(Ssiwjpl JnMliput \- (. The Moggill correspondent of the Brisbane Telegraph recounts the following sad cases of drowning :— Near the ferry, on the Moggill side of the river, and opposite to the coalshoot, on Friday evening, a punt was moored. The owner, with one of his men, was in the dingy driving trenails in one end of his vessel ; the third man jvas in the punt preparing tea, it being about half- past 5 o'clock. Having been informed that tea was ready, the men in the dingy prepared to ' go aboard, but the tide took the boat under the bow of the larger vessel, and by some means it became upset, and the men precipitated into the river. The owner shouted to the man in the punt, who threw them a rope, but it fell short, and the fcurrent dragging both men under the vessel, they Were no more seen. The river was dragged on Saturday, but without success, and at the time of writing this the bodies had not been found. Both were young and (happily) unmarried men. According to a correspondent at Ipswich, the hovel and not very edifying ceremony of open- air immersion was gone through in that town- fehip on last Sunday fortnight. The pastor of the Baptist Church selected for the ceremony that portion of the Bremer known as the Basin. There a large number of spectators assembled, many of whom demonstrated their lack of sympathy with the proceedings. Eight candidates, five of them young females, went down into the water, and were baptised, an act which produced a good deal Of unseemly facetiousness and merriment in a . portion of the crowd. , A Scotch correspondent in foe London Scottish, Journal, hailing from Stirling Bridge, draws at tention to a Scottish legal grievance which has received too little public notice. When an Eng lish lawyer — often enough, it may be, a very puny one — is raised to the Bench, he has at once a handle added to his name, and not infrequently' he winds up with having a peerage conferred fipon him. But a Scotch lawyer is debarred from rising to tbe highest legal offices in the State. The correspondent then pithily remarks : — " Now jet me ask this question. Is there any legal in competency on the part of a Scotch lawyer to hold the Great Seal of England, or to be High Chancellor of England ? In one of his immortal orations, Richard Brinsley Sheridan exclaims, 'I call upon the humblest peasant in the Empire to defend his. son's title to the Great Seal of Eng land.' I think it is about time — particularly see ing that an Irish lawyer has had his turn of the woolsack — that Scotland, the land that was never conquered, and that gave to England the royal line, should have her turn. And the man to re present lier in the high office is none other than George Lord Young, the late Lord Advocate. He will neither disgrace his country, the wool sack, nor himself;" Our correspondent's remarks are worthy of consideration. Had such a legal disability extended to Ireland that country would long ago have got up a special kail-yard rebellion to seek redress of the grievance at the point of the cabbage-stalk. M. HdSERj of Paris, has patented a portable Steam engine adapted for all kinds of domestic purposes and for hand turning, watch making, machine sewing, stamping, embossing, hand- \- printing, and the like. The boiler consists of two concentric cylinders of iron plate, the inner containing a serpentine of sheet metal with the furnace underneath, whilst the space between the cylinders forms a steam chamber. A feed cisterii surrounds the flue, so that the waste heat is utilised in raising the temperature of the feed water. A sperical metal case encloses the safety valve and steam port. The engines are lnade in various sides, from I to 2 horses' power. A small one in the Maritime Exhibition was of : £ horse's power. The generator is 2 feet high I and 14 inches in diameter, and by an ingenious | disposition the serpentine presents a fire surface | of 9 square feet nearly. Steam cau be got up in 3 it within twelve minutes after lighting the fire, | and the coke consumed when the engine is in | full work costs 4 centimes (one halfpenny) per fi hour. This little engine is said to drive a sew- | ing machine; as well as a circular Baw 15 inches ! in diameter. :1 Professor Fawcett, " the most influential a inember of the Liberal party in England/' is ;1 blind. Harper's Weekly says : — " From the P moment he took his seat in that body, he has been able — and this is unusual — to command the close attention of the House. He has a clear, fine voice, speaks with the utmost fluency, has none of the university intonation; and none of the hesitation of uneasy attitudes of the average parliamentary speaker. He SGcrns all subter fuges, speaks honestly his whole mind, and comes to the point. At times he is eloquent, and he is always interesting. He is known to be a man of convictions. The usual English political theory that you need not prove a thing right in princi ple if you can show that it for the time works Without disaster, is one which Professor Fawcett ignores; He defends the right against the wrong, with little respect to consequences." An accident of an almost unprecedented nature in the htmting field recently occurred in Geylon to a young gentleman named Behrend, who was learning coffee-planting on the estate of Mr. C. B. Phipson, at Maskeylia. The Ceylon Observer of March 2nd thus describes the affair : — On Saturday last, after the day's work was closed, Mr. Behrend went in pursuit of an elk which had been seen on the plantation. The animal came to bay in the river, and the coolies who accom panied their master wished to kill it with sticks and stones. This Behrend would not permit, and instead, without the aid of dogs, he pluckily, but very rashly, went in himself knife in hand. The attempt would be a most dangerous one even for an old experienced huntsman, for the elk was a large powerful buck, but poor Behrend had no chance, for instead of going at the elk sideways, he seems to have gone up in front and caught at the creature's throat. There was, of course, a struggle, and the coolies saw Behrend fall back, while the elk broke away. Theytushed tip at once and got their joung master out of the water, but only to find him quite dead. The ex planation seems to be that the elk with his foot struck the poor fellow's hand with such force as to turn the knife back and right into his chest, if not through the heart. Death must have been almost instantaneous. The Messager du Midi states that a merchant vessel arrived at Marseilles lately, laden With sugar from Batavia. While in the act of un loading, the workmen suddenly left their task, and, rushing up to the deck, gasped out inarticu late words. Among the hampers they had found three immense boa constrictors. These reptiles seemed to wake from a state of lethargy, and advanced towards the terrified men, who had only just time to hoist themselves on deck and close the hatches. The captain was, of course, obliged to suspend the operation of unloading and to look for the means of getting rid of these strange passengers. Two pigeons were poisoned with strychnine and dropped into the hold. They Were devoured at once, but only two of the ser pents died. The third reptile has not been seen again, and it is with the greatest difficulty that the captain can get men to assist him in unload ing the ship. From the Morning Post we learn that Mr. and Mrs. Forster wei e presented at Court a few days back, the Agent-General for New South Wales by Lord Carnarvon, and the Countess of Derby introducing Mrs. Forster. Mr. J. M'Intyre, of Sandhurst, was also presented, on the 8th April, at the levee , and the Duke of Edinburgh took the opportunity of recognising an old acquaintance in Australia. Sullivan, the New Zealand murderer, was brought up on habeas recently, and discharged from custody, as the Influx of Criminals Preven tion Act does not apply to him, Judge Fellowes holding that as Sullivan was domiciled in Vic toria at the time of and previous to the passing of the Act, he was exempt from its operations, MR. Augustus Smith, late sergeant in the 1st "Waikato Regiment, New Zealand, has (says the ? Southland Times) just received news of his hav- U Ing been left £100,000. As evidence of the permanent character of the Palmer River gold field, it is significant that no less than three banking corporations — viz., the Bank of New South Wales, the Joint Stock, and the National — purpose simultaneously opening offices at Edwardstown without delay. A faint idea ma' be formed of the extent to which Sebastopol was fired upon by the allied armies and fleets when it is stated that, from a tax of 6d. per cwt., which the Russian Govern ment levied upon the proceeds of the sales of old iron, shot, and shell picked up and sold by the people, a sura of nearly £15,000 was realised. A curious instance of delay in the transit of a letter has come under the notice of the Albury Banner. It appears that the proprietor of the Banner about twelve months since had occasion to write to a correspondent at Ten-mile Creek with reference to some business transaction. The letter was duly dispatched on the 31st May, 1875, but as it happened to be of no particular import ance the fact of no reply coming to hand did not give rise to any particular surprise, and in the course of time the matter was altogether for gotten. On the 17th April, however, the writer received a letter from the person to whom the communication referred to had been addressed, stating that the missive had just come to hand, and inquiring what it was all about, as the re cipient had forgotten all the circumstances to which it referred. Where the letter has been for the last twelve months it is impossible just now to say. A sad accident occurred at Moama on the 22nd April (the Riverine Herald reports) by which a child about eight years, named Carr, lost its life. Some logs were burning in the locality of Mr. Carr's house, and the child, in playing about, took up some of the live charcoal and put it in her pinafore. The burning charcoal in a short time ignited the child's dress, and she was en veloped in flames. Some children who were near attempted to extinguish the fire, but were powerless to render efficient aid. A man work ing in the neighbourhood was, however, attracted by the screams of the unfortunate girl, and he, by wrapping a rug round her, succeeded in put ting out the fire. Everything was done for the little sufferer by Dr. Macmullen, who was soon in attendance, but she died in a few hours. An official telegram, dated Coolctown, Monday, April 24, states that bad reports from the new rush continue coming in, but still most people believe Mulligan's statements respecting the reefs. Considerable destitution prevails among returned diggers. Under the head of the " Queen's Title," the London correspondent of the Australasian writes : The proposed change in her Majesty's title by the addition of Empress of India to her other designations, has raised a storm in Parliament and the Press, which I shall only allude to in con clusion, with the remarks made about the colon ies when the question was first brought forward. Mr. Lowe expressed a hope that the colonies would be recognised in some form or other in the title, and it was further shown that when India was transferred from the Company's rule, the proclamation announcing the change spoke of her Majesty as Victoria, by the Grace of God of Great Britain and Ireland, and of the colonies and dependencies thereof in Europe, Asia, Africa, America, and Australasia, Queen. Mr. Dis raeli, however, did not look at the matter in the same light as it was put forward by Mr. Lowe and Mr. Forster, and said that whilst he regretted the favourable opportunities that had been lost of indentifying the colonies with the Royal race of England, India was very differently situated. You had a fluctuating population. A man might be a member of Parliament at Melbourne one year, and at Westminster the next. . A colonist finds a nugget or fleeces a thousand .flocks (which latter observation was received with much laughter), makes a fortune, in fine, in some way, returns to England, buys an estate, becomes a magistrate, perhaps high sheriff, has a fine house near Hyde Park, and goes to Court. Such was not the case with people of India. Colonists were English ; they come, they go, they are care ful to make fortunes, and invest their money in England. They look forward to return when they leave this country, and they do return. Such was Mr. Disraeli's argument, founded on the supposition that the colonies and the United Kingdom are one, forgetting that there are hun dreds of thousands born in the former who never have seen England, and are never likely to see it, whose interests, in fact, are colonial. . Mr. Gladstone took up the same line as Mr; Lowe, and contended that there ought to be a recital of the colonies in the title. Mr. Forster followed on the same side, combatting Mr. Disraeli's state ment that colonists were a floating population, and contending rather that they were founders of mighty empires, and were, in fact, great com munities. A Mr. Smollet, member for Cambridge, . who appears to have lived for many years in In dia, could not resist the temptation of having a fling at the Australian colonists, whom he heard were rather a rough lot, but he did not think they could be so stubborn or pig-headed as they would show themselves to be, were their views really such as Mr. Gladstone represented. In his opinion, at any rate, India was worth a hun dred Tasmanias. " One of the favourite occupations of the humbler classes at Bradford on Sunday is, it _seems, gambling," remarks the Pall Mall Gazette of February 16, " and they have devised a novel and ingenious method of risking their money, which does credit to their inventive genius. On Sunday morning last two police detectives, who were on the watch for public gamblers, observed about 20 men, who had stationed themselves on the banks of the stream running through the town. After' looking .about to see that no one was near to interfere with their amusement, each produced some splinters of wood from his pocket, one of which he threw into the stream. After a dead silence of a few seconds there arose a wild clamour of excitement as the splinters made their way down the stream. Shouts of 'Two to one on mine,' ' Six to four on mine,' 'A hundred to eighty-five pints on mine,' broke the silence of the Sabbath morn as one splintef headed another in the race, A certain mark being at length reached by one splinter, the settling took place on the spot ; coppers and even silver changing hands with great rapidity. The officers at once pounced down upon the gamblers, who, on being charged before a magistrate, were sentenced each to pay a fine of 10s. and costs. .They acknow ledged the fact of an interesting race having taken place, and also admitted that the owner of the winning splinter received a penny from every loser. In some respects this splinter-racing is an improvement on horse-racing, as it would be rather difficult, if not impossible, to ' nobble' a splinter." In a recent book we read the story that a Scotch gentleman of fortune on his deathbed asked the minister " Whether, if he left £10,000 to the Kirk, his salvation would be certain." The cautious minister responded, " I would not like to be positive, but its weel worth the trying." The gentleman gave the money, and soon after wards gave up the ghost. A very curious case was heard recently in the Queen's Bench Division of the High Court. The plaintiff, Sarah Phillips, married a Mr. Barnet more than six years ago. He beat her, thereby, she says, permanently injuring her, and she waB divorced from bim, on tbe ground of adultery and cruelty. She now, as a single woman, sued him for damages, and her counsel argued that she could when a wife indict her husband for violence, so she could, as a divorcee, bring an action for damages. The J udges, however, de cided that a man and wife can bring no civil action against each other, being in the eye of the law one person, and that divorce did not re vive their right as if they had continued single persons. The divorce did not destroy the mar riage ah initio , but only destroyed it for the fu ture, The point raised is said to be perfectly novel, and the decision is important, as otherwise a divorce suit might be followed up by all manner of actions, intended chiefly to gratify domestic hatred. Sir William Manning has accepted the vacant Judgeship, and were sworn in on Monday. The Maryborough Chronicle says :— The gal lants of Maryborough thought they saw a chance of distinguishing themselves and extinguishing somebody else the other night, A young couple of lovers tender and true, were walking i.ithe sub urbs when three blackfellows started suddenly in view from the side-walk. The girl took fright, ran from her companion a few yards, and then fell down in a violent fit of hysterics. The man, in great terror, knelt beside her, and supported her head on his arm. Her cries of apparent dis tress roused and brought the neighbours to her assistance. The first gallant to arrive drew his own conclusions, rushed to the fair one's assist ance, and to mark his disapproval of the pro ceeding, struck her beau on the side of the head knocking him over into the gutter. Before he had time to regain his footing or expostulate, a second gallant commenced belabouring him with a riding whip. By this time the. girl had recovered her senses, and her would-be rescuers learned to their consternation that, things are not (always) what they seem. A case "of malingering is- being -practised in the Ararat Gaol by a prisoner named Murphey, who (says the Advertiser) Avas incarcerated a short time ago for stealing clothing. He- has been examined by Dr. Galbraith, the medical officer, and the other medical men of the town, wno quite coincide that the man is simply feigning. Murphey howls and cries, and gives absurd answers to all questions. He pretends to forget his father's name, says a shilling is sixpence and made of steel, a key is composed of copper, and window glass of ice. He cannot read, he says, but he can write his name. Hp calls kerosene gin, and as an experiment some was given him, which he drank, and asked for more. He also had a drink of assafcetida, and intimates that it is specially palatable. The special correspondent of the Queenslander at the Mitchell River states that hundreds are returning who were on their way to the Hodg- kinson River rush, not being able to reach there ; though very near, they were discouraged by the bad accounts. Gold was not obtained anywhere of any consequence, and great numbers who had been able to reach the diggings were entirely without the means of remaining to prospect ; they must get gold immediately, starve, or fall back upon the poor gullies. Flour is Is. and 6d. per lb. and scarce ; beef has temporarily run out. The old Northern hands, with horses, are spreading out, and will give the district a fair trial. " The surprising feats of endurance which the American pedestrain, E. P. Weston, is now ac-. complisbing in London (writes the British Me dical Journal) are capable of affording instruc tion as well as exciting interest. He has on a former occasion walked 400 miles in. five days, and he is now accomplishing, and about to ac complish, feats of endurance even more extra- ordinary. Athletes generally will be interested to know that he contemns the established rules of training, and that the only preparation which he went through before beginning his present series of walking matches against time was to pass a few days quietly in the" country, taking a ten-mile walk daily. His alleged preference for cold meat as an ordinary diet is founded on error. On Tuesday afternoon, before starting his present 300 miles walk, he dined off a broiled steak. He is not a total abstainer, except when he is walking, and then lie takes nothing but cold tea, lemons, and oranges to refresh himself ; while for nourishment he relies on soup made from extract of beef. Soups made in the ordi nary way he considers too heavy for digestion during his protracted exertion, and finds himself unable to digest them. His ordinary rate of walking is about four miles and a half an hour ; his walking is almost entirely frcm the hip, the knees being flexed, and the knee joint having very little play. During the first 24 hours he rests for about ten minutes at a time every two hours, during which time he reclines on a" couch so arranged that both head and feet are much elevated, the body being doubled up ; Jhe is shampooed during these intervals with Bay rum, being rubbed in a direction from the distal end of the limbs towards the trunk. At the end of each 24 hours he takes two hours of sleep, and at this time generally eats a little cold beef. At the end of his greatest walking feats he has. never been exhausted or in any way injured; During some of his longest walks in America he has readily submitted himself to rigid scien tific observation, and a series of very important conclusions was drawn from the physiological data thus obtained by Dr. Austin Flint in New York, which were published in an elaborate monagraph, and which Dr. Flint summarises in his newly-published text-book of " Human Phy siology." Dr. Pavy is at present checking these results by an independent investigation, and Mr.. Weston has obligingly consented to facilitate on a subsequent occasion a-further series of physio logical investigations bearing on the waste of tissue. He is by profession a writer for the press ; he never bets or backs himself, and lias- a strong desire to make his powers of endurance useful for the purpose of furthering knowledge of the laws of waste and nutrition and the in vestigation' of the vital phenomena connected with muscular effort. Information on this sub ject is still much needed, and, when gathered, will have important practical applications to medicine and to physiology. It is rumoured that the French Government in tend to annex a portion of the group of islands in- the South Seas associated with the massacre of Bishop Patterson and Commodore Goodenough. 