WJLDAMSWWiV POLICE .COUJtU. i "' ’ Tuesday," august 29: "k. : Before Messrs ;MqHison..Ajtkens, .and Reid, Thomas Barr and Joseph Bland, two uoys). about ten'ydars'of age, svere charged with stealing a. pigeon, on the l'4th ^August, from n box on the premises of William Hagg, Cole stfeet, -the property of-a young .lad, named. George Taylor;' Tic -said that on -.returning-; honie on the i4th, at !).30 p:m.' he'beard a noise in the back yard,, and on going .there,.. : missed two pigeons, and found :a..pauvqf boots; Running round to Twyford-street,die .: met the boys Barr and Bland,'when’-the former offered to give -up a pigeon for the , pair of boots. The exchange took place, but on the following morning, one' pigeon, was missing from its box, and accusing the de fendants of taking.it, Barr said, “res, we made up for the other two.” The evidence of Mrs Bagg was corrobora tive, and they were each fined 20s or be im prisoned seven days in gaol. Mary Ann McGregor charged Richard Hammond (inspector of nuisances) with having committed an unlawful assault, for which she claimed £20 daumges. Defendant preferred a charge of unlawful assault against his prosecutrix, and it was decided to hear the two cases together. • Mr Roberts appeared for Mrs McGregor, and Mr Harcourt for the inspector. Mary Ann McGregor said that on the 21st August she went to Die Williamstown Junc tion station about nine p.m. to call her. chil dren. She saw defendant coming along the Cemetery road ; she was at the fence near the gate. Defendant, who iiad a pair of fowls in his hand, was going through the wicket, when he turned hack, mid gave her a “ crack ” with his stick on the head. Mho did not speak to him at all. The’discolourcd eye and wound on the head are the effects of the blow. -She wore a striped wincey petti coat, and'had a white petticoat over her head as the night was cold. .She had suffered considerable pain.. .. To Mr Hareuurt: She . had a white petti coat over her head, as the dew was falling. She .was. quite sober. Defendant. said no thing, but hit her with his stick, 'the child ren were present when the assault-was com mitted ; she was quite certain she did not say " bnoh” to him ; could not remember anyone laughing, as she was insensible. She came straight from home to look for the children) who were on the station platform. She had been leaning near the fence for a few minutes when struck, and was waiting for her child ren to come through the gate; she was not stooping down, but leaning at the fence. The defendant was about eighteen feet olf when he turned back. To Mi Roberts ; She lived on the Kororoit Creek road, Site called the children, who answered, and were coming towards her. It was pretty light. Dr Figg said that he was called to sec Mrs McGregor on the 21st August. The wound was Qntused, and evidently inflicted with a stick ; it was tolerably deep. The blood from the wound descended under the skin tr the cavity below the eye, which accounted for the discoloration at that place. Tbe wound would have a stunning effect; but the patient was never in very great danger. | It would be a fortnight before the wound healed. Replying to went would have been the probable results in warm weather, he re plied that the prick of a thorn might become serious. In 48 hours after the occurrence she might have been able for duty. To Mr Harcourt : In answer to a question whether the complainant was sober when he first saw her, the witness stated that she was in an intermediate state—a state of semi developments which was about three-quar ters of an hour after the blow was struck. To Mr Roberts; The blow might have affected her intelligence for two or three R. Bowman, railway porter, stated that about 9.15 p.m. he heard two of complain ant’s children at the station, and a boy named Lancaster, say that there was a ghost at the fence. Turning his lamp to look for the woman he saw the defendant in the act of striking her on the head. It sounded as if the rail were struck ; he never dreamt it was a wqinan's head. Pointing to defendant, she said, “ That man struck me.” She had a white petticoat over her head; and calling her two children went home after a few minutes. As soon as the blow was struck, defendant went away, and did. not come back. When the assault took place he could have heard her children say to him, “ That’s my mother.” The complainant was close to the station. Witness was about seven yards off at thi! time. She wasibleeding very freely from the head. . Janet McGregor, complainant’s daughter, said that she was at the station about nine p.m.; it was not dark. They were playing when mother called her. She was going to wards her when Hammond was going through the gates to Williamstqiyn. He returned and struck her, saying “ You’re the one that has been acting the ghost all the time,” and then went away laughing. Bowman came across to mother, who had no bonnet or hat, but a white petticoat over her head. To Mr Harcourt : Alluding to her mother, she said to her brother, “ There's the ghost.” To the Benoh : Sho had seen her mother once or twice with a petticoat over her head. She had never before termed her a ghost. There was nothing unusual about her appear ance on the 21 st August. _ To Mr Roberts : When she said to her brother, “ Oh, there's the ghost," she knew it was her mother who was standing by. Arthur Bates saw complainant at the station gate as he was going home ; she was stooping down. He heard the children say, “ Ob, mother’s a ghost.” He want up to her, and she laughing said that she was only playing wit-h the children. She was too sub stantial for a'ghost, Ho was qulto certain that it was a shepherd plaid shawl that she bad-over her head, which, he supposed, was to keep her warm. To the Bench : She had to get out of his' way, saying, “ Oh, I am playing with the children." Richard Hammond said that he had im pounded: McGregor’s goats, and believed she felt maliciously towards him. Going to Simpson’s slaughtering premises on'the 21st, a dog; ran at: him from McGregor’s, he thought. Coming home in the evening, and ! when passing through the wicket' at; the , grossing, a figure, with Jiajtds outstretched, umped towards him, and cried!‘ booh,'-’ He | did not know who or what it was ; if lie had j known the figure was a woman he would not have struck it. To Mr Roberts : He was not nervous when passing the Cemetery, and did not mistake a tombstone for a ghost. The object sprang at him. All he saw was white over the head ; did not know what it was ; thought it was some one playing a trick. To the Bench t He did not go out of his way to strike her, but immediately on her jumping up. Samuel Fowler gave evidence that com plainant had threatened to do terrible tilings to the inspector for impounding her goats. The Bench, after retiring to consider the ■ case, held that the evidence given did not justify a conviction for assault. 'There had been no malice shown. They were of opinion that there was a just claim for damages. The action of defendant in striking the woman was, exceedingly hasty. It seemed to them that he returned a few paces, and had time to collect his thoughts. Being on the rail way premises and near active men who could give chase in cash of -necessity, there was no call for the.course adopted, and it was not at all, likely that any one would play the part .of.a.ghost at such a place.- The woman had been considerably injured, and ,-10s damages were adjudged with sB8 iis costs. -' '“William Bow accused Moses Keogh of com ■uiittiiig an unlawful assault, which arose from a dispute over a heap of metal at the North road^ Ho alleged that he was kicked, .knocked down, bruised on tlio hands with a hammer, ‘kc. ■ Keogli said that he served Bow with a cross 'summons for assault in Mr Morgan’s sale rooms on the 20th inst., which was delibe rately denied by Bow. Corroborative evidence having been given proving that the document was placed on bis shoulder, tiio case was dismissed, as it was considered that Bow’s evidence was not re liable. It was also stated that ho might be proceeded against lor false swearing. John Thomson was also charged by H il liam Bow with having committed an assault in the market reserve in July. The case was heard and dismissed some weeks ago. After a long hearing, during which Bow by the in dulgence of the Court was permitted to ex amine witnesses on the most irrelevant . things, the case was at last summarily dis missed with an order to pay £3 10s costs, or go to prison for one month. 