CHAPTER, XL.-IN THR NIGHT TIMK. Clemont, wo have saul, wont at once towards tho sea. Ho did not dream of his brother's turning into the narrow village street, or wandering along tho cliff at that hour of tho night ; Matthew would chooso the long stretch of lonely sands, and thero pass the hours away with tho great, restless sea for company. It would ho Uko a poet-it would bo like Mat (¿nail. Tho any was full of denso, dark clouds, as Clo nient looked upwards for a moment; but he liad not expected tho lichtniug until it was quivering in a blue Hame about him in the gap which led downwards to the shore. It was a wild night, and it reminded him at once of that wilder night of rain and storm when he had come home from abroad, and much mystery had set in with the tempest, and one poor girl had strangely and suddenly drifted out of lifo. Ho had never known tho truth of that, and he had thought that Matthew had, and had been troubled about it, until troubles ot* his own had set thoso doubts in tho background. This was a night to remind him of the tragedy again, and to place it side hy side with all the mysteries which had arisen from it. Ho went down to the sands, aud peered along them as best he could in tho darkness, hut found no traces of his brother. I t was darker thero than he had imagined that it would be, and the sea was tumbling in with a sullen force and roar, as if in protest against thc storm that was disturbing it. Tho rain held oif, although the clouds over- head threatened a deluge presently, and the light ning seemed out at sea. Clement fancied, when lw was standing on the jetty from which he had dived to save cóusin Ilesbie's little girl. All along the length of shore whereon the waves broke dickered long lines of phosphorescence, and there was a shimmering of blue flame amongst the wooden supports of tho landing-stage with every movement of the water. Clement stood at his post, waiting for tho next ila*Ii from heaven that should light lip the sea and clift' and .«and, and show him any moving object to which he might direct his steps ; and when the lightning came ho was certain that there was nothing to break the level of the shore save the fishermen's boats drawn up out of reach of the next tide. The landscape oC cliff, the village nestling thereon, and the villas scattered about the higher western ground, all started into momentary light, and then went lwk again into a denser darkness than before ; but his quick glance had had time to take in the scene, and there seemed to linger on his memory a something standing on the staircase which went up the face of the cliffs to the gardens of Lord Pounie's house. I Was it fancy or not ? Had he looked towards the house where llesbie was, thinking it natural that Matthew should have strolled in that direc- tion, and had hiä imagination deceived him for the time ? He waited again for the lightning, but it was long in coming, as if the storm was passing fur- ther away to sea, in lieu of sweeping on towards the land. He left the jetty, and went towards the stair- case in the cliif, keeping close to the great chalk walls, with an instinct to evade all observation that ho could not account for. It was a long walk in the deep sand, but he wa3 more than half way there when the lightning came once more, with a suddenness and brightness that brought every thing for miles around into a momentary glai I noonday. I Clement had not allowed the opportunit; escape him ; he had looked at once towards flying staircase, and half way up there was su standing a figure with its hack towards the Was it his brot her watching, and if so, with v object? or was he still the victim of his own ordered fancy ? Ile was on the steps at last, and ascent them as cautiously and noiselessly as though object was to surprise Matthew, and frighten ] to death. This idea occurred to him forcibly fore he had reached the half-way platform c uecting the upper half of the staircase with lower, and he smiled at his own tactics, i called out his brother's name. At the same stant the lightning flashed about him, and a i of thunder drowned the echo of his voice. The storm had shifted and was approach Ingleness in earnest ; it waa time that he «i Matthew had housed safely. And yet the fig now close to his grasp was not that of Matth Quail, unless it was crouching down in the lt cloak which draped its shoulders. Ile ran up the next few steps towards it, ti I the figure turned to retreat, uttering a nerve cry ; but it was too late, and Clement's hands w on tho cloak. " Tell me who you are, and why you are wati ing here ?" said Clement ; and then tho clo dropped to thc feet of his captive, and in 1 woman confronting him he recognised Hann Bennett. At the sound of his voice she rccovored in her first alarm, and turning quickly, peered ir tho face of him who had surprised her. "Is it Clement Quailf" she asked iu a lt whisper. "Yes-it ia I." "Why aro you playing the spy? How dn you como here at this hour ! flo back !" she erie in her old sharp, angry tones. "Yes, that's all very fine," said Clemei i coolly ; " but what is your business, to beg with ?» "lam at home-you are not! You have J right to ask me questions." i " Well, it's a very uncomfortable kind of horn ' Hannah, though, I suppose, legally it's part' I the jiremises," said Clement, " still I don't si I that you have much right to be here. Í can j after my brother, who I fancied was in this dire tion." Hannah Bennett drew a long breath. " What makes you think that ?" she said ; " wh¡ folly to suppose - " She did not finish her sentence, but turne quickly from Clement, and, with a baud on cac hand-rail, went slowly tipwards towards tho sun mit of the cliff. Clement followed her, and said more sternly, i her ear: "Woman, what trickery is this in which yo are engaged ?" She made an imploring gesture with her bandi but did not stop her ascent. " For God's sake, not a word !" sho murmurée " Ho's coming now-and a word may kill him Look!» The door in the' cliff-wall was pushed bael f upon its hinges, and a tall figure came throng] the aperture, and stood on tho landing-stage abovi thom, with its hands clasped, and a white, wai face turned seaward. " It is Matthew !" cried Clement, " What take! him to Lord Tounie's house?" She did not answer. With a slow sinuous move meut, Hannah Bennett stole upwards, step by step, standing in Matthew's way at last. He took no heed of her, for all her close proximity, bût kept his gaze directed to the sea ; and it was not till the lightning came once more that Clement re alised,tho truth, in the lixed, glazed eyes of his brother. "Asleep!" he whispored to himself, in his auiazoment. Ho had become as cautious as Hannah Bennett, and stood watching tho result with his heart boat- ing fast against his ribs. Matthew was dressed as ho had last seen him, but he carried his big felt hat crushed in his right hand. After standing thus for a whilo, uncon- scious of his watchers, he made a movement to descend, and Hannah went backwards step by stoj>, as he advanced, holding her hands spread out, as if prepared to catch him or run towards him, should he slip. Backwards also stepped tho wondering Cle- ment, and in this silent way the three reached the sands, when Matthew turned his ghastly face to '-ards his home, and went on with grave, slow steps. Ile was safe now, and Clement held Han- nah by the wrist, and allowed his brother to pro- ceed, keeping his eye3 upon him whilst he ques- tioned her, " How long have you known this ?.' he asked. " Same years. Do you wonder now why I want to be with him, and take care of him ?" " Why have you not told me before?" " It was his wish that you should never know it." j " He wished that-when ?" " When he woke up suddenly in one of these strange walks, and found me at his side. He was ill afterwards for days, hut he made me swear that I should never betray a word of this to you-not even if he died." " How often does he venture on those stairs ?" " Last summer he walked there frequently. My window lookß upon the garden grounds, and I have hardly known rest for watching since he has been at Ingleness this year. I knew that you would unsettle him to-night-it was in your eyes when you left me,-and 1 felt that he would come." " Thank heaven, ho is safe ! ' " Amen. You will be kind to him," she said, entreatingly, " and say nothing of this, or of what he whispers in his sleep sometimes." " You leave him in good hands." " I think I do," she added, almost doubtfully ; " hut he has always spoken of the misery that j might ari«5 from your knowing of his malady." | " Nothing but good can spring from it." ' said Clemeut ; " for I shall not leave him ngaiu." "That's well-I hope that's well," she added, with the same strange air or doubt besetting her " See to him, please." She went swiftly up the steps, and vanished away on the high ground, and he turned in the direction which his brother had taken along the deep soft sands. The lightning was Hashing with more frequency and ho had been able to trac > his brother's pro- gress during all this hasty conversation with Hannah .Dennett. Ile was quickly at Matthew's side, after the girl had departed, and keepin« silent step with him, glancing askance at the thoughtful, weary taco. How strange it seemed that they should ho walking together thus that for tlu first time he had become acquainted with this dangerous habit of sleep-walking which Hannah Dennett had dis- covered years ago ! Ile could remember Matthew walking once in his sleep at school, and of tho fun that was made of it by the pupils ; but it had not been repeated, and the incident had escaped his memory till then. Something must be done .-1« must take care of Matthew-even give up tho Comet, if Matthew would not come to London and share houso with him. He must bo more considerate with the old hoy after this-look after his diet, keep him from brooding too much, or studying too much, and never lose his temper with him, as he had done that night for the first time since they had been men together. Mat had his troubles, and his secrets, and was over-sensitive about them. Cle- ment would turn over a now leaf to-morrow for them both. Matthew stopped again suddenly, as if arrested in his courso hy an idea of some importance, and looked so steadily at his brother, that Clement could have believed tthat ho was conscious, had not the words which followed been irrelevant to tho time and place and listener. " You have all the papers, and the world can never know the secret. Between you and me is silence." Ile went on, with ms orotner at ms suie, mien he spoke again, Clement could hut listen to him. " Clement shall never know it my lord. He was hard on me to-night; hut I will not brenk my word to you, let him suspect mo a J ho may." Tliey proceeded side hy side in tho shadows of the Gap, and, save one long, cpiiyering sigh, no further sound escaped Matthew um i I they were in the silent village, and close upon the front door of the Lobster Inn. " Poor Clem," Matthew said, suddenly ; and his brother, more by accident than design- even os it wore in satire against himself- said after him " Poor Clem." Clement was sorry that he bad spokou, tims in- discreetly, when Matthew turned at thc sound of the voice, and appeared to listen for it. Clement was on his guard now, and he held his breath in fear that his brother would awake. Strange sto- ries of somnambulists, and the danger of awaken- ing them in their dream walks, came suddenly to his mind, and he trembled for the result. Matthew did not awake ; and thero seemed tho old uncon- sciousness upon him that he was with some ono to whom he could talk freely of a real or imagin- ary sorrow. He anathematized his own stupid impulses the moment after the words had escaped him, for Matthew once again bent down his head to listen with a deep intentness. There was an ominous quivering of tue eyelashes that seemed to presage a sudden stepping back to consciousness, and then Mattew spolie again : " Ile would have been Earl of Coedstown one day, if we had both been honest men. jN'ever for- get that." Clement Quail would remember that-lie would never in all after-time forget it ! Ile went a step forward in his surprise, to brood upon the revela- tion, and Matthew's hand dropped from Iiis ann. Was this the secret which rendered Mat unhappy, and which had brought about Hesbio Grace's mar- riage?-or was this the mutterings of a mau be- set by a mad dream? He could not believe it, and he would not trust his reasoning for or against so strange a supposition. His mind was naturally a ready one-quick to seizo an idea, and prone to deop remembrance of things and places and thero Hocked to him, even in that moment, a crowd of bygone incidents, all tending to tho ono fact of which tho somnambulist had spoken. Presently he would face these ghosts and lay them in their graves, or let them prompt his course of action for ever afterwards, haunting and. aging him as they had aged his brother. Now he had only his bro- ther's safety to consider. The door waa open still, and ho backed with stealthy steps into tho dark passage, where, after a moment's pause, Matthew followed him, closiug and bolting the door after him with a strange preciseness. Clement ascended tho stairs, and Matthew fol- lowed him. On tho landing-place the younger brother stepped into a deep recess which was there, and Matthew passed him, and, with another heavy sigh, entered his own room. A quarter of an hour afterwards, Clement looked in upon him, light in hand, and found him> sleeping peacefully in his bed. It ">vflS there that Matthew came back to consciousness, as though the light had wrought tho change, or tho heavy thunder, now rumbling overhead, had brought l'lim back from dream-land. " Is that you, Clem ?" he said, opening bis eyes suddenly ; " and up at this hour ?" " Ves ; it's I, Mat. Are you all right ?" " Why do you ask that ?" inquired Mat, strug- gling into a sitting posture in his bed, and starmg hard at Clement. ... " Oh, for no particular reason ! I was hasty tm» evening, and said many hard things wj"cü. i didn't mean, after a way that I have. I tbougni that they might be troubling your mind, OKI boy." '*' They have a little, perhaps," said Matthew, thoughtfully. , . , ,;(,re " t will ask von to forget them, and to lag« that I didn't intend to hurt your feelings by tuen«. There, is not that the humblest nf apologie* "I do not require an apology, Clem, n th0"*. I am glad to hear that you did not mean what >u ! sn id. *" That takes a heavy weight from me. ! u Exactly. I suppose you would not JIM put your feet in hot water now?" . ,, r« Matthew regarded his brother in the hg'» lunatic as he said : »Jib; Ishould not, at present, thank you." I fancy you have a c<Md coming on. You're rather hoarse, and you are beginning to speak through your nose." "I never regard colds. Goodnight, Clem." " Good night." A wasted arin and hand were held forth, re- minding. Clement of Don Quixote's ; then the brothers shook hands, and Clement went to his ' roo'". "There." said Clement to himself, " I have made him comfortable, and I suppose that was my mo- tive. Or was it to put him off his guard ?" He caught sight of his own brooding counte- nance in tho dressing-glass, and laughed, as though he were laughing awav tho excitement or the romantic ideas that had come on with the night. "Karl of Coedstown some day? Ah, you ugly black beggar, I don't believe ia you !" He put out his light, and got into lied. But he dreamed hard and fast until the morning. f"TO UK COXTJCXUKD.] 