j_; | OUR I3EISBANE LETTER. ' ; . ' ' My lottor will bo a short oho tliis timo, tliat is, if l am- to conflno mysolf to .things' 'Parliamentary, and ovon if I didn't, Isliould' bb puzzlod ivliat blso to write about, so dull is everything, lioro. "Thoro's nothing stirring but stagna tion, and not uxuch of tliat," as has boon Hibornically. expressed. : ' ' l' Tho fact : is, ever since tho Want of Confidence dob.ato in the Premior, logis- : latorial doings have ' boon tnmo 1 in tho oxtromo. , Tho little advanbo on account, for which tho Treasurer, askod on Friday, was so onsily arranged that thoro was scarcely an opportunity for our choice spirits to got in any of tlioir littlo jokos. Luckily tho lively and spiritual Member for Mitcholl was ablo occasionally to in terject one of- his quips, or I don'tknow what tho occupants of tho gallery,. would havo dono. ."Wlion tho Houso met on Tuesday, tho first.businoss to bp ontorod upon was tho oloction of a Spoakor iiv tho room of. Walsh, rotirod'in a huff. Every one was beautifully unanimous over the oloction. Tho Premior proposod Mr. King as a lit and propor person, &c.;, and Mr. Palmor: seconded huh' as fit 'and proper, &c.-; Tho Premior (it tho saiiio timo oulogisod tho lato Speaker, whom lio creditod with, tho nocossary sua viler in modo, and wlion nocessnry tho fortiter in re. . . Unfortunately tho unanimity was rather spoilod by Mr. Palmer, who got up a good doal of virtuous indignation on tho fact of ...tlio Governor having sanctioned Mri®King's appointment. Mr. Palmer, and one or two others, on his sido of tho House, . oxprossod a strong opinion that His Excellency's sanction was in no way necessary, and it wasjarguod that, by 6omo subtlo.ioa- souing, that tho rights of mombors, had bcon tramplod on, and tho British Con stitution endangered. It is reassuring to know, howbvor, that tho majority of tho mombors did not appear vory alaruiod on tho subject, and aftor a fow moro patriotic firoworks had boon lot off, things settled down, and tho House proceeded to moro iinportnnt businoss. And hero it should be montionod, before. I forgot it, that tho now Spoakor shaped uncommonly well during his first evening in the chair. It is true ho had not had timo to mount his robos of oflico, and so lost some of his oxtornal dignity, but in othor rospects ho was admirable, and no stranger would havo supposod that Mr. King had not boon at tho businoss for many sessions. Nor was his position a sinecure, as lie had many littlo points to sottlo, and lie gave his dooisions with an aplomb and froo- dom from nervousness which was , quite refreshing. Ho lias not yet altogotlior recovered from his lato attack, but ho is mending rapidly. Tho formal businoss being got rid of, up rose tho Treasuror to ask for some thing to carry on with until the Esti mates could bo passed, wkproupon Mr. Palmer, 011 bohalf of the Opposi tion, statod that I10 and his friends did not intend to stop supply, although he recommended moderation in Ministerial demands. Here Civil Sorvants in the gallery, might havo boon soon to smila cnoor- fully, as tho cortninty of their ' ' scrow" not being stopped was thus mado avir' dont. In this connection, however, it is said that some of tho impecunious 0110s amongst this class do not objoct to an occasional stoppage of supplies, as when "tho ghost won't walk," to uso stago slang, tlioy can oiijoy tho unwonted luxury of mooting tlioir creditors with a clear conscience, and tho comfortable assurance that these last won't attempt "to dun thorn undor tho circumstances. From this instructing digression I will return to tho Treasuror. Mr. Dickson, thon, askod for thrco months supply — £200,000 — which ho solemnly assured tho Houso was tho vory smallest amount ho could possibly do with. Mr. Palmor, as a mattor of courso, found tho amount a propostor- ously largo 0110, and wouldn't on any account grant moro than six wooks sup ply, but it was as well known to every one prosont — members and public—tlint tho difforenco was to bo split, and that- £150,000 would bo tho figuro agrood to 011 both 6ides, as tlio ovont provod it to bo. Appoarancos, liowovor, woro kopt up 011 both sidos, which was all right and propor. You must not imagino from this, liow ovor, that tho voto was granted right off — oh, dear, no — thoro woro any number, of questions, moro or loss frivolous, to bo askod and ausworod, before the amondod sum was grautod, and thon an Appropriation Bill was passed through all its stngos boforo you could say knifo. Horo Mr. Boll moved tho adjourn ment of tho Houso to draw tho attention of Government to tho fact that tho Minll Crock Bridgo, which connocts ouo part of Dnlby with another, had boon wasliod away by tho ilood, and ho would liko to know wkothor any money had been appropriated for setting it up again. Horo tho Promior put . his foot in it by not saying, right off tho rod, that tho Govorumont would tuko immodiato steps to oroot anothor bridgo, and .this dosirod consummation having booii nr: rivod at, tho Houso . ndjaurnod at .tlio,. oarly hour of eight, until tho following day. ' ' V ' ' On Wednesday tho Council mot, and tho Prosidont anhouncod tlint Thomas Blackot Stophons had beon sumihonod to tlio Uppor IIouso. Tho Prosidont also announced that tho ox-honorablo Honry Bates Fit/, had boon appointed Clork to tho Council in tho room of Henry, hotter known as "gontloiuan" Johnson, docoased. St. Gcorgo R. Gore boing appointed Clork Assistant in tho room, of Ralph Goro, also docoasod. ; r ; , Tho Appropriation Bill was sont through tho Houso of Poors with tlio 1 saiiio liglitning rapidity with which it passod tho Commons. In tho Assombly, Mr. Palmor askod why £2000 for a survoy of a railway from Gladstono to tlio Northern. Rail-, way, had not beon put on tho Estimates. Tlio Troasuror snid tho mattor had boon ovorlookod, but tho orror would bo fopnirod. , . - Mr. Palmor suggested that tlio amount should bo added to tho Estimates :by spocial mossngo. Thon, nftor somo questions of moro or loss impoi'tauco had boon .put and: passod, a very dismal evening sot in. Tho Troasuror made his financial' statoment, and for throb wenry, woary hours did that stolid orator grind out milos of information relating to tho piiBt, ' prosont, and futuro, and columns of figures, sufiiciont to drive a Babbago. tp, Woogaroo ;' and as if this was not suf ficient, Mr. Dickson impressed, or rathor triod to impress, all tlioso facts and figuros ou liis hoaror's minds, by roitor- nting tliom over and ovor again. But tlio. thread of his discourso was soon lost, and the Houso, upstairs and down, was liko the " deaf addor, that liearoth not" ; and it was with a gonuino, sigh: of roiiof "that tho Troasuror's last words woro received. : P quito agroo ' with th'o Courier , that tho, honorable. Treasuror would havo dono much hotter to havo. road, his spooch. Had :ho; dono bo' p fool convincod that an hour would 'liavo soon him through, and thero might also liavo boon a ; possibility of 'somo at loast' of- his honrpAs.uhto ,'his'i statomoht is about. ." V ' .'-'-I havo the; verbatim roport .of V tlio speech with which tho newspapers liavo afflicted 'their roadors, ' under my! eyos at tho prosont moment, and you will liavo to oxcuso mo1 tolling you what it's all about, bocaiiso, botwobn oursolvos, I really don'tknow. All I do. know is, — that there is toko no cliargo as regards taxation, oxcopt in favour of ' ' Asiatics, ' ' Wlibrpbyis moantour old friond "John," who ; is to ' havo a poun'y a pound duty put upon his rice, by way- of getting at him indirectly, while a direct dij) into his spocimon bag is to bo mado by charging 'him sixty '.shillings for his minor's right, instead of tlio ten shil lings, which his ; moro.; civilised (?) brother diggors will be called upon to pay; and by,tnkingfromhiui;£lOinstoad of £4 for his business licoiiso. I have such faith, howbvor, in John's resources, that I am not. so sanguine as tho Troasuror is as to , the; extra amount which will acoruo to the, Treasury from tlioso now sources of iucomo. The only reduction proposed is on roloasos of mortgages. Then wo. are , to have a loan ; nud that's about all I can rnako out, and as you have doubtless tho full report of tlio speech, I leave you to supply your rohdors with fuller dotails — if you can. , At tho conclusion of tlio Troasuror's Speech, the, Premior moved tho adjourn ment of tho Houso until nftor tho Toowoomba Show ; when, after n decont resistance had boeu mado by certain inombors who talkod absurdly about " wasting the tiuio of Parliament to tho detriment of tho interests of tho country at largo," or words to" tliat offect, tho House adjourned until Thursday next— when I don't expeot to soo much of a House. ; It appears to 1110, from the way in which sovernl of tho Opposition mem bers are. absenting thomsolvos— bo- taking thomsolvos ' ' liomo" or to Syd ney, that the . " othor sido" mean to lot things rip, at any rnto for this Session. It may bo that tlioy havo been impelled to this by tho vory significant meetings which just boon hold in Mary borough and _ Tiaro,. in favour of giving the Ministry a fair trial, and which I call a decided snub for the Opposition. A Lively Luxatio.— On 'Thursday nftbr- nooii, Jiilyl8, Angclo,' Onstro, a, Greek snilor rocontly sent to tlio Aclelnido Lunalio Asylum from tlio glial, suoooodoil by tuoutis of a vornndnli post in olimbing to tlio top of tlio institution. Ho thero pullod down a quautity of briiiks froni' ouo of tlio ohimnoys.' niid 1 by mens of n sling mado from his shirt,, hurled half briolcs into the siring courts, whero the othor patients woro. A brickbat which ho throw at a fomnlo pationt- who iiad aouio ; out- to soo hor husband almost, struck bor. Aftor dauciug about ou tho roof for nu hour; or so, I10 wns outiccd by tho. offer; of .an ; orange to oorao down. Ill doing so ho foil from n wall about eight foot high, slightly ' hurting ono of . liis arms' Ho wns at ouco seourod nud placod, iu his room. At the Asylum it is boliovod that tlio man lias beon familiar with prison discipline in his native country. H odqkixsox Gold Field Blacks. — A party, of five prospeotors, not far from this, woro: visited wliilo iu onmp n fow dnys siuco by somo blacks; who notified tlioir approach by a sliowor.of spears. Tho whites scatterad nnd miidoj for' trcos ; ono of tliom, wliilo snnpping a rcvolvor which would not oxplodo, was spoarod through tho log and foil. A blaok follow ran up to him, and as ho stood ovor tlio prostrato white, nulla uplifted, wus shot by ono of tho man's' mutes, and fell dead nlongsido bis iutendod viotim. Four moro wont over to tlio innjority beforo they bout a rctrout. Aftor tlio conclusion of tho affray it was found' nooossnry to out off a portion of tho spear beforo withdrawing it on nooonnt of tho barbs at tlio point. On the following morning four whites loft camp ou,.n mission of voiiguanco, nrmcd with a gun, a riflo, and n hulf axo. Af tor following tho truoks of tho blacks sovoral miles, tlioy oamo upon thom busily occupied in putting bnrbs on spoors, nppurontly preparing for a frosli attack. Tho owner of tho rovolvor mudo a oirouit, and getting to tlio othor sido of tho blaoks,1. ooinmonoed tho nttnok. Iu their surpriio, tlioy flod in tho direction of tho mates who received llioni warmly, and events oeourrcd in tho confiict ivhioh provod tliat a lmlf axo in tho lmiwls of a dotnrinincd man is a vary nsoftil woapon iu au emergency.- —Telegraph. 