TURF GOSSIP. [BY OUTSIDER.] The early intimation given by the South Australian Jockey Club of their next racing fixture will enable trainers to get their horses well into work for the approaching Spring Meeting, which is set down forth* Utter end of September. Thla arrangement frill exactly mi* aome of oar leading stabies, that will at that time have their htnm la training for the November Spring Meeting of the T.B.O. at Flemingtoa. like Iut yeHr, the September Bum of the 8.A.J. dub will be only one day. The defioieafly, if any, faifeeoportwfflfaemadeKOodbythe Adelaide Hunt (Hub holding their annual Steeplechase Meeting two daysafter. The interest which is afta&aa; to oar May Meeting will to a great extent be Mined 1a ttoptember, from the fact that no Melbourne honei win be able to pay ob a visit at that particular time of the year, •o that wa shall be loft to the alternative of racing amongst ourselves. But for all that, there fa no reason to fear from the number of s^ofl hones l^?>reeiBn?and bat titatafinri^lasa day's raring will be the result. Tksprogratntne which hu been lamed by the dub, 1b arranged in.?uck. a manner ?a to kntt nearly til classes of horses aooustoB<ed to the turf. The ball will open with ih* Maidens, a sweepstakes of 5sov>. each* with SO sovs. added; one mile. Then wmm tiie Boath Australian hookey Olub Deiby of 100 ton., with * sweep of 16 leva, at ihS, entriea for which ?kwed -with 26 nominations some months ago, oat of whiohiiumbernodoubt a Very good fieiS. of three-year-olds will put in an appearance, and Presumption, Aide of theHUls, aadNepkengat, win fighttheir battles over again. The lratn?rs of these three oolts ere •like sanguine as to flu issue, so that a fine set-to may be looked for towards the finish of thkraoe. The Selliiig Bade u a sweepstakes of 4 sovs. eaeu, with St son. added, one mile and a half, the selling conditions and allowance* being similar to those which have beta rue. under the S. A. J. Olub. The great race of the day will He the City Xendicap ?f 10 ssvs. each, with 100 son. added, one miU and three quarters and 132 yards. A large .number of hones will be nominated for this race/and if the handiupper should befortunateenoughtoappor. •ion the weights aatisfaotorily, a good field and a fist race should be the result. The 8horts of 20 son., half a mile, weight for age; and the Hacks of 15 bow., a mile and • half, catch weights, ooneiudes the programing. Nomina tions for tha Oifcy Bwdloap, with a fee of 1 sot., and ontranoe of another sot..* must be in the hands of the Secretary before 4 o'olook ofi Monday afternoon, the 3kt Jo1y? weight declared on the 10th August^ and. acceptances made good by 4 o'clock on the afternoon of general entry, the 7th September. Oa the 7th 4?gost entries' will also have to be made' for the following:—South Australian St. Leger and Two.Tear.Old Stake;, Anfeama Meeting, 1877? and the South Australian Derby, Spring Meeting, next year." These three events are under the mm ruin and oonditions as for* aterly. - , The Melbourne Oup weights, published Iwt week, have given anything but satisfaction both here and in Melbourne, and, from what I hear, I believe there is every probability of some of our best horses bring among the absentees on the day of aooeptanoe, through being butweighted as compared with others thatiave been toore leniently dealt with. The -meat favored of tiw 8outh Australian dividou aie Sapetatition and Venus, at 6st 12 lbs., and Fride of the Hills at 6 at. 4 iits. The first named should. If fit on the day, be able to make something of a show in the Oup with that weight. As regards the other nominations from hem. I don't believe they will stand a ghost of a chance. However, whoa the aocM? tanees are declared a'better estimate will be formed of Mr. Barnard's handiwork. It will be nenmberad that a feir days prior to the fast? May-Meeting Mr. W. Htrtchtion's promising eolt TorUaga broke down at Hilton in one of Us final galiops. At the time the injuiy he received was considered to be of a trivial nature, ?ad it has been deelded to throw him out of work for a few months. A few weeks ago he was tent to Melbourne, consigned to the v&nrof; Mr. W. P. Dahln, for the purpose Af being trained for the V.R.O. Bprinf Meet ing. I neat, however, that on closer inspection what wasoonsldered at first to be a slight sprain of bis near toe leg, turns oat to be mere serious, so much, so, that It Is thought his career on the tarf fs at an end. Be&ag; a fashionable hired horse, a son of Lucifer and Black Gipsy, she dam of Pride of the HUIa, far his services at the stud, no doubt he will be found to be a valuable acquisition. The Murmmbidgee Turf Club's programme, for the first week in December, appears in hut week's Anitralarian. On the first day will be run Cor the Wagga Wagga Odd Cup, valued ?,t 100 sot*., the gift of John Cox, Xsq., with 1,000 guineas added from the Olub, together with a sweep of \0 sots. each:' two miles. There are also a Grand Stand Handicap of 300 sovs. ; a Maiden Plato of 125 sovs. ; Town Pjte of 500 sovs. ; and some of the other minor events have been Tory liberally looked to. Stzoh an attractive programme as this will euiely osmmand the attention It deserves from aU those in any way interested. The nominations for the Gold Oup dose on the 1st August. Mr. William Turner, of Tlsbury, has In his potsBsdon seventeen Hampshire Down ewes bearing triplets, and one the dam of four.— IT. B. Agriculturist. In MinturnV JromNew York to Delhi " is given tho following aooouut of egg- hatohlng in Southern Ofeina^—"On our return from the gardens weatopped at an egg-hatchhig establish ment. This was a large woolen barn-shaped building on the river bank. The eggs are pur chased out of the jMDoduMbsate that earn* down the river, and are hen artifidaUy hatched. Xbe process employed i* singular, as using only the natural tea* of the egg, and is a* follows— I*rge hasketp,*aiih twice the sue of aa ordi dary barrel, and thickly lined with hay to prevent the loss of heat, are filled with the eggs, and toea earefuliy closed with a closely' fitting cover of twisted straw. The eggs are now bfft for three day*, after which they are removed from the basket, and replaced in difiereot order—those eggs which were before on the surface being bow oa the lowest tier. At the end of three days the petition of the eggs Is again altered, and so on for fifteen days, after which the eggs are taken out of the basket and placed on tite shelf in another department, and covered with bun. In the coarse of a day or two the fl^wV*" burst its shel', and makes its ' way oct of-the bran, being at ouoe taken charge of by an attendant, woo U always on the watch. 1 Toe whose acoret of this pueeasia in the fact that the animal heat of the whole maw of eggs' 'being retained by the basket, which is farmei ?f mfasbis^RbJefcide aotcoadmt salons. Is aufficlest to support the aahval lite of any one particular egg, aad to foster its development. This Is the' only ezg-batehlsg process I ever "heard of which did not require artificial heat." 