PRESIDENT GRANT ON PUBLIC SCHOOL : ' EDUCATION; . necessity op the education op the masses. We are a Republic where one man is as good as another before the law. Under Buch a form of government it is of the! greatest, importance that all should be possessed of education and intelligence enougn to cast a vote wim a of understanding its meaning. A'large associa tion of ignorant- men cannot for any consider able period; oppose a successful resistance to the tyranny and oppression from the educated few, but will. -inevitably sink into acquiescence to the will of intelligence! whether directed by the demagogue or- the priest-craft. Hence the edu- -Cation of the masses - becomes (if the first hecea- jity . for -the fpreseryatipn. . Pfl?,; in.8teitwtiona. They are worth preserving, becaose they have secured the greatest good to toe greatest pro portion of any form of government ydTMevisecL All other forms of government approach it just in proportion to thO general! diffusion of educa tion and independence of thought and action. Aa the primary step, therefore, to our advancement in all that has marked our progress in the past century, I suggest for your earnest considera tion, and: most earnestly recommend it,! that a constitutional amendment be submitted, 'to tho Legislatures of the 'several States for ratification, making it the duty. of. the several States to establish and for . ever . maintain ..free puhlio schools adequate.. to the' education of all the children in the rudimentary branches, withiir their respective limits,, irrespective- of ' sex, colour, birthplace, or religion, and. forbidding the use in said schools of irreligious, atheistic, or pagan text-hooks, arid prohibiting the gnmt- ing of any fnnds or school taxes, or any part thereof, either , by legislative,, .municipal, ,<>r other bodies, for- the benefit of any other object of any nature or kind whatever, ini connection with this important question. : I. would alto cafl your attention to the impoitance.of correct ing an evil that, if permitted to continue, will probably lead to great trouble in our land before the close of -the mneteenth century. pardinat Manning in Liverpool. ^Ad dressing a large congregation at St. Michael's Church, Liverpool, Carmnal Manning -spoke of the" act of consecration to the' Sacred Heart ordained by the Pope to be made by the faith ful as a request that 'they would ' pray for the world, which was cold and faithlesB--the, world which had dethroned the YicAr of Christ— the world which in the height of its injustice had seized upon that patrimony', ib.'which the suc cessor of Peter had reimiea' over the' tuiity of the flocks until now— tiie world., which was possessed at the moment with ' aUeh powers o£ mutual destruction, as if in the end' men were to shed blood as if they were the prpgenyof Cain, the first murderer — the world in which the laws of justice were trampled : upon— the world in which pride, avarice, and the lust of conquest governed those who ought to rule in justice and in peace. They were also told by this Holy Father, in his great charity, to prey for those who had not submitted to the sacrea decree of the Conncil of the Vatican. Catholics ought to pray for England, which was once the dowry of Mary ; what England once was England ought to be again — when the Angel of . the Holy Ghost had come down to destroy the perversities of human teaching— whien the good will of a noble-hearted people turned onto more towards the unity of the Churoh of God — and when they were imbued with a spirit of sorrow for the past and a spirit of reparation. QardiiiM Manning laid the foundation-stone of" a new church at Waterloo, near Liverpool, yesterday- His Eminence chose the life of St. Thomas of Canterbury as the theme of Ins discohrae; .'and spoke of the Saint as the 'champion', of' the Church against the temporal powef, And the upholder of true liberty of conscience; Commercial Morality.— At the last meeting of the Belfast Presbytery, the Rev. £) D.' Burn- side moved that tnen Presbytery ircqueat "the Moderator of Assembly to issUe a letter oh hia own authority to all the ministers of the Church, calling their attention to the great goodness of Almighty God in connexion ,with the present, harvest,, and. asking, them to, set apart an early Sabbath as a day of thanks to God for this great; mercy; The Rev. lYilluun Johnston considered that, while it was perfectly right to acknowledge God for His. goodness. in giving them an abundant harvest, they should at,- the ;same time humble themselves under God's hand on account of the depressed state of trade and commerce. It was " a time of great commercial depression, "and, he was ( sorry to say, a time when there was a fearful develop ment of commercial immorality. In London, Manchester — in fact, wherever they looked, they saw the most gigantic frauds. The commercial world was getting into a'state that was really alarming ; and the way in which men of high position were trading in bills.was equally alarm ing. . Many honest and honourable traders were losers by the gambling transactions of. others, with whom they were .associated. Wherever they looked, whether on . the .Continent or America, they . saw the same dishonourable dealing on the part of commercial men. -It was a fearful fact that the only men who -had kept themselves safe were those who had so little faith in commercial dealings that they -did no business at all. The words that Christ used in characterizing the last days were realized in the present day — " When, the Son of Man cometh, shall He find faith on earth ?" Things had now come, to such a pass that one hardly knew whom to trust in the community. When they thought of the number of innocent and honour able men who had been compromised and humbled in relation to commercial transactions, they should humble themselves before God, and pray that in His providence He might re vive the commerce of ' the. country, and put it \- on a sounder footing. Therefore, while' Second ing the motion, he thought that the Moderator . should be requested to. ask their ministers and people to humble themselves in reference to the great commercial depression. It will be the very irony of fate if we shonld send a naval expedition to the Dardanelles— this time not to help the Turk, but to punish him.' He thoroughly deserves punishment. The scandalous way in which he has treated his creditors,' the, .epical and even brutal in difference which he has shown for their interests —to tell them a deliberate lie on Tuesday, and ahd to confiscate the securities on the mortgage of which they had . lent him their money— are offences that merit eondign punishment. The latter offence, at all events, can hardly fail to lead to the intervention of the Powers. It was for a much smaller sum that England, France, . and Spain sent an expedition to Mexico in 1861, and compelled the Government .of that. State to assent to .the convention of Solidad. Manifestly the event of this week greatly, complicates the position in kthe East. The Powers which hitherto have most strenuously supported;the maintenance of Turk ish integrity will have small, reason, to do so in future. A State which is dishonest well as bankrupt, which steals as well as fails; can havo hofriends. . . . Matrimony is a ,word that 'ends wiihTmoney, It ODghVto peiih with it. 