THEATRE ROYAL. MR. TALBOT AS HAMLET. There was a crowded house at the Theatre Royal on Saturday evening to witness the re-appearance of Mr. Henry Talbot, the tragedian, after an absence from Australia of some seven years. The piece chosen for the initial performance of the engagement was "Hamlet," that grand tragedy which has been the delight and wonder of ten successive generations of mankind, and whose fascinating influence must be felt while there are men to moralise on the mysteries of life and death, and to sympathise with the everyday perplexities of their fellows, for the feelings and experiences of this prince of poetical philosophers are not peculiar to any age or time. Mr. Talbot is an actor of some merit, but he does not appear to much advantage in Shakspearian tragedy, and it is somewhat surprising that he should have chosen this piece for his first appearance. The merit of his performance of Hamlet is quite of the negative sort. He has no defect of figure, he does not rant, he delivers the text with clearness and exacti- tude, and he shows an intelligent appreciation of the meaning of the character; but, on the other hand, his voice is not sufficiently flexible to convey deep emotion or pathos ; he gives descriptions of the passions, not expressions of them and he has no spark of that feu de genre which is necessary to the portrayal of so exalted and impassioned a character as that of the Prince of Denmark. Mr. Talbot produced his best effect in such passages as that which occurs with Rosencrantz and Guildenstern in the second act, where Hamlet first assumes madness, and where there is no deep feeling or absorbing passion to be depicted ; but the soul-stirring soliloquies with which the play abounds were delivered much in the manner of an oration carefully "got off," and the first scene with the Ghost, and that with Laertes in the graveyard, were very flat In the closet scene with the Queen mother there were some good points, but Mr. Talbot failed to work it out with a continually increasing intensity of interest to the grand climax, in which the overwrought mind of the Prince pictures to him the spirit of his father, and insisting on the presence of the Ghost, he exclaims in the extremity of awe and wonderment, "Look where he goes even now, out at the portal " Mr. Talbot is distinctly of opinion that Hamlet's mad- ness was assumed, but the sudden changes of passion, the wild levity, and the startling bursts of humour, were not given with natural effect, and the mad scene with Ophelia, with its violence and passionate tenderness, was shorn of its charm. Altogether Mr. Talbot's Hamlet has too much hardness and dry precision about it, and he sometimes expresses violent emotion by pan tings and trembling in an objectionably artificial way. There are other lines of character, however, such as Sir Pertinax Macsycopbant, in which Mr. Talbot may gratify Melbourne audiences, and as he has engaged Mr. Pillars, an excellent delineator of Scottish character, who will shortly arrive, to appear with him in some other pieces, more pleasing efforts than that of Saturday night may yet be seen. The tragedy was creditably put upon the stage, but the dramatic personal were generally in the hands of a scratch team. Mr. Dampier's Ghost was very good, Mr. Harwood's PoloniouB is a respectable performance without any distinguishing merit, and Mr. Appleton made a dignified King. Mrs. Edouin Bryer as the Queen and Mr. Stuart Bolton as Laertes, however, were quite over- weighted. Mr. Gladstone played Horatio with the painstaking which always marks his performances, and the grim humour of the First Gravedigger in the hands of Mr. Greville was developed to the uttermost Miss Carey enacted Ophelia, one of those delicate Shakspearian creations in regard to which no one expects to see his ideal realised on the stage ; but Miss Carey's performance was one of considerable merit, and few better representations of the part have been seen in Melbourne. The performance of "Hamlet" will be repeated this evening. 