ST. PETER'S CATHEDRAL. By the report recently published of the Managing Committee for building the Anglican Cathedral gratifying proof was given that the work has made good progress. Enengh has now been done to allow of arrangements being made for providing thejneeessary furniture, so that the part of the Cathedral already built may shortly be formally opened. With the view of enabling the members of the Church of England and others who take an interest in the work to see what has been accomplished, and also what remains to be done, the Bishop arranged a short thanksgiving service, which took place on Thursday afternoon, March 30. A large congregation assembled,, including a number of clergymen and several leading colonists. At about half-past 4 o'clock the Bishopj the Very Kev. Dean Russell, and Archdeacons Marryat and Dove, and Canon Farr, members of the Chapter, having robed in the south aisle of the Sanctuary, proceeded to the temporary entrance at the south-eastern end of the Cathedral. The surpliced choir of 42 men and boys, headed by a few of the clergy, then entered, and a procession was formed, preceded by the Bishop's verger. As it moved up the centre nave the hymn, 297 "O Happy Band of Pilgrims," from the A. & M. Hymnal, was sung, Mr. A Landergan superintending. The Bishop having taken his position at a lectern placed at the entrance to the chancel, the Dean and Chapter and the choir formed on each side. His Lordship then offered the following prayer : —"Almighty and Eternal God, who in- the beginning didst create all things visible and in visible : Thou dwellest not in temples made with hands, seeing Thou fillest all things, and art present everywhere; we, Thine unworthy creatures and servants, whom Thou hast per mitted to bnild this house to the glory of Thy name, are here assembled before Thee to offer up through the mediation of Thy Son, Jesus Christ, our humble praises and thanksgivings for that thou hast prospered thus far the work of our hands upon us. Vouchsafe to sanctify us more and more to Thy service, and grant that all they who in the faith of Thy dear Son, by whom thou didst reconcile the world unto Thy self, gave of their substance to lay the founda tion of this sanctuary may be built up on that most boly faith; and that through Thy grace this house may be a continual witness to them and us in our daily work of Tby redeeming love; helping us to crucify the flesh with its affections and lusts, and drawing up our minds to high and heavenly things; so that among the sundry and manifold changes of the world our hearts may surely there be fixed where true joys are to be found through Jesus Christ oar Lord. Amen." The Te Eeum was next chanted, after which the Dean read the lesson, 1 Peter iL, 1-8. The Hymn 320 followed. The Bishop then said:— " Brethren—We are met together to offer our thanksgiving to the Father of our Lord Jesus Christ for that He bag permitted us to erect this sanctuary to His holy name. But' will God in' very deed' hear from Heaven His dwelling place, and have respect unto the prayers of ' His servants V Are not His eyes in every place, beholding the evil and the good, ' that He may reward every man according to his works ?' ' At sundry times and in divers manners' He! has declared Himself to man—Himself, *the same yesterday, to-day, and for ever.' 'He hath showed thee, 0 man, what is good; He hath required thee' to do justice, to love mercy, and waik humbly with thy God.' He has never left Himself without witness in that ' He doeih good, filling our hearts with food and gladness,' He has spoken of old to His saints; sometimes in visions, sometimes by dream, sometimes by the still small voice, sometimes in flames of fire, sometimes in argelic form, and sometimes in human shape. 'Be showed His ways unto Moses; His works unto His children of Israel.' His presence went with them through the wilderness. He oommanded a tabernacle to he made as the dwelling - place of that presence; and the glory of the Lord rested upon it by night and by day. He dwelt between the cherubim on the mercy-seat of the ark. From thence proceeded, in the Temple of Solomon, the living oracles of God, given to the High Priest in times of national distress. With drawn for a while- after the captivity, the Almighty presence appeared again in the living temple of Christ's body. 'Destroy this temple and i., three days I will raise it again.' A id whin that temple was taken from the earth another comforter, the Eternal Spirit, came to abide with the earth for ever. Now, through the Holy Ghost, wherever two or three are gathered together in Christ's name there God, as in His temple, is among them ' By Hia spirit the whole body of the Church is governed and sanctified,' and when we are gathered together in His name, God is very near la us, in the assembly of His people. ^Thus this place is a witness for God that He is not ' afar off,' for in 'Him we live and move and have our being.' Let this, then, 'be our devout convic tion, that so, in the midst of an unbelieving world, the symbol of the Cross lifted high on this Cathedral may remind as of our Lord's prophecy that by His Cross He ' would draw all men onto Him.' Having, then, in this faith through grace began this work, let us in faith carry it on to completion. A few years' perseverance in giving of our substance for this good purpose would accomplish all that we desire. Having put our hand to the plough let us not turn back. The weak things of the world have often been found to confound the mighty. The alms of the widow were counted exceeding precious in the eyes of the Lord. All, then, may contribute to the building of this sanctuary if there be but first a ' willing mind,' and God stir up the hearts of the people to offer as He has prospered each one of them. Give, then, freely, give cheerfully, give as.unto the Lord and not unto men. Make an offering, if you will, before you leave this place, or whenever, or wherever, or to whatever amount it seemeth to you good. And the Lord Almighty bless you. Amen." Hymn 307 having been sung. His Lordship closed the service by pronouncing the bene diction. Offerings were made by many who attended, and a hurge number of the congrega tion took advantage of the opportunity to inspect the Cathedral. As no collection has been previously announced, it is gratifying to learn that in addition to £20 guaranteed for a lectern of brass, £21 Is. 9|d. was received in the alms bags. The bags are a present from a young lady in England. 