THREE BRAVE MEN. Pretty Barbara Ferroi would not many. Her mother waa in consternation. 44 Why are you so atubborn, Barbara t" sheaaked ; 44 you Juve plenty of lovots." " But they don't anit me," said. Barbara, coolly tying her curls before. the mirror. "Why not "I want, when I marry, a man who is bravo-equal to any emergency. UI giro op my liberty, I want to bo taken care of." 4 Silly child I What is the matter with big Barney, the blaok smith t" " He is big, but I never learned that be was brave." " And yon never heard that he was not. What is the matter with Ernest, the gunsmith?" "He's as plaoid as goat'* milk." "That is no sign be is . ooward. There is little Fritz, the tanner, he is quarrel some enough for you, surely." _ He is no bigger* than 4 bantam cook. It is little he ootald So if the house wa« set opan by robbers." " It is not always strength that wius a fight,1 girl. It takfcs brains aa wall as brawn. Gome now, Barbara, give these three fellows a fair trial." Barbara turned her face before the mirror, letting down.one raven tresa and loop ing up another. " I will, Mother," she- said at last. That evening Ernest, the gunsmith, knocked early at the door. " You sent for me, Barbara V' he said, going to the girl, who stood upon the hearth, coquettishly warming one pretty foot and then the other. 4 Yes,' Ernest, she replied, I've been thinking of what you said last night, when yon were here." " Well, Barbara f' Ernest spoke quietly, but his dark blue eyes flashed, and he looked in tently. "I want to test you." "How?" " I want to see if yon dare do a very disagree able thing." " What is it?" Thore is an old coffin upstairs. It smells mould. They say Beamond.the murderer was buried in it, but they say the devil came for his body, and left the coffin empty, at the end of tbe week, and it was finally taken from the tomb. It is np stairs in the room my grandfather died in, and they say graodaire does not rest easy in his grave for some reason, though that I.know notbingsboat. Dare yoa make that your ted to-nijrht P" Ernest laughed. . "Is that #11? I will do that and deep spundly. Why, pretty one, did you think that I bad weak nerves!" " Your nerves will haw good proof if you undertake it.. Remember, no one sleeps in that part of the honse." ' "I shall sleep the sounder." "Goodinight, then. I will send a lad to show you the chamber. If you stay there all night." paid the impervious Miss Barbara, "I will marry you." "Yon vow it!" "I vow it." Ernest turned straightforward and followed tbe lad in waiting tbrongh the dim.rpoms .and. paasages, no echoing stain, along narrow damp ways, where rata scuttled before them, to a low chamber. The boy looked pale and acared and evidently wanted to hurry .away, bnt Ernest made him wait until he took a survey of the room by the aid of his lamp. It was very large and full of re cesses, with high windows in them, whieh were barred aoross. He remembered that old Orandsire Ferroa had been insane {or several years before bis death, so that this preoaution had been necessary for the safety of himself and others. In the centre of the room atood a coffin ; beside it stood a chair. The room was otherwise quite empty. Ernest stretched himself in the coffin, .' Be kind enough to Ml Miss Barbara that it's a good fit," said he. The boy went out and shut the door, leaving tbe gunsmith alone in tbe dark. Meanwhile Barbara was talking with the blacksmith in the keeping room. " Barney," said she, pull ing her hands away from his grasp when he would have kissed her,41 I've a test tto put to you before I give you an answer. There is a corpse lying in the chamber, where my grand site died, in the untenanted wingof the house. If you dare to sitwith it there all night, and' lot nothing drive yonaway from your post you will not ask me to marry you in vain." 14 You give me a light and a bottle of wine and a book to read?*' 44Nothing." "All these are the conditions you can offer me, Barbara 1" 44 AIL And if you get frightened, you need never look me in the face again.** 44 I'll take them, then." So Barney was con ducted to his post by the lad, who bad been instnioted in tbe secret, and whose volantary stare at Ernest's placid face as it lay in the coffin was, interpreted by Barney to be the natural awe of a corpse. He took his seat and the boy loft him alone with the darkness and the rats and the ' coffin. Soon after, young Fritz, the tanner, arrived, flattered ana hopeful from the fact that Bar bara bad sent for him. 44 Have you obanged ?our nind, Barbara ?" he naked. 44 No; and shall not nntil I know that yon can do a really brave thing." 44 What snail it be? I swear to satisfy yon, Barbara." "I have a proposal la make yoa My plan requires skill aa well as courage." 44 Tell me." 44 Well, in this houBo is a man watohing by a corpse. He has sworn not to leave his post until morning. If yon can.make him do it, I shall be satisfied that you are aa smart and brave as I require a husband to, be. 44 Why, nothing h so easy 1" exclaimed Fritz. I can scars him away. ? Furnish roe with a sheet, show me the loom, and go to your rest, Bar bara. You will find me at the post in the morning." Barbara did as be required, and saw the tanner step blithely away to his task. It waa then .nearly twelve o'clook, and Bar bara Bought her. own chamber. Barney, bad been sitting at his vigil, and . so far all had been well. Tbe night seemed very long, for he bad no means of counting the time. At times a thrill wont through him, for it seemed to him as if he .oould hear low, suppressed breathing not far away: but he persuaded himself that it was the wind blowing through the crevioea of the old house. Still it was very lonely and not at all cheerful. The face in.the coffin gloamed whiter through tbe darkness. The rats. squeaked as if. famine was upon them, and they smelted flesh. Tbe thought made him ehndder; He got np and walked about, but something^ made a noise, as if somebody was behind him, and he put his chair with the back to the wall and sat down again. Ho had been hard at work, and in spite of everything be grew sleepy. Finally he nodded ana then snored. Saddenl} it seemed as if somebody bad touohed him. He awoke with a start bnt saw nobody near, though in tho centre of the room stood a white figure. "Curse yon, get out of this I" he ex claimed in a fright, osing the very first words that oame to his tongne. The figure held up its right arm and slowly approaohsd him. He started to bis leet, Tbe spectre came nearer, pressing into a oorqer. "The devil take yon, cried Barney,' in' his great ertremity. . Involantarily he ftepp^d hack. Still ttotigatvadvanoed,- coming nearer end nearer, ana ettebding both arias.: The hjur started upon Barney? bead; he km* desppr ate, and, aa the gleaning arau would hare toushed him, he tell upon the ghost lika, a whirlwind, tearing off the sheet, thnmp^ng and pounding, beating anjl kicking, more and more outraged aa the reaiatanoe told fcimth* truth. Aa the reader tnowa, ho waa bis and Fritz waa little, and while pummelling the little tanner onmeroifully, ana Friti ni br to lnnge at Barney's jstomanh, to, take the windout of him, both .planning and.fcujdng like horaea.they Were petrified by .hearing . voice cty,-" Take one of your size, big Bar ney." Looking aronnd, tney aaw the oorpee aitting op is the coffin. This wastoo moah; they released eaoh other .and. eprang for the door. They never knew how they art oat; bat thty ran home in hsste, panting Ilka stags. It waa Barbara henell who came and opened the door upon Earnest next morning. "If* very early; one more littla nan" aaid he, turning over in his ooffin. So ahe married him, and, thoughahe sent Frit* and BtoAay invitations to the sredding, they did not ap pear. If they diaoovered the trick they kept the knowledge to themMlvea, and aural Svu lingly faoed Barbara's langhing eyes again." MmnnosHT PoHaaiom.--Professor Hollo way, who lately gave a snm ot £160,006 to . erect a nni vanity for women, hasqownveaan additional £100,000 to endow the institution. ROYAITY IN Pibil.-Bit Majesty had a narrow escape, on September 18,frotn assri. ona acoident whiUtdriving from Balmoral 'to Kildranimy Castle/a diatanoeof forty mQea. One of the honea attached to the royal oar riage fell when passing through Ballater. The others were With some difficulty nined ' in, and .the {alien horse springing to its feet was 4**hing off at great speed, when a Mooa inkn bonngeenily ran up lo'ifc, seited ihe bridle, and svooeeaed in sfonpiiig it. folrta nately no one was injured. . ' Geiat Stobh IN TH» yittaHTW.-A tele gram from Philadelphia, in dajted Septefnber 'ao, apeaka of am equinoctial aiprm of great Boveritywhioh ooourred on ^'pif'n- ' ber 17 along the American coast. ftfiTp Man 100 vessels wen wreoked, and many Urea wera lost. Disasters are reported from all parte of theooaat. The steamer Bebeoca, *f the Clyde, was wrecked on the Carolina jdsa^ and twelve lives were Ipst. Eight men .wer* drowned in Chesapeake Bay by the <»]g$pag of harget in tow rf £heateamer Jnamt#. . HINTS FOE Visitobs,-It la when we an temporally sojourning in the homes of other* that tact and good breeding tell. ItisdUSonlt to attain the art ot easily and gimcefnlly adapting oneself to any ciroomstanoes, ao as to be at home and agreeable whether all . things go to one's satisfaction or not. To be tborqnghly pleased with the arrangements that other make lor ua, after haying for . time abandoned onr own, is nest to imposrible. Henoe we pot it as the highest proof of being pleased that we ate perfectly «t lioiiM. Vest to being so is the honeat effort to make others feel that they are ao. It is the token of 4tns noblUly to make even the lowliest at ease in your presence. And Uie advent of auoh a wellbred person into the house of any family is soon fonnd to be . pleasure to -the old ana the yoong, while, on the other hand, the aba anil tones, and fidgets, and forgetfolneas of a discontented visitor, an enongn to .make a house wretched to all Its inmates. Some very unaorupulona peraon haa defined Chinese policeman as an " Asiatic collaret." A lady hearing that a tnnnal oost 8000 franos a yard importnned her huabaad to bay her dress of that material. A young man .was arrested the other day for stealing fifteen drama. Of eoiu* hs oonldn't keep such a thing as that quiet. ' An industrious wife is making a straw. hat for her husba&d; out of the straws used by Mm in his aherry-oobblers this summer. . GKOOBATKY AUD . Finamob.-tatg FWtor (examining the school)-"Whafa the papital of Turkey f" Bright ZiltU Scholar-"Please'm, it ain't got none j it'a: bankrnp' 111 "-Putuh. A MAX never gets throughly disgusted with love's yonng dream nntii he has given a: girl a ring, and three days afterwards dlsoovan that she has been to a jeweller to asoertaln its valne. "Does one woman in fifty fill the lowerpart of her lnngs with airt" is the stem enquiry of a medioal oontemporaiy. The editor of that paper never heard the voioe of aa^infuriated .mother-in-law. An epitaph in a country churchyard .reads t " Here lieth the body of Amy. itqor, who de parted this life Mann SO, 1782. finffioe it to say that she was as honest woman-the se cond noblest work of God." Two Highland skippen recently met on the qnay of Leitb, when one hailed the other with, " Well, JDonald, are you going tor to tail ttys nightt" "Perhaps no, and perhaps ybs," was the canny reply. Ono of the famous divoroe lawyers of New York, in hts advertiaement, says (-"Hy meneal incompatibilities as a speciality de licately adjusted. 'Tis alavery to detain the hand after the heart bath fled. Two gentlemen oalling at the honss of one who bore the name of Fish, and observing the portraits of the children of the family on the walls, one of them remarked to his companions "Sardines." " yes," replied the' other M little flahes done.in oil I" The Boaton Qlabe thinks it is nnkind to H i dicnle those items in the papa* about centen arians. It says it ia no easy thihg-to beoome ft oetatenarian, and it knows several who have failed-one partionlarly, who has' been at it ; ninety-seven years,.and has not suooeeded. I . 4'8obs," said Patrick robbing bis head with delight at the prospect of * pruent from his employer, " I always mane fo'ido duty." " I believe yon," replied his employer, " and shall i therefore make yon a present of aU yon. iiava stolen from me during the year." " I thank yon, your honor," rejoined. Pat, " and may all your friends and acquaintances treat your honor as liberally." 