? THE POSTBOY —The steamtag Sophia proceeded on Wednesday morning at daylight to recover the lost Fchoortr Postboy, taking with her the Receiver of Wrecks. The Fairy was keeping watch -over tbe sunken craft, so that there va> r.o difficulty in finding the spot. A telegram from Glenelg states that the Sophia has returned to the Port but it was uncertain whether the boat had been recovered. MCMECKAN, BLACKWOOD, & Co.—As is announced in our advertising columns, Messrs. John Newman & Son, Port Adelaide, have resigned the agency for this well-known steamship firm at Pert Adelaide, after holding it to the satisfaction of their principals and the public for many years. Mr. John Tumbull, late of Melbourne, will conduct the business at Port Adelaide after the end of this year, and Mr. Hughes will continue to act, but in his own name instead of that of the late Mr. Dai-went, as agent for the firm in the city. POET POLICE COUBT.—Mr. G. F. Dashwood, S.M,, disposed of two cases at the Port Police Court on Wednesday, December 20. One man bad to pay the usual fine for getting drunk, and Thomas Sheridan, a labourer, was ordered to pay 5s. for drunkenness and 10A. for disturbing tbe peace and good order of the Club-House Hotel. THE POSTBOY DISASTEB.—We are requested by Mr. W. L, Dickson, of Port Adelaide, to state that an influential Local Committee has been formed to receive contributions for relieving the relatives of all the unfortunate men who were drowned in the Postboy. The Committee's intention is to aid not only the widow and child of Captain Thomas, but all the needy kinsfolk of the deceased men. Circulars inviting subscriptions have been posted. NORTH ADELAIDE PRESBITERIAN CHUBCH.— It has already been announced that the Committee appointed at a recent public meeting have addressed an invitation to the Rev. A. Milne Jarvie, late of the United Presbyterian Church, Chalmers-street, Dunfermline, to undertake the formation of a Presbyterian congregation in North Adelaide. Mr. Jarvie had received urgent appeals to settle in Tasmania and New South Wales, but after full consideration he has expressed his determination to accept the invitation to North Adelaide. From the favourable impression already produced by the services which Mr. Jarvie has conducted, the friends of the cause anticipate that a prosperous congregation will be ere long formed in that part of the .city. ~ BRITISH AND FOREIGN BIBLE SOCIETY.—A meeting of the Angaston Branch of this Society was held in the Independent Chapel on Monday, December 18, tbe Rev. J. Hannay in the chair. The Treasurer reported that the sum of £i4 4s. 3d. had just beeen collected. Of this, it was proposed to send £18 to the Adelaide Depot on account of Bibles, and to forward £25 as a donation to the Parent Society. The Rev. J. Gillingham and the Secretary undertook to arrange for carrying on tbe business of the Depository iu a more central position in Angaston. The Treasurer's statement showed £17 in hand, with 140 volumes in stock valued at £19. Messrs. Gillingham, Clare, Davey, Morris, Salter, Smith, Leonard, Tresoowthiek, C. Holmes, J. Wishart. Tallack, and S. Kealley were elected Committee; Messrs. Salter and Holmes Auditors; and the old Collectors were reappointed. The proceedings terminated with the usual votes of thanks, proposed by the Rev. R. N. Morris, B.A. RLYEB NEWS.—Our Wentworth correspondent, writing on December 18, says:—"The Darling is now 12 feet 2 inches above the summer level, and falling 2 inches in twenty-four hours. It is almost impossible now for steamers of any heavy tonnage to reach Wilcannia. The temperature here on Friday last was the highesV, experienced since 1872, being about 113° in the shade. The Victorian Customs officer, Mr. F. B. Duke, who was stationed here since 1872, died on Sunday, the 17th inst. Mr. Duke, who had been in delicate health for some time, was universally respected both in his public and private capacity, as was fully testified by the large assemblage of people who followed his remains to their last resting-place in the Wentworth Cemetery- He leaves a widow and one child. MUNICIPAL.—The City Council will sit to-day as a Court of Appeals against the assessments; to commence at 10 o'clock. EDUCATIONAL.—The annual distribution of prizes to the pupils of the North Adelaide Grammar School will take place to-day in White's Room, and to those of Prince Alfred College in the Pirie-street Lecture Hall, COKCERT.—The East Adelaide Musical Society will give their fourth concert this evening in St. Paul's Schoolroom, THE LO-LO TROUPE,—This company, whiih hns just completed a very successful tour in the country districts, will open at White's Rooms on Saturday night next for a short season* CATHOLIC PICNIC.—We are requested to call attec'.'-on to the Catholic picnic, which is to take place at Woodville on Tuesday, December 26. JAPANESE FAHCY GOODS.—There is now on view at the Town Hall Exchange Room a large variety of Chinese and Japanese goods, which have been imported by Mr. M. C. Dalies per Echo, from Hongkong, comprising large verandah blinds, seasonable cane chairs, and suites of furniture, choice porcelainwaTe, silks, hmdsnme carved sandalwood, cabinetware, ivory ^oods. silver goods, jewellery, and a l&rge; variety of sundries, which are ail tastefully arranged 011 ta,b!es. The whole of these articles will be n >1<1 by auction, without reserve, by Messrs. Solomon and Salom this morning, and the sale is to be continued to-morrow. fVPBESix Cora m . — At yesterday's Ci«! liv ings of the Supreme Court the s oi Spai ^o v. 1he District Council of »Viilu:iia was" proceeded \n:h. Mr. Injjkby i-a.it:/ opened tli-; csss for the defendant?, avl;U-nj3 was esti]-.-.-.*., w-. at the requett of Jury -r. pjsfponed Us second address until this morning* FOI.T LOCAL COURT.—Kr. G. P. LVHWO- J, S.M., i.io.'dc.i at th3 Po:-l Local C ,.• Turf day, f«:bt.r I'-X when a Is.? a:;'- r- • • causes were dUpeKid of. EXHIBITION OF WOBKS OF ART,—Adelaide appears to be pretty well provided with merit3- riouB works of art either original or copied, and also with amateur artists of no mean pretensions. It is singular, therefore, that so little encouragement is afforded for the establishment «f an art gallery or even a periodical display of paintings. Now and then a collection of paintings and oleographs ie shown, and secures a.moderate attendance; but really only a cemparatively small number of persons of taste avail themselves of fee privilege, and rt is rarely worth while to tacur the expense of ee£ting together a good collection of the productions of leaiing artists. However, another opportunity is afforded lovers of art to greriify their taste is an -exhibition of oil and water colour paintings ' by eminent artists opened in the Town Hall' Refreshment-room on Tuesday, December 19, and under the direction of Mr. Wivell. The principal painting, and -cne which attracts the greatest notice from its-ezoellence as a faithful I representation of one 'of our finest suburban views, is a large oil-painting of the Waterfall Gully from the Moont 'Barker-road, by Mr. H. J. Johnstone. The Waterfall Gully has always been a favourite natural study for colonial artists, and numerous sketches of it have been shown; but Mr. Johnstone, who has made colonial scenery bis especial study, lias succeeded in giving perhaps the most natural and effective painting of tbat favourits resort, his picture bearing evidences of gieat skill and faithfulness in detail. That work alette is well worth the small amount charged for admission. The collection is not a large one, comprising about 42 pictures, including a few first-class oleographs and a number of copies in oil of standard paintings, notably three copies by W. H. Usher, a young artist of great promise. There are several of Mr. Johnstone's ' productions which have been noticed before, viz., •• Old Mates," "Fireside Reflections," and some colonial views, the best of which are two taken from the Onkaparinga, showing some of the prettiest points of tbe river. There are also some of Mr. S. S. Knight's studies of auim&U;, which were shown at the last Exhibition of the Chamber of Manufactures, and others painted by him by commission, and well worth inspection. The water-colours by Gibbs and Nelson are excellent, and an oil-painting—"William Tell in Prison"—by A. Wivell, sen., desarves mention as a superior work of art. The Exhibition altogether is full of interest for visitors, and should be well patronised. During the Exhibition the works of art will be offered for private sale, and those that axe unsold will be disposed of by auction. ST. PAUL'S DAY SCHOOL —The annual distribution of prizes at this school took place on Tuesday, the 19th, the Hon. J. C. Bray presiding. A private examination of the upper school having been made on the previous day by the Rev. F. S. Poole, M. A, the report of that gentleman was read, speaking favourably of the reading, writing, spelling, and geography, more doubtfully about the arithmetic, but praising th"- way in which the tables, both single and compound, were said. "In conclusion," said Mr. Poole, "allow me to congratulate you on the good work which your school is doing in the east end of Adelaide. The lady teachers who, for the love of the work, 'minister to the educational wants of these 'least of the disciples;' and the others connected with them in this work are, I believe, helping to solve the difficulty which the almost entire abolition of religion from our State schools thrusts upon the Christian philanthropist." Various specimens of sewing were exhibited, showing the care taken to fit the girls for domestic work. The prise-list was a long one, and in giving the prizes the Chairman expressed the pleasure it gave him to watch the progress of the school from year to year. The Dean explained that the number of salaried teachers is three; that all vacancies caused by the removal of ladies acting as voluntary teachers bad been readily supplied; and that the school had during the year increased in numbers and efficiency. Very deep regret was expressed at the approaching departure of Lady Musgrave, who had taken so deep an interest in the school and so active a part in its working. After singing by the children, " Scatter seeds of kindness," &c.;, cheers were given for the Chairman and the teachers, and the proceedings concluded with " God save the Queen." THE WEATHER IN KAPUHDA.—The Herald of December 19 says:—"The period from December 11 to 15 (inclusive) will long be remembered for the extreme heat by which it was characterized. On Thursday, the 14th, as mentioned in our last, the thermometer registered 114° in the shade at several places besides the Telegraph Station in Kapunda. On Friday, at about noon, the weather was apparently still more oppressive, the wind being like a hot blast from a furnace; but though Mr. Oldham's thermometer (which on the previous day had agreed with that at the Telegraph Station) showed the heat to be 115°, at the Telegraph Station the highest registered temperature was only 112°. It was currently reported through Kapunda on Friday morning that one of the new arrivals had died at the railway works from the effects of sunstroke, but after particular enquiries we have come to the conclusion that the report was untrue. Owing to the extreme heat the men were quite unable to work either on Thursday or Friday. Mr. Thomas James, of Kapunda, had a sunstroke on Friday, but' under the care of Dr. Blood he has now recovered. About 4 o'clock on Friday a terrific duststorm arose, which proved to be the prelude to a very welcome change— the south-west wind following immediately aftar, causing a fall of 12° to 15° in the temperature in less than an hour. The extreme heat evidently considerably affected the various animals, &c.;, of the lower order that were exposed to it. We hear that at Eudunda not only did the rabbits seek shelter in the haunts of men, but even the wild birds, which apparently had become stupefied, flew into tbe houses of the settlors—there to fall and die. Our Murray Flats correspondent writes of a similar state of things there." EFFECTS OF THE HEAT ON THE FEATHEBED TRIBE. — Travellers between Kalkabury and Moonta on Thursday last inform us (Yorke's Peninsula Advertiser) that they saw numbers of parrots beneath tbe trees that had fallen dead from the effects of the intense beat. Hundreds of birds perished in the vicinity of covered waterholes and tanks; and the smaller kinds with a strong instinct of self- preservation crept into holes in the ground, attempting to hide themselves from the intense heat of the sun. In and around Moonta also the feathered tribe fcuffered severely, scores of domestic fowls having yioldod up the ghost during the hoc westher that we had on Thursday and Friday last. ACCIDENT: SEAR HACK.AM.—AS Mr. C. H. Myles, J.P., and - Police-trooper Dechert were returning from Noarlunga on Saturday night. December 16, their horse shied near the top of the hill above R&ckham; and threw them bitu out of the trap, Mr. Myles falline on the trooper, whose ancle got fractured; but the former escaped without injury. CONVERSAZIONE.—'The session of the North Adelaide Literary Association was brought to a close by a very pleasant meeting of the members and some of their friends on Monday, December 18\. Tea was provided in the Lecture Hail adjoining the North Adelaide Baptist Church, to which about 50 sat down. The company afterwards withdrew into some of the classrooms, where scientific and mechanical instruments, with voltaic batteries and electric machine?, photographs, curios, chess, and draughts, helped to pas? away the time. Vocal and instrumental music added to the enjoyment of the evening. THE FINDING 01? THE SCHOONER POSTBOY.—At about fcalf-past 4 p.m. on Tuesday, December 19, the ketch Elizabeth Annie, on her way to Port Pirfe, called at Glenelg, and reported the discovery of the exact position of the illfat9d schooner Postboy. The craft lies in a position about six miles W.S.W. from the jetty, and the hull bears K. and S. About eighteen inches of the topmast is visible at low tide, and seeing fomethiLg appearing above water the master of the ketch sent the boat off to it, and grappled the object with the boathook, but the gear tiiey had made fast to parted. Net wishing to increase the dc'.-iy the captain ran into ta3 Bjy, aad r5{jciti;u the matter tc the r.uikoriths. STAGES AT POTT ADELAIDE.—We aro i^iormed iLat the Major of Port Adelaide bss a lett-..r fivrn t\e Government stating tbc.t the- En^noer of Harbour? and Jetties has been inducted to proc:-_-d with the erection of landing stages 011 the aide; of the Port stream for ferryboats to discharge passengers* A NOISY DISTRICT COUNCIL MEETING.—The meeting of the Lefevre'a Peninsula District Couneil on Monday evening, December 18, was a particularly stormy one. The unpleasantness arose in consequence ef the Chairman calling one unruly Councillor to order in language rather more forcible than polite. Tnis led to a very warm -discussion, during which, amid much disorder and -cries of * Adjourn, adjourn," the Council rose. On Teassembling after some slight measure of peace had been restored* discord once mere got the upper hand of the body, owing to Mr. Councillor Harris being ordered to leave the room. This he refused to do and kept his seat, even after some of the members had shoK-n him he was guilty by Act of Parliament of a misdemeanour and was liable to a heavy penalty.^ At this stage of tbe proceedings a thundering -Smock announced a deputation of ratepayers, -who set forth tbe desirability of making a Toad to the northward of the jetty. The subject of roads was forthwith discussed to the evident discomfiture of the majority of tke Councillors. It was asserted that the money of the ratepayers had been expended in making roads exclusively to the residences of Councillors, and it was shown that but a few months baok when Mr. Swan offered a ten-foot road through his property the Council refused to accept any thoroughfares unless of a width of 29 feet. At the time this was deemed a wise course, and in consequence of the decision Mr. Swan handed over the twenty feet and the road was formed. Under precisely similar circumstances, however, another road needed to bisect a Councillor's property was not only made at the public expense, but the Councillor affirmed his right to close it at any time he cho-e. This affirmation caused another noisy outbreak, in which the Council were openly charged with great partiality in expending the rates. At length the Chairman again brought the subject of the deputation before the members, and it wes promised the road in question should be attended to. THE HOT WEATHER RS MELBOURNE. —The Argus of Saturday, December 16, thus writes upon the hot weather of last week:—"The weather yesterday, as on Thursday, was most oppressive. The heat of the sun was intense, and a hot wind—like a blast from a furnace— was blowing throughout the day. The highest temperature in the shade registered at Melbourne Observatory was 110*7, which is the highest recorded in December during the last 18 years, the next highest having occurred on the 24th of December, 1868, when it reached 110. The highest temperature in the sun was 149*1°, which has been exceeded twice during the last 18 years—o& the 20th December, 1869, and 24th of December, 1868, when the temperature was respectively 151'8° and 151*1°. Messrs. Kasner & Moss inform us that the thermometer banging within the entrance of their shop in Collins-street registered 104° in the shade, this being the highest reading for tbe last 17 years. From its position their instrument always registers considerably below those of the Observatory. During the time they have been registering tbe following are the readings whic'a most closely approximate those of yesterday:— 101° on January 20 and 21. 1875; 100° on December 22, 1871 ; and 100° on January 14,1862. Early in the evening the wind went round in a southerly direction, and there were signs of a thunderstorm, which, however, passed over without breaking in full force. A little rain fell later, but did not cool the atmosphere much. The intense heat appears to have extended over the greater part of this and the adjoining colonies. At Echuca the thermometer reached 157° in the sun, whiie at Horsham, in the Wimmera district, the maximum temperature in the shade was 113 Q At Geelong the thermometer indicated 95° in the shade and 121° in the sun at 1 o'clock, and 100° in the shade and 125° in the sun at a quarter to 4. A thunderstorm was experienced shortly after 6 o'clock, but the evening continued sultry till after 8, when a cool breeze set in. At Adelaide it was 114 2° in the shade." THE ALL-ENGLAND MATCH AT SYDNEY.— Regarding the late ALL-EngJ^nd match the Sydney Morning Herald Writes:—" Such a victory deserves to be written in letters of living fire in the history of Australian cricket. Our men had an uphill game to play, and played it, too, in the face of a good deal of bad luck. During the second innings seven bowlers were tried by the Englishmen, six of whom had more than one attempt. The manner in which the two young University players, Pewell and Garrett, wielded the willow under the most trying circumstances entitles them to the highest praise. Towards the close of the innings the Englishmen appeared to exhibit more symptoms of funk than did the batsmen, and the manner in which at times nearly one-half the fieldsmen started in pursuit of the ball pointed to the conclusion that they were losing their heads a trifle. All this is to be excused, for the excitement on all sides was intense. We cannot close these remarks without adding a word in praise of Coates, the New South Wales captain, for the discrimination which h3 showed in sending his team to the wickets in the second innings, and hiB wisdom in retaining such men as Thompson and Powell until the close of the innings, when the game was at Its most critical point, must be generally acknowledged. When the excitement had somewhat subsided the two teams, with the officials and others, adjourned to the luncheon pavilion, where the President of the Association, Mr. R. Driver, M.L.A., proposed the health of Lillywhite and his team in champagne. Before the toast was acknowledged he should like to say a few words aE to the unfair treatment accorded to Jupp (Hear, bear.) Whether Jupp made a mistake or not he did not pretend to say; bat he believed that the whole of his decisions were given in an honest straightforward manner—(cheers)—and he hoped when he left this colony he would put the recent thoughtless demonstration down, not to New South Wales, but to a noisy crowd who knew no better. (Hear, hear.) Lilly white, in responding, expressed his belief that in the return match the A.E.E. would be in better form, and would win the encounter." THEATRE ROYAL. — A rather limited but appreciative audience attended at the Royal on Tuesday night, December 19, to laugh at the jokes of the Fakir ef Oolu and be mystified by his clever illusions. Some of the conundrums so gravely and growlingly propounded by the sententious Leo were very amusing, and two especially good ones were the solemn queries—" Why is the Fakir of Oolu a cruel, hard-hearted man?" " Because he leaves his daughter without support;" and " What is the difference between the Prince of Wales and tho fairy fountain?" " One is heir to the throne and the other is thrown to the air." Madame Silvester sang " Scenes that are brightest" very sweetly, aud Mrs. Empson's singing secured an encore. The so-called comic duet, " The bashful lover," was chiefly remarkable for its absurdity, and a more amusing and less ridiculous piece might with advantage be substituted, especially as the piece referred to does not permit justice to the merits of the performsrs, who are capable of a higher class of comedy. EXTRAORDINARY DEATH.—The police authorities were informed on Tuesday evening, Decem- ber 19, that a market gardener named Adolph Seigmund was found lying dead under a heap of manure on the side of the Mitcham-road about a mile and a half beyond the Mitcham Hotel. It is supposed the unfortunate man had gone to sleep on the top of his load, and the horses had taken the vehicle off the metalled road and gone over an embankment, upsetting the cart and throwing the occupant and the manure out. When Seigmund was found only his legs as far as his knees were visible, and on inspection he was found to be dead. It is supposed he either broke his neck or was stunned by the fall, and afterwards got smothered by the weight of the manure. The unfortunate man was only a mile and a half from his home when the accident occurred. An inquest will most probabIy be held to-day. FIRE NEAR JAMESTOWN.—An inquest was held at Jamestown on December 15, by Mr. G. B. Yeates, J.P., to enquire into the cause of a fire that broke out in Mr. Williams's grass paddock, near Jamestown, on Deeembor 14. Air. C. Gregory was chosen foreman of tha Jury. IT appeared from the evidence that smoke was seen, RISING from the paddock on the day in question, and it was, with the assistance of neighbours, after dcitg cons^derp.BLE DAMAGE, put oat. TJIO Jury returned the fo'JcT7>NE VERDICT—" -'hat there i£ no EVI^C^CC to show LEV TB.3 the ovidnated. and THAT there h no CAUS? whsdersr for G'JS -K-iCiJ. ' 