TUB CLOSING SCENE. Like norms tanned run per. In lil n hour of t Wiitin all tim IIUMH ure look I UK brown nml bare. Tho grey burn», looking from their liney hills, OW thu <Iuu watara widening (fita valen, ' All sight* were mellowed mid nil sounds subdued, The hill* neo ni od farther »nd tho stream* sung low, AH In a dream a distant woodman howori ills whiter log with many a muflí od blow. The embattled forests, tiru w li I lu armed with gold, Thu banner hrlKht with urury martial hoe, Now stood liku HU mu ho Meir hont of old. Withdrawn a fur lu Time's? remotest hluo. On nombre wing* tho vulture tried his Hight ; The dove «curco heard his singing mulo* complaint : Anil like >i star, sion- drowning I» tho light, Tho vlll«tio church vano seemed to pulu and faint. Tho lontinol cock np lu the hillside crew 111* nilen boru sud then w.w hoard no more, Whero erst (he Joy, within the elm's tull crust, Mude garrulous tmulilu round bor nniterigud young ; And wit« u tho oriolu «wütig bur mviiylng nest, Jly every light wi UK liku u ournie r awong. - When saug the nuhy martins In the cave», Tho busy swallow* circling over near Foreboding tu tho rustle mind believes, Alt curly hirveitunri a plenteous year. Where every hird that waked the vernal fount Shook the sweet stnmbi'i' from lt* wings ut muni, To warn the reamur nf thu rosy eiwt Auil itu»' was snnlesH, empty, and forlorn. Alone, from out the stubble piped the qutill, And cru.ik.ul thu crow through all the dreary gloom ; Air mu the phusaitt, drumming in thu vale, Made echo 1» lim di-titjcu to thu cottage loom. There WAS no nod, no bl:om upon thc bowers, Tim Kpldum univ.-il th«lr thin shroud nihill hy night, Tho thistledown, tho only ghost of Howers, Halted slowly hy-passed noiseless outof sight. Amhl nil this, In thia mott dreary air, Ami where thu woodbine shed* upon tho porch Its crimno,i leave«, a« If the year Mund (here, firing tho lt.tor with Its Invertud tor:h. Amid ntl thin, thu contre of thu neeiiu, Thu whitu-hutrctl mutton, with monotonoim tread, Piled tho swift wheel, and with her Joyous mien Sat like tutu nod watched thu Hying thread, ?ibo bad known sorrow. Ile lind walked with her ; Oft supped, and br«ike willi her the uMiou crust. And In the dead leave« shu stilt heard the stir Uf his thick mantle trailing1 in thurina. While yet tier cheek was bright with hummer bloom, lier country Mimmnneri and OM gave tier ill ; , And twice war huwLri t<> her lila suhle plume lteguve tho sword to hang upon tin« wall, llegavu tho sunni, but not tile hand lint drew And Mruck for liberty the dying blow : Xor him wlui, to hi* «ire and emin try true, Pell mid the ranks of thu Invading fou. Long, hut not loud the droning wheel went on, Ultu that low murmur of a hive at noon ; Long, but m»t limit, Mm memmy m* thegoim ltn.-uili.td through bur IlpH a mid and tremulous tone. At htH tho tlueatt was snipped, tier henri winnowed , Uíe dropped tho dispilf through ber hands nereiiu ; And loving iielghliourn guinn thud lier o ireful Stroud, While ile.itb and winter doned thu autumn scene. 