0 ^J^s&yrkk; ^m&a; * \$r IS f 'wiSV, ~*SiWmlll - » 'WIM -$tJM. xSqAJ l-/!*^l ^kc The first racing event to follow on» the V.R.O. Spring Meeting was the meeting of the Ballarat Turf Club, on November 24 and 25. On the first day, the first item on the card was the Hurdle Race, for which four faced' the starter, and Welshman was made the favourite, but he had hot the ghost of a show with Alice Hawthorn, who took up the running before they had gone a mile, and coming on at her own pace, she won in a canter. The Telegraph Stakes attracted a field of eight. The start was a very straggling affair, but the finish was a very interesting one, the favourite juBt pulling through from Mark and Croesus. The five on the card put in an appearance for the Cup. Old Huntsman cantered home a very easy, winner. Five came to the post for the Tally-ho Cup, and ./Eneas and Colossus, whowere the most fancied, were first and second. * Mr. W. Pender, who rode Mistake, received a naBty fall, but1 fortunately was not seriously injured. The day's sport wound up with an uninteresting Trot, which was won by Teviot- beating Conquering Hero, Polly, and King Codger. Next day, the first event resulted in a walkover for Bezique; who was bought in at the \ipset price. Only three came to the post for the Flying Stakes, and odds were laid on Sheriff, who had no difficulty in settling the pretensions of his two moderate opponents. On being submitted to auction the. winner realised £110, £70 of which went to the funds of the club. There was a fair amount of speculation on the Ballarat Handicap, Sweetbriar having the call, but he was never in the hunt, for Hales on Croesus jumped off in front, and never being headed, won very easily by a length from Volo. The Steeplechase proved an exciting affair,, and the victory of All-Fours was received with loud cheering by the public. Only four faced the starter for the Bo wen Handicap, and Croesus was made the favourite,- but the start was not a good one, and CroesuB losing more ground through slipping, he was left in the rear for some time. Hales, however, gradually made up his ground, and inside the distance he was in front, with Nonsense on his quarter. The grey maintained a slight advantage until within a few strides of the post, when Nonsense gamely answered Davis's call, and won a splendid race by a head. This brought the meeting to a close. The Bendigo Jockey Club Spring Meeting was held on November 29 and 30. The first day the Handicap Hurdle Race was won by Jack's the Lad, the Epsom Han dicap by Meteor, the Sandhurst Cup. by Volo, Exile being second and Sunlight third. The Selling Race fell to Stranger, arid Alice May won the Handicap Trot. Next day Meteor won the Flying Handicap, and Nonsense the Steeple chase. The Bendigo Handicap was won by Volo, Impudence and Dalesman being second arid third. Burnewang was winner of the District Plate, and Hindoo of the Time Han dicap Trot. , The Murrumbidgee Turf Club Spring Meeting was held at Wagga. Wagga on the 6th. 7th, and 8th of December. His Excellency Sir Hercules Robinson was present, with Lady Robinson, and there was a capital attendance. The first event on the first day was the Mares' Produce Stakes, which was won by Swiveller, and the Selling Stakes fell to Melbourne. Next followed the Wagga Gold Cup, for a gold cup, value 100 sovs., presented by Mr. John Cox (depicted in another page), and a sweepstakes of 10 sovs. each, 5 sovs. forfeit for acceptors, with 1000 guineas added The race was an excellent one. We give a description of the finish. After passing the bend Melbourne showed in front, New Holland, Mountaineer, and Sterling being in close attendance, while Sibyl, Killarney, and Aconite were still in the midst of the ruck. Rising the slight incline New Holland's leg gave way, and Sterling tackled Melbourne and Mountaineer, and having them both safe at the turn, he galloped home an easy winner by two lengths. A slashing race occurred between Melbourne and Mountaineer, ending in favour of the latter by half a length ; Killarney was fourth, Sibyl fifth, and then. came Saladin, Rataplan, New Holland, and Beeswing,1; the laBt lot being composed of Huntsman, Don Alfonso, Snowden, and Terror. Time, 3m. 35s. Next followed the Maiden Plate, won by Fernhill, and the Selling Hurdle Race, which: was a victory for Counterjumper, finished the first day's racing. The next day the Grand Stand Handicap, of ,300 sovs., was won by Mr. J. Austin's Fisherman, Killarney and Saladin being second and third. Mr. Goyder's Eversley won the Hurdle Race, and'the All Aged Stakes were a prisse for Quebec. The victory of Fisherman in the Flying Handicap concluded the day. The first event on the third day was the Town Plate, a handicap of 500 sovs., which was won by Mr. Tait's Mel bourne. The Prince of Wales Stakes were carried off by Right Bower; Uncle Ned won the Steeplechase, and Aconite, by, winning the Forced Handicap, brought the races to a conclusion. ? . ? The All-England 'Eleven; after landing at Adelaide, remained there for * a week, and during their stay they played their first match against twenty- two! on the 16th, 17th, and 18th November, and defeated1 their opponents with great ease in' one innings, scoring 163 to South Australia's 54 and 65. Shaw, got 14 wickets in the -first innings. The Eleven arrived in Melbourne on the 21st/ult., and left for Sydney — where they commenced their next match — on the 27th.1 During their stay in Melbourne they practised as closely as the state of the weather would allow, and their ' form'^especially the bowling, whioh is the strong point of the team — was generally admired. At Qcdnev they played a closely-contested match with a team f Fifteen. The match excited the utmost interest, and it waa computed that 15,000 people witnessed the third day's 1 v The Eleven in their first innings made 121, and the fifteen made 81. la the second innings the Eleven made IOC and at the time when stumps were drawn at the end f the third day's play, the New South Wales men had made 123, with three wickets to fall. The game was r timed on the 13 bh inst., and its conclusion was watched with intense interest. The result was a victory for New South Wale3 by two wickets and three runs to spare. The triumph of the colonial team waa hailed with tremendous enthusiasm. The Eleven will play against Victoria on the Melbourne Cricket-ground on Boxing Day and the two following days, and their doings are looked on to with the utmost interest. 