THE LOUNGER. I suppose that it is a recommendation in the Court of Hymen to be well built. At any rate, the mau who has been advertising in a morning journal for a wife, appears to think so. lie says that he is " educated and well built, has been a great traveller, and has a tolerable livelihood aud menn9,'' nnd he wests a respectable female nbout forty I (Object, matrimony.) She must bo good-tempuied, nud possessed of property or cash. A widow would not be objected to, if without incumbrance. Hal I wouldn't be the po-iimin that has to carry that chap's lultc-s for a trifle. Aged 40 1 Won't all the old maidens, who have been sighin; these twenty years for a mate, cick their eyes over this advertisement I 1 believe you. Not too Into oven yer, liinis this considerate, well- built gentleman. Jilesa him ; let us hope ho bags a tcuder dove to flutter 'gainst his lonely, well built breast, and thnt she shall neither dye her hair, nor wear fnlso teeth, nor patronise pn:eut palpi tutors, but shall be genuine and substantial from crown to sole, and that, in due course she shall give to the world, nu.i her well. built, lord, any amount of well-built oiive branches, to the perpetua tion of the striking figure of their father, I should like to look nt that gentleman through a powerful microscope. Mr Samuel HopkitiB, of Walhnlln, has queer notions of comfort. Ho tells us that Emma Bennett, who, it will be remembered, died on horseback on her way to Toongnbbie, was propped up in the saddle by means of a bag of chaff, and that every moans was taken for her eomf.-r-t, Notwithstanding these charit able measures, the obstinate creature gave up tho ghost. It ma; be questioned whether it was altogether ii eomfortuble tiling to be propped uu by a big of chaff, and whether it was either wise «r decent to send a poor devil, already halt. lead from exhaustion, ou n long, n went-y jou-uoy, so propped up in the saddle. But different men, different notions, and Mr Hopkinsou has Spartan notions ou tho subject of comlrrt. I shouldn't wonder now, if ho coul-1 cat his chop without sauce, or go to bed, once iu a way, without a night- sap. A joiirnnlisV of the Lrnngor typo, relates a story, which is not without a parallel, that moat country visiloTS to town can call to mind '.'Two gentlemen, whom 1 shall call Noddy aud Tommy, had a frieud from tho country iu town ehis week, whom in a burst of geuerosiiy they i.iviied to see life iu Wellington, at their expense, by accom panying them to tho lit at tho opera. At atartiiig for the theatre, Noddy negleetod to provide ilium-ill with money, trusting to bor row what would be sufficient from Toddy, Utifortunat- ly, Toddy had also set out filled with the same philanthropic idea. Conse quently, wlien t hey gut near tho pay box, a mutual explanation took place, ami they had to borrow enough from their oouutry friend to take them into the theatre, and to provide mult aud spirituous refreshments iu thu intervals. ' Spirit of hospitality, how are thy rites abused I' " 