THE FORTHCOMING MUNICIPAL EVENT. TO THE EDITOR OF THE MERCURY. Sirs-I see by your paper of this morning, that the above contest is likely to prove an exciting affair, there being no less than seven entries and as I take' a considerable interest in these races, perhaps you will kindly allow me a small space in your columns to say a few words in respect to the merits, or otherwise, of the dogs likely to come to the post. With your permission, I will take them in the order in which they appear in your columns. First then comes Waxy by Birdy, out of Mousey. Regard- ing this little creature, I need scarcely say that he will not stand the ghost of a chance, without it be to drive all the others before him, not having one single point to recommend him, without it be assurance, and could only have been entered by his nominators as a joke, or a play on his vanity and concert for they must surely know that he would be nowhere without it was in case of a walk over, which I am glad to say is not the case in this instance. I will consign him to a long way down the bottom of the poll and pass on to the next in order, which I find is old Spuds. This is a game old ring, and will run true and honestly ; he has good bottom and will keep well up, should he not be first at the winning-post, he will run a neck and neck race with the first horse. Next in order comes Rusty Nails, a very likely little animal, who I shall be glad to see brought to the post, as he is one of the sort required to maintain the character and integrity of the Corporation Turf; and without he belies his training his supporters will have nothing to dread, as he is sure to be placed among the winners. Now comes Dnubcr. This old nag needs not much comment, as we are all pretty well acquainted with his performances. I think his previous running has much to commend him, and although he is not quite so smart looking as some are, yet for his perseverance he should rank amongst the winners, a fact which I think Thursday next will demonstrate. Next in order comes New Chum. I have considerable hopes of him he is imported, but none the worse for this, as we want an infusion of fresh blood, as the old is getting worn out and certainly not improving. He is aged, and although his tooth-mark has disappeared, yet he is smart on his pins and likely to prove a dangerous opponent ; he is determined to make a bold struggle for the front, at all events, to save his distance if possible. Blow Hard next commands my attention. There is too much of the Suffolk Punch about him he is rather heavy about the head and legs, and in no way likely to make a show to the front, but will keep Waxy company, far and away out of the running. I have now come to the last on the list Erin go Bragh. This has been a very smart bit of blood in fact is still, and were he shot ter in the tooth, would prove a formidable rival ; but age, like blood, will tell, and I fear he has too much of the former to carry to be relied on, especially should the course be heavy, and hard work to be done ; although there is, doubtless, lots of pluck, and the will good and strong, yet I fear the flesh would be found wanting to back it up. a However, I will leave his supporters to form their own opinions on this important point, and will now briefly place the competitors as they are likely to come to the winning-post, which is as follows: - Rusty Nails 1st Old Spuds. 2nd Dauber . 3rd NewChum . 4th Erin go Bragh.,. nth Blow Hard. 6th AVaxy, a bad. 7th. Yours faithfully, and SOLD SPAVIN. 