NEWS AND "MITES. The Talbot-Leader understands that Mr Gillies has definitely declined to seek reelection as representative in Parliament of Maiy borough, or as the district is now designated, Maryborough and Talbot. He has resolved on selecting Rodney as the scene of his electoral exploits, where, it would appear, the atmosphere is more politically congenial. Mr O'Farrell has' also decided not to stand, and tlie candidates now are—Messrs Stewart, Bowman, . C. Simson, Fraser and the local town lerk, Mr L Andrews. The Sport, in referring, to the marriage of Count Augustin Branicki with Mdle. de Stolphine, relates the history of two sapphires forming part of the family jewels of the bridegroom. One of them ,was given "to Jean Sobieski, King of Poland, when in 1683 he was called to the, aid of Austria, and delivered Vienna, then besieged; by 'Kara Moustaplia, whose baggage and treasure had been sacked. The Sranikis became allied to the Sobieslds by marriage, and thus .came into possession of tliis precious stone. The other was purchased 18 or 20 years ago, by tlie mother of the present Count" Branicki. It was obtained from the plunder of a Hindoo temple after the taking of Delhi during the Sepoy revolt.. The sapphire Jiad formed the navel of the divinity. When - sold, a condition was imposed that it should not appear in England for -a certain number of years. That period having expired at the moment of the last Exhibition.in London, the jewel was shown,therę. The two gems were, alse seen four or five years ago at tlie marriage of one of the nieces of Count Branicki. They are both of the size of a five-franc piece, and have no known equals. The commercial value cannot therefore be estimated. , ' The .Emperor of Russia, says a telegram dated. November 11th, in a speech deliyered at Moscow, said that he ardently wished for a conference to discuss Eastern affairs, andie had agreed to the proposal which had'been submitted with that oh-. ject; iiut if he oould not obtain rightful guarantees, he was determined to act .independenfly, and he, was sure that • the By the latest telegrams fro e learn that the Eurl of ft™ he Lord Mayor's b^quluK'?'« esponding>to the toaste J " H ^ H h inisters," said that the P &Jest; ?' eni,l imed at the maintenance of i «> lso sought to amehorate th ^ ^ he Christians in' the i urkish rule, while a t X f ^ ^ olding the integrity and in/' u i' urkey, and the o b s e S o ^ oi the f Paris. The conference on theEastemoue^if 011^ he powers had accepted in 1 ""' England especially, he siid r " l|: *-T of peace, though none wouM K pared for war if the ^ were endangered or the emp"rJ - berti « Sullivan the New Zealand _ ne i Shborhood River Murray. 1 M ti, In a despatch to Lord Ai^ the « English 1? 1.' L ambassador , . ^ at Sf "StUs'l,;.. P ~ , Ji dated October 30, the Earl f T? rii "- r - views the action of the Brkhhr."- m#»n+ ment, and confirms the . (jiiv,_ the Czar had proposed the ^ - Herzegovina by Au^triT H'ITJ 3^ to concur in the proposal. He haj ount Schouvalofi; the £„,...-„ n England, that despite the ation, public feeling in hange if it was once believed 1 oul was menaced. 1 -> T h ® ITO , 01 ma <"ket is stronger •, • re still advancing Thr> r, toMtoSdperlSibri^^ :l to those of the February s^es The following chants of unannounced. Sir Antbouy jrl' ™'' t5 present Governor of Sou-.h AS' been appointed to Jamais , j W. Cairns will be , government of Queensland ', South A u s W i . V a ^ " sent Governor of H-m- Kn^ - • Mr Cairns in Queens]^ Hennessy proceeds rn W.' \- Jlr P 'J Th collector of Customs i has made the discovery tint 1 Queensland properties of the bark of Z lu ^ actual experiment has bt „Cf 1 efficacious as a tannic M bark. Mr Gordon had a muntitr bark transmitted to a s.jutE\ 0 1 J the purpose of testing ,tl preparation of leather Th7 J f been most satisfactory He 1„ two specimens of leather r • the same hide by t C ^ ^ by tlie mangrove bark,^^' pears and ,s prou,unceJ ^ ™ . A ParKameutary return circs tle I lowing details of the est of the- crj of Government-house and the 1 additional buddings, stables, ic I'l'rl f 14 > m > ho,ise^ fountains, and entrant ij ; making a total costof i-li,!,3 winch, with thecostof funmurRuining to £14,(m, gives a total of £ly;J An awfully sudden death occurrd Daylesford on Sunday alienor,. I Dolphin, wife of tlie proprietor Daylesf.ird Urenery while sittint- un besideher husband, leaned backiiJalml instantaneously expired. Great taction is expressed at tlie actum oi I Government in removing tlie curJ from the district, as, before au in,joes o be held, the coroner resiilinrr ar Casfl maine or Creswick. .„„a & sdoc r| causiug great delay. TnJcr the circiT stances an inquest will not he held to -l'j'jiTow afternoon. A very melancholr and fifal aceidont j curred on Saturday aftertomi, btti| \\\'attle street and Forest street, near bark gully (says the lir,ij[,j,, Adnrtis-i girl named l«!ia Jiurrismi, a-ed nine \ wbo was emjiloytd as a imvse girl"., neigh! ior ui her parents, vent with charge—a baby in arms—to a waterhole i commenced ciaynshing. Avonnpbor along with her.' Whilst eagerly vatchin;J lines to see if they were " ]iuUinj. :; slipped and fell witii the baby in her : into the water. The hoy jumped in i rescued the baby, «avj the akra plunged in the hole again to endeavor to the girl. He succeeded in finding the hi] which had sunk, anil brought it to the J of the hule, where it was eagerly gn;]«J I a numher of women, who hail niiue.i I sceue. Hut, uufartuuately, all tno k;e,J when the girl was laii'leil she gave<>nt i vulsive gasji and expired, The [wor ierea mother of the deceased gave vent ty auguish iu most heartrending and the scene was pninful in the extreme. J The " new disease" in sheep, irfcic'all of late excited so much interest. ^ 4 being inquired into. Jlr ArchibsJd Pa| M.R.C.V.S., h.-is written to Atr (' Mitchell, M.R.C.V.S., andifrEi^ son M'fvor, agricnltnral cifiK5i,'A?tj ing the results of certain which he has recently made, the disease is typhoid fever, and that lfl contagious. He inoculated a d^rithf iirus, and the result tras that the ami died in ninety-seven Louis fnmi Hi poisoning ; the same risults foik"«l I periirents made upon pit's. Mr Pi quotes numerous instances in which j disease had spread from a tew iniec| sheep through a whole thick, aud case 1,700 died out of 2,000. The si| dying from the disease were not aD >4 low condition, for across ilie borocr. j South Australia, where only a "i«" yet infected, many of them were, other respects, perfectly healthy andaaf Messrs Mitchell and M'lvr haVc iS tested the point as to whether the JBI is contagious by inoculating rabbits, ul which died in from twenty-four IM® J three days. They are convinced m! I disease is one long known in the the "Cumberland disease,''and has spread so alarmingly this y to the peculiar nature of the si water used in many of the holes M stagnant through the long drougi Messrs Mitchell and M'lvor are still p ceeding with the analysis of the bM| > test experiments, and propose to number of localities in wliich the <h» first became apparent, in order to re® all doubt as to its origin, and to s»?? the best means to be adopted for its» cation. —Telegraph. Respecting the wealth of Cari Antonelli, whose death was rect'i® the submarine telegram of Monday, French papers state that it isgenen reckoned at fiom fifteen to t™ millions, without speaking of Lis ^ lion of ancient and valuable whicli represent at least a million » half. The Cardinal _ .. . one oi ti finest assortments of precious which exists in Europe ; diamond" forms and of the purest water, mcomp able emeralds, pearls, and unknown size— " a veritable Linen treasure. Then unique pieces ;es of 10 cryptal, some fine pictures, tlie — rid" , lace, and admirable tissues of ® , periods. Fortunately the cardinal nephews. " Terrible sufferings have been cipą encedin the richest parts of Lura, 40,000 Rtiopii are distributed week, C ^ f t Sea Island labor question oh Wednesday morning m a «"Łpected manner at the Melbourne xAen a Fijian native lad, named ^ charged with deserting the Jdsernce of his master, a Mr Ga®p, 1 c Yaria. The prosecutor being o£ Sou tli Vana. absent town, the boy was remanded from from m™, torn ^ ^ Q Butters in- j S l f f h S that the prisoner h,d • •ffl liis Fiiian servants at his residence, "ftdEtated that his time of service £ colltted. and ^that he had been r^vJout of Ins employer s house, vath- The lad also told his fel- ,^-SHtpto that he had been half JaTbadly clothed. Mx B^rs ded that' the illusage of these Łknders .the fruitful source of reprisals by the Sves,who revenged their countrymen's M ' J wron,r S bv brutal murders. STb^A^SS^ that, the prisoner did „ot appear to have been Sly treated. He was sleek and well T7,;„a Mr Buttters applied .on the Ws behalf for bail. Mr Burt, Zjv Crown Prosecutor in Fiji, trusted - jhat 1 " the prisoner L: would vroiilri TlrtT.. not lu> locked up, 'in. as : the natives of various South Sea Islands have ą liorror of being confined, and would rather, ^dt" suicide than be put under restraint. łlr Bart remarked that Łe was L»ttiinnnication with theGovernmentof rte islands with respect to the illegal manner in which.the natives were treated in some of these colonies. The "North-Eastern Ensign writes : « There is at present a plethora of mtend- ; n» Ciiadidates for the electorate of Delate. Besides Mi W. Witt the inember f , r the Murray district, we hear that Profesor Heani. of .Melbourne; Mr Donald, 0{ Wood's Point; Mr Martyr, of Benalla; jfrj H Graves, of Tatong: and Mr J... 1 Stolvneus, of Mansfield, are proposed to be ' brought forward. The latest addition to the list is Dr Jolm Nicholson, of Benalla, who m all. probability • riU contest the election under the freetrade colours." The Gcelong Advertiser writes:—A state- J1—t of so grave, so astounding a nature, been made as to be almost incredible ; ~d we should probably abstain from publishing it, were it not likely .to become cjrr«nt, even if we held our peace. Under circumstances, it 'is better to give it ,i.„ publicity which will permit of its con- < •rad'ction. "it is alleged, on what ought b- good authority, that £100,000 of the -irehase money of the Hobson's Bay Bail- j v-- ; s to be equally divided amongst five pminiis, who will exercise an influence in completion óf tŁe purdiase. We mast repeat that such a nefarious transaction appears incredible, .but that the source of the information ought to be i quite a good one. • ; - •• ' The Mackay Mercury publishes the following as a simple but effective cure for snake-bite :—" Take one tablospoonjalof gunpowder and salt, anp the yolk of an egg, and mix them so as to form a plaster! Place upon a cloth, and apply to the part, letting it evteud an inch on all sidea of the wound- As the poison is dravm the plister will lose its adhesive, qualities, and when full will fail' oft Apply fresh blisters till one adheres, which is a sure evidence that all the poison has been , absorbed. This will cure a snake-bite upon either man or beast." '. Bertrand, whose name, being associated villi one of the most remarkable crimes in Australia, must ever live in the crinmi- £ history of this country (says the Sydney Imiiig Neves), has completely recovered iron bis insanity, and is now a confine of •SirlinglluisL gaol. Sonic years ago, wJien lfrsi aprisoner there, he painted m oils a ife size picture of! the crucifixion, which ow decorates the portion of the gaol hapal; but, if rightly remembered, his ind gave way before the completion of the' work, Fora long time he was an inate in the Paramatta Lunatic Asylum, where he on one occasion attempted suicide. Under., -careful treatment he was .eventually brought around once more to feel his punishment of imprisonment for life. -He is now employed In' Darlinghiiist gaol as a 'bookbinder, in which branch of work he exhibits much the same expertness that Frank Gardiner did, and he is otherwise useful and well conducted. No one appears to knuw what has become of Mrs Kinder, Bertrand's accomplice. A young lady residing m Clunes. one day last week "(ssys the rĆlunes Gazette) went into a drapery shop and, addressing the shopman, said:—" It is my desire to obtain a pair of circular elastic appendages, capable of being contracted or expanded by means of oscillating burnished steel appliances, that sparkle like glowing particles oi gold leaf set with Cape May diamonds, and which are utilized for keeping in proper position the habilitanta of tlie lower " extremities, which innate delicacy forbids me to mention." - The vendor of calicoes was nou- plussesd, but not wishing to appear ignorant, said he, was "just out.'.' Aier her'departure heruininated in silence for a few seconds, when i newlight broke unon his distracted brain,, and he burst forth. "By thunder 1FU-bet that woman mated a pair af garters/' The Oceiis Spectator writes -.—" A ben belonging to Łlr Impey, "Of Sprint Creek, io her own surprise we have no doubt, and itill more to that ofher ofispring, hatched a chicken which had two heads with two complete beaks^ "but only three eyes. Whether the mother was so puzzled as 1 io. which mouth she had to.feedrthatsh plied neither, or that jtho. chick .did not. know which head, properly belonged to it, or whether two heads : wer^ really i better than one, it seems to i have come to the CDnclosion that it was 'all a muddle/ and' gave up the Questions and the "ghost TO- The Loudon correspondent of the Hobart TownMercury, writing nnderdate September 28, says :—" I thought/when 1 wrote my letter of yesterday ! had reached the lowest depths of infernal wickedness. But beneath that there is a lower depth'still. 'It is reported in the Daily jfeua to day that in-one" of the Tillages of Servia, "The Turks captured a family while escaping. Tbey ' took ithe baby, spitted it, roasted it alive, land iab-1 solutely forced the parents to eat She cooked flesh of their- own child, after whichthey butchered the parents-'' I should be insu iting your readers if Xwere to attempt to condemn,,this i diabolical crime. To denounce it in -wordsworthy of it would be impossible, for there are hb words in the English language adequate to such a purpose, Ónl3' let ine póint out this fact—the troops who did Qiis deed weae Egyptians.' " That is to say, men •who have come over Jrom**ajio0ier continent in order to punish'people for. doing the very same thing which the Egptians attempted to do in : iJ633 and again in 1839—that is "to obtain entire independence' of thePorte. After this it is a small matter to say thkt these troops, General Tcernayed sayś ane Wforse than the Bashi Bazouks. or the Circassians, arethe snbjectof a jktentatie'iwath vj^hom our Prince bf Wales fiatemiB^ a' Toten" tale movement, wib, ?whiIe ~h afford money to jay .^liis creditors, jean find it to despaichjBoidieiB, to interpose in f fnadujuch li iupeitf i The Hedicat World says:—"A charming anecdote is told concerning the late Felicien "David. On' the composer's applying-to be admitted to the Academy of Fine Aits, every member-formally promised to support his election. When the'day arrived, not one voted for him. One if the vow-breakers called -upon him immediately .afterwards. Perhaps you have been astonishe he said, '"at what Las taken place.' ' Certainly.'repiied the artist ' Well, the fact is,' said 'the academician. * that w« had a prize of 20,000 francs to bestow. We could not give it to one of-our own members, and as 1 we thought it might be of morę use to you than a nominal-honor, we - did not elect you.' The following day . SL- David received the money, which a,was very welcome to him, as he was far from being a rich man-—'jSipion. e vera e len trovato.' " A remarkable address has been delivered by Sir "William, Thomas, to ithe Royal Societyj', on the subject of the nature of the earth's kernel. While not denying that certain portions of the earth's interior ave in a molten or fluid state, Sir William Thomson maintained, on various more or less recondite grounds, that no large proportion of the earth's interior can by any possibility be in the ' condition of molten fluid. " I may say. with most perfect certainty, that whatever may be the relative densities of rock solid' and melted, at or about the temperature of liquefaction, it is, I think, quite certain that cold .solid ;rock is denser than hot melted rock; and no possible degree r of rigidity in'the crust could prevent it from breaking in pieces, and sinking wholly below the liquid lava- Something like this may have gone on, and probably did go on, for thousands of yeaTs after solidification commenced ; surface portions of. the melted material losing heat, freezing,, and sinking immediately, or growing to the thickness of a few metres when tlie surface would be cool, and the whole solid dense S enough to siuk. The process must go on until the sunk portions of crust build up from the bottom a sufficiently close ribbed skeleton or frame to allow fresh incrustations to remain, bridging across the now fuiall areas of lava-pools or lakes." That is a E'.rJdng picture of the growth of the " round earth," which was once supposed ta have been made from the first " so fast that it cannot be moved." Weare rather sony to be robbed of the belief of the central lava-ocean after alL The Argus, in its usual lordly way,, has been sneering at the Woodendand Daylesford Railing. The following letter to that paper however places, the proposed line in such a favorable! light that we ian only trust that those who oppose tiie measure will " read, mark, learn, and inwardly digest" the same. Sir,—In your issue of to-day you state with regard to the construction of the new lines of railway that" as regards Woodend to Daylesford, and. Lanceford-road to Lancetield, i we can only say that we see nothing to justify their construction." Sow, Sir, if you have two or ihree days to spare, and would like a jaunt through the Black Forest, my husband and sell wiU have much pleasure in giving you " Bush entertainment," finding you a trustworthy horse, and escorting you over some fifteen or twenty miles of tiie said forest, abutting on the proposed line. It would give you such an insight into the necessity ot the line as to cause you, I think, to change your opinion. You would find, first, tliat this part of the forest is as heavily timbered as it is possible to be, and roads, or more propferiy "tracks," are very rough u summer—we won t name winter-right enough for equestrians at most times and seasons, if they do not object to getting up to their horses' knees in mud, or bog, occasionally, but for conveyances very slow and difficult with only a light load ; how much more so/then, with alieavy one, such as cord wood or sawn timber . Secondly, that a great part «f this heavily-timbered land has been taken up bv hond fide selectors, who are zealously striving to make a home, and keep to the letter of the law, which in most cases they have done, so far. But how ? By the sacrifice of family comforifc their wives and children having to go out grubbing and splitting like men, as far as they are able, and burning the timber that ought to be brought to the market and sold to pay for ' taring, which should be doae by and not women and children. 1 know personally several families thus employed, the children of whom should be attending school. Ihe constructing of this line would" at least mitigate these evils. The land would be more, quickly cleared for agriculture and daiiy produce. Being central to Melbourne and Bendi go, the°waste of timber is much to be de- ^KeUable data have been f uriiished, showing that, commercially,! this line must be a success, and the all-important " " If you will kindly insert this I shall feel obliged, in the hope that those better able to show the absolute necessity of this line T will take the matter up.—I ain, &c.; . .... . .;. . M. : Campaspe, November 17th. . A remarkable case of longevity is re ported in Virchow's "Archives," by l>r Umstein, of Athena. The man, George Stravarides, -eied in Srnyna, at tie -age of 132 years. Although tuis MethusfelalihaJ always livedin irregular life, andhad consumed on an average more than a hundred drachms of braiidy daily, he retained possession of all his óve śeiiśeB, ańd also a complete set of teeth, up to the inoment of jus deatLi Be also continued to the io attend to the duties of his vooatipn—a baker. This man was bom- in 1743, in the rogu JUaoommedl, and lived darraigns, of nine Sultans.- - > ••' „ \- Che late burning of -Castle Garden at 3Sew York recalls an otd srory ^ot 'ralieyrand in his exile to this country, standing one morning on the parapet «f the icastie, a mjulman graspfcd his arm alio, «aid Let os two jump totne groand. J '- "Tai^yimid answered, Ho; don't let us jump aown-^aaybody ^ndothat.-but- letus w»lk,<lowji and then leap up. ,-lt wfll be a feat worth perforimiig. "'s euuaniinity aiid ready tact saved ium. „e lunatic proi-eSłedto act upon^this happy suróeśtion, and; ai'sobn'as they were On Hie ground ind Talleyrand felt that be was safe, UB^Sxp^ly immaged. ' to lid hinisdf bf Ins '^^mKL'SuKEAVHITENESS of the teettil healthy gums, and. fragrant breath, are stained by using iŁowkiids' Odońfij, "proved during the list sevehty-Bi? years to be the beat-dentifrice ever used % and faraupenorto all dWier,pastes, washes, or tooth Rowlands'iMacassar Oilrpreservee, EDS, and'beautifies the human hair, prevents t fallinc off or turning grey, and eradicates BodrTSandrifi; Sold by all.ichemists -iruggistfi. etores, Sc.. •' Wbolesale AgentE for •Victoria, Fdton, Grimwade and Co, Alel- ^SYŁOB BBOTHiSBS' MAEAVILLA COGOA—Taylor BrotherSj Łondon, having the exclusive npplyof thiB unrivalled Coeoa, invite comparison with any other Cocoa fol Parity—fine Aroma—Sanative, Kutritiveand jSnstJuningJ?®^ J&^SJW von as a iavonrite Beverage for breaMast loncheoD,and aeoothing Bdre^ment, after alatecv ning- For favourable opinion /Standard, pvaiixg • ^M*! 1 , OOOOA—Ihs original preparation, whicŁ has attainedBUch a'irorid-wide reputation,, ablesthomdsqpaW~-.—.—,— : » . . asn and -experience of .She ^rentoift and i^lbe f ound to combine in an eminent '"gr®® h p i C p Ńo traveller- or voyager, or resident of a unhealthy region should be without a tiupplv ofUDOŁPHOWOLFE'SSCHIEDAM AaoiEm SCHKAPPS. ' It" is the best possible antidote to tlie effects of any poisonoiis element that may exist in the water or the air; a preventive.and cure of sea-sickness, a - positive remedy for . indigestion, a good restorative for the convalescent, an excellent .-appetizer, an anodyne for the sleepless, a gentle and harmless diuretic, a constitutional invigorant, a cheering cordial for the despondent, and the only stimulant which can be safely introduced into the sick room or used for hospital purposes. ROWLANDS KAŁYD0E eradicates all spots, eruptions, etc., and produces a beautifully pure and healthy complexion. Bowlands' Eukonia is a new and delicate powder for the face and skin, composed of the 1 fend purest ingredients. Ladies who use toilet po'wder, will find it the best ever yet produced, givipg to tlie complexion a blooming purity of transparent delicacy. - Sold by all chemists, druggists, and at all stores. ' Ask for Rowlands' articles, of 20, Hatton Garden, London. Wholesale Co., Melbon Victoria, Felton, Grimwade and Co. Melbourne. 