TOPICS OF THE DAY. It is authoritatively stated that the Cabinet will to-morrow afternoon discuss the min- sterial- reply to theminute forwarded by tho Governor to Sir James M'Culloch yesterday, together with the petition signed by tbe Chairman of the public meetiug held at the I'rincos3's on Friday last, praying the Go vernor to grant a dissolution. The R.M.S. Mongolia left WilHamstown to-day at two o'clock, taking a very large number of passengers, many of whom were well-known citizens. In consequence, there was a large gathering to sec the steamer oil, and cheering was freely indulged in as sho Bteamed away from the pier. There was a large gathering of tho friends of the Hon, N. Fitzgerald, M.L.C. Amongst the promi nent passengers were Mr nnd Mrs Fitzgerald) Mr J. S. O'Shannassy, jun., Mr L. A. Tallerman, Mr Slack, Signor and Signora Coy. The nnoslentatious de parture of the two last-named gifted aitists is to be regretted. The Mongolia took with her more gold than any Bteamer for a long time, namely 54,058 ozs and 200,522 sover eigns, the total value of £410,862, of this tho bank of Victoria sent home 16,605ozs. 17 dwts 12grs, nnd 102,000 sovereigns. Tho Sumatra, which carried the December mail, n«1 n AamU CO OCAaiia fi J .r.4n #. . J UUljr IUU& UO(AUUU<)9 VUWto IVglO Ut (JGIU ttUtt 23,770sovereigus, valued at £255,770. Themail steamer in December, however, took away £508,434 worth of gold. The drain on our gold resources continues. We learn with surprise that Messrs Alston and Brown, the well-known drapers of Col lins street, feel aggrieved at the manner in which the namo of the firm was mentioned in a " Police Story,1' which appeared in The Herald on- Monday last. We can but sny that the story professed to be a story — a mere fiction — and nothing more. From the context it will be manifest that there was no intention on our part to injure er annoy these gentlemen, or to reflect in any manner on their employes. As however, the portion referred to has been construed to do this, we very much Tcgret it, and make the amende honorable accordingly. The Melbourne Gas Company to-day served notices on its city customers, that on and after Tuesday next, February 1, tho com pany's gas will be charged at the rate of 5s, lOd. per 1,000ft. The amount for drawbacks passed at the Customs this morning was £1,491 13s lOd, showing somewhat of an- increase on pre vious months. In the list of subscriptions received at tho meeting in St; Patrick's Hall on Tuesday, published in The Herald of yesterday, tho name of P. J. Martin, Esq., who gave a dona tion of £10, was inadvertently omitted. The following is the return of appoint ments &c.;, in the police force for the week ending 24th January, 1876 :— Appointments as constables : Edmond Darcy, James Sher man. Promotions : from constable to senior- constable, James Scully ; from 3rd class to 2nd class detective, William Berrill, Reduc tion : from senior constnbie to constable, William M'Gann. Superannuated : Con stable James Barclay ; Constable Robert Kennedy. The detectives require an owner for eight pigeons, found in the possession of Robert Peterson, arrested by Detective Fook Shing on a charge of stealing them. Three young men named James Thomas, and two brothers Patrick and Michael M'HuRh were charged before tho City Court this afternoon with committing a robbery at the premises of Mr. William Murray, a bootmaker, Latrobe-strcct, on the after noon of Sunday last. It appoared that on Sunday aftornoon last Constables Hulligan and Palmar nnfinnd fkwn mnn nonninr. miMWi UWV.WUU »««" piM eels, near St. John's Church, Tho constables gave the men chase, and Hulligan succeeded in overtaking Thomas, with a bundle in his possession, containing boots. Palmer chased the other two men, who doubled on him, and, for the time, escaped, but dropped their parcels which also contained boots, which subsequently were identified by Mr Murray as properly stolen from his place, Tha brothers M'Hugk were arrestod by De tective O'Calloghan on Monday last. Tbe prisoners were identified by a girl named Wheightly ns the men she observed entering Mr Murray's premises by a window, on Sunday afternoon last. Mr Fisher de fended Thomas, the brothers M'Hvigli being defended by Messrs Read and Miller. The case was proceeding at the time The Herald went to press. Early on (he morning of Friday last tho lodgers staying at Mau's Hotel, Latrobe street, .were disagreeably surprised by finding that a variety of trinkets, boots, and wearing apparel had been abstracted from their re spective chambers during the preceding night. The systematic style in which the robberies were perpetrated pointed to the conclusion that a burglary had been com mitted, and the only door of the establish ment left unfastened during the night was one leading into the dining room purpoBoly left unlocked to enablo the servants who Bleep in detatclied premises at thn rear, to obtain ingress to tho hotel at an early hour. The first robbery discovered was that of Mr Hermann Sohleiif, who re ported that his watch ar.d chain Jhad been taken from his toilet table during the night. Suspicion was at one attached to a man named David Williams, who, out of charity, bad. been temporarily employed in the kitchen during tho Christmas week as washer-up, and who had had opportunities of ascertaining domestic arrangements of the hotol. Tho robbery was reported at the detective office early ou Friday morniug, and before noon Williams was arrested by Detective Mackay in North stroet Handridge, on suspicion of stealing a watch, which the officer observed him offering to sell to a dealer at a nominal price. The prisoner was | taken to the detective office, whero the I watch as well as some clothing worn nt tho | time by the prisoner was identified by Detcc-" tive Brown, who had charge of the case, as being pnrt of the property stolen from Mau's Hotel, Williams was brought before tho City Court this morning, and committed for trinl for housebreaking, Major Smith and Messrs M'Dermott, Fincham, and James, M's.Ij. A., introduced a deputation from the Town Council of Bal- larat East this morning to tho Chief Secret: r/, praying that the Government would remove the lepers (at present located at Clayton's Hill, Ballarat East, to some other H site. Mr Macpherson said the Government would decline to take tho responsibility of ordering tho removal of the sufferers against , their will, hut agreed to permit the local sur veyor to report upon a more suitable site for a leper-house. Tho Geelong Advertiser lias an article to day, in which it warns his Excellency the Governor to beware of Sir James M'Culloch, and to allow of no coup d'etat. lima dc Mutska's day performance yester day was a brilliant success. She will give another matinee on Saturday. We notice the talented singer appears at Sandhurst on | the 1st and 2nd of February. I They have a genuine sensation at last at 8 Geelong. A ghost has appeared, and was fired upon by a valiant Geelongese. Since' then, the ghost has Bhifted its quarters, not liking the sulphurous fumes that belch from a gun barrel. Tho Ballarat Courier thus enlightens us on political matters : " The Government can do nothing while opposed so spiritedly by their opponents, notwithstanding all tho declarations they make to the contrary. They can neither suspend the forms of tho House, nor expel tho Opposition, nor prevent them from entering the House, nor in short do anything to obtain a Supply Bill, so long as Mr Berry and bis allies remain firm. They might carry a motion tor expulsion, ana bring in the police to lock up all tho refrac tories ; they might even prevent, by the aid of the police, the Opposition from entering the house, ' but how much better off would they be then, or how much farther would the real business of the country be advanced, The attendance at the Apollo Hall last night was a considerable improvement on tho previous evenings. The great attraction at this place of amusement is the perform ance of Mons. De Croix, the invisible wire walker, who is simply marvellous. The per former balances himself on a wire of about the size of a lady's hair pin, for upwards of about thirty minutes, nnd executes a variety of puzzling tricks in this precarious position as deftly as an ordinary conjurer would do on the floer of the stage. The entertain ment, supplemented n9 it is by the excellent acting, singing and dancing of Miss Maher and Mr Lewis is worthy of the patronage of the public, Madame Simonsen makes her re- appear- anco before the public of Melbourne on Saturday evening next. This popular singer has not sung in Melbourne for four years, and we have no doubt her advent wHl be hailed with enthusiasm, for Fanny Somer- sen has ever been a favorite with the Aus tralian public, who have recognised her readiness to please and her wonderful ver satility. Madame Simonsen will be assisted by Mrs Cutter, Mrs Coperger, pupil of Charles Hille, Signor Carmini Morley, Mr Florence, Mr S, Lamble, and Mr Simonsen, 