AMUSEMENTS. The faculty of writing good actable plays is more natural than acquired. Literary ability is insufficient for tho purpose, and thetnere practical knowledge of stage busi ness, though it may accomplish much, fails in most of tho3e essentials that give stability and endurance to a drama. Unfortunately for the stage now-a-dayB, every actor with the least smattering of education believes himself a born dramatist, and though he may have no higher object to achieve than to make tho pot boil, yet his example and influence-have a most pernicious effect, and assist materially in bringing about that much deplored deterioration in the tone of popular plays such as have been of late per formed in Melbourne. Cush, or the Heart of Gold, is a epecimen of the class alluded to. We arc afraid we must also include the piece for which it was withdrawn, and which was produced on Tuesday at the Theatre Royal. It was entitled Ruu to Earth, and proved partly a dramatisation of Miss Braddon's novel of that title. Tho adapter is Mr. Maeder, who is stated to have received the compliments of the authoress for his handiwork. If this should be the case we can only say that Miss Braddon is an exception to her sex, and is very easily pleased. The piece was first produced about eight years ago at New York, and is stated to have had a run of success. Some years subsequently it was hawked through the provinces of England with the same felici tous result. It may be mentioned that there are several adaptations of the novel, but. this is said to be tho only genuine artiole, one for which 'we should be grateful, as even the most astute persons may some tiniesbedeceivedbycounterfoitprcsentments. It may be taken for granted that our readers havo read the book, and there iB therefore no necessity to enlarge upon the plot or inci dents except so far as Mr. Maeder has en doavored to improve upon the original. The opening iucidents of the novel serve as a prologue, but here the lack of dramatic treatment was immediately made apparent. The stage is divided down the centre by a partition supposed to represent the interior of the Jolly Tar Inn, at Wapping, and the house immediately adjoining m which Black Millsom and his daughter, the ballad- singer, reside. The occupants of the bar are only Valentine Jernam, Joyce and the landlord, who is represented as a comical Irishman. Millsom, hia daughter, and a crowd of idlers enter. The girl, whose sweet voice and beauty are remarkable, is made to appoar as tho most common typo of a mendicant. She does not even sing, for no other reason seemingly than that it is not in Miss Rena's lino. Jernam takes an interest in her, gives her a coin which Blnck Millsom soizos, and then all rush off the stage. Tho muvder of the Captain almost immediately folloiws and takes place in tho bar, the ballad singer in the adjoining room being cognisant of all that occura. Tho dead body is then carried across the stage ; the girl flies the promise?, and some lime light effects show the murderers disposing of their victim. Sir Oswald's intorview with hie nephew Reginald is represented in the next set, the text of the book beiug adhered to with tolorable fidelity. Having just dis inherited tho youth, the barouet'a attention is attracted by tho voice of the ballad girl in tho street outsido. Ho goes to tho window, is struck by her singing and appearance, and sends for her. Thw was tho only instance in which Miss Rena tried to sing, andjior dis cretion in this particular is commendable. Five years are supposed to havo elapsed by tho time the next act open3. Some love pas sages occur between the baronet and his wife, who allows the audionco io understand that in the interim an heiress has. been born to the Iiaynlitim citotcs. Suddenly it is discovered that Sir Oswald is jealous of his wife owing to the attentions of Victor Car rington, who now conies on the scene and makes the moat violont love to the lady of the house in the presence of her husband and the assembled guests. Tho episode of the Wizard's cave follows, and is the best hit in the play, the scene of Yarborough Castle being particularly well managed, except that it is sought to intensify the agony by the rc-adjustmont of the draw bridge and the attempted escape of the lady from the toils of her enemy. There is much of the interest of the novel Io3t by the manner in which the baronet is poisoned by Victor, though tho concluding scene of tho act, where Honoria'denounces Reginald as the murderer of her husband, is worked up pretty effectively. The detoctlve, Larkspur, is made identical with Joyce Barker, the de voted friend of the murdered Jernam, and this, for dramatic purposes, is quite admis sible ; but Mr. Dainpior failed to make any thing of the part. He, in fact, forgot the point about the crimson coverlet, that covered the abducted child, aud which forms an important link in the chain of evidence upon which the whereabouts of the child is traced. There is a good deal of mixing up of the story in connection with Larkspur, and he appears upon the scene frequently when his presence is obtrusive rather than otherwise. The gambling house episode in Pauline Durske's house serves the object of bringing homo to Victor the poisoning of the old baronet ; the proofs thus adduced would not be sufficient to con vict in a court of law, so that much is left to the imagination. The audience is inci dentally informed that the young surgeon, whose real motives for the perpotration of so many crimes is not sufficiently made manifest, has been sentenced to penal servi tude. Reginald Eversleigh states his de termination to go to the Mediterranean. The abduction of the child by Millsom and his funny pal Wayman follows in the ap proved melodramatic fashion, and Lady Everaleigh rushes in, shouting 'my child,' and the drop scene falls. In the last act, where vengeance overtakes Millsom, he is re presented, in company with his mate, having the baby in his possession, visiting the house where lie had planted the money stolen from Valentine Jernam. Larkins and Lady Eversleigh rush in ; a struggle ensues, during which Black Millsom is Bhot by the detective, and before dying reveals the fact that Jenny 'Wilson (Lady Evers leigh) was stolen from her mother when a child, handing over very penitentially the papers necessary to prove bis statement. Tho curtain falls while Lady Eversleigh is expressing her thankfulness that she is 'somebody's daughter after all.' Candidly speaking much might be made out of such a plot, but somehow there seems a haziness and a want of concatenation about the rela tions of the characters and incidents to each other that would mystify any one who had not read the book. Of the acting, little need be said ; Miss ltena is in.no way suited to the part of the heroine. Mr. Maeder is not devoid of ability as an actor, but his ac cent and stiffness of manner prevent him doing Buch a part justice. Mr. Greville evolves immense fun out of the part of Wayman, and Black Millsom is a villain all over in the hand3 of Mr. Lawrence. Mr. Dampier, as the detective, never appeared to less advantage. Mr. Stuart O'Brien is always excellent in old men's] parts, and as the baronet, Sir Oswald, left nothing to cavil at. Of the other characters nothing need be said. The piece was very nicely mounted, and several of the scenes were most realistic. La Belle Helene and Trial by Jury have kept the boards at the Opera House during tho week, and have been, as they deserved, well patronised. Tho Melbourne German Liedertafel gave a Herron-abend at Hockin's Rcoms on Monday, which proved most enjoyable. An unusual variety was noticeable in the pro gramme, which, supported mainly by the society, was an undeniable proof of the versatility of its members. The choruses performed were Sturmbeschworung Wachet Auf (Kucken), Romberg's Toy symphony, Obto's FuchBlied, Siedo's Jolly Little Man, and Liedertafel Polka, by Shaffer. Of these Kucken's splendid song was the best, and it was given with most appropriate declamation. Herr Siede's part song, The Jolly Little Man, was very well sung, and is a most spirited and agreeable composition. A part song, entitled Liebesaehnsucht, by Wilt, waB sung by an efficient double quartett of singers in very excellent style. Messrs. Staker, Madden, Behrend and Blanchard, members of the sooiety, were, with Signor LuiBetti, the solo vocalists of the evening. Mr. Staker, for his rendering of the Justorem Anime of Rossi, received a well merited encore, when ho gave The Anchor's Weighed, which was also well received. Mr. Madden essayed the great tenor sonc; from Weber's Oberon, but was greatly over-weighted in it. He was more agreeable by far in his second number, one of the prettiest of German volkslieds. Mr. Blanchard was fairly suc cessful in a ballad by Fleury. Mr. Behrend Bang Kucken's Maid of Judah in a most artistic manner, and equaljy well a ballad of Schubert, Roslein auf dor Haide (Rose of the Desert). The singing of Signor Luisctti was distinguished by good execution aud style. Mr. Hunter, the pianist of the society, was also accompanist during tho evening. He gave as a solo Prudent'3 ar rangement of Les Huguenots, which was rather unequally played, but displayed con sidcrable ability nevertheless. In his accom paniments he was occasionally too obtrusive, notably in those to the violin solos of Mr. Curtis. This latter gentleman played a duet (violin and piano) arranged from Der Freischutz, and ns an encore an air by A. Lango, Pricre a la Madonna. He was thoroughly successful, and greatly pleased his hearers by the breadth of tone ho produced in the legato pasaagea. Herr Siede favored with two flute solo3 of his own compoBition, well written and magnificently played. In answer to plaudits, which were undeniable, ho kindly gave a third number, which was oven better playod (if Dossiblo* thau the others. Altogether a most agreeable enter tainment was provided. Miss Eleanor Carey left Sydney by tho City of New York last Friday to fulfil an engagement in America. She was accom panied to the vessel, tho Sydney Morning JJtrald reports, by a number of citizens, who desired to wish her good-bye. Just before the steamer weighedonchor Mr. Lazar, on behalf of a number of Mias Caroy's ad mirers and friends, presented her with a splendid gold enamelled watch aud massive chain and looket, expensively set with dia monds and pearls. In making tho presenta tion, Mr. Lazar briefly addressed Miss Carey, as follows :—'? Dear Mis3 Carey,— On the eve of your departure for America, I have been entrusted with the agreeable task of presenting you, on behalf of many of your friends, with the accompanying souvenir. I trust that you will prize it less for its in trinsic worth than as a token of the groat esteem in which you are held, not alone by those who have the happiness of your per sonal acquaintance, but by all who have had tho pleasure of witnessing your farewell per formance. It is not for mo hero to speak of the rapid strides that you have made in your profession, but let me express tho hope that the great success which has attended your last short engagement bore is but a faint indication of the triumphs which await you in the new world. In wishing you Ion voyage, I would fain hope that it will not bo long before your many friends will have the pleasure of welcoming you back again.' To which Miss Carey feelingly replied : — 'If I fail to find language to adequate^' express my thanks for' the beautiful present which you have just handed to me, it is because my heart is sad — sad indeed at leaving dear old Sydney and my many kind friends. I leave, I trust, but for a short while. Believe me that 'absence will make my heart grow fonder ;' and my ever constant hope will T-s that I may soon return again.' There was a large attendance at the People's Concert in the Temperance Hall, Rus3ell-street, on Saturday evening, aud a well-diversified programme was gone through satisfactorily. The duet O Maritana was well rendered by Miss Fanny Sheppard and Mr. J. Henrix. Mr. Murphy made a hit with his new song, The Awfully K aughty Young Man, for which he was encored. Mr. Richardson was conductor, and Miss D wight pianiste. It is singular what an interest Engljsh speaking communities attach to the inter pretation of the character of Hamlet, a proper conception of which for various rea sons seems beyond even the genius and training of Italian artists. The requirements, physical and intellectual, to rightly imper sonate the Prince of Denmark are accorded to few, and seldom or never to any but one whoso mother tongue was that of Shak speare. It v/ill be remembered that Salvini last year created quite a furore iu London by his acting in the part, but never theless the most competent judges declared that his Hamlet was not Shakspeare's. btill greater things were expected from Rossi, who as a tragedian was said to be first in the very first rank of artists on the con tinent. By tho last moil it appears that he ha3 been performing during the off nights of the Italian Opera at the Haymarket, and the description given in the Era of his rendition of the part is well worth repro ducing : — Neither in face or figure does he look at all like the English ideal of Hamlet. Ho is accustomed to wear a costume foreign to our accepted notions. Ho indulges in antics wbich shock our legitimate propriety, and he reads the character ap parently with the view to oppose or con tradict our most cherished doctrines. We .., find it difficult to reconcile our well-formed Hamlet ideas with those of an actor who wears in this character a short velvet jacket ending at his waist and a pair of black silk tights destitute of trunks. We look at the rotund little ^figure, the jacket, the tights, and the open shirt collar, and think of the hero of some Italian melodrama — not Hamlet. We cannot detect the student in the face, or the scholar in the eye. Where will the dignity be found, and where the refinement in such a curious Prince of Denmark ? We are perfectly well aware that Shakspeare's own descriptions of Hamlet ace at variance one with another. The glowing picture of the Prince drawn by Ophelia does not coincide with the unflattering portrait of him drawn by himself. However, for the first time, and owing to the exigencies of fate, he is 'fat and scant of breath.' The study of the artist was watched with extreme curiosity, and it was only when eccentricity led gradully to extravagance that aH sympathy was withheld. All must allow tho earnestness with which the play has been studied, and acknowledge the desire to give us Shakspeare unadulterated. Rossi gives us more than enough of Shak speare, and adds considerably to the acting version. He goes manfully through with it from one end to the other, aud shows us that he has got a view of Hamlet, however erroneous we all may think it. A more daring experiment has seldom been made iu the land that gave Shakspeare birth. We see Hamlet no more as the type of a man physically unable to withstand tho shock to hiB nervous Bystem. We can see only an irresponsible madman, and remember merely the hj'steria of an ungovernable fury. When the spirit of Hamlet's father speaks to him from another world, as the friends take oath on tho cross-handled sword, we find our new Hamlet stamping his feet on the ground, and endeavoring to keep tho Ghost underneath with the impatience that would be expressed towards an over affec tionate dog. When he soliloquises he talks to the thrones as children do to their dolls. When he watches the play ho rolls and scrambles about as if he were at Greonwich Fair, or at the feet of a pretty girl at a picnic. Such inelegant attitudes have never been expressed except by a boating man of the nineteenth century after lunch. When he takes tho King's throne he swings hia legs about as if he wore in an American rocking chair. His conduct to his mother, as he imitates the birds escaping from the basket aud the ape who gets into it, can have no parallel save within tho confines of I Colney Hatch. He addresses Yoiick's skull I as a ventriloquiser talks to a dummy doll on tho Ramsgate Sands, and he physics tho unfortunato King at tho conclusion of the play with the poisoned cup ns if ho were a naughty chil'd and had obstinately refused to (?«ir/-»iAWJ-e There aro funnv * **?-=»? as well as deplorable madmen, and tho eccen tricities ot the new Hamlet are fclio very ?queerest that ever were seen. Signor Iiosai 5a careful also to expre83 his mental distur banco iu other ways. He ia fond of occasional groaus or unexplained interjections which may be meant as an illustration of Hamlet's scant breath, and when he fences he follows up every cut and parry vrith a running -accompaniment of tho most extraordinary noises, intended, no doubt, to convey a sense of the excitement and anxiety attended on the conflict. It would be strange, indeed, if these things were not noticed in a country which has seen so many Hamlets, goo3, bad, and indifferent, and at a time when criticism has receutly been almost exhausted in dis cussing the varieties of expression capable of being elicited from the character. This description of Rossi's Hamlet must bo very disappointing to the lovers of Italian art, and certainly speaks well for the outspoken frankue_33 and independence of British journalism. In America doubtless tho repertory of adulation would have been exhausted in the effort to do full justice to the same performance. 