V1UTOK HU iO UN THE TURKISH Q CTESTIOir. Victor Hugo Las addressed the following " protest," headed " For Servia," against the alleged Turkish barbarities, to the Rappel:— " It becomes neeessaiy to call the atttention of the European governments to a fact .so small it seems that the governments appear not to per it. That fact is this. A people is being assassinated. Where? In.Europe! Has this act witnesses ? One witness—the whole world. Do the Governments see it? No. The nations have about them something which is below them —the governments. At certain moments this anomaly presents itself—civilization is in the people barbarism. Is it wilful ? Ho. It is simply professional. What the human race looks on with another eye, the conscience. We are about to astonish European governments by teaching them one thing—namely, that crimes are crimes ; that is no more allowable for a government than for an individual to be an assassin ; that Europe is solidair; that all that happens in Europe is done by Europe; that if there exists a wild beast government it must be treated as a wild beast; that at the present momeut quite close upon us, there uuder our eyes, people are massacreing, burning, pillaging, exterminating, cutting the throats of fathers and mothers, selling the little girls and boys; that, the children too small to be sold are cut in two by the blow of a sabre ; that families are burned in, their houses; that one town, Batak for example, has been reduced in a few hours from 9,000 inhabitants to 1,300 ; that the cemeteries are choked with more corpses than can be buried, so that to the living who have sent them carnage the dead sent buck the pestilence, which is only fair. We teach the governments of Europe this—that pregnant women are being ripped open to kill the children in their womb; that in the public squares there are heaps of the remains of women with the trace of this treatment; that dogs gnaw in the streets the skulls of outraged girls ; that all this is horrible ; that a gesture of the Governments of Europe would be enough to prevent it, and that the savages who commit these crimes are terrifying, and that the cirilzed who let them commit them are appaling. The time has come to raise one's voice. The universal indignation is being aroused. There are hours when the human conscience speaks and orders governments to listen. The governments stammer a reply. They have already tried this stammer. They say it is ex aggerated. Yes, it is exaggerated. It was not iu a few hours that the town of Batuk was ex terminated ; it was in a few days. It is said 200 villages were burnt—there were only 99.. What you call pestilence is only typhus. All the women have not been outraged ; all the girls have not been aold ; a few have escaped. Pri soners have been mutilated, but their heads have also been also been cut oil', which lessens the thing. -The infant said to have been thrown from one pike to the other was, in reality, only placed on the point of one bayonet. Where there is ane you put two; you exaggerate the two, &c.; And thfn why has this people revolted ? Why do not a flock of men let themselves be owned like a herd of animals ? Why, &c.; This fashion of valliating increases the horror, To quibble with public indignation, nothing ttere mfwablp. The attenuations sggWTate. It is subtlety pleading for barbarism. is Byzantine excu.-i-ig Sfamboul. Let us call things by their proper tit me. To kill a man at the corner of h wood called • a Forest . of Bondy is a crime; to till a people at the corner of that other wood called diplomacy is a crime also—a greater one. That is all the difference. Does crime diminish in proportion to ,'its enormity ? Alas, that is indeed an old law of history. Kill sir men you a:e Troppman, kill 600,000 you are Cesar. To be monstrous is to acceptable. Wit ness the St. Bartholomew blessed by Rome, the Dragonnades glorified by Bossuet, the 2nd of December saluted by Europe.- Bait it is time that the old law should be succeeded by the new law. However black the night, the horizon must end by getting light. Yes, the'night is black, we are at the rising of ghosts. . After the Syllabus behold the Koran. From one Bible to the other people fraternize. Jangamus dextras. Behind ^the Holy See stands t.he Sublime Porte. We are given the choice of darkness, and seeing that Borne offered us its middle ageB Turkey has thought proper to offer us hers. Hence the things happening in Servia. Where will it. stop? When will finish the martyrdom of this heroic little nation ? It is time there should issue from civilization a peremptory prohibition (o go further. This prohibition to go further in crime we the people intimate to the governments. ' But,' we are told, ' you forget that ffchere are questions!' To murder a man is a crime, to murder a people is a question! Each 'govern ment has its question. Russia bna Constapfci- - nople, England has India, France has Prussia, Prussia has France. We reply,' Humanity also has its question,' and that question is this. It is greater than India, England, and Kussia. It is the infant in its mother's womb. Let us super sede the political question by the humane ques tion. The whole future is there. Let us say it. The future, whatever is done, will exist. Everything serves it, even crimes. What is happening in Servia proves the necessity of the United States of Europe. Let the distinct ■ governments be succeeded by the united peoples. Let us have done with the murderous empires. Let' us muzzle the fanaticisms and despotisms. : Let us break the swords which are the valets of super stitions and the dogmas which have the sabre in hand. No more wars, no more massacres, no more carnage, free thought, free trade, fraternity. Is peace then so difficult ? The Republic of Enrope, the Continental Federation, there is no other political reality than that. Reasonings prove it, and events also. On this reality which is a necessity, all the philosophers are agreed; and now the executioners join their demonstra tion to the demonstration of the philosophers. After its fashion, and just because it is horrible, savagery testifies for civilization. What Europe requires is a European Nationality, one Govern ment, one immense fraternal arbitration, De mocracy at peace with itself, all the sister nations having for their city and capital Paris—that is Liberty, having Light as its capital; in one word the United States of Europe. There is the goal, there is the port. It was ouly truth yesterday; to-day, thanks to the executioners of Servia, it is - evidence. To the tliinkers are added the assassins —the proof was given by the monsters. The future is a god drawn by tigers. " VlCTOB HCGO. " August 29, 1876." 