To the Editors of the Armidale Express. Gentx/emen—When Mr. Robertson formed the present Ministry, with Mr. Garrett as Minister for Lands, it was confidently hoped that the many abuses existing in the Lands Department would be remedied, and that the monstrous manner in which the public lands of the colony had been confiscated would be changed. But, alas ! these hopes have been woefully blighted. The iniquitous auction system, in all its deformity, is now patronised more than ever, for at no former period—even dur ing the administration of Sir James Mar tin, whose proclivities were all on the side of the squatter—were the lands of the people so recklessly sacrificed. Let me be understood. I don't object to selling the public lands by auction. If a squat ter, or any other person, wishes to pur chase an estate, by all means let him have it; but what I and the people object to, and protest against, is permitting a squat ter to have surveyed and put up to auc tion a block here, there, and everywhere over his run for the avowed purpose of "blocking out" selectors, or depriving auy that may be on it of their pre-emp tive rights. One instance out of many that I could give will suggest what is be ing done, all over the country, at the pre sent time. At a land sale, the other day, at Urana, in the Southern district, one squatting firm in one day purchased no less than 33,000 acres, of course in blocks all over their run, and embracing not only all the pre-emptive leases of selectors, but all other blocks that offered any inducement for selectors to settle upon. Now, gentlemen, it is not merely one section of our population, but the whole colony, which is interested against the further aggrandisement of the squatters. So long as they are left a remnant of po litical power, all attempts at a radical re form in the land laws must prove fruit less. The people have only to will it, and this monstrosity will for ever cease. The general election is fast approaching, and it will be the people's fault if even the ghost of a squatter, or a squatter's nominee, puts in an appearance in the new Parliament. And for this consum mation the squatters will have nothing but their own insatiable avarice and ra pacity to blame. Late as is. the present session, I think that the Selectors' and Farmers' Associa tions should urge upon the Minister for Lands to put some restriction upon the wholesale confiscation, to one class, of the public estate.—I am, gentlemen, yours, &c.;, RUSTICUS. P.S.—I was amused at the amount of hardihood, pr in colonial parlance "cheek," displayed the other night by the Minister for Lands, wheu brought to task about granting reserves extending for many miles on each side of the river on Mr. Fisher's run, when he declared that these reserves were granted for the bene fit of the selector—at the same time know ing that his " amended Land Act" gives the whole and sole use of reserves to the squatter ! —It. 