91 iscelfaneo us. Catching a Ghost. — W'e find the fol lowing story published in the H,amiUon Spectatoi^: —The silly fellow who has, during some months back, caused much I alarm and at least .one serious accident, has at le nsrtb teen caught in the act — fortunately -for him, befpre be was ppppered' with small shet. It appears th- 1 Mr. C. F. Harding, a farmer, r'esid fng at Warrahkook, accompanied by one of his men named Fowler, went out one night to look- for the pretended appari tion and found him about two miles -this side of Mr. Carmichael's station. He was, as usoal, attired in a white sheet, artificially raised some two feet above his head. Immediately, upon seeing him, Fowl) rflung himself down upon his knees, prayed with unwonted feivour to be saved j bnt Mr. Harding perceiving a pair of colonial made boots peeping out from under the sheet, ^ approached ihe figure, and it instantly fled. Mr. Hard ing gave chase, and after a brisk run, caught' the nuisance, who turned out to : be a wood- splitter, named Rpbert Downie. Mr. Harding's earlier and , better impress'on v as4» ck tbe fellow I in a dam close by, but, for some reason or other, he did not do so. However, on his asking Downi'- why he had given so much uneasiness to . unoffending persons, .-the latter .replied be was only larking, and that he intended keeping it up until eome one should have the plack to accost and catch him. He tben promised that he wonld not again at tempt a supernatural role, and was let off: Thb Plagoe.— The Levant Herald of tbe 12th instant says : — The latest tele grams to the Constantinople Sanitary Board indicate an increase in. the nnmber of plague cases in Mesopotamia', as well an extension of the area infected. The following are the returns : — At Hillah, in the space of five days (from tbe 27th to tbe 31st March inclusive) tbere were 66 new oases and 42 deathB. At Bag dtd, fVom the' 2^th March te the 1st I a ? :i a l ? l ..... ? a nr. April, Mine t*«sic uew usbea auu to deaths. The plague in that city has now crossed from the right bank of the Tigris to the left bajak, which had been pre viously free from the contagion. The epidemic-has likewise made its appearance at Meshed, or Nedjef Ali, wfeere, from 'the 25th to the 29th ultimo, there occurred five fatal c&ses;, and also at Kutel-Hamra. A severe quarantine, we are assured, has bean established at Kouraab, at tbe confluence of the Euphrates and Tigris, under the super intendence of Or. Colmar ; and it is also stated that the Persian Government ha6 ordered that . arrivals from Mesopo tamia shall undergo a quarantine of fifteen d$ys before entering the Shah'a territory. — The Lancet writes : — The latest news from Mesopotamia is not altogether reassuiing as to the progress of the plague there. Although no con siderable development of the disease has occurred either in Hillah or Bagdad, the malady still continues in both cities, and shows as yet no signs of dying out. Local opinion is not aatfisfied that the period is passed when a great outbreak might occur, altbongh there has been ae indications, to the latest news, either oi the diffusiveness or the fatality which characterised the disease daring its pre valence on the Lower Eaphratus in the early months of 1874 and 1875. The Ottoman Government has taken active measnreB in Bagdad to meet any exten sion of tbe malady, by building huts for isolation of cases outside the city boan darrps and organizing a medical staff' for the purpose' of ' treatment and disinfec tion, &c.; ? i ?. The ^following is a copy of the tele gram received a few day-s ago .by the Governments of Queensland, New Zea land, Tasmania, and South Australia, from- the. Colonial Secretary of New South Wales, on the subject of commu nication with Europe ' Telegraphic communication with tjje rest of the world STAprriR nt. thr- nrftspnt innrtniffv of afftiirs of peculiar value. The aid which we now have by our telegrams coming from Java by means of the Eastern and Aus tralian mail steamers ceuld be supple mented by a fast steamer from Barwin to Java twice a month. By this meane, during the break in the cable between Java and Darwin, we could have our telegrams to' and from Australia and Java and Europe, &c.;, at intervals not exceeding eleven days. The cost would be, I understand, about two thousand pourftfe each month. . Say by telegram whether your Government will be will ing to join in the cost, amount according to population. As neither of the breaks between Madras and Penang, and be tween Amoy and Shanghai respectively, may be repaired speedily, in that case Victoria has been asked to ascertain for what the P. and O. Company would run a line once a month from .Galle to Port Darwin to alternate with their steam service.' The following is an extract from a letter of Mr. Angus Mackay to a Mend in Brisbane ' The Queensland ctourt is one of the attractions here. Tbe whole thing looks so very , substantial. Those masses of wool, and tin, and copper, and the photographs, tell their own tale. Scarcely a day passes without enquiries being made for passages' to the colony. Were arrangements made, thousands of the very best type of emigrants could be obtained here, and the Americans would offer no opposition. Trade is very bad. Destitution is but too rife in this great city, and in this centennial year. It is a painful part of the experience of this trip to have to refuse the applications of the many likely persons who apply here for passages.' Firb at the Singleton Post Office. — On Sunday evening, a fire occurred at the Singleton Post Office, by which a considerable amount of notes and stamps , are reported to have been destroyed. The postmaster states that the fire occurred through the upsetting of a kerosene lamp, and that £400 ' worth of bank-notes and £40' worth of stamps were burned— they having been left -out of the safe. The Postmaster- General despatched an inspector to Singletpn on Monday; and, in consequence of com munications, the postmaster has been suspended, and an investigation into the whole circumstances of the case has been ordered. Explobation of New Guinea. — Signor d'Albertis, writing from Somerset to Dr. Bennett, under date May 16, gives the following details relative to his exploring expedition to New Guinea : — The mail from Singapore came in on the 12th instant. We expect to leave, as I told you in my last letter, two days after, but the weather has been so bois terous . that we cannot move, as we are deeply laden, and it would be dangerous to go ont with the Neva in snch weather. I have purchased two tons of coal from the Bowen, at £4 a ton, which I con sider too high a price. ' I gave the, pur ser of the steamer an order on the com mittee, so that it may be paid to the agents of the company ,wbo perhaps will charge a mpre reaspnable price. I have also succeeded in procuring a Chinaman, as copk. I was compelled to do so, as we had many differences on board about ; the cooking. John Mcreman deserted from my service on or about the 15th of May, and a wariant has been issue d by the poliee magistrate of Somerset for his apprehension.' On the 18th May, Signor d' Albertis writes : — ' I have got a living ' ecleetus,' which I consider a new species. To-day, I am going to kill it, to ascertain the 6ex, though I have no doubt it is a female ; but it is very dif ferent from the one 1 gave to you It has been bought from the natives of Kirapnna, about 100 miles east from Port Moresby. I will give you a full description, to be sent to Mr. Sclater for publication in the Proceeding's of the Society. I am promised a male from Mr. Smitharts, from whom I bought my present specimens. He tells me tbat this is a male bird, and he has been told by the natives that the female is all green ; but this may be a mistake, for I do net believe that in this new species there is the inverse difference between the sexe6 as there is in the ecleetus polychlorus. By -dissection I hope to find that the diversity ia constant in both species, and that the males are always green and tne females are always red and blue. Hereafter I will send the descrip tion, which you may do well to publish in the Sydney Mail. We leave here to day.' On the 21st May he writes from the Neva, off Warrior Reef, as follows i — ' We left Somerset on the 18th in stant, at 1 o'clock, anchored at Harvey's Reef at 7 p.m. ; left the following morn ing for Long Island, and anchored there at half-past 10 o'clock a.m. Mr. Har graves, the engineer, not being qnite well, we did not leave before the 20th, at 7 a.m., and anchored at 5 pan., West of Warrior Reef for the night. Every thing is all right for tbe present; There are only ten of us on board— six colored men, a Chinaman as cook, Mr. Har graves, Mr. Wilcox, and myself. If the weather continues as fine as it has been dnring the last three days, I hope to bo in the Fly Rivtr in two days more. The want of fresh water has prevented onr jnaking greater speed. I and my men are proud of our new flags, for which we are indebted to some ladie6 of Sydney. I have sent you the new eclectus, but have no time for a description of it.' Safe Offeb.— An eminent Yankee journalist has offered a reward of 1,000 dollars fer a tale that will make hi6 hair stand on end. Before ambitious authors enter the field as competitors, it may be well to understand that the generous journalist-is perfectly bald. It is very desirable to he a good reader. - A clergyman is .said to have once read the' following passage from the Bible with the emphasis thus i—' And the old man 6aid unto his sons, saddle me the ass; and they saddled Mm ' 1 