NJiWS OF THE DAI. The Government have at length been brought face to face with tbe vital question raised by tbo Opposition, as to the constitu tional right of tbe Governor to refuse to act upon tbe advice of his responsible Ministers. As soon as the prelimi nary business in the Assembly last evening was dispoBcdof, Mr. Tucker gave notice of bis motion as to tho necessity of referring the question of fresh taxation to the coun try. Uf tins the Government took no notice whatever, nnd Mr. Dnvics was moved into the chair with a view to proceeding with the financial proposals of the Government in committee. Upon this Mr. Berry sub mitted that as the motion of the bon. mem ber for Collingwood amounted to a vote of want of confidence, no further business should be proceeded with until it had been decided. Sir Jos. M'CulIoch replied that he intended to press forward the business of the country undeterred by the Opposition. If any ob struction were attempted, the speaking would have to be undertaken by tbe Oppo sition, as tbe Government and their sup porters would not take part in tbe uselesB debates that were likely to arise. Mr. Berry then moved that the Chairman report pro gress, whereupon a lively discussion ensued. Mr. AVrixon maintained that tbe ac tion of the Opposition iu seeking to put a veto upon the Government proposals was a violation of tbe constitution, but he was answered by Mr. Higinbotham, who considered that the Government were bound to allow tho motion to be debated upon its merits. Several hon. members ad dressed the House, when a division took place upon the motion to report progress, which was negatived. Immediately after wards, on the motion of Sir James M'Cul Ioch, tho House adjourned. As soon as the Honse met last evening, Sir James M'CulIoch adverted to the demise of the late Mr. O'Grady, tbe member for Villiers and Heytesbury, whose loss ho felt was regretted by every member of the Assembly. It was customary, upon making such announcements, to move the adjourn ment of the House as a mark of respect to tbe momory of the deceased. Having re. gard, however, to the state of the publio business, nnd the fact that the funeral had already taken place, he thonght that the for mality might be dispensed with. Mr. Berry agreed with - the remarks of the Premier as to the esteem whioh every mem.' ber of that Honse, irrespective of parties, entertained for the memory of Hie deceased, and regretted that the usual mark of respect could not be shown in this instance. He trnsted that the family and friends of the late Mr. O'Grady would not suppose from the fact of the House not adjourning that tho Assembly wero remiss in their dnty under tho circumstances. Several important notices of question were tabled by bon. members in tho Assembly last evening. Air. Woods intimated that oil Thursday evening he would call the at ten- tion of tbe hon. the Minister of Lands to the existing state of matters in reference to tbe Ararat and Hamilton railway contract, and ask if tbe Government will refrain from taking any farther stops in connection with the proposed railway until the next liailway Extension Bill has been submitted to the consideration of Parliament. Air. Burrowea gave notice of bis intention this evening to ask the honorable the Minister of Mines if it is his intention to place on the Estimates for 187C an amount for prospect ing purposes similar to that voted last year. Mr. Higinbotham will to-night call tho attention of the hon. the Premier to a statement made by the Earl of Carnarvon, in a recent'commnnication ad dressed to the New Guinea Association ; and to inquire whether any representations have been made by Her Majesty's Govern ment for Victoria to Her Majesty's Imperial Government in favor of the annexation of New Guinea by Great Britain. Mr. P. L. Smyth has wisely withdrawn from his proposed candidature for the repre sentation of Villiers and Heytesbury, in order that Mr. Dwyer, who has contested the seat nt two general elections, and hag a considerable number of supporters in tbo eleotorate, may have tbe entire Liberal vote. An important though somewhat irregular debase took place in the Assembly last eyen- ing 'upon the enforcement of the coihpnlsory 'clause 8f the Land AM.-" "The "question 'Was introduced by Mr. MaoBain, who inquired from tbe Government whether it was in tended to grant leases to bona fide selectors who had complied with all the regulations with the exception of residence. In the. course of his remarks the hon. member stated that Mr. Casey, when Minister of Iiands, had allowed it to be understood that wherever there was found to be reason able compliance with the provisions of the act, the residence clause would not be in sisted upon to the letter. This was reso lutely denied, by Mr. Casey. Mr. MacBain read the words of the hon. member as re ported in Hansard, and it was found that the expression used was, " Where the law was satisfied." He thought that such regu lations should be framed, and the act so ad ministered, that selectors at Mandurang should not have a privilege not accorded to others. Air. Gillies intimated that the rnle laid down by Air. Casey had been followed, whioh substantially was that where a selector took up an allotment adjeining or within five miles of his holding he should not lie obliged to comply with the residential clause. Where it was found that the parties wero bonajide selectors, and resided outside this radius, tbe allotments were sold by auc tion with a valuation upon tbe improve ments. The adjournment of the House was moved in order that the question might be fully debated. Air. Casey emphatically con tradicted tbe statement that he bad pro mised to waive the residence clause of the Land Act, and he undertook that if a single instance could be shown where he had made an exception in favor of any of his constituents, he would resign his seat in Parliament, and retire from publio life. At the conclusion of the debate Air. Casey moved for the prodaction of all papers con nected with cases referred to in the re marks of hon. members. A matter of some interest to persons in suring was brought under the notice of the Government last evening, in the Assembly, by Air. Service. It appears that there are in this colony three fidelity guarantee com panies, the conditions attached to whose policies are accepted by the Government. These companies are tbe Australian Alii, ance, the Victorian, and the London. The conditions attached to the policies of tho two former are without any qualification; but in tho case of the latter a clause is al leged to be attached by which the money payable cannot be secured unless the party claiming prosecutes in a law court. Many instances, Mr. Service said, had occurred in which those holding policies preferred fore going their claim' rather than ' run ' the risk of incurring litigation -expenses, with a risk of ultimately losing a portion, if not all, of their claim. Sir James M'Callooh admitted that the question was one of great importance to the commercial community, and stated that be would avail himself of an early opportunity to eubmit tbe condition referred to by Mr. Service for tbe opinion of the law officers of the Crown. Air. Service thereupon remarked that the question was Bimply a matter of contract, not a legal question, and one which might be deter mined by tbe Premier himself, without the aid of tbe legal members of the Govern ment. Sir James Al'Culloch promised that he would give Mr. Service' an opportunity of ' renewing his question at an early date. The question of compensation to those State school teachers who have sustained in jury by the introduction of the present Edu cation Act was again mooted in tbe Assembly last evening. The learned member for the East Bourke Boroughs asked the Govern ment what steps had been taken with a view to giving effect to the resolutions passed by the House in December, 1874, affirming the advisability of reimbursing State school teachers for any reduction in their status which they might have sustained in conse quence of the operation of the new educa tional system. The first of these resolutions bore reference to the classification of teaohers, tbe second related to such a change in their position as would place them on a footing with civil servants, and the third referred to tho actual compensation which they were to receive. Mr. Higinbotham submitted that, having regard to the large number affected by the existing (state of. things, it was desirable that immediate steps should be taken by the Government to give effect to these resolutions. Mr. Ramsay intimated that he had not lost sight of the subject, and that one of his first acts on entering upon the duties of his office was to have regulations drawn up with a view to the distribution of the com pensation. These regulations bad been submitted to the Cabinet, and would be placed before the House in a short time. A petition was presented to tbe Legisla tive Assembly last evening by Air. Colin Campbell, signed by the chairman of the meeting recently held at Natte Yalluck in support of the Government. The resolu tions passed at the meeting in question, dis approving of the obstructive policy of the leader of the Opposition, and expressing confidence in tbo Government, were em bodied in tho petition. The speaker pointed out what he leniently termed an informality in the concluding paragraph of the petition, in which allusion was made to a " factious party," and the doenment was therefore not received. Air. Griffiths, the Minister of Public In struction for Queensland, bad a long inter view with Air. Ramsay yesterday, at tiie Education Office, in reference to the opera tion of tbe compulsory olause in this colony. Tho compulsory clause is only adopted in a limited form in Queensland, since no prose cution for non-compliance with tbe clause can take place witbont an authority direct from tbe responsible Alinister of the de partment ; and it may be inferred that the objeet of Mr. Griffitbs's inquiries in this colony is to ascertain whether it would be practicable to administer the clause iu its integrity in Queensland. A largely-attended meeting of electors of Gipps Ward, favorable to tbe election of Air. W. Stutt, to fill the vacancy caused by tbe resignation of Air. Henry Clarke, was held at Stutt's Hotel last night. Air. Levy occu pied the chair. Several gentlemen spoke in favor of Air, Stutt as tbe representative of the ward in tho City Council, and opinions were freely expressed as to the present de moralised condition of the council. Refer, enoe was made to the manner in which Air, Clarke's resignation has been withheld from the public, although Air. Curtain had evidently been aware of its existence, as he and his friends had been canvassing the ward for some weeks. A resolution was then put and carried unanimously express, ing confidence in Air. Stutt, and pledging those present to use all their influence to secure his return. Air. Stutt having briefly expressed his reasons for coming forward, the meeting terminated. A publio meeting will be held in the Temperance Hall to- morrow. The meeting of the citi2ens of Alelbourne, held in the Town Hall yesterday, to con sider the new regulations dealing with the use of Van Yean water, was not so numerously attended as was desired. The gentlemen who signed the requisition to the Mayor to convene the meeting were con spicuous by their absence, and not a single resolution was prepared for speakers to move. The Alayor, who presided, oh- jscted to the first by-law, which forbade the watering of streets with hydrants, and stated that notwithstanding the notice he had received from the Board of Land and Works in December last, to dis continue tbeir use on and after the 1st of January, he intended to continue to use the hydrants, and to try conclusions with the Go vernment, for he was advised that the by-laws were ultra vira, and the council were entitled to a free use of the water. Mr. J. . Butters succeeded in getting a resolu tion passed affirming'thedesirabilityof thecity and suburban councils getting the Van Yean waterworks transferred to those bodies. After this had been done, the Rev. Mr. Turner proposed a resolution nomi nating the mayors of the city and suburbs, and certain members of Parliament, as a deputation to Wait on the Commissioner of Public Works, to ask that the obnoxious re gulations might be suspended. Tbe usual weekly < committee motingof the Alelbourne Hospital was held yesterday afternoon ; Air. L. Moody in tbe chair. A letter was read from Dr. Duncan, requesting that Dr. Heffernan might be allowed to tako his place as surgeon for one week, as bis new practice necessitated his leaving Alel bourne before his term of notice bad expired. After some discussion as to the qualification of the proposed locum tcnens, the request was granted. A petition was received from a number of frad nates and students at the Melbourne Iniversity, requesting the committee to re. consider their decision as to Dr. Llcwel. lin's being transferred to the surgical side of tho honse, and a communication from Dr- Lie- wellin was also received to the same effect. Air. L. Moody suggested that tho appli. cation should be refused,- on tbe ground-that Dr. Lowellin whs hot legally qualified to fill the post of assistant-surgeon. After a very long technical discussion, it was resolved to take counsel's opinion on the matter, the petition being held over until this had been ascertained. An application for 12 months' leave of absence from Chap man, the doorkeeper, to go to England, on business, was, in consideration of bis having served in that capacity for 20 years, granted. A communication from Air. T. Caselli, as to the plan of ventilating the Hospital, was referred to the building com mittee. Accounts amounting to £2137 10s. Gd. were ordered to be paid. The existenoe of obstructions to naviga tion, not laid down iu any chart of the Aus tralian coast, has been bronght under tho notice of the Government by Capt. Chapfield (of tbe steamer Blackbird), who, during his last voyage, stW an island between Sydney and Cooktown, more south-westerly than any shown in the Sir James Smith group. The ialand, says Capt. Chapfield, is covered with wood. In tbe same neighborhood he saw two rocks not to be found on any chart, and which, if not seen, would be highly dan gerous to navigation. In Chambers yesterday, before Air. Justice Fellows, Mr. AlaoDermott applied that' all proceedings instituted in the'ease of Michaelis v. Cnoney (executor) might be set aside, on the ground that the Summary Bills of Ex change Act did not apply in the case of an administrator. Dr. Alaokay, for the other side, quoted a case from the Irish Court of Exchequer, which, ba argued, showed that the act .in question did ap£ly. His Honor refused to set aside the writ, and held that the action was properly brought. At the City Police Conrt yesterday, a middle aged woman named Margaret Kennedy was charged with obtaining money by false pretences. The woman, who was dressed in partial mohrning, visited a num ber of tradespeople in Carlton, and stated that two of her children werelyingdcadin the house, and that she had no money with which to bury them. She also said that the chil dren had died of scarlet fever, and thnt there were two others in another room. Several perBons, deceived by the plausibility of the woman's tale, gave ber small sums of money, and one gentleman wrote a letter to the press, recommending that some pro vision should be made for the burial of those whose friends were too poor to pay themselves. It was subsequently disco vered that the woman's statement was to tally untrue, and she was arrested by Con stable Walsb. She informed tho bench that she had powhere . to. go, and a gentleman well known to the court stated that he had known her for about 20 years, and he bad no doubt that she bad been driven to such an extreme by the great distress in which she had been for along period. Mr. Wilton, who presided on the bench, remarked that such imposture must be put a stop to, and sentenced her to ono month's imprisonment with bard labor. Before tbe Minister of Lands yesterday, Mr. Ross, on behalf of John Magrath, of Pernim, made an effort to obtain a re-bearing in tha cases recently decided by tbe Sur veyor- General at Warrnambool. Mr. Gillies said that Air. Skene had acted on instruc tions to decide finally, and that he was not going to re-open the coses. Another accident from the carele99 use of firearms occurred on Monday near Kew, when a young man named Wade, who wa9 duck-shooting in the locality, was acci dentally shot fa the breast by a companion. Dr. Molloy was sent for and extracted be- tween 30 and 40 large-sized, shot from the body of tbe sufferer, who is now progressing favorably towards recovery. A deputation from the West Bourke Agricultural Society waited yesterday upon Mr. W. J. Clarke to congratulate him on bis safe return to the colony, after an absenco of 15 months. According to the Journal Officiel of tbe French Republic, Alarshal MacMuhon has, by a decree dated 11th November, 1875, conferred on Air. Edward Adet, of the firm of Curcier and Adet, tho distinction of Knight of the Legion of Honor, for services rendered in tbe Australian colonies and In New Caledonia to French commerco and navigation. Tho tender of Alessrs. Overend and Robb at £177,320 was accepted by the Com. missioner of Railways yesterday, for the construction of the Ararat and Hamilton Railway. Those gentlemen were the next highest tenderers to Air. J. Price, whosa tender was provisionally accepted, but was subsequently forfeited for non-payment of bis deposit money. The tender of Air. - Price was £170,730. By the mail just in the Conaul- General of France has received from his Excellency the Minister of Foreign Affairs a despatch acknowledging the receipt of tbe first two drafts, amounting together to £506 13s. Gd., whioh bad been forwarded on the Gth Sep tember last by tbe committee of the French Flood Relief Fund. The Due Deeazes waa touched upon being informed of the deep sympathy expressed towards his unfortunate countrymen by the dignitaries of both the Catholic and Protestant Churches, by the public authorities of Victoria, by the mem- bers of tbe consular body, and by the publia in general, to all of whom his Exoellency ex presses sentiments of gratitude on behalf of the French Government. The Government schooner Albert returned to Fort Albert yesterday, after having gone in search of any indications that might be found of the Essie Black, The master re ports to the Customs department that, after duo search in the Hogaa a Group, he could find no signs of any survivors from the wreck of the vessel named. Portions of the stern of a vessel were, however, found on Deal Island, with the name Essie Blaok painted thereon. Mr. Mirls, a draughtsman in the Locomotive Superintendent's office, Spencer-street, is the successful competitor for the best designs for railway carriages. He competed under the nom de plume of "Cosmopolitan," and was awarded the first and second prizes by the board appointed to examine the plans. Mr. T. Higinbotham, the Engineer-in- Chief of the Victorian Railways, returned to Melbourne by the R.M.S. Mongolia. Mr. Wells, the acting Engineer-in-Chief, Mr. Greene, the resident engineer at Kyneton, Mr. Meikle, of the Locomotive department, and Mr. Anderson, assistant traffic manager, boarded the steamer at Queenscliff, and welcomed Mr. Higinbotham back. Yesterday that gentleman reported himself, and paid friendly visits to the officers of the department. He will resume active duties at once. A deputation from the shire of Yackan- dandah waited upon Air. Steavenson, the Secretary of Railways, yesterday (in the ab sence of tha Commissioner), for the purpose of protesting against the proposed severance of a portion of the shire at Wodonga. Alessrs. Kerferd and G. V. Smith accom panied the deputation. It was urged that although the residents at Woodend were favorable to the severance, tbe ratepayer! in a large portion of the area proposed to be excised strongly objected. Farther in quiries into the matter were therefore asked, I Sir. SteaYenson promised that r-' tli'-c sli- "'1 he done in the matter for the nexUhree weeks, so as to give those who objected to the severance time to ej.are acounterpe- tition. He also promised that Mr. Kiiev, the district inspecting engineer, shouid com municate with the engineer of the shire of Vackandandab, for the purpose of ascertain ing whether an adjustment of boundaries could not be agreed upon so as to sever only those who wished for disunion. The suspicious circumstances attaching to the death of Louis Wollf Lewis, in the Lew Asylum, will be under the consideration ot the Chief Secretary to-day. Mr. Alaokay last nieht tabled a question in the Assembly, for Thursday evening, as to whether it is the intention of the Government to institute an inquiry into the matter. Mr. Forster, M.P., spoke at Edin burgh on Education in November last, when receiving the honorary gift of the free dom of the city of Edinburgh, and told an excellent story of the use education had been to Scotchmen. A Scotchman re cently applied to a Bradford manufacturer lor the place of porter. "Are you nre " says the manufaoturer, " that you mean porter ?" "Porter to begin with, says the Scotchman. "Yes," says the manufacturer, "porter to begin with, but parther to end with. I have had three Scotchmen porters to begin with, and all three are my partners now." Mr, F. Linden, Router's agent in Mel bourne, has received by the mail a copy of the report, printed in the /English and French languages, of the International Telegraphic Congress, held recently at St. Petersburg. Mr. Linden believes this to be the only copy received in Victoria, and will bo happy to show it at his office to anyone interested in the important questions dealt with by the congress. The electric telegraph has been extended to Lorne, and the office at that place is now available to the public. Mr. M'Kean made an application to the, bench of the District Court yesterday for. a summons to be granted calling on Captain Philips, of the ship M. E. Evans, to show cause why he should not pay off and grant the discbarge of two seamen be longing to that vessel, named William Croaker and Joseph Pomeroy, on the ground that they were in danger of their lives from his cruelty. Mr. Call, P.M., who presided, intimated that the summons would be granted. Mr. Marcus Clarke's novel, His Natural Lite, has been re-published in London by Messrs. Bentley and Sons. The Athemeum, the Spectator, Vanity Fair, the Graphic, the Standard and the Morning Post speak in favorable terms of the book as a romance of great power. At the Heidelberg PoliceCourton Monday, two prisoners were brought up charged with attempting to commit suicide. The first was on old man named Thomas Wide, who resides at Eltham. Senior-constable Lyons deposed that about three o'clock on Sunday alternoon he found the prisoner in a culvert near the Eltham police station with a wound in his throat, from which "blood was flowing very freely;" also found a knife which was covered with blood. The senior-constable asked for a remand for seven days. Prisoner said, " I'm very sorry : it was the drink. 1 did it on the impulse' of the moment." . The remand was granted. The other prisoner was an elderly woman named Mary Shanks, residing at Templestowe, and the evidence went to show that on Sunday she threw herself into a watcrhole within a short distance of her residence, and, when "pulled out by some chaps who were passing," she threw herself iu again. One witness swora " She was no soonerout than she was in again ;" and another deposed to haviug heard her say, " I will either drown myself or cut my throat." In reply to the charge, prisoner at first said, " I know nothing at all about it but after the wit nesses had given their evidence she said, "I was going to church, and took a fit, and fell into the hole." One of the witnesses was asked why he did not make an attempt to rescue a woman who was supposed to be drowning. The witness replied, with the most consummate sang froid, "1 didn't like to wet my feet." The bench oautioued the woman and told her to go home. lho geological map of the Australasian group, which has been in course of pre paration by Mr. Brough Smyth since the month of .April, 1873, has been finally re vised. and the first complete copies were issued on Mbnday in the Mining department. The map, at earlier stages in the course of its preparation, has been fully reviewed by this journal. Suffice it to say that as now published it will form an invaluable reference. The scale is 110 miles to the inch, and the coloring applied to the different geological strata is sufficiently simple to per mit of instantaneous detection, thus still further enhancing the value of the work as a source of information. By order of the Minister a catalogue has been Drepnred illustrative of the exhibits forwarded by the department to the Philadelphia Exhibition, and containing also a great deal of informa tion relative to the mineral resources of the colony generally. CopieB of this compile- tion were also issued from the department yestorday. Tho operative bakers held their financial meeting in the Trades' Hall on .Saturday evening ; Mr. J. M 'Donald in the chair. Tho preliminary business having been dis posed of, the half-yearly balanae-sheet was read, showing — Balance last audit, £14 17b. 4d.; contributions, £20 Is. Gd,; en- t ance fees, £2 10s.; lines and books, £1 3s.; total, £38 lis. 10d.; expenditure, £14 3s. 4d. ; leaving balance now in hand, £24 8s. (id. The auditors reported having examined all books and vouohers, and found them cor rect and in good order. All tho business having been disposed of, the meeting closed. At the District Conrt yesterday, before Mr. Call, P.M., and a bench of magistrates, two cases of assault, alleged to have been committed on the high seas, were heard. In the first instance, the chief oflicor of the a. Borthwick Castle, from Frederickstadtto Mel- bourne, charged the captain, Wm. Anthohy, with assault, and in the second the captain charged the mate with having assaulted him. It appeared that the captain caused a martin gale to be put up to balance the ship, and some words ensued between him and the mate with regard to the way in which it was done. The captain ordered the mate to assist him in hauling in ,the "slack," but instead of doing so he looked on, and left the captain to do it himself. He puBhed against tne captain in some manner, who then struck him in the face. The mate re. taliated, and gave the captain a black eye. Several of the crew, who are all Swedes, and apeak very little English, were called as wit- ntsses, and deposed to tho violent character of the captain, who, they alleged, gave them bad food, and threatened their lives, having on one .occasion fired a revolver through a skylight at the man going to relieve at the wheel. Mr. Emerson appeared for the cap tain, and Mr. Fisher for the mate. Mr. Call remarked that the ship having been in port a month before the summonses in the cases before the court were taken out, both of them would be dismissed, and recommended that if the men were afraid to go to sea with the captain, as they stated, a summons should be taken out calling upon the captain to pay them off, and grant their discharge on that ground. Mr. Fisher promised to do this, and the case will probably be before the court in a few days. We have received the first nutaber of the Commercial, a journal to be published bi weekly at Hamilton. In making his bow to the public, the editor says: — "We do not feel disposed to enter upon the arena of politics, except where these bear with weight upon the interests of the district, and especially upon those of the agricultu rists, a class which has been lamentably neg. lected in the Western district." The first number of our youthful contemporary has a very creditable appearance. \- 7\ ith reference to Baron Von Mueller's pamphlet on Papuan Plants, a copy of which reached us the other day, we ex pressed surprise that it should- have been noticed by the Sydney press before copies l.ad been forwarded to the Melbourne Journals. It has since been explained to us that a proof copy was sent to Sir Wm. M Arthur, of Sydney, at whose expense the plants had been collected, and that thus, no doubt, the notice found its way into the Syd- ney papers. In connection with the gold returns ro- oently published by the Custom House and the Mint, _ it may be stated that the amount of \ ictorian gold in the hands of the various banks and their branches on the 31st De. cember last was 112,093 oz. The Opera House was well attended last night, when the pantomime, Fortunatus, was again performed. Miss Melville was well received as usual, and the magnificent trans formation scene evoked continued applause, Froggee Would a-Wooing Go attracted a numerous audience at the Royal last night. The numerous incidental songs and the per- formance in general received the hearty ap probation of the audience, the picturesque panorama and the transformation scene being received with particular favor, At St. George's Hall last night the attend ance was again good. The Fakir of Oolii s ghost illusion a la Pepper came in for applause, and tho fairy fountain and rails ot N iagara were received with the usual marks of favor. Tho working of the trap in tho ghost illusion might bo much improved. . The annual meeting of the Northern Riflo Club will be held to- morrow evening, in the East Melbourne Orderly-room. The detectives require an owner for a pair ot blankets (double) found in the possession of David Wilson, arrested yesterday by Detectives Kennedy and Potter upon a charge of stealing the same. . The half-yearly summoned meeting of the Australian Natives' Association takes place this eveuing, at eight o'clock, .at Hockin'a rooms, Elizabeth-street, at which hdsiness of considerable importance will be transacted. We have to acknowledge receipt of part 21 ot Edwin Carton Booth's Victoria Illustrated ; List of Members of tho Institution of Engineers ; and the Twenty-third Annual Report of the Couucil of the City of Manchester on tho Working of the Public Free Libraries. The directors of tho Victorian Humane Society have received a special invitation to witness tho capabilites of Cornish's life-saving appnratus. The experiments will be made at tbe Railway Pier, Sandridgo, this afternoon, at half-past four p.m. 