CHINA TOWN. (ATorn epiwoarta fDixoa's While U-?nrsestO A starYNT ipart of the population-a seven-i tieth part of the surface-of San Francisco' is Asiatic. All Orientals pack closer , than Europeans, A man may see big crowds in many octies: Russ and Tartars at Nishmi Novgorod, Copts and Armenians in Jeru. smalem, Arabs and Algerines in Cairo; but in neither Russia, Syria, nor Egypt can he see such crowds as we find packed in the Asiatio quarter of San Francisco. The term Asiatic quarter may suggest a separate portion of the city, walled off from the remaining part like China Town in Moo. cow; but the Asiatic quarter in San Francisco is an open colony, like May Fair in London, like the Second District in New York. The Chinese have squatted in the very heart of San Francisco. Lock Sin's tea-house in Jackson-street may be regarded as the heart of this new Asiatic empire in America; for in Jackson-street, grouped around Lock Sin's balcony, lie the Chinese banks and stores, the Chinese stalls and markets, the Chinese theatres and gambling-hells; while off this thoroughfare, to the right and left, extend the blind alleys and nameless passages in which reside the Chinese rogues and thieves, with their un. failing complement of female slaves. Here, bright with paper lanterns, glare the two great tea-houses kept by Look Sin and Hing Kee, in which you sip green tea and watch the dancing-girls perform their rites. Here, rich in red and black flags, and musical with gongs and cymbals, stands Ye Hu Un Choy, the royal theatre, in which a grand historical play, a hobroniole of the Ming dyn asty, has been going on for three weeks past, and is to run on briskly for about nine weeks yet to come. In front of us, hardly, less rich in red and yellow paint, hardly less noisy with shawm and tom-tom, rises Sing Ping Yuen, the new theatre, in which lighter pieces are performed, not lasting more than thirty or forty nights. Hereabouts lie the tan-collars and thieves' gaming- cribs, in which sallow wretches and their hideous partners of the other sex indulge in the lawless pleasure of staking their bottom dollar on a domino. About these cellars lie the opium-dens, to which the gamesters come in their frenzy, and snatch thie still more fearful joy of stak. ing their health and manhood on a fume of poppy-juice. Round that corner stands the great joss- house, a large room, hung with screens and banners, dazzling in red and gold, in which an idol squats; not a Mongolian god, with flat and shaven face, and turned up Tartar eyebrows, but ai Teutonie monster, with straight nose, fair moustache, and pointed beard. Befo're this foreign idol, tea cups hiss and fuzees burn by night and day. China Town is running over San Francisco, spreading to east and west, to north and south. The Asiatics have seized a good part of Dupont-street and Kearney.street, swarmed into Pine-street, invaded Stockton and Pacific streets, and got their foot in Califor nia- street. Some houses in these streets are owned by Mongolians. When Asiatics get their feet inside a door they drive the Euro peans out. A European cannot stand the fume and stench, the dirt and din. Thus, shop by shop and street by street they crawl along, a swarm of clean and unclean things, so oddly mixed that white men shrink from them in fear and wrath as from a company of lepers. No white man likes to sleep tinder the nams roof with ai yellow man ; no white woman likes to pass through Jackson-street. A rookery and a cosspool drive off decent folk. Lot us drop into some of those houses, no fear of lepers in our hearts, and see those Asiatincs in their homes. Not far from Look Sin's tean- houno stands a big edifice, first used as the Globe Hotel; a house four storeys high above the ground, six windows to the front, and boasting of rooms onough for fifty guoets. Inoluding vaults and atties there may bo fifty rooms in all. Surrounded by the Chinoso rookery, this Globo Hotel, no longer fit for decent visitors, is lot to Leoo Si Tut, a rich Chinese, who re iota hise apartments to Chinesooe residents of the bettor claus--to shopmon, waiters, olorko, and agonts. Leo Si Tiut takes earn to have no tenant of bad roputo. A thief, a rag-pickor, a night-prowler cannot hire a bed in his hotel. No painted women paac his door. Tan and other lawlesis games are forbidden. No wrangling or fighting ii allowed within the hous,. So far an order can be mado by rules, order is said to roign among Leoo Si Taut'n tenants; and the Gloho Hotel in Jack ton-street may ibe regarded asn the royal khan and eummer-palsoo of the Chineso empire in America. Paes on. O, Loo Si Tut I A, slokoning odour groats your nontrils on hi steps. A rook comes out of overy door, and dirt liones heaped on every landing-otago. Tho daet of years eonoruto his window- panes. Compared with this Gloo l[otel, under Loss Si Tt;, a Turkish or Spanish uIrieton it a isesort place. The banisters drip; the paseagoo sweet. A blank and fistid clime rune down the wallse. And thou what prosu ind multituds of toersts on the stairs and in the romns I Meon iwarur at every door, and orowd down over utago; each pal and Inelancholy wrioth vomiting his narcotic poiosen'in your fiae. A nresu loss horror roemes to brood in overy cornor of the houso, for out of. overy cirnor gliro the "peetral oyoe of beings fevered by tan, and stuptiod with drugs. Each room, arranged for the aooomrunda.. tion of a singlo gusit, is sithor parted into nix or coven eostions Isy a strings of matse, or shclvod in tiori all round the wal'l. Shoeves art proforrnd, sissieO no otne stsOt tO iipay fisr privacy ; and a room that will only slaop six or avesn in cnotions may te got to ileoul a dozon oesisdlvos. F'ross 'ault to attii, each room is foul with smoko snd black with dirt, anti choked with maen. No lhs U t hsu lfons hundred ghasdty creaturie find a Isdging day and night in thit Chineso paradiie I 'ootm crowded and unwhtoil omn I hawv isem heforo--at in fuisct at Einieodeln, a mtd homeso in Naplpe, an iniglrant thipi at fivor pitl, a burrack ts tSl Nilh--Istt nowusro have Il selon huIion utrenetune esaeked and trut'sid tu thoet tsaenstt of the (lhstiss ilatul are piaoked and crushedt. Ltin Si Tat Issa hii houno i eeays to oight hundred tesants; whislh would give hist, in a houot elf nixety rnesnie, iluhsdiithg osellisr and lofts, thirtotin tttinisntt to innh chtiit'or; tut the reatiehs sehlset i ht, s alegne, nut c' half hisi reist, hsy uhblottling their eholvcu to nsen who ocuntipy them only haltf tice day. Inquiry shsnse ties that this story of iib-lotting and divhting thi room is atrictly true. Kf Wgok lets his shelf to Li Ho; Ki Wgok using his shelf for twelve hours, and giving it up to Li He for the other twelve hours. In? some rooms three sets of lodgers occupy the shelves each twenty-fours-eight hours apiece. SYet those who lodge in this hotel live in a light and roomy palace by the side of those who live in the labyrinth of courts and styes, yards and entries, lying round Bartlett-alley. Here some of the white settlers in San Francisco throw up their hives. The ground is undrained. The lo, shanties were run up hastily and cheaply; and in these fever-haunted hovels, rotter. with age, putrid with filth, overrnn with vermin, the Mongolians make their home. They creep into vaults, they climb into eaves, they burrow in the earth. In hole's unfit for dogs you may discover tenor twelve wasted creatures sprawling on shelves, staring into space, and trying to smoke, them selves into the opium-droamer's paradia. Worse still, if in the " lowest dephl" there can be a "deeper still," is the thieves' quarter; a district running in and out ol more respectable quarters with a rare in difference as to social forms. In the thieves' quarter it is well to have a guide and escort, for the Chinese criminal has curious ways, and your ramble in his purliuea should be made at night. All round Bartlett- alley lie the thieves' wards and cribs; foul attics, falling balconies, underground kennels; with a few spikes of jose-wood burning at every door. Rags rot on the ground and garbage poisons the air. Slush squirts at you from under every plank, and where tihe planks fail you the earth appears to, be a running sore. Rag-shops and receiving-houses hide in old pits and hollows under the plank floors. In all these damp and loathesome holes a swarm of Asiatics wallow in the filth, their pale and ghastly faces rendered visible by the flicker of a reeking lamp. Pah ! Fear lurks in every Mongol eye, and does peration glowers from overy Mongol face. In passing from yard to yard you catch the slam of doors, the shoot of bolts, and fool by instinct that every ruffian behind those planks alarmed by strange footsteps and loud voices in the dead of night, is listening at his door, with hatchet raised to strike or rifle poised to fire. "Open the door!" cries our guide, in a peremptory tone, stepping in front of a log cabin. "Open the door! " "You fooleo me? You foolee me?" " No, no. Open the door ! " The voice is recognised within; the door is slowly opened, and you peep into the crib a cupboard as to size, but occupied by five or six men and women. Heaps of stolen goods are on the floor; but neither blade nor gun is visible. At another crib we are repulsed. To the inquiry, "how? you foole me ?" we answer as before, "no, no; " but, instead of seeing the door open, we catch a rapid exchange of whispers inside. "Go; you foolee me I" cries a voice, ao companied by the clicklr of a rifle. "Dip and slide," whispers ourcompanion, and we instantly dip and elide. In Stout's-alley, and in tihe yards around this sink of squalor and iniquity, lodge the partners of these thieves and murderers the female slaves. Lot us get out into the open street! "You have now seen a little of our Chinese quarter," says my companion, as we enter Look Sin's tea-house about two o'clock, and order a refreshing cup. " What you have soon in Sarin Francisco you may see in Sacramento, Stockton, San Jose, and other towns. Wherever John plants his foot, he builds a China Town, and people's it with harlots, criminals, and slavoes. We got some very cheap labor, and our financiers say they nood cheap labor 'to developo the country.' What think you of the price we pay for our do volopment? " While we are sipping tea on Look Sin's balcony, ai yell comen up from the street below. AOhinoso fightison. AhKing, aCOhi nose scamp, is employed by the city officers, and in the slang of his Asiatic country such a spy is called a ghost. Of late the ghost has boon too busy, his celostial countrymen think, oven for a paid spy ; and two Asiatics who have just come out of jail are Dotting on him, one moon-face with a hatchet, the sooond moon-face with a knife. From every door in the street ewarmn out ai crowd, and in an instant fifty Chincae lanterns heave and drop along the flags. " Excuoseo me," says my escort, and before I can reply, hIe is gone from my side. King vanielsi-likelo ai ghost. Moon-faco with the knits escapee, just ati my escort nwoopes into the murderous circle; but the follow with the hatchoet is arrested on the spot and car riod to the city ward. Hia weapon, when oxamined, proves to be a long blado, shoathttl in ai layor of fine cloth, no that in case of a fatal plungo the blood might have boon at once removed and the itainileos knifo roplainnd under the whito imook, ras clan and innoceut in appesrance as the noft-oyoeh Asiatic who had plungnd it into his neigh lar's heart I 