-AMERIGA1T GENTENNTAIj ..i.' J.' EXHIBmON. ]| J FFropi our Special CorregpondeaVl! t I ' jane: 13. 1 THE SOUTH ATT8TRAT.TAN COUBT." | At length the principal blanks inthe Australian division of the' main- hall -haye been filled up, andthe representation ^of the British colonies is praeticaHy comj plete. It is only at the lastmbment tha^ this result has been achieved. - The dis agreeable task of selecting from amongst the goods Bubmecged in the Skenyvore such articles as are fit or can be made fit for exhibition has been bo recently finished that even now the courts are scarcely open to the public. Official representatives are still busy putting the touches-on their handiwork, and in more than one -department there are vacant spaces re served for exhibits which are being repolished or otherwise made present able. Although South Australia has suffered less - than her companions in affliction, Victoria and Tasmania, yet it is a fact that the damage wrought has greatly enhanced the difficulty of making a creditable show. Had all the shipments come to hand in first-rate condition, the display would have fallen short of what was to have been expected of South Australia. How then could it be possible with the reduced exhibit to give a proper idea of the colony's relative importance ? Of course it has been impossible, but the Commis sioners have made the most of the materials at their disposal. The court for its attractiveness owes almost as much to their skill and good taste as to the articles it contains. No doubt the splendid collection of copper ore, the magnificent assortmenfbf fleeces, the sacks of golden grain, the copious exhibits of wine, and the choice furs,' rugs, and dressed sheep skins, which form the leading features in the South Australian contribution, would have arrested the attention of Judges, even had they been thrown together in admired confusion, but they would have been overlooked by the multitude amid the wealth of fasci nating objects with which the great ball is crowded. As it is, the court since it has been partly thrown open has been daily filled with visitors allathirst for in formation. It matters not that Queens land, New South Wales, and New Zea land threw wide their portals weeks ago, and that an inspection of what they have to show has taken off the edge of popular curiosity with regard to Australia and its resources. There is enough of variety in the exhibits of South Australia, invitingly spread out as they are, to awaken a special interest in the country that: produced them, and the time of Messrs. Davenport and West-Erskine, which up till the last day or two had been unceasingly occupied in the laborious work of classifying and arranging, is now more agreeably spent in entertaining enquiring strangers, and enlightening their worse than Egyptian darkness as to the capabilities of Australia Felix. And now a word, or two about what there is for the visitor to see. The court, as I have before explained, faces the central avenue, and separates the depart ment of Victoria from that of New South Waies. It is enclosed on the eastern and western sides by walls about 15 feet high, which, but for a modest cornice, are per fectly plain from top to bottom. The northern end, which abuts on a subsidiary avenue, is virtually left open, but over it as over the southern extremity is sus pended a silken banner of the same pattern as that adopted by the whole of the British dominions, -with the name of the province emblazoned upon it. The front is of the simplest and most inexpensive order, the open wooden archway above the chief entrance being surmounted by a large outline map of Australia, upon which South Australia is conspicuously deli neated. A broad black line indicates the course of the Overland Telegraph, and brief statistics are given as to the size of the colony, the extent of settlement within its borders, its revenue, and its exports and imports. On each side of the doorway are arranged in as near to trophy form as the circum stances will allow the native weapons sent from the Northern Territory. It is a fact, as strange as it is gratifying, that no picture of an Australian aborigine accom panies these relics. The portraits of naked braves in other Australian Courts may be characteristic, but so also are they exceedingly repulsive. In the centre of room are tables covered with maroon cloth. On the one nearest the en trance are laid out the samples of copper ore sent from London by Mr. Dutton. ' So far as I have seen they form the finest collection of this description of mineral to be met with at the Exhibition, and this view is confirmed by the testi mony of many a delighted visitor. In the centre of the table is a solid mass of malachite encrusted with blue carbonate, and around it are grouped specimens of native copper, sulphurets, sulphates, car bonates, oxides, and indeed of all the-com binations to be found throughout the vast cupriferous areas of South Australia. In the immediate front are placed lumps of peacock ore of surpassing beauty. The only faults to be found in regard to this exhibit are-first, that the bench is too small for its effective display; and second, that the collection itself is rather too prosaic to occupy so prominent a position. It would have been better to have had in its place some object more likely to invite the notice of the passer-by, whilst it would have formed a most appropriate centre piece for the room. This, however, is but a small matter, and moreover it is the only point in the arrangements in any way open to challenge. In every other respect it would be impossible to improve upon what has been done. Immediately behind the copper table-which, by the way, is made to accommodate several samples of rich iron ore-stands the case of native birds and animals forwarded by Mr. F. G. Waterhouse. Some of its occupants have fallen victims to the perils of the sea, but enough remains to illus trate favourably the natural history of the colony. Next in rotation comes a pile of timber, chiefly from the Northern Terri tory, which contains many fine speci mens, but yet looks very meagre in comparison with the huge blocks of brightly-polished wood contributed by New South Wales. Unfortunately, too, they have been disfigured by the salt water, some of them so badly that they have had to be revarnished. Tne remainder of the centre space is occupied by the wine display, which is attractively set out in bottles and decanters, ranged tier upon tier on a capacious stand. The exhibitors in this department number twenty or thirty, and the Commissioners have about one hundred and seventeen dozen bottles to provide space for. TTa.lf a dozen from each case are kept in the court, while the remainder will have to be otherwise dealt with- A very generous Bupply will be reserved for private cellars, and Sir. Davenport hopes to arrange for the sale of the rest, as well as of a number of hhds. of wine brought by the Skerryvore, which yet lie in the cellars of the New York CuBtom-House. The quantity to be dis posed of is less by two pipes than the: -original -consignment-it-faot~-yet~-4o b« accounted. for " by Captain. Stoddart or s-, Aboak xtijui Kjuality :-of: the; wine J all that* «kid7k:iiiati the-^few bottles-which^baye 5been opened toe;in cxfceUcnt confliiHon, ;and:thatthebulk shipments cappear. to be perfectly sound. -« r ~ i.t.;" ,*.- Along the easternwall isarowof cases, 20 in all, each containing - a single fleece, collected from - difiere&t; putt 1 of , the country. Here slre^repraienied the wool of the South-Eastern District, of the Far North, and. of all the leading inter mediate pastoral regions. Over .these exhibits ace casements, wherein Are more fleeces, and an ornate display of dressed sheepskins, some of them of a snowy, whiteness, others dyed' to suit the most varied tastes. The show of wool, although not so extensive as' that of some other provinces, notably New South Wales and Tasmania, is the one thingin the Exhibition upon which South Aus tralia has reason to congratulate herself. The remaining spaces on this eastern enclosure axe worthily filled with photo graphs descriptive of agricultural and pastoral life in-South Australia, photo graphs of the Adelaide Botanic Garden, which, as has before been pointed out, have no fault except that they are too small; an interesting case of silk and silk cocoons from the plantation of Mr. F. Worm; Dr. Schomburgk's invaluable books, comprising pressed specimens of indigenous plants, which happily have been delivered in perfect condition; a box of hops from Mount Gambier; photographs of animals, and exquisitely-arranged samples of wool furnished by Mr. Angas; The western wall and the benches which run along its entire length are ornamented with a great variety of interesting objects. There are samples of olive oil, shown by Mr. Davenport and Mr. Barnard, which look, at least as pure and good as any that Spain or Italy supplies; and there is a case of cereals, including nearly a dozen sorts of wheat, some of them of a quality certainly unsurpassed in the Exhi bition; three of flour, two of peas and oats, one each of linseed and sunflower, holcus, rye, rapegrass and other seeds. There are large broad sheets presenting a statistical account of the province,, and other, information of peculiar interest to those seeking a home.where wages are high and the cost of necessaries moderate; there are glass frames enclosing, a charming assortment of rugs, furs, mufls, collarettes, and articles of a kin dred character, made from the skins of indigenous birds and a.nim».l« There is a choice collection of raisins, currants, and other dried fruits sent in by Mr. Thos. Hardy and the Commissioners, most of which are untainted by time and uninjured by salt water. There are exhibits of bark used in tanning, and of Coorongite from the South-Eastern District-the latter strangely like an article shown by Canada as being met with in the oil - measures of the Dominion. There are models of fruit exquisitely prepared by Miss Gray, and still in an admirable state of preservation. There is a fragment of cork-oak, forwarded by Mr. Arthur Hardy, which, although insignificant in compari son with slabs of the same material dis played in Machinery and Agricultural Halls, yet serves to illustrate pleasingly the variety of South Australian produce. There are copper and silver knicknacks contributed by Mr. Nitschke; and, not to be too discursive, twenty other interesting etceteras, which serve to point a trophy or 'adorn a; bench. Finally, there are the jewellery supplied by Messrs. Wendt and Steiner. or such aa is left of it; the emu eggs forwarded by modest gentlemen under cover of the Commissioners' names; and a rich and rare assortment of gold-quartz and other minerals from the Northern Territory, in the eyes of the ordinary sight- seer these groups constitute the crowning charm of the court. It is orer them that visitors fondly linger, wearying themselves with conjectures, or overwhelming Mr. Davenport with questions as to the figures on the jewellery, the size and: habits of the emu, and the means of procuring a stock of the quartz through which the gold is glittering with such tempting brilliancy. There is a danger indeed that the beauty of the specimens will work the undoing of the exhibitors. The cases are vigilantly watched day and. night, but quis custodiet ipsos custodes. Only last week a collection of gold corns was abstracted from the Victorian Court, and a dozen of wine from the South Australian Court, and it is more than suspected that the men on guard were the robbers. Further precau tions are now taken, but human nature is weak all the world over. The spirit of cupidity which in Australia led to the plundering of Mr. Wendt's jewel case is potent among the dollar-loving watch men of America, and Hie producer who would be absolutely safe must refrain from exhibiting altogether. What I have written does not exhaust the South Australian Court. Dozens of photographs which line the walls have been undescribed. Cases of preserves, liqueurs, and meat extract, which are to be used in adorning the wine-stand, have been unmentioned, and many articles now in process of restoration have been left unenumerated. I have an excuse for omitting reference to the survey maps which were to have been forwarded, for they have not been heard of, and to the " South Australian Handbook," for it has only just arrived in the Illinois, and if unpacked I have not - seen a copy of it; and as for other oversights, they must be supplied from official sources or from the reports of the American newspapers, which are still showing Australia favours as ungrudging as they are precious. OF THE VICTORIAN COURT there would be much, more to say were it not to a large extent a reproduction of the Victorian Exhibition of 1875. The aim of the Commissioners evidently has been to send in as many of the articles displayed in Melbourne .as the goodwill of contributors or the capacity of the Skerryvore would admit. Their intention in this is not quite clear, and the mode of arrangement adopted here renders the purpose of the premier colony in taking part in the "World's Show still more obscure. "Whether it is that the destruc tion of articles en route has made it im practicable to carry out the original design, or that no well- defined de sign had been preconceived, the fact remains that the display is less national, less striking, and more confusing than that of any of the other provinces. It does not so much illustrate the things ill which Victoria, in common with her neighbours, excels, as it betokens a desire on her part to show that she is more than a mere colony-a mere primitive pro ducer of raw materials. She has been ambitious to compete with manufacturing nations, and the result been a sad dis closure of manufacturing impotence. After wandering through courts filled to overflowing with the choicest products of the fabricating Bkill of old-established peoples it is almost ludicrous to pass into this department and see such a feeble reflection of that skill in the articles winch cover the immense floor space which Vic toria made such prudent haste to secure. Protection certainly gains little credit from the Showf for few of the protected manufactures exhibitedare of more than commonplace -quality. The tweeds, fo^ \- example, are nobetter, if indeed they are aa*gbod, as those of New South Wries; where the production of woollen goods obtains. no direct encouragement from the State, and to other arti-i cles the same remark applies. Con sidering how large an experience of exhibitions Mr. George Collins Levey, the Secretary, has had, and -the irre proachable Judgment and taste of Sir Redmond Barry, the Chief Executive Commissioner, it is singular that there Bhould be so little system in the adjust ment of the exhibits. The only reasona ble explanation is that Mr. Levey is too closely engaged in business relating to the Skerryvore lawsuit and Sir Redmond too actively employed in collecting for public use information as to the institutions of America and the contents of the Exhibi tion to be able to do more than casually superintend the work of arrangement. The court itself is divided into two distinct compartments-one facing the main avenue, which, about equals in size the South Australian division; and another of considerably larger extent in the rear. In the deco ration of the principal front much good taste has been shown. On one side of the doorway there is a collection of raw silk disposed in a most effective manner ; an elaborately-carved sideboard and pier-glass, before which stands a gigantic kangaroo ; a small table sup porting an opossum climbing up a diminu tive gum- tree ; and a sprinkling of pic tures, including Shaw's beautiful painting of a tranquil pool embosomed in the Otway Ranges. On the other side there is the leading novelty of the Australian exhibition-a glass case filled with real apples brought all the way from Mel bourne via San Francisco. The fame of this achievement has spread far and wide, and a formal inspection of the exhibit has been made by hundreds of privileged guests to whom invitations were issued. There is no disputing the genuine ness of the display, for the air is filled with the unmistakeable aroma of apples, and decay has seized upon a portion of the fruit. In this matter, at all events, Victoria has made a palpable hit, and deserves full credit for demonstrating the ease with which fruit can be kept fresh during a journey of 10,000 miles by simply packing it in cotton wool. Unluckily at this early stage in the description of "V ictorian exhibits unmixed congratulation ends. For the centre piece of the principal court no better provision has been found than an obelisk of biscuits from the manu factory of Messrs. Swallow & ArieL It is very elegantly got up, and the biscuits are marvellously tempting to a hungry spectator, but there is nothing charac teristic of Australia in such an exhibit nothing to distinguish Victoria from half a dozen Union States which have sent even finer assortments of biscuits, but which have been banished to the Agricultural Hall. Around this chef d'ceuvre are grouped in irregular order a second and less imposing pyramid of biscuits; a singularly lifelike selection of stuffed Australian animals, including a wallaby, an emu, a dingo, a black swan, a native companion, and one or two other curiosities; a case of the prepared of birds, beasts, and bats; another of wax candles; a third of vinegar and liqueurs, in wood and in glass ; a fourth of leather, representing wallaby, calf, sheep, and ox skins; a fifth of leather, in which fancy sorts preponderate; a sixth of brass castings, sadly discoloured by sea water ; a seventh of modelled fruits and tobacco \- pipes; an eighth containing cruses of mallee and eucalyptus oils; a ninth of vegetable and mineral oils, diver sified by medical preparations; a tenth supporting a magnificent display of gold in quartz from the Acadia Catherine Mining Company's property; and an eleventh dedicated to models of celebrated gold nuggets, which in the eyes of the vulgar are neither more nor less than the nuggets themselves; sup plement these by three or four show stands for tweeds, blankets, shawls, and other woollen manufactures, dispersed without regard to relevancy among the cases already named, and some idea may be gained of the bewildering character of the display. In other courts, the Queens-: land, New South Wales, and South Australia's especially, care has been taken to classify the goods and keep those of like kind together; but Victoria has declined to be bound by any such rule, and the result is what might have been expected. Along the eastern hall are ranged a multitude of exhibits of more or less interest. Of: photographs there is a limitless supply. . All the resources of the leading Melbourne photographers appear to have been put; under tribute to embellish the acres of wall; space over which the colony has jurisdic tion. There are photographs of public buildings and private buildings, views of city streets and borough roads, scenes in the mountains and on the plains, pictures of fat cattle and lean cattle, and illustra tions without end of black natives and white natives-tlie latter very creditable specimens indeed of the products of the soil. Then, again, this western wall display embraces specimens of beautiful dried flowers, and still more beautiful butter flies, of preserved meats and preserved fruits, of prepared food and relishes, of pea-green bottles sent to illustrate the process of elastic corking which some ingenious Victorian has devised, of washing powders and mustards, of knife polish and blacking, of curiosities from the Blind Asylum and from the Gippsland Mission Station, of pottery and bronzes, of songs composed by local musicians and books written by local authors ;- the last named a wofully scanty exhibition, although eked out by official catalogues, current directories, and census statistics. There is a painting also-"Scene in the DandenongForests," by Whitehead-which is of considerable artistic merit, besides being valuable as an index to the foliage of Australia, which, alas, in its dull perennial blueness ill compares with the living green of American woods. The eastern boundary, of the court is left open, except for a few maps and pictures huug with a supreme indifference to the effects of light and shade. In the majority of instances this is of little consequence, but there are two or three paintings by Curtis and others which deserve more respectful treatment. It may be that the arrangement is but temporary, and for the credit's sake of the colony it is to be hoped this is the case. I must not forget to mention that this compartment con tains a fine collection of native gems, amongst them a beautiful garnet, underneath which is t.hia important announcement, "Found by myself." Australians will have little difficulty in identifying the writer, although the paper gives no direct clue to his name. Of the inner and larger court I shall not speak at length, for there are w it many articles in process of restoration, and it is possible that the order at present observed in the disposition of the exhibits is not the permanent order. One of the most striking features is a case of wools shown by Bastings Cuningham & Co., and comprising no less than 32 varieties. A few of them have the saltwater stain, tot the injuiy haa been slight. Thii . I MiiaV add, constitute* -l,a T®,7 protoorfiott of the ?wools on jie^ in the Victorian departs _ In tegardto this article at least, Victoria has perpetuated the ^dea with whioh it set out in preparing for th£ j Exposition that all the colonies should act ' as one. Much of the wool it shows comes from Riverina, several samples from < South Australia, and yet all is sent ab an exhibit from the premier colony. This simple method of appropriation has been resented by one or two unreasonable representatives of New South Wales, but the resentment has not gone beyond the form of friendly remonstrance. Just inside the court stands a capital plaster copy of Mr. Summers's marble ! group *' Lynceus and Hypermnestra," ' which it will be remembered gained high j commendation in Rome a few years back. Mr. Summers is a Victorian, and this copy of his great work is on its way to the Melbourne library, where it is to be permanently located. It well deserves the conspicuous position assigned to it Advancing further into the court the visitor finds himself confronted by piles of manufactured goods in fifty different forms. There is a piano which has been silenced for ever by the salt water, but is provided with a place because of the beauty of the woodwork. Next to it stands a billiard table from the manu factory of Messrs. Alcock & Co., together with cues, balls, and other appurtenances, -WJ? cover of the table has been injured, but not beyond redemption. A case of biscuits from Smith & Co. occupies a place of honour in the room; but that forwarded by Guest, although left on view for the present, has been irretrievably spoiled. Messrs. Carr & Co. send speci mens of house-decoration, which have also to undergo refurbishing, the fine gold of the wall paper having become dim, and the brightness of the Venetian shutters and window sashes having paled through the Skerryvore's accident. Other exhibitors send leather in quantity and of splendid quality, lead piping, iron ore, and the rough product of iron manufac ture, an immense block of copper ore, a pile of cornsacks, paper from the Foots cray Mills, heaps of baskets, specimens of wood-graining, pottery of great variety but Iveiy homely pattern, samples of the woods of Victoria-which are shortly to be enriched by other samples now in course of repolishing-cases of modelled fruit, collections of paints, iron safes, representations of the paper currency of Australia, and samples of the handiwork of. Blind Asylum inmates and prison labourers. The display of agricultural produce comprises an extensive assort ment of cereals and seeds, which "will do credit to the colony in any competition it may have to sustain. The contribution from the Botanic Gardens includes eight volumes of Dr. Mueller's recondite " Fragmenta,'*' and a large assortment of seeds, pods, and fibre plaints, collected by Mr. Guilfoyle, the Curator of the depart ment. Accompanying these are samples of the paper made from each one of about a hundred varieties of fibre plants-an ex hibit betokening in an eminent degree well directed industry and intelligent research on the part of Mr. Guilfoyle. From the Mining Department have been received ( geological maps and charts and valuable specimens of the geology and mineralogy of the countiy. The Public Library has been subjected to a grievous loss through the destructions of two splendid volumes prepared at the instance of the depart ment to illustrate the several schools of Italian art. -The gorgeous binding T<q<j been mutilated beyond recognition, and many of the pictures have been spoiled. The wrecks of the volumes are on the table, and Sir Redmond Barry hovers round them deploring the hard fate which involved them so hopelessly in the Skerry vore disaster. THE TASMAKIAN COURT calls for no lengthened reference, not by any means because it is wanting in in terest, but because its exhibits only em brace a few classes of articles. There is nothing elaborate in the outside fixings of the court, which is by long odds the smallest in the Australian group. There is an office at one corner, in which Mr. Welch, the Commissioner, is wont to dispense such simple hos pitalities as the necessities of his posi tion require. There are rows of cases containing wool which occupy three sides of the rectangular space assigned to her, or rather left to her after New South Wales had ceased her encroachments. Moreover, there is a weatherboard wall on the southern side, which has been tastefully lined with opossum-rugs and furs, muffs and comforters, made from the skins of native animals. In the interior are cross-benches and stands for exhibits. One of these supports a pile of tin ingots, several lots of tin ore from Mount Bischoff, a like exhibit from Ringarooina, rich iron ores and samples of pig-iron from the property of the British and Tasmanian Company, together with bars of iron, iron castings, and. specimens of slate, limestone, marble, and coal shown by Messrs. Lyell and Gowan. On another are arranged two cases of shot from the Moir Shot Tower on the Derwent-positively the only factory of the kind in the Southern Hemisphere. A number of brown trout preserved in spirits; a carved wood and ivoiy eggstand from Port Arthur ; and from the same delightful retreat an elaborate tobacco-pipe, which for elegance of finish might well charm the heart of a Mussulman, although overburdened with patriotic distractions. Here, too, are to be seen hats of the best shapes and quality manufactured from rabbit skins and silk, a prime collection of jams and tart fruits, a specimen or two of the Tas manian devil, long lean bottles of blue gum oil, and the remains of a cabinet of shells, valued at £50, which has been sadly injured in transitu. A third table accommodates several bins of prime wheat, besides cases of barley, oats,, flour, and other products of the soil, which well represent the capabilities of the island. After all, however, the com manding feature is the wool, of which there are not less than fifty fleeces, irre spective of that which has been thrown aside as having been damaged. If there is any exhibit that can at all rival this it is a magnificent show of native seeds sent via London, and classified there with no little trouble, owing to the neglect of the colonial contributor, Mr. Cresswell, of Hobart Town, to pack the different sorts in such a way as to prevent mixing. Of the fifty cases of wool some was brought via San Francisco, some via London, and the rest via the Skerryvore. Well would it have been for the creditable represen ! tation of the colony if the more costly routes had been used for all the exhibits. MISCELLANEOUS NOTES. The colonial goods being now all in position, no little anxiety is felt as to the official inspection. I have already mentioned that great dissatisfaction pre vails as to the arrangement for judging wool, and that recent events have rather strengthened than lessened the apprehen sion that the work will be perfunctorily performed. The Judges in this class have; ? already gone their rounds; but instead of j employing experts to make a minute j? examination of the exhibits, or making j such to eMunifafttioii themselves, the wholi timteepefctfn theAwitmlikn «x>urtij did not eirtJteea a single *-orkfang d*y. . It is true the casual opinion* expressed by theui were highly txmipUmentikry ,butthe great point to be gained is to obtain for Austral lian produce the recognition which itfe merits demand. It is satisfiictoty to know that there are Australians in Philadelphia who will leave no stone unturned to secure the desired result. The Judges of jewellery hare also visited the department, and wore high in their praises ofthe few speci mens which South Australia has on view. The final decisions in these or the forty other classes to which Judges have been apportioned will probably not be an nounced for a month or two. With regard to wines, the action taken by Mr. Daven port will ensure proper attention to the Adelaide varieties-not only by official experts, but also by foreigners who may feel curious to know what progress the winemaking industry has made in the colonies. Sample bottles of all the sorts sent for exhibition have been stored in the Australian office, where they are fast recovering from the sickness caused by the voyage. The Judges' contingent has been sent on to the cellars in Agri Cultural Hall. Invitations have just been issued by Mr. Levey for a Press inspection of the Victorian court. This formal way of attracting the attention of the newspapers has not been adopted by the other colonies, but none the less are they being visited by literaxy men and women ana practical Americans from every part of the Union. All who come deliver the same flattering verdict, and show their interest by diligently enquiring into points affecting Australia upon which they are in doubt. Under such circumstances it is pleasing to know that most of the gentlemen sent out to represent the provinces are men who are heart and soul in the work, holding the honour and advancement of their, respec tive constituencies in particular and of Australia in general as being the one object to be attained. In tliia letter I have confined myself to these courts, but not because the courts of the other colo nies described last month are of subordi nate interest. New South Wales, Queens land, and New Zealand each present a much better face now than at the open ing; and their Executive Commissioners are busying themselves in preparing re ports upon the chief exhibits, and, in common with the representatives of Vic toria, Tasmania, and South Australia, making arrangements for exchanges. Most of these gentlemen are empowered, within certain limits, to purchase such machinery as they think it desirable to send out. In Mr. Davenport's case these limits are seriously circumscribed through the paucity of funds, but he hopes to select and forward a few labour-saving appliances specially adapted to the re° quirements of the colony. Mr. Mackay, of Queensland, is better provided with funds, and already he has purchased for transmission a shingle-machine, vises, corn-shellers and grinders, a flexible shaft for boring, an automatic gate exhibited by Canada, a sand-papering -apparatus also shown in the Dominion section, drilling- machines, patent rowlocks for boats, a mitring-machine, several pumps and saws, a saw-sharpener, and a variety of technical school apparatus. There is not one of these articles that will not be of great practical value in Australia. THE AGRICULTURAL TT ATT.. From a South Australian point of view the Agricultural Hall Eclipses in interest every other department of the World's Show. Here are illustrated' the science, the art, and the products of agriculture in all their infinite variety-or if not in all their variety, at least to an extent hitherto unapproached in exhibition annals. You! may judge of the facilities for .display by ' the fact that the vaulted i{K>fs of the building cover an area of: 10£ acres, and that the distance to. betraversed in threading the mazy length of avenue is at least three miles. Let the visitor, how ever, eschew the avenues as I did, and circumnavigate every group of exhibits, and he will find the three miles expand into twenty-three, and will realize the ' hopelessness of attempting a minute description of one-tenth of the objects worth describing. And as yet ia this vast assemblage of farm appliances and fruits of the soil Australia is totally unrepresented; By-and-by a. Ridley's reaper from Adelaide will be planted amid, that dense forest. of machinery, where it must command attention as being the only exhibit of the kind; but just at present it is unfit to be seen. Then, too, there is an improved ore dresser, contributed by Captain Sanders, end a jigging-machine by Captain Han cock, both of which are unique in their way, but they are not yet in position. Victoria, too, is to be represented in the department by the material of an Abyssinian tube-well and some patent earth-closets; but this modest display is still a thing of the future. Some English exhibitor has included in the wools of all nations a score of speci mens from Australasia; but it is hard to recognise in them the long-fibred, silky growths of Kew South Wales and Queens land, of Tasmania and New Zealand, of Victoria and South Australia, which they purport to represent. Great Britain and Ireland, too, occupy but a small corner in the edifice, although as a slight set-off their contributions are of pre-eminent merit. Men of world-wide reputation in the preserving branch have their stands here- Crosse & Blackwell in pickles ; Lea & Perxins in sauces ; Goodall ! Backhouse in relishes; Keen & Co. in mustard and food preparations; Fry and1 Sons in cocoa; Menier in chocolatej.Smith.' and Co. in essences; Corey, Williams, and' , Co. in aerated waters; Ind Coope, Bass,; and Bindley & Co. in ales; and so on I through a list which if hot long is at least J noteworthy. Not much of agriculture in these things, you will say; but it is evident [ that the Commissioners have put a liberal t construction on the term. Indeed the anxiety to be very explicit and dis | criminating has led them into difficulty. Many articles which properly belong to the agricultural building are to be found in the machinery hall or the main assembly room, and vice versa. Then, too, there are States, such as Liberia and Venezuela, which have been crowded out of the main room entirely, and have been forced to take refuge in the agricultural section. All the exhibits of Great Britain in the department under review, however, are not in the dietetic line. There are implements from Fison, of Cambridge; edge tools' from Fussell & Co., of Frome; mill machinery from Corcoran, Wilt, & Co., of Mark Lane, and other well-known makers; charcoal and charcoal manure from Man chester, and farm engines from Aveling 1 .and Porter, outstripping everything in this branch that the Show can furnish. The novelties from the Empire- Kingdom are not numerous, but Saintry & Barnard, of Cambridge, claim credit for one machine, which, with the aid of two men, can sack, dry, and dress 100 bushels of grain per hour, and for a second which, enables one man to separate 50 bushels of wheat or oats per hour from any other grain. Add to this that Captain William Belf, of Colchester, forwards as a speciality a new and distinct variety of whe^jt known as the Mainstay, and all that need b© said, of the Jimiai has been said. ' ? ? t Canada, . in comparatively email com pass, : shows an assortment of ploughs; mowers, -thrashing- machines,-churns^ chaffcutters, aaid other implements of such, admirable qnslijy that American ouJcets may well look to their laurels. Hie local critics hardlyknow what to toaIta of these spirited colonies. Some satirize them u mere oopyists, but more generous writers see in their mechanical successes evidence of a rivalry which the United States cannot afford to despise. Thanks to a more liberal tariff which cheapens pro duction, to a fair dare of native inven tion, and to an" amount of industry and enterprise unexcelled elsewhere, the Cana dians are able to hold their <own even against their keen-witted neighbours. In products of the field and preparations of food, too, they are well represented. No country outside of Australia showB better wool or finer wheat, and its collections of prepared skins, ales, porter, and fruits modelled in wax or preserved in syrup are all of a high order of merit. There is much that is interesting, but little calls for extended remark, in other extra American . exhibits. Germany distin guishes herself in Rhine wines and Brobdignagian bottles; in bockbier-a terrible rival to the national lager-and fragrant hopB; in liqueurs and preserves; in tobacco and cigars, arranged in the most enticing stylej and, lastly, in pic turesque pyramids of scythe blades and other farm tools. Austria takes up much the same ground. Japan rejoices in pre serves and silks, in curiously-fashioned cane baskets and beautifully-preserved skins, in intensely stiff umbrellas, and fifty different varieties of seedB. Ojf course there is a collection of teas, and there are also some of the leaves of the Euokicha, wliich a notice written in choice English characters explains is " use for the place of tea, manufactured by experiment." Venezuela has filled its space with a striking ensemble of valuable products. Coffee berries and medicinal barks, timber samples and starch, soap and candles^ cordials and the far-famea Angostma bitters, fruits representing the surprising vagaries of tropical growtliL j boots and shoes of rough-and-ready con- I struction,and quartz specimens, powdered I over or studded or seamed through with gold, attest the varied resources of this i South American Republic. Near by |is Brazil, which has taken infinite pains I with the exterior of its court. Over th6 1 highly-ornamental enclosing walls hang countless flags of the most brilliant shades, while within there is but a prosaic ^ display of Beeds and grasses, and polished woods and tobacco, and liquid extracts. The only thing to justify so much ostentation is a really tasteful pavilion built- wholly of cotton fibre and dedicated internally to the pyfr iViit.i'rm Qf cotton seeds and plants. The Nether lauds, with the assistance of the Dutch colonies have . succeeded in producing an impression of substantial prosperity "un surpassed even by the more pretentious displays around them. There is such a homely well-to-do look about the depart ment, such an absence of tinsel, and such solid indications of' well-directed industry, "that it is with a relieved feeling one turns to it from the showy displays of countries which are striving to out shine one another. France is slowly un packing her treasures and such Parisian knicknacks as can with propriety be included in an agricultural fair- More over, . she will have a show of millstones unequalled by any comf petitor. Sweden and Norway vie with each other in the tasteful ar rangement pf the products congenial to their frigid clime. Neat little pyramid? of bottled ale, graceful obelisks of polished Wood, numberless exhibits of grain and coffee, and preserved fish and biscuits ana arrack punch, and that less seduc tive but more useful fluid, cod liver oil; are interspersed among trophies of furs and sealskins and such like spoils of the chase. Nor is the innocent Northern passion for lay-figure making left without a witness, for in a tiny sled drawn at headlong pace by a panting reindeer sits a rosy Laplander, with his warm snow-hood over his head, and his cosy furs wrapped in voluminous folds around him, looking the very incarnation of luxurious ease and contentment. Spain appears to great ad vantage, the whole of her external space being devoted to the exhibition of grain, seeds, and nuts in unlimited variety, and the interior space to fruits, timbers, grasses, and other products of the soil. Portugal, too, is strikingly represented by a mixed multitude of articles, comprising wines and oils, wools and silks, cork and biscuits, stuffed animals and, of all things in the world, pork sausages of the full-bodied Germanic type. It was thoughtful of her to send them, and were it not that Bologna is to the fore with a bewildering variety of the same savoury dainty, she would inevitably gain an award for her enterprise. I But 1 have lingered too long over these miscellaneous courts, and must forego the pleasure of expatiating upon the marvel lous provision which Italy makes, not only in the festive sausage, but in the luscious wine, the transparent oil, and the pungent pickle. Even more reluctantly the Norwegian exhibits in pisciculture must be dismissed with a passing reference. The reluctance does not extend to the long rows of glass jars which emit an odour decidedly ancient as well aa fish-like, but to the splendid col lections of nets and seines, rods and tackle, which occupy one large compartment, and the huge crystal tanks, with their scaly denizens, which line the westernwail, and form the centre of attraction; for: budding Waltons by the jfchous&ndi; Here- is to be seen in action aa ingenious contrivance for keeping a stream of: fresh water flowing constantly through/ the aquaria, which, however applicable to larger reoeivers,is not in this instance an "unmixed sucraes. . Whether it is that the motion of the .-fluid" is too much for the fish, or that,- continuous supplies of their vital element promote an overmastering ecstacy, it is certain scores of the younger ones, while the waters are being troubled, retire to t^e bottom, gather their fins and tail together, and gracefully yield up the ghost. Enough of this, however. The American exhibits, covering as they do about three-fourths of the floor-space of the Hall, domand attention. Concerning these it" is to be noted, in the first place, that; whilst few of the States of the Union have done themselves justice in individual' contributions, the general impression produced as to the vastness of American resources and the far-reaching extent and indomitable character of inge nuity is at least as striking here as in any other department of the Exhibition. The South, albeit it has not recovered from the stunning effect of the war, and is little disposed to put forth all the strength it has to glorify the Union, contributes shiploads of tobacco raw and manufac tured, ton upon ton of sugar, hundred weight upon hundredweight of rice, bale upon bale of cotton, together with many another testimony to the fertility of its fields and the industry which yet animates its people. California is conspicuous for its wines, which are forcing their way into consumption, not only temporarily through the restaurant in the building, but universally through the growing crav ing of Old people for some' drink beside^ .whiBky that 4b really genuine. Thei* souls aire beginning to ' loathe vile com* pounds which ore retailed as foreign beverages. There - is no 'trustwortny standard1 of {jnality m the St&tes;, but theevil resultBof indulgence ii spurious foreign liquors are becoming but too evident in the destruction of mental power find the demoralization of the community. A great many fly danger by renouncing stimulants: entirely, but the general passion for "perpendicular drinking" is too strong to admit of this mode of escape becoming universal, and so good native wines are taking the place of infamous brandy and poisonous rum not rapidly, by any means, but yet surely. In every hotel carte you find a_ list -of these wines, and comformably "with the extravagant tariff of prices as much as from 8s. to 12s. a bottle is asked for choice samples. The Calxfornian Golden wine iB one of the favourites, and it is a very pleasant pala table beverage. There is also a Catawba champagne retailed here as low as four shillings a bottle, which is - of excellent quality. Turning from the beautifully-ornamented cases wherein thiB product of the vine is tastefully displayed, the visitor becomes involved in a laby rinth of exhibits, each of which has a pregnant history. Here is a magnificent collection of sugar-cured hams from Cin cinnati, a city rivalled only by Chicago in the vastness of its trade in pork. In both places the business of slaying, curing, and packing swine has attained vast propor tions, and risen pretty well to fine art rank. I -am afraid to say how many myriads of this useful quadruped are slaughtered at Chicago, but there "are establishments there which dress their thousands daily. The doomed animal is strung up, killed as he is being slowly elevated towards an inclined plane, along which his carcase passes to the scalding vat. Thence he is removed to be dissected, salted, or sugared, as the case may be, and packed in barrels almost before he has had time to get cold. Hard by is a pile of tin canisters, surmounted by a stuffed cow: of life-size and amiable aspect. The canisters are supposed to contain essence of milk and preserved meats; but the cute exhibitor, in the spirit of those who fill their wine bottles with coloured water, rests content with elabo rately labelling the empty vessels. Among the contributors of corn and grain, seeds and preserved fruits, woods and soilsi Oregon holds a proud pie-eminence. Small as the room allotted to her, it is large enough for a striking display of the leading products of the district. Every inch of space is eloquent with the story of the marvellous fertility of this garden of America. If there is a region in the United States which can. rival Australia in the points in which Australia is strongest it is the region of which Oregon is the centre. Here are wools of admirably quality-the Merinos, delicately soft and fine; the Leicesters and Cotswolds and Oxfordshires, long in staple and preserving all the best characteristics of their European prototypes. True the samples are small, and may be the result of careful selection; but of their extraor dinary excellence there can be no doubt. Here, too, are wheats remarkable for plumpness and productiveness, although unfortunately the weight per bushel is not given; barley, and oats and Tndian l corn, which present infallible proofs of being the outgrowth of a gracious sail} I flax-straw four feet at least in length] -flanl-pd by exhibits of linseed and scutched flmr and oilcake; dried fruits of limitless i variety and admirable flavour; and canned fruits of snowy whiteness floating in syrups clear to the verge of transparency. Nor is there any. lack of: curiosities, for in one place are to be seen concentrated cider and apple butter, and in another sections of trees of fabulous size. It* is recorded of one red cedar represented in the - court that its diameter was 22 feet at the base, while at 198 feet from the ground it was still sixi feet. A yellow fir, of which a specimen is on view, could boast of a, girth of nearly 25 feet at a height of 130 feet from the greund; and a fragment of spruce has . been forwarded belonging to-a tree which yielded 100,000 shingles and 4§ cords of wood. Arming this model display from Oregon are grouped the exhibits of New Hampshire, Massachusetts, Wisconsin,1 Nevada, Utah, Iowa, and fifty other districts, all of which diversify their exhibits of Indian corn and timber and seeds, by some article peculiarly their own.; Thus in the one place there is the effigy of an enormous boar reared in Chester,; which on being killed was found to turn the scale at 1,307 lbs., its increase in! weight being 120 lbs. monthly for' eight consecutive months. Massa chusetts furnishes diagrams illustra-i the of the climate and tables; showing the average expectation of human life among persons engaged in different avocations, the advantage being greatly in favour of tillers of the soil. Delaware has laid itself out to represent the riches of the East in timbers, thirty eight varieties of which are supplied. Indiana has undertaken the same service for the West, and forwards forty-three varieties, the great majority of which find no place in Australian forests. Missouri has disgraced itself by exhibiting a mere tangled heap of cereals and wood; while Minnesota luxuriates in a splendid assort ment of grains. Here are some twenty varieties of spring and winter wheat, yielding on an average thirty bushels to the acre, and that on ground which has been under crop for a quarter of a century. Thirty million bushels a year is the pro duct of this State, which is essentially one of the granaries of America. The spring wheats are of surpris ingly rapid growth, being sown in Apnl and reaped in August. The farms are not large, the most of them' having been taken up under the home stead clauses, which ensure for a settler possession of 160 acres on condition of his remaining upon and cultivating it. A' holding of 2,200 acres is spoken of as of -abnormal size-the evil of monopoly having never yet penetrated into the btate. In deed, in no part of the Union has this' crying vice of Australian settlement found a lodgment. Even Railway Companies,: which-have received immense grants o£ land^ are hasting to dispose of it to small; proprietors. In Minnesota the hardy ScotchrFife variety of wheat. finds great* favourj . and, in fact, most of the sorts raised in -the State are of a flinty cha racter. * Australian samples are no rarity in Americf, thanks to the Agricultural; .Bureau and private enterprise; but it is altogether exceptional to see an^rapproach tralia. 'Kentucky distinguishes herself in whiskies, and ^o does many another State. Old Crow and Bourbon rye, high wine and mash ,whiskeys, are to be seen at every, turn, with ithe inviting surroundings of elegant'Cteoq and liogdieads, burnished to an extreme brightness. St; Louis has its wines, TJtah 4ts_ woods, the Central Pacific Company?* rich variety of timbers and natural qblects from its vast posses sions in the West, and Iowa a unique exhibit of «jila, fifty in number, taken from as zoacpy districts in the State, and carefully dismayed in lofty glass cylinders. Oversnd aboye What has thus been set down there are pcores of objects of sur passing interert in the hall, tie credit of which attaches to no State in particular.1 There are feiijr palaces bufltofconj fectionary,.and,fnxni&bed;^ and bonbons of demoralizing attzactrve peu ; mormtatnw of biBcnitanndxasackBrB and fancy -food,' suited alike forhn consciohB infancy 'and ' epicurean old age; romantic cares and: grottoes and snow-covered forests; birds and anhnnln prepared in the best 'style of taxidermy; pyramids of Menier'a chocolate ?- exhibited by an old Ade lMfiftgnj Mr. Bickford, the manufacturer's agent in New York; trophies of tinned fruits, piles of Duryea's starch, maizena, and preparations of that ilk; beakers of unfermented wine for the use of tender conscienced teetotallers; glass-cases show ing honey in the honeycomb, canned and dried-fruits without limit; tobacco in five hundred forms, dispersing an aroma more fragrant than the adjoining fruit-tables, loaded although they are daily with the choicest products of Pennsylvanian gar dens. Add to these preserves unnumbered tea trophies and coffee trophies, fertilizers in all the approved forms of phosphates, nitrates, sulphates, and ammoniates, mountains'of hickory-wood barrels, india rubber in all shades of crudeness from the liquid form in which it exudes from the tree up to the latest process required to convert it to its highest use as an article of commerce, and still the catalogue will be ridiculously imperfect. Still no note will have been taken of a hundred proofs of American versatility-still a score of interesting relics of the days of 1776 will have passed unrecorded, and still the great feature of the Agricultural Show, the acres upon acres of farm machinery, will have been left vmdeacribed. To the last department I shall devote an early letter; for among the harvesters and fruit - driers and other labour - saving appliances which fill so much of the hall there are several articles admirably suited for ^introduction into South Aus tralia. 