CHAPTER.XIII.-CLEM FINDS HIMSELF ONGUARD. Clement (¿nail always looked back upon thu particular Saturday as ono of the most miserabl days of his life -always marvelled afterward that his brother Matthew was not moro eccentri and mysterious than he had even proved himsell Clement was accustomed to action, and he scarce!; knew how completely wretched he was apart iron it-and with no very bright thoughts to keep hin company- until he had spent one day in the cot tage in. Cold-Blow Yale. No wonder that Mat wa an odd fellow, and that, living in seclusion, tin first incident out of the common way had almos driven him crazy-he should have gone meian choly-mad in three weeks, and Matthew had shu himself up in this hideous den for three years. Clement had had an idea that it would do hin good to have " a long think," all to himself-that shut away from human kind, he could faco tin complications which had beset his brother, am which appeared from another quarter to be beset ting him, unless he resisted manfully-and henci his self-seclusion in the valley. There was no thing to remain in West Atherhy for-Ifeshie wa; [ not coming home till to-morrow and his aunt dh' fnot care for his company, any more than he cared I for his aunt's-and he should like to bc alone, lit thought. Full of this idea, he oven got rid of Mrs. Bear at an early hour, after she had laid tho cloth and set out borne cold meat for his early dinner. It was all quiet and peaceful and Robinson Crusoe-like for the first hour, and then he could not see his way very well to tho end of day. He was toe strong-minded to return to A Vest Atherhy; he had said he should remain at'his brother's cot tage, and ho intended to keep his word ; hut it was a long, miserable day that he spent there. Matthew's books wore not his books, or to his liking-they were nearly all poems, and he objected to poetry ; and at two in tho afternoon, he was shut out from a stroll up or down the valley, unless he cared to accomplish that pedestrian exercise in a heavy rain-fall which set in, and kept in. Ile j smoked a great deal and thought a great deal, without arriving at any satisfactory conclusion ; he went to sleep, finally, on Mat's sofa, and woke up in the dark, and with the fire out, and so scanty a knowledge of the whereabouts of cupboards, that it took him three-quarters of au hour to grope for a box of lucifers, which he discovered in the kitchen at last, and after hooking himself down the forehead with a brass kind of finger-post which Mrs. Bean had left sticking ont under the kitchen mantel shelf, with a roasting- jack attached, as if in solemn mockery of an imaginary joint. " I shall be a pretty object for church, now," Clement said, as he rubbed his head ruefully; " and I ought to have looked my best to-morrow, although looking one's best has not much to do with it. Where tho deuce is tho tea- caddy-I shall never find that. I know." Having lighted the lamp, and found the tea caddy, ho changed his mind about boiling ll« water. The whole affair was out of his line, ant necessitated too much exertion to secure a resul that ho was not particularly anxious concerning Ho bathed his forehead, then he took ono mon look at the wet night, and locked up for good a eight in the evening. There was nothing left for it but the books again, of which Matthew possessed a considerabh quantity, and ho hunted carefully through then till he discovered on the top shelf a dusty and neg lected volume of ghost stories, which he reinem bored Matthew buying when they were boys to gether at hoarding-school in Charringtou, anc reading surreptitiously in play-hours, lt was no a pleasant volume to study, in a lonely cottage ii a desolate valley, with the rain falling dismally without ; but he was lar from a nervous man, ant ghosts, he considered, were always amusing fel lows. Ho lighted a fresh cigar, chose the easiesi j chair in the room, placed a second for his feet ' opened the volume, and commenced tho perusal o, i all tho ghastliest stories that a morbid mind hac carefully and lovingly raked together. It was not satisfactory reading, but it was bet ter than the poetry ; the incidents were sensa tional, the author had evidently believed in ghosts and Cleaienc laughed, once or twice, at the writer'; earnestness, till he became more grave over f story of circumstantial evidence, counected witl: the murder of a girl in a forest path in Germany the purposeless murder, as it seemed, of a girl tra velling on alone, as Sarah Bennett, only two nights ¡ ago, had travelled to the cottage wherein he was sitting. The murder was eventually proved tc have been committed for the sake of silencing the girl as a witness to a former crime that had been committed by tho same baud-a man whose quiet and unobtrusive life-that of a woodcutter- had deceived all those with whom he had been ac quainted. j It was a miserable story to chance upon, even I the strong-minded Clement Quail considered, and he closed "the hook, after finishing the narrative, , and thought over again the old grim mystery which had confronted him in the valley of "West Atherhy. He was a had hand at sitting still and thinking -it generally ended in a deep slumber, whatever the interest might be of the subject to which he had resolved to devote himself-more especially if the day had been a busy one, and he had worked hard in bargain-hunting or bargain-making for his master's firm. And though here was an'ugly hard subject rising up again to vex and confuse him, a consideration of the case brought its soo ing aspect, and he dropped off to sleep in 1 midst of his meditations. How long ho had slept he was unaware; hut woke upsuddenly with the consciousness that t lamp was out, und the box of lucifers had he carefully placed somewhere, that he could not j collect for the lifo of him. He was not a hil tempered man ; but he anathematized the lucile and the lamp under his breath, as ho rose to 1 feet, and suddenly kicked the tire-irons into t fender with a noisy clash, that, in the room's sti ness, startled him. He came to a full stop wi his hand upon tho mantelpiece, considering if 1 senses had deceived him, or if something else h not fallen in the room almost at the same mome as he had sent the lire-irons clattering noisily 1 gether. lie stood very still, with tho last ghost sto that he had read unpleasantly close to his min and inextricably interwoven with the mystery Sarah Bennett's life and death, ile was not as lei -this was not a new nightmare, boru of the ho rora he had been studying. Tho raiu was hissii without harder than ever, almost as hard as wht that poor outcast went away to her fate lu Thursday. The air was cold, too, and the susj cion crossed and chilled that tho front door w open, and that was why he could hear the patte ing of the rain so distinctly in the darknes Strange, for he had turned the key in the lock i tho door, he was certain, and the wind could ni have blown the door open despite its fastening and yet the door u-as open, he was sure now. Alive to danger as he had been steeled to it 1. much adventure in foreign land-Clement (Jun remained motionless in the first position which 1 had assumed, his fingers clasped round the larj heavy bronze paper-weight that had come hand to his touch. He strove io pierce the darkness i winch he was enwrapped, but tho effort was Tittil and in his glance towards tho window ho saw tilt tho blackness of the night gave no relief to iii shaodws, but merged all in one common hue. He listened with his soul in his ears for sound foreign to tho rain, and at last the suppe¡ sed breathing of some one in the room-some on like himself, holding his breath hack, and wnitiu and watching with as jealous a vigilance-coi viuced him that he was not alone in the house. 1 the darkness it was difficult to distinguish frat what part of the room the breathing issued though it appeared tocóme from some ono croud: ing on tho floor, possibly on tho opposite side c the sable. A strong impulse to liing the paper-weigh across the room seized him ; but he resisted it the thought [suddenly occurring to him that Aln might have returned ; that he had altered hi mind about going to Scotland, and had let hinisel in with his pass-key, as he had done last Thurs day night, when he' was watching rom the witt dow. What could be moro likely 'r1 and Matthew ignorant of his brother's return to tho cottage ii the valley, might be half- frightened out of hi wits already. The solution seemed so natural ti him that he said, in his usual tone of voice '. Is that you, Mat ? Have you come hack ?" There was no answer, and Clement's finger; tightened on the bronze paper- weight again. " Who is in this room '?' he asked, more sternlj now. "I am on guard here, and shall fire if I re ceive no answer !" It was an experiment of Clement's, for his pis tols were upstairs in his portmanteau, but hi thought it as well to impress the intruder with ti sense of the danger to winch be was exposing him self in entering the house. Whethor it had its effect or not, he was unaware for a few painful seconds ; then tho door of thc room was slammed to suddenly with a force which shook the house, followed the instant afterwards I by the closing of the front door with as formid [ able a noise. Clement made a dash in the direction of thc window, to which there was no shutter, after tin: fashion of countryhouses that have a sublime con tempt for burglars, and a perfect belief in the in nocence of its surroundings ; but there was no thing but rain and darkness without, and he hesi tated to leave the cottage unprotected, after run ning two or three yards down the slope towards the stream in his first impulse. lie turned back cautiously, entered again hythe window, closed it, and went to tho mantelpiece, whore ho found the lucifers close to the bronze weight which he had been holding for protection's sake. If he had chanced upon them before, be might havo discovered and secured the person who had stolen so silently into his brother's cot tage. He relighted the lamp, which Bickered and went out again with a spluttering noise, signifi cant of a total absence of oil, but which showed thc existence of a wax candle in an old-fashioned candlestick on the sideboard, before dying out for good. Clement lighted the caudle, and then looked carefully round the room, lie had not been mis taken about something falling. His brother's desk lay open on the lloor, with many papers strewn about the carpet, along willi the inkstand, some pens and pencils, and the purse which. Hesbio had worked for Mat's thirtieth birthday. When he had startled the spy or robber by kick ing amongst the fire-irons, this desk had fallen from felonious hands to tho lloor, Clement consi dered. Some one had wanted the desk or its con-, tents, and tho sudden awakening of the sleeper had disturbed the plans which had been formed for its confiscation-unless Matthew had really returned for his papers, and was unaware that his brother had taken the custody of the house upon himself. Still Matthew would have recognised hir voice, and there was no object in eluding him. Clement set the desk on the'tabl >, nnd put back its contents, pausing at one packet of papers marked, " Sarah Bennett tu Matthew Quail, m West Atherhy," ann bearing the date, in Matthew's own bold handwriting, of "June ISth, IS--' the very day on which all the trouble had risen, and when the girl had called to see his brother only last Thursday that was ! . ., "Matthew told me that ho had burned this, muttered Clement. " I thought I saw him binn ia g it myself." He picked up a large envelope Hint was handy, and placed the packet in it, spending a min ute or two in sealing it with red wax, mid stamping H with his own signet-ring. " I don't want to know your secrets, old fellow," lio said, "if you will not tell me of your own free will. There." Ile tossed the packet into tho desk, hesitated, changed his mind, and placed it in tko breast-pocket of his coat, lest thu thieves should still be lurking on the premises. There was a pearl-handled knife tin the lloor, he noticed, and lu: picked it up ar.d examined it, and wondered if it were his brother's, or had been used in a fruitless effort to slip back the lock llaviug placed this in his pocket also, he took up his light, and after locking the front door, made 'a careful scrutiny of thu premises pro ceeding from room to room without discovering that anything had been disturbed, or that any one was still concealed there. " Some tramp making for thu village, and dis posed to take tho cottage en route, in the way of business," said Clement, summing up the position at hist. " I wonder whether 1 have frightened him more than he has frightened mo? I suppose he had no idea that I was sleeping in the dark." Clement was not quite satislied with his own attempt at eiplanat on, for, after his cold meat supper, in search of which he bad once more to pro ceed upon a foraging expedition, he took thc trou ble to unfasten hts portmanteau, and disinter a little case of puntol.-:, exquisitely mounted, and which he had long carried with him on his travels. ]laving loaded the pistols, and put the sealed packet of papers in his portmanteau for protec tion's sake, Clement Hung himso'f half-dressed upon the bed, prepared to rise in haste and contest possession again with any one who should con sider it worth his while tu'drop in. 