extraordinary disturbance in a CBGBCH .. .As mentioned in our telegraphic columns the other day, a case cf a very unusual nature was heard at the Wo'.dsade Local Court. South Australia, on Wednes day. 3rd May. Frederick WBbehn Klein-chmidt and JoLsnn Erxiiest Pfeiffer, trustees of Znm Weinberg Chrisii Church. LobetbaL, were charged, on toe infer marioc of YTIlhelm Schubert, another trustee, with u misusing, disturbing, and molesting' Lebrecbt Friedrich Ihregott Era use, pastor of the church, whiie conducting the service on Sunday evening, 2nd ApriL The evidence showed that the defendants pre- Tented the pastor from entering the pulpit. As re ported in the S. A. Jiyrtwer the informant, Kchnberi, stated that he was a trustee of toe Zum Weinberg Cbristi Church, and also member of toe congregation meeting at toe church, aucTMrKrause faadfreen their pastor for four yean and -a ball. He attended the church in the afternoon of Sunday, 23rd Aoril, and heard toe paste- notify that he would preach tut evening in the church. Hie went there in toe evening,, sod when he reached the church the senrioe had not commenced. The pastor opened the service by saving — In the name of the Father, Sou, and Holy Ghost," and reading two lines of a hymn. Wh3e these were bring sungvthe pastor stood by the altar in .front of thepnlpH. When the hymn was nearly over he en deavored to ascend the pufpit Kleinsehmidt exclaimed —"Now. Pfeiffer. loco: out" Pfeiffer then ucanght hold of the minister by the arm," and Kleraschnudt u caught hold" of him also, and said— u Tou have to rit down 1100." An awful row followed. It could net have been worse if it was in a public house. Eis (witness's) firm and m. person named Knosfrp rescued the pastor, who then west to the altar and preached. There was a large congregation, and the disturbance I took place in their presence. After the pastor had j given out two lines of the hvmu, and the singing had commenced, the other party up in the gallery com menced ringing another bvmn, and plated the organ. Tfa -y saug the hymn through, 'i he pastor remained J at the altar after the defendant prevented 1dm trora golzg itito the pulpit. The cause of this imbroglio was some rc-ir.-s.rks which had fallen from the pastor, lead ing tD jfb'jT- a desire to tyrannise over tbe congrega- : tio&\- Tin.- eae was ultimately withdrawn, tbe counsel intimatirg that an arrangement had been arrived at. by which the pastor wis to abandon til attempts to continue hi.; pastorate in the church, and he was to have rent tree for hi life the use of J he house and premises occupied by Lini. and also a piece of laud adjoining for a vegetable garden. 