HOLIDAYS. Holidays are generally regarded as times of recreation and enjoyment, and as a rule in all parts of the British dominions amusements of some kind are provided for the public. The Briton has his own particular way of enjoying himself. Some go in for ont-door sports, and find their pleasure on the green sward in cricket, or football, or athletic exercises ; others like a race meeting, a recreation which may almost be regarded as a national institution, being patronised nnd-iudulged in by all classes of society ; in fact, in Australia so inherent and deeply seated is the love of horseflesh that nothing r .attracts greater crowds, or more glad dens the heart of the sport-loving colo nists than a well contested horse race ; others, again, on gentler thoughts intent, spend their holiday in picDicing amongst the beauties which Nature has so lavishly showered aronnd, where, amid the charms of, the country, they can indulge in fresh air and flirtation, and pass away a plea sant hour in harmless small talk, the while inhaling the- fresh air, and basking in the glorions sunshine or reclining in the grateful shade of somo umbrageous . out- spreading monarch of the forest. Usually throughout these colonies, and in fact wherever Englishmen are to be found, whenever a public holiday comes round some public and private gatherings are initiated, wherewith to while away the hours and permit what after all is one of the best of educators— freedom of social intercourse. It is surprising to note the 'directly good effect holiday gatherings, whether on the racecourse, the cricket groundorinthebush,have upon all classes of society. Not only is the restraint and routine of bnsiness thrown aside for the nonce, and enjoyment allowed full liberty, . untrammelled by bnsiness cares or -troubles, but at the same time the very coming into contact with one's fellows, fobbing shoulders together, exchanging '-ideas and comnarine notes has an effect which is without doubt useful in develop ing the mind and rubbing off the rust '-'which weeks of hard work has . caused to, accumulate. The taciturnity nnd.caution uof the Englsihman is proverbial amongst other nations, but at:the same time like hiskind, he is essentially a gregarious ani mal, and social gatherings, as a rale, are d Necessity of his very existence. Hence it is that during holiday time almost every . j town,- throughout the day :. time has its sports and out-door amusements, and in the evening its dances or public entertain ments of somo class or another. We know of no day more thoroughly miser able than a public' holiday, on which nothing is provided to satisfy the recrea tion-loving public who, reloased for the time from their daily labor, naturally look for somo place where their fellows mostly -rido congregate for mutual enjoyment, and yet during the past twelve months or so : in these districts when a public holiday has come ronnd there has actually been ; nothing to occupy the public mind, no sports got up, and the result has been most dispiritiog and disheartening. On ''such an occasion people are driven upon their own poor resources. The picture '3is n6t a lively one ; 'shops shut : up; business, savo in the hotels and public Ik: houses and a stray storo or two, whose' proprietor, greedy of gain, keepB open to jf). catch any stray customer who might perchance be passing, entirely suspended, and no placa of common resort to go to. ,!t Many, of course, drive out in to tho country, and fancy they are enjoying di.themselves, though often returning dissat isfied with the way in which they have ppent the day ; others organise private picnic parties, and hio away to somo ! secluded spot where Nature has scattered with bounteous hand her stores' of beauty and fragrance ; whilst the majority, hav ing really nothing to do, lounge about "'in a dissatisfied mood, loaf about the principal places of rosort, or shut thom- selveB up at home, feeling supremely ''"miserable, because perforce they really ''' have nothing to do. We -allude to this subject particularly because of Iato, public I' spirit soems to havo well nigh died, out in several of tho towns in tho Ovons and dMurray Districts, and gatherings- for the sake of amusement nnd social inter- j . coarse, which wo take to he iuv.aluable, '"seem falling into disuse., Take yesterday, for example, when, as British subjects, - we' commemorated tho anniversary of tho b irth of England's Quoon, and when, in. sV times gone by,. -in "every' hnmlot thprar would have been somo sort: ofia public gathering to celebratp .tjie occasion. , In- ' the majority of tile towpsnpo amuse ment was provided, and in . consequence. ' the day was about as wearisome an one as could well be imagined. Dullness in its most oppressive form, the 'dullness of having nothing to do aud nowhere to go reigned supreme in many places, iustead. of mirth, good fueling, and gonial fel lowship. Before this wo havo noted the Boarcity which now exists of public local amusomonts, and when a day liky Eor Majesty's birthday, at ouo lime regarded as one of (be chiefest holidays -of- the' year, pussos by" unobserved, save by the ' suspension of business, nnd the show of a little bunting upon Government offices and principal buildings, when there is no intermingling of tho people, it Eoems to us either that public spirit has given up tho ghost, or olso that thero is no sym pathy of foeliug and reciprocity of ideas amongst us. It is a notable fnct that of late years tho old heartiness, which was such a prominent trait in the character of our north-eastern population, seems dying out, nnd towns, where once unani mity reigned, and in which, when any public matter was ou the tapis, all joined in union, and " with a long pull, a strong pull,, and a pull nil together," worked for the public weal or welfnre, are now split up .into petty cliques, which put nn effectual stop to social gatherings. In a' country like onrs class distinctions ought not to havo much place, nnd -whilst we nre by no means democratic enough to endeavor (o bring all men to an uniformity, we greatly lament the' snobbish - cliqaism and un warrantable "distinctions which threaten to sap the" foundations not only of good fellowship,: but also of our. very pros perity. , 