The Sketcher. Parker's Gully. CHARLES RABY. WE had had a long run of bad luck. No one who saw us when we first plied pick and shovel on Marengo would have recognised in the three sullen faces, upon which the light of our evening camp fire shone, any resemblance to the cheerful trio who were then filled with hopeful visions of the future. News had lately come of a great rush to a new field called "Reedy Flat." The large finds, the big nugget turned up by the wheel of the first invading dray, the price of provisions, and the best means of reaching the new "Tom Tiddler's ground," were the only subjects of conversation. Day after day, diggers humping their swags passed our claim, giving us a cheery "good-bye," and the invariable answer to any question as to their destination was, "Off to 'the Reedy.' " We had at first been very sanguine about our claim, and although we all three wished to join in the general exodus, none cared to be the first to propose it. So we grubbed on for a few days after the stampede had ended, more and more dissatisfied with our prospects and with each other. Long Jake, as the elder of my mates was familiarly called, was an old and experienced digger, but he did not care to propose a move, as he had been the prime cause of our presence there; and my other mate, a young fellow of about my own age, was probably prevented from doing so by the modesty which hindered me. At last, however, things would continue in this way no longer, and when one evening after a harder day's work than usual, the returns of which had been even smaller than they were generally, we lit our pipes and drew our pannikins of tea to our sides in preparation for our usual chat, there seemed to be an instinc- tive understanding among us that something would at last be proposed. The silence was far longer than usual, and I had ample time to turn over in my mind some score or so of ingenious ways of introducing the subject. The great difficulty was to choose the best. And thus we sat smoking and thinking, until Jake slowly raised himself on his elbow, and looking straight into the fire, said with a peculiar embarrassed drawl—"D'ye know, mates, I dreamt last night we were off to "the Reedy." For a time not a word followed, but he turned his eyes slowly from one to the other, and bestowed upon each a wink almost supernaturally solemn, and then looked quietly into the dark space beyond us and the light of our camp fire. Finding that we did not reply, he brought his eyes to bear upon us once more, and added, "And I was just a thinking how strange it would be if even we three were to find ourselves there." This was followed by another solemn wink, and bursting into a roar of laughter we threw disguise to the winds. "I knew very well that you wanted to go," Jake observed, when our merriment had subsided, "but I wasn't going to propose it. You young chaps always ride one of two horses. You either think an old digger has a sort of inspiration which makes him know where gold is, as natural as a blackfellow knows where water's to be had, or else, what's worse, you think he knows nothing, 'cause his head isn't chock full of science. Now, I believe as science will do wonders, but then you know it hasn't done much yet. Geology's all very well, but it's only a baby yet; wait till it can talk a bit plainer. Whichever way you think, mates, I don't want you to think less of me, as you would have done, and quite natural, too, if I'd been hot on this new rush and it turns out a sell. But now we understand each other, and if we do get a backhander, why there's no blame to anyone." In less than an hour we had not only agreed to go to "the Reedy," but to start next day. A digger's packing does not take much time. His blankets and the few clothes he wears make a convenient swag, which, slipped over his head and resting on one shoulder, is easily carried, although it may not add to the elegance of his appearance. I never put mine on at first with- out feeling as if I were about to grin through it, as rustics do through horse-collars at village fairs in the old country, but the sensation soon wears off, and I carry mine now with as little consciousness as in the old times an umbrella would have occasioned. The sun was just up as we turned our backs on the scene of our past six months' labor. We had but little to show for the amount of toil expended, but the digger's motto is invariably "better luck next time," and as we found few pleasant subjects supplied by the past, we chatted gaily about the future. It is marvellous how soon, and to how great an extent, one throws off in a free bush life the reticence engendered by life in large com- munities. We talked of ourselves, our hopes, and our intentions with a näive egotism which made conversation delightful. Old Jake had little to say. He had arrived at that period of life when the major portion of its hopes belong to the past, but he listened to us evidently pleased to see us so hopeful; now and then striking in with a crisp anecdote, a description of some of his own experience, or a piece of criticism which revealed a world of natural shrewdness under his apparent simplicity. That was a glorious journey. The days, though toilsome, were relieved by jests which, if not sparkling, at least appeared so in the sombre bush, and by anecdotes many of them exceedingly venerable, but greeted with as hearty laughter as when first related to appreciative listeners; and then the nights, when the swags were unrolled beneath spreading branches, the tea made, and the pipes lit, what stories we heard of the old colonial days. Jake came out nobly then. He had been to all the important diggings, and had something to tell of each; something which, told in his quaint inimitable style, made us shout with laughter till the quiet bush seemed astonished, or brought tears to our eyes which we need not have been so anxious to conceal, for they were no dishonor to our young manhood. And then, better than all, to lie in the cool sweet night air, and watch the stars through the branches overhead; or the moon riding high over the distant hills, till the scene faded and our eyes closed in as dreamless slumber as ever we slept on our mother's bosom. But the pleasantest journeys end, and gener- ally sooner than those which are made up of a catalogue of disagreeables; and on the sixth morning we stood on the top of the last hill, and looked down on the tents which speckled the wide surface of Reedy Flat. The township, as the scattered collection of tents and bark humpies was as usual called, pre- sented the common appearance of a new gold- field. In the erection of their dwelling places, the miners had merely consulted their own sweet fancy; there was no regularity, no guiding idea, and the man who attempted to take his walks abroad on a moonless night, if he escaped falling into one of the holes, would be absolutely certain to break his shins over tentpegs or ropes. All were busy, but there seemed to be little of the elation we had expected, and the few whom we accosted informed us that they were "only making tucker. It was rather hard after all our hopefulness, but there we were, and we had to make the best of it. We spent the rest of the day in looking about the place, prospecting a little here and there, and before night Jake had found a place which he thought likely, and had pegged off three men's ground. It turned out worse than we expected, but we worked on patiently for some weeks, hoping each morning before night to strike something rich, and find- ing ourselves at night very moody and dissatis- fied. Jake took it very coolly, and never seemed much distressed, even when, after a hard day's work, the spoils were nil; but it told on us, the younger and more inexperienced, and we grew tired of each other's society, and restless for change. No chatting and story-telling now. Each drank his tea in silence, smoked a dismal pipe or two, and tumbled into his blankets, not to sleep, but to think. What my own thoughts were, how gloomily despairing I do not care to recall. Sometimes I strolled away from the camp, and after walking a few miles returned, certain at least of sound sleep, instead of wearily turn- ing from side to side, grumbling at the tardy flight of the hours. One moonlight night I wandered farther than usual, and for the first time reached a place of which I had often heard the diggers speak. It was a deep gorge between two long low hills, and was known on "the Reedy" as Parker's Gully. I had heard it spoken of as a pretty place, and had no idea how marvellously beautiful it was till I saw it for myself. The hills on either side were comparatively low, but appeared far higher, their sides from the bottom of the gully rising almost like walls. In one place the gully narrowed to about a hundred yards, and the hills rose steeply on each side. I reached this spot just as the moon was over it; the light seemed to ripple like a broad shallow stream down the hill- sides, breaking into cas- cades upon masses of rock scattered here and there, and silvering the trees in the gully below. It was a glimpse of fairyland. There was a large mass of rock, fallen from the hill, lying not far from me, and scrambling on to this I sat there till the moon had almost disappeared, and the mingled shade and brightness were creeping up the eastern slope. I resolved that I would come every night while the moon rose at a convenient time, and by the end of the week was so familiar with the road thither that I was in the habit of reaching my chosen spot in the darkness, and waiting patiently for what I termed in my own mind "my grand transformation scene." It was glorious to see the flood of light strike the crown of the hill and come sweeping down; and I have often felt the poetic frenzy strong upon me, but, alas! the power of expression was wanting. On my fourth or fifth visit I felt an uneasy con- sciousness that there was some one not far from me, and at last my supposition seemed to become an indubitable fact, for hearing some slight noise I rose and peering into the darkness I distinctly saw a human figure. My revolver was in my hand in a moment, but before I could speak the figure had vanished. I was standing in the full light of the moon, so that every motion could be seen by the person in the shade, if person there were. Of this I began to have doubts, for after a long search I could find no trace. I pon- dered the matter deeply on my way home. Blacks I knew it could not well be, for the gully was named after a wretched man who had shot himself there during an attack of delirium tremens, and since then they were said to have avoided it even by day. The supposition that it was the shade of the defunct Parker crossed my mind, but was dismissed at once. At the same time I must confess that I looked behind me rather anxiously once or twice before I was out of the gully, but that, of course, was merely to admire the scenery. I could come to no con- clusion about the matter, and resolved that I would go again on the next night, taking Jake with me. He was a perfect master of all bush- craft, and could track like a native, so if anyone could clear up the mystery it was he. I took an opportunity of speaking to him next day, and my communication made him very thoughtful. He said nothing for some hours, but it was evident that he was looking at the matter from every possible standpoint. At last he came to me and said— "I've pretty well fixed the matter in my own mind. I don't think you are mistaken, though, mind you, you may be—for when a man takes to walking three or four miles every night to see the moon rise in a particular place, he's apt to get a bit queer. But, if you're not mistaken, the only way out of it I can see is that some of the fellows have found a patch of good ground over there, and work it by moonlight to prevent it being known. I don't see why we shouldn't have a share in anything good that's going; to-night we'll try and track 'em." I was feverishly anxious for the night to come, for now there was not only a mystery to be cleared up but a possible good fortune to be realised. Jake took the matter more quietly than I, and even when we started betrayed no sign of excitement. It was a pitchy dark night, and as the moon would not rise till nearly ten o'clock, we had ample time to reach the place under cover of the darkness. When we arrived, Jake curled himself up beside the rock, and said with a subdued chuckle— "You've got a sort of genius for watching for the moon, mate, so keep a bright look-out and call me in an hour or so." A presentiment that something was about to happen made me restless and uncomfortable. I shifted continually from one position to another, in the vain hope of finding an easy one. At last the moon began to rise, but I had no eyes to- night for the beauties of nature, and I quickly awoke my companion. He was on the alert in an instant, and leaving me on one side of the rock he stole round to the other to watch there. The signal agreed upon in the event of either seeing anything was a short howl resembling that of a native dog. The moments passed very slowly. I strained my eyes looking into the darkness till all the objects around me seemed wrapped in a haze. A dozen times I was about to give the signal, and saw only just in time that what I had supposed to be a moving figure was only a tree-trunk or a rock. I had almost given up watch in despair, when I saw some- thing gliding among the trees and underwood, about fifty yards from me. I watched it for a moment or two lest I might have again been deceived, and then gave the signal so softly that it could not be heard beyond a few paces. In an instant Jake was beside me. I pointed in silence to the spot where I had seen the figure, and as I did so it appeared again where there were a few yards of clear ground. I turned to speak to Jake, but already he was some yards away, stealthily creeeping towards the place. I knew that my services would be useless to an old bushman, and I sat down to wait for his return. In about a quarter of an hour he came back, but I could see he had been disappointed. "Home, mate," said he, and we started at once. "Well, now, I don't see as it could ha' been a spirit, 'cause of his clothes," remarked he as we neared home. "I've heard tell of them coming in old- fashioned clothes and armor and all that, but I never heard of one in a flannel jumper and mole- skin pants. In fact, I don't see how they can have clothes at all unless there's ghosts of coats and spirits of breeches." "You must have got pretty close to see how he was dressed," said I; hoping to draw him out. "Well, I did, too, that's a fact," said Jake, "but where he vanished to I can't say. I saw him one moment and next he was gone." During the next afternoon heavy banks of clouds began to gather, and before night the rain was streaming down in torrents. It cleared soon after sunset, but our walk was not a plea- sant one. Every hollow was a puddle, many of them nearly a foot deep, and a perverse fate seemed to lead us into all there were along the track. By the time we reached the gully we were wet and muddy to the knees, and a chill wind, which came in roaring blasts between the hills, did not add to our comfort. The moon, as we knew, would not rise for more than an hour, and it was with no pleasant feelings that I con- templated waiting during the interval, shivering in my wet clothes while the howling gusts which swept through the gorge seemed to chill the marrow in my bones. I have no doubt that the sentiments of my companion closely resembled my own, but neither expressed them, partly because talking was undesirable, but far more I suspect because we were too ill-humored to say a civil word to anybody. At last the rock was reached and we huddled under it for shelter. We had been there but a few moments when Jake gave a slight start and warned me almost inaudibly to be silent "There's more than one of them," he whispered, and at the same moment I heard a continuous step not far off. Jake begged me to remain in silence where I was, and left me. He soon returned, and telling me there were three or four persons near, bade me follow him with caution. It was a wild night, or doubtless my inexperience would have betrayed us to the other party, but they gave no sign of observing our presence. Again Jake bade me wait, and crept away. He was not long gone, but the agonies I suffered during his absence were almost unendurable. First one limb was cramped and then another. In trying to overcome the sensation by a slight movement, I invariably broke a twig or rolled a few stones together. Then I felt as if I would cheerfully give all I possessed to indulge in a slight cough, and just as I was owning to the conclusion that unless a man might sneeze life was not worth having, Jake appeared and told me to follow him quickly. As we went along the gully I fancied that I heard a subdued chuckle from him repeated several times, and when we were some distance from the last halt- ing place he burst into a laugh. "What is it, Jake?" I asked, "have you found out about it?" But the only reply I received was, "Tell you all about it at home," with another hearty laugh. The walk back was not more pleasant than the walk there, and we welcomed its end, as wet and weary we entered our hut. "Now, mate," said Jake, "first thing, dry clothes, then a pot of tea, and then the yarn." When at last we seated ourselves, Jake took a long pull at his tea, and thus related his adven- tures:—"When I left you first to-night, I fol- lowed close on the heels of those fellows and kept up with them till they sat down under the tree where they were when you followed with me. I intended to wait with you till the moon was up, and then follow them, but it struck me that as I was so near I might as well hear what they were saying. So I crept away, as you know, and got within earshot. First thing I heard was the voice of young Smith (he's in next claim, you know), and he says, 'There's no mistake, he's been here for the last four nights, but he's got away somehow 'thout my being able to track him out. Night before last he saw me and cocked his revolver, but I got behind a tree, and he passed quite close. Last night Long Jake was with him, and got rather near, but I swarmed up a tree and he went right under me.' I began to see what was in the wind, and in another minute all was clear enough. The fact is, Charley, your nightly walks awoke Smith's sus- picion that you were doing some quiet digging that paid pretty well, and Smith wanted a share of it. Smith's presence in the gully suggested the very same thing of him to me. So you see the end of the whole matter is just this, one lot of us has been watching the other, and we're both sold." I never felt so humiliated in my life. Our friends of the west claim continued their watch, as I afterwards heard, for several nights after that on which our part in the affair ended, but I never again went to see the moon rise over Par- ker's Gully. 