" OdtIiNAL IPUETI1h. LE REVUE D'UNE VIE. In the stillness of the evening, by my fire I sit refloeting, By that fire whose blazing embers gives the room a cheerful glow Ever pondering and thinking, ever solving and dissecting The ghosts ot airy visions of the dreamy long ago. When the springtime of my boyhood, in its gay, refulgint gladness, In its young and pristine vigour, strewed my path with roses o'er; When my soul was far from sorrow, and my memory brought no sadness, And I plucked the flowers of pleasure, in the happy days of yore. Ah! this life is eftervescent, and its happiness is fleeting, And when manhood comes upon us, with its heavy weight of care, And we miss the friends of boyhood, and their heart felt youthful greeting, And we see with silent sorrow silver streaks within our hair. We would fain retrace our footsteps, and regain our vanished pleasures; We would barter our experience of the world and all its ways, To enjoy again the moments that our memory over treasures, When we wandered with our sweethearts, in those ne'cr forgo.ten days. How I recollect the gladness of that bright December morning, When I hazarded the question that would make or mar my life, And my little darling blessed me, all my future life adorning, With a holy, happy promise, to becomo my wedded wife. Ah! how soft the sunlight gilded the old church, that day of glory, When the "old, old words" were spoken that gave Ethel to my care, And how loving shone her blue eyes, as she whispered the "old story," And how holy were her accents, as she knelt with me in prayer. But our life seemed all too happy for this earth of sin and sadness, And in one short year my darling felt the icy hand of death, Heaven Imows how keen the agony that wrung my soul to madness, When my loved one whispered "Iusband," with her fast expiring breath; And I stooped to clasp her to me, and to gain her back to bless mne, And I dared to doubt the mercy of the great Almighty One, Who had rendered Ethel powerless to. kiss me, or caress mne; But my darling breathed softly, '"Love, His holy will be done," Bah ! this brooding over sorrow that no earthly joy can soften, Cannot bring hback one iota of the pleasures that have fled; No: not all my sad repining can restore her from the coffin Can bring back my darling Ethel from her sleep amongst the dead! Then why regret the parting from the wife, whose angel beauty, And whose magic presence made me ralshly live for her alone ! Ah, fool! I fear my passion made me negligent of duty Of my duty to the King who sits upon the golden, throne. In that mystic dreamy region, that we morta?know as Heaven, Where the great Creator gathors to. his bosom every one Who tries to live according to theprocepts fIe. las given, And who truly loves the teachings of His. well beloved Son; In that land of joy eternal dwells an angel of rare beauty, Who on earth was known as Ethel, and who, lived for me alone; And my hope is when Death summons, God will say I've done my duty, And my Ethel will rejoin me at the glorious golden throne. 11th ldarch, 1876. 