CHAPTER H. The visitor was in truth an extraordinary looking character, or a whole lot of characters iu one. As he stood at the door looking into the room upon the astonished Grit, a gurglmgsound issued from a throat which appeared to assume a different shape each instant. At first it was short and black, surmounted by a cork-like faco witha shining hat abovo it, havingtho appear ance of black sealing-wax; the next instant it became elongated and transparent, the faco assuming a kind of tin-foil complexion, which was' horrible to look at, and the hiit changing to a kind of helmet of tho same colour. Again and again the changes went on, until at length the figure remained permanently shaped as a brandy bottle, all clothing having vanished. Ncaring the frightened sitter, whose hair was on end, and whose. eyes were fixed upon' his proteiform visitant without a wink, the giant ghost, whose cork nearly touched the paint upon the ceiling, said in a voice similar in sound to the noise made hy water when it first issues from the nozzle of a fire'engine hose, bursting, gurgling,and crackling,— " Ferdinand Grit, thou art my slave, and must obey my behests." " -I Certainly, sir," responded Grit, in a tone of heaitating'acquiescence. • | " Speak up, Grit," commanded the: ghost, " there must be no hesitation in your replies, or X will summon from below a whole legend of torturers." " Certainly, sir," assented poor Grit, as the trembling of his corpulent body communicated a vibration to the lustres and ornaments upon the mantel-piece. " Then listen, Ferdinand Grit," resumed tho ghost. " In this world, or rather among mor tals, your time is short; and as my slaves must always get through their work of mischief before they die. you must commence at once, and hurry tho job over; but, mind you, Fer dinand, you must hasten slowly; each task must he thoroughly done; there must he no slurring over, no compromise, no argument, no reason ing, nothing but devilish work, devilishly well dono, and no waste of time. Do you under* stand me, sir ? " "Certainly, sir!" ejaculated Grit, scarce knowing what he said. "If you roply,' certainly, sir!' any more to my remarks, I shall feel offended—and if I feel offended, it will go hard with you." " Cert 1 mean of course, sir!" stammered Grit. " Grit, you are foolishly nervous," asserted his ghostship, " and want rousing, or you'll he quitting this world without accomplishing your (Slotted tasks—here, taste me." And lowering his head, the ghost permitted his cork to come out, and placing his huge aper ture against Ferdinand's mouth, allowed a considerable stream of potent brandy to flow down his throat. "There," said he, as he himself re-corked and stood again erect, "you ought to feel better after that. Now attend ; this is Christ mas Day, and Christmas being my particular friend, I am present at most of the festivities held in his honour—not always, mind you, in my present form, for sometimes I appear as the genius of beer, but this is chiefly in the old country, sometimes as gin, cream, old Tom, or nnsweotened sometimes as ' old Jamaica,' Caboolture or JTackay rum, sometimes as Battle Axe, hut to men of taste and judgment, mostly as Three Star, as at present. In hush districts I npponr as an un-named spirit, with a plug of tobacco in me. In the latter form I am very potent, and my votaries trot through their allotted catalogue of crimes in a very few hours. Enough of this. As I said, this is Christmas Day; your confounded wife (here tho ghost lurched uncomfortably against the table near which ho had been standing) is pre paring the eatables for your coming guests; you must see to the drinkables. Aro you well supplied ?" » Cert: 1 mean yes, sir," replied Grit. ">Vhat have you got?" asked tho three star spirit, with a glance towards the carved collaret.' "Hum,brandy, gin, heor, and several sorts of wines," responded poor Grit. " Good!"j said, tho spirit, "any quantities of each?" • . • " A fair supply," replied Ferdinand. I must sec!" and striking his cork against tho ceiling throe times, a small imp, shaped something like a wine-glass, turned a back somersault into tho room, and placed himself on tho table near his master. "Enter that cupboard," commanded his throe starship,"and count tho bottles of grog." With another baok leap the limber imp was beside the cellaret; then kissing his hand to Grit, he sprang through the key-hole much in the same manner as the harlequin in a panto mime leaps through the grocer's or baker's window. "That is a lively youth, Grit," remarked tho Ghost, leaning himself against the opposite wall, and patting his lable complacently, wliile his cork worked up and down as though operated upon by some internal emotion or com motion. u A very lively youth.'' " What is he, and where docs he come from?" asked Grit, who by this time felt a little more at his ease. " Heis the demon of drunkenness," replied the spirit, "his particular duty being to work upon the weaknesses of men and women. We were both developed together far back, in the world's earliest period, when mankind first found out that the grape contained a power which could influcnco them for good or evil; whenl, the genius of alcohol, first touched man's palate, the contact) produced my little friend, and our course has been together ever since." " Well, imp!" he enquired, as his companion once more sprang upon the table, " is the quan tity satisfactory ?" " " Quite," replied the imp. " Good!" said tho spirit. "Your first duty is clear then, Grit. As my sworn slave, you are bound to bring me ns many devotees as you can. Ply the grog freely, and see that not one of your guests goes home Bober. Imp, you must remain with Grit during the re mainder of the day, and see that yon poison each glass; be visiblo to him " At this moment a violent trembling seized tbe giant spirit, which, shook the house, and rattled everythinginit that was rattleable, while the little imp gave three somersaults through the door into the air. " Another enemy,"groaned Three Star, as he rolled backwards and forwards: against the wall. " I was sure something was going to happen, for my cork was restless just now." Grit's eyes wandered about the room in search of the cause of this sudden change in the !state of things, and it was a longtime before he discovered it in the person of a diminutive fairy, so small that its little head scarcely reached to the seat of the chair near which it stood. But it was very lovely and perfect.in form; itboro in feature a strong resemblance to his wife, but the hair was long and silk-like^ while the skin seemed to possess the varied tints of the purest mother-of-pearl. The voice was not so much a sound, although a faint silver bell-like music was perceptible, as a power which* operating on the mind of the subject,-at once communicated the desired idea. So accustomed had poor muddle-headed Grit how become to the presence of super natural visitors, that the sudden appear ance of this . charming little figure on the : scene produced no startling effect upon him. Still remaining in the same position in which his friend the Bpirit bottle had first found him, he awaited unconcernedly the com munication of the pretty fairy. Not so Three Star, who, though stall leaning against the wall, was evidently much disturbed; his cork working up and down like the piston, rod of a steam- engine—while the little imp »ho had gone outside, was displaying a great deal of ground and lofty tumbling on the verandah in a very eratic and insane manner. Placing herself between Grit and the demon, with her bright blue eyes fixed upon the former, at the same time shedding a radiance from her bright golden hair which made the bottle spirit look more forbidding ever, she said: "Ferdinand Grit, lam your better angel, the fairy Golden Conscience. I come from your wife's heart, where, so far as you are con cerned, I have a special location, and my mission 13 to impress yours. The huge demon now present seeks, by a power he possesses, which is unseen by you, to drive me from my purpose, but as longas my hair retains its present lustre in yours eyes, his endeavour will be vain. Fix then your glance upon mo and strive to think of mo only. " Cert, 1 mean, of course, sir, I mean, madam," stammered Grit, as he endeavoured to fix his attention as requested. " hut tho light is so dazzling that my weak eyes—for, as as a rule, I wear spectacles—wont stand it." "Nevertheless, do as I direct, or you are a lost man," commanded the fairy, " and listen! You have a wife and three small children!" " Cert: 1 mean, just so," said Dick assentingly. "And your wife loves you," continued she. "Rather!" responded Grit with some pride. " Confound it," said Three Star to himself, as he observed the tono in which Grit had as sented to tho fairy's last proposition, " this will never do, if that fellow is going to feel proud of his wife's love, ho will be giving me the cold shoulder. Conjugal love never did agree with my constitution. I must put a stop to this." So saying, he permitted his cork to draw itself with a loud " cluckand then pro duced a cool gurgling noise in his throat, which had tho instant effect of withdrawing Grit's eyes from tho brilliant creature before him. As his look was removed from tho fairy's face, the glorious radiance gradually diminished until the little figure remained sad and tearful, and with no brightness save her golden shower of silken hair. "Alas!" she murmured, "is man so weak that the brightness of virtue and goodness pales and fades before the force of a vile and filthy habit. ^ Oh, Ferdinand Grit!" she continued, addressing her voico in an adjuring tone to the very heart of the demon-haunted sitter, creat ing a fluttor therein which threatened destruc tion to its adamantine, substance, "can it be that the ties of home and family have no hold upon thee; the wife of thy bosom no el aim uponthelife thou art recilesslyofferingto the giant tempter ? Turn from him onco more, and contemplate the bliss thou shunnest, be bold the blessing; and then, if thou daxesti accopt the doom'thy tempter offers thee I" •/, And with a wave of her hand the whole scene . changed. Seated in a luxurious chair on a spacious . verandah, protected from the burning rays of a Christmas sun by a trellis, covered with sweet scented creepers of rich and varied hues, was a noble-looking man, whose bald head, flowing , grey beard, and he-dthy complexion, betokened a hale old age, while the twinkling eye and upturned lines of the mouth at once pro- , claimed happiness and contentment. Nearby, . in a corresponding chair, was a little, pleasant old woman, whose features, still comely, were one " substantial smile." At the feet of the.;, old couple were seated several small children of... different ages and forms of development, all smiling and happy, engaged in playing with the abundance of toys which had been pur chased in Queen-street the previous. evening by grandpa and grandma, for their especial he hoof—clockwork toys were running here and there, their motions guided by the elder children ; dolls withjlovely complexions and gorgeous draperies reposed in the laps of fair haired girls, who looked like dolls of a larger size, so bright wore their faces, and so" crisp their attire. Leaning against the walls or the . verandah rails wore the proud and happy ' parents of the children present, the sons and daughters of the fine old people before them, with their respective wive» and husbands. Altogether, as fine and happy a family gathering for a Christmas Lay . as could be desired. All were conversing cheerfully, and seemed to enjoy the present; and little wonder, for there was everything around them to contribute to rational enjoy ment. The vast and complete establishment: the lovely gardens around, filled with flower ing plants and trees from all parts of the world; the magnificent surrounding of pic turesque scenery, including several reaches of our heautful river; the ample larder, crowded with the season's luxuries; the well-stored library, stocked wUh the brain work of Europe's greatest minds; the fresh and balmy breeze tempering the fervid heat of the mid summer sun; the song of birds in their pretty cages, suspended at intervals from the rafters of the vast verandah; and,* above all, the glorious old couple looking radiance, and beaming happiness upon the assembly. Were more required to complete their felicity, it could be found in their hearts, where dwelt those most priceless blessings, peace and thank fulness. " Now, Amy, dear," says the old man, raising his face from the pleasing contemplation of the children to that of his youngest daughter, who stood nearest to his chair," now, Amy, dear, before dinner is announced, go inside and play ' that beautiful Christmas hymn I am so fond of, the one with the verse—* Thee let old men. thee let young men, Tliee let boys in chorus sinff; Matrons, virgins, little maidens, v WitU glad voices answering ; • : .. • • let their guileless songs re-echo. , . _ ■ And the heart its praises bring, . ' " Evermore, and evermore !**• Handing her first-horn to grandpa, "the young woman hastened into the drawing- •_ room and commenced the rich old tune^ while ' . the rest of the assembly raised their voices in " : sweet-harmony, the soft breeze hearing away - towards the aishmt hills the glad echoes of their thankful hearts. The hymn ceased, and as the last sound was being wafted heavenwards, a mist gathered over the beautiful scene, and Grit's little par lour once more appeared, with the bottle spirit near the chair, holding to Grit's mouth a .tum bler of his own contents, around the rim of which capered madly the little attendant imp. " The guide and ruler of man's life point with certainty to a distant period of his existence, drawing a faithful picture of what will he, or what might he, even as the school boy can trace the solution of his mathematical' problems through the proposed terms. Effect must follow cause in orderly sequence; from good, good is evolved, with all its pleasant surroundings; from evil, evil, "with all its attendant horrors. I have shown thee what thou mayest become by following mv counsel, -' —honourable, beloved, venerated. For know I 0, Ferdinand! that the centre of love and : affection in the family group in the vision was ' • thyself." So spoke the gentle Fairy as the bright scene closed before the eyes of the astonished Grit, who deeply impressed, with both vision and words, was dodging his head backwards and forwards to avoid the tempting liquid pressed upon him by the fiend. 11 The effort 13 thine, Grit, and fierce the trial thou must undergo to rid thee of thy burden,, but though severe, persistence in good endea vours must lead to his defeat; even now his power is weakening, and the half baffled fiend is writhiug with rage at his discomfiture. 01 yield not, yield not now ! Keep thine eyes fixed upon the radiance of my glowinghair and thou art safe for ever." And as she spoke, the tiny spirit's golden locks became once more illuminated, while the varying tints of. her wonderful skin seemed to intensify. Grit's oyes were now suffused with teais, which the miry observed. " 0, Grit!" she continued, nearing his chair, and directing her speech to his heart. " Thy wife so loving and true; thy children whose futures are in thy hand for good or evil: the unborn hosts who will follow in thy line in the future of thy family history; the many who may bo influenced by thy example, all appeal to thee through me now, and hid theo for their sakes, and for the world's sake, to pause in the career of vice thou hast adopted, to defy the demon now haunting theo, and to accept mo for thy monitor; and X appeal to theo as thy BDeond, though higher self, to yield thee to my guidance, and to permit tho brightness of my presence to illuminate thy soul." Grit's tears were fast flowing, and the demon •. Three Star was in agonies; in vain he un corked and re corked himself; in Tain he pro- ' . duced the seductive gurgle; in vain the lively imp precipitated himself upon his lips or crept . . within liis waiatcout. The tears.flowed irecl>, and. tho victory was nearly for the lairy. " The resolution of the earnest man, nlio dccrna honour more valuable than life—the steady adherence to the course of good which marks him a benefactor to his nice, ami a worthy example to generations vet to come, are blessings derivable from a reliance upon the spirit working within, implanted there by his linker, to guide him onwards and upwards m his course through life. The comforts of old age, t»-c living in both worlds, the blessings of descendants, and the peace of the lust hour, areiovs due to the observance of the precepts -daily offered by the unfettered angel oi your hotter life. Deaden its power, obliterate its traces 011 your life and soul, mil behold the terrific picture of thy course from childhood to tho grave." 