THE NOVELIST. DANIEL DEEONDA.* BY GEORGE ELIOT. BOOK VI.-REVELATIONS. CHAPTER XLVIII.-CONTINUED, She eat awaiting tbe announ cement of Lash m a sort of Bearing operation that Bhe had to so through. The facta that galled her lathered a burning power when she thought of their lying in his mind. It was all a part of that new gambling in which the losing was not simply a minus but a terrible plus that had never entered into her reckoning. Lush was neither quite pleased nor quite displeased with his task. Grandcourt had said to him by way of conclusion, " Don't jnake yourself more disagreeable than nature oblipea you." "That depends," thought Lush. Bat he B&id;, "I will write a brief abstract for Mrs. Grandcourt to read." He did not suggest that he should make tho whole communica tion in writing, which was a proof that the interview did not wholly displease him. Some provision was being made for himself |n the will, and he had no reason to be in a j)ad humour, even if a bad humour had been common with him. He was perfectly con vinced that he had penetrated all the secrets of tbe situation; but he had no diabolic delight in it. He had only the small move ments o! gratified self-loving resentment in discerning that this marriage fulfilled his own foresight in not being as satisfactory as the supercilious young lady had expected it to be, and as Grandcourt wished to feign that it was. He had no persistent spice much stronger than what gives the season ing of ordinary scandal to those who repeat It and exaggerate it by their conjectures. With no active compassion or goodwill, he had just as little active malevolence, being chiefly occupied in liking his particular plea Sures, and not disliking anything but what, hindered those pleasures- everything else ranking with the last murder a.id the last opera buffti, under the head of things to talk about. Nevertheless, he was not indifferent to the prospect of being treated uncivilly by a beautiful woman, or to the counterbalancing .fact that liia present commission put into his bands an official power of humiliating her. He did not mean to use it needlessly; but there are some persons so gifted in relation to us that their "How do you do?" seems charged with offence. By tbe time that Mr. Lush was announced, Gwendolen had braced herself to a bitter 'resolve that he should not witness the slightest betrayal of her feeling, whatever he might have to telL She invited him to sit down with stately quietude. After all, what was this man to her? He was not In the least like her husband. Her power of hatiue a coarse, familiar-mannered man, with clumsy hands, was relaxed by the Intensity with which she bated his contrast. He held a small paper folded in his hand while be epoke. "I need hardly say that I should not have presented myself if Mr. Grandcourt had not expreem-d a strong wish to that effect-as no doubt he has mentioned to you." From eome voices that speech might have .Bounded entirely reverential, and even timidly apologetic. Lush had no intention to the contrary, but to Gwendolen's ear his words bad as much insolence in them as his promi nent eyes, and the pronoun "you" was too {amiliar. He ought to have addressed the folding screen, and Bpoken of ber as Mrs. -Grandcourt. She gave the smallest sign of a bow, and Lush went on, with a little awk wardnenB, getting entangled in what is clegam ly culled tautology " My having been in Mr. Grandcourt s con. 'fidence for 15 years or more-since he was a youth, in fact-of couree gives me a peculiar position. He can speak to me of affairs that he could not mention to any one else: and, in fact, he could not have employed any one else in this affair. I have accepted the task nut of friendship for him. Which is my apology for accepting the task-if you would have preferred some one else." He paused, but she made no sign, and Lush, to give himself a countenance in an apology which met no acceptance, opened the folded letter, and looked at it vaguely before he began to speak again. "Thin paper oontains some information about Mr. Grandcourt's will, an abstract of a part he wished yon to know-if you'll be good enough to cast your eyes over it. But there is something I bad to say by way of introduc tion-which I hope you'll pardon me for, if Ifs not' quite agreeable." Lush found that he was behaving better than_ he had ex pected, and had no idea how insulting he made himself with his " not quite agreeable." "Say what you have to s»y without apolo gising, please," said Gwendolen, with the air she might have bestowed on a dog.stealer come to claim a reward for finding the dog he had stolen. "I have only to remind you of something that occurred before your engagement to Mr. Grandcourt," aaid Lush, not without the rise of some willing insolence in exchange for her acorn. 4> Yon met a lady in Card ell-chase, if yon remember, who spoke to you of her Position with regard to Mr. Grandcourt. She Bad children with her-one a very fine boy." Gwendolen's lips were almost as pale as ber cheeks: her passion had no weapons words were no better than chips. This man's speech was like a sharp knife-edge drawn across her skin; but even her indignation at the employment of Lush was getting merged u* a ctowd of other feelings, dim and alarm, teg as a crowd of ghosts. " Mr. Grandcourt wm aware that you were Acquainted with this unfortunate affair be forehand, and he thinks It only right that his Position and intentions should be made quite clear to you. It is an affair of property and prospects; and If there were any objection you had to make, if you would mention it to m®--it is a subject which, of course, he would lather not speak about himself-if you will be good enough just to read this." With the uat words Lush rose and presented the paper to her. When Gwendolen reaolved that she would Mtray no feeling in the presence of this man, flhe had not prepared herself to hear that her husband knew the silent consciousness, the ?Uentiy aooepted terms on which she had jnairied him. She dared not raise her hand J® take tbe paper, lest it should visibly oemble. For a moment Lush stood holding k towards her, and she felt his gaze on her ?a ignominy, before she oould say even with towtoned haughtiness Lay it on the table. And go into thenext *°om, please." Lush obeyed, thinking, as he took an easy in the back dravnngroom, "My lady considerably. She didn't know what woiill be the oharge for that superfine artiole, Sleigh Grandoourt" But it seemed to him Hgt a penniless girl had done better than she v*th>rightot repubUihing "Daniel Deronda" L"*® Pnrcluaaa t>y toe proprietor! of "The Austral IKLV hadiany right to expect, and that she had been %on y k°0ffIng for her years and op. KELT.! ?6t word" to Udia meant w d ,herP «nning away had prob. fnij^ent.p °J her ®d«>itoesa. It had turned ont a master-stroke. Meanwhile, Gwendolen was rallying her Ef.71? to£he 'TV*! °.f fch# PaPer. She must «Sfii- ^et whol2 being-pride, longing for rebellion, dreams of freedom, remorseful con science, dread of fresh visitation-all made Bnt Dntew ^now whft(.t the PfPer contained. But at first it was not easy to take in the meantog of the words. When shehad su° ceeded. Bhe found that, in the case of there beiog no Bon as issue of her marriage. Grand* court had made the small Henleigh his heir . Snlr^fiK ??re? to extract from the » * any distinctness. The other state £r »£,WkWhat proviaion wuld be made for her in the same case, she hurried over B«niSa8 °An ^confu8e|J perception of thou' onnM <*adsmere. It was enough. She wi^h tv^l ^fi88 t maa in ^6 next room £ lefi®?fc en®W wb'cb had revived in her at the idea that this question of pro PHty ®n<^ inheritance was meant as a finish i cifr b°tnil,atl0nB and her thraldom. I her £!xru8t®hi? puper between the leaves of her book, which she took in her hand, and miked with her stateliest air into the next room, where Lnshimmediately rose, a waiting her approach. When she was four yards from Dim, it was hardly an instant that she paused a high tone, while she swept him with her eyelashes "Tell Mr. Grandcourt that his arrange inents are j aet what I deBired,"-passing on without haste, and leaving Lush time to mingle Bome admiration of her graceful back with that half-amused sense of her spirit and impertinence, which he expressed by raising his eyebrows and just thrusting his tongue between his teeth. He really did not want her to be worae punished, and he was glad to think that it was time to go and lnnch at safad ere he meant to have a lobster nr?'ha'L G,wandolen look forward to? When her husband returned he found her equipped in her riding-dreBS, ready to ride out with him. She was not again going to be or 'aketo her bed and say she was ill. 1 bat was the implicit resolve adjusting her muscles before she could have framed it m words, as she walked out of the room, leaving Lush behind her. She was going to act m the Bpirit of her message, and not to give herself time to reflect. She rang the bell for her maid, and went with the usual care through her change of toilet Doubt less her husband had meant to produce a great effect on her; by and bye perhaps she would let him see an effect the very opposite of what he intended; but at present all that she could show was a defiant satisfaction in what bad been presumed to be disagreeable. It came as an instinct rather than a thought that to show any sign which could be inter preted as jealousy, when she had just been insultingly reminded that the conditions were what she had accepted with her eves open, would be the worst self-humiliation. She said to herself that she had not time to. day to be clear about her future actions; all she could be clear about was that she wottad match her huaband in ignoring any ground for excitement. She not only rode but went out with him to dine, contributing nothing to alter their mutual manner, which was never that of rapid interchange in dis course; and curiously enough Bhe rejected a handkerchief on which her maid had by mistake put the wrong scent-a scent that Grandcourt had once objected to. Gwen dolen would not have liked to be an object of disgust to this husband whom she hated: she liked all disgust to be on her side. But to defer thought in this way was some thing like trying to talk down the singing in her own ears. The thought that is bound up with our passion is as penetrative as air everything is porous to it; bows, smiles, con versation, repartee, are mere honeycombs where 8uch thought rushes freely, not alwayB with a tttBte of honey. And without shutting up herself in any solitude, Gwendolen seemed at the end of nine or ten hours to have gone through a labyrinth of reflection, in which already the same succession of prospects have been repeated, the same fallacious out lets rejected, the same shrinking from the necessities of every course. Already she was undergoing some hardening effect from feel ing that she was under eyes which saw her past actions solely in the light of her lowest motives. She lived back in the scenes of her courtship, with the new bitter consciousness of what had been in Grandcourt's mind certain now, with her present experience of him, that he bad had a peculiar triumph in conquering her dumb repugnance, and that ever since their marriage he had had a cold exultation in knowing her fancied secret Her imagination exaggerated every tyrannical impulse he was capable of. " I will insiston being separated from him"-was her first darting determination; then, " I will leave him, whether he consents or not. If this boy becomeB his heir, I have made an atone ment." But neither in darkness nor in day light could she imagine the scenes which must carry out those determinations with the courage to feel them endurable. How could she ran away to her own family-carry distress among them, and render herself an object of scandal in the society she had left behind her ? What fature lay before her as Mrs. Grandcourt gone back to her mother, who would be made destitute again by the rnptnre of the marriage for which one chief excuse had been that it had brought that mother a maintenance ? She had lately been seeing her uncle and Anna in London, and though Bhe had been saved from any diffi culty about inviting them to stay in Gros venor-equare by their wish to be with Rex, who would not risk a meeting with her, the transient visits she had had from them helped now in giving stronger colour to the picture of what it would be for her to take refuge in her own family. What could she say to justify her flight? Her uncle would tell her to go back. Her mother would cry.' Her aunt and Anna would look at her with wondering alarm. Her husband wonld have power to compel her. She had absolutely nothing that Bhe could allege against him in judiciouB or judicial ears. And to " insist on separation I" That was an easy combination of words; but con. eidered as an action to be executed against Grandcourt, it would be about as practicable as to give him a pliant disposition and a dread of other people's unwillingness. How was she to begin? What .was she to sav that would not be a condemnation of herself J/'If I am to have misery anyhow," was the bitter refrain of her rebellious dreams, "I had better have the misery that 1 can keep to myself." Moreover, her capability of recti. tude told her again and again that she had no tight to complain of her contract, or to withdraw from it And always among the images that drove her back to submission was Deronda. The idea of herself separated from her husband, gave Deronda a changed, perturbing, painfal place in her consciousness: instinctively she felt that the separation wonld be from him, too, and in the prospective vision of herself as a solitary, dubiously regarded woman, she felt some tingling bashfulness at the remem. brance of her behaviour towards him. The association of Deronda with a dubious posi tion for herself was intolerable. And what wonld he say if he knew everything? Pro bably that she ought to bear what she had brought on herself, unless Bhe were sure that she conld make herself a better woman by taking any other course. And what sort of woman was she to be-solitary, sickened of life, looked at with a suspicious kind of pity ? -even if Bhe conld dream of success in get ting that dreary freedom. Mrs. Qrandcoart "ran away" would be a more pitiable creature than Gwendolen Harleth condemned to teach the bishop's daughters, and to be inspected by Mrs. Mompert. One characteristic trait in her conduct is uortb mentioning. She would not look a second time at the paper Lush had given her; and before ringing for her maid she locked it up in a travelling.deBk which was at hand, proudly resolved against curiosity about what was allotted to herself in con nexion with Oadsmere - feeling herself branded in the minds of her husband and bis confidant with the meanness that would accept marriage and wealth on any conditions, however dishonourable and humiliating. Day after day the same pattern of think ing was repeated. There came nothing to change the situation-no new elements in the sketch-only a recurrence which en graved it. The May weeks went on into June, and Btill Mrs. Grandcourt was out wardly in the same place, presenting herself as she was expected to do in the accustomed scenes, with the accustomed grace, beauty, and costume; from church at one end of the week, throngh all the scale of deBirable receptions, to opera at the other. Church was not markedly distinguished in her mind from the other forms of self-presenta tion, for marriage had included no instruction that enabled her to connect liturgy and ser mon with any larger order of the world than that of unexplained and perhaps inexplicable social fashions. While a laudable zeal was labouring to carry the light of spiritual law up the alleys where law is chiefly known as the policeman, the brilliant Mrs. Grandcourt, condescending a little to a fashionable rector and conscious of a feminine advantage over a learned dean, was, so far as pastoral care and religiouB fellowship were concerned, in as complete a solitude as a man in a light* house. Can we wonder at the practical submission which hid her constructive rebellion ? The combination is common enough, as we know from the number of persons who make us aware of it in their own case by a clamorous unwearied statement of the reasons against their submitting to a situation which, on inquiry, we discover to be the least dis aereeable within their reach. Poor Gwen dolen had both too much and too little mental power and dignity to make herself exceptional. No wonder that Deronda now marked some hardening in a look and manner which were schooled daily to the suppression of feeling. For example. One morning, riding in Rotten-row with Grandcourt by her Bide, she saw standing against the railing at the turn, just facing them, a dark- eyed lady with a little girl and a blond boy, whom she at once recognised as the beings in all the world the most painful for her to behold. She and Grandcourt had juBt slackened their pace to a walk; he being on the outer side was the nearer to the unwelcome vision, and Gwen dolen had not presence of mind to do any thing but glance away from the dark eyeB that met hers piercingly towards Grandcourt, who wheeled past the group with an un moved face, giving no sign of recognition. Immediately she felt a riBing rage against him mingling with her shame for herself, and the words, "You might at least have raised your hat to her," flew impetuously to her lips-but did not paBS them. If, as her hus band, ' in her company, he chose to ignore these creatures whom Bhe herself^ had ex cluded from the place she was filling, how could she be the person to reproach him ? She was dumb. It was not chance, but her own design, that had brought Mrs. GlaBher there with her boy. She had come to town under the pretext of making purchases- really wanting educa tional apparatus for the children, and had had interviews with Lush in which he had not refused to soothe her uneasy mind by representing the probabilities as all on the side of her ultimate triumph. Let her keep quiet, and she might live to see the marriage dissolve itself in one way or other-Lush hinted at several ways-leaving the succes sion assured to her boy. She bad had an interview with Grandcourt, too, who had as usual told her to behave like a reasonable woman, and threatened punishment if she were troublesome ; but had, also as usual, vindicated himself from any wish to be stingy, the money he was receiving from Sir Hugo on account of Diplow encouraging his disposition to be lavish. Lydia, feeding on the probabilities in her favoar, devoured her helpleBS wrath along with that pleaaanter nourishment; but she could not let her dis cretion go entirely without the reward of making a Medusa-apparition before Gwen dolen, vindictiveness and jealousy finding relief in an outlet of venom, though it were as futile as that of a viper already flung to the other side of the hedge. Hence each day, after finding out from Lush the likely time for Gwendolen to be riding, she had watched at that post, daring Grandcourt so far. Why should she not take little Hen leiah into the park ? The Medusa-apparition was made effective beyond Lydia's conception by the shock it gave Gwendolen actually to see Grandcourt ignoring this woman who had once been the nearest in the world to him, along with the childien she had borne him. And all the while the dark shadow thus cast on the lot of a woman destitute of acknowledged social dignity, spread itself over her visions of a future that might be her own, and made part of her dread on her own behalf. She shrank all the more from any lonely action. What possible release could there be for her from this hated vantage-ground, which yet she dared not quit, any more than if fire had been raining outside it! What release, but death ? Not her own death. Gwendolen was not a woman who could easily think of her own death as a near reality, or front for herself the dark entrance on the untried and in visible. It seemed more possible that Grand court should die: and yet not likely. The power of tyranny in him seemed a power of living in the presence of any wish that be should die. The thought that his death was the only possible deliverance for her was one with the thought that deliverance would never come-the double deliverance from the injury with which other beings might re proach her and from the yoke she had brought on her own neck. No I she foresaw him always living, and herown Me domi nated by him; the "always" of her young experience not stretching beyond the few immediate years that seemed immeasurably Ions with her passionate weariness. The thought of his dying would not subsist: it turned as with a dream-change into the terror that Bhe should die with to&rotthug; fingers on her neck avenging that thought. Fan* tosiee moved within her like gboata, making no break in her more acknowledged con Bcioueness and findiDg no obstruction in it: dark rays doing their work invisibly in the broad light. Only an evening or two alter that encounter in the park, there was a grand concert at K tamer's, who was living rather magnifi cently now in one of the large # houses in G roBvenor-place, a patron and prince among musical professors. Gwendolen hadjlooked forward to this occasion as one on which she was sure to meet Deronda, and she had been meditating how to put a question to him which, without containing a word that she would feel a dislike to utter, would yet be explicit enough for him to understand it. The straggle of opposite feelings would not let her abide by her instinct that the very idea of Deronda's relation to her was a dis couragement to any desperate Btep towards freedom. The next wave of emotion was a longing for some word of his to enforce a resolve. The fact that her opportunities of conversation with him had always to be snatched in the doubtful privacy of large parties, caused her to live through them many times beforehand, imagining how they would take place and what she would say. The irritation was proportionate when no opportunity came; and this evening at Klesmer'e she included Deronda in her anger, because he looked as calm as possible at a distance from her, while she waB in danger of betraying her impatience to every one who spoke to her. She found her only safety in a chill haughtiness which made Mr. Vander noodt remark that Mrs. Grandcourt was becoming a perfect m&tch; for her husband. When at last the chances of the evening brought Deronda near her, Sir Hugo and Mre. Raymond were close by and could hear every vrord she B&id.; No matter: her has* band was not near, and her irritation passed without check into a fit of daring which re. stored the security of her self-possession. Deronda was there at last, and she would compel him to do what she pleased. Already and without effort rather queenly in her air < as she stood in her white lace and green leaves, she threw a royal permissiveness into her way of Baying, " I wish you would come and see me to-morrow between 5 and o, Mr. Deronda." ..... There could be but one answer at that moment: "Certainly," with a tone of Afterwards it occurred to Deronda that he would write a note to excuse himseW. He had always avoided making a call at Grand- j court's. But he could not persuade himself to any step that might hurt her, and whether his excuse were taken for indifference, or for the affectation of indifference, it would be j equally wounding. He kept his promise. ? Gwendolen had declined to ride out on the plea of not feeling well enough, having left her refusal to the last moment when the horBes were soon to be at the door-not without alarm lest her husband should say that he, too, would stay at home. Become almost superstitious about his power of sus picious divination, she had a glancing fore thought of what she would do in that case namely, have herself denied as not well. But Grandcourt accepted her excuse without remark, and rode off. Nevertheless, when Gwendolen found her self alone, and had sent down the order that only Mr. Deronda was to be admitted, she began to be alarmed at what Bhe had.done, and to feel a growing agitation in the thought that he would soon appear, and she should Boon be obliged to speak : not of trivialities, as if Bhe had|bad no seriousmotive in asking him to come; and yet what she had been for hours determining to say began to seem impossible. For the first time the impulse of appeal to him was being checked by timidity; and now that it was too late she was shaken by the possibility that he might think her invitation unbecoming. If so, Bhe would have sunk in his eBteem. But immediately she resisted this intolerable fear as an intec tion from her husband's way of thinking. That he would Bay she was making a fool of herself was rather a reason why such a judg ment would be remote from Deronda 6 mind. But that she could not rid herself from this sudden invasion of womanly reticence was i manifest in a kind of action which had never occurred to her before. In her struggle be tween agitation and the effort to suppress it, she was walking up and down the length of two drawingrooms, where at one end a long mirror reflected her in her black dress, chosen in the earlF morning with a half admitted reference to this hour. But above this black dress her head on its white pillar of a neck showed to advantage. Some con sciousness of this made her turn hastily and hurry to the boudoir, where again there was glass, but also, tossed over a chair, a large piece of black lace which she snatched and tied over her crown of hair so as completely to conceal her neck, and leave only her face looking out from the black frame. In this manifest contempt of appearance, she thought it possible to be freer from nervousness, but the black lace did not take away the uneasi neBB from her eyes and lips. She was standing in the middle of the | room when Deronda was announced, and as he approached her she perceived that he, too, for Borne reason was not his usual self. She could not have defined the change except by Baying that he looked less happy than usual, and appeared to be under some effort in bpeaking to her. And yet the speaking was the slightest possible. They both said, How do yon do?" quite cnrtly ; and Gwendolen, instead of sitting down, moved to a little distance, resting her arms ahghtly on the back of a chair, while Deronda stood where he was, holding hiB hat in one hand and his coat-collar witn the other-both feeling it difficult to say anything more, though the pre. occupation in his mind could hardly have been more remote than it was from Gwen dolen's conception. She naturally saw in his embarrassment some reflection of her own. Foiced to epeak, she found all her training in concealment and self-command of no use to her, and began with timid awkwardness "You will wonder why I begged you to come. I wanted to ask you something, You Baid I was ignorant. That is true. And whut can I do but ask you And at this moment she was feeling it utterly impossible to put th© questions Bhe bad intended. Something new in her nervous manner roused Deronda s anxiety lest there mUht be a new crisis. He said with the sad. neeB of affection in his voice " My only regret is, that I can be of so little use to you." The words and the tone touched a new spring in her, and she went on with mDieser.Be of freedom, yet Btill not Baying am thing she had designed to say, and be ginning to harr$ that she might somehow arrive at the right words. " I wanted to tell you that I have always been thinking of your advice, but is it any use ?-I can't make myself different, because thii'gs about me raise bad feelings-and I muni go on-I can alter nothing-it is no S ae paused an instant, with the oonBcioua Beta that she was not finding the tight words, but began again as hnrriedly, " But if I go on 1 Bhall get worse. I want not to get noiee. 1 should like to be what you wish. -«r\\.y/aiui; iwi «»n There are people who are good and enjoy great things-I know there are. I am a contemptible creature. I feel aa if I flhonld get wicked with hating people. I have tried to think that I would go away from every body. Bat I can't There are so many things to hinder me. Yon think, perhaps, that I don't mind. Bat I do mina. 1 an afraid of everything. I am afraid of getting wicked. Tell me what I can do." She had forgotten everything bat that image of her helpless misery which she was trying to male present to Deronda in broken allusive Bpeech-wishing to convey but not express all her need. Her eyes were tearless, and had a look of smarting in their dilated brilliancy; there was a Bubdued sob ia_ her voice which was more and more veiled, till it was hardly above a whisper. She was hurting herself with the jewels that glittered on her tightly-clasped fingers pressed against her heart. The feeling Deronda endured in these moments he afterwards called horrible. Words seemed to have no more rescue in them than if he had been beholdiag a vessel in peril of wreck-the poor ship with its many.lived anguish beaten by the inescapable storm. How could he grasp the long-growing process of this young creature's wretched, ness-how arrest and change it with a sentence? He was afraid of his own voice. The words that roshed into his mind seemed in their feebleness nothing better than despair made audible, or than that insensibility to another's hardship which applies precept to soothe pain. He felt himself holding a crowd of words imprisoned within his lips, as if the letting them escape would be a violation of awe before the mysteries of our human lot. The thought that arged itself foremost was -"Confess everything to your husband; leave nothing concealed the words carried in hiB mind a vision of reasons which would have needed much fuller expression for Gwendolen to apprehend them, but before be had begun to utter those brief sentences, the door opened and the husband entered. Grand court had deliberately gone out and tunled back to satisfy a suspicion. What he Raw was Gwendolen's face of anguish framed black like a nun's, and Deronda standing three yards from her, with a look of sorrow such as be might have bent on the last struggle of life in a beloved object Without any BDOW of surprise, Grandcourt nodded to Deronda, gave a second look to Gwendolen, parsed on, and Beated himself easily at a little distance, crossing his legs, taking oat his handkerchief and trifling wicn it ele gantly. Gwendolen had shrunk and changed her attitude on seeing him, but she did not turn or move from her place. It was not a moment in which she could feign anything, or manifest any strong revulsion of feeling; the passionate movement of her last speech was etill too strong within her. What she felt besides was a dull despairing sense that her interview with Deronda was at an end : a curtain had fallen. But he, naturally, was urged into self-poBBession and effort by sus ceptibility to what might follow for her from heing seen by her husband in this betrayal of agitation; and feeling that any pretence of ease in prolonging his visit would only exaggerate Grandcourt's possible conjectures of duplicity, he merely said " I will not stay longer now. Good-bye." He put out his hand, and she let him press her poor little chill fingers; but site said no good-bye. When he had left the room, Gwendolen threw herself into a seat, with an expecta tion as dull as her despair-the expectation that she was going to be punished. Bat Grandcourt took no notice; he was satisfied to have let her know that she had not de ceived him, and to keep a Bilence which was formidable with omniscience. He west eat that evening, and her plea of feeling ill was accepted without even a sneer. The next morning at breakfast he said, " I am doing yachting to the Mediterranean." "When?" Baid Gwendolen, with a leap of heart which had hope in it. "The day after to-morrow. The yacht is at Marseilles. Lush is gone to get everything ready." " Shall I have mamma to stay with meg then?" said Gwendolen, the new sudden possibility of peace and affection filling ker mind like a burst of morning light "No, you will go with me." 