CARITA. By MHB. OLIPHANT, AUTHOR or "THE CHRONICLES oy CARLINGFORD," *' l'HK PERPETUAL CUBATE," ETC. CHAPTER V.-COMING HOME. They stayed in Como till late in October, nov here, 'now there, as caprice guided their steps Sometimes Mrs. Beresford would be pleased to bi quiet, to float about the lake in the boat, doiuj nothing, taking in tho air and the sunshine, or a her window watching the storms that woulr. sometimes come with little warning, turning th« lonely Italian lake in a moment into a wild High land loch, that always delighted her. She liker, the storms, until one day a boat was upset, whicl had a great effect upon her mind. The peoph about her thought her heartless in her investiga tions into this accident, which threw several pooj families inte dire trouble and sorrow. " Would the men die directly ?" she asked ; " OJ would they have time to think and time tc Btruggle ?" Her husband reminded her of the common iden that all the scenes of your life were before you, aa in a panaroma, when you are drowning. " I should not like that," she said, with a shiver, Then Abbondio interposed, he to whom the boat belonged which the Beresfords hired, and told how he had been drowned once. They brought me back," he said ; " and I shall have to die twice now, which is hard upon a man, for I was gone. If they had not brought me back, 1 should never have known any thing more. Ko, signora, I did not see all my life. I felt only that I had slipped the net, ana was grasping and grasp- ing at it, and could not get it." " That was painful," she said eagerly. " lt was a confusion,'' said the flisherman. Mrs. Beresford called to her husband to give him some money for the poor widows who had lost their men in the boat. " A confusion," she said to herself, dreamily. It was a very still day after the storm, and she had been looking with a strange wistfulness at the soft blue ripples of the water which had drowned these men. " A confusion I How strange it is that we know so little about dying ! A lingering death would be good for that, that you could write it down hour by hour,, that others might know." " One would not be able," said her husband. "Besides, I think everything gets misty; and ono ceases to be interested about other people. I don't much believe those stories that represent passionate feeling in the dying. Tho soul sets languid. Did I ever toll you what a friend of mine said, who was dead like Abbondio, till the doctors got hold of him and forced him back ?" "No,"she said, growing^very pale; "tell me, James." "She .told me that she felt nothing that was painful, but as if she was floating away on the sea above Capri, where she had nnce been. Do you remember the sea there, how blue it is about those great Fariglian rocks ? And there she was floating ' -floating-not suffering ; mind and body all softly afloat, until they got hold of her, as I say, and forced her, back." "Ahl" said Mrs. Beresford, with a shiver. " I should not like to be forced back. Poor soul ! She will have to die once again some time ; but if it was only like that, she will not be much afraid." . "She was as far gone as she could go to come back, I have heard. What queer talk this, is my ¿arling ! The accident has spoiled all our pleasure." " No, it is pleasant talk. I like that idea of floating ; it is beater, far better, than Abbon dio's confusion ; but that, I suppose, was becausn of the suddenness in his case, and clutching at something, perhaps, as he got into the water. It was not an accident with her, no dying of an ilbaess as we poor women do." . And most men, Annie ; the greater part of us all." " Yes, yea, I know. Poer woman ! And they brought her back ?" " Her family were round her bed, my darline, praying for her life, asking nothiug but to get ber back, You don't consider her children, and her husband. Don't let us talk of it ; it makes me think of jumping into this wicked lake, and getting it all over." " Ah I do you feel like that too ? It is wicked, James; how dare you think such things ? Take nie back home ; yes, home. I am tired of this place. It is all very well when it is fine, but winter is coming. To-morrow let us go home." He took her to the shore with a few long sweeps of the oars, glad in his heart of that dscision. He, too, was very tired of the place ; more tired of the eternal shining than of the stones, and it was getting late in the year for the Alps. Nevertheless, it was by the Alps that this capricious woman in- sisted upon returning, and they had something very near destruction in the snows, which roused and pleased her mightily. Atter the excitement, however, nothing would please her but to rush to London with the utmost speed. She objected to have a night in Paris. She had been seized with a passion of longing for the humdrum Square. Miss Cherry brought Cara up to Sunninghill to bo at home to receive her mother. But the pair of tra- vellers had stolen amareb upon the household, and instead of waiting to be received in a proper manner in the evening, dinner ready and every thing com- fortable, had arrived at an absurd hour in the day. before the maids were out of bed. when there was Hot a thing in the house. Cook herself came, much aggrieved, to tell Miss Cherry this, while Cara ran up-stairs to her mother's room. . " I dou't make no doubt as folks get very fan- ciful when they're ill ; but still, Miss, there's rea- son in all things. At six o'clock in the morning, and wo not ITO, as why should we be, not think- ing of nothing" of the sort, and not a thing in the house ?" " It was hard, Cook," said the sympathetic Miss Cherry ; " but then, you know, my brother had a right to come to his own house when ho pleased. Coming home is not like going any where else. But I hope Mrs. Beresford is looking bettor ?" " Better," said Cook, spreading out her hands ; told Sarah, the housemaid, shook her head and put her apron to her eyes. " Dear, dear," said kind Miss Cherry, appallod hy their tears, " but travelling all nignt makos ûay one look ill. I shall not go up until she has had a good look at her child. Miss Cara is like a ' little rose." ¡ " So she is. Miss, bless her," assented the maids, and Cherry had to wait for a. long time in the library before even her brother came to her. . One thing struck her with great surprise,, there were no boxes about half emptied, in which precious fragilities were packed in straw and wicker case. The Buen Retiro cup was the only thing they had bought, and that was among Mrs. Beresford's, things, smashed ; and they had both forgotten its 1 very existewpe. No more wonderful sign could have been of the changed times When Miss Cherry in her turn was introduced into the bedroom in which Mrs. Beresford lay, holding a levee in bed, she all but cried out with sudden panic. She only just stopped herself in time, her mouth,was open, her tongue in the very act of forming the " Oh 1" when her brother's look stopped her. Not that he saw what she was going to say, or all the effect his wife's changed looks had upon her. He himself had got used to them. He asked her, half aside, " How do you think, she is looking ?" with a very eager look in his eyes. " She is looking tired," said Miss Cherry. "Most people do after travelling all night. T could not have lifted my head from the pillow ; but Annie had always so much spirit." " Yes,, she has no end of spirit," said poof James Beresford, looking admiringly at his wife. He flattered himself, poor fellow, that Cherry had not observed the thinness of the worn face, beside which her own faintly coloured old maid's almost looked fresh and round and blooming. He had been alarmed at the thought of what " they" would think of her looks, but now his spirits rose. Cherry did not seem to have remarked it ; and what a hypocrite poor Cherry felt sitting there smiling with her heart sinking more and more every moment. " What will he do without his wife ?" she was asking herself. And, alas ! that wife's worn looks, her fretful little outbursts of impatience, all her caprices and restlessness, be- trayed a progress of evil more rapid than any one had ever feared. " Does Mr. Maxwell know you have come back ? He will want to see you. He was always so anxious to have news of you," she said, falter- ingly- ,., , " We have forgotten what doctors are like," said Mrs. Beresford. " I don't want ever to renew my acquaintance with them. James send him a note, and let him come to dinner. Yes, Cara. What has my pet got to say ?" ! "You said two different things at once, mamma : that you did not want to see doctors again ; and that Mr. Maxwell was to come to dinner," " I told you she was an idealist," said Mrs. Beresford, smiling. Then changing, as she had got into a way of doing, in a moment, she added, " Get down from the bod, Cara ; you tire me. There, sit there, further back. Children flutter so ; they are always in motion, Cherry is still she is a comfort-and James. Mrs. Meredith can come, if she likes to come before I get up. .She is a soft, tranquil woman, like Cherry. Silly, perhaps, but that does not matter. "When one is over tired, silly people who don't fatigue one are the best." v " I wonder does she think me silly ?" Miss Charity said to herself ; and it is to be feared there was not much doubt on the subject. After she had made this speech about Mrs. Meredith next door, the invalid sent them all away that shé might rest. This was no more than a passing fancy, like other notions that flitted across her restless brain. She then went down softly to the. library, avoiding by common consent the drawing room, which was her room, and so closely asso- ciated with all her ways. Then James Beresford interrogated his sister very closely. * You don't see a very great change-nothing more than you expected He was tired too, poor fellow, ! worn out in body and in soul " I think you should see Mr. Maxwell at once,' said Miss Cherry, who was timid, and did not like to commit herself. " What does it matter what I think, who don't know ? I think she is perhaps more worn than I expected j but then she has been travelling all night. Perhaps you ought not to have allowed her to do so much." " I ! How could I help it-and I was too thank- ful to get home. How I hate those pleasure places 1 the more beautiful they are, the more ter- rible. I dreamt this. I shall never be able to en duie mountains and echoes again till Annie is better," he added, with such a miserable pre- tence at a smile that his kind sister almost broke down. She had made up her mind to remain at his entreaty, though there was a doubt in the minds of both whether the invalid would like it. " Annie will be pleased, 1 am sure," he said. How well they all understood it ! But quiet Miss Cherry felt no anger with the fanciful, capricious, suffering woman, who meant happiness in this bouse, notwithstanding all her uncertain moodB and ways. " I will tell her I have something to do in town, and ask her to give me a bed for a few nights." " Aunt Cherry, you had nothing to do when we started ; you meant to go home to-day." " Yes, Cara, but I should like to seo your mamma get a little better." " Then please tell her so," said the child, " please tell her so. I know what you think. You think she is very very ill, but you will not say it. You try to deceive papa and me, and her too. I cannot bear to be deceived." " My dear, some time or other you will learn j to know that one must not say everything one thinks ; though, indeed, I would always have you say the truth." " I shall never learn not to say what I think," said the|little girl, with erect head and severe blue eyes fixed upon her hunt disapprovingly. Miss Cherry was nervous and easily disturbed. She could not bear oven Cara's disapproval, and she began to cry in spite of herself, even theu not quite ingenuously sfte felt, for her disturbed nerve and her distress and sympnthy for her brother wero at the bottom of her emotion, though Cara's severity gave an immediate reason for her tears. Mrs, Beresford was better in the evening, and came down,to dinner, putting on dne of her pf et-1 j tiest dresses, in honour of the return, " I have, worn nothing but grav alpaca for months,", she said. " Like you, Cherry, ! am quite glad to get out of it, and feel at home again. We have had rather a long spell of honey-mooning this time, and wo were beginning to get tired ot each other; but it was the last you know, for Cara is to go with us next y«ar." Cara, who was siting by, began to speak. " If--' she said, and then stopped, arrested in spite of hér self by such a passionate look as she had never seen I in her father's eyes. i " If-what ? Toa think I shall change my mind? Ah, Mr. Maxwell, how do you do ; am I feeling strong ? Well, not strong, perhaps, but very well to-night. I have ups and downs. And poor James, there, whom I have punished severely, will tell you I have grown the most fanciful, troublesome, capricious woman. James." He bad taken Cara into a corner, and was whis- pering to her in a voice which made the child tremble. " If you say a word, if you vex your mother or frighten her with this idiotic sincerity of yours, by Heaven, I'll kill you 1"clinching his hand. "Ca- pricious I Yes, you never saw any thing like it, Maxwell. Such a round as she has led nie-such a life as I have had !" And he laughed. Heaven help them ! they all laughed, pretending to see the joke, while in the corner, her little frame thrilling in every nerve with that strange violent whisper, the first roughness that had ever come her way, Cara sat staring at the group in a trance of wonder. What did it mean P Why were they false all of them, crying when she was not there, j pretending to laugh as soon as they turned to her? I It was Cara's first introduction to the mysteries of life. That night, when Miss Cherry had cried herself nearly blind, after a stolen interview with the doctor in the passage as he left the house, she was frightened nearly out of her wits by a sudden j apparition. It was late, for Cherry, though used to early hours, had not been able to think of sleep after the doctor's melancholy shake of the head, and whisper of "I fear the worst." She was sitting sadly thinking of what that pretty house would be with the mistress gone. What would become of James? Some men had work to occupy them. Some men were absorbed in the out-door life which makes a woman less the companion, perpetual and cherished; but James! Cherry Beresford was so different a woman from her sister-in-law, that the affection between them had been limited, and most conventional ; the en- forced union of relations, not any thing spontane- ous ; for where mutual understanding is not, there can not be [much love. But this did not blind her perception as to what his wife was to James. She, had not been very much to him, nor he to her. They had loved each other calmly, like brother and sister, but they had not been companions since they were children. Cherry was very Bimple and true, not deceiving herself any more than other people, knew very well that she could never fill for him any thing pf the place his wife had left vacant. Her heart would bleed for him ; but that was all and what would become of him? She shivered and wept at the thought, but could think of nothing -- nothing ! What would poor James do ? When Cara came stalking in before her in her night-gown, with a candle in her hand, white and chill as a little ghost, her face very pale, her brown hair hanging about her shoulders, her white bare feet showing below her night- dress, all lighted up by the candle she carried, " I have come to ask you what it all means," the child said ; " none of you say what is true. You laugh when I can see you are more like crying, and you make jokes, and you tell-lies. Have you all gone mad, Aunt Cherry ; or what does it mean ?" Upon this a little burst of impatience came to Miss Cherry, which was an ease to her overwrought feelings. " You little disagreeable, tiresome child ! How JUJU, IAulao uisu^iccauiD, iiiDsuuia uuiiu i JU.V/TT dare you make yourself a judge of other people 1 Are you so wise, or so sensible, that you should be able to say exactly what is right and what is wrong? I wonder at you, Cara! When you see us unhappy, all upset and miserable about your poor mamma." "But why? To tell me-lies j will they make her well ?" "You should have been whipped!" cried the indignant lady. " Oh, you should have been whip- ped when you were a small child, and then you never would have dared to speak so to me, and to your poor father, whose heart is broken ! Would you like us to go and tell her how ill she is, and beg of her to make haste and die? Poor, poor Annie ! That is what would be best for her, to get rid of the pain. Is that what you will like us todo?" " Oh, Aunt Cherry, Aunt Cherry, don't say that mamma-that mamma-" " No, my darling, I can't say it," cried Miss Cherry, drawing the child into her arms, kissing and crying over her. " I won't say it. I'll never, never give up hope. Doctors are deceived every day. Nobody can tell what may happen and God hears prayers when we pray with all our hearts. But that's why we hide our feelings, Cara; why we laugh, dear, when We would like to cry ; why, we try to talk as if we were happy, when we aro very sad ; for she would give up hope if she once knew " " And would that make any difference ?" said the child, in all the impenetrability of wonder, one revelation bursting upon her after another, feel- ing this new dark mysterious world beyond her powers. " Would hope make any difference ?" cried Miss Cherry, "Oh, child, how little you know ! It is hope that makes all the difference. If you think things «re going well, it helps them to go well it keeps up your strength, it cheers your heart, it makes you a different creature. Every thing, every thing lies in keeping up hope." " I don't uuderstand,:' said Cara, slowly. She had pushed open a door unawares into a spiritual world, of which she knew nothing. She had not one of the happy superficial natures which sail over mysteries. That which was deeper than fact, aud truer than truth, was a perplexity and aching wonder to the child. She could not fathom it ; she lu d but just discovered it. abe stood quite still while Miss Cherry explained to her as well as :Bhe;Ooidd'<'how<'nothing-niust-'be Baid or done that would alarm the patient, how every thing must be made smooth and 'kept cheerful roiui d. ... "And Cara,you will remember-.vou will say nothing to frighten her, whatever you may hear. If she sbo.uld suffer very much, you must always look as if you felt sure she would soon be better." "Even if it is not true?" " Oh, my dear child, the only way to mend that is to pray to God day and night, day and night, to make it true 1 He can and He will-or, oh, Cara, we hope He will!" cried Miss Cherry, with tears. " And you can help by always praying, and always being cheerful. Look at your poor papa, how he smiles and jokes, and his heart is "breaking all the time." "His heart is breaking !" said Cara, under her breath. « " But if we all do what we can, and are cheerful, and trust in God, she may get better, dear. There is so much we can do. This is how I try to keep up iny^heart. We must never look frightened, never let her get alarmed. Keep cheerful, cheerful, Cara, whatever we do." The child went back to bed with her head buz- zing, full of strange thoughts. She knew very well that nurse had often exhorted her to patience unéer toothache, for instance, as the best cure j but it never had cured in Cara's experience. Was cheerfulness likely to do in her mother's, and smiles instead of crying, and people saying things they did not believe? Such knowledge was too high for her'. It confused her head, and made it ache and throb with the multitude of her thoughts. . (TO BK CONTINUED.) 