THE NEW.!(OJAB|S iHOLHOiiYS. The'f liblidoys irieidental toithistMOspn of the year liav.e beori brouglit to a oloso, (arid, business it is anticipated ; will once moreresunie its pro per andploddirig bourae.A.Theexit of tlie old year 1875 and the advent of the now year 187G s 1 1 1 J1 1 L.. It- « n-AmViava nf f.lia Vrtlllll. was auiy neraiueu uy i/uo v teer and Borough , Bands,- tlie. strains of melody from each" being' 'heard! iri different .quartets of the town, while somo warm-hearted and military minded philanthropic blacksmith tired a royal salute at midniglit by means of his anvil;. to the : "great disturbance of -those more seriously in clined who were devoutly attending to their '.'watch-night" devotions at "church. The "early, iriprning sun, however, answered; the same purpose "as, the 'Cbck'orowirig to 'Hauilet's ghost, arid Ihe'revellers vahishedtfith'. the 'advancing light. - New Year's Day was a festival iri earnest , to.many ; the weather was gloriqu8, 'and'all who icould;. liied.away. to" that amusement jvhibli to them seemed' 'ino3t attractive. ,. The early up train to Melbourne carried away a large erqwd to-witness the Ohampion Races .on the Fleming- tori - Gourso, a: full ' report of the proceedings .at which appears - elsewhere,-1 At "about a quarter pitatT0 the'dbwri'trairi arrived' from Melbourne bringing a' cbnsiderlvble hrimber : of passengers' en route" for' tlie Highland Gathering(,at'-;Mary- \- borough ; the same train . on leaiWri'g ftlib station took! 'aw'ay' upw'at-dsiof 200 to tho/monster, pic nics at Harcourt arid Riiveriswood, where airiost exhilirating day was spent. -The Maryborough train" ivas ari-unusually long, ori'e, Varidicrowded to 'excess1, by those anxious: to- be present at' the Friendly Societies' Fote! at -Guildford, and the Highiiind'(Gathering: in' Prince's Park,-'Mary- bpr6'ugli tiiis. train dill not arrivo," at-her'-desti- Viatibri till iiearly o no (AclocW/ having c received corisi'derable(rid'diti6ris(fo(.-.hbr. "living .'frehtvat GuUdfprd(aridNewstpad'((, 'For thhp'uilV6ses;pf ithe-pleasiire-seekeraiu ptlie quwters, eveiy availablo cab and vehicle, was .in ''request "and iri'any' liad to 'avail themselves iof: the, only mains -of l'oconiotiori enplioiiiously kriowntas. f '.Sliank's pony: Very few were' left in Gastleiriaine— all who could 'liad fled. tr' ' ' : aiw ..(The Friendly Societies, both pf 1 Campbell's Orriek" and -Guiidf6rd, ; entered (into: friendly .rivalry,, each having avrariged'a 'programme'tof (sports . for,'. 'those "(who should' (feel . inclined to patronise their efforts. At Campbell's ' Creek, -the, .members of; the , Loyal , \V(elcome ( Lodge, .G.Tj.O.O.F.,:;Reehabites, and'.Go'pd Thmjplars, all in frill uniform, tormed-a. procession :at,(tlie sbhool-housB of the Primitive iVtothodistChurch, and, bonded by the Volunteer, Band, ( wended their way to the Recreation Reserve. .'Visitors arrived in due course, 'aud in the afternoon there were from 500 to 600 people onvthe ground.' .A capital cricket riiatch was played; the/scoring on either sido being;82 and 91 respectively/ 'Various : games wore " entered into ' with t spirit- .by'; the young lieri' arid young .woineri races were im provised, and hotly contested, Mr -Best: proving himself by far the "best athlete ori the course. Nor. were the, children forgotten, (and:;all , was well managed by the ehei'geti6'arid 'attentive committee. Au present: were; pleased, and' ex pressed their pleasure at tlie (excelleiit wiiy , in .whicli the .day had been spent. - Iri .the, evening 'a . concert , was given in ; the school-rQom ; this was well attended, and proved -a. liighly fitting termiiiatiori to the enjoyments of the day. . At Guildford, the -.Friendly , Societies located in that neighborirlipbd enjpyed: their aririual re- 'unioheri-the -Redreatiori- reserve of 'tKatltown ship. Tho' Pvboessibri wtisA long one, And all " th.e irieinbers being :dressed;in(regalia,-'if;had a very inipbsirig'effectlas it( wended its way up the hill ; from the , brf dge,' bauriers('fly irig, and the .ban d_ playing lively airs,; A very liberal pro- . gramme of sports had been arranged by the com mittee, and' it .was faithfnlly.(and('well carried through, giving ; satisfaction to she joint com mittee, and to the crowds,- wliO:attended to wit ness -and take part in them. Judging by the numbevs'preserit this eveiit inust have proved a .financial suecess: ';ri a -i . . i1 The Orembrrie 'Gardetis (Mr Meredith'sjat Chewton, were well - attended, not . only, by the; residents iri,. the imriediate,'neigliborirhob'il;.but" alao.many f rpni a. -distance. Each, and .rail' en joyed the fruits, of 1 thojprop'rietor's 'extensive orchard, .'andUpartook:;of,,:tlie cencrpns wine of his vineyard. vi To the strainB.of musiogiven by those -members 1 of tthe Volunteer Band/ who :wei-e present; those who felt inolinedudanoed-it merrily, "-botli 'in'1, tho afternoon, and tat- night. TheJ evening was so' fine that' many indulged in quiet promenades through ' the illuminated grounds,, the pleasure of which was heightened by tlie ihiisicfrbiii, the barid. ' '' -1 ;"1": /'- :, The Bprqugh Band, at thb(, Mouht.Alexqnder Gardens (Mr Bitliell's) were well patronised, and'they performed their ; part w.ell;; giving, a most excellent selection, ofmusic, both operatic and dance. '' There were many-other places patronised, ' mostly by private- parties,1' wlitfi formed- them selves into pleasarit coteries' and' pioriics ; and in the"evening"Alie-<'return!.,hbma7''by3''alll the ayenuesjiit'o tlie—town (including - the, station), was a sight" worth'seeing, : 