IACGUS WARLAND: OR THE LONG Moss SePrn'a. gTORY OF TItTILT?GO *WOCIDENTS IN SOUTH AmiIEtICA. nt nn Aucrfcr;n .nlUtboreui. OHAPTEK V.-Continued. 1Feeling the truth -of her remark, ',hile he honoured her disinterested ,mpassion, the doctor obeyed her, and urned to the patient, whose moans and cries indicated a decree of pain which he feared his utmost skill would be unable to relieve. It was a harrowing tank to examine the extent of the iijuries she liad reciev.d,'nor was it possible for him "to pronounce at once upon the probabi "lity of her recovery. So strong was her aolicitude to know his opinion of Cora's case, that irs Bollamy 'forgot her oen, and fixed her eyes upon him with a look of earnest inquiry. She saw that a deep cloud rested on liea- countenanco, and her heart failed. " You think' her case very bad, Doc -or ?" *. She is indeed very badly burn' d." « But there-is hope, doctor ? You Jhave oured such dreadful cases ?" " I do not say that this is hopeless; all that I can do shall be done to mitigate her sufferings and promote her recovery. Boc, my dear madam, when are you goin •to let mue sea those hands of yours you .keep socYrerfully concealed ?" \- " HIow willingly would I endure this, if by so dohig I could purchase the life of Corn ! " said NMr Bellamy, while they unbound her smarting and disfigured hands. But never in their native fairness, .Len uncovered and sparkling 'with rings, had they been so worthy of admiration as at this moment, marred as they were in her generous efforts to save 'tho life of her slave. So l)octor Manning thought, as with gentle touch and well tried fkill he applied the healing remedies of his art to the quivering flesh. lie had a soul keenly susceptible of the influence of moral beauty, and has his professijn brought him within those sanctuaries of the heart to which very few are admitted, he had an opportunity of studying its most hidden pages. "' Your scars will be more honourable than those of the warrior's, gained on the sattle-field," said he to Mrs Bellamy, when he had dressed her liand. " I do not deserve any praise, dootor. It was all instinctive." C' But surely the instinct of benevolence 'that induces one to peril her life regard less for another, is more praiseworthy than the self-,ovejthat folds the mantle of security oaer its own breast, believing that self preservation is the first great law of being." After administering an anodyne te 'both, the doctor took his leave, promisine to call the next day, or rather the same for it was already dawn. At the outeo door be was stopped by the bridegroom -who could scarcely articulate the question that trembled on his lips. " She will not die, doator, will she Cora will not die ?" repeated he stand ing on his words as if his own existenci depended on the answer. "I hope not, my poor fl low," said the doctor, in a kind and sympathising tone. " It is impossible for me to say now what will be the result, but we -will certainly hope for the best.. In the mean time, I will do all I can ts restore her." " I know you will, doctor," said he still detaining him. " Promise to ouri Cora, and I will follow you on may kneel all my born days." " You must.pray to God for her life "ani that .he will bless the meant for her recovery.; but you must not put nes in the place of the Almighty,' said the doctor, gently drawing away from the despairing bridegroom, and ridian from the door. " Yes," mused the benevolent pihysi. clan, as he went forth into the faietehil. morning twilight; "the words this poor negro has uttered in his despair are but the echoed broathings of suffer inghumsamity. .in the hear of physical nrguish and impending bereavement, inmplosingly nature turns to us, and prays us, in God's stead, to succour and to save. If our feeble arm does arrest the stroke of the destroying angel, some grateful hearts invoke heaven's bleasin. on our head ; but if human science be baffle:, and inexorable death claim his aicrim, then the frantic asourner thinks " we might have saved them if .we e:sould.' Verily, there are thorns among the roses that blossom on the 6wyside of our existence.' It is probable the reflections of Doe tor Mauning would not have assumed the character they did, had he indulged anry sanguine hopes of the recovery of this pa i nat. Days, oven weeks passed away, and all his skill and kindniess availed not. Poor Cords doom was ealled. Mfrs Bell.tny had recovered the use of her bun.Is, a;rd assisted in nursing tlhe dying mulatto. So groat and pro Atraeied had been her sufferings, that erven King was willing thot she should die, ra h-r than live longer in liopeloes noguish. At first Cora clung to life with strong convulsive grasp, and would intreat the doctor, with pitying accouts "Notto let her die," but gradually .licr natural longing for life relaxed, the wild glance of despair melted into the softness of tears, and she begged her mistress to pray that she might be made willing to die. Holy were the nranyers that wnt up by her bedside for the boon of Christian resignation, and they were not breathed in vain. The samo gentle hand that had oembraced the flames for her rescue, led her, a tremb ling, but accepted penitent, to the feet of her Saviour. It seemed as if the blazing element that had consumed the springs of her existence was touched by the beauty of her face. ',o defacing mark was there -her cheek remained smooth and trans parent as when St blushed beneath the bridal kiss. Just before she died, she turned her eyes in all their languishing brightness towards her mistress, who bent over her to catch- her faint low accents. " Let me kiss once more the dear hands that suffered for me," said the expiring mulatoo: and her weeping rnistress softly pressed her hand 'on the cold lips. There is s.plan'sldb'tn a green imllo sure on Bieko*y 'Hill, sacred to'the memory of Cors. ?here are sweet flowvers and shrubs bIlooming around it. The mourning bridegroom of an hour planted a weeping willow by its side, and many a night when the moon was shining on her grave, the tall, dark' form of Haunibal would wander to the spot, certain that he met there the spirit of Cora, and that she looked kindly upon him. Indeed, all the negroes on the plantation believed they saw her ghost always dressed like a bride, in white muslin and white roses. One incident in connection with the history of the doomed bride should not be omitted here. A short time after her death. Hanni hal fell sick, and Dr. Ilanning was summoned to his bedside. He had at tended him the previous year during his illness, and Eannibsal had a grateful remembrance of his kindness, and an unbounded admiration for his skill. One night, when the General's fever was unusually high, and he began to have some fears for his own safety, he requested to he left entirely alone with the doctor. *" Doctor," said he, "do yen think I going to die this time 7" "I hope not, General ; you do not look like a dying man yet." ' But I may die for all that, and 1 want to tell you something, if you please, doetor, because I knows I ought to con fess it. 'Spose a man wants to kill a man, and does notdo it; it is not mur der. is it doctor 7" "If he would do it if he could, he is a murderer in his heart, General." "0 Lord,'? cried Hannibal; rolling his hot head from side to side on the bolster. "0 Lord, I would have k'illed King if I could, before poor Cora got bhrned to oildors ;'I did not trink of nothing else dootor" "But you have repented since," said the duotor, trying to soothe the excited conscience of his patient; "you would not do it now." "0 no, no; L. so sorry for him; I would not hurt his little finger for him. I repented ever since; I keep repenting long as I live." •"Then I doubt not you are forgivee by Him you have offended. But keep quiet General, or I never shall be able to cure you." "I quiet now, I confesa it, I make clean breast this time, ' said the negro, submitting to tile wi.l cf his medical adviser, whom he had invested for the time with sacerdotal power. Ranqibsl recovered and became the devoted friend of po6r King. (T2 rbe outinitied.) 