HARD TIMES JN NEW ZEALA The following (says the Gcclonj Aclrcrtlscr) is un extract from an amusing letter written by a gentleman well kn »ivn on the Geelong press to a resident of this town, dated New Zealand, 22nd May:-"I promised when 1 left Geelong that when I had an opportunity 1 should write to yon, and that promise it 13 now my intention to keep. Since my arrival at Port Chalmers my career has been a some what chequered cno; dull, dismal clouds lowering, but I suppose the brilliant sunshine lurks behind. Dnnodin, the commercial metropolis of New Zealand, proved a disappointment. The press belonged to a charmed circlc; it was the ex clusive property of a press club, and there was no opening-not" the ghost of loophole-for a Victorian interloper like me. I sought other employment, behind the counter and the bar, but was doomed to dis appointment. 0:io of the reliable (?) organs of public opinion trumpeted forth the praises of a labor agent, and declared there was lots of work for those who would adapt them selves to circumstances. 1 paid my fee, and hung about the steps of the agent's oflice until my toes were crampcd, and my patience exhausted. A few days before Christmas, with half-a-crown (the remains of my ample fortune), I started on the wallaby track. I deposited my memorable black bell topper under a manuka tree, abandoned my paper collar, and dressed myself asanow chum. For about a week I encountered the most delightful privations imaginable. Travelling on scant faie, and roosting at night where'er I could find shelter. At the end of that period-one of the happiest of my life-I found myself over a hundred miles on my way, at a place called Papakau, with a skinned nose and blistered toes, and my elastic sides worn to the verge of despera tion. The Provincial Government of Otago were at this place engaged in rectifying the absurdities of a tramway made some months previously by a p^t contractor, and passed as perfect by the obsequious officers of the department. I applied for employment, and two days afterwards com menced a brief career with pick and shovel on the Awamoka railway. To toll you all my experiences in my uew capacity would be a long, even if interesting tale. You will probably conceive soine of my pleasures, how I manufactured 'palm' oil and patent blisters. I boarded at a hotel, and slept in the 'dead-house,' a placed fitted up with bunks just as on board nf a steamer For some time JL have been engaged with a survey party, and 1 am just beginning to get on my legs, and s:ive a little money. 1 was nover in bettor ln'alth or condition, but as usual I am not at all contented. I have plenty of exereiso, (ravelling on the average twonty miles daily erer rough ground and hilly country. There are three of us and a cook, ^Ve live well, and have lots of frosh air. By-and- bye, I suppose I shall be a Jack-of-all-trades. Some ni these odd days I shall writo to you more filly, and give you a bettor account of this lr-jhly-taxed and much-indebted country." 