AGRICULTURAL NEWS BY THE MALL. The month preceding the departure ot the last mail from England was an ex ceedingly disturbed one both as regards agricultural operations and the farm pro duce markets. There had been but a slight break in the unfavourable weather which characterized the previous month, and the various pursuits connected with fanning were being carried on under severe difficulties. The harvest had been reaped in most of the English counties; but] in the North the garnering of the crops, which had been already too long standing, was delayed by heavy floods, which covered considerable areas of country, and in many cases put all hopes of a satisfactory yield out of the question. The heavy rains were accom panied by a higher temperature than i3 usual in October, and the result was shown in a prevalence of blight in the potato crop to a marked extent in Scot land, and more partially in some of the Southern districts of Great Britain. This rather gloomy state of* things was to a small extent counteracted by the prospect of a good jaeld of root crops, and there was every hope of a plentiful supply of winter feed. It must have been somewhat consoling to English farmers to learn that that eminent agriculturist Mr. Mechi predicted better crops for the next few years. The ground of his prophecy is the belief that good and bad seasons run in cycles ; but the question is naturally asked, ' Where i3 the line of demarcation to be found, and how do we know that the bad cycle is at an end J' In England the importance of at once attending to the autumn sowing was being ur^ed, but the weather was of course unfavourable for this operation, as well as for reaping in places where the crops were still upon the land. The heavy rains rendered ploughing a difficult task, and compelled a longer delay than was desi rable. The Eastern complications had amarkcJ effect upon Mark-lane as well as upon tho Stock Exchange. The probability that Russia would ere long be engaged in war with Turkey, and possibly other Powers, of course raised the prospect of a partial stoppage of grain supplies by an inter ference with the Black Sea trade. This consideration hardened the market, and holders showed a disinclination to part with their stocks at anything but a consi derable advance. The probable require ments of the year were estimated at 14 million quarters, and tho imports up to September 1 liad not exceeded eight ? millions. The Mark Lane Express publishes an interesting table showing the imports of cereals into the United Kingdom in tho year ending August 31, 1S70, and tho estimated growth in Great Britain and Ireland during the same period. Tho imports were — Wheat, 53,700,193 cwt. ; flour, G, 144,792 cwt.; barley, 8,118,005 cwt.; oats, 10,841,340 cwt. Tho esti mated growth was— 'Wheat, 13,810,013 qrs. ; barky (about), 10,000,000 qrs.; oat3 (about), 10,500,000 qrs. Educational.— The distribution ot prize* to the pupils attending the Collegiate School of St. Peter will take place this altoruoun. In tho evening tho annual distribution ot prizes in con nection with the Gouger-stroet Academy will take place in the 8ohoolroom,and -vill be followed by an entertainment by the pupils. Spokiixg.— The general entries for tho New Year's Day Meeting of tho S. A. Jockey Club will be rectked by the Secretary to-day at the Begistor-Chambers up to 4 o'clock-. Kh«si-gtox akd Nobwood Institute.— A meeting of the members will ba held this evening at the Institute Building, Norwood, to pass the rules and elect offiotiv- ur the ensuing year. Glesklg Institdtk. — A meeting of tho con tributors tu the building fund uf itiis institution will be held at the Fier Hotel tbij evening to consider tbo question of trusteeship. Tae South Australian.— Tfcio now steamer, for the iir.-t.tinje in charge of Capuia Lockyor, late of tLe Flinders, proceeded to the North Arm on Wednesday afternoou, December 20, to adjust ber compasses, aht. wi.l begin her intercolonial trade to day. Patems.— During the week en-lod Decembor 19, Icttsta uf registration have bc.a granted to Hemy James Cole, of Wauddworui- nud, in tho County of Surrey, England, of an invention ior 'a combined syphon tap and btojj^ur for aerated liquid bottles;' and to William Loieoster Addis, of Gleneltr, South Australia, of au invention for ' improvements in kilns or ovens for burning bricks, tike, pottery, and other ceramicwaro, also for burning limestone.' The Cable Conference.— Wo understand that the Ministry have cousoutj.l 10 the sugges tion of tbe HcVf South Wales Uovdrnment thai the proptsed Conference on tu* second cable question bhcuid be held in bydnov instead of at; Melbourne or Hobart Town a-, originally in-i tended. It would be inconvenient 10 hold it at V f ither of thore places, as the Pariutuent of New I South Wales will be sitting at ths »ame time, f; It is probable that South Australia will be repre- m. Eented by the Minister of Agriculture and #* Education and another member if tag Govern- m ment, possibly Sir Henry Ayer.s. Tne permanent % heads of the postal and telegraphic departments I have been invited to attend, aud Mr. Todd, : C.M.G., is likely to be present in his official capacity as Postmaster-General uud Superinten dent of Telegraphs in South Australia. Various postal matters, including mail cjinmunicfttion with England and, between the colonies, will ba referred to the Conference, which will probably be held early in February. PbOCLamation Day.— We are informed that Mr. W. tf. Wigley, Mayor of Gleuelg, applied to the Government for the use of a gun at Ulenelg, to fire a salute on the 28th inst. iu cominomora tion of the foundation of the coluu-, but the Go vernment declined acceding to tue roquert on the ground that they had fixed the 27cu instead of the 28th ior the 'observance of tbo holiday, and they could not therefore rccog-.i-o tae latter day. Oddkellowship.— At the meeting of the Albion Lodge, LO.O.F., M.U., on Wednesday evening, December 26, P.U. fc-. IS. Coopet was presented with an embiem in token of the appre ciation in which he is held by the orothers of the Lodge for the efficient manner iu which he has discharged the duties of N.G. and G.M. during the past six months. Cokcert.— The children attending the Model School, assisted by filua PJajford, Messrs. Plummer, Oelmann, and others, will give a concert this evening in the Town Hall in aid of. the Blind, Deaf, and Dumb Asylum, and of the Children's Hospital The great success of their former entertainment is a guarantee that the present will not be a failure. Mr. W. R. Pybus will preside at the piano. St. Pauls Schoolroom.— An entertainment was given in St. Paul's Schoolroom on Wednes day evening, December 20, by tho Kast Adelaide Musical Society. There was a moderate atten dance, and tbe programme, which consisted of EODge, choruses, and duets, was well carried out by lady and gentlemen member j of the Society. The most noticeable parts of tho outei tainmont were the singing of 'Bygone Days,' byMias Alice Toll, and ' Why do8ummerP.oiesFade,' by Miss Alice Dyke. Musical selections were rendered in good style by Misses Anthony, Schroder, Killick, and Dyke. The entertainment was under the direction of Mr. S. Dyke. The Echoohee Postboy.— At daylight on Wednesday morning, Decoaber 29, the liaceiver of Wrecks proceeded in the fitoauitug Sophia as near as could be judged to tbe spot where the tunken vessel lies. The Fairy wa3 cruising about in the same locality too, and keeping watch; but although a most duigont look- out was kept no Eign of the craft co Ad be dissovered, and it was almost determined to relinquish the search for a time. However, at extreme low tide one of the schooner's mastheads was de tcried just popping above the surface of the water. A kedge was then dropped from the steamer in expectation of being able to lift the craft, but she proved too heavy. The Fairy was therefore left in charge of the tpjt, and tha Sophia steamed back to the Port, where Cap tain Begif chartered a coupla of ketches. They will be towed down this morning, when it fa hoped, should the water bo Binooth enough, the. venture will prove successfuL The Qcabantike Hulk.— The Fitzjamea ie. slowly sending her convalescents on shore, and in. a short timo will have no patienta left on board.. On bringing this hulk into active service, every day proves her unsuitable for the purposes for which she was bought. Dr. Baily is of opinion that many changes must be made before she wilt bo equal to the emergency should any arise. The smell of rotten timber is a most objection able feature, and if a large number of passengers, had to ba put on board, the vessel would be found lamentably deficient in arrangements and accommodation. The outlet in tha berths and cabins is ?aid to to inferior to tho worst emigrant Bhips. If therefore auy refined well-brod inva lids are obliged to ba quartered in qoarintina the. incpnvcir'eccea of the hulk will be doubly manifest. Dr. Baily has sant ia an important report suggesting a number of improvements, and this will probably result in Boaiathing bain? done. Tho position chosen for tha ship is eligible enough, and daring tL*J tirao eho ha3 toen moored there, although vre h:i~'j hz.i aoas freih Lrsw.s, ah? has tevjr d'-'vad su inches. ABCUHT OBSEm OV FOBESTEBS —The Itatf Teairy meeting of the Adelaide District A.O. foresters' Friendly Society ma held in the Tora Ball BufldinRB on Monday, Dootmbsr 18. Thsra ?eie present the District Officers and 42de:e patea from various Courts. Tae Cjauaitsea having been duly opened, the b&knco-theota; for September and December quarters wera raid fcnd adopted, as also was tae Aadiors* leport P.D.C.B. Mullett was re-elected an Auditor. A fine of £1 la. ia flic ted on CoarC Fcrestere' Progress for not sending a delegate to the laat Distiict Meeting was rescinded. The following Courts askea permission of tae District Meeting to appoint hurgeona who hai { Lct passed the Medical Board of South Au*- | :r.tiia, viz., Millicent, to appoint Mr. tCobart?; lLiiuitry,Dr.TiocMke; Teatree Gaily, Dr. Wn. LsngEton; Higberccmbe, Dr. Wm. Laagstau; btar cf the South, Mr. J. Eaden. Leave was £ ranted in each instance. The nomination ot cheers for 1877-3 was as follows :-For D.C.SL, brother Percy; for D S.C.K., Brother HLelo; for DT., P.CB. Measday, P. UK. Kiog^ley, P.Cft. S:ap:eton,and P.U.K. Madge; for D.S., P.D.U.R. Winter and P.D.C.R. Mcllett. It was resolved —'That Courts not having seut dalgg-ttojco this meeting bo fined 21s. each.' Thd SiatricS Officers reported mat tlie Commutes appaiaied at the Jute ziieetiag to form a code of j w.-mia Iaw3 had heia several meeting*, and md sus cecded in framing a set of laws which easy trusted would met»t with the appronl of ctit* delegates. L'opiea of the lass bad oeen for- j w^rievl to the various Court* fur their oiui d-. r.tion. Various notices of mutton reiatzng to Eistiict Gift Fund, the alteraiio^ of p7t»en; IB.**, aLd introduction of new 1*wj were read and -t wa3 arranged that they thouid be dis t.u£:id as the Annual District Meeting nez Jam. The usual number of District rapcrt. were ordered to be printed and circulated. Other matters cf a routine character werj dis pcred of, and the meeting closed. EflZiAB. — Fcr several months past a Com mittee, consisting of about i!U ladies more or less, have been in tae babh of meeting -together evary Wednesday afternoon for the purpose of making preparations for a bazaar, the proceeds of whicti should be devoted to a fund for tne erection of a niani-e in connection witn the Flinders-street Bauiist Church. Thi3 bazaar was opened ia tb.3 Lecture-Hall en 'Wednesday afternoon, Decam ter VO, ai-d judging from tae Lvish disp.ay the Ladi&s;' Commhteu must have aisiduousiy occu pied n their beneficent work since the inaugura tion of their weakly meeting?. Their efforts, however, do not. appear to hare met with the f-iei-eas that hud been confidently anticipated by n.any, Vne attendance at the baz»ar on Wednes day being only moderate, thougo. this may ba attributable to the Eomewhat oporessive state of the ?weather, as the tlow of visitors «a* consider ably aujreuented ' after sundown. Tie usual ki.itki.acks were temptingly arrayed betora tho t/aze of the visitors, who appeared tj ba luity engaged in bartering for tnain with tie k f a r yLticiiiers who had chir^e of them. In aii.iitiun to the fancy goods, kz , thero were two CLrii E33 treea profusely bedeckud wita toys of cuitifsrious descriptions. He mu=t have been fastidious indeed, who was unable to meet in the bazaar with something to suit hLsta^te, for ainjtfcS every cencehaoie article from a ; etcy tin whi-Ua to a lady 'a dress wa3 eshibitci fcr saie. A pianoforte si:uat?d at ono end of the uall v&3 played upon at intervals durinj: the afternoon aai evening; whi-t a refreshment-sUlii, presided over by ile;i3mt3 J. Sauerbier and C. Everett, was literally patronized. Tnere were about; tine stalls in the rooms, in the charge of which tse following ladies took part : — Mtsiaaiei J. S. Scott, lUintegsni, Giandteld, Marshall, Cooper, Eoundy, Stephens, Stacey, and th-j Mis-td Li;cy, HE1, Fajers, Smith, and JlarshdlL The Chri£tmss-treea were taken charge of by the Missels F. Marshall, and F. Boundy. Is may be worth mentioning that the buiidkg of tha macse was comrsenced eonio three or four months ago, atd is expected to be completed at the end of March next or thereabout!. The bazaar wtll be concluded to-day (TnursJay), whtn no doubt the attendance will be more enct'iiragicg than yesterday. Tbbathb Royal. — The Fakir is certainly not fairly treated by the amusement-loving public Uis clever ectectainmeat reaily doserves to b» better patronised than it has been of kite; and although those who do attend are thoroughly satiilied by the programme presented, still their heartily manifested approbation— pleasant as ic may be — is but poor compensation for the beggarly array of empty boxer. On Wednesday evening the business was gone through by all the performers in a manner which lef c nothing to be desired. The Fakir's various mysteries were as cleanly and cleverly carried out as usuaL Madam? Silvester's charming vocalization in the recitative and tong, ' Scenes that are brightest,' and 'Oh, how delightful,' was, as it ever ie, a musical treat; whilst Mrs. Empson deservedly brought down the house for her arch manner and correct rendering of the sparkling 'Caller Herrin.' The ghosts walked with wonderful fidelity to life in the Christmas drametta— came like the shadows they were and so departed, to the evident mystification of the audience. Visitors to town during the holidays cannot do better than pay the Doctor a visit, with, the certainty that they will be thoroughly amused, and as thoroughly deceived by hu Ulusionary effects. There is another strong point in favour of this entertainment, which is that during the hot weather the play of the beautiful fairy fountain, which is put in motion for half an hoar before the performance begins, so cools the theatre that it is quite a pleasure to at therein at one's ease. Frr.E at Georgetown— Our correspondent, writing on December 19, Bays : — ' Our township was thrown into a Btate of fereat excitement by an alarm, of fire at about 2 o'clock on Monday, December 18, when it was discovered that a large haystack, the property of Mr. Canavan, was in flames, and as it was in close proximity to a valuable block of buildings great anxiety was felt as to their welfare, the more especially as there were wooden sheds between the stack and buildings. A large crowd soon congre* gated, s&d; many wiling hands were at work carrying water from the neighbouring wells and tanks, several of the latter of which were soon more or less nearly emptied of their precious con t-ct:; carts were abo at work carrying water from the neighbouring creek, reminding one forcibly of Adelaide fires before the days of the wr.tervorkE. It was soon teen that all attempts at saving any portion of the Stacks were utteny futile, so all efforts wero coacaatra.t6d upon saving the stable, 6torercom, and sheds a- j joining, and it was only by great exertion that the build ings adjoining were saved, the heat being so great at times aa to cause the woodwork of tha roof to ignite under the iron. Beyond some slight damage to the guttering and roof, the timbering of the stable, and tho destruction of a q-iantity cf good palicg fencing, no other damage was done. But had the fira once got f.^ir hold of the adjoining wooden shed a vast amount of very k valuabje property must hava been destroyed. P~ Fortunately too the wind was light. Had the firs broken out such a day as Friday last the I whole town would have been jeopardiz9-i. It I * s rumoured that that tho fire wa3 caused by I bo)B Bcokicg. It is pretty certain that she Cro I was alight some time before ii readied the stack, I which was closely fenced with. 6-feas palings I seme distance. An inquest will be hold to I morrow.' I Domestic Industry. — In connection with the I proposed establishment of cooking classes in I Adelaide, we may quote the following offer niida I recently by the Hon. J. Me M. Shafter, a Cali I fcrcian resident, in connection with a local I Agricultual Society :— ' I will givo, at the next I fair, for the best five pounds of wheat bread, the I best five pounds of rje and corn bread, tha I best ten pounds of sponge cake, the b2s: tan I pounds cf fruit cake, and the best ten pounds of I pound cake, a piece of plate costing not less I than §75, and in my discretion, §25 additional I as second and third prizes; satisfactory evidence I to be furnished under direction of the Ass- I d&tion; that tiia bread and cake aw the product* I , of the skill and labour of aay lady not 07er 20 I ' years of ogc, and that the baking has besa done I in a ccmnacn &tove; or oven in ordinary use ia a I family.' I5QCE3T.— An inquest was held at tin E iia i burgh Hotel, Mitcham, on Wednesday, Daeeai ? fcer 20, en the bedy of Adclph Sisgmuai, who -sa3 killed through the upsetting of his driy, j loaded with manure, on the Brosrnhill Cr^jk road on the previous evening. A verdict taat cc-ce&Eea;'s death was tl accidentally cv.ise-1 by tha upsetting of a dray on tha Brorrahili Ciejic :ad' was returned. ScPHEMB COCST.— At yesterday's Civil Sittings :f tie Supreme Court the suit of Spargo v. the District Council cf Willuo^a was completed. He Jury found & verdict for the plaintiff, with £5 damages. Bis Honor certified that the case ivBS a fit one for a Jury, and directed a verdict Tor the defendant on the second plea to the third count, and discharged the Jury from a rerdict oa the two other pleas to the count, lie tuit of Ryan and Others v. Murphy was an action on a writ of ejectment, the property in qnettion being Section 459, in the Hundred of Belvidcre. Defendant claimed to be the par chaser in possession, under an agreement with the late owner, the Kev. Father Rjau, whereb} he was to become owner of the property on pay ment of £2 an acre. TLe J ury agreed with the view cf the plo in tiffs, that the defendant stood in the position of a tenant, and found a verdict accordingly. In the course of the hearing of the second suit Wm. O'Hara, the Clerk of the Local Court of Kapunda, one of tha witnesses who had been Eubp ocnaed at the instanoe of the plaintiff?, absented himself from the Court, and at the request of plaintiffs' counsel His Honor ordered tho witne-s to be called. No response wes given, and Bis Honor said that unless some eatii.'aotory explanation wera given he for him Eelf would be inclined to deal with, the matter ia a. Ecmrxary manner. The Full Court will sit on Friday. £ffects op the Heat on 'Sobke's Penissula. — As an instance of the intense heat during tne pe»t week, we ( Wallaroo Times) notice that between Fenang and Katiina nearly all the trees are thoroughly burnt up by the sun, and nothing but dry branches remain. SSACGISG OS THE GOULBTJBN BlYK. — The Huy Standard of December 8 says : — ?? Snagging operations have been commenced on the Goul bourn River, and next season will probably see the inauguration of a large trade in exports of prcdnce from that district.' Tee OrEKUiG of the Railway uf the South east. — ' It was intended, ' says the Narracoorte Htrald, ' to havo formally opened the Kingston and Narracoorte Railway in the first week in January, but we understand it will b9 later in that montb, or early in February. However, tbe time has not been definitely fixed upon yet. It is very likely Governor Caina will perform tho ceremony; and if po it cannot be opened before the beginning of February.' Weather at Waixaboo.— 'A few tanta lizingly flight showers of rain,' says the Wallaroo lima, 'fell here last night, which, however, have not done much good beyond slightly moistening the parched earth, VVhen the tky first became overcast with clouds it was hoped that heavy rain would enene, but unfor tunately these hopes were not realized. We do not know what will happen unless rain falls plentifully Econ.' Otebckowded Habitations.— The Kapvnda Herald publishes the foilovnnp sensible remarks on the subj-ict of overcrowding habitations : — ' The town papers some months back drew at tention to a gross cat© r-f overcrowding at North Adelaide, and more recently wo havo had on several occasions to refer to similar breaches of tbe eanit8ry laws and outrages on decency in» voluntarily committed by new arrival in Kapucda, where household accommoiation of auy kind is not to be had. Within tho past few a..-j s a still more gross case has been brought utder our notice, which strengthens oar pre vious ezpref sioii9 of opinion that the Govarnment ougbt to provide some sort of decent accommoda tion for the families of those who are working on the railway line, and whom their agents have induced to como to this colony. In Mildred Etreet, just above Dr. Blood'a, is a small gal vanized iron wheat-store, in wh;ch there are no windows, no facilities for cooking, no water supply, and no outdoor accommodation. In t: ; up to a day or two back no less than three families have been living, they not being able to obtain any better sheltur. In addition to the six adulte there were nine children, ono of the latter of whom has been very ill for some time pa&t;, the only wonder being: not that ehe was ill, but that any of the inmates of such an habitation were welL And hi addition we hear that one of the mothers was in a condition requiring the en. joj ment cf all the comforts and conveniences of civiiized life rather than putting up with the dif comforts which must have attached to such overcrowding in bo unsuitable a dwelling— inoon. veiiencee some of which we cannot even allude to, much less mention, but which will readily suggest themselves to those of our readers who are m the enjoyment of dwellings that secure possession of the comforts and decencies of the domestic life. We imagine that few of our readers will have thus early forgotten the intense hei»t which prevailed lest week, and in remem* brance of it let them strive to picture the condi tion of 15 persons— one a sick child — living in a srxall galvanized iron building. Not very many peisonsknewof their condition; but of those who did we are informed that Messrs. Trenerry, Trtv&ski;?, and Thiem did all they could to supply the want* of the new arrivals, whilst Dr. Blood was mest unremitting in his attentions to the sick child, and for tbe kindness shown by all these gentlemen tho families express themselves very grateful. They have now sucoeeded ia obtaining Eome better accommodation.' It ehculd be mentioned that tho Government are providing tents for the accommodation of work men on tne railway lines, and that it has been announced they intsnd following up tho pracucd in connection with all the undertakings. How to Dkt Flowebs with Sand.— The Floral Cabaut says :— 'There are many brilliant Hewers— such as dahlias, pansies, pinks, gera niums, sweet Williams, carnations, gladiolus — which may be preserved so as to retain their colour for years. White flowers will not answer for this purpose, nor any eucculent plant, a3 hyacinths or cactus. Take deep dishes, or those of sufficient depth to allow the flowers to be covered an inch deep with sand. Get the common white sand, such a* is u=ed for scouring purpose?, cover the bottom of the dish with a lavtr half an inch deep, and then lay in the flowers, with their stems downward^ holding them firmly in place while you eprinkle more sand over them, until all tbe places between the petals are filled and the flowera buried out of sight. A broad dish will accommodate quite a large number. Allow tufficient sand between. Set the dish in a dry, warm placet wher6 they will dry gradually, and at the end of a week porr off the sand and examine them. If there is cny moisture in the sac d it must be dried out bef ere using again, or fresh sand may be poured over them tb.3 same as before.' As Inch of Rain.— Few people, says the Pacific Rural Press, can form a definite idea of what is involved in the expression — an inch of rair. It may aid such to follow this calculation: —An acre is equal to 6.272,640 square inches; an inch deep of water on tnis area will bo as maty cubic inches of wr.ter, which at 277-274 to the gallon is 22,622-5 gallons. This quantity weighs 226.225 pounds, or 100 93 ton3. One one-hundredth of an inch of nan is equal to one ton per acre. Vital Statistics.— The number of births and deaths registered in the General Register Office during the week ended Saturday, December 16, \bl6, were:— Births— Males, 60; females, 65. Deatbs— Males, 47; females, 3?. Total— Births, 125; deaths, 86. Excess of births, 89. Tha DLtrict of Adelaide. — Birth — Male3, 23; feaales, 22. Daiths— Males, 25; fomale?, 21. To^al— Births, 48; deaths, 46. Excess of births, 2. ?? At Eohe' and 'Abboad.'— 'It 13 doubt- less desirable,' observes the Pall Mall Gazelle, ' that wa pfconld spread, the healing influence of the softer human feelings over the widest possible area, and the present ' tidal wave' of the enthuciism of humanity that is surging throughout England will, we all mu3t hope, bear blessings to distant lands and strange populations. At the same time some iittia domestic inconvenience may ba the tempo rary retult of this philauthropio crusade. The high-minded British elector, be h.9 work man or shopkeeper, has no great store of kiEdlinee3 and me-cifulness either for homa or foreign consumption, and whan ha hi?s used \ip bis stock at an anti-Turkish demonstration it is cv.t of ail reascn 10 suppose that he should bs iiicdly and merciful in hU owa household. Tae atLcr o'ay, according to a provincial journal, Jcln Cawdron, a publican, after seconding, a: .1 neeuEg held at Norwich, a resolution ex i'-rtising torrcr at the atrosit:33 committed by .La- Tints ia Bulgaria, wens home aui knocked his -sifa about- with a elock-weirc; ?? till s&9 ^i? -?ovurod with Iruiies from heat! to foot. R? ?*-jj- c-Gtenced to sis mouths' iajpriicamcit by ;ie ila6utraits.' 