wit. HUNTER'S LECTURE. ' ' HOME, SWEET HOME." On Wednesday evening there was a good attendance at the Town Hall, to hear one of those popular lectures for which the Rev, R. M. Hunter has obtained considerable local celebrity, the subject on this oocasion being a companion one to that of "Young Men and Women," bo ably dealt with by tbe lecturer a short time ago. The chnrch choir occupied the platform, with Miss Keeping presiding at the harmonium, and at enitable intervals the lecture was illustrated hy ap propriate music. After " Home, Sweet Home " had ban sung, The lecturer commenced by stating that there was no sweeter or more touching ballad perhaps, in any language than that from which the motto for the lecture was taken. When hard for the first time, it awakened emotions never to be forgotteD, and its swat music was never tiring. Not that the poetry was the most perfect, or that there was no better music to be fonnd, bnt because the poetry and music in that one word " home " covered all defects, and gave to the simple ballad an excellence that was above alk Tbe yonthfnl, alike with the aged, the stern rugged man a well a hie sensitive tender hearted wife, were equally affected, and if there were any who felt but little of the power of the word " home," or eaw but little beauty in the simple song, what miserable souls they must be 1 Mr. Hnnter here related an anecdote from the note-book of a medial man in charge of a Highland regiment on foreign service, who, when making his usual inspection of the barracks, fonnd a piper playing "Lochaber no more." The doctor noticed the dap emotion with which tbe assembled soldiers were listening to the strain, some leaning against tbe wall, others lying along the ground, a few in tears, and one sobbing aloud with his face hid in hie hands. It immediately occurred to the doctor that it was the music which had occasioned tbe illness ' prevailing amongst the soldiers, by exciting painful recollections of their native land, and he soon got rid of this "home sickness " by inducing tbe. piper to play nothing bnt his merriest tunes thereafter. Speaking of the influences of home, the lecturer referred to the fact that a child reared in a "swat" and happy home would form habits" of order, self-control, self-denial, frugality, industry, sobriety, and piety, which habits he would never wholly cut aside, but would some day employ in the establishment of a similar home, whilst the reverse of tiie nictnre was something frichtful to contem- plate. There was a class of _ people who though they aw some beauty in tbe word "home" and had some love for the thing, yet were only able to appreciate it by con trast, si they knew nothing of it from ex perience. These people had never had a hi me, or else had one unworthy of the name a filthy home perhaps, a home where in temperance prevailed, or one where peace was a strancer, and discord a constant gnat. Such as these demand our pity, for they have missed one of the eweetat, purest pleasures upou earth— a happy home. What a mighty liower dwelt in that little word "home" 1 The bov at school when tempted to do wrong finds strength to resist, in tbe reflection " What will they say at home ? The wandering prodigal looks back with longing eves to his childhood's borne. Whisper it in the ear of the poor toiler whore strength is low and spirits drooping, and yon give new energy to his wearied sonk "Homeward Bound ! " Sbont it across the water® when the waves roll high, when the wind roars, when the rain pouts, and the night is dark, cud you warm the sailor'6 hart and fill him with sweet bright thoughts that char the gloom and Telieve the loneliness of his watch. " For home and country ! " Ring it out upon the battle-field above the cannon's roar and the rifle's crack, where tree men stand to repel the invader, and yet though small their number and many their foes, yon give each man the courage of s lion, yon nerve each arm with tenfold energy, and fill each breast with the terrible determination to conquer or to die. " You're going borne 1 " Speak it low in tbe baring of the dying eaint, and though pain may be shooting through his heart, though leagured devile may strive to bar tbe way, though the remembrance of many failings may crowd thick and fast upon the soul, the thought that life's rugged journey lies all behind, and eternal rat awaits him in a heavenly home, brings forgetfuinas of the present and the past, and a strength that trinmphs over alk (Song by Mr. John Keeping, "Down by the Dap Sad Sea.") The lecturer next proceeded to state the im portance of having "sweet" homes, and noted as something more than a coincidence, that married men invariably recovered more rapidly than bachelors, from the Bbocks of adversity— the reason being that they were able to renew their strength, to find a shelter from the storm, and the motive for fresh effort in that one little spot of earth — home. The influence of home upon individual and national character waa next dwelt npon. Rome was once the most warlike nation in tbe world, and this was traceable to the counsel of the Roman matrons. Said one mother to her son when buckling on hiB armor, " Come back with this shield or on it," mating that he was to return from tbe war with honour, or to be borne back on his shield dead. Said another matron to ner son, when he complained that hie frther's sword was too short to fight with, "put a step to it my son." The power and wealth of England were dne to the habits of self- control taoght in English homes, and how much more important was it in a yonng country like Australia to encourage suitable homes 1 Passing on to consider the requisites of a sweet home, the lecturer said it waa not at all necessary to have a large building, waltb, or luxury. " Rose Cottage" with its suug rooms and its neat flower-pots might be quite aa much a true home aa "Alberta Villa," with its lofty chambers and extensive grounds. To have tbehome feeling in perfection, the home should be one's own, which in tbae days of building societies was no very diffi- colt King to manage. It was really wonder ful what improvement could be effected with a hammer and a few nails, a pot of paint, or a spade and rake, especially when they got intu the right hands. The laws of lialth must' be" attended to, by building the house in a healthy aitnation, with proper drainage, for unless this was attended to, the occupant would see a ghost every time be went near his looking-glass, besides being constantly troubled with illness and perhaps death in tbe family. Peeping inside the home, the lecturer referred to the essential qualities of a swat home. To preserve peace was the first requisite, and to this end, it was neces sary to r-ultivate the acquaintance of the two bears — bar and forbear. Perfection in all respats was not to be found in man or woman, but angry quarrels .were the burial of lovely peace. Some humorous examples were hero given of the trivial causes which Eometimaled to breaking np domestic peace, for instance, when a yonng married couple saw a mouse rim acroBS the room, and tbe dispute became warmer and warmer, as to whether it came from under the sofa or from - nnder the lender, until tbe yonng wife ran : away to her mother in tars, and a reconcilia tion was with difficulty effected. (Song by the choir, "Angry Words.") Sobriety was another requirement of a happy home, and here the lecturer drew, .a vivid sketch .of the drunkard's home — -of lia-ill-lised wife, pale . with fright, the-children biding out of tbe way, ciothed in rags, land -without food or fire. True affection with : its kfodlyTookB, gentle words, And loving -conhBefo,' -was es sential. and rformed .the sunshine of home. (Song by Mr. John Keeping, " Maggie by my Sue." Mutual confidence, good manage ment, cleanliness, economy/ amusement, and finally piety, (rere-allotedaa assisting to xn&ke; op a happy home, and each qualifies- j taon -was illustrated -with anecdotes toy the lecturer. In the-tnatter "of domeriiJWnage- nient tbe speaker/was particularly amnsing, his hits -concerning . washing day, the visits of tbdoeamitrras, dresB, cookery, tc-i being highly appreciated, 'eeperially by tire, female members of the audience. ; The proper man agement of tbe children in the home, so as to prevent their beooming troublesome, wis descanted npon, -and it was facetioudy re marked that in eorne honsa the hnsband'e definition of "'the 'family circle" was walk ing round and round the room at might with the baby. Some humorous lina were quoted . illustrative of the - discomforts -of s - home whdre tie domestic virtues were carried to exceBB, bnt we can find space only for a versebr twio s— . ' Tt is just as you say neighbour Green, ' AJxeaaureindeaismy wife, . -'Such another for buetle and work" ' " I never have fonnd in my life. But then she keeps everyone else As Jbhsy.as birds on tbe wing, 5? here IS nerer a moment for rest, . ." JEbe Is' such a fidgerfy fling. I -,v -, How she made the bat brad in -the town, kept ill -the. doorhandles ' bright, knitted, washed, and cooked to perfection,- bukapollt , the -effect of all "by continuaUy octnpljtinrng.of the rate and worry «he brought ujtph herself, fretting at every speck of dost, and ser monising upon tire untidy habits of others, until the husband stayed out of doors as much as possible, and ultimately wished " to lay up his treasure in haven" — there par ticulars were well told in the succeeding verses. Finally, the lecturer reminded his hearers that the happiest home on earth must soon be broken up, and that it was the duty of all to prepare for entrance to tbe eternal home, where sin and sorrow could never come. (Song by the choir, "My Home is There.") At the conclusion of the lecture, a vote of thanks to the rev, gentleman was pfywwd by acclamation, in acknowledging which, Mr, Hnnter took occasion to mention that at the end of the month he would lave the district for another field of labour, but would deliver a lecture on the " Scotch Covenanters " be fore bis departure. 