REMINISCENCES OF Ancient Melbourne. (BY MOOWHIP.) " Come my crony, let's think upon far away dajs, And lift up a littlo Oblivion's voil ; Lot's consider tho past with a lingering gaze, Like a poscook whoso oyes are inclined to his lath ... . — Hoop. No. VII. SAUNTERING THROUGH THE SUBURBS. The two 'first Govermcnt salea of Mel bourno allotments gave cohesion to our very early, and small community, and the nucleus of a rising township being created, the New South Wales government soon turned its at tention to a mode .of replenishing the cof fers of the public revenue, which to this day has not been lost sight of by coloninl politi cians when hard up to" reduce a deficit i.e. — . Lind sales ; and we therefore find that tho first sale of suburban lands came off in Syd. ney in the beginning of 1838. The suburb thus operated upon was, what may be now- termed Fitzroy, and it was submitted to com petition in blocks of about twenty five acres each— evidently intended as a convenient place for the private residences of ' such of the Townspeople ns might be able to live privately. Tho Sale taking place so far away, the Melbourn- ians were to a great extent shut out of tho market, and the consequence was that the purchasers were, with few exceptions, New South Welshmen. The sale averaged about &1 per acre and a remarkable instance of a great bargain (if kept until to-day) is the North East corner of Nicholson St, and Vic toria Parade — twenty-five acres of which were knocked down to Hughes and Hoskins, a Sydney mercantile firm, for £6 10s per acre. Fancy what a nugget could be now made out of these twenty five acres at so much per foot. The Sydney men very soon commenced to turn over the ponnies, and in their an xiety to realize, the acred allotments were very soon cut up piece-meal, and sold and fanned and rented in every possible manner, for the putting up of tenements of every conceivable kind, from the two storied brick to the shaky weatherboard, from the wattle and dab to the bark hut, or eauvas, I | sometimes old blanket- covered tent. The I villa notion vanished, and with some excep tions the snpplementary settlement presented to the spectator one of | tho queerest conglomerations : of , habi- , tations for man or beast that could bo well imagined. It was called Newtown,, -and its early limits of location comprised thd square ' from Nicholson to Smith from the Parade Moor Street. Newtown very soon was obang. I ed to Collingwood and so remained until the ! settlement began to advance down into the I flat, when the original quarter was constitn- i ted a municipal ward of Melbourne, and : dubbed Fitzroy, after Sir Charles Fitzroy, a governor of New South Wales. There' were ' then very few streets named — except"Bruns- 1 wick, George, Napier and Gore streets— the two latter after land purchasers of that name, | and Gertrude street was called after the 1 daughter of another — a captain, whose name I forget. When the time came for proclaim, ing the streets, the magnates of the Mel. bourne corporation had a grand opportunity of gaining a nominal, though very empty, immortality by giving the streets their own j names — and it is a singular fact that we find no less than six of the old' mayors placated by themselves in ! this way, viz., Condell, Moor, Palmer, Hodg son, Greeves, and Smith. Rcily and John- Bton streets were called after two aldermen of that name, and Bell street after one of the first of the Fitzroy councillors, a veryefficient and painstaking gentleman — Mr Benjamin Bell, who still lives, and grows fat, in Napier street. A private property owner of very Orange proclivities, took an early opportu nity of dedicating two adjoining streets — one to King.William, and the other to his beloved Hanover, and a very distinguished and respectable citizen now in England — Wil liam Westgarth— is perpetuated in another. Brunswick street at an early date blossomed forth into a kind of quasi -aristocracy, for it .contained a few neat cottages, which were tenanted by some of tho then elite The house now ornamented with the shining professional brass of that native innocent j "John Edwards the Younger," who every i time I see him isstill" younger," was there- ; sidence of Major St. John, one of our first police magistrates, of whom Btrauge stories used to be teld. I hppe they were " stories," though the maimer in which ' the ' Major "mizzled" Borne years after, lent but too much confirmation to them; and he died about ten yenrs ago at tbat refugUim. peccatorum, Boulogne j yet, with all his faults, such was the soft nature of the Mel- bournians, that not a few lamented tho Major on his exeat. Mr Justice Williams, when he started in professional life, amongst us, set up in a cottage, still standing, nearly opposite the domicile of " the younger," and this is the spot rendered illustrious by the confession made in Mr Hartley William's maiden electioneering speech at St. Kilda, that Fitzroy can unquestionably claim the high honor of being his birth-place. The late Mr J. D. Pinnock was also one of the fashionable swells referred to. He had ar rived from Sydney with the appointment of Deputy-Registrar of our Supteme Court, an office held by him until Port Phillip was separated. Near the corner of Nicholson and Palmer-streets (then unnamed), two remark able etouo twin-houses — ono the very fac simile of the other — were erected for Messrs Watson and Wight, and for several yenrs were occupied by them, but on the arrival of the first sisterhood of nuns from Ireland, this place was eonsidercd a suitable spot for tho founding of a nunnery. The twins were purchased, passed nlong to other guardians, and, after various processes of extension, alteration, and improvement, are almost un recognisable in the csmfortable, wall looking, well-ordered Convent of Mercy of to day. It would be unpardonnble for me to pass by without a word, the oldest two- storied house in Fitzroy — I mean the weird and weedy looking one at the corner of Vic toria and Fitzroy streets. This is about'tbe oldest brick and mortar land mark in tho place. It is an old friend of mine, though it has put on a couple of new faces since we first met each other, lhave ;passcd it hun dreds of times in every season, and I always considered it a remarkable house. It was built as a private residence for Arthur Kemmis, one ot our first merchants, who did not long Burvive his installation. The next comer wns a keen, quiet, canny little Scotch man — Alastair M-Kenzie, ' who, standing well with Downing street, arrived in the co lony with the appointment of sheriff in his pocket, was subsequently nominated trea surer by the colonial office, and died after enjoying his higher billet and its emoluments for two or three years. I next knew it as the min-mia of pleaBaut-looking, pleaBant-na- tured Jemmy Stewart, of the firm of Brown and Stewart, wine merchants, Elizabeth street, who was very much liked by the old colonists, and was tho best judge of a glass of whisky in Port Phillip; but "Jamie" would just as Boon give ns take a nip. He found his way into tho Legislative Council, and represented the eastern province for n few years j but never mado much of a stirin public life, if I exceptthestunning trade lie used to do with the Melbourne pubs, for tho houBe of Brown and Stewarts was a taking ono. He died at a comparatively early ago, both respected and regretted. It was at one time rumored'thnt this house had a special ghost attached to it, and that tlie usual mysterious indications of tha unearthly visitant were not wanting, If there were any truth in this, his ghostsliip was effcotu- ally laid when the tenement passed to the possession of the brilliant and accomplished I awyer and politician,' Mr Micljie (our Agent- General). Probably it was hearing of this that induced Mr Michie several yoars ago, to deliver one of bis' eminently elcw.r lectures on Ghosts, at the Mechanic0 institution, and possibly it wns the preparation of the lecture that caused the ghost to skedaddle. If the ghost has given up his reputed quarters, he has left plenty of lively and exuberant spirits behind, iu the buoyant herd of juven iles who attend tho academy of Mr Postle, for the place is now devoted to the education of the rising generation. It would be diffi cult to imagine n more irregular network of lanes and bye-ways (they were not thorough fares) than obtained in these rimes. All about and along Moor street, from Nicholson to Smith streets, itwasone bewildering way- mazewhich bullied all power of nlignment until aclue was found in a £10,000 endowment of a Fitzroy Wnrd Improvement Fund, and this was the Sesame by which the streets were finally opened. Sir John O'Shnnassy then f3 u '10I,0.t sflG soon again), a member of the Legislative Assembly was a poworfnl means of affecting this, and such a good turn should never- be forgotten, but it was very soon, for the definition of the Plebs' grati tude is a recollection of favors to como. J? s Btreet was quite n one- sided affair, and a very queer, ragged-regi ment kind of affair too. All down the fiat was a morass \vlicre one would hardly think human habitats would ever spring up. There was an excuse for a house of some kind or other thrown up here and there, and " though few and far between," they were anythingbnt angel's visits," A change began but slowly, t ,o c®ec'd, until the golden revelations of chnnged everything. One quaint- looking two-storied house, nearly opposite the Birmingham Hotel was the "den" of John Paseso Fawkner, and from the balcony in front the old lion might be seen ko-tooing to his friends, and grinuing at his foes as they passed by — and it was " Johnny's" lot to have friends and foes in abundance. Here the " oldest inhabitant" died, and I think it is -now turned into a toy- emporium. Mac's Hotel, nearly opposite Webb-street, wns another very remnrkable house, and cannot well be passed over in any historical reference to Smith street. It was put up by a Scotchman, but from what ilk this special Mac hailed I cannot now say. Though the Mac has passed away, the hotel remains, and if its unwritten memoirs could be compiled, many strange yarns could be twisted out of them. It was the great focus of many of the agitations by which the Collingwoodites used to be convulsed. It was the head quarters of Stumpcrdom, for there was an open space in front, nnd an open space in rear, whero the so-called great mass meetings used to be held — and stump ing exhibited in its perfection. Those gather ings used to eclipse the Eastern market ones, for this was the grand training ground of the agitators; and it was quite a treat to hear the Dons, the M'MinnB, the Murphys, the Osbornes, the Mirams, and the Scotch- meres of the age exercising themselves. A roaring trade in rum and two ales used to be driven in the hotel bar, where the "calls" were incessoHt on a stump night. Times however, have changed, and there has been a change of venue in the meetings in conse quence of the Btonewallers and bricklayers having eradicated the stupps, and Mao's Hotel has now forits landlord a very good sort of boy from the Emerald Isle, who mangesa to make both ends meet nicely, without the aid of the _ monster meetings. This worthy boniface is a Paddy— and of the greenest water, because he is absalutaly a " Paddy from Cork"— and can boast of coming from tbo self same town — Newmarket — that gave the renowned patriot and orator, Curran, to the world. There is a further curious coinci dence, that judging by the published por traits of Curran,; in stature, physique, and appearance there is a marked similarity in each little man, but here I am bound to say the comparison ends. By all accounts there is no worthier man at " the bar" than my friend in Smith street, and he has few more sincere well wishers than the writer. Let us row metaphorically, with his permission, ascend to the root of Mao's Hotel, and look round nnd behold some of surroundings of old Melbourne, and noto some of the changes they have passed throngh. All the fiat has un dergone a transformation at the bands of the builder, and active enterprise and thriving industry go together wherever you look. Glance along the sinuous Yarra's verge from bridge to bridge, and you behold fac tories and breweries, nnd spacious hotels, and miles of streets; big and little, built upon and curbed and macadamised, where a few years ago mobs of blackB, and flocks of sheep and the herdsmen and their cattle nsed to roam about, enjoying themselves aB best they might, There is Studley Park, looking well enough to-day, but it was infini tely grander in the primitive times, when it was the wild bush, and free from the im proving touches of civilisation. History tells us the Yarra Falls in Melbourne, the original crossing place for stock, wa9 dangerous, and once npon a time, twenty-six head were drowned there ; and great was the joy of Gardiner when he found the falls near Stud- ley Park much safer for his sheep and bul locks, Mr Dight had a large paddock here, and Dight'ff Mill was soon an established fact, but when poor Tom Kenny, of the firm of SandB and Kepny, tried his luck there at the manufacture of paper, it proved rather luckless for him, but possibly bis regretted and premature death interfered with what might have otherwise been a success. These falls were a favorite haunt of the abo rigines, and a great fishing station for the early citizenB, for herring was taken in large numbers at certain periods of the year. The laying of the foun dation stone of the Johnston Btreet bridge vyas quite an'event in East Collingwood many years ago, and I remember It well, and as the day was fine tfiere wns an immense gather ing,- and after the performance of the usual ceremonies, a sumptuous spread was served out at the residence of Mr Orr in the neighbourhood." There was a grand pro cession too, nnd Major Hodgson at the head of the volunteers, nud Mr J, J Moody, who wielded great civic authority over the civi lian element, were worth looking at. The vicinity of the bridge ia now pretty consider ably changed — some of it for the worse and s'me very much for the better. In the bend of the river to the south were tho grounds nnd villa of St Heliers, the residence of Mr Edward Cnrr, ono of the ablest and best known, though not most popular men of his day. I should deal with him more largely, but I havo placed him en my reserve list for the time when I may perhaps treat of our early politicians. St. Heliers in course of time disappeared, and a worthier substitute occupies its place in the convent of tho nuns of tho Good Shepherd and " the tinkling of the silver bell, or the Sisters holy hymn." The District of Fitzroy oum-Collingwood may well be proud of the fact of having the two chief conventB in tho colony within its boundaries— each placed like a holy sentinel on the Eastern and Western frontiers. I nm well aware that a nunnery was quite a beU noit to well-meaning, mis taken Johnny Fawkner, and others equally bigoted but not so honest ; but there can be no doubt that, putting the Roman Catho lics aside, n very fixed conviction exists in the minds of tho more enlightened of the other religious persuasions, that the convents of tliis colony are doing incalculable good; and ns for the GooJ Shepherds, they have won the golden opinions of all. Hero it may be truly Baid there are angels nnd fallen angels, nnd the labors of the sisterhood in winning from a life of ehnme tho mnny poor unfortunates who come under their benign influence are werthy of all praise. There is another institution of a kindred nature in Carlton— tho Refuge— aud these are the only two, I believe, in the eity; but they are not supported by either public or Government, ns they ought to be. No amount of pecuniary encouragement is too great to bestow upon an efficiently managed Magdalen Asylnm, and no amount of human sympathy too large to be accorded to it. But, I am beginning to sermonize when I ought to gossip. It is very amusing how some of the East Collingwood streets have been named, I nm fond of harping on Btreet nomenclature, because I think I see in it an indication of. tho public taste or feeling of the time, Smith street, ns I have said, was cnlled after the onee potent Whittingtou — John Thomas — and then we have such names ns Snekville, Re gent, Oxford, and Cambridge, which, wiien compared with their namesakes in British capitals, are most iaugh-provoking. We have Easy street after a long " onBy" going auctioneer of that name ; Perry street, but whether after a bishop or another auctioneer, I cannot say. We have Peel and Derby and Stnnlcy streets appropriate enough — and the great Duke of YVe lington is honored with a veryjlong Btreet, 'which if not "ironed" la nlwflva fnl nrn hi a wnll mnf.f.lnrl Knt i»!fU execrably bad taste, wo have a narrow, lnusy, miserable looking lane, called Napoleon street, I suppose intended to convey a relative csti- mate of the military capacity of both heroes, Grim Oliver Cromwell nnd the gay and dnsh- ing Prince Rupert are shunted off into an out-of-the-way and not very salubrious locality. In another placo we have a street called " Gold" where things certainly do not look very golden, and there . is a Ballnrat street, which is evidently a nominal relic of the auriferous era — when no people were morebbten by the gold mania than in East Collingwood, Inriinningth rough the highways and bye-waysof this once insignificant, though now crowded and important suburb, I have como to the end of my tether aud must con clude with "sufficient for the day," &c.; POSTScnipr. In my last paper I stated that " Mr Robert Hoddlc was the first Crown Land Commis sioner and Surveyor-General of Port Phil lip," and this statement has been traversed ia a communieation I have received from a quarter entitled to the mo9t respectful con sideration. The writer says : " That honor belongs to Mr Robert Russell. Messrs F. R. D'Arcy and and YV, ,W. Darke arrived here from Sydney with Mr Russell, in October, .1830, with instructions to proceed with the survey of Port Phillip and made the first land surveys in this part of the colony: The soundings of the harbor nnd river hav ing been taken in 1804. At the period of their arrival Mr Russell held the appointment of Commissioner of Crown Lands and Surveyor in charge." Asthe8C "Reminiscences" are mainly written from memory, I do not pretend to give chapter and verse for everything I jot down, but it so happens thit in the statement above corrected, I spoke by the book, Mr Bon- wick, in his history of the Discovery and Settlement of Port Philip, a work to whioh he brought much experience, industry, and local inquiry, thus "writes:—" On May 7th, 1837, Robert Hoddlo, Esq., was appointed Crown Lands commissioner. He was our first Surveyor-General, and our first Go vernment land auctioner." In another page he narrates: — ' On October 1st, 1836, the Rattle-Snake, Captain Hobson, rode into the harbor, bearing our first' legal functionary and organ of the Govern- ment, Captain Lonsdale. Ho was accompanied by Lieutenant King and 30 mi litary, Mr Hooson, tho constable, with some convicts as laborers, Mr Webb as Custom House officer; and a surveying staff of Messrs Suasci, Darke, a nd D'Arcy." The italics are my own, and in justice to myself I have deemed it only right to print the extracts aloHg with the correction which I most wil lingly make. My own recollections of Mr Rus- sel are that he waB attached to the official survey staff of yore — that ho retired into pri vate practice, and that all who knew him gave him credit for being skilful and con scientious, upright and honorable. In con clusion I may remark that as occasional inaccuracies are inevitable in contributions of this kind, I shall be most ready and wil ling to make amende for any mistake which may, certainly unintentionally, occur. 