ITEMS OF NEWS. Mr Abbott, of Sandhurst, candidate/for tho; liorth-Western Province, hasannouneed that ho' will address the electors at the Theatre on Friday/ night.'- i ' / ' : Commanding-oiBcer's parade of the Rifle Corps1 will.be held this evening, at 7.30 ; when, should the weatlier prove fine, the corps will march out./ Mr Taylor, who has corno to ,act in place of Mr Heron, police magistrate, presided oh the bench yesterday, in the Police Court. , Richardson, the lunatic, who escaped from- the Hospital.-on Monday night, was captured at Monk's on the Newstead-road the same evening, and brought back. s-«y-any-tin consfdcred trifles in the neighbourhood of Wes-; loy Hill, some people thoro have. lost consider ably lately pots, pans, kottles, or. axes— all dis appear so soon as they are left outside. An old man named John Baxter, who was ad-/ mitted to the Hospital on July 24th, suffering from debility and exposure, succumbed yester-/ day morniug, notwithstanding every care." Tho1 poor fellow was G2 years of age. The nomination of .candidate's for the North western Province took place yesterday, — the tliree.names being posted outside the returning : officer's door. None of tho candidates were pre"-1 sent. Dr Beaney lias since withdrawn his norni- nation-paper, and .thus sarod himself consider able anxiety. . ' / Some man, a description of- whom' lias been/ given, has commenced the practice of stopping and insulting lone females who may happen to be in Barker-Rtruot north after sundown. He was seen ou Saturday evening, but, managed to : elude Ilia observers. Should,, howovor, he be caught in/ the act the situation ' will be made rather warm for. liim. . The Shire Council of Newstead have sucbeedod in having a messenger appointed for -the post and telegraph office, the residents of Newstead being thereby benefitted to a vory considerable extent. " Those residing outside, however, have already commenced to grumble,', especially if tlie office is not open in midday or a-tolegrain is re ceived too late for/ delivery at night. - The lato mail contractor offered the Council to provide a messenger free of all expense if his contract was not cancelled. The offer was considered in committee. ' ' -" ' j Yesterday a man named Grosse, who resides somewhere on the banks of Barker's Creek, called at the Hospital, and made a great com- plaint against somebody of poisoning his milk, of stealing things from his tent during his ab- sence, and numerous other kindred matters. He had a couple of bottles of goat's milk with him, and these he requested, Dr.M'Grath, tho Resident-Surgeon, to oxamine and test in order to, if possible, trace out the offender. He was recommended to try Constable Coakley in the Botanic Gardens; Grose went out, and later in the evening saw Constable Coakley, who ar- rested him for lunacy, and brought him back to the Hospital, where he is now in safe custody. The following is tlib return of traffic on the Victorian Railways for tlio week ending < 3 1st Augu«t, .-1870 :--No. : of .passengera, 35,1631 ; correspondiiig'date in 1875, 70,450 ; piissehgors, parcels, horses; carriages, dogs, and mails, £0/133 4s 5d ; merchandise, minerals, and. cattlo, £12,128 5s lOd. ' /Total rocoipts for tlio week, £18,561 103 3d. Aggregate to this date from lRt- July, £151,171 14s (id ; weekly avera"e 0 1 weeks, £16,830 Iffi 6. " /' The Sydney /Echo of tlio 31st nit. "reports that ; on the previous day /an accident .took, piace at ' the ;.terminus, \nth. results; that /were ! ihimedi- ! ately.fatal.to/ a/very old employe of -the Railway. ! department. ; Some -trucks were being shuntod ' together in the goods delivery part of tho: ter-' minus. It happened most unfortunately -that Edward Robinson, foreman painter at the rail way works,1 endeavoured to cross the lino while i tlii shunting referred to was going on botwoen ! the tracks already drawn up and those tlrat'were beitig brought up by an pngine, wlien he mis- calculated his chances of getting safely past, and was jammed between the buffers. Instan- /- taheous, death was the result, for his chest was j orushpcl in by tho force of the -pressure, - ; .v ? !i '' The polling for the eleotion of a member to j represent tho South-western" Province in the j Legislative Council, in the room of tlio hon. (3-. F. Belohor, who'retires by. ellluxion of time- took place on Monday, and resulted in tlio ro, - turn of Mr Bolchor over his opponent, Mr Zeal. Tlio totals being Belcher, 1061 ; Zoal, 921. The Argus's Deniliquin correspondent tole- , graphed on Monday ly1" James Kennedy, aged 22, a native of Oastlemaine, met with a singular fatal accident while dam-Binking at O'Shan- nassy's station, Moiraj on Saturday. Tho earth fell, throwing tho deceased against a pick pointed upwards, which wqs driven through liis body. He wa3 removed to Redbank for conveyance to tlio Deniliquin Hospital, but diod on the plat form. -. ' ";/:/ ; " The Macleay Hofald reports (hat a . young girl, residing on the Lower-Mucleay, while clear-/ tlio tea tablo, discovered a suako ; slib got a hoo for the purpose of killing.it, butUe'Iound she could not do so while it was oh the . table.'1 Hav ing, started the shake, it drawled off ' the' tablp,; arid by some chance fell into tlio - pot.''. ;. Tho girl; placed a plate" oil > the mouth; of - tlio .jibt'. /and; with the holp of a little sister;. who'1 hold . the/ plato on the pot with'a spado,/ she i/carriod- it'-'toj the fire and boiled, tho i snake '/up til it . was,dead.\ j A correspondent, of '/tho Liverpool Albion,: writing from Taunton, says J-'-'Aa.X was stahd-j ing by- a waterfall ohFriday ' evening, I; saw to .my, astonishment a tront about half a.-poiind in weight forcing its .way up through. -the seethiug watere from tho pool/below. When the trout liacl advanced about a third? of the 'distance up the fall; ho fell" back/ into' tlie/poor exhausted. Tho fall was at an angle of about 30 deg,, .and thel length /of / it / is --'.about eight feet. I watched for a. renewal of .the .attomp.t, biit noKP w'as!model>,,-l»'.'nbt' tliis boourro'nee very nnuf \- —f)e two meii,' Ryun-anarliIIott, now' undet sentence af the Jreritrirlge S tockadu for criihin kl assaults, received their second flogging, says .the Ago, "at the hands.-of Gatoly, the:;hanginan, ii: the A division at /Pentridge on. Monday fore- iio'nn. Ryan, the /perpetrator 'of- tho 'Praliran: outrage, and 'who Jiad , to receive fifty lashes, was (the first one tied to the triangle, . and, as j on a' 'former /occasion/ recoivod his punishment? without a moan or complaint. The second pri-| soner, Millett, is a short stoutly built lad of! about twenty, and was sentenced at tho same? sessions as Ryan to ten years' imprisonment,'; with throe floggings of eighteen lashes eaoh, for a criminal assault upon a. little/ girl on board a steamboat then lying at the' Queen's" Wharf." At the third stroke his self- control gave way, and he continued to cry" for mercy and howl/ with .pain as long as tho punishment, lasted.! Both /men have' another flogging irl store.fbrj The Hobart-Town correspondent of the Argusj writes : — " Muoh'sympathy liari been felt here; with the relatives and friends of the craw and passengers of the barque Britain's iPride,''/ that left this port' for Wellington on 17th June, "and has not since been heard of. The press? here is needlessly reticent on the subject, for there is no room for hope. Besides the crow she hadt four; piissengoi's- — two daughter's of the?? owner,- aiid'a; young lady and a young man. r . Visitors to! Hobart Town will remember/ a" fruitCshbp nearly! opposite Webb's Hotel. It -is kept by the! parents of three of tho crow— The second mate,; an able-bodied soaman, arid ah apprentice. : What-adds to tlio sadness of bo great a' family bereiivomont is the fact that 'the 'son who .was mate was married;' "the! day' befo'rq1 the/ vessel sailed. . The fact that the owner of., the /vessel kept liis daughters: from sailing, in' ariy/.of his otlier vessels, tlist they might go by the Britain's Pride; should be sufficient 'guaraiitee/tliat she was seaworthy, but the prevalence. of rumours to tho contrary, and the well-known coridition of some vessels that could be named'in-every port iu.the. colony, should-dead'. to, some. means, for 'secu'ring protection to life and property against culpable accident ; and Yictoria might well take the lead in the.matter." /, , . jOur. Ohinese feliow- oitizeiiB'were iii-.a state? of groat excitement (says the Ballarat Star), during tlie whole of. Sunday, and up ffo about /three p.m. 'this' (Monday), morning. "" They believe that the souls of, those Chinese who , liavo not died a natural death ivaiider restlessly, .about, cold? arid hungry, 1 " seokiiig ffoat arid finding nono," so once a year a grand feast is made, and an immense number of -fires lit for tlioir bene- patterns; Are cut" out of gilt papor/ arid " are burnt, dissolving very, appropriately -into i thin air. On. Sunday, notification of , wliat:Wus.to be done for their benefit was given by tlio beating of - gongs, drums, etc., to these restless spirits, and at about midnight, when , they wore, sup- '.posed to bo all present, a priest,, name'd Che Ah 'King,' who lives at Haddon, crimirioriced " tlie religions oereriiony by bles'sirig-the 'offorings of tlie charitable. Those consisted of dishes 'of -rice, pork, etc., cooxed, and laid in. two -rows uoar the fires previously, lit. Spiritual beverage, in the shape of giii, was emptied oil tho ground, and after the burning of the clothes, the rice and pork, of /which/the. ghosts-, were supposed to liaVe eaten, was distributed among the Chinese ragpickers and beggars, none , of whom could afford to stand upon ceremony deigning to touch it. The lepers from" '"the ranges .ivero present, but made their offerings' froni a? respectful dis tance from tho other Chinamen, /and consumed, at the close of the ceremony, what tliey had brought themselves. Fear more than love seems to actuate the. Celestials in making. their offerings, as they believe tliat iinloss they . make them the spirits will cause things to be generally very unpleasant for them during'Uie/en3uirig l2 mouths. About L30 al toothtu- wore, oxpondod on //tho/ affair, L4 beiiig given .to/ the/, priest; who, as ho ia the/ only -ffiaii in "tee district' quali fied to . do tliings proper lyj// charges' - rather highly.. J.?.: , .- -.. - ; , . j I /:;(/ ' r. : ,v Writing on the aboriginals rit Oorariderrk'-'tlie correspondent of tho Telegraph says 'It'rapt pears that? the present arid' 'future ' of1 the liiilf- oaste.men are sacrifioed/for, the'boiiefit of tho'full blacks, and the interests of the /hrilficaste girls are merged in considpratioii of / the 'half-cas'to men. / Reference '/was, made in aprevious/./paper to a nearly white girl /whose appearance in the schoolrbom ." attention, and a brief account ;of her/experience will illustrate the position, the whole of the lialf- casto girls are in; /Her/ name is/Maggie Stone, and though her/real father may b'o'alive/ 'ah'e? is? an orphan so far as regards her riativo ' 'pareri ts. " Some time Bince.the Rovi Mr Maokay appliod to tho board to hav'e the girl placed 1 in his ioliarge, with theview. of teaching '.lier? the duties of a doniostio servant, and' thus enabling hbr to/mako her own way in tho world.. Ho was informed that? his' request woiild- have :to bo refused; Daring the recent visit to the station, and -sinee returning,/ to / Melbourne, /'.iriqriiries' have (been made a's to tho reason of tho rofuaal, arid tho; answer givon is, " NVo want tho girls'for wives for tlie men.'": /It 'is /Viipposed thiit "if /the, girls w orb/ licensed out tliey wbiildZbe lbst to the! eta: tion,' and-that without ' the ' attraction of {hav ing 1 them , , there, and- the prospect ' of ?.seioot- iug \yives fromaniorigtlioni, tlielialf-casto youths and yourig-niori'would riofc'remaiii; Riid" Without them tho station bb'iild iibt'be carriod'on. ,This is the' fclioory arid the practice'fouiidbd on it at Corauderrk, and no. doubt it represents tho aboriginal? policy adopted at tee : other- stations. As regards, the femalo children who are growing up and being educated at Coran-lorrk, it would appoar to bo just as natural mid justifiable a proceeding' to toll ofi'a number of dosortod whito waifs ovory yoar for aboriginal wives, instead of Bonding thorn to orphanngos orindustrial schools,- and if half-casts are to bo kopt down as near the level as possible of. their aboriginal origin when they roach womanhood, it soems any thing but a kindness to train thorn up like white children ; and to a great degreo the ramo view, applies to the youths find young men,". ' . ' The Hon R. S. Anderson has been re-elected without opposition for. the Eastern ' Monday was the time appointed for re00lK nomination papers, and he was the only o dato nominated. On Wednesday night a jewollor's sliop_ was robbed at Deniliquin. The thieves took down tho shutters, and romovod a square of glass from the front window. They teen appear to- liavo takon all that was within arm s lougtli. There ia to bo more litigation ovbr teo_0or- nolla run. Tho Pastoral Times says Mr R- Barbour has been served with a Supremo Court writ at the suit- of Mr Henry Rickotsoii for L2000 damages for qllegod trespasses on Cornelia station." / , - . - A hew but® very rascally phase of 'orimo' was discovered by Mr Aftleck, of Euiiouyhareenylio, a fejv' 'days ago ' (says the/ VVqgga/ Express),' ivlien lie found; tivo, ahobp shot dead, and ;two .pfchors 'wbuiidedi byguuslibtsonliis station. Mr, Ameok; at once offered a reward of L50 f or tlie discpyory of;. tlio offender. , : . , I bV 'Dr Nioholson, - deputy coroner, held an inquest; on Monday afternoon on the'- -body " of . Thomas 'Hardy; borihdary rider, at Go'omiilibee S tritiqii, who foil into theBrbkon Rivorarid was drowned, whilst crossing, .a , log oil his. way ..home from Casey 'k'Hotel. / ' : 'His 'dpg'-renteelpK ; barking at tho Bpot wliore ho foil irij and this at- ; tractod his wife's attontioii, thoir lui t bouig near I the- rivpr./ , -Her husband not returning, she com- ; municate"d ..with.- the .police, who dragged the ! rivor, and discovered tho body a few yards from '? the log. : The jury. returned a verdict, of iicctdon- I tally drowned.- /, A application was made to: the Sipremo Court i on Saturdiiy (says:.tee Argus).to oust/Mr-A. D; Wootunfrom office as councillor of /the.- shire 'ol 1 Bright; By/ tee' Local Goyerriment/'Apt, sec, 316; it is provided that; notice of intonlipn/tb ; hole" ' an olectiori ahoulcl .bo givon Viiofc./losa ;thari_foui .; iVaya-.titprritee day/procoding tho day /of uomiiia i! tion!?.'/.-Iri the 'present- easo' tlio, notice, /was given on thd 25th 'July, and the nomination/ took ploeoj on tlie 29te'Jiily.: ; It -was cqhteiided thiit thisj notice was iiisufficidrit. - /Tlie /Court/ granted aj rule', calling on Mr/_Wc3tb"ri?te sli6vV :oauap why lie should . ndt bo pusted from tlie office;:/ ? j The Melbourne cpfrespdndont of the. Hamil ton iSpebtator/writes"?:— '' There will be amongst us;, presently, a gentleman/ well known in thoj coal world — a son of- the late Thomas .Powell; j of the.Gair, iri-Mbrimoiithslrire; whose' interest; in tlie coal' trade of iWalbs-and-it remairis' ivithj tlie"faniily— was about'thp liirgest in tlie 'riiriiii--. cipality/- ? He'coinbs by way/of 'Iridia/arid "Japan on a long .trip, arid has'directed the attention ofl an old enaploye? of /.his . father,/ long settled iuj Yiotbria;' to the/district referred / to/: with ' a- view'rito!- iri'vestirig I'some'-'/capital'j teerb'/Jin ai business with which? the'.-'Powells arc specially! familiar." ? .-.! ,,,.iReferring to, the recent .war-scarp,: the Sydney j News writes,:-/-,'5 To ? the - knowing , ones, - the! private and "special information with first cousius j in, tlie ;War , Ofiico, or- in contidontial correspon dence with Carnarvon, who have 'boen- favoured? with proof copies of England's ultimatum, ' the prompt knocking on-the head, of their oiiinis- cierice'must' have /been decidedly disappoihtiiig. No one probably is wibkod or foolish enbn'gh- to want war, but everyoue likes to talk/about it, arid ris tlio best way tb 8hiiie iti'corivGr8atibii ',of tliat kind is/ to sepm.tb./know a little", mote th/au one's lieighbours, it is riot 'surprising that faiicy./ now arid. tlien gets ahead of fact, withllie,uu'pleasaiit result of .,/boing.,; , suddeiily .somewhat? /rudely jerked up.' /,So,; whilbtee knowing ones woio as suring us, ' froin information recoivod,' that war was inevitable, if:, not/absolutely; /declared,- iit turns out that/there -was rather less -probability of; war than?for sonie time before', or'at' any rate that the knowing ones' knew a 'good- deal -more of : tlio aotual: state i of : affairs than - the; aflairs I teeniselves: :? But this ?a'; eoiiiinon base/pAud, ' after all;- what would' life" bp without" lying; or | evening p'apei's withou t a senaation ?" ' / ' '?:/ : : t / A", collision/of father A serious /riature/bcbiirred j bri Jiffiriday ovo'ning bri the/Sanclhufst /railway, ! by, whibli/poriaiderable damage. /wa3;dori/e "to/. two I goods trains.,; At 20 iinirirites past ,4 , o/oiock/a ; goods traiii.(writes .tliQ Argus) lef t Sandhurst for j -Melbourne, -and 15 minutes later A special sheep S train started. - The "first itrairi-.-urrfvecL'at ?Rid- i doll's Cre'ek statioii between" 9 and? 10 o'clock, / and was beiug ahuntod there wlieri the special i slieep-train overtpok it-, .audi rail :into .; it. Ji/.TA" i collision: was violent,. was ; — — — _u--frcrnnks-wei«» splashed; blocking : up tee linef YThb fireman - of "Mib'sheep train ; engine - was somewhat injured; but not seriously. , Immediately after- the'1 ucoident. the® riows' ivas | telegraphed to "Melbourne; '".arid' assistetice"' was despatchbd without /deIay. /'Mr ;Aridbr8bri) as- : sistarit/'tfaffic maiiagorj' "stwted/iii.a sp/bciaFtraiii kj?foj.0;li'bAlock; teking/wiikhim'a'.rim men arid/thbiappliaiicbs required for the /purp'bsp / of/clearing the, lino for /tho, /traffic., / ,Tlie . 7.15 ' passenger- ? train,. from ."Sandhurst, was/delayed througli the accident for-au hour and a:.quarter, / not Arriving, at , the Spencer-street: station- untill 25 mini) tea to l o'olock this 'morning.'! The train wiiSistopped.ntMacedon foriSomo.-time as iti.was .believed;, the lino was .absolutely -..blocked; Baud afterwards it had to. proceed sIowly;-'J/t: was -pos- ; eible, "however, for thelrairi topass ouia'siding through the goods Blied at Riddeli's Creek, and \- thus to avoid; the blocked; portion - of /.ther line. Tho nieri will be busily engaged in clearing the lino during the night, /and it, is notibelieyod that there will bo any' iriobrruptioii of 'the through . traffic. .. ./.- J- . y- ;/ v/ : - A peculiar caio of inhumanity to" a" child wab brought; bofore ,tho:,Hpbart .Town Police Court orithe 29bh ulc. . The '/Mercury relates that .a respectable looking woinau nained;Mr8 Graham, was'Ahargod With ' .unlaw, fully/' boating' a". 'little girl named Henrietta' Myers. ? 'The' girl; /' with throe other children younger than ;lierselfj"afe the daughters of, Captain. Myers, i?of ; the /whal ing b'a'rqiib Mario .Laure; , Their mother , died some 'two years ago, and 'since tlieri1 they' 'have been under the oar'e -r6frtheirrfatlibr's Bister Mrs Graham, who has boon receiving Lf> per month for their support. On the . 24th alt.', Henrietta and her sister Liioy went" into' a neighbour's hotise, where tliey have, boon forbidden to go frequently,'.aud.on: returning Behriotta solemnly deolared that she'-?had been in an- outliouso; For this deliberate lie;varid also: for--disbboying her 'command riot ,to go iritothA/'iieighbour's, flpeso a- th e g Lr 1 . , , Ti'tk ing'," li o r into the' kitbh'eri, sho'niade /her strip off every particlo pLplpthing j theii sliQ wont itito tho garden and pb'tairied a . riuriibor/ of //switclioa/ froth , a plum trpe./and with these she" whipped the"/ girl -' for a quarter, of , an hour. :Not /satisfied ivith/ that, alio put tlio girl to bed. and/rubbpd salti butter on lior . back, ,;iid .as. t h o skiii "was - , brokeri/.iri soypral.plaobs it can easily bo/imagiried lioiv ' the pa"1, would . be lnoreased. ?,, /J'iic .,, . woman's brntality- would, in fact, bo beyond -oredonco were it not for the conclusive - evidrince . of .'tho girl, and also the testimony given by Dr; -Hall He examined the girl the day af ter tho Hoggin"' and found her back from the, nape of the nock downwards reaohinff even as far as the back of the thighs,: covered witli " red ? streaks./ The markB woro Bonumoro'uBthat he did licit attompt to countteem the skin was' perfectly mapped. Bestdes this, her body was in an emaciated oon- tlitiou, from the want of sufficient uourishment, so that tho. woman had ; actually ? been ? starvih" the girl. - This i tho magistrates"' did vriot" 'deiTy!' but they hold that.tKb oliastisemerit' was grossly - oxcoBsive, - And ,.iu ; fact,; amounted: to terriblri oru,fe; 4.l?ey-; teerefore sent;/ the woman to' .gaol for three months, without the . optLbn of A hbesides ordering lier to pay two "guineas 