THE WESTfipf-gtJE^mD RACING A meeting offliemenibers «f the above club, "was held on Thursday -evening last' at " Mr. - Hyder'a j Quecnfl ArnjB Hotel, Roma. There was iarge&ttendkttce.v; fcl \ V . .. :/?. ilr. ^bex^»n, l^vii^ been in^Ovihe ^b^^JSfc^CleeW^ Jibe secretary pro fern. read several agreeiiig2.;fe> become members. • He £aid he bad com municated with the steWat&s; of - the late f<Jhristraas Races and thelate 'August* meeting, «nd 4hey were quite •willing to liand «ver the bdiaaiS'"liQy to their credit' to the new club. A balance of £44 was left from last ;43aaBfctnaa'• 'wag,-' file August meeting, The followjm^^gefetl^men-Vferfi Sected office President; Messrs.- 3. Robertson nnd J. M'Lean, Vlce _>I^®8id«i|s; A. ReicL, Treasurer, and ,H. C. ■Cleave, Honorary Secretary, Mr. Corasi.1; proposed that 'the managing body of the club should consist of a committee of twelve members, who should be -empowered to choose the stewards of the Christmas and Annual'Race Meetings from amongst them *elves. - A.-. Mr. Saimond mid that in Hie clubB he "had .been connected with, it was the practice for the members to elect the stewards direct, without the intervention ol a committee. He -proposed! as an amendment that seven stewards be elected. Mr. Macfabmjje said he -had always found that title smalls cemmitteeB were, the better the iwrlt va& done. He bought seven would •be a better working numberthan twelve. After some conversation iheoriginaL motion was carried. . • v iSK Skid objected to the Committee being appointed aJt that meeting. He knew gentlemen HvhbmiliewaBBure would jointhe clubaa soon as ^ey hea^-of its formation; and he thought it .•wo^dlwbei^m'to Aefer tmpointingtbe committee tilL ^i& ittnmljets were larger. He concluded Ijy moving that five members be appointed : "Stewards -to -eariy out the ensuing Christmas Races ©rily. . Sfr- Saimond havirnr seconded the motidn, it was carried, and the following gentlemen were elected StewardsMessrs. Macfarlane, D. Sal . mond, D. Benjamin, jusu, J, W. Johnston, and A. M. Heftaiberg ' The ijQHjUBiDJJ said It would be better to ; leave theappointment of Judge and Starter rtothe Stewards. - A resolution to that effect was • carried. . The£ECBETAB,v reada letter from Mr. Hamil ton, the Secretary of the Darling Uowns Racing " CJlabj stating that his clnb used the rules of \- lie Metropolitan ^Club, and he thought it would ' be better if "all country Clubs would do the «ame, as it would be a great convenience to i owners of horses at a distance. Mr. Beed thought, as there was no time to • loose, it would be advisable to use the North Australian Club Rules, as hitherto, at all events for the ensuing Christmas meeting. It would •save all trouble to the Stewards, as they were well acquainted with those rules, and it -would be more acceptable to the owners of horses likely to compete, as those owners had been ac customed to run their horses under them. A resolution/directing the If. A. J. C. Rules to be used7 was carried unanimously. Avoteof thanks having been passed to the -Chairman and duly acknowledged, tlie meeting separated. • : The Stewards afterwards met to prepare a programme for the . Christmas meet, which ■appears inour advertising columns. The Courier says:—On Wednesday, the 19th instant, on the order of the day for the third reading of the Land Bill being called on, Mr. Buzacott moved that the bill be recommitted for the reconsideration of clause 2, with a view to substitute appraisement for auction. He be lieved that auction would not bring more revenue, whilst the very fact of its being -determined on would occasion much uncertainty and anxiety to the holders of runs during the interval preceding the expiration of their present leases. The motion was carried on division by 20 to 11. The Mouse then resolved itself into a committee on the lillj and Mr. Buzacott asked the committee to negative clause 2, with a view to insert amend ments which had been drafted and printed, affirming the appraisement principle. Mr. King raised >the old war-cry against the squatters,. and after considerable discussion, the motion; went to a division, and was negatived . by 17 :to A6. Messrs. Walsh and Macdonald walked out, defining to Vote on the question, on theground that they were personally inter ested in its settlement, and Mr. Morehead was ■absent from the House through illness. " Bohemian";in the WeSt says:—If there is •one positionm tife^more enjoyable than another ;it is, -I think, that of an insolvent who has failed ifor a tremendously laige sum, and done it neatly-—" within thefour corners of the Insol vency Act," as the lawyers say. I often wish I /was an insolvent, who haJl failed for a million, 4or something-like such a sum. I would sooner be in that position than be - ancle to the Czar of p.njwin.j or iirijfc cousin to She Qoeen of Sheba. Such a man is happy, or-ought to be, if happi ness is «tp be found on this earth. ' He don't -owe anybody a penny; he has a host of eyrnpa \- thising friends-; lie is- not expected to keep up any appearances, -except a sort of mitigated woe and injured innocence deportment ' before ' strangers-; =an& if he has not «aved enough out of the Tvreck 'to make himself and his family -comfortable, he deserves -kicking. I was led to the above tra^of thought a short time ago by seeing an insolvent leave the wharf at Bris • bane "for a -trip to: the.' old country. The vchoicest berth in the vessel. was secured for Tiimj and so it "will be on the mail-steamer that conveys himi&elast; part of the Journeythe little coasting steamer in winch Jie was depart ing was scarcely big enough-to Hold all his lug gage, and a Lost of friends were present to wish him a pleasant voyage. J hope I am not envi ous. . I. try my best, in a quiet, unostentatious manner, to paddle my own. canoe, and foi£e .ahead just as tune, tide, and personal-skill .permit, without grilling over the slow rate of process I am niaking as .compared with others. It is a source,of perennial ^satisfaction to uie to ' ifcnow tliat we shall all live till we die-^-if nobody kills us—and that it won't jnake two straws dif ference a hundred years hence how much we sayed or ispent sp;ib)^^ we worked onr passage through in an. honest, madly/ upright, and < • down^straight manner. But - I rouat say that ] when I saw the gentleman before alluded to; depart &om; these shores t should have been happy to have changed places with him. I should ilkeito&nake; iajtrip to the -old country, ■- and visit the oM=plaees, a«d see as many of the 'old"faces ~as are left. -Bat there isn't the ghost of a chanc6 of it.' " I am not an insolvent for half-a-imllioa, ahd niev^ can hope to be. I aw not lilely to hecome-aia insolvent at all, for the iw^ of ^ which I need, not mention more particularly, and the longer I live the more 'firmly ain I convinced that very few juen in this great colony whojjay twenty shil . "lings to the pound all tErough, ever get- time and \- money enough for- -a trip to the old country, travelling iirstHslasaall the. way. No wand again one doeB ituT his old -age, but insolvents for very Jarge amounte tiettrly alwaysmanage a trip ofthiskmd.- Fortane favoura the brave. ^ A Boiikd ^Out J^I-P.—Master "(cool "and cotufortable)t ' Jffoommonly warm, James J" Gardener (mopping brow) i That it be; .f ir l Tom toarstyou S, him ' jGtertain'y nipt 1 I ! ihinkl,©'"^jsuch' a ! jibmar T iPhew l It be wSa*«xfulhotj iura-IyJ I"*' —ypitach. . . : « 