BOWING NOTES. Br CtOANTHUS. The yachting sod rowing men of 610 Hill are, it wonld seem, making strenuous efforts to take the earliest poBsible advantage of the fine sheet of water which it ia expected will Boon, be at their disposal in Albert park. The works for the snpply of water from the Yarra are, I believe, fast approaching com pletion, and will probably be in fall swing ere another month has passed. At a recent meeting of the Albert-park Yacht Club the preliminary steps were taken to inaagar&te; the occasion by a regatta on a liberal scale, and in which Beveral rowing men of ex perience and influence from the Yarra are to be invited to co-operate. The Emerald-hill Borongh Council should be urged, if it has not been done already, to lend their influence, as well as their patronage, to the movement; for it be hoves that body to do all they consistently can to perfect the scheme which the Go vernment has so liberally carried out for the ornamentation of Albert-park and the pleasure of its inhabitants. There baa been a great deal of the public money expended on the works, and it would show a decided lack of public spirit if the municipal authori ties, who are bo deeply interested in the progress of the Hill, were to stand aloof and leave to the management of a couple of young clubs wtfat should more properly be done by themselves. It was stated some time back that tlie pro posed regatta would be only open for com petition by members of the two clubs, and that the foreign element was to be strictly excluded. As there could be no general interest taken in any regatta conceived and conducted in such a niggardly spirit, I hope there never was any trnth in the statement. Every event on the card of the Melbaurne Regatta, from the Jnnior Sculls to the Chal lenge Eight, is open to the Parkites, and it would be a poor compliment to say in return, " We will keep our races to Ourselves, and will not allow you the option of competing." I feel sure that with the right men on the committee there need be little or no fear of not being able to collect the requisite funds amongBt the influential residents of the borough. Only set to work at once. The news recently received from England by telegram that the match between Trickett and Lumsden was abruptly terminated by the withdrawal of the latter caused no small amount of disappointment and dissatisfac tion in rowing circles here. There waB a very general feeling, however, that the Tyne man displayed much more discretion than, courage, the opinion being that he could not have a ghost of a chance against the cham pion of the Thames. The disappointment, however, felt here must have been aanothing in comparison with that experienced by Trickett and his hacker, Mr. J. Punch. The match, it will be remembered, was made for £200 aside, with a bet for a similar amount A Bhort time, as it appears, after both went into training, Lumsden declared off in the most unceremonious fashion, his backers at the same time, giving notice to tbe stake holder not to pay over the stakes to Trickett. Payment of the bet was also declined. It vras stated that Trickett met with great sympathy amongst the Londoners, and that a public testimonial was mentioned, no doubt with a view to recoup him the amount of which he was attempted to be morally robbed. Legal proceedings for the recovery of the stakes, we are told, were also suggested. Whatever may be tbe upshot of the matter, there can be only one opinion about it, that the Australian has been treated most un handsomely, and what makes the whole affair BO much worse is that he was deprived of the chance of competing for tbe 800-dollar prize offered at the Philadelphia Regatta, on account of this very match with Lumsden. The race on the Schuylkill River only looked a mere matter of health for Trickett; for I feel tolerably sure, from what we have heard and seen of American rowing, that there is no one over there who could ask him to row. Biggins might, of course, have proved a thorn in hiB side, but I doubt it mucbly. As regards bet* on this match, there seems to be mnch diversity of opinion. In the rules of betting on brat races laid down in "Argo naut," we find two clauses of a somewhat conflicting nature. One says " the interests of bets are inseparable from the interests of tbe stakes or prize : in other words, bets go with the stakes." Another clause lays it down "that bets on boat races are not P.P.," with certain exceptions. Onthe strength of the latter the backers of Lamsden say that, not having had a start for their money, they are not bound to .pay. The two classes, however, seem to me to be quite con* lUtent. bavin?, as I believe, been frnmml <» p ol WVU uniUQU W I B*ag*t© different cases. to me tf.rwnffh at ififSWBwo, and Huey,wS^!01^ I twiner thing* «.«?. h*d to th*ke up Toad, ? «-r- , SffywU byhtlf . length; Jtanhill » bad tin the j fourth, loo Aftii, ».and Pomme de Terre laataoir* > toulSa. $H»r a CORINTHIAN COP. A handicap eweeprtakei <rt 6 ton. each, I ft., with a\ ?Urercopnlotd at 26 nova. *ndW aova. inipeale j flor three yean old am upwards. Gentle* I men rider* One mile and a quarter. i Mr. A. Bownatf* br< Apology, by Maribyrnong, 8 jn. m- 7U>. (Mr. Bette) ... li Mr.S, liobtitfi br h Leonard, H yr«, 10»t 4lb. (Mr.S.M. Boyd>) . .. S Mb A. JjQdert b n Hybla, C yit, lUt. 41b. (Mr. DookiD) .. M .. .. ., .. | itr.A. BnaenfihgPanto.aged.list 121b. (Owner) t go*. B. fi. Cox's ch g Bolus, 6 yrs, list. 71b. (Mr. » XL Cos) *4 ». »« «. » . M ® J .jgir.P. fHennistert g g Oaffer Grey, aged, list. (Mr. XL BUne*) .. .. © Ki, V. M'MaUen'* br g Lord More ton, aged, lUt, (Owner) »» » .. .. 9 Mr. K. Itoiy's br fr FearnauKtot, aged, lOst, 181b. (Owner) .. . .. ~ - .. .. .. 0 Mr. ft, Waldock's b g Planet, aged, lOst. 21b. (Mr. tfcTktnwV br o Henohel, 8 yn, 9M. lSb. (ifr.Betty) .. .. . .. " 0 Sutufc and Piuet; 8 to I each apt jfyHa and jfgttmtV . tour were despatched to a aplendtd start, Paulo (Bttmg oat the work at a good paw, followed by Apology, Hybla, Lord Moreion, and OtKer fim. PJaattoo&nnned; in front aa they paaaed Outtffb where HybU bad taken aeaond pUoe, the favomite ffflSEwatthe head Maffi aSpfcSt fin up *hirtl7; Entering the Btaulgbt Apology end Hyhia challenged Panic right and left, mo the laeWuwed retiring, the Uvourfte bad Hybla Maten Mtn thiy naohed the Lsger stand; bat a more dslngecout op ponent appeared in Leonard, who caae with a *». mendous nub, and after an exciting struggle Apology 