THE MERCURY. MONDAY MORNING, JUNE 5, 1878. It was with some satisfaction that we were enabled to publish the first instalment of the agricultural statistics in our issue of Saturday, because we felt that our persistent advocacy of the earlier publication of these returns was having the desired effect. Only a week or two ago we wrote on this subject, pointing out that, for all practical purposes, the statisticshavohithertobocn useless, and that if it is intended that they shall be serviceable to farmers and merchants in the buying and selling of grain they must be placed before the public at an earlier period of the year than has been the custom. We never expected that we should be able to obtain this reform at once, but we looked forward to the time when we should see some beneficial result flowing from our iteration of what we believe to be sound opinions. That there has been, and still is unnecessary delay in the preparation of these returns, we are convinced, and till they are given to us in a complete form at the same period, allowing for the late- ness of the harvest in this colony, as in the other colonies, we shall not desist from urging the views on this subject we have so frequently given expression to in these columns. Mr. Howell, we know, is as anxious as anyone that the statistics should be published sooner, but he is placed in this position that he is dependent on municipal officers, some of whom do not feel themselves called upon to display any great activity in collecting the returns. Had there been any desire on the part of all these gentlemen to furnish Mr. Newell with the particulars required of them as early as possible, we should now have before us a complete return of the gross produce and average yield per acre of wheat, oats, potatoes, and hay for 1875-6, instead of the imperfect return which we gave on Saturday. From four districts-Clarence, Glenorchy, Richmond, and Sorell-no statistics have been received. We know of no reason why there should be this negligence ; while, on the other hand, it seems to us very apparent that the returns from those municipalities ought to have been furnished quite as soon as those from the districts in other parts of the colony. It is rather singular that the four defaulting municipalities are the nearest to the metropolis of any others. The returns from them have never been anything like as large as those from some of the northern districts, the officers in which have managed to supply their information with commendable alacrity, and therefore we are driven to the conclusion that the municipal officers in the south are more dilatory than those elsewhere. We hope that next year a spirit of emulation between the various districts will lead to the returns being furnished within a reasonable time. The return we have published is, as we have mentioned, an imperfect one, and though we should have been more satisfied had it given us all the information we had a right to expect considering that we have entered upon the month of June-yet we willingly acknowledge our indebtedness to the Statistician for having afforded us an opportunity of ascertaining, as near as we can, what our supply of breadstuffs is for this year. To those who are not engaged in trade this matter may appear less important than it is, but, as we hope to be able to show, the statistics this year are perhaps of more interest than they have been for some years. It has been generally known that, on account of the partial failure of the harvest in the North, the quantity of wheat available for consumption would be greatly diminished and this fact is attested by its present value. There is no better guage of the probable supply, in the absence of official statistics, than the ruling prices, and if we compare the rates now being paid with those current at the same period last year, we shall find that the dealers in grain must have been possessed of some tolerably accurate information as to the yield of the last harvest. Last year new wheat started at 5s., and at the beginning of June it had fallen to 4s. 6d., with a good supply. This year 6s. was paid for the first lots of new grain, but in March I there had been a fall of 9d., since which there has been an improvement, and now 5s. 3d. can be obtained readily. 'Wheat is at least 9d. per bushel dearer now than at the corresponding period of 1875. There must be, of course, some good reason for this, and we find it in the returns before us. Being desirous of arriving at as close an estimate as possible of this year's yield, we took the liberty of crediting the four municipalities that have not sent in returns with the same quantity of produce that was given in the returns for 1874-5, and in that way making up a complete table. By so doing we arrive at the following results, comparing them with the gross yields of last year : 1874-5 1875 0. Decrease. Increase. Wheat.... 1,000,801 ... 081,893 ... 884,00.» ... Oula. 877,2« ... 811,239 ... 05,951 ... Potatoes.. 20,100 ... 25,022 ... 547 ... Har. 41,141 ... 48,800 ... - ... 6,722 The grain is of course given in bushels, and the other produce in tons. We feel ourselves perfectly justified in estimating that the yields in Clarence, Glenorchy, Richmond, and Sorell, equal those of last year, because we know from accounts to hand that there has been little, if any, falling off in those districts and as these are amongst the largest cereal producing districts in the south, the greater part of the decrease of nearly four hundred thousand bushels of wheat has taken place in the north. The result is somewhat startling, and, presuming that the Statistician's returns are correct, the advance in value that has recently taken place is fully warranted. We pass over as of comparatively little interest at the present time the returns of oats, potatoes, and hay, and directing our attention to those of wheat, it will be interesting to see in what districts this great decrease has principally taken place. The following table will show that 1874-5. 1875 Decrease. I Bothwell . 11,128 .. 8,675 .. 2,553 Deloraine. 09,002 .. 26,447 .. 42,655 I Evandale. 85,404 ... 66,410 ... 38,985 Green Ponds. 28,531 ... 18,818 ... 7.713 Horton. 10,509 ... 2,792 ... 7,717 Hamilton . 18,615 ... 12,071 ... 5,814 Launceston Selby)... 43,146 .. 30,052 ,.. 13,004 Longford . 207,439 ... 130,745 .. 76,294 New Norfolk. 28,698 ... 18,017 .. 9,071 Oatlands. 36,207 ... £7,784 .. 8,513 Port Sorell. 111,844 ... 43,853 .. 67,901 Westbury. 214.617 ... 120,243 ... 94,369 | In those twelve districts there is a decrease of 380,139 bushels, which is within about five thousand bushels of the total decrease throughout the colony. Such results will probably take a great many people by surprise, and they will afford food for serious contemplation regarding the causes of such a marked falling-off'. In the absence of the statistics as to the area of land under cultivation, and other facts which will, no doubt, be published by the end of the year, we are unable to ascertain with any definiteness whether the decrease is attributable entirely to rust or whether a portion may be ascribed to some farmers having devoted their land to the cultivation of other cereals or produce We cannot of course arrive at the average through out the colony, which we always look upon as a most interesting fact ; but Mr. Nowell has given us the average in each district that has furnished a return, and we judge from those averages that bad crops, and not a diminution in the acreage, has caused the falling off. The average in Deloraine in 1875 was 1712, while this year it is only 9-42; Evandale, 1875, 20.12 1876,10-42 ; Longford, 1875, 21-25 1870, 1773 ; Port Sorell, 1875, 21-25; 1870, 13-79; Westbury, 1875, 1875 ; 1870, 14-40. Thus in some cases there has been a decrease of nearly four bushels to the acre, a falling off which spread over a large extent of grain- producing country, makes a considerable difference in the gross yield. There has been a slight increase in some districts. For instance, Brighton yields 5004 bushels more than last year ; Fingal, 601 and Glamorgan, 2,826. In the average, also, there has been an improvement in places. Brighton has an average increase of 50 bushels ; Campbell Town, nearly 94 bushels ; Fingal, 3 bushels and Glamorgan, ' Gi bushels. These are a few bright spots in the somewhat dark picture that these statistics present before us, and it is just as well that we should not lose sight of them, though they do not materially assist to improve the prospects of our breadstuffs market. It becomes a matter of great moment now to know whether our supply this year will be equivalent to the demand, and in attempting to ascertain that we are met with a difficulty. We are unable to estimate with any degree of accuracy what stock there was on hand on the 1st of April last, the statistics we are considering being for the year ended 31st March. Mr. Nowell estimated that the surplus last year was 447,283 bushels, but we are inclined to think that it did not reach that quantity. The estimated stock on hand on 1st April, 1875, was 120,622, and we shall be within the mark if we put down 100,000 bushels as the stock on hand on 1st of April last. We thus arrive at the following results : Bushels Estimated Stock on hand 1st April, 1875. 100,000 Produce of crop of 1875-0. 081,808 Estimated consumption for moan population at 6 bushels per head. For seed, at 2 bushels per acre.". Estimated surplus in 1875-76. 41,693 This surplus may be more or less according to the yields in the four defaulting districts, and according to the stock on hand, which is probably more than we have estimated. On the other hand much of the wheat in the north is known to be of very inferior quality in fact, scarcely fit for milling purposes, and therefore the quantity available for consumption may be less than our present imperfect information leads us to believe. We shall look forward to the receipt of Mr. Newell's complete returns with some anxiety. The report of the New South Wales Council of Education upon the condition of the public schools for 1875, has just been published, and we may be permitted to favour our readers with a few of the many interesting facts it contains. No subject has excited more attention in New South Wales than that of education. It has elicited more speeches both in and out of Parliament, more public meetings many of them not of the most orderly character more leading articles, and more letters to newspaper editors than, perhaps, any subject that can be named, and yet the people do not exhibit any wearisomeness. For ourselves, however, we must confess that it is refreshing to come across something definite in regard to this question. Public discussions seldom lead to any beneficial result and one gets tired of reading the twaddle uttered by platform orators about the education of the rising generation, and the relative merits of systems that find so many hot-headed and imprudent advocates ; so that a report of the kind now before us, dealing with real work, and not with mere talk, demands some attention. 781,893 025,200 116,000 \- 740,200 I Though the progress made during the year has been Bright, yet very good reasons are assigned for it and, as is stated, not to have retrograded is as favourable a state of things as could, under adverse influence, reasonably have been expected. The rapid increase in the population of the colony has, of course, necessitated a correspond- ing augmentation of the facilities for imparting education to the children, and there has, therefore, been a considerable addition to the labours of the department. Last year the Parliamentary vote for primary schools was increased from £120,000 to £180,000, and by adding the school fees paid, amounting to £56,246, together with a sum of over £7,000 received as local contributions, etc., there was a grand total of £243,000 available for educational purposes. This sum, though it far exceeds that of any other colony, falls far short of the amount expended in Victoria ; but there not only is there a larger population, but the entire cost of education is borne by the State. In New South Wales, for the first, time, in the history of the colony, the number of primary schools maintained or aided by the State exceeded one thousand last year. There was a not increase of 40 upon the number in operation in 1874 41 public and 18 provisional schools having been added, and six half-time and 13 certified denominational schools removed from the list. The aggregate number of pupils enrolled has also increased by 4072. In 1867 the pupils numbered 64,740, and in every year since then there has been a gradual increase, until, in J 1875, there were 104,456, showing that in eight years there was an increase of 39,716. "From the more general interest manifested in the subject of primary education during 1875," says the report, "it might have been anticipated that the schools would have exhibited evidences of greater prosperity, and such expectations would doubtless have been realised but for adverse circumstances : the prevalence of sickness of a serious nature throughout the year, by which the suspension of many schools for lengthened periods were rendered necessary ; the floods with which the colony was visited in the earlier months and the long drought, the effects of which were severely felt in the latter part of the year, all affected school ' attendance unfavourably ; but notwithstanding i these drawbacks, regular attendance has declined but slightly. " The half-time schools find great favour, as applications continue to be received i from sparsely peopled districts for the establishment of such schools. Tasmania might take a lesson from the action of the Council with regard to the inspection of schools. Seeing that the existing staff was inadequate for the proper inspection of all the schools, two new I districts were at once formed, and two additional inspectors appointed. Notwithstanding this a wise step, however, 111 schools were not fully | or regularly inspected ; but this is to a certain extent attributable to the fact that one of the new inspectors was for a time unable to enter upon his duties through illness. The average proficiency of the scholars has improved very little in fact, with the exception of writing and geography, no advance can be recorded on any subject. This is by no means satisfactory, though, to quote the report, " it is but reasonable to suppose that the large number of new schools brought under inspection for the first time, may have increased the proportion of those returned as below the standard." There is one matter mentioned in the report that is of special interest in Tasmania, It will be remembered that for some time we have strongly advocated the abolition of that provision of the Act which requires that the residents in any locality shall contribute one third of the cost of the erection of school buildings, the Board giving the remaining two thirds! We have pointed out that in some poor and sparsely populated districts it is impossible for the people to make this contribution, and that the consequence is either no buildings are provided, or many of those that are used are unfit for such a purpose. In April last year the Legislative Assembly of New South Wales passed a resolution in the following terms : " That so much of the regulation of the Council of Education, numbered two under the head of ' school administration, which requires in the case of the establishment of Public schools the contribution from private sources of one-third of the cost of erecting and furnishing school buildings, inclusive of schools now in course of construction where sufficient funds have not been privately subscribed, ought not in future, to be enforced." The passing of that resolution I has, as the report informs us, had the effect of greatly stimulating the desire for the establishment of public schools, and a similar result would, we believe, be realised in this colony if the same course were taken. We trust the Government will not overlook the desirability of amending the Act so as to throw the entire cost of the erection of these buildings on the State. The EsoLisn Mailey the kindness of the operator here, we learn that the R.M.S. Sumatra, with the mails from Europe, arrived off Glenelg at 555 a.m. yesterday, and, after delivering the South Australian mails, left for Melbourne at 10.30 a.m. She is thus eight days behind time, which is attributable to the breaking down all Lisbon of the steamship Surat, but as she was detained eleven days at Calle, awaiting the mails, bIic must have made a rapid passage from there, having gained three days. The Sumatra may be expected in Hobson's Bay to-morrow, in which case the Tasmanian steamer may reach L mnceston on Wed headway, and the mails be delivered here on Thursday morning. At a late hour last night we received a telegram conveying a few of the principal items of news brought by the steamer. They will be found in another column. The Representation of tub Mersey. Within the last few days it has been publicly stated that the Hon. W, K. Hawkes purposed resigning his seat for the Mersey, in order to make a vacancy for Captain Gilmore. Mr. Hawkes writes us positively denying the truth of the statement. He says I have no such intention, and never had and no communication on that subject has taken place between Captain Gilmore and myself, or any of his friends." The Advantage of Railways The advantage of rapid travelling was forcibly illustrated on Saturday. The steamer Tamar arrived in Launceston about eleven o'clock a.m., and passengers by her were enabled to catch the train which leaves at 12-30, for Evandale, and thence came to Hobart Town by the express, which reached here punctually to time, viz., twenty-five minutes past seven. Not only that, but parcels of Australasians of that day's date, sketches, and Friday's Argus were received by Messrs. Walch and Sons, to whom we are indebted for copies of each of these papers. With- out the railway both passengers and papers would not have reached Hobart Town till this morning. Fatal Affray on the Wharf On Friday last a German seaman named Alfred Albert was brought to the General Hospital in an insensible state, and yesterday the man died without having recovered consciousness. About eighteen months ago the deceased was a member of the city police force, since which time he has followed the sea. On arriving from a recent voyage he stayed at the Neptune Hotel, New Wharf. Last Wednesday he and another sailor were fighting at that place, and Albert received some severe injuries about the head from the blows of his opponent. On the following day he went to the hospital for treatment, and the hospital authorities, seeing the state he was in, advised him to remain in the institution. He refused to do so, however, and returned to his lodgings, whence, as already stated, he was brought back on Friday insensible, in which condition he lingered until his death. An inquest will doubtless be held on the body, when fuller particulars of the fatal affray will doubtless be elicited. A Row in Hauhington-strekt.-A row occurred in Harrington-street, near Melville-street, yesterday afternoon, amongst a number of abandoned women who reside in that locality. During the quarrel one of the parties, a girl named Parker, 20 years of age, was struck on the head and shoulders with a knife by a woman named Wilson and another woman named Mills was severely beaten about the body by one Rosannah Hill. Parker was taken to the Hospital by Dote stive Connor, where her wounds, which were not of a very serious nature, were attended to. Both Wilson and Hill were apprehended, and will be brought up before the Mayor this morning for the purpose of being remanded to a future day. City Council The following is the business to be considered at the meeting to- day. Reports from the various committees as follows, viz. Public Works : On representation of Mr. Moses Cohen as to alleged injury to his boundary in Collins-street on petition from property owners in Arthur and Warwick streets, praying for a road in Arthur street on application of the Rev. D. Beechinor, on behalf of Mrs. Murphy, the Lady Superioress of the Presentation Convent, requesting the construction of an underground drain therefrom ; an application of Mr. Miller for same improvement to be made in the side channel in Napoleon- street on application from Mr Parsons for a few loads of gravel in William- street. Water Works : On representation of the hon. secretary Royal Society that the ferns and forests on the slopes of Mount Wellington were being devastated, and asking for the adoption of measures to suppress the practice. Order of the day : Mr. Alderman Brownell to move that the ruling of His Worship the Mayor in reference to Mr. Alderman Brownell's motion is not in accor.1anci|vith the rules of the Council. Street Obstruction The thoughtlessness of some one in emptying a quantity of rubbish in upper Davey-street nearly caused a very serious accident on Friday night to a gentleman on horseback. Derna too dark to see the rubbish, the horse stumbled and fell, throwing the rider completely off, The animal, a very valuable one, received several cuts, and the gentleman was a good deal shaken, and narrowly escaped being severely hurt, for it was more by good luck than anything else that he did not fall underneath the horse, in which case no doubt some inquiry would have been made for the person who was the immediate cause of the accident. Perhaps I the City Inspector would look into the matter, and I warn the offender, it he or she is, known-of the I penalty for depositing refuse in a public place, a "The Australasian Sketcher. This month's Sketcher is rather more interesting to Tasmanians than usual. , The portrait of Trucanini is a faithful one, and no doubt many persons will take the opportunity of becoming possessed of it but we certainly cannot speak favourably of the full page illustration of the accident on the Main Line Railway caused by the train running into a mob of horses. It is simply a gross exaggeration, bearing little resemblance little reality. The "mob of horses on the occasion consisted of five, while the view shows between twenty and thirty, and leads one to think that the most horrible carnage is going on. We can readily understand, as our contemporary observes, that "such a scene contains powerful elements of the picturesque" and the artist has unquestionably not only held a similar opinion, but put it into practice. The view is the worst we have seen in the Sketcher. A portrait of the late Rev. T. F. Hird will at once be recognised by those in this colony who were acquainted with him. The other illustrations are The Governor laying the foundation-stone of the Academy of Music ; the Opossum Hill Rush, near Berlin (two views) ; Chinese fancy hawker ; the Birthday Re- view-the Nelson attacking the batteries ; the torch- light procession in connection with the fire brigade demonstration at Ballarat ; Cook's Bay and Shakspeare Head, Mercury Bay, Auckland ; Geelong in 1849 ; and afternoon sketch in Collins- street and a portrait of Mrs. Scott-Siddons, the actress. The letter press maintains its excellence. Confirmation. His Lordship Bishop Bromby administered the rite of confirmation to twenty-one candidates four males and seventeen females-lost evening at Trinity Church ; a very large congrega- tion being present. Besides the Bishop, the Rev. Canon Davenport was the only other clergy- man who took part in the service. After the choir sang the anthem, " The Lord preserveth the souls of his saints," the Bishop proceeded with the " Order of Confirmation," the candidates standing until they had answered the usual question put to them ; when, after resuming their seats, His Lord- ship addressed them on the nature of tho vow they were about to renew, explaining also the reason why the rite was instituted and continued up to the present. The candidates then received the imposition of the Bishop's hands, after which His Lordship again addressed those who were just confirmed particularly, and the whole congregation likewise, taking the following as his text Ephesians iv. 30, " And grieve not the holy Spirit of God, whereby ye are sealed unto the day of re lemption." The lost hymn sung was " Onward, Christian soldiers," which the choir and congrega- tion sang with considerable spirit. His Lordship then closed the service by pronouncing the benediction. St. Joseph's Church. The arrangements occasioned by the proposed restoration of St. Mary's Cathedral, which was closed on 28th ult., came into force at St Joseph's Church yesterday (Whit- sunday), At the various masses, commencing at 7 o'clock, the attendance was more than usually large. There was no sermon at High Mass, but at vespers, the Rev. Father Kelsh, New Norfolk, delivered an eloquent and animated sermon to a crowded congregation, the theme being the feast of Pentecost. The reverend gentleman referred to the diffidence of the apostles until, by the descent upon them of the spirit of the Holy Ghost, their intellects were illumined, and fortitude was imparted to them in disseminating the faith and overthrowing idolatry and heresy. Parents have been urged to cause children to attend the mass, specially designed for them, at half-past 9 on Sunday mornings, and not to send them to vespers. If the provision in question be complied with, adults can be accommodated at preceding and subsequent services in the morning and in the evening, otherwise inconvenience will be unavoidable, (specially because, it appears, all the available sittings for rental at St. Joseph's Church have for some time past been secured. By the generosity of a Victorian gentleman (Mr. James Toohey), a clock has been secured for St. Joseph's from trîB a well-known establishment of Mr. Gaunt, of Melbourne. During the past week it was placed in the church, in the centre of the facing of the organ gallery, the work of regulating and affixing the clock having been kindly and gratuitously carried out by Mr. William Golding, watchmaker and jeweller, Murray-street. The clock is a valuable 8-day English dial of superior finish, with silent beat, and possessing a decided advantage of a chain instead of a string movement. The frame is of polished mahogany, the diameter of which is 26, that of the actual dial being 19 inches. The introduc- tion of clocks within churches is a practice adopted in the adjoining colonies, where, however, they are so arranged as to be visible from all portions of the church, so as to prove of perfect convenience to those assembled. Thus is judiciously preserved the feature characteristic of Catholic congregations the abstaining of members turning from the altar. Lecture at the Town Hall. - The Rev. J. W. Simmons delivered the third of his popular Sunday afternoon lectures at the Town Hall yes- terday the title of his dissertation being " Whitsun . festivals." There was a very large attendance, the hall being well filled. Mr. Alderman Rheuben occh. pied the chair. The lecture was discursive and interesting, and was listened to with marked attention. St. David's Cathedral. - A meeting of the parishioners and members of the Cathedral congregation is to be held in the Harrington-street school- room, on Tuesday evening, to consider a scheme for raising money for parochial purposes under the Act of Synod No. I of 1875. j Green Ponds The Rev. J. H. Wills, who is spoken of by the well-informed on such subjects, as the next incumbent of Green Ponds, is announced to deliver a lecture at that township, on Thursday evening next, entitled "Church Work and Personal Adventures in Central Africa." The proceedings are to be, enlivened by a selection of vocal and i instrumental music. The Sydney Exhibition According to the official catalogue of awards at the late exhibition in Sydney, Matchless, the property of Mr. E. Moore, of Sorell, took second honours in the colonial class for heavy draught stallions, a mistake having been made in the lists published in the Sydney papers in stating that the prize was awarded to another horse. The amount of the prize has been received by Mr, Moore. Derwent Sailing Boat Club The second heat in the cup race was contested on Saturday afternoon, the Iris, Corsair, Kathleen, and Fleetwing, competing. The course was from the Esplanade, round a buoy off Sandy Bay Point, thence round a buoy off the Slaughter Yards, and back to the place of starting, twice round. The Iris got the start, but was soon overtaken by the Fleetwing and Kathleen, and the boats all rounded the buoy pretty well together. Coming up the river again, the Fleetwing rounded the Slaughter House buoy first, the Kathleen being second, the Iris third, and the Corsair fourth. Upon rounding the Sandy Bay buoy the second time, the Fleetwing was still leading, with the Kathleen second, the Corsair third, and the Iris fourth. The same order was maintained to the finish. The Fleetwing having i thus won both first and second heat, has gained the cup, and this event concludes the boating season. Football A match between sixteen of the High School and twenty-four of the Hutchins School was played at Stowell on Saturday. The High School obtained six goals, three of which were kicked by W. Edmondson, and one each by E. Edmondson, G. Butler, and A. J. Robertson. The Hutchins School only scored one, kicked by H. Butler. Repairs to the WiRY. T.hat portion of the Franklin Wharf between the Monarch's pier and the berth now occupied by the brig Maid of Erin, is shortly to undergo repairs, and men have lately been engaged in fencing it in preparatory to the work being commenced. Tub Australia Blondin. Mr. H. L'Estrange, the Australian Blondín, is announced to give his first illuminated bigh-ropo ascension in the ground of the Southern Tasmanian Cricket Association, on Wednesday evening next. The Ascension will be accompanied by a grand pyrotechnic display, and a brass band will be in attendance. Concert On Thursday evening a miscellaneous concert will be given in the Memorial Hall, Brisbane street, in aid of the Church organ fund. We understand the programme will be an attractive one and that Mr. Chapman intends arranging two or three of these popular entertainments during the present winter session, to augment the fund, and have no doubt that several pleasant evenings will thus be provided, and the laudable object in view accomplished at the same time. Theatre Royal. The entertainment for the benefit of Mrs. Campion, tendered by the members of the City Band and of the Hobart Town Amateur Dramatic Club, takes place to- night at the Theatre Royal. Campbell Town Bazaar -The Campbell Town bazaar will be opened this afternoon by the Bishop of Hobart Town, and will continue open daily until Thursday night. Return tickets at excursion fares, extending from to-day till Saturday next, will be issued at all the stations on the Main Line Railway. Colonel Stkinbehokr.-In the San Francisco mail news, published in the New Zealand papers, occurs the following :-" Colonel Stcinborger's case has attracted great interest in America, The matter was ultimately brought before Congress, when the Government repudiated all connexion with Steinberger In answer to a resolution of the House, Secretary FISH stated that he recognised no responsibility for Steinberger, whose mission was under- taken without any document from the American Government ; furthermore, that the American con- sul at Samoa has been so informed." A Fatal "Spelling Bee." A miner, named James Tate, was recently committed for trial, charged with the manslaughter of Samuel Donnelly, an Irishman, at GisBop. On Saturday, Feb. 5, the two men, with several others, were drinking together in a public-house, and determined to have a spelling bee." A quarrel arose over the word " Hibernian," which the deceased misspelt. The landlord ejected the whole of the disputants from the house, and the quarrel was continued outside, in the course of which Tate seized a brick and threw it at deceased, felling him to the ground. Donnelly never afterwards spoke. A post- mortem examination of the body showed that the skull had been fractured, and an abscess having formed upon the brain, resulted in death.. It appears that Tate declared there was a lag in the word " Hibernian," whilst Donnelly denied that after an additional letter was wanted 