Gil AS! NO A PHANTOM. EXTRAORDINARY ADVENTURE ON A CANADIAN RAILROAD. (Correspondence of Uio Detroit Tribune.) Turn about is fail- pluy. when Jarrett .mil I'almer's fust trail) left Hew York it was full of papers (to " He raid" its approach), and. now tho papers are full of Jarrett and Palmer's fast train. I wouldn't mention this dramatic excursion were it not that it furnishes me with an excuse for inflicting the fallowing yarn about a rapid railroad ride 1 had once upon a time, or rather once upon a locomotive. A few years ago (call it 1873 if anyoue wants to be very particular about il), the Canada Southern railroad was being built. They were laying rails on tho main line, and had it finished about 40 miles west of St. Thomas'. At tho unfinished end were a wild gang of fellows who worked hard all day and caroused to all hours in the night in their boarding-house on wheols. One night the wilderness would re-echo i,ho sonnds of several violins and tho shouts of laughter; the next all would lie silent, and a trade of steel was all that remained of the young men-going west us fast as they could. Old No. 1, that now hauls freight trains from Amherstbcrg to Buffalo, was the pioneer engine, anil kept the workers in supplies, and shifted the sleeping and hotel cars over the space finished during the day, and as the distance to St. Thomas' increased No. 1 had to pulf along livelier over the half-finished track, but no accident over befol it; it took things philosophically, and never went on a bust, always kept straight (on tho track), and although it had a headlight, it could not be said to be light-headed, oven if it did smoke a pipe and whistle at the thought of broken rails or obstructed track, and made light of all the dangers on the road at night, still it always took care of No. 1. One Saturday the engineer asked me to take a trip to St. Thumsis, and as I knew the condition of the track I bado a fearful farewell to my friends -gavo a few directions as to the disposal of my worldly affairs, and started. There were three others on the locomo tive, whose names wore Thomas, Richard and Henry; I may abbreviate these appella tions as I proceed with this sad narrative. We jogged along quietly tQ St. Thomas1, the only excitement being running into a cow, and thesi tlio excitement was monopolized mostly by the cow. It was dark when wo left St. Thomas', and the night was wet. So we crowded iuto the engine cab. I <>iu told a story about when iia used to run a train 111 Pennsylvania, the road was so rough that it shook the headlight to pieces and t.ie night being very dark he concluded top slow and easy to the next station; but unfortunately the train got off the track at a crossing, and ho went two miles down a "ravel road and never knew the dilVeranooVill a i ifate-fceeper stopped him for col). | Thru Dick i,,1,1 i,ow yle wa5 IU ,JU aii otpi-eus train dotm east, and af r.rm plaiv I Whuiu the.u were a ureal many l.nid?^ , norm* tin* hud;, 1m u.i«d to j»et on top »>! the j caw and jump over tho bridges, liku a circus rider over the banners on horseback ; but., | alas, oiio day a farmer was crossing a brid»e' and Dick didn't jump high enough to clear the waggon, so he fell in it, and lost his situation, as the train went on and left him behind, that is to say, in tho behind part of the waggon. Harry, the engineer, casually mentioned now lie was on an engine in Michigan as fire man, and that the engine had such a fearful draught that it was dangerous to open the door to put in wood, and one time he hap pened to spill a quantity of oil on the floor of the engine cab, and when he next opened the door, he slipped like a shot into tho turnace, and was almost suffocated with the smoke before he climbed out of the smoke-ptpe. bee here," said I, how did you get through the flues ?" ".Do you understand anything about an engine 1 asked Harry in a cutting tone. 1 had te confess I did not. " Ihen,"said he, " keep quiet, and don't show your ignorance." The three engino men bent a withering gaze on me and I sub sided. Iii the meantime we rattled along through a Canadian wilderness, and the engineer kept his arm over the bell rope and "lazily pulled the bell to and fro, for tlio track VYJIS unfonced, and we had to give continued warning of our coming; besides, the engine was running backward, as there \v:ia no turn- table at St. Thomas'. Besides tho ordi nary headlight, there was one perched on the top of the cab, which shone baokwards, and by the light of this on the glistening rails we now travelled. Whou we struck into the foiest primeval, tho woods were cleared away just enough to allow the track to be built, and tho wet branches of the over hanging trees scraped along the engine, and tlie headlight illuminated a low arcade ahead that looked like a green tunnel, and once a herd of startled deer jumped across the track one after another, looking like the pictures iliut follow each other in a magic lantern. Dick was just commencing to toll how he chased a bnflalo once, en the Union Pacific, when Tom cried out, " There's a squirrel or some thing" on tho track ; let's run it down." A few rods^ ahead of the engine was some small animal, jumping from tie to tie and running about as fast as wo were. We all commencod throwing sticks of wood at it, and succeeded m missing it. The engineer laughed at our etlorts, and drew oil a couple more notches of steam, determined to Jarreit and Pul merise it in about two minutes, but the little creaturo kept ahead. Sometimes y/o seemed almost up to it, sometimes it disap peared in the darkness ahead, but it never left the track ; some fascination kept. it. be tween the rails, running its wild race for life. The driver, with a keen eye ahead, gave the engine more and inoro steam, till our pace became terrific. Old No. I swayed to and fro liko a ship in a storm, the bell run» out. of its qwu accord as wo rushed along through tho night, eac.ri of us clinging to soiub object in whose stability we had con fidence. 1 And still that strange object kept ahead of us. Some one suggested that it might have been a ghost hiring us on to destruction, but j the driver resolved, like Hamlet, to follow j it, and probably make tour ghosts where one would have doue just as well. So he threw on all the steam the engine would tako, and then we fairly flew over the trackj onward, with the speed of the lightning and the roar of thunder, scattering fire in our wake and piercing the gloom ahead with our quivering headlight, while the shriek of the whistle startled the country for miles around. Now tearing through the forest; than rushing out into tho open fields, and the swaying bell rang out a wild alarm as we sped onward through the night liko .a tornado. Suddenly Tom shouted, «< There's the end of the track instantly tho engino was reversed, and old No. 1 ground and groaned in its efforts to atop. We stopped; that is, the engine stopped when it struck the boarding-house train, but induced us to perform the most brilliant double somersault act ever seen outside of a circus, and also knocked the headlight from the top of the cab, and as it lay on the ground vre noticed some wet leaves sticking to the face of the lamp, and after soine^niuutes' deep study we came t» the conclusion that this accounted for the ghost on the track that wo found impossible to overtake. As we all stood around that flickering lamp we clasped hands and solemnly vowed never to let the outside world know of our midnight ride, and I would never have hinted about it were it not that I believe wo beat the time of Jarrett and Palmey's fast train. 