GEKEBAL NEWS. . A complimentary dinner was given to Messrs.C.Barnett and A. Dunn, at Nairne, on Wednesday, December 6. The occasion was the departure of those gentlemen from kairne, where both were old and respected residents. Mr. Bar nett, who has been at Nairne for the last 15 years, was until lately landlord of the District Hotel, and he now intends to take charge of the Wombat Hotel, at Kadina. Mr. A. Dunn has resided in Nairne for the last 11 years, and has been the manager of Messrs. J. Dunn and Co.'s flour mill. He intends to proceed to the ' Horthern Areas. The dinner was held in the District Hotel, and about 70 gentlemen were present. The chair was occupied by Mr. W. H. Bundey, supported on the right by Messrs. Dunn and Townsend, MP., and on the left by Sir. Barnett and the Hon. T. English, MJ1C. The vice-chair was occupied by Dr. Deane, and a number of influential gentlemen were present. Mr. T. Paltridge, J.P., proposed "TheParlia ment" rather as a compliment to the members present than to the Parliament as a whole, although he had no doubt that it had done much good work, and given a large amount of time to the consideration of the affairs of the colony. This was responded to by the Hon. T. English, MJL.O., and Mr. W.^Townsend, MP. The toast of " The guest of the evening" was proposed by Mr. J. W. Parsons in a very eulogistic speech, during which he stated that those who lived in the town ship had learned to respect and esteem them, and they would part from them with regret. He presented Mr. Barnet with a set of gold studs on behalf of the Court Mountain Glen of Foresters, and Mr. Dunn with a gold locket in the form of a Freemason's compass, on behalf of the same body. The following address was presented to Mr. Dunn: —"Nairne, December 6,1876.—A. Dunn, Esq. —Dear sir—We, the undersigned farmers and settlers in the Nairne District, cannot allowyou to go from amongst us without giving some expression of the high esteem in which you have been held by us during the time you have held the position of manager of Messrs. J. Dunn & Co.'s mill, at Nairne. In all our busi ness transactions with you we have always found you to be a man of strict integrity, in whom we could put the utmost confidence; and while we deeply regret your leaving us, we hope a bright future awaits you in your new sphere. We beg you will accept this watch and chain as a token of our esteem." The address was accompanied by an excellent English lever watch, with a massive gold guard, seal, and pendant, worth altogether about £25. The watch bore the following inscription:—"Pre sented to Mr. A. Dunn by his friends, as a token of esteem on his leaving Nairne. De cember 6, 1876." The Chairman, in handing the testimonials to Messrs. Barnett and Dunn, also made a complimentary speech. Mr. Bar nett Baid it was highly gratifying to him to see that representative gathering, and sincerely thanked the donors of the gift which had been presented to him. Mr. Dunn also responded. He said he had taken considerable interest in political matters, and had tried to do his dutie honorably.and conscientiously. He felt tha he did not deserve such praise as he had re ceived, and he waB highly flattered by the gift of the watch and address. "The Visitors," •fLady Musgrave and Ladies," "The Press," "Chairman," "Vice-chairman,? and "Com mittee" were also duly honored. The proceed ings closed with singing the National Anthem and "Auld Lang Syne." During the evening several excellent songs were given. The following is Friday morning's weather report on the Adelaide and Port Darwin Telegraph Line:—Beltana, clear, hot; StrangwayB Springs, few clouds, hot; Peake, clear, hot; Charlotte Waters, cloudy, sultry; Alice Springs, few clonds; Barrow Creek,clew, fine, hot; Tennaht Creek, clear, fine, warm; Powell Creek, clear, fine, warm ; Daly Waters, clear, fine, hot. ■ Lieutenant Hart-Berkeley, 107th Regi ment, has been approved of by-Her Majesty as Aid-de-Camp to Mr. Cairns, G.M.G., our newly appointed Governor. • The Superintendent of Telegrpahs has courteously supplied us,with-: the: following in formation " A strong shock of earthquake is reported by the stationmaster at Southport, on 6th inst., at 10.40. Mr. Machel says it was noticed at Port Darwin, Southport, and; Tumbling Waters. At Southport the telegraph building shook visibly, and the shock lasted firom l0 to 15 -seconds, having a motion from east to west." i At a meeting of the delegates of the Political Union, held at the Hotel Europe on Thursday evening, it was decided to elect a parliamentary committee to attend to registra tion in the interest of the wages class. | The Rev. Si Mead will deliver a lecture # the Flinders-street Baptist-hall this evening on "The Crescent," or Turkish power and Hahommedanismt .• V A notice posted at the Telegraph Office on Friday, December 8, stated that communi cation was interrupted on tho Port Darwin line beyond Daly Waters. A fire occurred on the Anlahy Run on Tuesday; December .5,: by which: 100 "acres of ■ grate were burnt. It i8 believed to have: been causedby a passer-by lighting his. pipe and throwing down the unextinguished match* : " Two vehicle accidents occurred in Ade laide on Thursday. In the forenoon a pair of horses bolted with a waggonette from some where in Hindley-street, and ran into a one horse spring dray in Bundle-street, opposite Mr. Delaney's establishment. The pole of the waggonette and a shaft of the dray were broken, and other'damage was done to the vehicles.: Two or three hours later a somewhat similar mifchap" took place in Currie-street, a runaway pair with a four-wheeled vehicle coming into collision with one of the spring drays standing for hire opposite.to the Australasian Bank, and completely overturning it. The vehicles both suffered from the shock. By neither accident was either man or beast hurt seriously. _ These dangerous occurrences are too common in this city, and in most instances happen through horses being left standing in the street without any one in charge of them. One of the children on hoard the quaran tine hulk died from;measles on Thursday. On Wednesday, December 6, some of the members of the Port and Suburban Bifle Olub class fired according to the regulations of the South Australian Bifle Association, under the superintendence of Captain Scott. Mr. H. Dewar passed from the third class into the second with 49 points, and Mr. Burns passed from the second to the first class with a score of 43. The remains of the late Mr. P. J. C. Ryan were interred in the West-terrace Ceme tery on Thursday, December 7. Among those present at the grave, besides the deceased's family, we noticed Messrs. G. W. Lewis (col lector of customs), W. H. Cammell, O. W. Stewart, W. B. Slater, F. Malin, T. K. McGee, H. Bullen, M. J. Conlon (custom officers), G.E. Tidemann, H. T. Cruttenden, and J. Wallace. The service was conducted by the Eev. J. Pollitt. The Fakir of Oolu and his company ap peared at the Theatre Boyal on Thursday evening to a moderate attendance. The pro gramme of the previous evening was repeated, and the entertainment was as usual very amusing, laughter and applause alternating all the evening. Messrs. B. O. Fox and J. 0. Sanders were the committee appointed to re present the audiencejf during the rope tying feats, which passed off with success, and greatly excited the wonder of the audience. Mr. andJMrs. Empson were as mirth-provoking as ever in their comic scenes and songs, and Mrs. Silvester's song, " Softly sighs," was much enjoyed. The. pretty illusion of the sleeping beauty and the ghost drametta provoked con siderable surprise and mirth; and the fairy fountain, with its glittering columns of liquid light and its kalcodoseipic changes' of hue and design, making a spectacle simply unique in its beauty, concluded a capital entertainment. 