LOCAL AND GENERAL NEWS. The platform of tho bridge botweon tho Inglowood nml Mount 1'lcosntit lias at last disappeared ; no liorse can cvoss, nml tho passage by people on foot is not unattended with danger. As a largo number of children pass this way going to and returning from school, we shall no doubt shortly beat' of an accident, ?when something will be done in the way of renovation. Wo recommend' those residing in that part of tho goldficld to address a memorial to the lnouer nuarter. We have heard complaints from residents of Mary-street and Caledonian Hill of being nightly disturbed by the cows and pigs, which it. appears are allowed to wander unmolested. It is surely tho duty of somebody to rid the town of this nuisance. In the mining ense Purcell and O'Brien v. tho (ilemiure Prospectors, set down for hearing on Monday next, argument was hoard yesterday before tho Warden on application from defendants that tho case ho adjourned to the following fortnightly sit ting! Mr. Smith appeared for defendants, and Mr. Power for plaintiffs. The application was -lis-- missed, no costs being allowed. Madame Sibly has cortninly taken ?well on Oym pio, and we have reason to bolievo her visit has proved as romunorativo to herself as gratifying to tlioso who havo visited her performances. Tho extent of business sho has done in tho manipulation of heads is something extraordinary, and on Friday night, when tho juvcnilos crowded tlio Theatre, as mauy as fifty wore at ono timo on tho stage for inspection. Last night, on tho occasion of tho benefit to the Oddfellows' Band, tho Varieties wns well attended, and the mosmerio fun appeared to havo lost none of its attraction. Tho lecture dolivcred on tho evening of Saint Patrick's Day, by Mr. Collisson, on tho Lifo and Labors of St. Patrick was well attended, and tho romarks of tho nblo lecturor appeared to bo Wei) .?ippruciatcd by his audience. Mr. Cullinano occu ?picil the chair. At tho close of the lecture tho 'isii.il votes of thnnkn wore passed, after which tanning commenced and was kept up with much spirit until a lato hour. Tho excellent Gympie 'iMiolie brass band was in attendance and, in 'the v senco of Mr. Snoll, acquitted thcmsolves with j.'.rtiat credit. Tho piano was ably presided ovor by ills. Dwyor nnd Miss Hayuos. ; On the occasion of tho dinner to tho Maryborough ?cricketers, Mr. F. I. Power, on behalf of 'tho local ulovHii, presented Mr. H. W. Dnriofos with a bat, on which was inscribed the following : — ' Presented to IT, W. Dnriot?., as a mark of appreciation by Oympio cricketers, March, 1S70.' Mr. Power referred in very flattering torins to Mr. Durietz's unremitting attention to tho ground, &c;, and con Eiidcrcd the buccojs of tho (jympio crickotors in tho lust two matches was a good deal owing to tho excellent ground they had boon used to play on. Mr. Powell, captain of tho Maryborough team, also 1'iid a high compliment to Mr. Duriotr. for tho ,'lomlid wicket ho had prepared, and remarked 1 it his team was pleased to see tho Oyinpio ?ji-ii-kotors acknowledged his onorgy and zeal in tho furtherance of cricket. Mr. Durietz replied in siiitnhlo tui'ins. Tho enterprising proprietors of that rapidly advancing paper tho ' Week' havo made nrrnngo inoutH to publish in their journal, in chapters, a History of Queensland from Separation up to the present time, written by Mr. William Oooto. The author's profaee is, wo must say, a tremendous piece of egotism, of which oven ho himself seems to be conscious, as ho apologiaos for tho fault at tho -nd. Mr. Cooto, however, is ono of tho ablest con trihutors to tho 1'ross Queensland 'possesses, nnd is: well litted to do tho work ho Iia3 undertaken, v AJoriokdt'matoh in -whioh tho mombors of tho Maryborough and Gympio teams took part was pinyod on Saturday.- ; In. tlio evening tho visitors woro invited to diunor, and tho drinking of toasts, &o.;\ waB kept up until about 9.30 o'clock. In our opinion tho Maryborough crickotors, though dofcatcd in tlio gamo, havo vanquished tho Gympio in hospi tality. If the thing cannot bo done handsomoly lot it not fio attempted. This ought to bo born in mind as j regards'tho match with the Alberts. — ' Grubber', in tho Wed; observes :—Criokot is so thorouglily.au1 Englishman's gamo, that it is worthy of remark when you find a 'thorough-broil foreigner at it, liko the secretary of ono of tho Gympio clubs— Mr. Diiriotz. This gentleman is. a noblo: enthusiast of tho gamo, and' is not only tho moving .spirit in Gympio cricket, but a vory good bowler with a poou liar break from loft. [Wo. bog most distinctly to contradict this ; Mr. Duriotz's break is notoriously from tho 'off'.— En. tt- T.]— Ono. of tho English crickotor's coming to tho colonies next sonaon— A. Shaw-r-rccontly porfoiinod a rare foat in a first: clnss match at homo— Gentleman v. Playors— clonri howling six batsmen, including W. G. Grace, G. 'F. Grace, Lord; Harris and Hidley — the best in En glnnd, for six l.ins. If ho bowls in tho snnio.form whou in Brisbane, we shall requiro a. tonin of at Icnst 4i to havo a ghost of a chance of winning. - Some littlooxcitomonthas'bcbn caused in Gympio by tho tclogrnm in the ' Courier1 (which wo quote elsowhore) relative to tho punishment of the perpe trator of a disgraceful assault on Mr. Bailoy, 'of tho ? Cooktown Herald.' It was at once believed that it wns Mr. W. P. Morgan who had got into troublo, but wo could not think so, inasmuch as in tho recent assault on Mr. Bailoy, Mr. Mor'gan appoarod to have suffered most, and. Mr! Bailoy intimated that ho would not appeal 'to tho law.. Tho question is sot at rest, however, by the following telegram in tho 'S. M. Herald' :— A most gross assault, was committed on Mr. Bailey, of tho 'Herald,' on last Wednesday, by :iv wharf labpnror. Ho was tried at tho Sessions, and sentenced to oightedn months' imprisonment'. Tho assault is said; to havo beon the result of certain 'articles appearing in tho ' Herald' of tho 8th instant. Mr. Frank Cum mings hasr. beon nppointpd Post master at Gj mpio, vice James Baird, deceased. Ono of tho gontlomen who does 'loaders' for the 1 Maryborough Chronicle' makes a brilliant attempt in Saturday's papoi- to ' lead' tho public mind on the groat question of stuikes, -it boing highly, impor tant that Maryborough should make no mistake on such a subject. A correspondent, calling himself ' Priddy's Bond,' has wiitton a letter on the topic; ho is evidently somo blunt farmor, or plain-spoken bushman, and it is highly edifying to mark the, con trast between hisj'str.aightfonvard, homely, »Jurdy English and tho exquisite finnikin phrasos,/pf tho 'loador'. Tho corrospondont complains of the ' increase of snnkes' ; tho leading article allndes to ', tho multiplication of reptilian lifo' ; the corres pondent talks of tho ' Laughing, Jackass' ;, tho ' Chroniclo' calls the unfortunate bird '.' the Uncalo, with his mirth-inspiring guffaw' — aw 1 Thcarticlo siiys, in tho same lah-do-dah stylo, ' employers, of South Sea Island labor might do great good by im pressing on their laborers tho iniquity and folly of destroying any portion of the natural enemies of tho snake/tribe. Polynesians, as a rule, have a very wholesome horror of the croaturo that tempted Eve, and if the consequences of their deadly handiwork woro pointed out to thoin, would soon adopt the determination to declare iajm ovory living thine that makes war on his seed.' 'Priddy's Bond, howovor, says bluntly :— 'To tell tho Polynesians not to kill tho jackasses would bo useless ; it would bo advisablo to. make killing one of those valuable birds ponal,' — which wo thinkgoos straight to the root of tho matter. We rocoimnond that tho letters of such Bonsible and experienced correspondents as ' Priddy's Bond' should bo loft alone, and not dono into editorial hash. ? ? At tho Potty Debts Court, on Monday, before the Police Magistrate and Mr. Stevens, tho follow ing cases were disposed of ; — C. Woo^ar v. R. Crnig, goods sold and delivered, £2 10s. — Vordiot for amount claimed with costs of Court Gs., and personal summons on tho Rise and Shino'SOs.— C. Woolgar v. W. Loar, goods sold, .-£5 13s. — The sum of £5 had been paid into Court, anil a verdict was given plaintiff for tho biilanoo with coBts ns in. tho previous case. — T. A. 'Shanahan v. J. Fullerton, meat supplied, £1 Cs. Gd. — Verdict for tho amount with 7s. Gd. costs of Court. — 6. Kitt v. KolUhor, unjustly detaining wedges valued tit £2. — Defendant alleged that tho wedges were given him in satis faction of a debt by tho nian who had boon loft in charge of Mr. Kitt's brickyard. An order was givon for the return of tho wodgea or payment by defendant of 19s., the real value of tho articles, with costs of Court 7s. Gd. Mr. Power forpbintiff. — Bainbridgo wOlncy, goods sold, £1 16s. ljd. — Verdict for tho amount with Gs. costs. — Timothy Molloy v. Wangh Hing, board, washing, &c;, £5 10s. — There was no appearance of defendant, whom Mr. Smith submitted to judgment nnd gave notice of a withdrawal of plea. Verdict for tho amount claimed with (is. costs of Court and 21s. professional costs. Mr. Power for plaintifF. — A. Finnoy v. J. Hurloy, goods sold, £1 ISs. Od. — Verdict for plain tiff with 'is. costs of Court.— W. Scott v. T. W. ICennode.- — This case was heard at the last sittings of tho Court and dismissed in consequence of tho Magistrates disagreeing on tho verdict. The evi dence and legal arguments woro on all material points similar to what had previously boon givon. Verdict for plaintiff for tho restitution of the houso or tins payment by defendant of tho sum of £25 sued for, no professional costs wore allowed, costs of Court 7s. Gd. Mr. Bligh left tho Bench when this case was called on, and tho decision was given by Moasrs. M'Ghio, Couldcry, Stevens, and Browne. Tho New Zealand ' Herald' goes in for the salo of auriferous lands — ' the granting of mining freeholds within goldfields' — as a moans of moro rapidly developing tho goldmiii'ng industry. An Awkwaud Journey. — An amusing inci dent ocenrrod during a recent heavy dust storm in this town (writes tho ' Port Pirio Gazette'). A person of tho malo persuasion was bathing off Knooso's Jetty previous to tho blo-v commencing, and after tho clip had ended and tho wind arisen, ho wont back to dress, and was astonished to find his clothes gone ! Tho unfortunate wight had only two alternatives — eithor to stay where ho was, or walk home in a state of nudity, and tholattorwiis tlio manoeuvre adopted. Piracy in China. — Tho ' Straits Observer' rolates that tho following singular events recently occurred at Siao-fung in the department of Hoo chow : — ' A man who had boon to a market at some distance was returning homo with about 1000 dollars,1 th priceo of his pigs, whon ho waB threatened with an attack from Iho pirates infest ing Lake Ta'lui. Ho solicited tho assistance of somo actors who were also crossing tl ? 'ako, and, for a consideration, thoy agreed to defend him. After a dospornto fight tho pirates woro driven off with a loss of twenty of thoir nnmbor, whilo tho actors only ..lost ono killed. Tho playors proceeded to Siao-furig to fulfil an engagement. In the meantime- tho piratoa, much enraged at tho loss of so many of thoir band, b'ont on rovongo, camo to Siao-fung, whore, haying n great number of friends and afliliatou assistants —a thing common in China — thoy collected a body of 400 or 500 men. This band then wont to tho thoatro in Bmall parties, as if to witness the performance], and at a signal attacked the stngo and company. The actors defended thein solves bravely, and twenty or so foil on enoh sido. Tho audionco roused tho wholo city against tho pirates ; but could got no assistance from tho Cho-hsion of Siao-fung, for he had boon in tho thoatro, perhaps tho most scared of'nlljf nnd — vory likoly thinking that tho roal intention of tho riot whs to put an ond to himsolf — hnd Hod and concoaled himsolf soon after tho fight bogan. Tho actors wore soon reinforced liy somo soldiers and tho townspeople, and tho pirates woro put to fliuht, loaving a numbor of prisoners in the hands of tho victors, who dolivorod thorn to tho Ohe-hsion of Chiang-Sing. Tho victory of. tho actors is attributed to the valour of ono of thoir number, who porformed prodigies; and -it is gonorally thought probable that ho may be ofl'orod omploymont nndor tho Emperor in somo capacity suited to his courngo. ' 