BIOGRAPHY ? ? — v ? HEINRICH HEINE. The icccnt publication of 'The Life, Work, and Opinions of Heinrich Heine,' by William Stigand, elicits the sub joined omments from tho Home News critc: — Heine onoe said to himself that he believed it was part of his mission to draw Frenchmen and Germans together by the attrac tion of his own cosmopolitan culture. In a lesser way those clever brothers in-law, MM. Erckmann-Chatrian, have tried to preach brotherhood among French and German citizens. They have vividly pictured and yet harshly condemned the ways of tho First Napoleon, which desolated Europe and created so many thousands of widows and orphans. Looked at politically, both the attempts of the author of '' De l Allemagne'' and those of the accom plished writes of 'Waterloo' and ' Le Blocus' have been lamentably frustrated. Five years ago France sprang at the throat of Germany, What was the issue? The mighty armies of tho Fatherland poured into France ; the Gaul is further than ever from the waters of the Rhine, to touch which he has for ages aspired; the old Teutonic hatred of France has flamed out again, and all the humilia tions of Prussia and of the minor States, the days of Austerlitz and Tilsit, have been revived in bitterness. The poet's dream has vanished. In truth it cnlv came out of the fabled gale of ivory by which escape all delusive visions. It is only in tho study and the library that we see from Heine's life and writings how completely intellectual and emotional types so alien as those of the countrymen of Voltaire and the coun tryman of Goethe could be fused in one fascinating literary personality. It is not merely that Heinrich — or may we not say in more dulcet accents Henri ? — Heine was bi- lingual, and that it was hard to say which was more charm ing, the French grace of form which stood out so classically in his German poems or the romantic fervour of his French prose, which is odorous, so to speak, of the shades and greenwood of an as yet pagan Fatherland. Heine's genius was still more subtle and penetrating than this. What is the key to it ? The key is that Heine was a Jew. There are two races that have always excited surprise, contempt, and pity, the Zingari, or Gipsies, and the Jews. Of these the first are Aryans, the second are Semitic. There is this in common between them, that both are nomads, and both have no political status. Both have suffered the fiercest per secutions. In Catholic Spain it was the evil lot of the Zingari and to suffer death, contumely, or chains. That extraordinary poem by George Sliot, the "Spanish Gipsy,' powerfully groups all the actors in tho strange history of medieval Spain, and in a pointed way the author makes one of her ideal characters, the astrologer whom Don Silva consults, a Jew, and another, the lovely Fadalma, a Zin gan. Here, however, the resemblance ends between these wandering races. The Gipsy has no moral code, no litera and no religion worth speaking of. Since the time that he and his kindred wandered centuries back from Hin dostan he has scarcely varied or enriched his meagre Indic dialect. The Hebrews, on the contrary, are deeply tinc tured with a belief in the eternity of the moral law. Their nigion has branched out Westward into Christianity, and Eastward into the monotheism of Islam. But our present purpose is to take the poet Heine as a type of another and little- recognized quality of Jewish stock. In their had no secular literature, no science, and no art. Yet their dispersion they have shown an acquisitive power, a suppleness, a mental robustness which are simply marvellous.The Prime Minister of England, strangely enough, was taking away the reproach of Judaism in his novels at the very time that Heine himself in Germany and then in Paris was living proof of the intellectual vitality of Israel. The poet was filled, it is true, with love for Hellenism, but he was at bottom a Jew. It should not be forgotten that the Jews of Alexandria had shown two thousand years before that Athens could influence Jerusalem, and that the centre of monotheistic worship was capable of harmonizing its tenets with the pantheistic deification of the powers of Nature which is of the essence of the Hellenic religion. Heine reproduced this phenomenon in his own fertile brain and ardent passions. This century has never produced another such case of mental and literary cotmospolitanism. And yet, or perhaps we should say therefore, this powerful soul was miserable, was anchorless in the universe. Life to him was the blackest of mysteries, and living, with all its occasional possibilities of exquisite sensations, especially at the close of his days, the sharpest of pains. It takes a long time for German ideas to infiltrate into England. Dr. Colenso found that Paulus, the biblical critic, had anticipated his rationalistic speculations by half a-century, It is only now that an interest has been awakened in Heine, or for the matter of that in the French amatory poets whose manner so much resembles his, Alfred de Musset and Henri Marger. Mr. Stigand's Life of Heine has the merit of being very copious, and without being faultless does so respectably what no other book has done at all that it is sure to be read with interest wherever Continental literature and its authors are read and admired. The information in this biography is derived in part from Heine's own writings, and in part from a number of contemporaries and personal friends of Heine's. We with, indeed, that there had been more of these pre cious reminiscences and fewer of the rather stiff and clumsy prose translations which swell out- and encumber Mr. Stigand's two portly volumes. It would be unfair to call this paste and scissors work, but we must be forgiven for saying that it is rather like it. On Heine's student days at Gottingen and Bonn we shall not dwell. The most interesting incident of his early youth, and one which is very typical, is his enthusiasm for Na polcn. This may seam bizarre and illogical, but Heine's sentiment will be easily understood by the politician or student of modern history. There are two sides to Buona partism, and the Buonapartism of the late Emperor cf ti e French was fashioned on the exact lines of the First Na poleon's theory of government. The best side of Imperial ism, as interpreted on the banks of the Seine and practically applied elsewhere, is tbe old popular doctrine' that the true source; of power is the nation itself, and that all sovereignty in the individual is derived by delegation the formal expression of which is a plebiscite from the whole mass of citizens. Once this authority is delegated, it is instantly transformed into a trust; and, if the chosen emperor be also a military dictator, he must remember that the sword which he wields was originally, put. into his hands by the people for the benefit of the entire com- . monwealth. The ' worser part' of Imperialism is that the predestined ruler of men too often forgets the political trustee, and sinks, as did tho conqueror of Jena, into a cruel despot, only redeemed from vulgarity by his gigantic capacity -for evil. The Napoleon which Heine and his young fellow students hailed began his career as an Im perialist of the noble erder. He was welcomed, not as a Frenchman invading Germany, but as a Liberator — as a practical exponent of the ideas of the French Revolu- tion armed with a salutary sword. For ages the Germans on the shores of the Rhine had been governed by priests who combined a genuine sacerdotal pride with all the haughtiness of secular princes. They had a superficial varnish of French culture. They read Voltaire,' played cards, and kept mistresses. But all their moral changes, were in favour of personal laxity, not of public liberty. Hence Napoleon who followed in the wake of the armies of the Revolution was received by the Rhinelanders as a champion of freedom. All over Germany the petty courts were detested. Drill, taxation, formalism, punctilio were their precedents and attributes. What remained of the Holy Roman Empire was a contemptible antiquarian theory. It was France that had affirmed the rights of man, and it was from France that political salvation was expected. To men like Heine, and the philosopher of Weimar coincided with him—the one being then a man of ripe and full repu tation, the other an eager and sensitive boy— Napoleon was a hero to be adored by the advocates of liberty— and Wellington, the ' Vilainton' of French caricaturists, was held up to hatred. With the Heines of Europe the illustrious Duke of Wellington was a British Pharisee of the stiffest and starchiest variety, a friend of the Holy Alliance, and in a frigid way a supporter every where of tyranny and the Divine right of crowned man ners. When we remember also that Wellington was never so cordially admired and loved in England as was Nelson or Collingwood, it is not surprising that a foreigner should have formed an utterly perverted and unjust estimate of a great man who, with all his virtues, was cold and repellent in manner, and who was the very incarnation of everything which a German student or a French poet could miscon ceive or abhor. Nor ought we to forget that both Scott and Byron confessed the greatness and worshipped the fame of Napoleon. We recommend our readers to omit nothing which apper- tains to tbe biographical details of Heine's life, as given by Mr. Stigand. As for the English versions of his composi tions, excepting the renderings into verse, they may, with impunity, be omitted. Heine's merit consists so much in style that all he wrote should be studied in the original This applies both to his lyrical poems, to his 'Tales of Travel in Germany and England,' and to his 'De L'Alle magne.' This last book was written as a sort of counter blast to Madame de Stael's work with the same title — a sar castic, superficial, and thoroughly Parisian estimate of Germany made by a clever, self-conscious French woman who thought she had made a sort of royal progress through ' Deutschland.' Madame de Stael was a formid able personage, and her arrogance, her turban, and her pencil-case made the modest Schiller, when undergoing a sharp cross-examination, positively tremble. Where Madame de Stael was hard and artificial, Heine was full of life, grace, and beauty. He painted in his book a delightful picture of the legends and ballad poetry of heathen Germany. It is a very treasure-house of folk-lore. France is a pleasant country, but France is prosaic and mundane compared with the ghost and hero haunted ' Vaterland.' On Heine, as a poet and humorist, we cannot linger. Never did mortal man enshrine love, regret, and fierce despair more regally and in a casket of more gloomy loveliness then Henri Heine. Those who unhappily can not read German will find a careful and spirited translator in that English nobleman who is better known in the republic of letters as ' Monckton Milnes.' There is another and sadder side of Heine's character. The pathetic lyrist was also the hypocrite who, with his lips, accepted the Christian faith if not exactly for gain, at least for the sake of ignoble comfort ; the foul and profane writer, many of whose most rebellious and unclean effusions, Mr. Stigand does not venture even to specify, much less to quote. A man is not always bound to write virginibus puerusque, but much that Heine penned was so ribald that it would cause even a seasoned man of the world to shudder when he perused it. Heine died under painful circumstances after a tedious agony, and the worst part was that he alone was answer able for the peculiar conditions of his excruciating punish ment. Worn with sickness, swathed in hot towels, refresh ing his burning lips with a sup of tasteless ptisane, he died an exile from society, a solitary in the gayest and most sociable of cities— Paris. As he said of himself, he was like the leprous clerk in the medieval fable, who wrote poems, who made others radiant with fun and laughter, while he himself had to sound a melancholy rattle to warn off bystanders who were approaching his polluted frame. Henri Heine is a human exception, a study in psychology, a winning literary artist ; but he is not a whole- some teacher — he is not an example. It is useful to note that nature can throw out such mysterious and unintelli gible human off-shoots, such compounds of all that is beau tiful and praiseworthy, of all that is filthy and morbid. Heine's was a true poet's lyre; his hand was the hand of a master in literature. But, alas ! there was that in his sur roundings and in his errors which savoured of the hospital and the lazar-house, and which seemed the very trans formation of an angel of light into a lost and blaspheming spirit. 