: IPSWIOH. f-BOM ODB OWN cdBRBSrONDBNT.T ? My 19. ,_ Weatheh and politics ! ' Always safo sub jeots, and noyor out of season. -Both liable to' severe variations of temperature. Thoso havo b0™ 'i prominence during tho last week, and both havo been, iu hurricane forco. Wo havo had very littlo olso to talk about, and Tory littlo elso has been noeded. Two sensa lional topics aro surely enough at bnco. It is ruo cuo woollen uoinpany. liavo hold their first gonoral meoting, and tho direotors havo presontcd tho shareholders with a very 'satis- factory progress report. A great deal of pre liminary work haB boon done at a ridiculously small cost; aud, without making a yard of tweed, or ovon setting up a loom or a shod, tho chairman ! thought tho shareholders would, if the company were wound-up now, recoivo back the paid-up, capital, with good interest. This is quito astonishing afteiv all tho promoters' swindles that deluded investors -have had to denounce and doploro. Besides this littlo episode, certain centlomon havo hnnn rnn. vassing a portion of tho town to coax savings out of economical folk for tho projected gas works; and they report gratifying success. Wo havo had a concert by tho Ipswich Musical Sooioty which took ilaco on that ovoning of terrible storm Friday ; and which proved tho .magical charm of good musio by drawing a fair number of listeners from their cosy firesides. But theso mu uiu uiumary ripples on tuo current of events. Tho storm roar began on Friday, morning and continued till Saturday ovoning. It camo furiously from tho coast till tho after noon of tho latter day was far advanced, then tho sweeping wind veored round to tho opposito point of tho compuss and swopt down quito ns vigorously from tho west ; then ho rain-clouds, as if angry atboing forced back, let down their aqueous burden ; iu deluging quantity. Lntor in tho oveuing, when tho wind had abated and the rain had ceased, when tho drenched town had beon deserted by tho occasional stragglers of tho evening, there wns heard tho roar of tho swollen Brcmer tearing down in dirty, foaming, rushing torrontij. Tho noxt morning tho sheds on tho wharves wore submerged; tho steamers were in tho contro of 10 stream Bafely moored, but tho sky was °AiiniJ ''I*110 -% throughout beautifully fino. All day Sunday, oallost trains wore running through the town, convoying broken metal from Bundamba to about Grandchcster, whero tho railway ballasting, as also in somo intor voning places, had boon waBhed away. In eovoral places tho line had boon undor water. Thoro has not beon much damago dono hore. Sovoral of tho colliory proprietors havo had thoir stock of coal at bank washed away. Just whon tho storm of tho natural olements had passed away, tho political elements became disturbed. On Monday, littlo was talked about but tho mooting to bo held that ovening inj;ho School of Arts. At tho appointed hour, ^tho crowa concentrated at tne point ol attraction, and filled tho largo hall to tho doors. The details will doubtless appear in another column. I may therefore content myself by referring to ono or two salient features of tho meeting, about which somo difference of opinion has apparently prevailed. As a political demonstration, tho meoting was a decided triumph for tho Thorn Administration. Neithor tho Premier nor his friends claimed for him tho gift of oratory. Admittedly that is a weakness. But it was argued that ho haB not been found wantingin his administration of the postal department. AUU *11*JUU1U£ UUlllfj U, pUUlll, W11U 'WUD, Ul course, open to politicians of all shades and degrees, but it struck me as being just a littlo singular that a prominent member of the Opposition should havo rison to movo on amendment ou tho first resolution submitted to tho meeting. When Mr. Thompson rose for that purposo Ins reception was of a mixed character, and it was, I belicvo, hia private character and citizenship, rather than his politics, which Bcourod for him a candid hear ing; but ho was several limes greeted with the cry ' time, time.' His sentiments about the Premier wero manifestly unacceptable to a majority of tho meeting. And properly so, for Mr. Thompson's best friends must havo re gretted the weaknoss of his arguments, and tho grossness of his personalities. Ho boldly avowed that the opposition to tho Ministry was wholly on, personal grounds. Tho meoting carried enthusiastically a resolu tion pledging tho electors not to voto, in case of an appeal to tho country, for any of tho members who may voto in favour of tho want of- confidence motion now before tho House. Tho amendment andthe original motion wore fairly put, and tho issue was beyond tho shadow of a doubt. Tho second resolution was carried amid somo confusion by an . overwhelming majority. Mr. Pottigrow roso then, bnt waR ro coived by a storm of repellant noises. Ho had not the ghost of a chance of being heard. Tho Mayor loft tho chair onco, returned, and re occupied it. Every endeavour was mado by the gentlemen on the platform' toL quiet tho crowd, but all was in vain. Jock was scotched. Tho populace had no ear' for a man who puts personal grievances in tho plnco of political principles'. And bad is made worse by rccourso to slundorous slang about tho electors of Ips wich. Tho men who opposed. Mr. Pettigrew wero neithor ' larrikinB'. nor '.kids.' ^ 