POPISH UNIFORMITY. , The late venerable Bishop Thirlwallj. of ;St. i David's, a day before his death, /dic tated the foUowing statement. 'The, paper in which it is contained is drawn up in the form, of a dialogue. ; " R. You intimated that you could' not admit the force of the argument,- drawn;by Romish , divines from our. Xiord's /promises, in favour of their church ; ;but .you-did not explain the grounds on which you: re jected it." . -I , should be glad to hear what they are. :-. . . . L.' Briefly and in substance .this : I . cannot - consider ' ail artificial, factitious unity,' obtained by brute force and terror as ! a /work; of the Holy Spirit, to wliose nature .it belongs that all his operations are wrought, not by violence, but by a sweet and gentle constraint, and a px'ocess of conviction and persuasion, acting on the understanding and the will. When the Church had been transformed: from a suffering to a persecuting body, it appears to ihb that it could no longer be rightly- considered, as in all respects the same as that to which the promise related ; land it would be contradictory to the order, of the Divine dealings, so far as they are known to us, that this or any other promise, whether to churches or to individuals, should" have been made unconditionally, and without regard to the character and condition of those to whom it was given. Perhaps the most pernicious and. shocking of all heresies was that by which Arauu- ledge was elevated above goodness ; error on the most abstruse subjects which could occupy the human mind, regarded as the most atrocious of crimes, deserving the severest punishment. Surely the fires of the Inquisition did not come down from, heaven, but were lighted from the pit ; and the Popes, who are considered by their adherents as the personification and embodimentof unity, lent the whole weight of their authority to this false doctrine, and were the most active promoters of the extirpation of heresy by fire and sword ; and this was not a mere passing cloud, which obscured for a moment the firma ment of the Church, but an opinion with which she is possessed as firmly as ever to this day.. " R. You know the arguments which are used to justify the employment of physical force for the repression of heresy, and by which humane and charitable per sons have reconciled themselves to it, " L. Yes ; they are grounded partly on the enormity of the guilt attributed to the crime, and partly on the peculiar danger with which it is supposed to threaten the Church. What offence, it is argued; can be comparable in heinousness to one which destroys the souls of men? And, .again, who would accuse, a physician of cruelty or.; hard-heartedness because he does not hesitate to prescribe a cautery, or "the amputation of an unsound member, which would otherwise spread a fatal .disease through the whole body, though it must cause the patient Very severe pain? But these analogies, t though ... specious, are fallacious.. They rest on the assumption that lack of knowledge, or weakness of ' judgment; which in other matters are thought to .call only for pity or help, in religious subjects, in -which, in proportion to the greater difficulty, of ascertaining the exact truth,, any - alteration would be the r more, pardonable, are accounted criminal in the highest degree. " R. Perhaps you would not deny- that religious zeal has not rarely been sullied by impure motives, and that the founders and propagators of sects have been1 im pelled by ambition, vanity, personal ani- mosities and prejudices, and other motives . -quite foreign to , the simple search, after truth. " L. Such a denial would betray gross ignorance, both of human nature and of history, and is quite needless for any purpose of mine ; but the facts admitted could only serve to prove weakness not wickedness, and this last is what is re- squired to sustain the arguments of the -advocates of persecution. But a simple refusal to conform to the expression of orthodox doctrine, has always been held sufficient to establish the charge of Jueretica pravitas. What inquisitor was ever known . to allow the plea of honesty, earnestness, ' love of truth, and the like as a ground of acquittal or a mitigation of punishment 1 The persecutors can only justify their maxims and conduct by claiming for them selves the prerogative of the Searcher of hearts, and by practically blaspheming the Holy Ghost, by imputing their own un- charitableness to His inspiration. "It. That is awful language, and I \- should shrink from using it when applied to a period of at least comparative purity and fervouiy to which we are- used to look back as tq a golden age. . .. , r . "L. Such reluctance is both natural and right,' -especially when it is a' guarantee that the point in question has been care fully weighed, but it would be unwise to reject the evidence of history, because we . -cannot find a place for it in our system; Ho doubt the actual development " of "Christianity ... was widely , different from that which , >vould have been . expected by ...Christians,, who lived' at the time of our Lord's departure from the earth, both with regard to the prolongation of the period which was' to precede His second coming, and. with regard to the events which were to take place, and the nature of the changes which were to pass on the charac ter of the Church. One who heard ;>the last words of .comfort addressed by Christ to. -His .disciples, might well, be led. to believe that the borders of . the' Church \- were to be enlarged by a series of pacific conquests, and herself to be , constantly .growing in faith, hope, and charity. Such ' expectations, however, were, as we know, . doomed to disappointment.-, " R. You have warned me against in- trading into the secrets of the Divine " government, by unauthorised and arbitrary conjectures; but I hope it is not incon sistent with reverent, submission to - the Supreme will, to consider what conclusions may be allowably drawn from that which is spread before us in the records7 of the (past. ' - ' "L. Such an inquiry - may be both safe and profitable, so, long as we take care, to bear, in mind that what wo see not only includes no, part of the illimitable future, but is no more than the shell and surface of the things that are unseen and eternal. " R. I must own that I find myself be wildered by the vast multiplicity and variety of the phenomena, and unable to reduce them under any kind of general law or theory. You have bestowed much thought on the subject, and I should be glad to hear if you have been more suc cessful. " L. The conclusions to ' which , I have been led "fire partly negative, " partly positive. I postulate two points as essen tial conditions of every Christian view of the subject. On the one hand, I utterly reject the claim set up by . the Church of Rome to be the one and only Church of ' Christ ; the terms on which those preten sions were denounced by ' the Reformers, ' were, in my opinion, not at all exaggerated, however, they may have been tinged by a . glow of righteous indignation. The history . -of the Papacy is, from first to last, a simply -human history, and. that, not only in the sense that every step of it was due to merely natural motives, without any indi- -cation of a supernatural interference, but also in the further sense, that these .. motives were only those of ordinary sel fishness, without any thing truly noble and heroic, even when measured by any human standard, much less- heavenly, but on the . contrary, of the earth, earthy, and such as could not be ascribed without blasphemous folly, to the workings of the Holy Spirit. This, however, does not preclude the ad- . mission which I am perfectly willing to i Tit many, if not . the . greater part tof the Popes, who contributed most to the aggrandizement of the Papacy, themselves -believed in its Divine origin. -The general lack of critical intelligence in those- ages, and the influence of personal interest, not the less powerful because it was unper- ceived, are amply sufficient to account for the fact, and I can easily understand how Gregory VII. plight die with a cry of afflicted virtue on his lips. The sincerity of this conviction imparted a certain dignity and grandeur to their really in iquitous enterprises, and was one of the main .causes of their success, and will probably long continue to exercise a powerful influence on minds of a certain class. The strength of the Papal Church lies- in the weakness of human nature : — (1) in its childish fondness for a pompous and glittering ceremonial ; (2) in its slavish readiness to accept without inquiry any pretensions, however unfounded, if they are only put forward with a sufficient degree of confident assurance ; (3) in the cowardice .with which it shrinks, from the burden of personal responsibility and is anxious to shift it upon another; (4) in the intellectual sluggish ness which makes it impatient (as Thucy- dides observed of the labour required for the investigation of truth) ; (5) in the proneness to substitute outward devotional exercises as meritorious works, in propor tion to the trouble and annoyance they may have cost; (6) and the intolerance with which, especially in matters connec ted with religion, it resent dissent from its own opinions as a personal injury, for which it is ever ready to revenge itself by persecution." The above remarks of the distiugushed historian of Greece deserve the candid and honest study of every genuine Protestant. An ounce of common-sense is worth a ton of sophistry ; so Bishop Thirlwall's dying utterances may be pitted against the vapid moiithings of the rhetorical emissary of the Vatican, Dr. Vaughan. The Rev. Mr. Ivemmis has again come . to the front. We are sorry to say that it is - not with improved intelligence and honesty as a minister of the " Protestant" Church of England.; The report which we give of his exhibition . last .Sunday- , evening is enough to convince the anost, stubborn that. until. some, men are cast out of the Church (for they have not the honour to go) the Church of England will be a scene of perpetual confusion , and dis trust. We honour 'the' Ritiialists who have gone the full length of their .princi ples, al though at the same time we pity their tastes for " millinery " instead: of religion. Their love of the symbolic and aesthetic is very childish. They are vastly thrilled with nodding" at tlie name of Jesus, and turning to1 the East; and they are much edified by the light of candles and the smell of flowers ; but nevertheless this childishness, they are ' honest- when they walk over to Rome and get the , 'heal article." We feel, however, that the Pro testants wlio are Papists in heart and sentiment and yet eat the bread of a Pra tes tantChurch, are destitute of . .the very first principle of all that ; symbols are: in tended to represent— the true.,, v;Mr. Kemmis is one/of these. He is; high and dry. The real presence, sacerdotal non sense, baptismal regeneration and Apos tolic succession are as fully developed in him as they are in Dr. Vauglian ; but it is monstrous to say that the Church of England,, as a Reformed and Protestant Church, holds the same principles which the- Papacy does. But Mr. Kemmis hates the word - ' Protestant ;" and he rejects it because it is not to be jfound in the -Bible' ! But he loves the word " Catholic ;" /yet he ought to know that the wofd " Catho lic " is not to be found in the Bible either j He also hates " Dissenters ;" but, poof man, -liis ha,tred ' is just as harmless as his love ; for notwithstanding the assump tions of his Ritualism, there cannot be dissenters without establishment. .Thank God— -Establishment is; impossible in these colonies. Were; it- in- -Mr. Kemmis' power, so "Catholic " is he, the Act of Uniform ity and the Five- mile Act would be sub mitted to the Legislature that Dissenters and Protestants might have hard times of it. Mr. Kemmis, however, has been born too late. He has been born " out of due time," not before, but after date. If he had lived in the days of Charles he might have been made his chaplain ; pity that the fates have decided otherwise ! But surely, if there be no hope of such Ritual ists, there is hope in the laity of the Church of England. Why do not the evangelical party rise up and defend their principles, and rid the Church of so grievous an incubus ? We ask our readers carefully to peruse the lecture of ex-priest Gerdemann, , of Philadelphia, on the tactics of the Romish' Church in relation to the public schopls of America. . We are delighted to see that the ex-Ffither has advanced to 'Such en lightened views on the subject of primary education. He speaks like a Protestant of forty years standing. As he has been behind the scenes — as he knows intimately the designs of the Bishops, who are the Pope's subalterns — as he has himself been a priest, and required to obey the lordly commands of those spiritual " superiors," called the Bishops of Rome — it may be well understood that he speaks with authority. The plan, then, of Popery is here plainly revealed. And what a cunning and unpatriotic plan ! The priests pretend to be anxious about educating the children ; but. this is a mere blind. What they are resolved upon is, to prevent the children from entering the public school. The priests find out that if the children mix with other children, and acquire the notions and tastes of a free people, they are unmanageable for the Church, and be come too knowing and independent to be " good Catholics." The great virtue in Popery is "submission to the priest;" but the public school, and intercourse with Protestant children, make the young Papists of a free and independent and self- reliant spirit. It is natural, therefore, that the priests should find out that the public school is their natural enemy. In this colony the very thing which Mr. Gerde mann says is plain before our eyes. He talks of the doings and sayings and thoughts of the Church precisely as. if he were speaking of Australia. And his open and noble testimony to the superior teach ing of the public school over that of the parochial or denominational school is pre cisely what every man can say in New South Wales who has ever examined into the facts the children taught in the public school know more of everything, and are far more intelligent than those who are taught in the denominational school : and " godless " though the public school is said to be, the children taught there know more of Scripture and moral truth than those who are reared in the schools where it is said, religious training is the special object in view ? The differ ence is precisely here— the parochial chil dren know their catechism, beads, and prayers, .'while the public school children are trained in knowledge which is not so useful for the designs , of the Church. The whole world, therefore, is now being brought face to face with the designs of " the church." The contest is begun which jisjtp-bring out ,the great straggle, which will ' be long and -bloody and thorough and; final. To have the children is the purpose of , the ; States to have the children is the purpose of Rome. In order that the Slates , may have : the ; children, Governments ' /are demanding that the Ghnrch shall stand aside and keep her own place,, and they are, providing - that the children shall be taught by , public money, those branches of knowledge which1 every , citken,;as;a lover of his country, ought -to "possess ; but in order that " the Church" may possess her ancient power over, the people, she is demanding that the States shall hand over the children to her, to be taught more or less at the public expense, those -forms and superstitions : which will make them the Avilling slaves of' the priests — or, in the elegant language of. Dr. "Vaughan, " Catholics firsthand their own countries' afterwards." , It appears that the "doctissimus Catholicorum " is to be found somewhere .in Queensland. 1 - His unclassical name is Mr. Marcus Mollison.. It'is : said that ho was, educated in. Trinity College, Dublin ; that ; he - is . " one . of the learned of: the learned ;" part - of ' the " cream of the cream the ablest writer and most dis tinguished lecturer in all Gympie, or even Queensland ; that he once in Adelaide con ducted an anti-Catholic newspaper ; but that now he has become reconciled to the true church, and has entered for salvation into the " one fold 1" This case of conver- tion has been duly chronicled in Gympie. Priest'Horan, Dr. Quinn's useful man, has made the event the theme of a special dis course from the pulpit in illustration of this "position," that it is not the ignorant, " but the best learned among Protestants who are seeking reconciliation with the true church." We are told how this won derful event took place : "He was brought up in strong anti-Catholic prejudice ; he knew nothing of Popery unless from hos tile sources; his prejudices were confirmed by Scripture texts ; but op studying the " ramifications" of Protestantism a change took place in his mind towards Popery. Hence he began to defend it in a humble way ; and when" Milner's "End of Con troversy" was put into his hands, he felt that as in the main, that work was un answerable by him, he thought the best way was to go over at once to the Catho lic Church ! -Such is the account of the conversion of this "doctissimus Catholi corum," that is, Mr. Marcus Mollison ! And then proof is given us that his conversion is perfect, and that now he is a most use ful member of the Church : " He is most punctilious in making the sigh of the cross before and after meals in mixed society ; he abstains from flesh meat on Fridays ; he is most strict in observing fast days ; and he defends1 the language and cere monies of the Mass and such like." Is there anybody among bur friends in Queensland or Adelaide who can tell us the history of this prodigy from T.C.D., Ireland 1 Is he in his dotage 1 ' Is he given to drink ? Is he broken in charac ter somehow? Is he sane or a lunatic 1 We never bet ; but we feel inclined to lay long odds that there is some reason for this conversion above and below what the priests in Queensland give; for of all silliness this is the greatest that a really learned and reasonable man could be " converted" by the trash which is said to be the " End of Controversy ;" it is beyond all credit. The fruits of the so-called con version give additional ground for the suspicion that there is some screw loose in the Gympie " Doctissimus." Poor man, he makes the sign of the cross before he takes his dinner ; and if there be " mixed society " in the hotel, he makes the sign of the cross after he is done as well as before he begins! "What devil could dwell in the plates or the chops and potatoes after a double score of the terrible sign? Then, poor man, he has become so spiritual that to eat flesh or "carno,'' on a Friday he would consider a practical reversal of his conversion. Thereupon hie eats only fish and eggs and butter. As to fast days he is very rigorous in observing the commandments of the Church. We hope he is not content to feed during the holy days on the "host" only; If he is, per haps he will reach the sublime height of beating the little wonder girl somewhere in Belgium, who never ate anything at all for 40 days ! Then, dear Mr. Collison, " defends the language of the Mass and such like." It has much need, for all the defence which the Mass has hitherto found from other " doctissimi Catholicorum " has either made infidels of reasonable men or turned -them into heretics. W e recommend that Mr.- Collison should add to the proofs qf the genuineness of hi3 conversion " the discipline," commonly called "the scourge with nine, or ten, or twenty tails."1 If -priest Horan will give the humble, . neophyte about twenty strokes morning and evening, - for the good of his soul, for about a month, perhaps the ; convert will be converted again by being brought back to his sound senses. V. : '' \- We give the following from. " Pole's '- Catholic 'almanac for 1876." , It ought to cure the loving propensity of , Protestants- for Romish women. Some men are so . -absurd as to look at the Canaanitish women whom the Church brings into their neighbourhood, and, in spite of the hun dreds of instances of mischief seen around them, they,/ will court, propose to, and marry those women. They don't know what humiliation is in store for them until it is, in most instances, too late : and then, when they _ discover it, to their shame bo it told, they will rather consent than stand on their manliness ; and they will allow the priest to tcome between them selves- and their wives even before they :are wed, and dictate about their 1 children before they 'are born ; in fact, granting -to the bachelor priest, of Rome that he shall rule the wife and husband, aud reduce the husband to the mere " male party in the concern," who is necessary to provide the weekly money, and necessary to propagate youthful Papists ! If the following, taken from a Romish almanac, and therefore published with certain authority, does not disgust them, and drag them up from their unmanly degradation, nothing .will, and they deserve to suffer the ignominy destined for them " A mixed marriage— that is, a marriage between a Catholic and one who, though bap tized, does not profess the Catholic faith — may not take place without a dispensation ; and the dispensation cannot lawfully be given unless for a sufficiently grave reason, and subject to the following conditions ; — (1.) That all the chil dren that may be born of the marriage shall he baptized and brought up in the Catholic faith. (2.) That the Catholic party shall have full liberty for the practice of the Catholic religion. (3.) That no religious marriage ceremony shall take place elsewhere than in the Catholic Chnrch. The first condition is necessary because children who are not brought np in the Catholic faith are brought up out of the only re vealed way of salvation. The justice and necessity of the Becond condition is evident. With regard to the third. condition, the Church teaches— 1 That when the State recognizes he marriage as valid that does not take place before . a Protestant minister ; . and when, r-lierefore, the Protestant minister may, in suck respect, be re- — Mi— — juflea as a civil functionary. Catholics may ' lawfully go through a form of marriage in his presence for the purpose of obtaining civil -validity for their union, and of .having their future offspring acknowledged as legitimate. S. That when no such necessity of . the ciJll law «1iib« (and since 1837 it has not existed in jRaglalid) the marriage of a Catholic before a -JCrotBstant minister is a grave sin, as being a .ardligious act — a participation in the religious antes of those who are separate from the Catho lic Church ; and; therefore, a sacrilege, and (as fhefibly See has declared) an implicit adhesion rdolteresy." letters, which we publish from the ' Mmndon Times between a clergyman of the JEnglish Church arid a priest on the subject ,f . the latter's perverting the son of the /former and "reconciling him to the \- CJhurch," are instructive as showing us &Ow.; far the principles and dogmas of the dhurch of Rome will lead its priests and agents to interfere with the families and domestic peace of Protestants. The clergy- man complains that the priest not only perverted his son, but taught him how meritorious and right a thing it was to dis- obey his parents and deceive them for the good of the true church. He must save his soul by lying to his parents, and by re- nouncing his connexion with them ; he must tell his father minister of the Church of England is damnable falsehood, and that, as he in tends to save his soul, lie must leave the jarental roof and join the holy brother- hood of the holy Catholic Roman Church ! And the priest does not deny the charge, but actually justifies his action, and scorns the anxiety of the afiiicted father, and adds the insult to the injury yet fresh of con- juring the father, on the peril of his soul, fto follow the example of his son, for out of the holy Roman Church there is no salva tion ! If all this had been told by a Pro testant as only possible, and as really the issue of Roman dogma, the howl would have been heard to the ends of the world, \- — " Protestant bigotry, and the slander of Orangemen." But here we have it in tblack and white from the pen of a priest. There is no mincing of the matter as stated and reasoned out and justified by the priest. His clerical superiors will doubt- less feel that he has been " imprudent " in revealing too much by ardent zeal. They will possibly rebuke him and re pudiate his actions. That lay flunkey of tite Church, Sir George Bower, has already asked the public not to judge of the action of the one priest as properly attributable all the priests. He has said that this one priest has, shocked him ; but that the case is exceptionable. - This is only a ruse, and a very discreditable one, to cover the shame which such Romanists feel when their principles and dogmas are fairly worked out to their natural results. But it is no use.' A blab is a very uncomfort- able person to conspirators : the tell-tale of the Gunpowder Plot disappointed the Church, but saved the nation. So with this priest who has been manipulating the son of an English clergyman ; he has done mischief ; but it will turn to good — especially this, the milk-and-water Pro testants will now see that in our most severe strictures on the Romish Church and her spirit, we have never yet told more than half the truth. Nor is it pos sible to tell all. Who can fathom " the depths of Satan?" The charitable and peace-loving Protestants never go below the surface ; but there is no bottom to the pit of Rome's villany and wickedness. 