CHRIBTMAS TIDE. Beautiful indeed are all the festal occasions of the year, subdividing time by their regular recurrence, and diversifying the dream of human lifo as it glides away between earth and heaven. They are like ancient churches, which we meet as we pass along upon our mortal journey, green with the ivy of centuries, sanctified with the prayers of generations, precious to us for the clustered memories of ages which are around them, and sacred for the softening and purifying influence which the light of their--pictured windows seems to carry with it to tho soul. Amongst all those hallowed festivals there is none, however, so welcome to the heart as the happy, holy season of Christmas. It is essentially the feens of " other days," and one which brings before us the tenderest and brightest recollections, images fairer and dearer far than the realities still visible; the one which awakens those echoes of the past that at other anniversaries are silent as the dead, Then it is above all other times that we retravel the windings and wanderings that our feet have trodden since the remotest hour at which memory pauses, baffled as she vainly tries to penetrate the impervious darkness that shrouds the few first fo'r.ever.forgotten years of our wonderful existence:. Then it is that we gather again, in imagination, the primroes that gave form to our first childish emotions of beauty ; then we dash again with bounding heart amongst the playmates of our boyhood, and live once more the brilli. ant, stormy days of youth. It brings back to us for a moment the innumerable array of visionary thoughts that keep deploying as if from one eternity to another, now in dark and sullen masses, now in long and dazzling lines, brightened as if with opear-points and standards ; now accompanied with music warlike and tempestuous, now with flutes and soft recorders," not breathing perana of victory, but hymns of peace. Then it is that the phantasmagoria of bygone life dance upon the shadowy wall before us, and the mind is thronged with " thoughts that, like phantoms, trackless come and go.' Memory steals to our side, bearing in her hand the prism of imagination, through which we look into the long vistas behind us, peopled with the old famliar forms, which we cherish the more fondly that we may never see them more; for thea it is. 'hat ate gives us back the dead, l'en in the loveo,i at lo'ks they were. On that day the mother thinks of her children scattered through the world, and the deepest emotions of hbr heart are stirred: and many a one that has sought a home in other lands, and is fain to own tlhem a more prosperous abode, longs to be once more amongst the merry groups in his childhood's home. That ehilldhood's home I-how it rings, like a glove is spring, with the din of crea tures blither than all the birds in the' world I How bright the holly bough locks down upon their happiness I How cheerily burns the ynle log, like an altar.forge where lisnks of affections are welded, never to be broken I What a thrill the pleasant song sends through these innocent hearts I What kindliness beams in the eyes of all, as they seem gathered together round the holy well of love which springs up at Christmas time in the arid deserts of life I There, beside that home, is is the old churohyardl where we often climbed to reach the starling's and the martin's nest; there lie the loved and venerated, for whom, even now that so many years have passed. we feelin this hushed and solemn hour as if it were impiety " sb utterly to have ceased to weep for--o seldom to remember, To how many a render of this will these remembrances recur T- remembrances of old lands and old times-remembrances of a Christmas that Australia can never know ? the days are dim in these old, beloved scenes, the nights hold long and droeary sway, the windows nare fretted with arabesques of frost, the wind is moaning with melancholy sound, the plains are covered with a snowy mantle, and the woods are wreathed with Parian whio. Everything around recalls to us the thousand associations which are attached inseparably to the season in our minds. But here, in Australia, all this is changed. Coming, as it does, in one of the brightest months of our burning summer, and 'ppeal. ling by none of its natural surroundings to any of t!e sympathies which are linked with the traditional 'hristmas of our affections, it is Impossible that this festival could be celebrated in a similar manner. Some sturdy sticklers for antiquity may, it is true, attempt to copy, even here the old domestic rennions which were wont, to mark the sesnon o n their earlier years; but who will say that a dinner in the shadiest room to which the breezes are courted through open lattice, is anything like the groaning board made ruddy with the plow of a blazing hearth 1 No ; with us Christ mas is and must ever be, a lay of al fresco enjoyments. We, cannot, even if we we would, transplant to our shores the old holiday, as the Pilgrim Fathers did. Nature woos us abroad with her sunniest smile, and we cannot refuse to fly into her arms. Picnics, and not dinner nparties, and the social gatherings of an Au.stralian Christmas ;and the warm diiningroorn of our youth is exchanged for the cool nook beneath the trees, ~r the plenraant waters of the rivers or the bays. Green banks, gay dresses andi plashing ours-lthese are moren nsociated with Christmns as it exists for us than evenl the holly berry and the mistletoe which are twined around its memory in our hearts. If we think of the Bible narrative and of the beautiful night-scones there brought. before us, from the time when the pastoral lay was broken by a voice among the stars to the flight of Mary and Joseph into Egypt, we must feel that Christmas loses nothing in its suggetiveress Iocauseo it falls at a season when the nights are so gloriously beautiful as they are with us. It has been also said that tie cold and dismal aspect which nature wears about Christmas-time at home, gives all additional zost to the home pleasures to which Chritsmas is there so peculiarly devoled. But we cannot help thinking that, if we have less of indoor enjoyment, we have also less of the debasing riot which too often attends highdays at home. So that, taken all in all, though we may suffer a little from the heat and dust, and though we may look rather brown and olenginous at our amusements, the " merry. merry bells of yule " may ring as appropria tely in our beautiful summer as they ever did in the frosty winter of other climes. After all, even the English Christmas itself has changed, andis almost as different as m Australian one from the jolly royster ing Christman of former times. To be sure the shops are still gay, the streets are full, and all the journey men of all the tailors are put in requisition, the hatter brushes up his hats, the milliner beguiles young ladies out of their coin for the winter colors of the Modes du Mois, and the furrior's shop has in it a world of comfort. There is sometimes still an odour haunting the corners of streets where women sell baked apples and piemen loiter with their hot temptations. spiced gingerbread is still vauntingly proclaimed, and managers of thentrers and pastrycooks are in all their glory. Pantomimes and cakes abound, and one gaudy nigh t succeeds an. other, till we almost grow tired of feasting and lato hours, and the company of chil dren. Business is but a name, a.,d drollery is the order of the day. Tragedy roars her gorgeous heand jewelled and crowned, and s" ceptred pall comes sweeping by." Har lequin, too, is weicomed still-that glittering mystery, a thing between fairydom and humanity. Columbine is admired, and Pantaloon applauded ; both, it would seem, born for nothing but to dance and smile for the pleamsro of enraptured thousands; The play bills still flaunt about, disclosing the secrets of the coming night, and they are as mysteriously magnificent as ever in the announcement of wood demons, horsemen and vaulters, brazen shields and fatal masks, fire eaters, jugglers, and quadrupedsof every variety of shape and of intelligence, White, black, and grey, with all their train. We may even at times hear the touching carol of the waits as it rises through the silence of the night, and the maiden's eye will still melt at the tale of love and her hand fling down from her open casement the bright silver piece, the guerdon for the grateful song. The postman, and the charity boys, and a host of others, even yet expect their Christmas.boxes, New Year's gifts are exchanged between friends and relations. In Ireland the wren is suspended on St, Stephen's Day from the holly bough, surrounded with all the bravery of ribbons; guisers go about the street in Scotland, on New Year's Eve, uttering a wonderful jargon and performing antics of the most extraordi nary kind; and everywhere throughout the British Isles kings and queens abound on that last of Christmas holidays, the gay Twelfth night festival of snow-white con. fectionary, of cakes and beans. All this, it is true, we have still ; but where now is the " right-hearted revelry of ancient days 7" Where now is the manchet, and wastol-bread, and peacock-pie of by gone banquet'ng ? Where are the slaughtered beeves, the broached wine- casks, the huge barrels of nut.brown ale? Where are the embroidered-coated heralds and the scarlet-coated pursuivants, the wandering knights and toil worn pilgrims? Whore are the holy brethren, with sacks and wallets, gathering largesse ? Where is the troubadour on his palfrey rich with spangled housings ? Where Snow the Lord of Misrnleo, the Abbot of Unreason, the Boy Bishop, and the Master of Marry Disports? Where are the hobby horsecs, the dryads, the Irish dresses, tile buciram jerkins, and the drunken masque? Where is Palaphilos, Prince of 8ophio, and the "most mag nificent and renowned Thomas, Prince of Alba Fortunata ?" Where are the brawn and mustardl that were eaton, and malmsey wine that was so freely drunk in those old carousala ? Where arie Sir Randle Rackabito," Sir Morgan Mumchanco, Sir Fraucle Flatterer ? Whore is passed the glory and the deam 1 So much, in fact, has changed that some one, with a little poetic exaggeration, has said : Goaso are all thess golden days of ore; Whoa Ohriatime was a high day ; Its pots we new shall ace no more; i 's turno.1 Into Good Friday. We know not if even Bhakespore's des Scription of the Night would hold good at Spresent, when he tolls usthat, liver 'gainst that season eames . herewith our avriour's birth is solehbrated; I The bird of dawning singeth all night long, SAnd then they say no us piritcan walk absod I he nights are wholesome theon; no planets sitrioe. No flry sakes, norwlos hsa power to charm, o8 hallowe and so gracious is the time. It Ohristinas has boee changed so much Sathomo, dt Is not strange that it should i assumo a diifreteit form In a clmo where al most ovcrythisng ds.oompletely revorsed, Nor is this even o be regretted. We must have a Christmas of our own-an Australian equivalent for the Wintry anniversary of our ancestors, wreathed with summer flowers, and surrounded with the associations of a poetry racy of our sunlit soil. It is with this idea that we present the public of these colonies, with this sketch, which will speak to them of the life they live, and of the scenes by which they are surrounded. We anticipate, therefore a hearty wel. come for the few native flower,, which we have gathered here to take the place of those which can only flourish in another land, There are, however, many old usa es connected with Christmas which are as well suited to our new home as to our old one, and happily they are the beat-the only ones worth preserving. Amongst these, and next only to the charity of Christmas, are the delights of social and do mestic intercourse, which its genialspirit tends so abundantly to promote. In these gather ings Chrlstmas seems to demand almost as a right his tribute of tales, and songs, and jokes, and riddles. We cannot refuse it. It is the insoiration of the season, and it will seize us quite as pow'rfully by the side of the sinuous Yarra as in the comfortable home at Bloomsbury or the West End. In the old daysn we naturally delighted in the old tales. Then it was that our literary horizon was peopled with dragons, lit up with fiery chariots, and beantified with magical rain bows. Then did Ilue Beard sweep felorcely by-a stern image of mysterious and fero cl'us pomp, composed of Persian satrap and (Grand Turkl-with all the parade of cagels and slaves and waving banners in his tfain. Then did we penetrate the high and tangled woods, in which the Sleeping Beauty lies concenled ; and we accompanied poor little Red Itiding Hiood through the green lanes, wistfully peeping at the " cheese cakes" andl 'the pat of butter" as we went along: Then, too, did we love to stray in the realm of Oberon, in whosecrown the jewels are dew drops from the pearliest rose-that world In which a harebell is a palace, a primrose a hall, an anemone a cup, and a daisy a shieling. How we longed to be possessors of that butt of dew which,in the form of a hazel nut filled with the tears of morning and evening, shall be presented to the inspired barb of our earth who, by the music of his lyre, shall lay all the pipes of the Silent 'oople mute, and charm the tiny emperor asleep on his Tltania's bosom beneath the unconscious honey moon that hangs like a cresset in the heaven of Fairyland I With what mysterous awe we saw those sprightly elves riding in long and beautiful arrays by the lightof the moon,or sittitigin seven circles inl the bottom of a deep ravine, drinking nectar out of cups of silver and gold no bigger than the dew-cup flowers. How their wild unearthly eyes, all. of one bright sparkling hue, tarned upon us at the same moment, anti how their undistinguished whisperings sounded fearfully in our cars I Then, too, was it our delight to listen to the wild legends of witch and warlock, in which we were borne away to the blasted heath to hear the gibbering of Paddack and Gray malkin. "fhe air bath bubbles as the water lath, and these are of them." What a gbhatly atmosphere enveloped these weird sisters these illomenoed beldumes I What a hellish spirit seemed to breathe through their skinny lips I What a fierce compression of their choppy fingers, as they uttered their salemn prophecy-half bension half malison foreboding voices that, with hideous shrieks, syllabled men's names in " antres vast and deserts wild I" More frightful still, and perhaps more fascinatingly dreadful wreo the ghost stories, which made the hair to bristle and the heart to quake. The stories are all, no doubt, as old as the hills, but we knew nothing of that, and they were none the worse for their want of originality. We little imagined then that the jokes at which we laughed so heartily are .in Hicrooles, and that he again is but a revival of the jesters of the East. It is the stme in everything. Punch, who castigates Judy for the benefit of the street audiences is the Arlechino of Italy-the descendant of the Fesconnines-the regular representatives of the drolls of the golden age. The very oantripes of our witches, their hell broth and cauldron are all in Apoloius, who is himself but an echo of times much older, a dim shadower forth of mysteries by himself not understood. Ghosts have flourished in all their glory from the earliest times, and we know of no addition to their terrors. There is nothing in the castle of Otranto-nothing in the mysteries of Udolpho, we mean nothing of incident, that the world has not heard before, The White Lady of Avenel, piercing the centre of the earth, and singing her wondrous songs, is to be found in many a fabling saga. HIere again it is true that "there is nothing new under the sun." But little we cared for that as long as we were tamnsed orinterested, or even tolerably well terrified. Christmas was the time for joke, and song, anti story; they were a want of the season, and we had them; and whether they were new or old, they are amongst the pleasantest recollec. tions that we have. We need say no more. Bless you, my gentle masters and mistresses all I May mirth and happiness be with you. We pledge you in a cup of brightest Australian wine I Wassail to you and yours and all I All health I 