NEWS OF THE DAY. Last night's rain made the Kensington Park racecourse so heavy, and the weather to-day was so unsettled, that it was considered advisable te postpone the race meeting which was to have taken place to-day. This de cision was not arrived at nntil about tea 'clock this morning, and would unquestion ably cause a great deal of disappointment, although of course it was uaavoidable. To-day being the anniversary of the pro clamation of the Victorian Constitution, wss observed bb a close holiday in all the law courts and lawyers' offiocs, and by tho banks and the Qevernment departments. The day, however, wns very unpleasant, and the liberated civil servants, law and bank clerksi and others, could not have enjoyed their holiday very much. HiB Excellency Sir G, F. Bowen, accom panied by Sir Hercnles Robinson and mem bers of their suiteB, left Spencer street station at 10 a.m. to-day by special %rain for Kyneton. Tho object of the trip was to visit the Kyneton Agrionltural Society's Show, which opens to- day, The special train would reach Kyneton boob after eleven o'clock, and the vice-regal party are ' to return to town at an early hour this even ing. The Viotoria Arcade was formally opened yesterday afternoon by his -Worship the Mayor. There was a large attendance, the principal attraction being a concert given nnder tho direction of Mr Ferraton, to which the admission was free. To- day business was fairly commenced by the tenants who have leased the shops. During the day the araade, notwithstanding that the streets were comparatively deserted in conseqnence of the web weather, was visited by numbers of people, and the shops — nearly all of which are leased — appeared to do a tolerable business, considering the circumstances, i he variety of business for which the shops are occupied is large, and the display of goods nnnBually extensive. In all probability, judging from present appearances, the arcade will be a greater snccess, from a business point of view, than was at first anticipated, The arcade itBelf is distinguished by its loftiness and handsome finish, as well as by a m'ost complete system of lighting, whioh, whilo excluding the sun's rays, affords plenty of light, even in the interior of the shops. Interest in the cricket match to be played on the Melbonrne Cricket Gronnd on Boxing Day and the two following days, is increasing daily with the presence of the All-England Eleven. The professionals have to proceed to Sydney and play there first, but still the match here is looked for ward to with keen anticipation, and of' course Victorians, who are determined to in vest on the result, prefer to bet on the Mel bourne match, as they can estimate the strength of tho local men better than they can judge of that of the Syduoy team. There have been some opportunities ef witnessing tho Englishmen at practice, and their bowling power is universally admitted to be far beyond that of any team that has ever previously visited this part of the world. It is understood that the Eleven will first meet eighteen colonials, and generally it 1b considered that if they are judici ously chostm, Victoria will be represented by a stronger team than has ever yet been the case in All England matches. In spite of this the Englishmen are decidedly tho favorites, the bowling having frightened many who, before they witnessed it, were inclined to pin their faith to the colonials. BookB have bsen oponcd on the event, but betting is somewhat slack, as there is a Blight difference of opinion as to the odds that oaght to be laid. Layers offer six to four on tho Englishmen bnt the supporters of the colonials are sticking out for a point more, and de mand 7 to 4, whioh the bookmakers are loth to concede. Tho conBeqnenco is that vory little business is done. The Sydney match will, however, settle the oddB to some ex tent, An uncommon depth of rainfall for the month of November has been recorded this year The amoant whioh has fallen from the 1st instant up to 11 a.in, to-day is as follows : — 1st, 0.214 ; 16th, 2.672 , 17th,- 0.297 ; 18th, 0,046 ; 19th, 0.838 ; 20th, 0.021 ; 21st 0.086 ; 22nd, 0.332 : 23rd, 0,167. Total) 4.663 inches. Daring the whole of the present month np to oleven o'clock this forenoon, the rainfall amounts to 4,24 inches, while the average rainfall for November is 2,24 inoheB, Tho greatest rainfall in November, registered during the last eighteen years, was 4,60 inches in 1872, There is at present a prospect of a oomtin'nahce of -the rainy and squally weather which wo have had lately, and whieh is experienced nil along tho coast. . We are indebted for tha foregoing information to the authorities at the Melbonrne Observntory. It is notified elaswhero that the Kensington Park races bavo been postponed to the 2nd December, The Taamasinn Steam Navigation Com pany's new steamship Mnngana, passed Capo Schanck shortly before 10 o'clock this morning, inward bound from Hobart Town, on her first trip under steam since leav ing the docks at Glasgow. It will bo remembered that she arrived at Hobart Town from Glasgow, under sail, a few weeks back to the order ot the above compaay, and is intended for traffic between that port and Melbnumo. Biuco then her machinery has been fixed up, and tho , crew set goine, No trial trip will be made down the Bay on this occasion, as it is intended to sail again for Tasmania on Saturday after noon next. This morning's seder nut of the general Presbyterian Assembly of Victeria was a most harmonious ono. Everything went smoothly. The Rev. J. K. M'Millnn an nounced that he had been requested to coud net divinj service on itundny next, in the Church at Beech worth, hitherto presided over by the Rev. T, K. Ewing. The Rsv. Mr M'Millan remarked that it would be his ondeavor to restore peace and harmony to this Church, This gentlaman's remarks were received with considerable applause. The rev. gentleman nas been unanimously appointed to undertake the duty of the Beech worth Ohurch by tho Assem bly. Mr Balfour moved the fol lowing resolution whioh was agreed to, That this Assembly instruct tho ministers and probationers of this Church to offer thanksgivings in tho congregations where they officiate on Sabbath next to Almighty God, 'or the abundant rain with whioh he has so mercifully visited this land. His Excellency the Governor entertained the German naval officers now in Melbourne at Qevernment House, last night, at a dinner and ball. Lhe affair was most enjoyable. The Rev. J, M'Millan announced to the General Presbyterian Assembly this morning that ho had been appointed to officiate in the pulpit of the Becchworth Church, hitherto oocupied by tho Rev. B, K. Ewing. The rev. gcntloman expressed his belief that he would he able to restore, peace and harmony to the church. It may safely be predicted tlint Mr M'Millan 's couch during the ensuing week will not be a downoy one. Wo have been shown 0 very pretty little pyramid, composed of different minerals, of various colors and sizes, by Mr H. Flatow, at the establishment of Messrs James M'Ewan and Co., Elizabeth street. It is tastily put together, and would doubtless look well in a cosy parlor or minaturo drawing, room. The well known ocean trader, Rodney arrived in Hobson's Bay about noon to-day from London, after a moderately fair passage of about eighty -two days from port to port. She left London between the 1st and 2«d of September InBt, and ran down the English Channel with anything but -a- favorable wind. Adverse weather prevailed through out the . passage, with but few intermissions, compelling Captain Louttit to bo longer an the voyage than was anticipated. Messrs wb, Crasby and Co. are the agents- We understand that negotiations are pending between the Warrnambool Steam Navigation Company and Messrs Robinson and Lilly, for tho purchase of the lattcrs' well-known and popular steamship Julia Percy. The price has not yot been fixed, nor is it likoly, notwithstanding the nego tiations, that tho owners of the vessel in qnestion will dispose of thoir interest in her at presant. A man named Henry Wood, aged 33 years' and living at Emerald Hill, was admitted to the Melbourne Hospital to-day suffering from fracture of the leg, caused by his acci dentally falling off a plank on board tho s. Albion, A enrions passage, refcrriag to this colony, appears in tho Quarterly Review for 1809, which may ba seen at the Public Library. It ia in a review of Poron's Voyages, a French pn elication, M. Peron, ignorant of the discoveries of Flinders, thought himself the discoverer of the whole coast from Wilson's Promsntory to Cape Lenwin, aDd gave French names to all the headlands aad in lets, He reports upon Hobsoa'a Bay as an immense gulf, about sixty miles long, to which he gave the name of Gulf Josephine, in honour of the spouse of Napoleon. The Emperor himself altered this name to Gnlf Marie Lonise, having divorced Josephine in the meantime, Onr familiar Cape Schanck, Otway, Port Philip Heads, Ac., were christened after Napoleon's generals and statesmen, Talleyrand, Marmont, and so forth. Mr Mastora, Acting-Town Clerk of Mel bourne, has received a letter from Mr B. G,. Fitzgibbon, the Town Clerk, stating that he will return to his duties by the next mail. His Worship the Mayor, and Messrs Wilton, Prince and SHtkerland, J's.P., at tended at the City Court this morning and cleared the sheet ef - the night charges. Some dozen or so of inebriates were dealt with, according to their deserts, a conple of ancient vagrants were sent to the Melbourne Gaol — which is rapidly be coming a poor house— for six months, whilst a woman charged with petty larceny, was, it being a Government holiday, remanded till to-morrow. A female, lodged in the cells last night, on a charge of drunkenness, was unable to be brought- before thoir worships, as her complaint was rapidly developing itself into an attack of mnsical delirium tremens, and Bho was therefore remanded to the gaol to suffer a recovery, Among the gentlemen who passed tho medical examination yesterday wore Messrs 8\. Woinarski and Mr Paidey. We have received a very charming little song, composed by Mr Charles P. Williams, and set to music by Mr J. T. M. Johnson, entitled, Tell Me Again Dear. Tho words are so arranged as to suit either lady or gen tlemen singers, and the composition as a wholo is highly creditable to colonial musical talent, Mr Candler, district coroner, held an in quest at tho Bridge Hotel, Richmond, yesterday, on tho body of John Cotton, n butcher, aged 32, found in tho Yarra, near Hawthorn bridge, on Tuesday, with a pieco of line ronnd his neck. Doceased carried on business in Gertrude street, Fitzroy. His wife gave evidence, and also Mr M'Ginty, ono of his acquaintances, They testified that he had beon somewhat out of his mind. The jury returned a verdict that deceased committed suicide while in a state of insanity, The Geelong Advertiser writes — It is in tended by the friends of Mr Ewing, who differ from the finding of the Presbyterian Session, to present that gentleman with a testimonial, Wo understand that a sum of £100 has already beon collected towards that objcot, We (Star) were informed on Tuesday even- ing xthat the eon and daughter of a well knowjj and respected resident at Lake Burrnmbest bad, somu little time ago, seen on animnl in the lake resembling iu every respect the sea elephant, and had closely Watched its movements. The description given of this latest edition of the bunyip was precisely that of the phoca, aiul its size is stated to have been about that of tho body of a newly-born calf. We may add that otir informant was told of the circumstance by the young people, who aver that they saw tho animal. Wo give the slory without any comment, farther than stating that our informant is a gentleman npon whoso state ment tho greatest reliability can be placed, Our (Bendigo Independent) Kangaroo correspondent writes : — It is positively re freshing in these inert times to have some' thing new or wonderful to occupy our atten- I tioil. Snake stones tuv <4 iliiiir in thfi market, and indeed, like most other drugs, ' it costs me a very snriniii effort to swallow' one of them, but it is not a snako story 1 am about to relate, but a genuine and re liable ghost Btory — no larrikin manufactured effigy to impose on our senses — but a real live ghost, which has attracted crowds every night for nearly a week at tho residence of the lnte Mr Wm. M'Millen, nt Kangaroo Flat. Nor does the novol visit jr wait for tho usual " witching time of night" to commence his or hsr perambulations, but about nine o'clock the most sceptical can liavo occalar proof of tho supernatural, sufficient to settle his doubts and unBettle his nerves. I have heard the most extraordinary accounts of ghostship's conduct, but will not relate them, as they appear to me to bo exaggerations, or possibly the product ons of aa excited fuuey. But that which causes so many people to assemble outside the house at night is the appearance of a pais phosphorescent light moving about the house, 6cen now in one window and thon in another. Several young men senght to sol»o the mystery, but on entoring tho house found it la perfect darkness (save the light from heir own lantern); but a lady of this neighbourhood, who iB said to be a medium in matters appertaining to anothor world, visited the place in tho oompany of her brother, and although ho conid not see anything, I am toll tho lady saw a figure beckoning her to follow, which so nlarmed her that sho fainted, and was taken homo, and is still suffering from norvoua excitement. The uumber of visitors or sightseers is on the increase, and many opinions and theories nro hazarded there every night. I have heard from an authority on the subject, that a letter addressed to his ghostship passed through tho Kaugaroo Flat Post-office yesterday, but how our worthy old friend, Mr Humphrey, mauaged to deliver it, I have not learned. The Ovcus Spectator has n leader on tho Ewing case of the warmest descrintuiu, in which it gives VCUt to all its rage at' II r Sw ing's discharge from the Presbytoriaa Church, asd falls a cursing in grand stylo, calling the persecutors of Mr Ewing tha hardest naraeB. In a paragraph, the Spoctator says: — " At the earnest solicitation of a number of the members ot the Presbyteri ut Church, Beech- worth, Mr Swing preached an ablo and eloquent sermon in that placo ef worship on Sunday evening, to a largo aad thoroughly appreciative congregation, Great sympathy is felt at the treatment tho reverend gentle man has received at tho hands of tko Assombly, and it is likely an influential expression of practical sympath , will bs given in his favor. The S.M. Herald contains the following in regard to the performance of II Trovatoro by the principal members of the new Italian Opera Oompany, at the 1 haatro Royal, Sydney:— Tho prima . donua , Signora Guadagnini, though not what wo should call a great actress, is perfectly natural and thoroughly elegant in her style, and she has an exquisite voiea. Pure and fresh in quality, distinct both in enunciation and execution, the notes come forth cloar as a boil and sweet as a flute. Beyond doubt she established herself as a favorite. Next, Signora Yeussta must be mentioned. She is a splendid actress, to say nothing of her voiced The conventional make- up of the gipsy, as hitherto presented hero, with a red and black face, she utterly discarded, Her features were swarthy, kor hair ashen-grey — sho looked what she was supposed to be, the mother of Manrico. The wild fire of madness daucod in her eye, and throughout she never allowed tho spectators to fsrget tbat she lived for ono sole purpose, revenge on Di Luna In the great recital of the burning, she lived and acted tho Rceuo over again with life-like power ; and then tha frenzy in the presence of Manrico died away, while, to others, she wns indifferent. The sight of the Count enraged her ; to Manrico she expresses her weariness of life, and when at last ho went to execution, tha wholo in sanity ef her nature rose up in the awful tannt " Hgli era tuo frntollo," and the cry " 8ei vendicata 0 madre I" Now, all this wss splendidly worked out hy Sigaora Yen- oits, and to her acting she added the charm of a fine voice, artistically ussd. Her lower notes have a remarkable quality. They are perfectly resonant even in the deepest tones, and sho has, as is required for the part, a great compass of voice. There is not it is true, that lormoyanto quality about it whieh is considered the peculiarity of tho contralto, as distinguished from the mezzo- soprano, bnt her voice is nevertheless rich and full with abundance of power, Signor Paladini sings better than he acts, In manner hiB Manrico was rather tarns for the most part, though occasionally he showed evidenco of deep feeling, more 'especially towards tho latter part of the opera ; but in the matter of acting alone we have seen batter than his. His voice is his charm ; it may, without hesitation, be pronounced one of the finest tenor voices over hoard in the colonies. It has that quality which, with out, any noise, comes through a full chorus and orchestra direct and distinct te his audience. And there is such perfect ense, ton, nbont his singing ; no gasping for particularly high notes ; no straining for effect. His voice comes quite as naturally from the highest as from the middle regis ter of his voice, and all throngh there is a brilliancy which enchants hiB audience. The three artiBta now mentioned are, we think, bound te become general favorites. Of Signor Orlandini it is not necessary to speak at length, because he is an old favorite, and has lost none of the quality of voice and manner which first commended him ; otherwise ho deserves an extended no tice. The Ohicago Times is a blithosomc and refined newspaper. Hera is one of its headings : — " Plumped into Paradise — fhey Got Jim Murphy ready for the Transition at Davton on Yesterday and Raised Him — First Making Sure that tho Rope Would Break that Ho Might Suffer a Little — He Con fesses his Crime, Forgives Everybody, nnd Dies with an Enduring Faith in His Re deemer — The Awful Murder of Whioh He Was the Butcher and His Early Career of Bin Complete — How Jim was Jerked.' In nddition to several actresses and dan- seuses, who arrived by the s, Northumber land yesterday, under engagement to the Theatre Royal management, two very old Yiotorinn favorites also returned to these shores by tho same oppor tunity. They are Mr and Mrs Willie South. Tho lady is bolter known to the public as Fanny Wiseman, and Is a member of the clover Wiseman family, who, somo few years since, were snoh favorites, particularly in tho provinces. Both Mr and Mrs South are essentially colonial actors, having graduated in their profession at Ballarat nndor that able stage manager, Mr HoBkins. The Philadelphia Bulletin speaks very un favorably about tho Palmieri opera troupe, who were play iug in that city when tho mnil left. The opera was Trovatore. The Bulle tin says 1 f the prima donua: — ''Madame Pal mieri did not nppear ts very great advantage as Leonora, hor voice seeming fatigued, nnd betraying a hnskiness which interf sredsomo- whnt with tho . prima , donna's efforts, There was n wrotched performance, and, with the exception of tho fourth act of the work, which was passably well given, tho opera was about ns badly sung ns it as ever been heard in this city, Tho audience which was present, was an unusually large ono, fi ling the large auditorium to its utmost capacity, nnd thin is tho moro to bo pitied, for such a brilliant hnuso deserved better treatment from the performers'" Mr Edmund Falconer's attractive domestic drama of Extremes, or Mon of the Day, was produced at tho Academy of Music last night, in the lending character (Fiank Hawthorne), Mr Adams was seen to great advantage. A moro refined and elegant pieco of acting has not been witnessed for some time. Mrs G, B. W. Lewis gave a natural and lady-liko rendering of Lucy Vavasour ; Jenny Wildbriar found a good | representative in that rising young aotreM M 69 Flora Anstoad ; -Mrs W. Ryan wa» a , '' demonatrnlive -TianbaahirV -woman ; ' 'Robin waa/,'played ( by. , ' ;Mr ' . Hydes with . so much .breadth' , of humor as to 1 en- BUre-. '-fpr,. him a special rail before tho ourtain, while the pharaoters Ca Dr Play- raip (Mr W. H. Wallace), Mr .-Cunningham (Mr Savihe), Everard Digby (Oapt. M, „ Humphreys), and Sir Lioael Norman (Mr ' Boo thman, his first appearance), wont to the satisfaction of tho -audience. Tho comedy will be repeated this evening. A vocal and instrumental concert will be given to-night, at the Meibourno Athemeum, in compiliment to Mr and Mr Porraton, The last nights e£ Wilson's Grand Hippodrome are announced at the reduced prices. Tho entertainment now given nt the circuB is capital, as the full ferce of tho ' establishment appears every night. The Hunchback drew a geod heuse at the Theatre Royal last night, and was well per- ' "fermod. It should not bo fergolteu by all lovers of high comedy that Mrs Soott-Siddons takes her farewell benefit to-night, when she will appear as Beatrice in Much Ads About Nothing. Mr Pillans is to sing several of hia favorite songs, and Mrs Biddons will lecite Bhamus O'Brien, There was a good attendance at the Opera House last night, when Miss Catherine Lewis appeared for tfio third time as Olair- ' ette in -Madame Angot. Miss Lewis's repre sentation of the character is extremely lively,' "and never flagB in spirit and vivaoily. We see that Girofle-Girofla is underlined. Mia Lewis is said to be great as the " Two Sisters." '" Mr Henry Mtodtn'Ybrickmaker, Brunswick, desirdsTus' to state that ho is not the Hoary Marsden mentioned in yesterday's i-sne as fight- log with Joioplr Cousins at Bru-iswiok. 