THE WEEK. Railway Department. — A return has b«« prepared, to the order of the Legislative As«»u under motion of Mr. M'Klhoni, shotfof Se culars of the service, &c.;, of the clerks em»W«i ? the Traffic Branch of the Railway Departm From this it appears there axe in the traffic mana^ office seven clerks, whose office hours are from 9 a 8 to 5.30 p m., and whose salaries ranee from 7= ,ni' +„ OQOZ -o- onm.rr, T„ -8- Pet AAA me tiu&ei; ana station master's office there are five clerks, whose office how® range from 8 a.m. to 6.45 pjn., to 6.30 a-m., to 6 4$ p.m., and whose rate of pay varies from 8s. per di» to £3 17s. per week. In the audit and store keeper's offices there are twenty clerks, whos office hours range from 9 am. ' to t p.m. In clerk in charge of goods branch office there are three clerks, whose salaries ran»e from £2 8s. to £3 6s. per week, and whose office hours var* from 6 a.m. to 5 p.m., to 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. In the m voicing office there are six clerks, whose salaries rsnel from £2 2s. to £2 14s. per week ; the hours of five of them are from 8 a.m. to 7*30 p.m., with one and a-hidf hour for dinner ; the hours of the other are from 6 a.m. to 7-30 p.m., with one and a half hour for dinner ; his salary is £2 14s. per week, but the return states that he xs to receive an increse of par The return further states that in the wool season the hours of attendance of invoice clerks are not materially affected ; it is only on very exceptional occasions that they have to work until 9 or 10 o'clock The traffic manager reports that the work is not con tinuous, and that the pay is a fair remuneration for service rendered. Agreements Validating Act. — The fol lowing is a list of officers in whose presence contracts or agreements made under the provisions of the 'Agreements Validating Act 39 Victoria, No. 29,' between any persons for any personal services to be rendered or performed within the colony of New South Wales, shall be made and subscribed . Adelaide, Mr. William Russell Hunt; Auckland, Mr. David B. Cruickshank, merchant; Berlin, Mr. Edward Franck ; Belfast, Mr, Henry Atkinson, mer chant; Boston, Mr. William Henry Wilkinson; Bremen, Heiniioh Loffler ; Christchurch, Canterbury) New Zealand, Mr. Harold Selwyn Smith ; Cook town, Mr. John Walsh, merchant; Cork, Mr. John George M'Carthy, solicitor; Glasgow, Mr. Alexander Stuart ; Hamburgh, Mr. Albert Evers ; Lohdon, Mr. Andrew Abercrombie Jopp, secretary to the Agent-General for the colony of New South WaleB, and Mr. H. H. Speed, Emigration Agent t - the Agent-General for the colony of New South Wales; Liverpool, Mr. Edmund Thompson; Melbourne, Mr. William Wilmot Couche ; New York, Mr. Roderick William Cameron ; Philadelphia, Mr. Augustus Morris ; and San Francisco, Mr. J. C. Merrill. Ths ?Parliamentary paper containing the above list also contains copies of the Act, schedules, or forms of appointment, and a statement authorized by the Go vernment of New South Wales of the current rate of wages of labouring people in the colony of New South Wales, and the cost of their house-rent, food, and clothing to enable officers duly appointed by the Government and Executive Council to furnish neces sary information to persons entering into engagements for service under the Act. The lee chargeable by the officer for certification of agreement in case of each person is five shillings. Mr. George Foster Wise is the duly authorized officer to supply the current rate of wages, &c.;, to the certifying officers in accordance with the schedule of the Act. The Pacific Mail Service. — This mail service, which is of such momentous importance to New South Wales and New Zealand; has been made the subject of an animated discussion in the Legis lative Assembly at Wellington, where Sir Julius Vogel, in the course of some pertinent remarks, intimated that the abandonment of the service would not. in New Zealand, be regarded with much feeling of regret. The tone of public opinion in New South Wales appears to tend in an opposite direction. Even before the commencement of the mail service there were some people who ventured to predict that the vessels to be employed would never be able to satisfactorily perform the coastal service, as it is attended with so much risk and danger. This pre diction has been so far verified that Captain Ferries, of the Zealandia, states that the coast service costs the company over £4000 each trip, or approxi mately upwards of £50,000 per annum. On the 7th and 22nd of June last, letters were published in the Herald, from the captains of the Pacific mail boats, in which they expressed a unani mous opinion highly unfavourable to the New Zeal land coastal service. Captain Cavarly, of the City of New York, says : — ' The lower ports of New Zealand are, I think, decidedly unsafe for large ships deeply laden with coal, as our ships are when theY leave Sydney. The Granada arrived off Otago light March 6th, at 5.30 a.m., remained outside waiting for the tide to rise till 9.27 a.m., when we came in over the bar. Ship's draught on arrival at Port Chalmers was 20 feet 1 inch ; the lead was constantly going as we came in, and the least water we had in crossing the bar was 3 J fathoms on 21 feet, which gave us 11 inches of water under the steamer's bottom. Fortu nately the sea was smooth, and we did not touch. But, 'from information received on that voyage, I am quite confident that our ships cannot get into Port Chalmers more than two-thirds of the time, and when in tKey run the same risks in getting out that they did in getting in.' Captain Cargill, of the Australia, writing from Kandavu on the 9th June, says The coastal service of New Zealand seems a great mistake, and the ships are quite unfitted for it, as exemplified by the Australia grounding at Port Chalmers, and again by her having to lie outside nine hours to wait for tbe mails, which were shipped with great difficulty ; apart from this, in our case there was not sufficient traffic to pay half the expenses.' Captain Ferries gives his opinion in the following words ' With regard to entering Port Chalmers, I can only say that the recent experiences of other commanders lead me to believe that it is not a port to be entered safely and successfully by such large and heavy vessels ' Two Children (Brothers) Drowned at Petersham. — Between 3 and 4 o'clock on Sunday after noon constable Davies, stationed at Petersham, founa the dead bodies of William Addison, 11 years of age, and John Adelaide Addison, 9 years of age, sons o Charles Addison, labourer, of Els wick-street, Feter sham, in a waterhole situated in Fillipo Andreas paddock, on the Parnunatta Road, Petersham. i-»® children left home about 3 o'clock on Saturday after* noon, and were last seen alive about 4 o'clock ontn same afternoon on the Parramatta Road, about*' yards distant from the waterhole in which their booi68 were found. Their being missed, and the report o their having been seen as stated, and returning home, led to the waterhole being searcneu, with the result as stated. An inquest was nw yesterday afternoon at the Bald-faced Stag R°*r* Parramatta Road, when the jury, after hearing » evidence, returned a verdict to the effect that the t children were found drowned in the waterhole, o that there was no evidence to show how they got m the waterhole. — — — »*? tub B»ECirnvB Oouncis..— ^iStobesr that Mr. A. C. Budge, clerk of We Hs suffering from an attack of scaria rbe&ej;'^Irtooisan, «f**he Colonial Secretary « tiB»* 'a believe, perftcming his duties for the 0fice,tt» we '^t -S^trd^ Excursion Train to the __ On Tuesday Mr. Piddington BwB following -memorial to the Hon. John P Secreta yior Public Works Sir, J^*ey,».r-r - xe8pectfully te urge our attention fee ' desirability «f enablingrthe °P°v7 of Sydney -«id its suburbs to enjoy the jnuraed grandeur of the various spots of the hue of railway over 'the i#tcre8 U^tains, by the establishment of a $]tte l ^Mjnst excursion train, to leave Sydney ^ summer months from October to April Jnnng » Saturday at 7 o'clock a.m., setting ' nMcneen at 'Wascoe'6, Spring wood, Btue Weatherboard, Blackheath, and Mount JiouBtu««- .farting from Mount 'Victoria -every M°!Savat 6 o'clock a.m. upon the return journey. SkMearaionist would not be absent from his busi it'lnnesr than one working day ; and if the scale of ^ woe fixed at 'the same rate as that now charged CAssncursion train to Springwood (namely, 4s.) we / l assured : that the number of passengers would ?tot the proposed train one that would yield jeturn to the Government, and also confer 8 advantages upon the inhabitants -of the ^ftwmAlis '-Wi 'Rj Piddington, R. P. Abbott, James ur«»Ron S. C. Brown, Henry Porfoee, R. ©urilett Lhn Macintosh, George A. Lloyd, WiHiam wSn Henry' CBarke. Joseph Leary, P. L. C. cvtnViprd. Richard* Hill, David Buchanan, Richard Driver Robert Foreter, E. Butler, Michael Fitz atriek.H. H. Brown, John Booth, Henry E. Cohen, Llm M'Elhone, John Davics, John Fairfax.' ?CabB'-oe -William Brook. — At «. meeting of .fliet&eoRtive; Council, held on Monday afternoon, the case of William Brodk, sentenced to death at the last ?Criminal Court held at Darlinghurst, for wounding one Hannah Santer,at Chippendale, ©n the 13th June last, with intent to kill, was taken into consideration. The decision of the Executive Council was that the .sentence should be commuted to fifteen years' im prisflsHnext1 with held labour, the first two ^ years in irens, ACCIDENT AT VTHB PyitllONT QuARRIE8, ? .On laet-Seturday afternoon Abraham Fletcher, .aged 23 a ouarryman^ redding in Mills-street, Pyrmont, was at work at .the Pyrmont quarries, when he deceived severe injuries to the head, which necessitated his .admission dntoi, the Sydney Infirmary. Fletcher was engaged in winding at a crane by wroich a stone weighing about two tens was being hoisted, when the ?weight'forced the haaadie of the winch out of Fletcher' s andin- revolving it struck him ©n the head. Fatal .Accident in the Harbour. — About lalf.past 5 o'cloek on Monday afternoon, a dingy ocn ?taining three men, named Thomas Kenny, Alexander Anderson, and John Stewart, capsized off the A. S. F. Company's .works, and before assistance came Kenny, who was-a glass- blower, employed at Messrs. Elliott, Brothers' Works, Balmain, wa6 drowned. St appears that the men were in the act of hoisting the ssiVvhen a *sndden- puff of wind capsized the boat. Fenny .almost immediately sank, and Stewart was only saved from a similar fate by Anderson, who heH him up until a boat from the shore came up .and rescued them. Randwick Abyxum. — At a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Randwick Destitute Chil dren's Asylum, held on Tuesday afternoon, Miss Fair burn, formerly. Assistant mat ion at the West Haitian/! Hospital, was.elected, out of a large number of can didates, to the position „ of matron of the Randwick Asylum. Whales. — The .sperm, whales seen off the Heads a few .days ago -were disporting themselves there again-on Saturday. The steamer Fleetwing was within a few hundred .yards of the largest of them when he went ito sound, and in doing so showed the whole of his hack,, which- was, apparently, about 70 ieetlang. Hydraulic Engineer. — We learn that a telegram has been reoeived by the Colonial Secretary from the Agent-General tin London, stating that Mr. 'William Clarke, a -gentleman-of large Indian expe rience, and who is strongly recommended by the President of the Royal Society of Engineers in London, has acoepted the rpoBition of consulting hydraulic engineer rto .advise upon the best system of water supply and sewerage for the city of Sydney and its suburbs. Mr. Clarke will leave England for Sydney on the 29th of the present month. This gen tleman, it appears, was sent .outcome time ago to Cal cutta, to advise the authorities there upon similar matters, and the waterworks and sewerage arrange ments constructed under his .advice are said to have proved a great success. Justifiable Homictbe.-— News reached Glen annes on the 3rd instant (Delates .the Examiner) that a sained Charles Flummer, of Tenter field, had wen shot by constable Bowen whilst endeavouring , ®aeape from custody. From the meagre particulars |®h8au, appear tjjat pjummer had been arrested teut two and a half miles out -of Tenterfield for. '*™ng a purse from Frank Prioe, at O'Connor's hotel m Tenterfield. 'Whilst being eseorted into the prisoner tried to escape, and constable ousenshot his horse. The prisoner, unhorsed, again eo,to get away from his captor, and threw stones in rt' * e oonEtable then fired, and shot Plummer me .stomach, and the unhappy man died in con quface the same night. There was great excite innntf?™06 v Tenterfield over the ease, and an efe,-^ 88 ^ on Monday last, when a good deal s „„.j-eiice„WB8 taken, after which the jury returned \- verdictef justifiable homicide. Thb Emerald Hill Murder. — Dr. Youl J3saTiBIllnSSfS' at®merald-hill, on the body of Robert bv s ' a labourer, who was stabbed to death anfe*™ i-1 naiae(* Ellen Francis. After hearing of evidence, the jury returned a verdict musder against Ellen Francis, and she was Prison* *or ^r'18^ at ^e Central Criminal Court, ento w ma?ntained an appearance of stolid indiffer 01,1 ^ BtiS™188™0 Accident en the Bush. — The Someet^°rre^^Qa^en^ °1 the Telegraph reports: — an« ^ ™te°1®nt was caused here by the disappear «®d ftrmer named Toohey, between eighty tattle ATwiVi-a6818 *ge- who went out looking for k»ae rtA i n°treturn. His horse having returned ^^aiesg seardx was instantly instituted, but the horsmacjf ttan was not found. Some twenty-seven two °Ht on *he following day, including leirch ^Rftables, with no better success. The 'crtui)at« .^kthined on the third day, when the un keeft * J18® was found at a place known as the «udenthpi!7ji -e from his house, where it was W g-jj T11 e 'whole time he was missing, and bongk Qt . F hoc® knocked from his horse by the found a, ^ ®gftinst which he had ridden. When Triable to *nc^L°I?^na'^e man' though conscious, was . *&s; convpr-9^ v* tongue being much swollen. He 'ho ImfROv^ments in DsNiiff/juiN.—— Building operations in Deniliquin are said by the Kieerinc Advertiser to be still proceeding with activity, and tenants appear to be found for shops - or tenements of i 'every description as so n as they are completed. On the north -side of the bridge a public-house is bein- : erectedfor a Mr. Willmore, and an establishment of a similar'kind for Mr. 'NVilloughby, 'in.' Oressy-street, has been, commenced. It is also 'rumoured that anotherSiotel is to be erected -on Mr. Marshall's land at the corner of Napier and Creasy -etreets. A fine ?row of «hops in Napier-street for 'Mr Charters are nearlyioompleted, and the haradeome fronts of these buildings are much admired. 'In 'addition to these severefiriwelling-housee are un coUrse of erection, and jutet now the building tmdc appears to have a busy time-rf it. IfeB Late Shooting Oase.— '-The Torrum barry shooting case came befweflhe Echuca Bench on 1 the i'th instant. The charges against William Howard ? and James Cunningham, the -men' concerned in the affray, were not gone into, the ??Usual remand being ' asked for, and allowed, ius. both, cases. Howard was ! first arraigned, charged with Ahooting with intent to do grievous bodily harm, and tthe adjournment was granted on the application of sergeant Hayes, Without r any evidence being taken. Bail was requested by Mr. Akehurst, who was retained for the defence, and was allowed. Cunningham was then charged with threaten ing Howa* d's life. The Riverine Herald states that the latter substantiated, in the witness box, his sworn in formation of the threats u.-ed by the prisoner against him, and the Bench, an remanding the hearing of the case, refused to grant bail, which was applied for by Cunningham. Arrowroot. — Tike -cuMv-ati.on. o£ this root, (writes the Maeleay Herald), ^&nd; the manufacture of the flour, is an industry, on- a small scale, which we had the advantage of seeing: this week at Fenton's Island on the Maria River. fThe land appears admir ably suited for its growth, and the specimen shown to us by Mr. Robertson was equal to anything of the kind we have ever sees. Itrcan well be manufactured with con-iderable profit art -fid. per lb. The water of the river, which is an element of great importance in the manufacture, appears rto be well suited for the work. House Burned down at Co alb aggie. — On. the 31st August Bootlehutst, rthe residence of Mrs. Bootle, of the Coalbaggie (says. the Dubbo Dispatch), was burned to the ground, and furniture, consisting of a valuable pianoforte and the usual 'household appointments, was totally destroyed. A quantity of rations and ! clothing was also burnt. The family were subjected i to much inconvenience, but, -thanks to the kindness of : good neighbours, it was not- much felt. An inquiry ! was held by the coroner (Br. Tibbits), and an open j verdict returned. ! Rainfall on the Murray. — A correspondent ' at Cooranga furnishes the Aibury Banner with the ' following account of ra£nfall--at Kaaritnba from 1867 , to the present lime: — 1876, January 1st to August | 31st, 8*16 inches; 1875, corresponding period, 19-95 ' inches; 1874, 19*59 inches ; 1873, 16-48 inches; 1872, , 12'02 inches ; 1871, 11*03 inches ; 1870, 18*35 inches ; 1869, 11*14 inches; 1SC8, 9*01 inches ; 1867, 15*22 inches. The above thus shows that, to the present date, 1876 has the smallest rainfall for at least ten years. Important Discovery. -^For some time past (writes the Western Examiner) it was known that there were sandstone boulders in the neighbourhood of Coffee Hill, about six or seven utiles from Orange, on the Cargo Road, but it was never supposed that there was a bed rock of freestone formation. Now it has been found that stone of this description, fit for any purpose, may be hewn out oftihe rock. The con tractor for the flaggings in front of the Courthouse has , quarried the fla^s he requires for his contract in this ; locality; and this fact having become known to the gentlemen of Orange, a deputation consisting of the . Mayor and several aldermen, with Mr. Nelson, M.L.A., waited on the district surveyor (Mr. Fisher) with a view of getting the land there reserved from sale for ^public purposes. This gentleman at once assented, \--and the matter was promptly represented to the Minister for Lands, who it is expected will have a ?section of the land there proclaimed a reserve without any further delay. This discovery leads to the expec tation that coal in payable quantities will also be found in the same locality — an opinion which re ceived strength from the fact that geologists have pre dicted long ere this that coal would-be found at the Canobla8. Shocking Accident. — A young mail named James Kennedy was employed with other men in sinking a dam at the Mathoura station, and while undermining a side of the excavation the earth gave way and fell upon the deceased, throwing him on a pick, which pasted through his body. No time was lost in taking stepB to remove the unfortunate man to Deniliquin hospital, but he died just as he was about to be placed in the railway carriage at the Redbank station. The deceased was a fine robust young man, 22 years old, and his parents, it is reported, live at ?Castlemaine. The intelligence of the disaster was .conveyed to the Riverine Advertiser by a passenger by the train, who witnessed the death of the unfortunate young man at the Redbank station. The Late Db. Featherston. — The follow ing extract from a letter, dated June 24, written by a friend of Dr. Featherston, is published by the New Zealand Times Dr. Featherston, when in Germany the latter part of last summer, had a severe attack of illness, winch ended in congestion of the lungs, and it was with difficulty he reached Geneva, where he re mained for some weeks under medical treatment. He returned to England in the autumn, and took a house at Brighton, travelling to London by rail and back again several days in the week. During the winter his health improved, and he gained several pounds in weight ; but as the spring advanced, so fatal to many with its cold east winds, his worst symptoms recurred, he was confined to his house at Brighton, and with alarming rapidity lost strength. Up to about three weeks before his death, though greatly reduced and prostrated, he was able to see friends, and 'even to transact such official business as was absolutely neces saty. For this purpose Mr. Cashel Hoey, his secretary, and other officers of his department, visited him till within about a week of his death. Many of his oldest personal friends, Sir Charles Clifford, Mr. Levin, Mr. and Mrs. Fox, and others, who were in London, visited him till within three weeks of his death, when the exertion became too great for him, and from that date none but members of his own family and his medical adviser (and Mr. C. Hoey on one or two occasions) visited his bedside. His death, which was peaceful and painless at the last, occurred at 3 o'clo'ck on the morning of Monday, the 19th, the result of exhaustion caused by the^ usual progress of pulmonary disease. It was the desire of several of his colonial friends who were in London to attend his funeral ; but a memorandum had been left by him in which he directed that none but his daughters (who were with him at Brighton) should be present on this occasion ; and though there were many who were anxious to offer the last testimony of lespect and sympathy, the in junction of the deceased was considered too sacred to be infringed. Except, therefore, the members of his own family, I understand that no one followed him to ' the grave. Traffic on River Darling. — The fol lowing is published in the Central Australian of tht 2nd instant, and shows the existence of an important steam navigation a remote interior district oOl miles from thecoa't: — The liver has fallen very con siderably since our Jast report ; ab ut ten feet, and u Hill falling. The Goolwa (s.). belonging to A. Ro« and Co., is still busily employed conveying freight tc 'West Bourke to t-upply the out stations— the p esenl high state of fee river will not permit of the working of the punt. The Waradgery (s.), Captain Toomer arrived on Wednesday last : she brings a general cargc — principally spirits — consigned to R. M. Hughet and Co., -and Hinton, Mackay, and Cj She left JSchuoa on the 15th July, but was detained considerably 'On account of the saallo^ne&i; of the water. She will proceed as far as Bona want on discharging her Bourke cargo, as she has loading for Mr. MMillan, of Milroy. The Black Swan (s. left here on Thursday 'morning. She steamed as far ai West Bourke, and took in 47 bales of wool. She als- takes 35 to no of copper from the Great Cobar Coppe Milling Company, Cobar. She is proceeding t( Adelaide. The Corowa (s.), Captain Randal, arrive/ on Wednesday, bringing a general cargo 6 tons of iron ladles for the Great _ Cop per Mining Company, Cobar ; a quantity o station supplies consigned to Mr. Joseph Lunn, Wes Bourke, including thirty tons of flour. For AIessrs Thompson, Vaughan, and Co., of Brewarrina fifty-tw tons of flour-and a quantity of general supplies. Sb left Mannusu on the 31st July being delayed a goo- deal by the sha lowness of the water, arriving a Went worth in eleven days (a trip usually done ii five). LeftVWentworth on the 11th of August, an- arrived at Wilcannia on the 19th, Including thi freight of fee barge, the Corowa brings about 18- tons. This is her first trip to Bourke, and she ii reckoned a ifast and commodious steamer. A Great Possible Danger. — Our attentioi (says the Ma'uland Mercury) has been d'awn by i travell r to -the possibility of a horrible aceiden occurring at the side of the Liverpool Range whicl slopes into Doughboy Hollow. The mail coach r ai in itB desr ent*approathes very closely— within a fev yards — to fee .great chasm in the earth into which th railway tunnel -opens ; there is no effe -tive fence ; am reBtive horses coming down, and getting beyond th ?control of feeir driver, might easily take a leap int the cutting, which is some 80 feet deep. We hav seen the p)aee;to which allusion is here made, and th' fear of aoeidentiae no idle one. Vehicles going up th- slope would be in almost equal danger with thosi ?coming down ; .if the horses backed and became un managable, the -oon tour of the ground is such as t- draw the vehicle towards the fatal edge. It is neces «ary for the -safely of travellers, either that a strong ft me i hould he erected, or that the road should be ?diverted for a few yards at this dangerous place. The Nabranbera Tragedy, — In addition to the two paragraphs and the report of our Wagg£ correspondent in reference to the Narrandera tragedy already given, *we ,are furnished by the Border Post with another link in the evidence, which goes tc prove that the victim of the Narrandera police ehooting affray at Deepwater is identical with Father Healy, late of Wangaratta. On his way through Albuiy the late Rev. Mr. Healy had a silver hunting lever watch repaired at Mr, B tilbury's, and the maker's name and number on the timepiece correspond exactly with that found by the police at Wagga Wagga on the person of the deceased. The watdh in question was made fej Messrs. Settle, Brother?, London, and bore the number 64753. The deceased did not give his name to Mr. Burbury, but there can be no doubt he was the missing clergyman. Severe Gale at tee Upper Huon. — They have had some very rough weather in Tasmanit lately. The following account of a severe gale at the Upper Huon is from the Hobart Town Mercury, whose correspondent, writing under date September 1st. says : — A very Bevere gale was experienced here last night ; some of the oldest inhabitants say they nevei knew anything to equal it. It was blowing rathei strongly all day Thursday, and at 11 o'clock p.m. increased to a gale, far surpassing anything ever known here. Trees were torn up by the roots and broken off, a great many falling across the road, rendering it impassable /or any vehicles. Thousands of trees are strewn about, presenting a very novel spectacle, and looking as though men had been at work clearing. At present I know of no damage done to property beyond fencee being smashed by trees falling across them. Some -of the people living hack on the hills left their huts jand spent the nights outside in fear of trees falling on them. At intervals during the night it rained very heavily, and, what with the wind roar ing, the trees crashing around, and the rain pouring, & wilder night than feat of Thursday could scarcely be imagined. Chinese Ceremonies. — Our Chinese fellow citizens were in a state of great excitement during the whole of Sunday (says fee Ballarat Star J, and up to about 3 a.m. this (Monday) morning. They believe that the souls of those Chinese who have not died a natural death wander restleBBly about, cold and hungry, 'seeking rest and .finding none,' so, once a year, a grand feast is made, and immense fires lit for their benefit, and feat these spirits may be properly clad, clothes — something after the style of milliners' patterns— are cut out of gilt paper, and are burnt, dis solving very appropriately into thin air. On Sunday, notification of what was to be done for their benefit was given by the beating of gongs, drums, &c;, to these restless spirits, and at about midnight, when they were supposed to be all present, a priest, named Che Ah Kuig, who lives at Haddon, commenced the religious ceremony by blessing the offsprings of fee charitable. These consisted of dishes of rice, pork, &c.;, cooked, and laid in two rows near the fires previously lit. Spiritual beverage, in the shape of gin, was emptied on the ground, and after the burning of the paper clothes, fee rice and pork, of which the ghosts were supposed to have eaten, was distributed among fee Chinese ragpickers, and beggars, none who could afford to stand upon ceremony deigning to touch it. The lepers from fee ranges were present, but made their offerings at a respectful distance from the other Chinamen, and consumed at the close of the ceremony what they had brought themselves. The Melbourne Health Society. — An interesting and instructive lecture, entitled ' Under fee Floor,' was delivered by Dr. T. M. Girdlestone, at the Athenaeum Hall, Melbourne, on the 6th instant. In the course of fee lecture (as reported by the Aye), Dr. Girdlestone strongly condemned fee use of earthen ware drain pipes under houses, as in fee event of fee joints not being properly cemented noxious gases would be liberated. He advocated fee use of iron pipes, and by means of a little model house illustrated fee manner in which foul drains could be purified by small perpendicular pipes bring fixed into fee drain, and carried to the root of the building. This, said the lecturer, was the system adopted by the London Me tropolitan Board of Health, and he thought that no better means could be devised until a proper system of underground drainage was established in Melbourne. The Mayor (Mr. A. K. Smith) then addressed the assemblage, and urged the necessity of agitating for the formation of a Metropolitan Board of Health. Another Fatal Accident on the Railway. : — It will be remembered feat within fee last few weeks t there have been two fatal accidents on the railway 1 near fee Redfern TerminuB. In neither of these' cases did it appear feat there was fee slightest blame at i tachable to the railway employes ; and fee same s will, in every probability be shown with regard to a \- third fatal accident, which took place last night at I Petersham. The circumstances as reported are as ; follows : — About ten minutes to 7 o'clock Henry , Aumuller, butcher, of the Parramatta Road, Peter - \- sham, was struck by fee train that leaves Home i bush at 6.35 p.m. and is due at Sydney at 7.4 p.m. The accident occurred near fee Peter 3 sham railway station, and it is believed that at fee i time Aumuller was attempting to cross from one side i of the line to fee other. Andrew Dickey, fireman of r fee train, noticed fee train strike Aumuller and ) throw him into the mud at fee side of fee railway s bank. One of Aumuller's arms was broken, enl he \- was otherwise so severely injured that but little r hopes cruld have been entertained of his recoverv. \- Dr. Morgan, of Burwood, saw him while he was Btfrl 1 living, and shortly before he died, in the train in. which he was put to be brought on t - the Sydney Infirmary. Aumuller died before the city was f reached, and his body was taken to the dead-house of t fee Benevolent Asylum in Pitt-street South. At this institution an inquest will he held at half-past 2 \- o'clock this afternoon. Mention has been made of e one of the persons connected wife the train. The 1 other men in charge were George Saunders, engineer, . t and Henry Pier, guard. J Supplies at Bourke. — The mooring of a several steamers along the river here (writes the Cm 0 tral Australian) together with their barges, to say a nothing of the amount of goods stored on the banks of the Darling, and hurry and bustle consequent on their arrival, give to our township quite a lively 1 appearance. It is a great pity there is not a wharf a erected to increase our business- like importance. A t great number of teams have arrived during the week, i all heavily laden with supplies. The cargoes brought i by the steamers are ample evidence of the amount of v traffic a railway would receive which connected ue e with fee metropolis ; and also plainly indicates fee I rich harvest our Adelaide merchants derive from fee e remote but important town of Bourke. Fqw people 0 unacquainted with our town, would believe the husi e ness that is done here, despite the disadvantages we e labour under. 8 Burning of the Chemical Works at Yabra ville. — On the 9th instant (reports the Argus ) a fire , broke outat Messrs. Cuming, Smith, and Co. 's Chemical , Works at Yarraville, and although fee proprietors , were on fee spot at the time wife a supply of Yan 1 Yean water at hand, the whole of the premises and plant, with almost all the stock, were destroyed. Owing to the prominent position in which fee works l were situated, on fee high ground close to the Yarra i ville Sugar Refinery, fee fire was seen for a great r distance, and from the nature of fee materials the t flames were more than ordinarily vivid. The premises i were built of wood, and comprised two large chambers 80 x 20 each, attached, with smaller buildings at the l 6id.es and river side. They were completely removed i from other buildings, and for the last four years had been used by Messrs. Cuming, Smith, and Co. as a chemical manufactory. Stored in the buildings i were something like eighty tonB of sulphur, a very large quantity of nitre, and an enormous « stock of acids m process of manufacture, r The stock was very much more extensive than usual, » the busy season being now at hand, and in view of \- this the proprietors had so faT matured ^their plans fox j extending feeir premises feat tenders were in on Saturday for building another large store in connec tion wife the works. At about 6 o'clock on Saturday 1 evening Messrs: Cuming, Smith, and Campbell, fee 1 proprietors, had gone over the works, and were on fee ' point of leaving when flames burst forth in the room ! near where they were standing. The water is laid on ' all round the building, and, as a special precaution in ' case of fire, fee hoBe is attached to the plug. It was so in this instance ; and Mr. Cuming is convinced that, in thirty seconds from fee time when the fire was first seen, fee water was playing upon it. The fire, however, ran along the nitre bags like a train of gunpowder, and, catching the sulphur, the fumes nearly suffocated the men, and, being to leeward, they were obliged reluctantly to leave that part of the premises. By this time the fire had run up the high stack of nitre and caught fee rafters and shingles of the roof, extending to all parts of the building. The wind was blowing half a gale from the south at the time, and this materially assisted the fire, which soon had full possession of fee premises. The nitre burned wife almost lime-light brilliancy, and, being stacked in bags, as each bag took fire it gave a slight explosion. Tne sulphur burnt steadily, running in a lava-like stream to fee roadway at the Bide of fee premises, and sending away to * leeward suffocating fumes, which occasioned consider able alarm in the lower part of Footscray. There was plenty of assistance, but fee men found them selves helpless in the way of checking the flames. The plug at fee north side of the building could not be got at for fee fumes, and the hoses at command were not sufficiently large to connect anywhere else for a considerable time. The Footscray, Hotham, Melbourne, Carlton Brewery, and Emerald Hill brigades were there, and brought two jets to bear on fee burning buildings, fee Carlton connecting with fee Sugarworks pipe, a considerable distance off. The exertions of the brigade were successful so far as to save fee stables, workmen'6 house, and a laTge stack of sulphur, which was paTtly burnt. The con densing chambers, lined wife lead, were utterly consumed, and about 100 tons of acids they contained were lost, the jars bursting as they became heated. The platinum still was also saved, although damaged considerably, and the tall brick stack stands as firm as ever it did. It wa6 feared all along that the boiler would explode, but it did not. The fire burnt from 6 o'clock to about half-past 9 before it could be Baid to have been mastered. Messrs. Cuming, Smith, and Co. estimate feeir loss at something like £10,000, fee stock being in feeir opinion worth oyer £8000. To meet this they are insured for scarcely £5000 in fee Imperial and Royal offices. But this is not their greatest loss. It will be fully three or four months before they can resume operations, and this will occasion great inconvenience to feeir customers and loss to themselves. From the strength and direction of the wind there was no chance of saving the buildings. The firm were so con vinced of the completeness of feeir fire- extinguishing apparatus feat for two years they went on without insuring. The Yan Yean was laid on to every part of the buildings. The hoses were ready coupled, the buildings were never left without people in them to see that all was safe, and every man was instructed in what he was to do in the event of fire. It was fully believed feat a heavy stream of water could be brought to bear on any part of the building at any time in half a minute. A month or two ago the men had an opportunity of testing feeir abilities in this respect, as a fire broke out in the building, but it was overcome in a few minutes. 'The origin of fee fire on Saturday is not fully known, but fee proprietors believe feat a spark from fee shovel of ashes taken from the furnace must have been blown on to the nitre bags, wife fee disastrous results above described. 