i ,AtAMATEU? PERPORAMANCEF "&AI; very successful: entertainniefit"was given a the.Mechanics' ,Instituto on' Tu'es daylevening, by the leading local ama teurs, in aid of the funds. of the " Sale Cricket Club.lTh'e prograumme was a iepetition.Iof,-thet one:,placed beforei the Epublic. .afew days ago.for the same objeot, lintthe firstexpenses.were .so heavy that the:nett receipts .were'-insufficient: for. the purpose the club have in view-helice the event of Tuesday night. -The burlesque fomii?iir ?lid first plortion of tlieeiiitertuin ment id si~ eccentric amalgamation of the characters int?Faust with. the lromnnde of Alonzon.the Brave.. 'Th'e:latter.individual, personated.hy, Mr rBurroewes,' quits home, gin, and his betrithed Imogene to join his company, leaving :Faust, a medico :whomi he bas..us~ paid: for ' love philtres. and boluses,jn a rapture of envy at hisspringy stride aond. youthful advantages.. The medical practitioner foolishly invokes the aid of the P. ice oft the Power of the Air, Who arrives in the midst of thunder, light sing, and' a w;eird chorus,' ase' Mephisto pheles.!' Plainly Mr. 3ork's heart was in, this character, but his voice was not,; and even: insalibilrlesque ai'devil, with weak lungs and: diminutive;stature. is -scarcely .endurable. He persuades Faust, however, to sign a document assigning all his right, .title; and :interest' i and to his fossilised' .soul; coniditionally that he be made young again.t 'The metamorphosis is.satisfactory, .and.Faust (Mr.Pleasents) as a gay young cavalier in calves, a cocked hat, and a -ridictildusly short:claiik of. the period,. ,makes love tollmogene. ~T'his faithless ynung womuin was rdpresented by Mr A. .Wishart, and ý save fnr'the voice: of malet adcloleseence, 'which: in the:-dialogue ;told .with supreme effeit, was one of the best -characters.i' Of. course Imogene yields, 'and is labout to sign the nuptial: contrict, when the absentee Alonzo--instigated by ":thit-'! low cuss,'! Mephistopheles, is Arte •orus would say-enters ln i the scene: as a .spurious ghost, and frightens everyone out ;of hjistits',ngainst the form of the statute tii' that. case. minade and !provided. Th'e Slovers' are reconciled, 'nnd. the diabolical tMephistopheles is about :to carry aoff -the rejuvenated ;Faust tis' per aigreement, wwhen Dame Martha (Mr Bowen), a splen didly miide ucl old ?woniih lof 68 summers, -complicates mantters' by claiming the devil .himself, who is so disgusted with Ihis en clhhntress that le :remits. the.- penalty of Faust, on condition" that lie takes the ain ;cient:virgiu,of' his hands. General recon "ciliation, finale; bluc fire.? The smusing imanneruain slwhichi' Mr Sutcliffe took the .pirt'of Syliel, tand the services of':Messrs SStewarti R. Biggrs 'and their..detachment 'areUt\ orthy (if mention. ;The piece' icit self:is the lheight'.of absurdity, but where :'on means,of recreation` are restricted, it were absurdto be, hyypercritical. .: ,:Phe interval;ivas sueceeded. by a song, jvolunteered by Mrr riglht, the pianoforte 'thnar, recently arrived from .Melbourne. 'whn gave i".''ell'-nie,' Mary, bhuv to woo .thee, in a avwet clear tenor, oft. much :powdr .thathisInota very. often excelled -bya.niamittenr.; and so well wits hid ilehltl rer.ognised, asthafl ofln'. getntlcilaniwhab :? ilt he es acqutisition tiit hewas encored, -t.n lie s??pg "'he anichir's weighed." "'r S.'lanbthii'il 'gave tSi 'soigsI "IMy Boy 'i,:jtl''d liionie," and the "iBritish' Lion," m wvg Siay congrhtulate ourselves on the "i:essionof a thoroughly capable vocalist. The • Christy M?instrel" entertainment was passable: indeed; albeit the ennun drums werebof aquality to disappoint the most iudulgent;'being strained and point less;.it would be 'better next time.to im port a stuck, the "industry" of puns and oddities apparently not being sufficiently strong to supply the wants'of our locality. The various solos and choruses largely made amends for the defective facetious ness, however, and Messrs Burrowes, J. M. Coulson; Sutaliffe; Bowen, Bock;,i lhart, and Pleasants, seconded by a good orches tras (Messrs:; 'hew, Clements,' and +H1er beirte),.sucCeeded in finishing-up' well an enjoyable, but rather long-drawn-out,, evening. 