lOETRYc? AN OLD LITEBABY QUABBEL. • BOLWKR'B attack on 'Tennyson and Tennyjon's repy in Punch, is a matter of eo old a date tbat it is now almost altogether forgot* ten. The fight was a great deal too well earned on to last. Bnlwer commenced the attack in bis " New Timon," which was published anonymously:— Not mine, not mine (Mnse forbid!) the boon Of borrowed notes, the mock bird's modish *E'ne, The jingling medley of purloined conceits. Oat-babying Wurda worth and out-glitteriog Seats; Where a>l the airs of patchwork pastoral chime To drown the ears in Tennysonian rhyme. Let school-miss Alfred vent her chaste deliglit On darling little rooms so warm and light; Chant *' I'm a-weary"in infections strain, And catcb the blue fly singing i' tbe pane ; Tlio' praised by critics and adored by Blues, Though Feel with padding plump the puling muse, Tho' Th^bau taste the Saxon purse >ontrols, And pensions Tennyson while starves a Enowles. Tennyson, who had had £200 a year {ranted bim, was touched to the quick, and Wrote in Punch as follows :— We knew him, out of Shakspeare's art, And those fine curses which be spoke ; Tbe old Timon with bia noble heart, That, strongly loathing, greatly broke, go died the old—here comes the new, Begxrd him—a familiar face ; I thought we knew bim. What, it's you ? Tije padded man that wears the stays. Wh" killed the girls and thrilled the boys With dundv patbos when yon wrote I A lion you, tbat made a noise. And shook a mane " en papillote." And once you tried the muses, too ; Yon failed, sir; therefore now yon tnrn To fall on those who are to yon As captain is to subaltern. But men of long-enduring hopes, An t eareless what tbis honr may bring, Can pardon little would-be Popes And Brummells, when they try to sting. An artist, sir, should rert in art, And waive a little of bis claim; To have the deep poetic heart Is more than all poetic fame. But yon, sir, yon are hard to please; You never look but half oontent, Nor like a gentleman at ease, With moral breadth of temperament. And what with spites and what with fears, . You cannot let a body be ; It's always ringing in your ears, " They call this man as good as me." What profits now to understand 1 h' merits of a spotless shirt— A dapper boot—a little hand— If bulf the little soul is dirt ? You talk of tinsel! why, we see The mark of rouge upon your cheeks. You prute of nature 1 you are be Tbat spilt his life about the oliques. A Timon you! Nay, nay ; for shame, The fierce o d man—to take bis name, THE Yon South bandbox Australian t Off, and papers let him report rest that 1 one day last week obstructions were discovered on the Port Pirie and Gladstone Sal way. MOODY-AND-SANKEYISHS are tbe latest title for titbits of humour. Here are a few specimens :—Have you heard bow Sankey walked tip to a grenxdier, and, taking bim affectionately by the belt, said, " Young man, I likewise am a soldier—a soldier of heaven." "Old one," returned the grenadier, "you're a long way from your barracks, anyhow." Or what Moody said to tbe insurance agent wbowanted to insure his life? "My life is but a worthless thing. If yon could ioBure tny soul I would gladly do business with yon." "•Thank you," replied tbe agent, " bnt we don't insure against fire." Well, bnt tbere Was a very rough yonng man whom Sankey •aw staring round attbn close of the meeting, and kindly asked, " Young man, are you looking for salvation?" "No," was the reply ; " I am looking for Sal Jackson." "L>-t us ring a.hymn," said Sankey. THE SANCTITY OF THE DEAD.—Archbishop Lynch of Toronto, in a letter to the press on the Guibord case, says:—The Catholic idea of the sanctity that hallows the body after death is based upon the words of St. Paul,' Enow ye not that your members are temples of the Holy Ghost, Who is in you, whom you have from God, and you axe not your own. For you are bought -with a great price; glorify and bear God in your body' (1 Cor. vi. 18, 20). And again,' If any man violate the temple of God, hi in shall God destroy, for the temple of God is holy, which you are' (I Cor., iii. 17). And again, * I know that my Redeemer liveth, and in the last day I shall be clothed again in my skin, and in my flesh I shall see God' (Job 19). Hence tbe bodiea of the just will be joined to their glorified souls and enjoy. the beatificoitio* or Gol; hence our reverence for the bodies of tbe dead; hence the vice of imparity is so execrable to <Jo«L" 