.'WHEN GREEK MEETS GREEK.' On a certain evening this week If bund myself on the beach not ahundred miles' east of Table Oape^ There oh a rock re clining at peace with all riien, the solitary: sea on one side and the lonely sands on the'btHer,;! proposed to pass the evening of a well snnnt dav in. fhn ; RtnrlTr nf-rnrr'' favorite Tennyson. The fights,' thelbves, the hates, the vengeances, of those heroes of abye-goneage, passed in review before me, ana I ceased reading to reflect, that as the world was yesterday so it is' to-day. But the fights, the loves, the hatesj 'and the vengeances, owing to steam, telegraphy,, and advanced chemistry evolve differently. Oominof.tp this conclusion. before diving again' mto.riiy book, as is my wont, I scanned' the horizon,1 1. scanned the sands, and then I saw thrown up in strong relief, by a sandy hillock a picture' as if 'two knights of old in deadly. combat , strove. - I rubbed my eyes, I shut them for a space. I said to myself 'that lobster salad at, luncheon and Tennyson together is a bad mixture, and ha3 produced this optical delusion. For the future I must partake of them separately.' I thought of banshee, of second Bight, the Cocklane Ghost, and numerous authentic stories of extraordi nary apparitions, and then I opened my eyes and took a good square, solid look. Sure enough there wore tho two horsemen, as far as 1 1 could trust my senses, in the flesh, and making. most extraordinary gyrations on that lonely shore. Now when I am not poetical I am.- sensible. . I , was the latter now, so I decided to advance cautiously and reconnoitre. ? ? It, then oc curred to me that as Tasmanian legis lators when not imitative are nothing,, it might be our present distinguished!, ^visi- tors, the Attorney-General and /Minister, of Lands, having a private rehearsal, of the : game of polo, so that they might exhibit to. the astonished coasters' the game as. practised by the Prince of Wales and all, the royal family. Not wishing to intrude , pri what, might not- be perfected, or ;in tendedi' for-the 'public eye, ' I kept '.the, Boobyalla trees well .between , .myself : i.aiid 'the combatants, and so'.- 1 drew-., .very i near- unobs'e'rved; ; ' f Cockfighting' , j does riot approach a: description of the, scene I; then witnessod;. i Thel two; medicos ;that; the' 'district boasts were ?' at.it.' ,!; It be-., came j evident to I meuand; painfully 1 so , jto'ibne.iof :the combatants thatidpetprs,; sometimes differed with a vengeance. .One of tho medical men combatants; is i noted in the district for having a, lpng;tpngue;;,- tho other. possessedi a long w,hip,and the use to which ho was now putting! ' 'could well gueBs'was a' sequence 'of ther: undue exercise, of the long tongue. The rules of the. tournament nor any other law f of 'the duello, as far. as I could see, did not ap pear ? to-1 be ' followed ! on' this -occasion. He of -the lbngJtongue charged.; or: butted ; him of 'the whip, -and he '-of the. whip cut in smartly and ^indiscriminately on.the corpus whenever found' of him of the long tongue. :It- might be called acom bat of cut or bolt; 'At lengthnature became exhausted in the1 knight' of 'the1 long tongue, arid lio'ceasodto-butt ; while 'he of .'the': whip' placed his implement ? of warfare'1 across his- shoulders' iii a tern-, porary manner;;looking''as '? if;' his: motto was, . ''Ready,' aye : ready.' '? As- 'far - as I coiild iiift'derstarid the knight of the - ? long tongue'. then remonstrateiWith 'his oppo nent on the use tof tho whip, declaring that withoufit he could not have achieved victory. Whereupon the generous -victor offered him fight on.; foot, without horse or whip^^ut, the liberal offer met no favor able response from Mr Pillbox,' who took his weary,' way homeward, where it is'to be hoppdjtho internal application of his fayprite l'';salts arid sbnna,'. and the put ward rubbings of carbolic acid will' effect a speedy cure of the aihn'ents' consequent on the,. encounter.. As :for ' tlie ' knight.':bf the ' whip ' he took his' triumphant )way with 'crest erect arid larice.(whip) iri'rest; as of 'a ' man who' should say;' 'Thave this day done ajmeritorious action.' ;!. !:' 