BITS OF FUN. The first pugilists ou record — The Hit-tites. A man with a cast in his eye— The sculptor. . The daughters of a laundress are growing pole for want of exeroise, and the mother says they fade because they will not wash. Henry V. belts are the latest femi nine freaks in that line. They are pro bably so called because it costs Henry a V every time his wife purchases one. A fashionable but illiterate lady, who' was travelling on the Continent, in writing to a friend, said that she bad not seen the " museum of iniquities " in Genoa. A South Carolina newspaper says : " Butter goes begging in Pickens at ten cents n pound." It is comforting to know that the Pickens butter has sufficient strength to go begging. "A Yankee describing an opponent whose person was extremely thin, says : " I will tell you what, sir — that man don't amount to a sum in arithmetic ; cast him up, and there's nothing to carry." A new trouble threatens tho country. The scarcity of help is already being felt, especially in the "West. Noarly everybody is being withdrawn from the field and shop to fill vacancies in the family of tho late A. T. Stewart. A colored preacher, in translating to his hearers the sentence, " The harvest is over, the season is ended, and thy soul is not saved," pnt it, " De corn hns been cribbed, dere ain't any more work, nnd de debbil is still foolin' wid dis community." "Sure," cried an Irishman, "and I'm heir to a splendid estate under my father's will. When he died, he ordered my brother to divide the house wid me; and, by St. Patrick, he did it — for he tuck the inside himself, and gave me the outside." " My son," said an affectionate mother to her son, who lived a little way from her, and expected in a short time to get married, " you nre getting very thin." " Yes, mother," he replied, " I am, and when I come next I think you will see my rib." " Doctor," said . a lady to her phy sician, " don't you think the small bon nets that the ladies wear now-a-days have a tendency to produce congestion of the brain ?" " No, madam ; where you see one of those bonnets there is no brain to congest." Lady — " Now, Mr Snapper, as I saw you at church last Sunday, tell me what you think of our new preacher." Snap per — " 1 think he would be a first-class martyr at the Btake." Lady — " Why so, Mr Snapper ?" Snapper — Because he is so very dry." " Well, Pat," said an inuigent mas ter to his coachman, who had just been describing the glories of a St. Patrick's Day dinner, " was your appetite Bated ?" " Sated, is it, your Honor ? Sure nn' it wasn't. It bad to shtand up aloDg wid meself most of the time. A Kansas City German goes angry with a banker of that plnce for demand ing a heavy discount, and when the banker asserted it was " business" re plied : " Pisiness ? Pisiness ? You sit in horo all day nnd rob a man bnrefneed pefore his back, and calls dat pisiness ?" A young clergyman, whose reputa tion for veracity was none of the best, ventured to differ with an old Doctor of Divinity as to the propriety of whipping children. " Why," said ho, " tho only timo' my father whipped me was for telling the truth." "Well," retorted the doctor, "it cured you of it didn't it ?" Central Pennsylvania has potatoo bugs, and as the worthy husbandman in drab wanders about his garden he remarks feelingly to his wife, " Verily, Martha, the spirit almost moves me to 1 6j "Ot with vehemence suudry of the quaint phrase's common with the lost ones of the .world's people." " Can you change this William for me ?" said a young man who presented a.OOdol. bill nt tbo counter of the Glou cester, Mass., National Bank, recently. "Yes," said the cashier, " but why do you oall it William ?" " Oh, I'm not familiar enough with this kind of a thing to call it n Bill," was tho quick reply. Do not imagine when you see ono of those broad obested statesmen got up in his pluco on the floor of tho House of Representatives that your soul is about to be aroused by a burst of sonorous oloquenoe. Ho carries his paper of chewing tobacco in bis coat-tail pocket, ond is too fat to reach it without rising. A player performing the " Ghost " in Hamlet vory badly was niuch hissed ; but, after bearing it a good while, he put the audience in good humor by stopping forward and saying : "Ladies and gentlemen, I am extremely sorry that my bumble' endeavors to please you nre unsuccessful, but if you are not satisfied I must give up the ghost." A gentlemnn afflicted with an im pediment in his speech took dinner nt a tavern and calling to a waiter addressed him thus : — " We-w-wait-er, gi-givo me mo s-s-some r-r-roast b-b-beef." The waiter stammered out in reply, " W-w-we a-a-ain't g-g-got any." At which the gentleman, highly enraged, supposing the servant was mocking him, sprang from his seat and was pro ceeding to knock him down when a third person arrested his arm and cried to him not to strike, saying : " He st-st-stutters s-s-same as w-w-we d-d- do." A Settled Question. — There aro few subjects that arc not open to debate. Cap tious disputant are to be found who are even prepared to prove that black 13 white ; but there is one point bo well settled that no one, except the man who denies the rotundity of the earth, will he likely to dispute it, viz : that as a general iuvigorant, a blood depurent, a euro for eick-licadachc, a remedy for hysteria, an nppctizing tonic and n mild cx- hilarant, Udolpiio Wolfe's Sciiiedam Ano- jiatio Schnapps is unsurpassed. 