Political Froth. BY AN ABSTAINER. THE proceedings in the Assembly were opened on Monday by the receipt of a message from his Excellency, forwarding a sucking bill to amend the Volunteer Act The little stranger was received without enthusiasm, and is scarcely likely to survive the sort of dry-nursing it will receive. Mr. Thorn took the first steps towards intro ducing a Payment of Members Bill. He snorted at Mr. Palmer, who would have all formalities observed, and he said he had no doubt that the country demanded such a measure, in order that all parts of the colony might have proper repre sentation. But he forgot to indicate who are the improper representatives at this present, and although he did look with a somewhat severe aspect in the direction of the member for Cook, that was probably a mere coincidence. Mr. Palmer graciously promised to push the measure right through, and out at the other side. He didn't think the result of the same experiment in Viotoria was encouraging. Then Mr. Stewart's penance recommenced, he having to shepherd a lot of estimates through committee. The expenses in connection with the Kate came first on, and it exuded from Mr. Stewart that although Ministers were supposed to pay their own expenses when they took plea sure trips and excursions, the country had been charged with the champagne and chicken busi ness which sped the parting and welcomed the coming of Macalister. The cream of the joke was the comfortable audacity of Mr. Thorn, who, when things were looking shabby in con nection with Mr. Macaliater's Ministry, delibe rately informed the House that the present Government knew nothing of the acts of their predecessors, and had always paid their shots. The estimable coolness of this statement took several members' breaths away, and forgot to bring them back. The salaries of police magistrates and clerks of petty sessions came on next, and every hon. member trotted out his particular protege^ and wanted to know why that eminently meritorious individual was not down for £50 increase. Mr. Palmer went for reform, however, and wanted to know all about an increase of £90 set down for a son of Macaliater's, whom that patriot had hoisted into a C.P.S.'ship over any number of older Civil servants. Mr. Thorn'ably defended the affair, on the grounds that Mr. Palmer had himself once pitchforked a man over senior officers from a salary of £150 to one of £600 a year, and that therefore two wrongs made a right But per contra it was argued that Mr. Palmer's man was efficient—the fact being that he married somebody's sister- in-law, cultivated Kangaroo Point, and could do routine work as well as any other mediocrity, and at anyrate that he was reputable and steady; while Mr. Stewart had to own up that the man for whom he was asking £90 increase had only a week before been reported for drunkenness, severely censured, and warned that dismissal would follow continuance of his unsteadiness. Fifteen patriots, including the Ministry, resisted, on division, an attempt to wipe out the proposed increase, even after that trifling circumstance bod come to light But of course they did so on principle, only I can't make out clearly what principle. Mr. Palmer persisted, however, and not even lofty principle could resist his pertinacity, for on his moving to knock off £80 out of the £90, the majority de serted their protege" in the most abandoned manner, and there was no division, so that Mr. Macalister, junior, only gets £10 increase, after all, for being reported and threatened with dismissal. I would sug gest to other Clerks of Petty Sessions that this particular method of securing annual increments is within the reach of all. The votes for the police followed, and Mr. Walter Scott ingenuously referred to rumors which he was not prepared to substantiate, while Mr. Morehead spoke of " hounding" the Com missioner of Police out of the Service, unless he could bring home to certain membere of Parlia ment charges of undue and improper interference with promotions in the force. It was not clear who was to do the " hounding," or whether Mr. Morehead had in his mind at the moment a New South Wales parliamentary oompliment about " honorable hounds." Mr. Morehead really does not appear to advantage making such dogged attacks on a public officer. The Native Police annual lamentation oame off next It appears that things are worse than usual this year. Two officers have been charged with murders outside the regular course of business. Nothing but froth came of the dis cussion, of course, and the money for next year's murders was voted as usual The vote for gaols was productive of some frothing. Mr. Stewart complacently took credit for economy in reducing the number of warders on St Helena from twenty-two to eleven, but Mr. Walsh " let down the pegs that made that music," by mischievously eliciting that ten out of the eleven men economised had been given other billets in the Civil Service, after which it was not so glaringly apparent where the economy fitted in. Further discussion ensued as to the labors allotted to prisoners at St Helena, and it transpired that the unhappy men are in many cases straining their muscles shepherding silk worms. On Tuesday the piice de remittance was the Rail way Reserves Act, and Mr. Buzacott moved an amendment, which if carried would probably have had to be regarded as a vote of want of confidence. The other Opposition members anxious for a division did not speak, with the exception of Mr. De Satge, but on the Government side the dis cussion was kept going till about the usual time for adjourning, whQU a division was taken, and the Government had a majority of four, includ ing Messrs. Lord and W. Scott. The delighted Ministry, on this, resisted a demand for an ad journment, and wanted to press the bill itself to a division, but Mr. Palmer said it would not do, as members on the Opposition side desired to speak on the principles of the bill. Mr. Thorn, flushed with victory, put that foot of his down and wouldn't hear of adjourning, and, thereupon, the Opposition Bet themselves to make a night of it, and the fiery Macrossan arose aud addressed himself to eating up the Premier. As he only took him by small bites at once, this occupied some time. Ho travellod over a variety of subjects, and amongst others commented fin the Bubject of immigration. He announced his opinion that it was vain to import population at heavy ex ' pense while prominent politicians neglected their obvious duties in that particular, instancing the Premier as a painful example of celibacy and un productiveness. He warned the Minister for Lands, who evinced a disposition to settle upon the back benches and indulge in balmy slumber, that wakefulness was an imperative necessity, lest some of that feminine surplus should swoop down from Ipswich and carry off that eligible young man, the Premier, from under his—Mr. Douglas*—melodious nose. At the witching hour of night the Speaker walked as a substitute for ghosts, none of which appeared—not even a ghost of a chance of the Ministry securing a division. In a quarter of an hour the House resumed, and so did Mr. Macros san, as fresh as ever, apparently, while Mr. More head produced his favorite volume of the En cyclopedia Brittanica, and threatened the Attorney-Ueueral with it, being prepared to take up the running should Mr. Macrossan give in, and to read choice extracts, beginning with the letter Aat the word Aaron. Mr. Macrossan had not however, got out a fraction of what he had to say when he was unkindly interrupted, and the thread of his argument broken, by Mr. Groom, who suggested a compromise, after which Mr. Pechey arose in a foggy condition, and discoursed vaguely about things in general, with the effect of thinning the benches now on his our side and emptying those opposite, only Mr. Walsh being left to keep camp aud call attention to the fact that no quorum was present The Sergeant-at-Arms thereupon played a fantasia on the bell, and when the benches were reoccupied the indomitable Macrossan resumed at the point where he had been interrupted. The Ministerial supporters slipped out by twos and threes, but were hardly allowed time for more than three gulps of Brandy and soda before the bell busi ness was renewed, and they were brought back wiping their mouths as a consequence of fatigue. Mr. Pechey was the Bubject of Mr. Macrossan's discourse, that gentleman dwelling with affection upon the manifold good qualities of the member for Aubigny, whom he tickled, as it were, with a stick of lunar caustic. Mr. Pechey endeavored to make light of the infliction by interjecting ironical cheers as the most pungent probes, but succumbed to the infliction at length, especially when snappishly requested by Mr. Edmonßtone to " shut up." About two o'clock in the morning Mr. Thorn began to show signs of flinching, and was favored with a lecture by Mr. Palmer upon his futile obstinacy in trying to force a division against the expressed determination of an Opposition which he should have known he had no means of coercing. This finished him, and he surren dered at discretion, but was pranced on by Mr. Walsh, and even Mr. Haly orated respecting him, alleging, so far as could be gathered, that the Ministry were even more injurious to the country than worms. Mr. John Scott had the last word, consisting of a reference to the Premier's white waistcoat and white feather, and at ten minutes past two the battle was over. On Wednesday the Council worked from half past three till nearly six o'clock ; and in the Assembly the Land Bill was further debated, the only cheerful incidents being a bit of word painting by Mr. Morehead, who dived into mythology, and dubbed Mr. Stewart a middle aged Cupid, a compliment not appreciated by its cherubic object, and an attempt by the Premier to teach his Attorney-General how to suck legal eggs. Messrs. Thompson and Griffith had agreed upon a new clause to be introduced, and Mr. Thorn informed the House that it would not work, but he was overwhelmed. Thursday proved an era in the history of the Legislative Council. Its members enjoyed two hours the headiest sort of froth. The trouble was about their late clerk, an unfortunate officer who had dragged out a straightened existence on a wretched pittance of £500 per annum, and had naturally been entirely impecunious and without resources during his last illness. The hon. the President had been apprised by the caterer of the Parliamentary refreshment rooms that the official in question was in extrimit at a hotel at Sandgate, and had generously made himself responsible for the ex penses of his keep, medical attendance, and ulti mately of his funeral, and now sought to be recouped by the country the amount he was out of pocket Hon. members appeared somewhat embarrassed at this complicated description of generosity, and did not appear to see their proper course with absolute certainty. The Postmaster-General was harsh enough to suggest that it was no business of theirs, and that the President's charity was too praiseworthy to be marred by any interference. Considerable unanimity was displayed in praising the generosity of the President, and the greatest re luotance to spoil it was evinced. Some how the modesty of that dignitary appeared to be alarmed r at these laudations, and a very obvious anxiety to allow the country to share his blushing honors was evinced by the excel lent Samaritan. Mr. Box suggested that the hat. should be passed round, and hon. members should each give something, and relieve the President from the overpowering sense of virtue which appeared to distress him. But this idea was not met with enthusiasm, and ultimately it was arranged to allow the President to retain the merits of his noble action, and to invite the Assembly to charge the country with the expense. In the Assembly, a festive time was passed after the first formal business had been disposed of. Mr. Douglas, by arrangement with the leader of the Opposition, proposed to postpone the private members' business in order to pro ceed with the third reading of the Land Bill. Everyone concerned had been consulted, and there was a general agreement But if one member should oppose the proceeding it could not pass, as a matter of course, and this was too splendid a chance for Mr. Walsh. He promptly made himself master of the situation, and did Borne delicious solo objecting. He revelled in the rOle of defeuder of tho liberties of the country and of the rights of Parliament, and upbraided a House too neglectful of its duties. In fact, the members of the Assembly were unanimously willing—with the exception of the patriot Walsh—to permit of the Laud Bill being read the third time; and the rights of mankind being consequently prostituted to a ferocious Douglas and a temporary convenience, with a countenance glowing with holy ardor aud crankiness he withstood creation, and stood up for regularity and formal obstruction. He was slated by Mr. Palmer, lectured by the Speaker, but resistance merely fired his soul with a nuble rage for glorious freedom. He divided the House, and carried with him Messrs. Bell, Amhurst, and J. Scott, the former apparently on a conviction of principle. Mr. Amhurst was all aglow with a grand enthusiasm to emulate Mr. Walsh, and positively refused to act as teller when so instructed by the Speaker. Mr. John Scott caught the pleasing infection, and elevated his back. The Speaker read a passage from May, and said the obstruction was frivolous, which expression sunk deeply into Mr. Walsh's bosom. He could not believe his ears. An ob jection of his frivolous ! Perish the thought; he was solemnly protecting the country. The indignities to which he was subjected became unparalleled. Mr. Morehead seriously remon strated with him, and told his disciples, without any mincing of phrases, that their conduct was a gross insult to the House. StiU Mr. Walsh bravely bore his cross, and the manly Amhurst nerved himself to bide the issue, and chuckled with deep feeling. Mr. Thorn, with some appearance of jubi lation, spoke about the power of the House to commit Messrs. Amhurst and Scott for contempt, and Mr. Griffith's instincts as prosecutor at once awoke, and he cheerfully remarked that they oould be committed to gaol. Unluckily these dismal prospects made no more impression on the offenders than castor oil would have on a graven image, and the Speaker decided that as there were no tellers on the side of the " Noes" there had been no division, and the question was simply decided in the affirma tive on the voice of the House. He then pro ceeded to call the attention of the House to the attitude of resistance assumed by Messrs. Scott and Amhurst. Mr. Amhurst proclaimed that he and his fellow-martyr meant no disrespect, and were actuated by a deep-rooted love of principle. Mr. Walsh, apparently fearing that the semi apology would be accepted, gave the trouble a fresh fillip. The Premier and Attorney-General put their heads together and produced a motion of an in- Bpireclly idiotic description—viz., that the two sinners be ordered to do their duty as tellers, and certify to the division just taken ; the fact being, as Mr. Morehead shortly after pointed out, that the Speaker had just ruled that there had been no division taken. At last, after a long speech from Mr. Walsh, ingeniously designed to complicate the tangle still more, Mr. Palmer suggested a reversion to common sense and the futility of continuing the scene. Mr. Amhurst was evidently en joying the business, and anticipating being sent to goal as the loftiest fame he was ever likely to secure. Mr. Palmer thought apologies should be tendered, and the matter allowed to subside. Mr. Scott promptly apolo gised in a solemn and stately manner, protesting his good faith with his last breath. Mr. Amhurst also apologised, but specifically excluded the Premier from the scope of his submission, and on being taken to task by Mr. Lord for that excep tion, averred that the hon. the Premier of Queensland had made a face at him just as he got in the middle of his apology. The Premier explained that he had not made faces at Mr, Amhurst. My own idea is that a fly lit upon his nose at that critical moment and made him pucker up his good- looking countenance, Matters tended to arrange themselves. Tha Speaker expressed his willingness to accept the apologies, and Mr. Thorn—no flies—dropped with some natural reluctance the idea of gaol, and wanted to withdraw his motion for the com mittal of the offenders. But Mr. Walsh would not accept defeat He objected to the with drawal of the motion. Victory or gaol—for Scott and Amhurst—was his motto. Mr. Stewart out-flanked him by proposing, as an amendment on Mr. Thorn's motion, that the apologies be accepted, which was carried, and the original proposition to take the third reading of the Land Bill was approved, leaving Mr. Walsh gnashing his teeth, and anxious to know " Is, there so arm to shield the brave V 