LAW REPORT. r SUPREME COURT. smiMos IK Eqotrr j MONDAY, MAEOH 27. (Before His Honour Mr. Justice Molesworth.) 1 I- TUB WILT. OF FBAHZ TAL-OOT j This was a rule nisi on bähalf of a Mr. Fettling, calling on Mr. Wm. Mau, a publican tn Ltttrobe-street, to show cause why probité of the will of Franz Talmont should not be granted to Fettling, who was appointed executor by the will. Mau opposed the application for probate on the ground that Talmont, at tbe time he executed the will, was incapable of knowing what he was uoiag. . . , ... His Horfoun, in giving judgment, said :_ TIIÍB coso comes before me on a rule niai for probate to a will of Mr. Franz Talmont, obtained by the executor Mr. Peter Fettling, opposed by the caveat of Mr. Wil- liam Mau, who holds a will in his favour executed 10 days earlier. Deceased was a German, by trade a tailor, a great drunkard for years, had occasionally spoken wildly about ghosts, people wanting to kill him, was apparently somewhat out of his mind, but not as far as I see having any fixed illu- sion. He died of consumption. He had previous acquaintance with Fettling and Mau, his countrymen. He pronounced his own name in a manner which produced mis- takes as to the manner of spelling it. Ac- cording to Man's evidence, up to October 7, 1875, he had been ill at a very uncomfortable .lodging. Mau wanted him to go to the Mel- bourne Hospital, which he refused to do, but went toan hotel kept by Mau. Went away, re- turned, and occupied a room there, to which some days after lie was entirely confined by illnesB. He was attended there by a doctor, who also advised him to go to the hospital. He was kept by)Mau on credit ; his box of clothes, _a, was moved from his former lodging to Man's. It contained a deposit book at a bank (Savings Institute, Market Slace), with £159 to his credit, and he irected Mau to take it in order to get money for him to pay his expenses ; hut Mau told him not to mind paying, but kept the book as security. Mau has produced evidence that while de- ceased was in his house he spoke sometimes in a rambling manner, and about ghosts, ka., but he, on the 1st of November, was privy to the deceased formally executing a will leaving him all his property. This wi'l, {_ the body and attesting clause, calls de ceased "Tolmond," and is signed with a name not easily ïeûd. AööufdiDg to Fettling's evidence, on the evening of November 8, Mr. Pausack, a common friend and countryman, brought him to the bedroom of deceased ; that deceased said he wished to be taken out of that ; that he had a doctor, who told him to go to the hospital, and be would like to do so; but Mau would not let him, and he asked Fettling to take him there, which ho promised to do. He says, farther, that de- ceased had taken liquor, but was sober; that on the morning of the 9th he went to Man's, met Pausack, that he looked for Mau at his bar and billiard-room, bat could not find him (Mau said he was throughout at the bar) ; thathe and Pausack dressed the de- ceased ; that deceased told him not to speak to Mau as to the removal, and Pau- sack and he agreed not to do so ; that he got a cab to the door ; that deceased attempted to walk down, but was too feeble, and the cabman took him on his back, and carried bim down. On the stairs they met a female servant, who asked where thoy were going. He said, "For some fresh air." They then took deceased to the hospital, where he remained until his death, which was November 19. Pausack haB been examined, and in the main agrees with Fettling, but admits that on those occasions he waa so much under the influence of liquor that his recollection is inaccurate. Returning to Fet- tling's evidence, he says that he Baw deceased again on the 10th at the hospital, who told him that be bad Bigned something at Mau's, he did not know what, and would be glad to Bee someone, as he had something to settle ; that he bimeelf weut to Mr. Nathan, a solicitor, and brought him to the hospital that afternoon, and introduced him. Now, taking up Nathan's evidence, which is mo3t material. He says that Fettling said to de- ceased this is the gentleman you wished to Bee. Deceased nodded; that Fettling left them at his request, withdrawing out of hearing; that he told deceased he was a solicitor, and understood that he wanted to see him ; deceased said he did, to make his will ; that he asked what he had ; he said money in Miller's bank. (Further ques- tioned.) No land, no shares ; he had got rid of those hehad ; nothing else. That he asked deceased what be meant to do with it ; de- ceased said he wished the hospital to get £50, and stopped. That be aBked had he a wife and ohildren ; deceased said that he had two children, but was not married to the mother, and would leave the balance to the chil- dren. That he asked if one dies with- out children before getting the money, what then ? that deceased said the other should have it Thathe aBked the children's names; deceased said George and Lizzie. That he asked the mother's name : deceased said Mary Annette. That he said their names are George and Elizabeth Annette ; deceased said "No, they wer» churched in my name. I was going to marry the mother, but she went- That he stopped him finishing. That he then asked had he friends he would luce to name executors ; that deceased said Fettling That he asked where the children were ; deceased said London-he did not know where. That he arranged to call next morning ; that deceased was very weak, but spoke slowly, distinctly, and rationally ; that he took his name, Franz Talmuth, from a tablet which hung over his head. He pre- pared the will in question, with same name, appointing Fettling sole executor and trustee, leaving £50 to the hospital clear of legacy duty, and leaving the residue of his real and personal eBtate upon trust, to convert into money and invest (details how), and as to the investment upon trust for his ille- gitimate children, in equal shares, with piovieion of survivorship either dying under age. Nathan further states that he went to the deceased the next morn- ing with the will ; read it to him, fill- ing blanks as to deceased's occupation, names of children, spelling surname (Tal- muth), and date ; that deceased said it was something right- Bomething like what he wanted ; that he proposed to call a nurse (Sarah Tierney) to witness ; deceased said, All right ;" that the will was then formally executed by deceased, held up, and witnessed by bim and Sarah Tierney, who then with- drew ; that he had kept the will since ; that he then asked deceased was there anything else he wanted ; deceased said that he wanted to tell something-that Mau had got him to sign something. He asked who Mau was ; that deceased eaid he kept an hotel in La trobe-street, which enabled him to identify ; that be asked what it (the paper signed) was ; deceased said he did not know-that Mau bad boen troubling him for some time to make his will, and had given him wine and brandy, and that Mau and two others came, and he signed something (some de- tails) ; further, that Mau had taken in mis- take his bank-book, and snatched two «ove reigUB from him, saying he would be wanting them no more (this Mau denied) ; that he told deceased to make his mind easy-ali he had to do was to try and get well ; that de- ceased said ho would try to get well if it wes only to punish Man; that he left him apparently right in his faculties, but very weak ; that of his own motion he went to the bank, inquired as to the funds and found them all right, and returncdr'next day to deceased and so reported ; that the de- ceased said the scoundrel bad not oheek enough to take the money, that he had brought with him a letter to the bank mana- ger to stop payment of the money, which de- ceased read and Bigned ; that he lodged it at the bank ; that he then pressed deceased as to the residence of his children, as London was a large place ; that deceased said their mother wau generally in Park-street, Regent's park ; that deceased asked him about his expenses, bat he said, " No matter, not to trouble himself." Mrs. Tierney contradicts this, describes deceased as weak, disinclined to speak, but sometimes speaking very ra- tionally ; getting some food to suit his fancy ; as being affeoted by the shaking of the cab which brought him, but better afterwards. The resident Burgeon of the hospital was examined,1 who remembers deceased dying of consumption, very weak, as he re- members, not delirious, not of un- sound mind, reluctant to speak. He was cross-examined as to having told Mau and his solicitor, Mr. Shea, 12 days after deceased's death, that he was incapable of making a will, which ho denied, bat re* memberedjthat some two men had spoken to him about some patient about that time. Mau and |Shea, as. witnesses, stated that he spoke : strongly of the incompetency of deceased. 'His memory on the subject ap- pears weak, and the evidence of his conver- sation deprives his testimony of any favour- able effect ! it should have had. Mr. Lange, another friend of deceased, says that he accompaniedFettling to the hospital at a time which was after the execution of the will, and saw deceased for half an hour, during which he conversed and appeared quite sound in mind, and Bent for some apples to eat. Mr. JacobBon, a witness examined for Mau,'des-, cribes deceased as one whose .manner Was always'strange, and who often spoke unrea ' sonably. He says .that for ft long, time.he would not go to hospital, hat oa November 7 .requested him'to take him (here.. Fettling"» 1 evidence is I strong as to j (¡he competency of 1 deceased; He'trikes no benefit under the will ¡unless we anticipate his fraudulently abusing ibis powers aa executor. If we imagine bim as a procurer of it, he might as easily have procured a will in his own favour. As to the imputation of removing deceased from Man's house, I think he was warranted ¡by what deceased bad said to him in doing BO without informing Mau, and that on the whole his account of his own conduct and motives is probable. Nathan's evidence is most material, showing details of conversa- tions testing the intelligence of the de- ceased. He learned from him the fact of the execution of a former paper, and of Man's possession of his bank-book, which he could have learned in no other way. A solicitor told that a man's property consistod only of money in bank, and that b. left all residue to children, might reasonably draw a will leaving all real and personal property to them, as what the testator would do if he had property not known to him. As to making a legacy clear of duty, a testator generally would so instruct as would warrant the preparation of a will road before executor accordingly. The expres- sion of approbation after the will was read to deceased I would think sufficient to war- rant the execution. I would take it to mean, "I approve of tbe dispositions so far as I understand them. There are some details which I do not quite understand, but I rely on you for their being right," which, I appre- hend, is all that testators feel in many un- questioned wills with which I deal. Regard- ing Nathan as a young professional man want-" ing to do buBinosa, he might, after the state- ments of deceased, go to the bank to see if all was right, and prepare the letter to it. His ac- count of his own conduct in the whole matter ÍB reasonable and just Theie is a discre- pancy between him and Fettling as to their going together from the hospital, which I do not think discredits their evidence. The evidence as to the aberrations of mind of the deceased, at the utmost, is not such as to their permanence as would make me say tbat it would be necessary to show that tbe wil WOB made in a lucid interval ; and if it were I would think Nathan's evidence sufficient as to the variouB improbabilities in the con duct of deceased urged against his in telligence. It is said he never speke of these illegitimate children. Men having such and doing nothing for their support would probably not speak of them, and yet might prefer tha- their property should go to them rather than strangers. Deceased oicflh expresse- 2 disinclination to going to hos- pital, saying that few w'îîô wen; :_. came out alive. That might be a kind of superstition or an opinion unfavourable to the manner of treatment, but repeated advice might change that disinclination, and a wish to make a will, coupled with what he said of Man's treatment of him, if true, would afford a very rational and probable motivo for changing. Then, as to the large legacy to the hospital. Dying men are often liberal to charitable objects, giving after their deaths what they grudge during their lives. His treatment at the hospital, although short, might have given him a favourable opinion of that institution. As to the caveator, his readiness to avail himself of the will executed November 1 is strong against his evidence of the incompetency of the deceased on the lltb, as he offers no evidence to show that it had increased in the interval I make the rule nisi absolute, with costs. COONEY V. COONEY. This was an administration-suit, instituted by William Cooney on behalf of himself and other creditors of Patrick Cooney, a boot- maker, to have the assets distributed. The defendant was Thomas Cooney, the executor of the deceased. Mr. Gregory appeared for plaintiff; Mr. Dwyer for the defendant His HONOUR made the usual decree for an account of the assets of the deceased and of the debts that he owed. The Court adjourned till Thursday. NEW COURT-HOUSE -TUESDAY, MARCH 28, SITTINO IN BANCO.-EASTER TERM. (Before their Honours Mr. Justice Fellows and Mr. Justice Stephen.) TRACY V. LUKE, Mr. WALKER moved foro new trial in this case, on the ground of the verdict being against evidence and misdirection on the part of the judge who tried the cause, and also of the improper reception of evi- dence. The action was one for libel, to which the defendant pleaded not guilty and justification, and the jury returned a general verdict forthe defendant It was contended that there was no evidence to support tbis finding, especially on the plea of justifica- tion. It was also submittedthat certain evi- dence had been improperly received at the trial. The COURT granted the rule nisi for a new trial on the ground of the improper reception of evidence, but intimated that there was no necessity for the application as to the ptea of justification. If the verdict was inadvertently taken for the defendant on that plea, it might be amended on an application in chambers to correct the findings in accordance with the notes of evidence. SMART V. O'C-LLAGIUN. Mr. BILLING, for the defendant, moved for a new trial in this case, on the ground of the mproper reception of evidence, the verdict being against evidence, and misdirection. The action was brought to recover damages from Messrs. O'Callaghan and Swan for mis- representations as to the takings of Bau mann's café in Swanston-Btreet whereby the plaintiff was induced to purchase the café. It was alleged that the defendant had repre- sented the takings were £80 per week, whereas after the plaintiff entered into possession they averaged about £60. The jury gave a verdict for plaintiff, damages £622. In sup- port of the allegation that the takings could not have been £80 during the time B_u mann had the café, a book was put ia evi- dence showing the amount that Mrs. Smart took after she went into possession. It was contended by Mr. Billing tbat this evidence was inadmissible, inasmuch as it only proved tbe amount after Mrs, Smart entered upon tbe business, and not what they were before. It was proved by a number of witnesses that tbe attendance at the cafe had graatly fallen off, owing to a variety of reasons, principally on account of the way that Mrs. Smart con- ducted it. It was also submitted that the judge was wrong in telling the jury that they might give what damages they pleased. The COURT refused the rule, holding that the evidence objected to was admissible; and as to the damages, the jury appeared to bave given tbe right amount, namely, the difference between what she had paid, and what she afterwards realised from the s ile. MACMAHON V. YOUNG. Mr. Higinbotham obtained a rule nisi for a new trial, or to enter judgment for the plaintiff. RAT V. SYNNOT. Mr. HOOD moved for a rule nisi for a new trial on the ground of the verdict being against evidence, and also of misdirection. The plaintiff sued for malicious prosecution, in that the defendant caused him to be arrested on warrant for breach of truBt. The evidence was to the effect that Ray was m partnership with a woolstapler named Jowett, i That Synnot advanced them about £S0O for the purposes of the business. Ray said he expected £1,000 from England tbrough Connell, Hogarth and Co,, and be gave an order on that firm for payment of the advance by Synnot A Bum of £1,000 did arrive from England a sbort time before the acceptance to Synnot fell due, It however, came not tbrough Connell, Hogarth, and Co., ,but tbrough Paterson, Ray, Palmer, and Co. Plaintiff lodged the money in the Union Bank to his own credit. He also Baw Synnot and told him that the money had come, and Synnot said "All right. Plaintiff shortly after drew out all the money oxcepl about £170, and went to Sydney with it, where Tie was arreBted. He said he had gone there oa the spree with a girl, and had no intention to defraud any one, He was brought to Mel- bourne, bntwasdischargedat the Police Court It was contended by Mr. Hood that the do fendant had no cause for what he had done. He ought to have known that the plaintiff had not committed any breach of the law, and tbatl he could not be apprehended in Sydney for the offence alleged against him. The Chief Justice told the jury that if they believed that Synnot bad told all the faots to his attorney, and acted on his advice, it was an answer to the action. It was sub- mitted that this wes not a proper direction, and that the defendant should have shown that he stated all the facts to his counsel, and acted'on his advice. The COURT refused to disturb the verdict It did not follow because a man went on tho Bpree, as \ it was termed, that he there- fore did not take other people's money; and it was rather strange he should go away with £600. All that had now to be con- sidered was whether the defendant was told of the plaintiff's movements, and really be- lieved that he had committed the offence. There was evidence that be did entertain such a belief, and that he had reasonable grounds for it. Rule for new trial refused. THE QUEEN V. HIE LIOBKSINCl JUSTICE. AT | PENSHURST. Dr. MACKAY moved for a rule nisi for a mandamus] to compel the licensing justices to hold a sitting and to entertain an applica- tion made by Mr. A. S. Lane for'a pub- lican's licence. It was sworn that Lane had applied fot the licence of 4. ppblic house ; that there was no'oppositioü to it ; that the magistrates considered the house agO'od one, , but ' they refused' the ' application' 6n the :groupd of the absence of police _up.rvi_.on, ' It was submitted by Dr. Mackay tbat this ¡was an error on the part of the justices, as no such objection was allowed by the act. Mr. Justice FELLOWS -It appears that the justices have heard and decided this case. Tbey bave refused the application. You want us now to compel them to decide ia a particular way, and to grant the applica- tion. I Dr. MACKAY urged that if the justices had made an error this court would rectify it I Mr. Justice FELLOWS.-They may have been erroneous in tbeir decision, but as they have decided, wo cannot compel them to bear the matter over again. The proper remedy is to appeal. 1 BLAKE V. L/-ÍE. Rule nui to enter a verdict for the defen* dant Mr. A'Beckett and Mr. Wrixon moved the order absolute ; Mr. Higinbotham. and Mr, Williams showed cause. : Judgment was reserved. The Court adjourned till next day. INSOLVENT COURT. ' i TUESDAY, ' M_non' 28. (Before his Honour Judge Noel.) BE JOBN MELVILLE. i An examination was held in the estate of John Melville, of William-street, publican. 1 Mr. Lawes appeared for the assignee, and Mr. Rippon for Mr. John WoodB, brewer. 'John Melville, the insolvent, examined, said that he had carried on business at the Four Courts Hotel, William-street, as a publi- can, He began business in June, 1875, with no capital of his own, but Mr. Craig lent him £1C0. Bought part of the furniture for the hotel from Nathan, and paid him tbe £100. The rest of the furniture be obtained on credit from certain firms. Some wines and spirits which he bought from Currie and Sewell were included in a bill of Bale that he gave to Woods and Sons, brewers. He owed Nathan about £5'J now, for money lent, but not on account of furniture. Supposed the furniture in his house worth about £900. Calculated that he lost about £5 per week in his business. It was likely enough that he told Nathan that he was making £15 per week profit Would not contradict Jacobson or Macdowell if they said he told Nathan so. Accounted princi- pally for the deficit of £800 not accounted for in his schedule by his having paid off old debts contracted before he began business in I the b'olel. Before he went into the hotel he was a traveller for M'Cracken and Co. Ha could only give a 'ist from recollection of per. BOOB to whom he owed money when he commenced business. The amount of the debts in such a list would be about £800, and about half of that amount was for gambling debts. Had not paid any of the gambling debls since he went into business, but he gave Coleman an acceptance about two months ago for £00. The acceptance was not due yet Had nearly paid off the £100 of the £800, which was not due for gambling debts. The gambling waB horse racing and billiards. Lost a great deal of money in his dealings on the turf, his IOBSBS being much more than his winnings. Had betted since he went into the hotel, but thought he had won just enough to cover his losses. Had played cards with friends and customers at loo up to a guinea, and whist at six- penny points. Thought that on the whola he had won at the card-playing. The debts of £50 to Carter and £50 to Webb were gambling debts. Carter appeared in the Bcbedule at £16, but it ought to have been £00. The £1G was due for tea, and the balance on cords. He still owed the £400 on gambling debts which he owed when he went into businesB, and from £40 to £00 more incurred since. On the 18th January of tbiB year ho gave a bill of sale for £800 to Woods and Sons, brewers. It included every- thing he had, and left him with nothing at all to pay his other creditors. Also gave Woods and Sons his life policy. At the time he gave the bill of sale he owed them £20 for goods, and he obtained from them an ad- vance in cash of £800. That transaction was tbe first he had with Woods and Sons, and he paid the money be received from them to his creditors. It was his inten- tion to have sold the property covered by the bill of sale, but Nathan got a debtor's summons against him, and he could not ob- tain the sanction of the proprietor of the hotel to a transfer of his lease. Woods and SonB had taken possession of the property, and he transferred the hotel to Macdowell at their request, about 12 o'clock on the day when the rule for the sequestration of his eBtate was made absolute. He kept a day- book marked A, and commenced it when he went into the hotel. The day-book marked B he commenced on the 28th December, 1875\. Several pages were torn out from book B. They were torn out for waste paper, or to obtain a bit of blotting paper. The £800 went into the English and Scottish Chartered Bank, and he drew cheques on it There were cheques to the amount of £140 paid in to his account on the day before he borrowed the £800. None of the cheques drawn after 18th January were for gambling debts. John Woods, of Woods and Son, brewers, was also examined. He said tbe total amount owing by insolvent to their firm was £1,170 9s, lod. Had not Bold the property included in the bill of Bale. The whole of that pro- perty would fetch at auction about £400 or £500 Their firm had obtained a licence for Macdowell for the Four Courts Hotel. It wa- the only publichouse they held in another person's name. Macdowell was a traveller in their omploy. He (witness) was owner of many pubhehouses, but not licensee of them. The examination then closed. 