THE DRUNKEN M.L.A. A facetious writer in the Courier, in reference to recent parliament proceedings says:— But the real business was the Land Bill, at which members settled down to work as if they meant business. Mr. Pechey especially addressed himself to it, like & giant very .much refreshed. He made some lengthy but veiy vagaie remarks. Like the ghost of Ham let, senior, be did a tale unfold. It was his coat-tele, and Mr. Foote pulled him down by i it. After tea his spirits had risen high, nearly up to his throat. " Oh, sleep, it is .a gentle thing i" as Coleridge says. Me. Pechey went in for a share .of .the " gentle thing," and on a division occurring, was in sensible. As Mr. Pechey seldom is sensible, it is strange that any particular notice should hare been taken .of this fact. But the teller omitted to reckon him with the ayes, and Mr. Macrossan complained that so important a member should have been passed over. Here was a gentleman of intelligence and reputation so remarkable that the electors con sidered themselves honoured in securing him as their representative in the Parliament of the colony, and his rote on a subject deeply affecting that constituency had not been taken into account. Mr- "Pechey maintained a philo sophic disregard of the remarks affecting him, and continued to slumber like a lovely and innocent infant. , Mr. Morehead appeared touched at the spectacle, and sent .the mes senger for a pillow for jthe sweet sleeper. The tellers were reproached =for .omitting to take so influential and interesting a mem ber's vote into account. 33iey had nothing to offer in excuse except the paltry sugges tion that Mr. Pechey's vote could .lordly be counted, .and no one could judge-liow he would like at ±0 go. The iact of=a .high-bred gentleman choosing- a particular bench to snore upon could scarcely be accepted as con clusive evidence of his sentiments "mth regard to a debate which he had not heard, and a question of which he had sad consciousness. As the Courier'a report, put it, still maintained his serene unconsciousness, and " refrained from taking any part is. the, discussion." The tellers had to give way and record the " vote" on "behalf of the ayes. He was the cynosure of all eyea. The House went On with the Land Act without any frothing, and by-and-by Mr. Pechey aroused himself from balmy sleep, and made Ms way out with a solemn air of self approval which, as resulting from utter unconciousness that he had been the hero of a long discussion, and had achieved fame while he slept, was extremely diverting. Mahomed aus under Beitish Role.—Lord Derby, in reply to the second deputation which waited upon him with reference to the war between Turkey and Servia, is reported to have said that we have had 40,000,000 Mahomedaa subjects in India, " or nearly so." The total number of Mahomedans in British territory in India, according to the great census of 1871-72, was 40,882,537, and it is considered by those best qualified to judge that even this represented an under estimate. In all probability, therefore taking into account the Mahomedans in native States, there are.not fewer than 5.0,000,000 Mahome dans over whom we exeercise more or less direct control in India. They are divided as elsewhere, into Shias and Sunnis, but the proportion of the two sects is not given. The distribution is as follows :—Bengal, 19,553,831 Punjab, 9,337,685 ; North-West Provinces, 4,1-89,348; Bombay, .2,870,450 ; Madras, 1,857,857 ;Oude, 1,197,704 ; Assam, I,104,601.; Central Provinces, 233,247 ^ My sore, 208,991 ; Berar, 154,951 ; British Burmah, SS.,846; Ajmere, *62,722 Coorg, II,304: total, 40,882,537. These figures are greatly in excess of any estimate which had been framed in anticipation of the results of the -census. The most surprising facts were that they numbered more than j 20,000,000 in Bengal and Assam together, and that in some districts they formed 80 per cent, of the population. These seems little reason to doubt that the Mahommedans have' gamed ground far more rapidly among the Hindoos under our rule that they did in the days of their own supremacy, and there is ■nothing to show that the rate of their ad vance in this direction has slackened daring the last four years. It is remarkable that there are only 896,958 Christians in our Eastern Empire. Not only do our colonial youth take high honours in the English Universities in the departments of learning (says the S. M. Her ald), but they are also to the fore in rifle shooting. Our attention has been drawn to The Oxford and Cambridge Undergraduates' Journal, which contains accounts of rifle competitions amongst the members of the First Oxford (University) Rifle Volunteer Corps, and one of the Most Successful of the marksmen was Sergeant 0. J. Jenkins, second son of Dr. Jenkins, of Nepean Towers. This gentleman made the principal score out of thirteen competitors in the fourth competi tion for the Doyle Gap in May, and daring; the same month carried off another cup with a score of 74, made the highest score in a match of scratch fours, was fourth in a com petition for Wimbledon, chosen as one of six to shoot at Cambridge for the bronze medal annually given to the Universities by the National Rifle Association, qualified to enter for the St; George's Vase, tied with another University rifleman for the Prince of Wales Gup (his opponent afterwards winning it), and chosen as one of the twelve entitled to compete at Wimbledon for the Queen's prize. The London Hour devotes what it calls its " Pillory Column" to the dissection and ex posure ot questionable financial transactions —especially those connected with the floating of companies. In the pursuance of this self imposed duly it impugned the conduct of a Mr. Lancaster, whose witty retort was an action for damages. The editor of the " Pillory Column," 'by the advice of his solicitors, consented in court to a verdict against him carrying 100 guineas damages and plaintiff's costs. He had at that time no idea what " plaintiff's costs" meant. He became fully alive to the situation when he received an attorney's bill for £1592 3s. 6d.! The operation of taxing only reduced-the amount by £230 14s. 8d. So the Hour for general information has published in six closely-printed columns what it calls -"The Notorious Bill of Costs." This step has in duced a flood of correspondence, and has, I hear, created more stir in London legal circles than the most mysterious murder case. 