GENERAL NEWS. t Harry Giles was cliarged, on remand, at tlie Adelaide Police Court, on Monday morning,, witli being the person for whom a warrant had been issued for the murder of an aboriginal at Wentworth. He Was further remanded till Tuesday, October 10, when he will be taken to New South Wales in charge of P.G. Harper, of - the New South Wales police, who gave evidence .aptd his identity. ' f The following is Monday morning's weather report on the Adelaide and Port Darwin telegraph line:—Beltana, clear, fine; Strahgways Springs, clear, fine, cool; Peake,. clear, fine, cool; Charlotte Waters, clear; Alice Springs, clear, cool; Barrow Creek, clear, fine, pleasant; Tennant Creek, clear, fine, warm; Powell Creek, clear, fine, cool ; Daly Waters, clear, fine; Katlierine, clear, fine, pleasant; PinejCreek, cloudy, warm; Yam Creek, clear, fine; Southport, clear, fine, warm; Port Darwin, fine,pleasant." Two large photographs of the steam dredge Willunga, now on her voyage out from England, may be seen in the shop window of the Adelaide Photographic Company. At-the half-yearly meeting of the Wine -and Spirit Company, held at Morton's Southern Cross Hotel last'week, Messrs. H. C. C. Muecke and W. J. Bailey were re-elected directors, and Messrs. C. Banbury anid W. t. Ware auditors. From the directors' report it appeared that the profits, did "hot. justify any.dividend for the half year. There was a sum of £305 19a. 3d. to the credit of the profit and loss account. It was stated- that the directors intended to make some alterations in the working of the com pany, which would considerably reduce work ing expenses. . .. , We have seen at Mr. W. S. Whiting ton's office some- fine samples of gold- bearing stone, discovered last week . at Echimga by two working men. The stone is*a kind of gossau cement with clay, slate, and a little quarts, and fine gold may be plainly seen in it. We believe thati there is more gold below the surface at Echuca than has.yet been raised.. The Narracootfe Herald of September 26 sjtates -that"on-Saturday morniug last our township was startled by the report that Dr. Water, master of the Narracoorte Academy, had! made a desperate attempt to commit suicide by cutting his throat, and otherwise in juring himself. On enquiry the report was fouqd to be too true.'" On.Saturday; morning, though lie got up as usual, it was noticeable that, he was somewhat troubled iii mind, but; such as not to give sdarm.. After breakfast he \irent out tp give some pupils their.music lessons .' at their _ private residences. It. appears after this, he immediately re turned to his lodgings, locked himself up in his bedroom, and committed the terrible act. It was not long before he was discovered, and medical'jassistaiice was at . once .sent. for. Dr. Gunning was quickly ih attendance, and assisted by Dr. Mustarde, from Kobe, did all that .could ■ possibly be done.' The throat wound is a very serious one, and extends from ear to ear, the wind-pipe being also Severed. There are also three very bad cuts on each arm, which were evidently inflicted at first with :a view of bleed-, ingto death", but finding they were not sufficient it-is supposed he cut his throat. He. was;takeu to the Mount" Gambler Hospital yesterday. Slight hopes are entertained,of his recovery." His stated in the Mount Gamhier paper, ■of^September 30 that?' the,first wool of:the sea son for Fort MacDonnell—tiYO loads—passed through here yesterday afternoon. _ It came from Mr. J. ^Robertson's Elderslie station. Wo are informed that Mr. Robertson has made up his mind not to avail himself of the Narra coorte railway, preferring the fiad the quick Tdispatch and gbo^k treatment. he- has always-got at PortM^BOhnell."' ThelMted Amateur Dramatic Club are —to give, an eatertainment.iaAVhite'ajioom&thia; - evening. ~ "" The Chief Justice -will attend in Cham-. . bersevery day this week, at 11 o'clock, except^ ing^j/urday. ~ ~ ' ; • •.J'- The annual meeting in. connection with' the Adelaide Benevolent and Strangers' Friend Society will beheld in Chalmers Church School room this evening. His Honor the Chief justice is to preside. The Sydney Moming HeraM states that for the current year 2,466 public-houses have been licensed in New South "Wales. Of these no leas than 668 are in Sydney, and 105 in New castle. It is proposed by the. directors of the Glenelg Railway Company <to stop trains at the . South-road on and after to-day. Those which will be stopped are the 1.15 and 6.30 ;from-Ade laide, and the 11.30 and 5.45 from Glenelg. Mr. W. Either, butcher, of Bundle-' street, has killed the bullock which obtained the first prize at $he recent Agricultural Show - in Adelaide. The ox, which was one of the Canowie herd, weighed 15 cwt., and was a mag nificent animal. The new street leading from the Unley road to FuUarton was formally opened on Saturday afternoon, September 30. Mrs. Codd, wife of the.Mayor of TXnley, performed the ceremony, naming the new thoroughfareWattle street. There was a large gathering present to ' witness the proceedings. There was only a moderate attendance at the promenade concert in the Botanic Gardens on Saturday afternoon last. This was doubtless in some measure due to the athletic sports which were being held on the Cricketing Oval, and possibly to the weather experienced in the morning. The band performed in excellent style, and submitted a good programme. Our Yarcowie correspondent, writing on September 28, says:—" We have been visited with the heaviest fall of snow known in the colony by any one here. The country to the north and north-east of Gottleib's Well is covered as far as can be seen, hills and plains alike, about three inches deep. The storm seems to have come from the north-west." The man Egan, who was injured on Friday, September 29, by falling down the hold of the brig Mayflower, at Port Adelaide, was removed to the Adelaide Hospital on Saturday afternoon.. He is still in a precarious condition, although ha has regained consciousness. The lad Joseph Hardy, who fell from the upper floor of Messrs. Newman & Son's bonded store, is still unconscious. A young man named John Rourke, in the employ of Sir. Gray, at Athelstone, met with an accident on Saturday afternoon, September 30. He was engaged in driving a horse-power pump ing machine,. when, hearing a click in the machinery, he went to see if anything had gone wrong, and approaching too near, his foot was. caught in the machinery, which crushed his toes. He was immediately conveyed to the Hospital where one of his toes was amputated and another sewn up. . . The meeting of the captain of the steamer Greece with the adventurous mariner who re cently made the voyage from Massachusetts to Liverpool in a small skiff or "dory" is thus described in the Alta California of August 15:—"A _ Troy, gentleman, who has been, on a visit to London, and who returned by the! steamer Greece, reports that in mid ocean the watch at the bow reported to the captain that he descried ahead what seemed to be part of a wreek. As it neared the ship •the object was discovered to be a small skiff, and in the darkness the figure of one man was descried. The captain immediately gave orders to stop the engines and get the ropes ready to pull the man on board. The sea was . running high. The skiff came quite near to the ship, appearing and disappearing at intervals. Now on the top of an immense wave level with the deck of the vessel, the next minute hidden from sight in the billows. The captain, calling to know who was in the boat, was answered in a strong German accent, ' I am John Johnson, from Gloucester, Massachusetts.' He told further that he was bound to Liverpool; that his skiff was named Centennial, and that he had been out 15 days. He then asked the captain to compare the reckonings. His was long. 46 deg., lat, 39deg.; the captain's was the same. Johnson informed the cap tain that he slept by day, and before going to sleep he took in his rudder and took down alfhis sails; during sleep his craft drifted with the^ waves. He was awake at nights, Johnson'sits in the centre of his boat, with a lamp burning before him, exposing the dial of what seemed to be a compass. The deck afore and aft is covered with canvass, under which,beside the compass and lamp, were several barrels, containing, no doubt, provisions, water, &c.; The captain made a final appeal to him to come on board, stating that if he refused he would probably regret it when the vessel was out of his reach. To this Johnson emphatically answered, ' No, sir; good night,' and throwing his sails to the wind was soon lost to sight." On Saturday evening the pantomime of "Prince Darling, or the fairy snowdrop," was produced at the Royal, and caused much enter tainment. There was a large attendance, except in the dress circles, and young and old . laughed-heart-ily at the comicalities of the per- i formers. The piece is supposed to be Aus tralian in its scenes, and with ghosts, sprites, fairies, and magicians, belonging rather to the old world. There come or follow a kangaroo, an emu, aboriginals, and bushmen, mnlring altogether a peculiar medley. The text is lively, and local hits were introduced, but the meaning was to a great extent lost in the de livery. Mrs. Towers sang well; Miss Daley's fine voice was often heard to advantage, and this young lady had to respond to encores; and the dances were good. Mis3 Rosa Towers ! played Prince Darling with vivacity, and her little sister won great applause and several encores by her sprighly intelligent acting and delivery. Mr. Towers seemed quite at home in the part of the clown; Mr. Carey was equally efficient as pantaloon;Mr.Brown kept the game alive as harlequin; and. Miss Dolly Forde was a graceful Columbine. The other characters were fairly rendered, and the pieee ran smoothly with the exception of a few hitches, principally in connection with, the Davenport Brothers' ; burlesque, which was not a success. The panto mime will be repeated to-night. * 