INNOCENCE AND HATRED. ON the coast of Scotland, where the sea is constantly encroaching on the land, carrying with it into forgetfulness many of the saddest as well as of the most beautifulthings,lies an ancient burying-ground, whose moss-grown headstones tell of hearts broken and hopes shattered centuries ago. The walls of the chapel, Hugh Miller tells us, still stand ; but the floor is covered with rank grass and fallen stones ; and now and then an open grave appals the sight, and tells how vain are all the efforts of love to keep the dead in long remembrance. The wall which once surrounded this home of the dead was an embankment of earth, with elms and oaks, now grown old, planted at equal distances in it. 1’ortiona of it still stand, buttime and ocean have madefied havoc in that which cost such labour to bands long folded under the sod. Several yards beyond this wall will he found, if sought for. a large dark slab, overshadowed with foliage so dense as to exclude the sunbeams, and almost the light. It tells us that Sandy Wood, who died in 1090, sleeps here, by his own request, and that his wife and children lie beside him. A stiange choice, in one who had lived peacefully among his neighbours, to lie apart from them in death—like the murderer and the suicide of long ago. Hut tradition the authentic hook of the old Scot 1has kept faithful record of the unwritten life of the 6imple, erring, yet noble Sandy Wood. He was an honest, gentle hearted creature, a little lacking in that gift so needful in this wise world—common sense. He was warm as a friend, but, like most weak-minded people, proved bitter as a foa. Poor himself, he was ever the friend and helper of those poorer than he; and often he was known to go out and urge unfortunates to come in and partake of his simple fare. Sandy’s nearest neighbour, whose house was separated from his by their two gardens, was a great rogue on a small scale. He thought himself a wit, because expert at playing off small1 jokes and tricks on his asso ciates. He had thus made many enemies, and there were few left to confide in him ; hut he had long a firm friend in poor Sandy, who, though he had himself suffered from his pranks, without knowing the perpetrator, was his champion when others charged him with lying and divers acts of villany. Sandy Wood lived in an age of superstition, and his weak mind was a fine medium for seeing ghosts, fairies, and warning lights; so that he ex celled all his townsmen in a wild faith in un earthly sights and sounds. It was his custom to confide all such alarms to his roguish neighbour, and from his strength to seek sympathy and protection. The times grew hard, and year after year Sandy’s little garden yielded’less and less. At length he took it into his head, that under the hand of some vicious fairy, “it was shrinking like tartan in a fulling mill." And he bravely resolved to measure it ! His sus picions proved true, and many feet of land had already been spirited away from him! He at once revealed this terrible state of affairs to bis neighbour, who fell in with his solution of the mystery, and sympathised deeply with him. Poor unsuspecting Sandy eowed, not knowing whether he or the fairies would reap, and feared lest some night the cottage itself might be borne off as mys teriously, with its sleeping inhabitants. From the easy-minded creature he had been, he now iell into deep despondency, and lived in con stant fear, glancing every little while over his shoulder to make sure that y.0 ''banshee” was after him. One morning, just at peep of dawn, Sandy heard an unusual noise in his garden, very much like clicking of little spades. Tremb ling in every limb, he crept on his hands and knees to the window, expecting to see myriads of “ brownies” carrying off another piece of his ground. What was his amazement, how ever, to see his neighbour, with an iron bar> prying up the flat stones that marked the boundary line, preparatory to taking another slice ir.to his own enclosure 1 All his friend ship for the man instantly turned to hate ; and he dashed down stairs and seized him with the fury inspired by his treachery and villany. The thief was weak in body, but powerful with his tongue, while poor Sandy was slow of speech, and, when excited, could say nothing at all. The screams of the rogue brought the neighbours from their beds, who soon released him from the grasp of the in jured Sandy. Then, in eloquent strains, the wretch harangued the crowd, telling them that as he lay' peacefully in bed he heard a sound, and looking out, saw old Sandy Wood remov ing the land-marks! Sandy tried to explain his wrongs; hut be tween the passion that con vulEcd him, and the voluble interruptions of his foe, he could say nothing, hut stood trembling like a guilty cul prit. The evidence seemed so plain, thatnot withstanding his previous good character, the verdict was against him, and he went to his home a crushed and ruined man. His soul wasfilled with bitterness and hate towards the one who had wrought his ruin ; and after this he thought and talked of nothing else, and in dying he left his enmity as a legacy to his children. He told them he could get no justice here, but at the last day his case would be tried righteously. It seems that in the days of darkness, when that region was under the sway of monks, the people had been taught that they were to be finally judged on a moor, jnst beyond the burying-ground alluded to; and this statement had come down as an article of faith among the superstitious. So poor Sandy commanded his sons to lay him outside the burying ground, nearer to the moor; so that “at the rising” he might have a chance to tell his story before bis artful neighbour could arise to talk him down ! And with this enmity in his heart, he charged his family to make their beds beside him, far from bis foe, and nearer to justice. And the sunken graves, more than two centuries old, tell howfaitbfully they ful filled his wishes ; a sad tale of undying hate excusable only on the ground of his weak in tellect. Many there are, far wiser than poor Sandy Wood, who pass through life cherishing a ha tred which finally becomes a part of their being, goes down to the grave with them, and is left to their children, a terrible heritage. Many seem to think themselves justified in keeping alive an enmity, if it be founded on real wrong, refusing to forgive, “ becaus# they have been cruelly or unjustly dealt i with,” when without this treatment there could he no forgiveness. Those who have received injustice ate more likely to err in ‘ cherishing hatred through life than those who ] have inflicted it; as the consciousness of ] guilt may lead the laUcr to repen(ancei while the assurance of uprightness in the f first may cause them to forget they are ( bound to love all men—even their enemies— and to forgive as they hope to be forgiven True pardon does not imply a ncac.s°ity 0‘ justifying sin. We may hold i„ abhorrence , the spirit and acts of others towards us, and never change our views, unless wrong shall become right: and jet we may so overcome j our nature as to leave him who has com mitted the offence with his Judge, and lie r down at last without the shadow of revenge or of hatred in ihc breast. 1 Where, then, docs sin lie in this matter}1 \ We certainly are not bound by the law of love to associate on terms of friendship with those who have wantonly wonndcd us in heart or injured us in estate ; nor yet'with those whose principles and manners are offen sive to our taste ; but when the Searcher sees that we desire evil on such, or that we re joice in their sorrows, when our own hearts tell us. that we would rather injure than bless them, then we have fallen into the sin of Sandy Wood. We then stand on forbidden ground, for we have t.aken judgment into our own hands, and unless God soften the heart we shall die with that hatred that craves sentence of evil against our foe at the last dav, cruelly desiring to be the first witness against him. If, however, we can do good to our enemies with the heart, we have for given them. Poor frail pilgrims that we are, all alike dependent on the mercy of heaven, and need ing each other’s aid and sympathy in the wilderness, how strange it is that a common lot does not make us common friends ! How strange that a little difference of opinion, or an overweening selfishness, should have power to separate brethren of one family. But “ these offences must come," and there is a woe spoken on those by whom the offence cometh ; let those on whom they have come beware lest, dwelling on them and hugging them to the heart, they may warm into vipers there, and bring a woe on them also. 