[?] When a tattings' ddeS : sh^4®fc do5 ii, on pttr puss? Shesiniply ^ 6^ i^t63a-iBSeW|iiersdftj 7. Theveiyiast'cTO'os?^s^6^tfolEM^^I*|iC is a wheel that came oif a'db^S^awBittif im . ajjva^MsnThBCinan^rwho' odiscovJer^ it fca*' retjredrfepm puhlicdife. c :'r :d rr.:: j; ; V-^ A-ma^asboastiB»^iiatb^ bad been toarrled ? foptwin^TOaraandhad never given bis wjfe aTcMSswOTtTfio'se wfioknbw' him soy hedid^t. Asip-tpy '?';;? ;. -?; .;;;?. .„';;.;'_': r-L;.'p ' j.,!t:. -' A! rfiise by any other\riame.sinells just as sweejb to us,'«rice-this bUvbed gola 'as 'god- liji id to . our'ead. '?' . -* v '_ - ; Woman has many advantages ovec; man; one of them is ihat his will !&as; no dperation till he &-rdead, whereas hers generally takes effect in her lifetime. . . .?;*? c ' ?- r i ?- '?'--?'? ? : '.. Chira Louise; Keltogg tells uriia^iths. She says she wouldn'tmarrythebeBt maniri America. It £b a joke, however. She knows ^re've 'been * married a number of years. -. - ' r .'} 'teat Tla.y.p—Yopng Mistress t '' Ifs your Sunday out next week, Jane, isn't it?' Jane : ** Lor? rmum ! . -Why, t you've \ forgotten ! Hfjs : yours!' ? ;'-'.:„['; ' ? ' '?..'''..' '? - . ' '. 'Ttfy onthankful hearers,' said a backwood teacher, 'you are Eke onto hogs eatiri acorns. They never look- Tip to; see where the acorns ' cemefrom.' : -A Western .paper said : w Talk afout the wind blowihgthe grasshoppers away. Orie of: them faced' Monday's gale for an hour, -arid then yanked a shingle off a house for a fan, saying it wasawfully -sultry.''-. - :'-.:. - . -. Qnoin, the actor, being asked by a lady why there were more women in the world than men, ,- replied,:' It is in conformity with the- other arfarigeriients of nature j-we always see more of heaven: than of earthy ; , ' You can do anything if you have patience,' said an old uncle, who had made a fortune, to his nephew, who had nearly spent one. 'Water may be carried .'in a sieves- if you Lonly wait.' '. How long?' asked ithe petulainf spendthrift, ' who was impatient for the old man's death. 'Till it-freezes,' was the cold reply. . \ ??' ,'? In Despair — ^He was on his krieesto her. ; His face was flushed, his eyes gleamed passionately into hers, he talked rapidly. 'Nothing shall separate us evermore, my darling.; For your sake' I will beard the lion in his den! I will face death on the battlefield ! I will skim the seas ! I will endure all hardships^ all suffering, all misery !' He paused arid looked eagerly to her, with his whole soul quivering' in his eyes, 'Yes, yes, a thousa&d; times yes I' *f And if wed,' con tinued she, flushing, slightly, 'will you get up first .and iuild the fire?' With a shriek of .despair he fled.. '..'??'' ? . ; -A young girl, about as pretty as they grow 'em, went into a music store. and asked the -clerk, enquiringly, if he had**' A Heart that Loves Me Only ?' ' No,' he said, : u- but here's i A Health to Thee, Mary.'' That wouldn't do. but, before she turned to go, she asked, 'Have you * One Swee$ Kiss Before We Part?'' That clerk looked up and down the store; thebook keeperwas out, the bosswas upstairs trying to sell a farmer a wheezy old melodeon, and so he leaned over the counter and .turned -out about halfa dozen of ithe best and most artistically-finished articles that the astonished young lady had ever seen offered in a job lot. She didn't say much, but she went out ? of the store in a step and a half, and rubbed her cheeks thoughtfully all the way home. De gustibus non disputandum (at least not by beautiful people of either sex). — Adonis (after his guests have departed): — 'By Jove, Maria, what a handsome woman Mrs. Jones is ! She looks better than ever !' His wife : — ' Ahem ! Well, it may be my bad taste, but I own I have hitherto failed to detect the beauty of Mrs. Jones. Now, Mr. Jones is good-looking if you like!' Adonis: — 'Jones good-looking! Come — hang it, Maria, Jones is a very good fellow, and all that ; but I must say I never perceived his good looks !' &c;, &c.; 'Lord Send us a Guid Conceit o'Oursels.'— Such was the too modest Scotchman's well known prayer. Judging by some characteristics of our American cousins, the same petition no doubt has often been offered up in the United States. It has been answered, apparently with a return in full measure of the gift prayed for, in the cheerful town of Newark, Mass., from one . of whose local papers a correspondent sends us the following advertisement by a modest speci men of ' Young America :' «'. Wanted — Situa- tion,.by strong, active American youth of seven teen, with plenty of muscle, vim, and health. Not afraid to knuckle down to hard work of any kind ; is well educated, and has good know ledge of Latin. Ambition highly developed, anoVbrains to back it. Penetration sharp as the business end of a hornet, and cheek bigger than either.- Lawyer's office preferred. Highest, and best of city references. Any one in search of such abonanza will strikeoil— a regular spout ing well — by addressing '* Scamander,' D. A. Office.' How Mark Twain was 'sold' in Newark. — I was profoundly moved. I said, f My son, bring the old party round. Ihave'got some jokes in that lecture that will make him laugh if there is any laugh in him ; and, if they miss fire, I have got some others that will make him cry or kill him, one or the other;' Then the young man blessed me, and wept on my neckband went atter his uncle. He placed him in full view, in the second row of benches that .night; arid! began on him. I tried him with mild jokes, then with severe ones; I dosed him with bad jokes, and riddled him with good ones; I fired old stale jokes into him, and peppered him fore and aft with redhot new- ones; I warmed up to my work, and assaulted him on the right and left, in front and behind; I fumed and' sweated and charged arid ranted till I was hoarse and sick, and frantic and furious; but I never moved him once — I never started a tear, never a ghost of a smile, and never -a suspicion of moistiire. I was astounded- I closed the lecture at last with one despairing shriek, with one wild burst of humor, and hurled a joke of supernatural atrocity full at him. Then I sat down bewildered ana exhausted. The: president of the society came up and bathed my head with cold water, and said ' What made you carry on so towards the hist ?' I said, ' I' was trying to ' make that confounded old fool in the second ' row laugh.'. And he said 'Well, you were wasting your time, because he is deaf and dumbV and as blind as a mole ! ' Now . was that any way for that old man's nephew to impose on a stranger and an orphan like me ?. I ask you, as a man, and brother, if that] was any way for him to. do. . . ? . Peter Bundy, who had been married only two weeks, has left his wife. Bundy is a little - man, and his wife weighs two hundred and forty . pounds, and was the relict of the late Seth Potts. About ten days after marriage Bundy '? was surprised, on wakening in the morning* to find his better-half sitting up in bed, crying as ' if her heart would break. Astonished, he asked the cause of her sorrow, but, receiving: no reolv. he began to 'surmise that there must be some : secret on her mind which she withheld from him, and which was the cause of her anguish, so he remarked to Mrs. B. that as they were married she ought .to tell him the cause of her grief, so that, if possible, he might lessen it. After considerable coaxing, he elicited the fol lowing from her: — 'Last night I dreamed I was single, and as I walked through a well-lighted street I came to' a shop where a sign in front ' advertised husbands for sale. Thinking it curious, I entered, and. ranged along the wall on either side wers men with prices affixed to them — such beautiful men— some for $1,000, some for $500, and so on to $150; arid, as I had not that amount, I could riot purchase.' Think ing to console her, B. placed his arm lovingly around her, and asked, 'And did you see any men like me. there ?' ' Oh, yes,' she replied, *' lots like you ; they were tied up in bunches like asparagus, and sold for 10 cents, per bunch.' Bundy got up, and went to ask his lawyer if he had sufficient ground fox a divorce.— American Pajftr. 