yjilVS OF THE DAT. Uu to a lata hoiu last night no telegram had been received by the Government rela tivo to tlio floating of the £.",000,000 loan It is anticipated that some news will brf1 re' cuivod to-day rslativ3 to the matter Yesterday the branch lino of railway be t>veen Mary horongh and Avoea was formally opened by his txcellenoy the Governor who accompanied by several members of tu Ministry, members of Parliament and others left the Spcncer.Btreet station in a special train at a quarter-past nine, arrivip,, Tv Avnua at two p.m. Addresses were presented to his Excellency by the Avo», bhire Conned, by the Chinese residents ami by the local State school teachers whieh were suitably responded to. I., the cvesins a banquet, .tallowed by a ball, toot dW and the proceedings altogether appc-r td Lave been of a most successful and eniov»M» character. . A full telegraphic report s elsewhere in to-day s issue. Writing of the Act to Suppress the Sale of Obscene Publications, the Spccfa 'orYlVe leyan) aays " Parliament has distinguished itself tins week by passing a new bill through all its stages in 011c evening. The measure thus honored is one having for its object the prevention of the sale of obscene books, prints. !cc. Tho law in this respect .l,.o live upvu tt.IUl.UM6U (V lllUUVKUt 100 SQOD as the streets of Melbourne have for months past been polluted by the sale of a weekly print, so vile and so scurrilous as to demand for its printer and publisher a penalty far more severe than tile law in its late form permitted. It is understood that tho prompt action of Parliament has led to the discoa. linuanco of the disgraceful print alluded - to." Relative to the Pacific mail service, tha following resolutions have been passed by the House of Representatives of Xew 7.e a. land : — "Resolved, that iu the event of the contractors for tbo San Francisco mail ser. vice being desirous of modifying condition of their contract, and in event of the Go. vcrnraent of Xew South Wales deeming it expedient that the contract should be modi, ficil, this House would consent to anti modification on tbo following terms :-l, That the service be direct from Snn Fran, oisco to Sydney, calling at Honolulu and at Auckland, or Bay of Islands, at option of the contractors. 2. That coastal service be performed by tho company by ten- UnoS boats, to be approved of by the Government, 3, That the share of Xew Zealand contriba. tion to subsidy be reduced by seven thou, sand five hundred pounds (£7500) if calling at Auckland, or ten tiiousa'nd poundo (£10,000) if calling at Bay of Islands." II tho proposal of tho New Zealand Parliament meets with the approval of the Government of Xew South Wales, tho eil'act, as regards tin subsidy, would nppear to be this : -The Pacific Mail Company lias offered to porform tho direct service for £S0,CUI) a year. It ii thought that the company would be willing to accept £75,000, and £5000 per annum for the New Zealand coastal service. Now South Wales at present pays £45,000 a year as her share of the subsidy, which is £90,000, New Zealand paying the other moiety. Under the proposed arrangement New Zea. land would pay £35,000, whilst the Not South Wales portion of the subsidy wouli remain as at present, at £45,000. The race for political honors is likely to be warmly oontestcd at tho next election for the county of Rodney. The names of seve. ral probable candidates have, the Ezpreu, states, been published, and if only a few ol tbem come forward, the election time will lie a lively one. Messrs. Eraser, Spenoor, T. H. Healey, S. V. Winter, James Soott and Conway are mentioned. j At tho Central Criminal Court yesterday, I before Mr. Justice Stephen and a jury ot " twelve, Alfred Leek, a farmer, tesidiog hear Williamstown, was tried on a otarge j of unlawfully and maliciously wounding j a neighboring farmer named John Dohertj. Tho evidence disclosed that tho prisoner and the prosecutor had had a dispute I of long standing, relative to a road I on their property, and the former I had fenced it in with his land several I times, but tho prosecutor invariably chopped I the fence down. On the 2nd October last I prisoner was again adjusting tbo fence, I when Doherty aud his brother rode up and I attempted to pass through. Threntenip; I wordB were exchanged, and at lengta Leon I stabbed Doherty in the cheek with a tile I which he held iu his band, and followed np I the attack by attempting to repeat the I thrust. Leek made a statement to the I court that the first stsb was < alto. I getlier accidental, for, being Bhort. I ; sighted, bo did not judgo the prosecutor I to be so near him, and he only mode I the blow when the latter had grossly as- I sanlted him by seising hold of his beard. I After this encounter he merely defended I himself as best lie could with the file (which I be had beeu using to cut the wire for tbs I fence), believing that he had a perfect right I so to defend himself on his own property. I For the prosecution it was contended that I Doherty did not seize the prisouer by the I beard until after the latter had inflicted a I wound on Doherty's cheek with the tile. His I Honor summed up largely in the prisoner's I favor, and the jury, after a short delibera. I tion, roturned a verdict of not guilty. I Leek was then discharged, and the court ad. I journed sine die. I Tenders were opened by the Board of Land I and Works yesterday for 35011 tons of cast I iron pipes for the Yan Yean Water Supply I department. The lowest tender was that 3 I Mr. James Parke, his terms being for 15 in, IS in. and 24 in. pipes, £0 19s. 9d. per ton; and for 3 in., 4 in., 5 in., 6 in. and 7 in. pip" fl £10 4s. per ton. There were six other tar derors. The Southern District Band will play in I tho Botanical Gardens this afternoon, from half-past three to half-past five p.m. (weathtr permitting). The following is the programw I for the occasion : — Quick March, Gay Fatvkes, Annear ; overture, Zarnpa, Horold; valse, Royal Bridesmaids, Coote ; selection, Muse in Egitto, Rossini ; quadrille, later- national. Chandler ; grand selection, Belr sario, Donizetti ; polka, Debardeur, Coote ; galop. Good Night, Chandler. God save the Queen H The general half-yearly meeting of the H National Banb-of Australasia will he held oh the 7th prox., when tho thirty-sixth report, of which tbo following is a synopsis, will he submitted : — The directors now submit to the shareholders the usual half-yearly state- ment of accounts, showing tho result of the business of the bank for the sLx months to 30th September last, Tho amount available for distribution is arrived at as follows, viz.: — Net profit, after deducting expenses, tax on note circulation, &e.;, £02,092 Is. Id. This suni it is proposed to appropriate in th' following manner, viz.: — Dividend to share- holders at rate of 10 per cout. per annum oil the paid-up capital of £750,000, i'.'li.aW; bonus to shareholders at rate of "percent. H per annum, £7500 ; in reduction of premises aeeount, £10.000 ; balance carried forward, £7002 Is. Id.— £02,002 Is. Id. During tho half-year branches have been opened at if- rawonga, in this colony, and at W ilmiuyton, in South Australia. Tho branch at Jiorwooil, in the Iastnnmed colony, has been wit drawn. The balance-sheet will be founu ia H our advertising columns. H To-morrow afternoon, at three o'clock, » H children's service of sacred song will « given in Wilson's Circus, the use of wlm has' beep kindly granted by the proprietor for the occasion. A selection of Moody an .Sankey's hymns will be rendered by a clioi. of 500 children, assisted by a iarre n»u" of ladies and gentlemen. The W est Me bonrne Town Band will render the vano aceompanimonts. The service will so coif ducted by the Rev. S. (J. Kent. Those m- H tending to be present are reqll-s.ert H to attend earlv, as tho crush w doubtless he very great. Tlic entrance Will be by the door nearest to Stepua atreet, as to avoid confusion the other doon wifl romain closed until the choir and M | bavo taken np their position. A=oUec will he made in aid of toe many des.-rvmg charities which do not fail within toe scop I of the Hospital Sunday fund. To eDab'®.tb : I congregation to take part in tho sern-e, H copies. of tho hymns will be distributed to a! ''-Abbot six o'clock yesterday !t I V/ns discovered -.that a robbery had beui M effected "at the residence of Archbishop Gooid. Tho property stolen consisted ot M . ,it.er cruet stand,, three eilver salt- . two knife rests, two silver nap- fpooD-, and otjCr valuable ar- The larceny was evidently perpetrated ' one who had onneealed himselt f'ths room before it was locked up for tbe V. it was so secured that entrance the exterior was impossible. The S»r was reported to the detectives, and ? J nioht Detectives Hartney and Hayes sno- ?,I m recovering the whole of tbe property, I jcb had been sold for 15s under the im. ession that it was only eleotro-plate. A to the offender has been obtained, and t will probably be iii custody in the course ff a few hours. Mr Candler held an ioqtiwfe at Collmg. ' d' yesterday, upon the body of a man \med Frederick John Morris, aged thirty- vt-psrs. a chemist by profession, who was f id tod in his bed on Thursday last, 'jl Elizabeth Styles deposed that.deceased l.q i,pen lodging in herhonse for seven years. Oj the night of the 18th inst. be went t bed in his usual state, and spoke cheer- j.iiT to her. The following mbrning Bhe bend h'm Iy'n6 dead in bed. A bottle was KU by bis side, and a handkerchief waS trjiia face. There was a slight fcmell of ibvofonn in the room. He took chloro- I fm for pains in his bead. - There was no I turn to suppose that deceased intended to | eke his own life. He waa not insane. He I wd been unhappy in his mind lately, on I .count of money matters. Joseph Snow- I S fuse-maker, CntiipbeUHeld, deposed I that deceased had been in his employ I i-the last live years. He used to take I tiJotoform frequently and largely. lie I c;; often found ' by tbe workmen m a I of insensibility. There was no I -a<an to suppose he intended to I 'unmit suicide. Dr. Sain. Peacock made I . no ' mortem examination of tlio body, and I jincsed that death was caused by some I ilrsleat poison, probably chloroform ; and I irny returned a verdict to the effect that I (Kissed died from tlie effects of an overdose I t: which was, in their opinion, F u's" accidentally. It xnecting of ratepayers favorable to tbe |\ cfina of the town of Fitzroy into wards II irHlace at tbe Brunswick Hotel, Bruns- II fji-street, last evening. Mr. U. Temple- 1/ j-a'tecupied the ohair. The attendance was 1/ .il, On the motion of Mr. B. Bell, I jsaaded by Mr. W. R. Bennetts, it was I :up.imcusly decided that, in order to have I town efficiently and fairly represented I itlie local council, it was absolutely neces- I ijry to have it divided into wards. After I i;iic further discussion the meeting ad- I Turned until Thursday next with a view of I tips beiDg taken to call a public meeting I I the ratepayers in order to obtain a fuller I expression of opinion upon the subject. I A case of a character fortunately but sol- I iliim to be met with came under tlie notice I o! the City Bench yesterday, when a middle- I fsil woman, named Catherine Hoslett, and I her daughter, a girl of .nineteen years of I t;e wero charged with leading ira- J jUives. The evidence adduced' showed I that the mother was encouraging her I lia-hter in the paths of vice in which t'ae walked ; and the bench, expressing their honor at such a sad state of things, ac- ttpteltho woman's promises to discontinue rich i life for the future, aud ordered both pacers to bo discharged. (hail application to Mr. Justico Stephen Tiigrdav, in Chambers, by Mr. M'Farland, I'a'kbnif of Mr. Ambler, of the. Phcenix hotel, Flinders-street east, a rule nisi forpro- hibitiqn in tbe matter of the renewal of Air. Auderaon'a (Argus Hotel) temporary licence fortiie Bale of spirituous ami other liquors at Wilsou's circus was granted, and made returnable to-day. At tlie committee meeting of tbo Immi grants' Home, held yesterday, the Btate of the house was reported ns follows : — Num ber remaining last week, 475; admissions Einee, 146; discharges, 129 ; deaths 2 (viz., from general debility, Alargaret Fleming, seveuty-seven years, native of Londonderry; from gastric fever, Catherine Sykes, child of an iuuinte.) Remaining — 259 men, .121 women, 105 children ; iu all, 485. There are 79 men, 32 women, nnd 11 children sick; 7 men stonebrenking ; 12 bag-making, J53 oakum-picking, &c.;, and S working out- lide ; S women in the laundry, 10 sewing, to hair-teasing, &c.; Out-door relief wus given to S families, or IS individuals, on pre. tenting the relief cards of the society. At the Collingwood Police Court yester- cay, Daniel M'Lougbliu, a hay and corn iuler, carrying on business in Johnaton- istet, summoned James Bowling, the lessee o/ the Heidelberg toll-gate, for nssnult. The rcmphiinaut stated that on the 16th inst. ho was passing through the gate with a horse and spring cart, aud offered 6d. toll to the ilefcailaut, who refused to accept less than la. Complainant UTged that he had fre quently passed through the gate and had never been charged more than 6d. by the de fendant's predecessors. Some further words took place, and tlio defendant became ex cited, closed the gate, offered to fight the complainant with one hand for £10, and assaulted him. Daring the hearing of the case Air. J, Eade, J.P., took a seat upon the bench ; nnd Mr. Al'Koan, who appeared lor the complainant, objected that as Air. Bade had not heard the cose from the be ginning, he ought not to take any part in it. Mr. Edwards, on behalf of the defendant, taiu that if Mr. Eade was objected to ho (Mr. Edwards) would object to Mr. M. Foy, who was also on the bench, but had been absent for a while during the hearing of the case, taking put in the proceedings. There being only sue magistrate not objected to (Air. C. Morgan), the ease had to be adjourned for a week. A cross case for abusive language on the 10th inst., brought by Dowling against M'Loughlin, waa then heard by the three magistrates, aud dismissed. A meeting jof tho standing committee of lie V iotorian Humane Society was held at the Town Hall yesterday, when it was do- cidfd to reeommend the granting of the society's -bronze medal to Mr. ('avid Henry, in recognition of his exer. tons in rescuing Thomns Wray at the St. Kfifia baths. To AVilliam Alfreel Holland, silver medal, for rescuing the captain and crow (three) from the wreck of tlie barque Agnes, at Port AUodonnoll, 19th July. In this use Holland swam with a line made fact around his waist to the lifeboat through a Lavy sea. To Thomas John Eennott, ten yiars of age, silver medal, for rescuing Busan iieanett, aged five years, 1 1th August, at Murcliison. Tlie boy jumped in with all his clothes on. This was the third rescue by tbe same lad. The third annual meeting of the Melbourne i'ernmnent Mutual Benefit Building Society was held last night, at the Athenreum ; the ebair beiug occupied by Mr. A. L. Tucker, M.L.A. Tho secretary, Mr. Johnson, Rail the aunual report, which was of a wry satisfactory nature. It stated that during the year the advances amounted to £23,645 9s, Sd., to 107 members, en 523 4'5th shares, all of which had been secured jjjftro freehold properties of sufficient value. 1'be deposits for the year were £35,169 3s. 44, as against £14,912 7s. 3d. the preceding J'fsr, an increase of £20,256 16s. Id. The tbare list at present consisted of 014 mem oes, holding 2003 shares, of which number J6 represented the shares advanced upon ; ao-l the balance-sheet showed that after placing 9 per cent, compound interest, oom- puitd monthly, to the oredit of members, red paying all expenses, there still remained » balftnco of £249 13s. (id. to the credit of the 'society. The report having been adopted, the retiring office-bearers were re. elected, and the meeting terminated; A man named Walter Jones, aged twenty 7 cars, residing iu Little Collins-street, was 'si twitted to the Melbourne Hospital yester- i Iroin Injuries to the jaw, caused by his falling off' a three-storied building in t-e occupation of Air. Weigmanu,, , baaket- joauer, of Post Office-jjlaee. AlarkGleary, aged thirty-eight years, - residing in Sandridge, was also admitted, suffering from injuries to 'be spine, caused by a bale of wool falling upon him at the Sandridge Railway Pier. The Ltntligo Independent reports that a ttau named Samuel Crawford, forty-five )c>rs of age, who was admitted into tho nea-Jigo Hospital from. Back Greek on tho inst., suffering from fever, jumped from J1 '' the windows of 'tlie upper story of . .building on Thursday morning. When Jj® . Was picked up life was ' round to liV'"10'" It appears that very shortly dure the unfortunate man was pieked , 9 the night warder got some beef tea o' him, hut did not give it to him, ras he fptared to bo in a sound sleep. Almost "iineaiately afterwards, however, the man as missed from his bed, when it was found in lie had fallen from one of the baok win- dona to the ground. the shearing has, in not afewinstancea, told v "er talc in the .Western district. "It "l! ,Wn> ' Baye the Hamilton Spectator, H„i-W ,as'r0U3 hove been the ravages by he new disease. Wo have not complete returns, probably we Ktie f tS 5 hut we hear that on one station (wljrwl sheeP were shorn last season ml ,,i heen operated upon this. On I ' T 3 'ho number shorn compare as fol- , i TnIa1875' 43,000; in 1876, 8000 ; in rem. 6000; in 1876, 8Q0; 1.1875, 10,000 ; in 1876, 1509; whilst a selector has shorn 40 sheep this yenr as compared with 650 in 1875\. Another well-knowu landed proprie tor estimates his loss at 20,0110 sheep ; what proportion this bears to the entire number we do not know, but it may bo stated out of a paddock in which 3000 were placed there is not one sheep left. We believe that Messrs, Vincent and M'Quire sent in their report some time ago. If so, why, we would ask, has so long a time been allowed to elapse boforc making its contents publicly known ? It said they have been able to suggest a remedy ; why, when the matter is of so urgent a nature, should there be any circumlocution business to be transacted be fore the cure is published?" The Smytheadale correspondent of the Ballarat Star writes : — " News came to Mr, Alpen here on Thursday, 19th inst., that an extraordinary accident had happened to his horses and cart. It appears that the man had gone to Piggoreet with two horses in the cart with goods, and whilst stopping to deliver some of the parcels the horses bolted and ran clean over the most precipitous part of the cliffs, which are on each side of the ' : ereek ovor 100 feet high. As far as can be gathered the horses are not hurt, but tbe cart is smashed to pieces." Tbe monthly general committee meeting of tho Victorian Sunday School Union was held on Thursday. The secretary stBted that two new schools had joined the Union, the Windsor United Methodist and tho Brighton Baptist ; also, that tbe Little Bourke-stroet west Baptist School bad been amalgamated with the Gospel Hall School, Little Bourke- stroet east, making tbo total number of schools in tho Union to date fifty-two. Owing to tbe fact of tbe Blind Asylum band and choir not being obtainable on Saturday, 11th November, it was resolved to postpone till December the half. yearly celebration of the Scholars' Branch of tho Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals. On Thursday night the Orderly-room Coburg, was crowded on the occasion of the fifth annual concert in aid of the Melbourne Hospital being held, under the auspices of tlie various friendly societies iu tlie district. A novel feature was the appearance of several of the brothers of the Ancient Order of Druids iu regalia, and singing oue of tbe odes pertaining to tbe ritual. At the ter- munition of the concert au assembly took place, and was also well patronised. It is antciipated that between £25 and £30 will be realised. Mr. Cook, ALL. A., presided. Tlie repetition of Costa's Eli, wbieb upon its first presentation proved such a pro. noitnced success, takes place at the Town Hall tbis evening. Tbis work was given in such complete form recently that with al most tbe same forces another success may be predicted. Many of tlie choruses are very tiue, and, with Air. Herz's volunteer choir of 250 picked voices, who havo entered into this work con amorc, very grati fying results have been achieved. The sale of seats has been large, tbo balcony being quite full, and many of the reserved chairs are also taken. We have been requested to draw atention to the hour of commencement, half-past Beven. Ticket-holders will bo admitted at half-past Bix, but tickets will not be sold at the doors till seven o'clock. The principal ar- tistes are Airs. Herz, Airs. Cutter, Mr. Armies Beaumont, Air. S. Lauible, and Air. Angus. Leader of the orchestra, Air. E. King. Or- gauist, Mr. Guenett. Seats may be secured at Allah and Go's, (Wilkie's) up to, two o'clock, and tickets may be obtuined'at Mr. Beere's, Swanston-strcet, during tbe after noon. The Fakir of Oolu was well patronised last night. The evergreen Barlow, who flourished in the palmy days of the diggings, pleased the audience as successfully as lie did in days when playgoers wero less fas tidious than they are now. The diabolical mysteries of tho deft-handed Fakir, the ghost, and the prismatic fountain were watched and applauded with a keen interest and lively pleasure. There will bo a matinee performance at St. George's Hall to-day, in addition to tbe usual entertainment at night. Guy Alannering and Cramond Brig were reproduced at the Theatre Royal last night, Air. Fillans meeting with a most enthusi astic reception. To-night he will appear as Bailie Nicol Jarvie in the dramatised version of Scott's famous novel, Rob Roy. Mr. Pillans's credentials give him a most excel lent reputation as tlie impersonator of the rare and racy specimen of Scotch character as brought out by the bailie. He is said to be ono of the best, if not tho best, expositor of tbis complex character, and be man ages to develope with graphic prominence many of the idiosyncrasies peculiar to the men who hail from the " Land of the moun tain and the flood." Wilson's Circus was again crowded last night, and the performance passed off to the satisfaction of all preBent. To-day there will be a matinee at three o'clock in addition to the usual evening performance. Conrad and Lizetto was repeated at tho Opera House last night with fair success. An advertisement, calling a meeting of sub scribers to tkeTaskeii fund, appears elsewhere. It is announced that the Johnston-street- bridge, Kew, is now open for traffic. A meeting of persons desirous of forming a branch lodgo of the Free Gardcnors' Society is to be bold at tbe Clyde Hotel, Carlton, next Wed nesday evening. Tlio oidinary meeting of tlio Alelbourno Do- bating Society takes place on Monday, when Air. It. Griinwado will read an essay on Oliver Crom well. Aliss Dolly Driscoll will take a benefit at the Temperance Hall, Russell-street, on Alonday next, when, in recognition of her past charitable services, the Universal Minstrels have consented to appear. Tho first almanac for 1877 to hand this year is tbo Victorian Almanac, published by Mason, Firth and Al'Cutclicon. It is, ns usual, replete with useful information. A concert and ball in aid of a gentleman re covering from a long illness will be given in Ilockiu's Rooms on Monday next. Air. J. R. M'Cann will act ns conductor. We have to acknowledge receipt of a brochure entitled Architects of Fortune, by tho Rev. W. L. Blnmires, with an introduction by tho Rev. J: s. S. Waugh. Air. Geo. Robertson is the publisher. A paragraph appeared in our issue of yester day, stating that a sum of £10 had been deducted from tho Hospital Suuuny collections made at Christ Church, St. Kilda, It should havo been Christ Church, South Yarra. 