MACAULAY ANECDOTES. AH I (says a writer in Harper's Monthly) what chut there must have been at those din- ners mentioned in thu Macaulay memoirs I "What a party, for instance, was this : " Dined nt the club. Dr. Hollund in thc chair. Lord Lansdowne, Bishop of London, Lord Mahon, Mncnulny, Milman, Van de Weyer, Lord Carlisle, David Dundns, Lord Harry Vane, Stafford O'Brien. ' Thc bishop talked of the wit of Howland Hill. One day his chapel, with a thinner attendance than usual, sud- denly tilled during a shower of rain. He said, ' I have often heard tell of religion being used as a cloak, but never before as an umbrella.' In his later life he used to come to chapel in n carriage. He got an anony- mous letter rebuking him for this, because it was not the wny his heavenly Master travel- led. He read thc letter from thc pulpit, said it was quite true, and that if thc writer would come to thc vestry afterward with a saddle and bridle he would ride him home." On another occasion at a breakfast given by thc Bishop of Oxford, Macaulay told a story about one of thc French prophets of of thc seventeenth century, who came into thc Court of Queen's Bench and announced that tho Holy Ghost bad sent him to com- mand Lord Holt to enter a nolle proseguí. " If," said Lord Holt, " the Holy Ghost had wanted a nolle proseguí, he would have bid you apply to thc Attorney-General. The Holy Ghost knows that I cannot cuter n nolle proseguí. But there is one thing which I eau do j I can lay a lying knave by thc heels," and thereupon he committed him to prison. This, told of Thomas Campbell, is also very neat as illustrating the sentiment with which the authors of old days regarded their publishers. At a literary dinner Campbell asked leave to propose a toast, and gave the health of Napoleon Bonaparte. - Thu war was at its height, and the very mention of Napo- leon's name, except in conjunction with some uncomplimentary epithet, was in most cases regarded as an outrage. A storm of groans burst out, and Campbell with difficulty could gut a few sentences heard. " Gentlemen," he said, " you must not mistake me. I ad- mit that the French emperor is a tyrant. I admit that he is a monster. I admit that he is thc sworn foe af our own nation, and, if you will, of thu whole human race. But, gentle- men, we must be just to our great enemy. Wc must not forget that he once shot a bookseller." The guests, of whom two out of every three lived by their pons, burst into a roar of laughter, and Campbell sat down in triumph. Lord Holland gave Macaulay an account of a visit which he paid lonç ago ta thc court of Denmark, and of King Christian, thc madman, who was at last deprived of all real share in the government on account of his infirmity. " Such a Tom of Bedlam I never saw," said Lord Holland. " One day thc Neapolitan ambassador came to the levee, and mude a profound bow to his Majesty. His Majesty bowed still lower. Thc Neapolitan bowed down bis head almost to thc ground ; when, behold, the King clapped his hands on his Excellency's shoulders, and jumped over bim like a boy playing nt leapfrog." Alas 1 thut a gymnast was there lost to thc world in that lively potentate ! In a foot-note is given this pungent ex- tract from Macnuhiy's famous article on Barere, in thc Edinburgh Review : " As soon ns he ceases to write trilles, he writes lies; and such lies I A man who has never been within the tropics docs not know what ii thunderstorm means ; a man who has never looked at Niagara has but a faint idea of a cataract; aud he who has not rend Barcrc's ' Memoirs1 may bu said not to know what it is to lie." Macaulay was always willing to nccopt a friendly challenge to a feat of memory. One day, in thc board-room of tho British Mu- seum, Sir David Dundas BRW him hand to Lord Aberdeen n sheet of foolscap covered with a writing, arranged in three parallel columns down each of tho four pagCB. This document, of which the ink was still wot, proved to bo n full list of the senior wranglers at Cambridge, with their dates nnd colleges, for thc hundred years during which thc names of senior wranglers had been recorded in the University calendar. On another occasion Sir David asked, " Mncnulny, do you know your Popes ?" " No," wns tho nnswer ; " I always get wrong among the Innocents." "But can you say your Archbishops of Canterbury ?" "Any fool," said Macaulay, "could sny his Archbishops of Canterbury backward;" and he went off at a score, drawing breath only once in order to remark on thc oddity of there having been both an Archbishop San croft and an Archbishop Bancroft, until Sir David stopped him at Cranmer. SMALL FAUMS.-Smnll (arms mnko noor neigh, boura ; thoy make, good mids ; they malts plenty of tfood schools and ch undies ; Micro la moro money linnie in pioporllon to ibo lubonr ; lois labour ia wanted ; everything la kept lient ; lesa wnges have to be paid for help ; leas limo ia wasted ; more ls raised to tho acre ; besides, it ia tilled bettor ; lhere ia no walebing et hired help ; tho mind ia nut kept In a worry, stow, and fret a'.I tho time. - I Thc Neii>l'Tro¡n'i<tl, 