AMUSEMENTS. THEATRE ROYAL.—Dr. Silvester wasfaveured with a large attendance at his entertainment on 1 uesday evening. In the dress circle both Houses of Parliament, th? Education Board, the Banks, the Civil Saervice, ana the Consuls were well represented. Messrs. Albert White and Harm were voted as a Committee, and great fun was created by the appearance of the latter gentleman, wno volunteered to go into the cabinet;, when he came out of it. The programme was the same as on Monday evening, and tho applause with which it was received was hearty and continuous. There was no recurrence of the hitches observable in the ghost scene on the previous night, and the affair passed off successfully, and Madame Silvester and Mr. and Mrs. Empson were as fortunate as ever in securing the applause of the audience. We hope on Saturday afternoon Dr. Silvester will give a performance for the benefit of juveniles and friends in the country. ENTERTAINMENT AT NORTH ADELAIDE.—An entertainment consisting of dissolving views descriptive of the overland route to England, pictures of prominent local citizens, the wreck of the Gothenburg, &c.;, was given in the lecture hail ad joining the Baptist Church, North Adelaide, on Tuesday evening, December 5, the attendance being only moderate. Me. W. Shakespeare as guide conducted the spectators in imagination from the Glenelg Jetty to the great metropolis of the United Kingdom. The various views proved intensely interesting, particularly those representative of Continental cities, &c.; The proceeds of the entertainment are to be given in aid of the organ fund. THE Lo-Lo COMBINATION COMFAHY.—This Amusing Company have just achieved great success at Moonta, where they played for nine nights, on .five of which money had to be refused at the doors, so crowded were the houses. On Tuesday and Wednesday, December 5 and 6, they play at Kadina, and on Thursday and Friday, December 7 and 8, at Wallaroo, whence they will take ship to Adelaide on the 9th. They will then proceed to the Burra, Clare, he., returning before Christmas to Adelaide, where they intend opening a second season pricr to their departure for India. HUMBUGIANA,—Wo are informed that Messrs. Laughton and Johnson have handed the sum of £35, the proceeds of their late entertainment, to the Secretary of the Blind, Deaf, and Dumb Institution. 