VICTORlAN ACADEMY OF ARTS. The fifth annual exhibition of works of art in connection with this institution will be open to the public to-day in the hall of the academy, opposite St. Patrick's Cathedral. The pictures are more numerous, we believe than on former occasions, while the average merit of the exhibition is somewhat higher although visitors will miss from the catalogue the names of two, at least, of our best artists. Upwards of 120 oil-paintings, and a still larger number of water-colour drawings have been sent in, and the Hanging Committee seems to have discharged its delicate duties in a just and discriminating spirit, the best pictures being found, as a general rule, upon the line. Mr. William Ford has been one of the moat industrious' contributors, and the pic- tures numbered 49 and 50 respectively are good specimens of the bnlk o! the works from his pencil. In the first his theme is Australian, and tbe scene represents a flock of ebeep collected in a sheltered nook a little before sunset, bright gleams of light falling upon the fleecy backs of some of the animals, while othera are in dusky shadow ; various pointa of the landscape biting also vivified by the declining sun, so aa to produce some striking effects. No. GO introduces na to some horveat fields in Somersetshire. This ia a thoroughly English landscape ; with a narrow green lane, worn into deep iuta by tho farm waggons, winding be- tween leafy hedge-rows, skirting a broad expanse of goldon wheat, in the midat of which the reapers are busy with their sickles ; while through the ripened ears you track a sinuous riband of shadow show- ing where the pathway runs. "Under Mount Macedon, near Woodend,"and "A Clearing under Mount Macedon," by the same artist, will also repay inspection. Sir. Chester Earles senda in two picturea, tho one entitled "Stripping Feathers,"and the other " Young Australia." In both all the details are worked up with conscientious care and minuteness, and visitors will not tbe slow to recognise the patient skill with which the glossy texture and sheeny surface of the lady's dress in the second picture has been wrought out. Five pictures bear the signature andaré impressed by what has become the well defined style of Mr. H. J. Johnstone, who is fond of Cuyp's skies, and whose workman- ship is occasionally Flemish in ita finesse. The most ambitious landscape is'Jopparently a scene upon the Goulburn, in the placid after-glow of a summer evening, when " Not a breath creepB through tho rosy air, And yet tht foieat leaves -com stirr'd with prayer." The saffron hues of the sky are reflected in the broad sheet of tranquil water, upon the surface of which float some aquatic plants ; and the surrounding trees [and saplings, whether standing singly or in groups, have the true character of Australian vegetation. Mr. Johnstone'a " Wayside Cottage, Magill," Js a bright little picture ; and the little bit of forest scenery on the Wood's Point road, with its slab-hut, plank road, and small plot of gulden ground, hemmed in by gigantic eucalypti, will be familiar to many tourists. Of Mr. Isaac Whitehead's four pictures, the moBt noticeable on account of their size and subjects are the view from Mulgrave-hill, and the ocean beach at Sorrento ; but the former is the more meritorious. The leading features of a very fine landscape have been successfully seized upon, and nothing is wanting but technical skill to enable them to be presented with adequate effect to the eye of the spectator. Mr. Whitehead also exhibits a landscape at Wodonga, and another at Tallarook. Mr. H. L, Vanden Hauten vindicates his title to be ranked as an industrious artist by exhibiting aa many as 20 landscapes in oils or water-colours, the neighbourhood of Lily* dale being the favourite resort of this inde- fatigable gentleman, whose pencil has also been buBy with scenes which have attracted his notice at tho You Yangs, at Gisborne, and on tbe Black Spur, Another member of the Vanden Hauten family is also an ex- hibitor this year. Three pictures which are sure to strike the eye of visitors are a pair of landscapes and an imogmativo composition by Mr. J. W, Curtis. In the latter it has been sought to portray the departure from the port of Cadiz, hi 1601, of the huge high-decked galleon in which, upon the authority of an old map in the British Museum, one Manoel Godina de Heredia is credited with having discovered tile Australian continent. Mr. Curtis has produced a composition fall of picturesque elements, and no critic will be in a position to impugn its accuracy by referring to any contemporary records or illustrations of the et cut, Thelandscapeshavefortheirsubj'ects, " Morning and F.vening on the You Yangs," -Both are poetical in conception, and are only marred by an occasional crudity of colour, which moy bo excused perhaps in consideration of the difficulties which sur. round the handling of the theme. Take the morning scene, for example, where the valles s aie filled with ghost-like mists, throogh which the troes loom indistinctly, while the hill-topB ore touched by the earliest rays of the sun, which drop in golden patches on tho huge boulders which occupy such a prominent position ia the fore- ground, the picturesquoness of which is en- hanced by the contorted forms of some trees, "which hove evidently had some strenuous conflicts with the strong winds blowing over thoso exposed heights. The evening scene is warm and glowing with the flush of sunset ; and both pictures evince an artistic feeling for the beauties of nature. Nos. IG, 39, and SS are by the same artist, Mrs. Georgo Parsons contributes three oil paintings, and nine water-colour drawings. One of the former, representing a girl who tas been sent to the well for a pitcher of water, is painted in the same key of colour . which is Bo much affected by Mr. Birket Ft-stcr, -and presents other points of resem- blance to his rustic pictures, A brick kiln at Lilydale, and a buBh track at Mount Macedon, are the subjects of the other oil .aintinps by this lady, whose water-colour drawings are generally more pleasing. For these she has found most of the subjects in the neighbourhoods just mentioned. In fact thero has been Buch a run upon both . ever since M. Buvelot illustrated their charac iteristio beauties on his canvas that picture ^ujorâ will 6oori begin tooxchvim, " Toujours ytrdrixl" In the present exhibition there are aB many as 11 landscapes taken from the neighbourhood of Mount Macedon, and 10 from the country immediately surrounding Lilydale, Mr. 0. R. Campbell depicts the origin of Bilhouette drawing, as described in the auec dote of the young Greek gill who 8ketche3 the outline of her lover's shadowed profile on tlio wall. Tho same artist al_o exhibits a view of tbe ford at Macedon. Mr. John Gully's name only appears twice, v we ure Bony to see, in tho catalogue. His . delineation of a scene on the Slate Rivor, Golden Bay, Nelson, is scarcoly up to his ui,unl average, and seems to have beon hastily painted in parts. But his view oE tho "Lady Bowen Waterfall" at the head of -lilford Sound, on the west coast of New Zea- land, convoys a very good idoa of the stupendous giandcur of a scene which has probably noparallol in the world. Letthe spec- tator contrast the dimensions of the steamer in tbe fiord with those of the colossal gorge thiough which enormous glaciers once cut their way, and he will bo ablo to form a tolerably clear conception of the height and ningnitude of theso mountain masses. Mr, T. 1'. Webb baa painted the same Bcene from a different point of view, and at ti time, appa leutly, when tbo cataract had been swollen by iccent rains; and the picture, which has been cleverly executed, constitutes an inter- esting complement to Mr. Gully's. Wo under, stand that M. von Guerard is at work on au oil painting of tho same subject, from sltetches mado during his recent visit to Milford Sound. A MATURE of the Sunday dinners at the California State prisons is a 1,2001b, broad pudding. 