DIOCESE OF SANDHURST. (From our own Correspondent.) His Lordship Bishop Crane is still up in the Beechworth district attending to the spiritual wants of that portion of his extensive diocese. The Sisters of Mercy's school is well attended, having now upwards of 70 scholars. The good Nuns are instructing a number of children every evening this week-for their first Communion. __ (From an Albury Correspondent.) THE RIGHT REV. DR. CRANE AT WODONGA. During the past few weeks it was publicly notified that his Lordship the Bishop of Sandhurst would officiate on the 4th June in the new Catholic church at Wodonga. The Catholics of the town and district have made creditable efforts to receive their venerable bishop with all those tokens of respect which indicate Catholic belief in his apostolic mission and dignity, and also of his lawful claims to Catholic regard and submission. His Lordship arrived in Wodonga by the midday train on Saturday, and was received at the railway station by the Very Rev. Dr. McAlroy, V.G, Albury, and by the principal Catholic inhabitants of Wodonga. After a few minutes' delay, the bishop accompanied the Very Rev. Dr. McAlroy to his residence in Albury, and remained there on Saturday night. On Sunday morning his Lordship celebrated first Mass in Wodonga. Before the celebration of the 11 o'clock Mass, the Albury Hibernian Society marched in procession from Mr. Bambrick's Hall to the church, followed in vehicles by the bishop and the Very Rev. the Vicar- General of the Goulburn diocese. Mass being concluded by the Very Rev. Dean Tierney, pastor of the Beechworth mission, of which Wodonga formed part; the Bishop's sermon commenced. His lordship took for his text, "Thou shalt send forth thy spirit, they shall be created and thou shalt renew the face of the earth." It would scarcely be doing justice to the sermon to give an outline or a condensed report. There can be no second opinion on the subject, it was a powerful discourse. The text selected, the Festival of Pentecost, and the administration of the sacrament of confirmation all tended to have the sermon directed to the Spirit of God, the Paraclete, the third person of the Triune God. The dogmatic theology of the Church on the subject was clearly and forcibly stated and the power and influence of the Holy Ghost was admirably illustrated in the Acts of the Apostles, and solemnly attested by the change effected in the apostles on the Day of Pentecost, when the Holy Spirit descended on them in the significant manner recorded in the sacred scriptures. His Lordship dwelt on their lowly circumstances, and on the entire absence of all social worth or distinction which was characteristic of the chosen twelve. Taken from toilsome duties, not only bereft of pleasing manners, but so dull and illiterate as to be incapable of understanding the simplest lessons of their Lord and Master, and while they manifested the most disagreeable and censurable imperfections, scarcely could there be discerned a single trait of character deserving of esteem or admiration. Such were the men selected to teach all nations. Men without genius, without learning, power, or worldly influence, without money, without treasures to encounter the colossal power of Pagan emperors and to confound the proud philosophers of Greece and Rome. Judged by the world's standard what an illusion was the undertaking; but judged by the standard of the Cross and by the power of the Holy Spirit, how trifling and insignificant are all the obstacles, the oppositions and the machinations of earth and hell. His Lordship contrasted the zeal, the knowledge of religion and its mysteries, the holiness of life and the fortitude which, was so signally displayed by the apostles after the descent of the Holy Spirit, with what they so invariably displayed during the public ministry of the Redeemer, and principally during his passion and death. The examples given of St. Peter show what man is, and also what man may become when the Spirit of all Truth takes possession of the soul. His Lordship, in very felicitous language, delineated the sufferings and triumphs of the Church in all ages, and how the Church at present, guided and directed by the most illustrious Pontiff that ever sat in the chair of Peter, combats all foes with the same heroic and undaunted courage as the Apostles displayed when they encountered the raging fury of the Jewish Synagogue, and the mighty efforts of the Caesars — the all-powerful reason being that the Church was established by God's Spirit, and that the same holy and divine Spirit remains with he Church, to enlighten and sanctify it till the world's consummation. His Lordship next directed attention to the obligations contracted in Confirmation, and in all the sacraments, and pointed out that the observance of God's Commandments required the continual assistance of God's Holy Spirit to each individual. After a very pathetic and solemn supplication that God's Holy Spirit — the spirit of truth and holiness would descend into the hearts of all present, and replenish their souls with all His gifts and fruits. On the conclusion of the sermon, the sacrament of Confirmation was administered to 22 boys and 15 girls. It is to be hoped the completion of the new church which is now in progress of erection will soon be announced, and that we shall have the happiness of hearing the eloquent words of the venerated bishop on the dedication of the church to its destined use and objects. Wodonga is something of an inland emporium for traffic between the colonies of Victoria and New South Wales. A small donation from the numerous squatters on each side of the Murray would soon make an ornamental change in the little church. Mr. Cox, of Wagga Wagga, gave a generous donation twelve months ago. The Church, being on a very imposing site, when finished will be an ornament to the town. Taking all things into consideration, the Catholics of Wodonga, with their respected pastor, the Very Rev. Dean Tierney, my congratulate themselves on the day's success. At the same time, gratitude is due to the Very Rev. Dr. McAlroy and to the members of his congregation. Judged by the feeling manifested on this occasion, the Right Rev. Dr. Crane will at all times receive a cordial reception from the Catholics of the district. 