TIIEATIili m\\\h. hamlet. xur. u. V. uuapxm uas come here with an established reputation from the ueighboriug colonies, and he made his first uppearauce at at the iloyal on Saturday evening, taking for his opening character the Prince of Denmark. The house iu all parts except the dress circle was crowded to excess, and the dress circle was better than it generally is ou a Saturday night. It is creditable to the intelligence of the average audience that "Hamlet" never fails to give pleasure when it is respectably performed. Mr. Chaplin comes amongst us as a "star" tra gedian, and thus lie invites a severer order of criticism than au ordinary stock actor would do. A star tragedian challenges comparison with the highest members of the profession, and cannot complain if he is judged by the highest standard. A more difficult play to test the real ability, of an actor than " Hamlet" does not exist. To act it lias been the ambition of every young actor, but for one who has aucceded iu grasping the whole nature of the wayward Prince and enter ing into the motives which influenced him, a thousand have failed. We say at once that Mr. Chaplin is a respectable actor, a long way above the average. He lias a fine commanding pre sence, an expressive countenance, a good voice, and an excellent elocution; and yet in his Hamlet there is something wanting. To beg'ui with, his make up, notwithstanding the elo gauce of liis costume, does not give a true idea of the youug Prince. He looks a man of forty instead of a youth of tweuty-oue. A fair wig, such as Montgomery and Fairclough used to wear.aud a lighter style of attire—lighter, not in color, but in quality—would give somethiug of thu youthful grace which we are wout to associate with the Prince. Then, it seems to us that he is wanting in tenderness. His uature is hardly sympathetic enough to touch the hearts and tmill the souls of the audience. There was a certain amount of hardness iu the closet scene with the guilty Queen. It is quite true that the Prince has to be cruel that lie may be kind; but it is difficult not to compare Mr. Chaplin's acting in this scene with that of Mr. Fair clough. Few of our readers can forget the exquisite tenderness and touchiiig pathos with which Fairclough uttered the words—" Mother, for love of grace," &c.; The passage, too, "Look on this picture," &c.;, lost its eifect by a com parison of the two miniatures, which were manifestly worn fox* the occasion, as they were Been neither before nor after. Of course Mr. Chaplin did display some vigorous and effective acting in this sceue. With his powers he could not help it; but, while ho was powerful in the steruer expressions of auger, he was lacking iu the softer touches of pity which fiud their way to all hearts. Mr. Chaplin was most effective in his soldo quies—his fine voice, imposing presence, ami graceful elocution, assisting Uiiu here. His ad dress to the players was especially well done, and the famous "To be or not to be" was ex cellently delivered. His interview with Ophelia, and his "Get thee to a nunnery," was not quite so effective. By the way, there was a curious emendation in his reauiug the well-known and most controverted passage of"! know a hawk," &c.; The old editions of the play have it " I know a hawk from a hand saw," the new editions supply the better word " lieronshaw;" but Mr. Chapliu gave it thus— "I know a hawk from a heron—pshaw! "which strikes us as supremely absurd. In the play Bceue the effect was destroyed, and almost made ridiculous by Mr. Chaplin's use of Ophelia's fan to conceal his face while watching the countenance of the King. He sometimes peeped over it and sometimes under it, and people were incliued to laugh at wiiat looked .like girlish coquetry. Besides, the fan hid Hamlet's face from the audience, and coucealed tlu* working of his passions tlirough his features, of which Fairclough made so much. This, we submit, is a defect in true art. Still Mr. Chaplin is an excellent actor, with a high con ception of the dignity of his art, and It is uu mean privilege to hear Shakspeare's grand aml sublime thoughts delivered with so much care and intelligence,! ami with such a maguificeut voice. Of the other performers we have not much to say. It is difficult to fiud a stock com pany whose forte lies in sensational drama competent to act Shakspearo. We can only Bay, taken as a whole, the company did the thing better than we expected, and cer tainly better than thecompauy who played with Mr. Fairclough did it, with the single exception of Mrs, Steele. Miss Clara Stepheusou undo but an indifferent Ophelia, and, except iu the mad scene, never rose above mediocrity. 'Iu dialogue she would speak to the audieuce instead of to the person she was supposed to address. Miss Blanche Grey essayed thejwrt of the Queen, but it was uot a success. Tlu* role is altogether out of her reach, ami her representation of Hamlet's guilty mother was wanting both in dignity and passion. Mr. Martin, besides being defective in the text, was a most unkingly king, and, perhaps judiciously he omitted the fine soliloquy " O, my offence is, rank." Mr.Hasker,as the garrulous old courtier, did his work better than any of the ordinary com pany, and it was really a pity when the meddle some old ass got hia quietus by the sword of Hamlet. Mr. Balnford's Ghost was most ghostly in utterance. His speeches were delivered iu monotone. In the closet scene we prefer the ghost off the stage as truer to art. It is ridicu lous for Gertrude to talk about her son bending his eye on vacancy when the ghost is before him and her in palpable form and share? Mr. Boothman's Laertes had too much Boof-tmaa and too little Laertes in it. Mr. Frank Towers was in his element as the gravedigger, though be might have had a little more earth iu the grave. Every time, after herculean labors, lu< threw about a tablespoonful of soil on the stage he was greeted with a loud laugh from tho gallery. We have written freely of this performance, but we have expressed an honest opinion. Though it was far below Bhakspeares cou ception, it is a great improvement on some of the thin bodiless dramas to which we havu been accustomed of late. M. Towers deserves credit for an bonest attempt to give Adelahh* playgoers something better than the ordinary run of sensational dramas, and we hope hu attempt will be successful. " Hamlet will bo repeated this evening, when we have no doubt it will go more smoothly than on its first per formance, as the feeling of nervousness in soma of the actors will probably have passed away when they have become better accustomed to their businesa^^ A musical and literary entertainment U to be given at St. LuJm's Church Lm|uW Hall this evening. The .Bev. J. VoUitt will occupy the chair. . 