GHEELEVS GHOST. To the Editor of the Cornwall Chronicle, bm,-Mr Trowell, the historian, made a remark in a speech de livered at Capo Town a your or two ago, to tbe effect that tho pros perity of a country depended on the irtueofils public men— a stlf.crident tiuth that will commend itself to every ko, and taking our public men, as pictured fcrtli by themselves sinco this scsision of Parliament o imrnQQCcd, I very muoh {* ar that notwithstanding our greal natural advanlaees prosperity is still afar from u». That men could stand up, as re ported in tho debates on the Premier's position, and out or their own mouths cs po?e their own mean and degraded social instincts, siyircry little for the future of Another phape of feeling eroppod forth ii lite deljutoon the disputo between Mr llenrr and tho Munich al Council of Deloruine, which has proved for years most disastrous to ibe progress oi the country,— a feeling of narrow-minded, ignorant cupidity, which would rather loso ilian have others gain, existing in every little settlement and town iu the island, exercised individually towards one another, and collectively towards other -ettlcmeuis ainl towns, and whi.h they iave not tlie en I lightened Rplflalinnfiu tn sc eventu-tei very often in the ruin of the promoters of the feeling. Mr Henry faclure of some kind, which cannot fail lo bo of benclil directly or indirectly to the community of Oeloraine. Ko applet for a lease according tu regulations made with ihe idea of encouraging this very thing that Str Henry wants to do. Simeltorly else finds out that Mr Henry has found something that ho might havo got if he hail been sharp enough, envious im agination sets tn work, and this bit of waste land becomes enhanced to the valuu of a tbousand [pounds. Then ' public virtue' cornea on the seen.', aud with a hullibtloo the muni duality set lo work. Now, it i, not pre tended thai the Deloraine Council wi.h to utilise this water-power in any way for ic good of the publio at large, or thet the possesses of il by Mr Henry would bo detrimental to the people of Delora.ne. Tlie object appears simply to prevent Mr Henry doing anything with it. Its pos tc.MOn by Mr Henry may in the future convert it into the term wLich will make Deloraine to flourish as a largo maim fa- luring city. There must be a begin ning to everything, and litlln incidents liko this sometimes us.vo great bearing on tbe prosperity ol a locality. I sineerely trust 'publio virtue' will not prevent Mr Henry from making this water-power a germ of prosperity toliimsclf.and through UoraceGr«lcy,w.lieii in the flesh, wrote the following asa sure means uf destroy ing the BMspwity of the most promising town.— ''If you want to keep a town from thriving, don't put up any more buildings than you can conveniently occupy your self. If you shuuld accidentally havn an empty building, and any body should want to rent it, ask three times the value of it. Demand a Shylock price for every spot of ground that God has given you stewardship over. Turn a cold shoulder lo every mechanic and business man seeking a home with you. Look at o.tij aicn uuujtrr Wllll A BCOW1. UUO down the wort of every new workman. Go abroad for wares, rather than those who seek to do business in your midst. Fail to advertise, or in any other way lo Bupport your paper, so that; people abroad may linow whether anj business n going on in that tc»o ot not. Wrap yourself upin a coat of impervious srlfl-h- ness. 1 here is no more cfTeolual way to retard the growth of a to»n than actions like those ennmerate.1, iind iherc arc people in every tmi u (in Tssmani,) who are pursuing inu same rourse everv dav uf their lives, aud to whom the above remarks are respectfully offered far their consideration. ' Yours, &o; , GUBELKY'S GHOST. 