. THE WEEK. Sxbekt Improvement. — A very noteworthy improvement has been made of late in George-street South. For a long time past, two small and some what unsightly shops have encroached on Engine street — a street opening from George-street, and running on to the reclaimed land at the head of Darling Harbour. The Council, some time since, voted £350 as a recompense to the owner of the encroacfiing property, Mr. John Harris, of Shane Park. Nego tiations between the Mayor and that gentleman happily terminated to the advantage of the citizens and the improvement of that part of the city where the property was situated. The rent of the buildings given up by jir. Harris for the sum named, waB, we believe, about £6 per week. There are many other streets of the city which are almost useless through the en croachment of properties. And they would be con ferring a benefit upon their fellow-citizens, if the owners of such properties were to meet the Municipal Council in a liberal spirit, with a view to the opening up of thoroughfares to their proper alignment. Destruction by Hares. — Mr. J. Kefford, of Poor Man's Hollow, in the Bathurst district, informs the Bathurst Free Press that the hares in his locality have stripped the bark from the bottom of nearly two hundred young trees, and have ruined a large number, principally apple and pear trees. Endowment for Jewish Youths. — The can didates for the scholarships founded by Mrs. Mauriea Alexander, in memory of her deceased husband, have been severally examined, and the ? awards made to the three most proficient applicants. They have entered upon their studies at the Sydney Grammar school, and hopes are entertained that at least one of them will pass a creditable examination at the ex piration of the third year, and be able to matriculate with honour, so as' t j do justice to the widow* s munificent endowment. Surry Hills Wesleyan Sunday School. — The thirty-ninth anniversary of the Surry Hills Wes leyan Sunday-school was celebrated on Tuesday. After a tea-meeting, held in the ?chool-roouis, Botany street, a public meeting was held in the church, in Bourke-street. The Rev. James A. Nolan, the super intendent minister of the circuit, occupied the chair. After opening devotional services, and a brief intro ductory address, he called upon Mr. F. Bridges, in tlio ahcmmch nf thp HPMpfflrr. to rpari thft rAnart. front which it appeared that the number of scholars on the Vooks, inclusive of b th the catechumen and the infant classes, is 561, with a staff of 49 officers and teachers ; that owing to the prevalence of sicknesa the average attendance has been much lower than has been usual; that the library catalogue consists ®f 1520 volumes, the weekly issue being, inclusive of periodicals, 120 ; and that the scholars have raised about £150 in aid of the home and the foreign missions of the Wesleyan Church. Mr. Bridges, as treasurer, read his balance- sheet, showing a deficiency in the funds of about £23. The meeting was addressed by Me-ers. J. Crawshaw, W. H. M'Clelland, T. Donald, and H. Kellett, the speeches being alternated with pieces of music sung by the juvenile choir. On the motion of Mr. R. Iredale, seconded by Mr. H. French, cordial thanks were accorded to the ladies who had provided the tea, and to the Rev. J. A. Nolan for his services in the chair; and the meeting broke up. Waterloo Congregational Church. — A largely-attended tea-meeting was, on Tuesday even ing, held in the Waterloo Congregatunal Church, t» welcome the Rev. W. Bradley, the pastor thereof, on his return from his sojourn in Victoria. After the tea the friends present resolved themselves into a public meeting, at which the Rev. W. Slatyer pre sided, and, after devotional services, expressed his personal satisfaction and thankfulness that Mr.. Bradley had returned in safety, and as he (Mr. Slatyer) hoped and believed, very much benefited by the change. He rejoiced to see how heartily Mr. Bradley was welcomed back by his congregation, and hoped that by their kind and considerate treatment they would encourage him to pursue his course with unabated vigour. The meeting was also addressed by the Rev. Messrs. Williams (chairman of the Congre gational Union of New South Wales), Curtis ^Pres byterian), and Woodhouse (Wesleyan). Mr, Dignt, on behalf of Mr. Jeremiah Baker, presented the Rer. W. Bradley with four volumes (Watson's Institutes) in token of the affection of the people of his charge. Mr. Bradley then briefly acknowledged and recipro cated the many kind things which had been said of and to him by the preceding speakers, and the pre sent of books which had been handed to him ; aad proceeded to describe the work in which, while at Melbourne, he was engaged. He expressed his satis faction at the heartiness of his reception by the Church, and the unbounded hospitality accorded t» him. Before he went to Melbourne he was advised by all means to conceal the fact that he was a native ? of New South Wales or he would be universally scowled upon ; while by others he was as strongly recommended to publish that fact and he would receive every possible attention and respect. Being proud of his country, he took the first opportunity, in his very first service, of making it known that he was a native of New South Wales, and a married man, the propriety of which course the kind treatment he subsequently received fully justified. In the course of the evening several pieces of sacred music were skilfully rendered by the choir, with instrumental accompaniments on a harmonium and a violoncello ; and about 10 o'clock the meeting was closed by sing ing a dismission piece. Certified Chttech of England School, Waverley.— The parents of the children attending the parochial school at Waverley and other friends assembled in the schoolroom, on Tuesday evening, 8th instant, to witness the presentation of a testi monial to the teacher, Mr. J. E. Bates, in recognition of his eight years' successful management of the school. A juvenile concert was also arranged for the same evening, and some fifty of Mr. Bates's pupils rendered in a very creditable manner several pretty part-songs and choruses, interspersed with recitations which were warmly applauded by an audience . which crowded the schoolroom in every part. The testimonial consisted of a purse of 20 sovereigns, contributed by several of the parishioners, and an elegantly chased electroplate tea and coffee service in a polished cedar case with a silver plate, bearing the following inscription : — ' Presented to Mr. J. E. Bates by the parents of the children attending the Waverley Church of England school. St. Mary's, Waverley, 8th August, 1876.' The latter was exclusively the gift of the parents of Mr. Bates's pupils, and represented the contributions of forty-five families. These tokens of goodwill and kindly feeling were presented to. Mr. Bates on behalf of the contributors by the Rev. S. Mitchell at the conclusion of the first part of the concert. Mr. Bates acknowledged the presentation in feeling and suitable terms, and the evening's entertainment, which ap ? eared to give general satisfaction, closed with ' Auld -ang Syne ' and the National Anthem. The juvsnile songsters were then regaled with cake and fruit, while their parents inspected approvingly the testimonial which their contributions had secured. Alleged Cruelty to a House. — At tha Howlong Police Court, on the 2nd August, Thomas Everitt was charged with having, at Howlong, on the 27th June last, caused a horse to be cruelly ill treated by allowing it to be overridden and flogged during a race, in which the animal ran eighty-seven miles. After hearing a good deal of evidence, the Bench decided that the charge had not been sus tained and dismissed the case. The Legacies of the late Mr. Rutlkdoe* — Among the wills proved on the 27th ultimo waa that of the late Mr. W. Rutledge, of Farnham. Park. His property (according to the Argus) was sworn at £153,000 realty and £25,000 personalty, making a total of £188,000. The testator leaves his widow an annuity of £700 per annum, and to each of his five daughters he gives £10,000 ; he gives small amounts to various persons, and the remainder of his property to his two sons. Ths Department of Lands. — The for Lands has been compelled to restrict the time for granting personal interviews, aad for keeping the Department and sub- offices open to the general public. We understood that this course has been found at last to be imperative, in order t» enable the Minister to devote some portion of the day to the increasing current business of the Depart ment, and to see his own officers' 'on the ? various matters daily requiring his attention or decision., It frequently happens that tat office is thronged with people wishing interviews cither with the Minister or the chief olhcials from the time the doois are opened until 4 o'clock, and that the general work and many matters of importance are inevitably delayed. The arra-gement which it has been found necessary to adopt is somewhat in accordance with that which has been in force for some time past in the Lands Department of Victoria, excepting that in that colony only two days in the week are set apart for the reception of the public. It is hoped and believed that the hours fixed upon by the Minister here, viz., from 11 a.m. to 3 p.m. in each day of Uie week, excepting Saturday, will meet the requirements and convenience of all persons having business to transact with the department. We are also desired to call special attention to the request of the Minister, that gentlemen desiring interviews with him on any matter will, in the first instance, refer to the heads of branches. At present, the practice in the majority of instances is to go direct to the Minister, whose time is thus unnecessarily taken up in sending and waiting for the papers, or the information re quired to enable him to give any decision on the matters brought before him. The printed statements, showing the different branches, and the particular business transacted by them respectively, will be Jound very convenient for reference. The Pacific Mail Service — With refer ence to the proposal made by the agents of the Pacific mail service, and to the suggestion of the New Zealand Government, for a change of route, the Government of thiB colony sent two telegrams to the New Zealand Government on tbe subject. The first was on the 18th ultimo from the Postmaster-General, Sydney, to Sir Julius Vogel, Wellington, in the fol lowing words: ' Be Pacific Mail Service. We have bo definite proposals from contractors. Mr. Watt, their agent, before leaving here, promised that after conferring with contractors, at New York, he would communicate with us. HiB communication will pro bably reach us by incoming mail, when we will again telegraph to you.' The second telegram, as Mr. SurnB stated in the Legislative Assembly on the 4th instant pretty fully explained the position of matters. TheNew South Wales Government -'informed the New Zealand Government that ? Mr. Watt wrote to them from San Francisco, under date June 17, stating that the changes in the directory of the Pacific Mail Company would probably improve the management, and there was no likelihood of the ser* ice being allowed to drop. Mr. Watt was then ab jut to see directors at New York, from whence he was to communicate with 4he Government.' Pboposed City Railway Extension — There ? jb now being exhibited at the Exchange a plan «f the proposed extension of the railway from Redfern to the Circular Quay, as advocated by Messrs. Walter Bradley and John Walker at a public meeting held at the Exchange on June 13, 1876. Commencing at the Redfern station, the proposed line crosses over the Belmore Markets, and passes between Pitt and Castle jeagh streets as far as Liverpool-street, thence it goes underground to Bligli-street, and under Bligh and Phillip- streets, to the Circular Quay, at the back of the Water Police Office. There will be three inter mediate stations— one at Goulburn-street, another near the Markets, and the third at Hunter-street. The levels 6how a gradient of 1 in 153,' and are arranged so as not to interfere ?with the traffic of any cross streets. The plan does not contemplate the pur chasing of any ground for station purposes, except a bouse on each side where the stations are to be placed. Sydney City and Suburban Sewage and Health Bo aiuj. — The following statement of expen diture and report respecting further money required by the Sewage and Health Board has been printed to the order of the Assembly 41 The Secretary, Sydney Sewage and Health Board, to the Principal Under Secretary, Sydney, 21st July, 1876. Sir, — -I have the honour to submit, for the information of the Honorable the Colonial Secretary, a detailed statement of expen diture by the Sydney City and Suburban Sewage and Health Board, from the 12th May, 1875, to the 30th June, 1876. With respect to the further sum of .£1500 asked for by the Board, I am instructed by the -chairman to inform you tliat it is required : — To replace the sum of £331 7s. 2d. expended by the Board in excess of the money voted by Parliament, as shown by the accompanying return. To defray the expenses of the current month. To enable the Board to complete plans, estimates, and specifications, and to report a general system of sewerage for the city and suburbs, the Board having been specially appointed, on the 12th April, 1875, 4 to inquire into and report as to the best means of dis posing of the sewerage of the city of Sydney and its suburbs, as well as of protecting the health of the in 'habitants thereof.' To enable them to bring up their ?tinnl report and evidence on the state of crowded dwellings and areas in the city and suburbs — an inquiry upon which they have been engaged, with the \- sanction of the Government, since the 26th October JaBt. And, lastly, to enable the Board to inquire into end xepert upon the following subsidiary matters detailed in their Ninth Progress Report, clause 15, -rix. : (1) Offensive manufacturing establishments ; (2) Slaughtering in the city ; and (3) The adulteration of food and drink — which the Honorable the Colonial Secretary declined to authorize until the necessary funds were voted by Parliament. I am desired to add that very elaborate plans and surveys have been made, and long continued inquiries and discussions have been held, as to the best system of sewerage for this -eity ; and that it will be a matter for regret if the labours and expenditure of the Board should lose a large part of their value for want of final revision and report-— I have, &c.;, Cuas. H. Barleb, secretary. Statement of expenditure from 12th May, 1875, to 30th June, .1876 Members' Fees— Chairman, £778 Is. ; E. O. Moriartv, £264 ; W. C. Bennett, £258 ; 3)r. Alleyne, £229 'lOs. ; J. B. Wilson, £274 ; F. Sell, £334; Hon. J. Smith, £174; G. F. Dansey, .£286; C. Watt, £134; P. F. Adams, £73 10s.; F. JL Grundy, £268; ft. B. Read, £204; B. Palmer, ^£280 ; M. Chapman, £338 : total, £3995 Is. Secretary, £395 17s.; shorthand writer, £618 2s. 6d.; messenger, £71 16s. Sd.; maps and surveys, £519' £s. 3d.; water analyses and inspection of watersheds, JB219 12s. 9d.; inspector of sewers, £37 10b.; patent street-ventilators, £75 Is. 10d.; gratuities to police, JB34 10s.; photographs of dilapidated dwellings, £15 ; coach and cab hire, £41 9s. lid.; fees for medical ad Trice, £6 6s.; office expenses, including postage and telegrams, £71 3s. 5d. ; land at Botany purchased for the Government, £300 (this item is not strictly chargeable to the expenses of the Board, the title . deeds of the land having been handed over to the Go Terome nt) ; balance of Treasury advance unexpended, £30 10s. 10s.: total, £6.331 7s.~2d.' The Port of Howlong. — Twelve months . ago the value of the collections made by the Custom bouse officer at the port of Howlong iB stated by the \- Border Post tcr have been something like 2s. 8d. jmonthly ; since then the district is becoming more .important, settlement is increasing, the commeicial transactions are larger and assuming respectable pro «' portions. Last month, which is regarded as the dullest of the year, the amount of. Customs' duties ; «ol)ected at the loctis in qtto was £101 Is. 5d., or about .£2000 per annum-. This incident indicates the grow ing proepeiity of the township. Common Lodging-Houses, — The following rcpoit of the select committee on common lodging houses of Sydney was, on the motion of Mr. Angus Cameron, the chairman, adopted by the Legislative Assembly on Tuesday: — ' 1 . Your committee have examined the witnesses named in the list, and are of opinion that legislation with reference to the lodging houses of Sydney and suburbs is urgently and imme diately required.' 2. The evidence which your com mittee have obtained reveals a state of affaire existing in the heart of the metropolis which is absolutely disgraceful, and calculated to work most injuriously upon the health and morals of the people. 3. Your committee therefore recommend tliat a bill should be passed by the _ Legislature as 6oon as possible, and that the said bill, among other matters, should con tain the following provisions :— (1.) That all lodging houses should pay alicense feeeither to the Government or Municipal Council of Sydney, and that officers be appointed whose duty should consist in inspecting such houses, and reporting to the proper authorities any breaches of the law that may take place. (2.) That each keeper of a common lodging house should be compelled to provide a certain amount of accom modation both as regards space, lavatories, water closets, &c.; 4\. Your committee believe that if a measure of the above nature were to become law, many of the enormities, shocking to human nature and derogatory to the welfare of the community, which are now shown to exist, would be in a great measure if not altogether removed. 5. Your com mittee cannot close this report without particularly directing the attention of your honorable House to the revolting and almost incredible statements contained in the evidence with regard to many of the Chinese lodging-houses in this city.' Blackwattle Swamp Reserve. — According to the Act 36 Vic., No. 10. one-fourth portion of the land now being reclaimed at Black wattle Swamp or Bay must be reserved for the purposes of public recreation. The Government has resolved to vest that portion in the Mayors of Sydney and the Glebe, for the time being, for the purposes for which it has been set apart. Strong recommendations have been made to the Government in favour of reserving the whole of the land f r recreation purposes, and the Government is, we understand, inclined to act upon those recommendations. But the matter is still under consideration. The Act em powers the Government either to let or sell the land, or any part thereof, by public auction, or to erect public works or buildings upon it. The money that was voted by Parliament to defray the expenses of reclamation was raised by loan. It amounted to £10,000, and the vote was in these terms : ' Purchase of Blackwattle Bridge and causeway and Pyrmont Bridge Company's roads between Pyrmont Bridge and Camperdown.' This loan was to be repaid by the 6ale of the land, excluding, of course, that set apart for purposes of recreati'»n. It therefore becomes a question whether, before the whole of the land can be set apart for the purposes of public recreation, it will not be necessary to repeal part of the Act under which the reclamation has been made. A Clergyman Missing. — Fears are enter tained respecting the Rev. James O'Donnell, the Roman Catholic clergymanat Wentworth, who has been absent up the Darling now over two months. No one seems to know (says the correspondent of the Wilcannia Times ) where he is, and rumours of his being lost in the bush have gained some credence, and caused considerable anxiety, not without reason, on account of his unusually lengthy absence, and his not so far as is known having communicated with any one . here. Accident to Rev. Canon Smith. — W leara from the Bathurst Free Press that an accident o rather a serious nature happened to the Rev. Canon Smith on Sunday last. The rev. gentleman was being driven by his younger son to the afternoon service in Milltown Church, and when near the church the bolt of one of the shafts of the buggy came out, allowing the shaft to fall and stiike the horse on the leg. The horse, a spirited animial, at once bolted, and Canon Smith was thrown with great violence from the vehicle to the ground. The young driver, with con siderable presence- of mind, then secured the reins, and made a safe descent over the back of the vehicle, lie remaining shaft shortly afterwards broke, and the horse, thus freed from the vehicle, galloped along the Vale Road for a mile or two with the broken shafts dangling at his heelB. Canon Smith, being a heavy man, was much shaken by the fall, and being brought home was attended by Dr. Bassett. No bones were broken by the fall, but Canon Smith has been confined to his bed Bince the accident, suffering severely from internal injuries and external bruises. On the 8th instant the rev. gentleman was improving slowly. A Mystehious Affair. — An alarming occur rence is reported by the Gundagai Times to have taken place on Tuesday morning at. the residence of the Rev. Mr. Holt. Between 5 and 6 o'clock Mrs. Holt expe rienced a sense of suffocation, and on awaking she found the room full of smoke. On being aroused, Mr. Holt, suspecting something was on fire, rushed down stairs to the kitchen, but seeing no fire about, only dense smoke, he concluded that a fire waB somewhere smouldering, but his search for it was unavailing. At length he sought the assistance of the police to un ravel this mystery, and also Billy Carroll, who searched under the flooring, &c.; ; stillno trace of fire could be dis covered, and up to the present it remains unaccounted for. Had any fire been left burning in the kitchen Bome suspicion might have arisen, but it so happened i that the kitchen fire had been allowed to die out early in the previous evening, thus making the occurrence still more mysterious. So soon as it became daylight a further search was made, but nothing has been dis covered to justify a thought as to the presence of the smoke. Two Men Killed in a Mine — Another of those fearful occurrences which are becoming alarm ingly prevalent is recorded by the Ballarat Evening Post to have taken place at the Sovereign Company's claim, when two stalwart miners, named John Jones and William Williams, both married men with families, were instantaneously killed, and two others, named John Skews and William Morgan, were Beriously injured. At the hour mentioned the foiir men named commenced to descend the shaft, standing two on each side of the top of the cage. The cage had descended about 500 feet when the pump- rods by some means became disc onnected on the surface, and, falling down the shaft, burst through the centre slabs, some of which fell on the men in the cage, killing Jones and Williams on the spot. Skews and Morgan were both seriously, but it is hoped not fatally, injured. Tobacco Leaf. — On the 31st ultimo, the balance of the tobacco leaf grown at the Black Range, near Albury, which was left of the crop of the season of 1375, amounting in the aggregate to 5317 lbs., was forwarded from Wodonga under bond to Melbourne, thence bv steamer to Sydney for reintroduction into New South Wales. The Border Post sayB that it -would have been sold in Melbourne were it not for tne prohibitive tariff of that country, which is severely felt by the producers of the Albury district. Such a roundabout way of transport shows the necessity for railway extension to the Border, for the argument holds good in Email as well as in large commercial transactions. Cabs Sharj-ebs and Maosmen ciibcx matep. — A correspondent writes : — 44 1 was sitting in a certain hairdresser's shop in George-street, on last Monday afternoon, when a young man entered, who, by his attire and manner, was evidently a 4 bush man.' He had scarcely seated himself when the door was pushed slightly ajar, and a head was thrust cau tiously into the apartment, while a pair of sinister locking eyes glanced round the room until they lighted on the form of the stranger, when the head was quickly withdrawn, but not until I had recog nized the features of one of those notorious 4 thieves and card sharpers' who hang about the corner of Market and George streets. I divined at once that the 4 young man from the country ' was the object of his polite attentions, and apprised him of the fact. He thanked me for the information, and explained that he had just left an auction room, where he had made some small purchases, in paying for which he acci dentally displayed a large bundle of notes, and was no doubt immediately marked as a victim by the mags man, who, with three attendant harpies, anxiously awaited the reappearance of the stranger, and, when he emerged from the tonsorial establishment, followed him up the street, little thinking that their intended prey was forewarned, and their nefarious designs defeated.' A Mysterious Death. — The remains of a man, apparently under thirty years of aae, are re ported by the Darling Downs Gazette to have been found near the telegraph line, below the main range. Information ot the discovery was given by Mr. Thomas Russell, who hapoened to find a travelling bag near what is known as the 44 Yellow Patch,' at the foot of the range. Having informed Mr. Pente cost of his discovery, they proceeded to institute in quiries, and discovered the bones of an adult male scattered about the ground in the vicinity of the spot ' where the bag was first seen bj Mr. Russell. Near | the remains were found a waterproof coat of superior quality, portions of clothing, towel, handkerchief,' pieces . of scarlet blanket, tin pot, and purse containing 3s. 9d., also | two pipes — one of wood and one of gutta percha. A silk sash (scarlet) was found a few vards from the re | mains, and one of the blucher boots (of small size) contained the bohes of the foot, which apparently had | been preserved for a longer period than other portions of the body by its covering. It is the opinion of the medical authorities that the deceased man met with his death only a few months ago. In the bag were parcels of tea and salt, a bottle containing rum, a toothbrush, and portions of a book or newspaper printed in English. New South Wales at the Queensland Exhibition. — Our neighbours in New South Wales (writes the Brisbane Courier) are determined to be well represented at the forthcoming Intercolonial Ex hibition in Brisbane, and having been unable to secure sufficient space in the building erected in Bowen Park are about to provide the requisite ac commodation for themselves by erecting an annexe 65 feet by 30 feet, to the present building, in order to set out their exhibits to proper advantage. Mr. Jules Joubert, who is taking a warm interest in the enter prise, writes from Sydney, under date July 29 : — 'I can assure you that our court will not disgrace your show. The number of entries is far beyond our own expectations. Up to date there are more than 350, representing some 1100 or 1200 articles. The selection is 6uch as to allow a very effective display.' This should stimulate our own people to still greater inte rest in the aflair, lest perchance they should find them selves outshone at their own show. The Duplicate Cable. — Since the return of Captain Audley Coote to Melbourne (the Argus says), he has had an interview with the Postmaster General with reference to the proposals for duplicate cable communication with Europe. He points out that the direct route from Western Australia to Galle will not be so suitable as he anticipated when in cluding that among the proposed routes he submitted, as he has now ascertained that the Keeling or Coco Inlands, which lie in that route, and wliich were thought to form an excellent half-way station, would not be suited for that purpose. The islands rise sheer from the sea, the depth of water being bo great around them that it is believed no good landing-place for the cable could be obtained. Captain Coote has sub mitted an amended proposal, showing an alteration of the route. He proposes that the cable should start as before from the North-west Cape and run to the Straits of Sunda, touching at the extreme point of the island of Java, and then from thence going direct to Galle. The distance would be somewhat longer, and the expense would also be rather above that pre viously estimated for the other route. It is not pro bable that any steps will be taken towards holding a conference between the colonies interested on this subject until after the return of Mr. Cracknell, the superintendent of telegraphs in New South Wales. Capture of Escaped Prisoners. — The New Norfolk correspondent sent to the Tasmariian Tribune of July 25 the following further particulars of the capture of Wamsley : — ' One of the three poor wretches who recently escaped from' the Hobart Town gaol, through the very culpable negligence of the sentry, has been captured. The Superintendent of Police of New Norfolk, Mr. Stevenson, and constable Coulan, on Saturday evening, went down the Hobart Town Road towards the arm, Mr. Stevenson going ahead, and Coulan, who is a very young man, being, left about two miles from New Norfolk. Whilst there keeping a look-out, he noticed two of the escapees — Bright and Wamsley — opening the gate of a farmer, Mr. William Williams. He immediately rushed up to them and secured Wamsley, in mistake for Bright, handcuffed him, and then called upon Alfred Wil liams, a strapping young fellow, a brother of W. Wil liams, to mind Wamsley whilst he went after Bright, but the fellow, in a tone of great trepidation, said, 4 I can't,' although Coulan offered him the use of his loaded gun. Coulan was therefore obliged to stick to Ids quarry, and let the other fellow escape. Wamsley was lodged in New Norfolk gaol. Bright, the other prisoner still at large, appears to be a most notorious character, having escaped from both Port Arthur and Hobart Town gaol two or three times before, and upon one occasion was captured at the Styx, but escaped, although handcuffed ; and while out he called at Bryn Estyn, and represented to Major j Lloyd that he was a special constable sent after him- ! selfj and showed the handcuffs, wliich he had taken off, in proof. He intended sticking up the place at night, but was recaptured whilst asleep i i the bush with a loaded gun in bis possession. Wamsley is also a desperate character, and is reported as having stabbed a man at Ross. I have gleaned that they put up at the house of an old ranger of great notoriety at Glenorchy, thence called at the limeburners at Bridgewater, where Mullens was captured ? by Mr. Anderson, but' escaped before the police arrived to take him in charge. The three then parted company, Bright and Walmsley making for New Norfolk, intending to cross over the bridge there on Saturday night; but as they had only eaten about thret -quarters of a pound of bread since escaping, aud ?were very tired and footsore, they encamped at the back of Williams's, and intended robbing his house during his absence. Had they done so they would have procured firearms.' Bright was afjenvards captured near the Salmon Ponds. Cooktown. — Our latest dates are to ths 29th July. From the Courier of the date we take tho following: — 'The total of the precious ore in hands of our local banks up to yesterday evening was 2250 ounces. By advices received fio'm our cor respondent at Maytown, we understand that the escort in charge of Sergeant Martin a, id his troopers had left that township with the valuable freight of 7000 ounccs, which may be looked for to arrive here during the ensuing we k. There is at present great depression in the state of trade, aud our business people seem disheartened and gloomy in consequence5 We shall be relieved when we hear of the first crush ing on the Hodgkinson, as it may be the means of imbuing us with fresh life, activity, and the almighty dollar. It is a matter of regret that machinery was not on the new field some tune ago, but better late than never ; and when it does arrive we hope to hear «ood tidings, so that business may revive and Cooktown awake from the lethargy in which she is now plunged.' The New Queensland Port. — By the Leichardt (6.) which arrived at Cooktown on the 28th July, Mr. B. G. Sheridan, of Cardwell, was a passenger. The Cooktown Herald says that Mr. Sheridan has been for the last fortnight in Trinity Harbour surveying it, and he reports that the har bour is a magnificent sheet of water four or five miles long, and about three hundred yards ?wide. There are nine feet at low water on the bar, and the tide has a rise and fall of thirteen feet at spring tides. Mr. Sheridan reports a general depth inside of from three to four fathoms at low water, and sufficiently shel tered to accommodate a whole fleet. So far as he could judge, there was well-gra?sed country around it, but what was behind is not known, {since Mr Sheridan arrived we have seen a man from the Hodg kinton, who states that it is reported to be a matter of impossibility to get a road from the diggings over the . morass between the sea and the range. Our Mothers. — This is the season for catch ing colds, and the British matron should look to it, remarks the Medical Examiner. 44 As to every other member of her family except herself, she is prudent enough in this matter She will say to her lesser half— 4 Mind you wrap up well.' Of her children sha i6 alwayB commendably careful. She will dress them up even in Ulsters and fur caps when she can afford it, and will anxiously assist in the blowing of the noses of those of her brood who are not yet old enough to perform that necessary function unaided. But we repeat it — she does not take necessary care of herself. One of the most efficient prophylactics against cold-taking is regular walking exercise in the prime of the day ; and that, as a matter of fact, is a precaution that our matrons as a class are sadly neg lectful of. They will go out now and then to a winter evening's entertainment, and, like the hothouse plants which figure on such occasions, experience very often a withering result from the unwonted exposure to cold. The matron gets as a rule (to which the exceptions are comparatively few) in the habit of stopping at home a good*deal more than is good for her. She will frequently not go out for a week ; often enough she does not go out for a month. The Roman matron could afford to do so in the mild climate of Italy, where open doors and windows enabled her to take exercise in the open air without going out to seek it ; but we live under different conditions. Let our matrons pay due attention to their household cares ; but let thein also bear in mind that, as regards most families, theyr cannot easily find a substitute if* they become disabled from any cause, and that a proper regard for their own personal well-being is one of the first of the duties which they owe to the house holds over which they preside. The Milk Supply. — A letter in the Scrutineer from Captain Farquhar states that the Fresh Food and Ice Company, of Sydney, decline to accede to the proposal of the dairy farmers to take 6d. per gallon for eight months of the year and Is. per gallon for the remaining four months. In the letter the captain expresses a wish that the farmers, on careful reconsideration, will see that it is to their advantage to accept the company's terms — viz., 6d. per gallon for eight months and 8d. per gallon for four months, with a deduction for carriage from the depots in the different localities to the railing stations. We ( Scrutineer ) believe we can safely say that it was use less to express such a wish, and, further, that the company will never obtain a permanent supply of pure milk from this district for less than 2d, per quart. The principle seems to be -to grind the dairy farmer down to the last farthing, so that the company and residents of Sydney may be the gainers. Why should the company wish to sell the milk to the milk men for 3d. per quart when it now costs the latter over 4d. for every quart of milk he produces from his cows ? or why should the people of Sydney be supplied far cheaper with a pure article than they now pay for a very inferior article ? The great cry out in Sydney is not so much against the price as against the quality ; of course they would like it cheaper if the dairy farmers could be turned into philanthropists. We believe the company have signed agreements on their own terms with a few gentlemen around Moss Vale and Bowral station; and a trial would have been made before now only for the unfavourable season ; all are, how ever, supplied with tanks, coolers, &c.;, ready for a start in the spring, but we feel confident they will not long continue to supply milk at the price ; and even if they did it would be quite inadequate to the wants of Sydney. Unless the company accede to the very reasonable terms of the farmers of Robertson, Burra wang, and Kangaloon, they will never get a constant supply of milk from this district. One of the leading men in the matter of milk supply, and who has signed an agreement to give it a trial on the company's terms, informed us the other day that he felt confident now that it would never pay, and that he was, and had been for years, making more money by converting the milk into butter. A Mubical Ghost. — Te Aro, New Zealand, has been visited lately by a musical ghost (says the Wellington Post). The residents in a certain house which need not be specified gradually became aware that at irregular intervals, but especially during the nights, strains of unearthly music, soft and ghostly in character, proceeded from the family pianoforte. At first it was taken for granted that of course it must be the work of that evil genius in all servant-keeping establishments — the cat. By degrees, however, it was impossible to associate those weird strains with the prancing: of puss upon the keys, and it was still more difficult to understand how that domestic animal could open the instrument, exeeute an unearthly fantasia, close the lid, and vanish directly any one entered the room, as must have been the case, toy immediately the door opened the music ceased, ana the piano invariably was found shut. At last Mr Paterfamilias resolved to solve the mystery, ana remained on guard, keeping strict silence, and closely watching the open key- board. At last the usual ' fairy like music ' was wafted from the instrument, although no mortal or feline performer touched the keys ! Horror seized him, and he fled ! Clearly the pianoforte was a medium used by some unquiet spirit haunting the premises, and the family resolved at once to quit the unhallowed spot. Daylight, however, in spired them with boldness to look inside the piano, where some very lively young mice were fo:in' exercising their limbs on the wires. -^Ts^THKBN RAILWAY ^ExTKNSION.— who has been recently over the line, sends ^VXwing to the IIcraM:—'1 Rapid progress is being / ;lf the construction of this luie. A number of ^ftaff and a large body of the workmen formerly i!vved bv the contractor for the iirst section, now have been recently added to the numerous ^ h^v Sve spread over contract 2 and 3, aud | ?? ' 1 and R. Amos appear to be pushing on the S ^ith the utmost enterprise and dispatch. The Wur of permanent way is considerably impeded by , ^recurrence of heavy rains, but great strides may rioted notwithstanding. The rails are now laid six miles bevnd Bowning stauon, and shou:d ' wither be at'all favourable there is every proba kitstT of the line being completed as far as Binalong hv the middle of September. This further addition of fourteen and a half miles since the opening of the EL to Bowning on 3rd July will make the total length at Great Southern Railway 208 J- miles.' Thb Bishop Designate of Melbourne. — i The Sheffield Daily Telegraph says : — ' The Rev. J ames Moorhouse was the son of a master cutler (Mr. Moorhouse, cutlery manufacturer), and worked in his father's warehouse for some time. Although his father was anxious that he should follow the cutlery 1 business, the son never took kindly to it, and at length, , one evening at tea, Mr. Moorhouse said to him, ] -« Well, James, if you are determined to be a clergy- i man you shall be.' And he accordingly became one, being first a student of the People's College, where | the Rev. R. S. Bayley regarded him as one of the j most promising of his pupils. He afterwards gradu- j ated at St. John's College, Cambridge, where he tiok j the degree of B.A. At Cambridge he was so popular a6 a preacher that he was appointed the Hulsean Lec turer two years in succession. The subject of his lectures was ' The Life of Jacob.' Iiis first charge was not at Sheffield, he having accepted the curacy of St. j Tieats, where he madea brief se-j ourn. For several years he was cuiate at the pa ish church, having been ap pointed by the late Rev. Dr. Sale, within two years of his ordination. While in Sheffield he was remarkably popular as a preacher, and on that account he was re quested to deliver the special sermon on the occasion of the Lundhill Colliery explosion, Mr. Moorhouse afterwards left Sheffield to become curate to Canon Harvey, the Rector of Hornsey. He subsequently accepted the charge of St. John's, Fitzroy-square. By this time he had become known to the Bishop of Jxmdon (now Aichbishop of Canterbury), who formed so high an opinion of Mr. Moorhouse's ability and crier sy that he gave him the valuable living of the -vicarage of Paddington. At the parish church Mr. Moorhouse's ministrations are remembered with rare gratification by all who knew him. A thorough Sheffielder, he was warmly attached to his native town, and during his stay he e was signally successful in every kind of wo k he took in hand. Very early in his career he gave indications of those ra*e qualifica tions which afterwards enabled him to take a leading place among the preachers in * the world of London.' He is a prebend of St. Paul's, and one of the chaplains to her Majesty the Queen, before whom he recently preached at the Chapel Reyal, Windsor. His name has been announced as one of the clergymen who will take part in the laying the corner-stone of the Sale Memorial Church. Mr. Moorhouse, it will be remembered, is a son-in-law of . the late vicar ; and it is singularly suitable, not only that Mrs. Moorhouse should perform the ceremony of placing the stone in its proper position, but that the iirst public appearance of her husband after his promotion to the see of Melbourne should be at such an interest ing service, where respect is to be paid to the memory of the man who may be said to have almost 4 started ' Mr. Moorhouse on the distinguished track which has led to so much honour and usefulness, and brought Jiim, even in the activity of his manhood, to the dignity and responsibility of a bishopric. He is j about 50 years of age. The writing of books has not Tjeen much in his way. His Hulsean Lectures were printed, of course, and he also published a sermon on j the well-known Bennet Judgment. His views may be stated as 'strictly Evangelical,' but thoroughly Church.' A Love-sick Celestial. — Tlie Inglewood , correspondent sends to the Bendigo Advertiser the following : — A comical incident occurred at one of our churches on Sunday evening, at the termination of service. A Chinaman has been in the habit of attend ing the church lately, having apparently been struck 'with the beauties of the Christian religion as com pared with the barbarous practices of his own ; but, from what occurred on Sunday evening, it appears John must have been struck with something else, for ?when the congregation had left he remained, and, 'when asked the cause thereof, said, pointing to a lady whose duties required her presence for a short time after other people had gone, ' Lady love 'em me ; me marry her !' and he was so persistent in his deter ' mination to enter into the holy bonds that he had to be forcibly ejected. Nothing daunted, however, the love sick Celestial ran round, and got in at the back door of the church and again had to be turned1 out ; and even after the lady reached her home, the impudent fellow went there, crying out, 'Me want to marry lady !' Maori Journalism. — The Auckland corre spondent of the Otago Daily Times says : — ' King Tawhiao is about to start a newspaper. It is to be the Kingite organ, and the organ of the new religion. 'When the Austrian frigate Novara went to Europe jshe took two Waikato chiefs with her. In Vienna they received great attention from Maximilian (after wards Emperor of Mexico), but amid all the glitter around them they were most struck by the printing press shown for their amusement. When they left one was presented to them. The Hokioi, the old organ of die Ma'-ri war party, was printed with this press. Now the natives have the benefit of the Go vernment journal, the Waka Maori, and of the Opposi tion organ, the Wananga, but Tawhiao probably wants one exclusively for Waikato, and for the new religion. Speaking of religion, the great meeting so long talked ofhas come off. The chief dispute seemed to be 'whether Tawhiao shall be recognized as Jehivah or xemain simple Tawhiao. The Ngatimaniapotos were all for the former ; Tawhiao himself for the latter. They are a strange people, full of pratt? Tal common sense and with many noble qualities, but as full of superstitions as an egg is of meat. Strange Fatality. — An example of extra ordinary family fatality is given by the Owns and Mur ray Advertiser : — ' The fatal accident which occurred last Saturday to John M'Millan, a miner at Silver Creek, is only one of the most extraordinary series of fatalities amongst relations and connections which we ever remember to have heard. The deceased was only married about nine months, and another brother, ? in ^-'Millan, the younger, died in the Wagga Wagga hospital about a month ago. Ralph Lee, who nad only been then quite recently married to a sister . the late John McMillan's widow, was drowned about eight aionths ago in Lake Kerferd, although a strong swimmer, while landing a duck he had shot. The Toncle of these young men, John Hendry, Was killed ? from his waggon two years ago, and his widow, who, although quite a young person, is again*mamed to her third husbandj lost her first hus oand, the bite Mr. John Stewart, a young man, a larmer at Tarrawingee, who died quite suddenly from aeait diseaf e -within a week after their marriage. 