TALE. BLACK SPIRITS AND WHITE. By FRANCES ELEANOR TKOLLOPE. _ . rilrht of publication in Australia has been purchased by W rigM the proprietors of the Sydney Mail.] Chapteh XXII. Major Maude had not found bis 'evening at Lady t Jn'g very delightful, and yet he could not keep v elf away from her house in Green-street. To be there did not seem to be any particular reason SJ he should keep himself away ; and yet he tried r do so or fancied that he tried. But his feet turned in that direction with a curious persistence. No matter what the errand he was bound on, no matter Shat part of the town he began his day's walk in, !TnPr or later he was sure to find himself close to Sir Cosmo's house in the course of lie afternoon. It was quite surprising what a number of rations he found for being m that neighbourhood every day. It really seemed as if all the business he had in life had con centrated itself into a very small circle of which Sir Cosmo Lowry's house was the central point. He passed and repassed that dingy mansion until he knew by heart every dint and bump in the massive and ugly lump of iron-work on the street door which served as a knocker, 8nd the soot-laden iron pine apples at the top of the area railings. He did call on Lady Lowry rather frequently, but if he had visited her even half as often as he passed her door, he would have spent a consider able proportion of his whole existence under her ladyship's roof. Sarah had been well in clined towards Major Maude. The peculiar charm attaching to 'officers' in the ioo agina- tion of the female population of Lambrook— which was a garrison town—continued to exercise a certain sway over Lady Lowry after her eleva tion to a higher sphere. Then , too, Major Maude was good looking, and, as she phrased it, 'quite the gentleman.' She was more easy and less artificial with him than with most people. She was not on her guard against being ridi culed by him if she should chance to transgress any of the unwritten laws of fashionable behaviour which it was the chief study of her life to fulfil. Major Maude waB such a good natured, harmless creature. The unaffected, gentle sweet nets of his nature was recog nized, if not appreciated, by Sarah. She felt instinctively that he would not assert him self at her expense in any direction whatever. And al though she probably con sidered this to be a result rather of weakness than strength, yet it was a sort of weaknes which it ma in dubitably agreeable to meet with. And, on the whole, she Patronized Major Maude with 'He touches of unconscious comedy and much self-satisfied condescension. Sir Cosmo, for his part, made no advances towards renewing wl i. mtimacy -with Maude. 'ten he Baw him he spoke to aim with his usual unsympa thetic indifference of manner, nf V he would ha*e ad aressed a complete stranger. J '« as Major Maude did not go I? «een-street specially to see the master of the house, and «! ^ \\.master of the house nude himself disagreeable to ?'i the world with considerable uapartiality, this did not ope rate to check Maude's visits. 2a !* f d **» own antipathy J, Lady Lowry avail to check t»ii i i btrong as were the re h»T *J? owers of my kdy and JE™'b|nd.tihef6rceof Mary's ™twa overcame them. Maude certainly did not re ?& amount nf m»ki ? v.-_i. SX^^raXat of tiTo | Vs surPri-3ed himself, whenever the strength ?shouM vf6^ forced iteelf on H« attention. Why *orZ » mM 5?^ ^^ the fooli8ll- Belfi811' Uttle nesTTf v T'* ^d her coldness of heart and dul «5o2h^ letter to him? And yet it was really her arT e told h™*^. for any one to witness ^solute ? presumption to Mary Lowry, and her ^-ithoiit ^enBlbiUty to Mary Lowry'e noble qualities, 1W £'8«8t and indignation. ble for \;J?r Maude '? It was, at all events, impossi J^fectioM -8O' To deny or W0Ie Mary Lowry's ' as was, m his eyes, equivalent to a general negation of all excellence. Rosamond and he were I great allies, chiefly by virtue of the former's love and admiration for her aunt ; and (Enone won a stronger hold on the Major's sympathy and attention than she had ever before possessed by saying one day in his I presence that Miss Lowry's thoughts shone in her face like sunlight through alabaster. j Maude had always felt a compassionate interest in CEnone ever since he first made her acquaintance, s She was then with the Czernovics in an English pro vincial town, where Maude was in garrison. The Czemovics were in severe straits, out of which Major Maude good-naturedly helped them. He paid their rent, and also the bill of a very surly printer, who, ! thinking concerts wicked, had charged a price in pro portion to his virtuous abhorrence of the amusing arts for printing the Czernovics' programmes. Maude had been struck with the appearance and manner of the elf-like child, so different in all respects from the family with whom she lived. And Papa Czernovic had willingly related to him, all that he knew of her history, which was little more than that which ths reader knows al ready. (Enone on her side conceived a romantic idolatry for this great, strong, gentle, handsome Englishman, who appeared in her life from time to time like a prince in a fairy story, cutting Gordian knots of embarrassment, in which the Czernovics had a peculiar gift of entangling themselves— a sort of magnificent sun-god, or at least demi-god, in whose beneficent presence debt and duns were dissipated as the mists of the morning, and sheriffs' officers fled abashed like night-birdB overtaken by the dawn ! Then, later, during one of the long intervals which occurred between Signor Balassopoulo's communica tions, Maude had told Miss Cribb, OEnones school mistress, that he would be responsible for the pay ment due for the girl's board and education. The next remittance which arrived after that from her father was more welcome to (Enone than any former one had ever been. Hitherto she had had no sense of humiliation in accepting whatever help was given her by the Czernovics. It seemed natural. She had been accustomed to it for several years ; and she believed that her father had reimbursed them, although in an irregular fash/on. It never occurred to her to feel herself under any special weight of obligation to them. But when Major Maude undertook to be pay master, CEnone suddenly became conscious that her position was a painful one. She scarcely understood ( why it hurt her so much. Cer'ainly she had no doubt ot Major Maude's perfect generosity of feeling. To her thinking no- one had ever conferred favours with such simplicity and delicacy. And yet she thought that she would rather have been beholden t« any one in the world than to him. When some money did come from her father, ehe went at once to the schoolmistress, and told her that the payment then made would be the last she could afford, but that she was willing to remain in the school if her services in teaching music and languages could be accepted in exchange for her board and in struction in certain other things. Miss Cribb was willing enough to strike the bargain. Miss Balasso's ' musical abilities were beginning tj be recognized as remarkable by the virtuosi; and, although neither popular nor pliable, she was able to make herself ex tremely useful. Then, having settled this matter without consulting any one, she told Major Maude ?what she had done. He could not help feeling some surprise at the swiftness and secrecy of the girl's course -f action. It was striking to see such a young and inexperienced creature so self-reliant and resolute. But he filly recognised the value of those qualities to a girl in CEnone' s position. ' I think you have acted rightly, Nona,' he said. ' It is fair and right that, since you have the power to do bo, you should relieve the Czernovics of some of their responsibility on your behalf. And,' he added, ' I am sure you thought of them in making this arrangement.' ' No,' returned CEnone, knitting her brows a little, ' I did not think of them. I did not do it for their sake. As to responsibility, they have none. They have none. They are just waifs and strays like myself, floating whither Fate wills. But you— you are different. I would not that you should be bound to pay money for me.' Maude had often thought that the only dark spot on (Enone's moral nature was the indifference — almost insensi bility — which she manifested about her obligations to the Czernovics. ' It is strange,' said Major Maude to himself, ' f r she is not ungrateful at heart. She is grateful enough — too grateful— to me, who hare done so little for her. And yet she accepts all these poor people's services as a mat ter of course!' However, the peculiarities of poor (Enone's character did hot occupy his thoughts very long. He' regarded her wi h the softness which he felt for all who were weak and help less ; and perhaps with some special tenderness of compas sion which resulted from the benefits he had conferred on her. B ut her figure was a Very subordinate one in his daily life, and stood in the back ground with a crowd of others with whom it would have been gall and wormwood to the Greek girl to know herself associated in his mind. But since her stay in Green street, Maude's opinion of (Enone's judgment and heart had been considerably raised. She praised MaTy Lowry ! There was growing up in her Becret soul a passionate, burn ing jealousy of Mary Lowry — for to her, Vincent Maude's secret was no secret — and yet she praised her — praised her to him, warmly, fully, and ungrudgingly. The exagge rated notions of her superionty in right of her Greak descent, which the forlorn child had fstered in the lonely, ei'ent dreaming of her commnionlcss life, had not been all evil in their effect on her character. Naturally jealouj and lofty minded, her faults were chieny those of ignorance and narrow circumstances. She did not claim her birthright of Gre^k supremacy without accepting the duties it entailed, as a baser nature might have done. Meanness, falsehood, cowardice, were not for her. She came of the race of the gods ! Nay, she might be called upon to suffer more than mortals made nf coarser clay. Well, if so. she would suffer bravely. Hitherto no strain had been put on her powers of endurance. The strain was coming, though. And she thought, in her young inexperience and her fan ta- tic pride, that she should be able to overcome temptation with superb heroism. Her Beven teen-year-old imagination concerned itself mainly with, the blow of combat and vic tory. It had not reckoned with the pain of slowlystiflen iug wounds, the humiliation of failure, the instinctive shrink ing from repeated blows, which belong to all human struggle, even the bravest. When she made that speech about Mary Lowry's thoughts shining in her face like sun light through alabaster, Major Maude answered warmly, '- Yes ; that is just the idea she gives one. I have often felt it. But I could never have expressed it so poetically.' My lady, who was present, observed! in a tone of majestic reproof, 'Well, the truth is that Miss Balasso does express herself poetically ; it can't be denied. Sir Cosme told her the other day that her talk was too high-flown to suit English people. She was a little angry wi h him at the time, but it is true, you know. Postxy, except in a book, sounds so siJly ! And I often eay eo to her ; don't I, Miss Balasso :' ' Yes,' replied CEnone, gravely, ' you often Bay 60,' ' Well, then, my dear, why don't you try to corre-t ? ?- - it? llsjor-lCmde will think you don't improve by being amongst us at all. And I wish, you to improve. I know you have Seen quite a benefactor to Miss Balasso, Major Maude. And, of course, you would like her to profit by the advantage of mixing with the society she sees at my house.' ' You cannot' mix antagonistic substances,' ob served (Enone, quietly. 'You may drag them together, but they will never combine.' My lady stand and shook her head. ' There ! ' ' she exclaimed, turning to Maude, ' that's just what Sir Cosmo objects to so much— that funny kind of tilk, not a bit like a youn; ladv. She is such a queer girl!' But Sarah had certain strjng motives for wishing t- keep (Enone Balasso in good humour, and she did not press her reproof any further. Two or three sittings had taken place since the occa sion when CEnpne was first mesmerised ; and at these latter sittings no one hadPbeeh present except Lady Lowry, QSnone, and Dr. Flagge Q-Inone proved to be a wonderfully good subject, and made m iny statement* . during her mesmeric e'eep which Sarah deemed highly .impo tant. These statements neuly all had- reference ' to Sir Kupert Lowry, and encouraged the notions which Sarah had formed on the subject of his will. In Jeed it was observable that no sooner did Sarah, in her growing intimacy and con fidence with Flagge, hint a suspicion, than that sus picion was sure to be confirmed by the spirits at the next sitting. Still it was an undoubted fact that many minute details of Sir Rupert Lowry's character ana habite -were accurately described by Oinone during the magnetic sleep. Sarah tested their truth by questioning her husband, and frequently had the satisfaction of seeing that Cosmo was surprised and puzzled by her questions. He would fain hare dismissed the whole matUr with the convenient formula, 'Ah! more of that fellow Flagge's hum bug !' But the correctness of the circumstances narrated was frequently so startling that he was un able to treat the subject with indifference, or sneering incredulity. He did sneer, indeed, but he was ncith r indifferent nor wholly incredulous. 'Well,'!, said he once to his wife, ' granting, for the sake of argument, that all this is true, supposing that the spirits, black, red, white, or gray, do tell this little Balasso, or Fligge, or both, a nu i.ber of facts about my father — what then ? What is to come of it ? What do you expect to get by it ?' ' I expect,' replied Sarah, with steady deliber ition, ' to find Sir Rupert Lowry's last will and testament ; for the wilj tl}at was read out by Mr. Flint after your father's funeral is not the last, and no power shall make me Relieve it is. That's what I expect to do ; and I shan't .flinch from toy duty as a wife towards you— not to speak of another whose claims may have to be considere 1 some day. How could I look my child in the face, Cosmo, if I allowed him to be robbed of bis birthright?' In reply. to which Sir Cosmo recommended her to keep her expectiti ns to herself unless she wanted to be taken for a mad woman. Nevertheless, her un wearing persistence and obstinate faith in her own opinion influenced his mind more strongly than he himself was aware of. He began to speculate on the possible contents of a new will to be disco\eredby Dr. Jlagge'e agency. And he grew more and more discontented with the conditions of the existing one Then there arose another feeling 1 1 be added to the secret hopes, fears, jealousies, and unavowed motives of all sorts which estranged Cosmo and his wife more and more from Mary Lowry, and made then look upon her as one whose interests were opposed to their own. And it originated in a conversation which took place between Sir Cosmo and LBdy Lowry one even ing, when they were alone in the library, where the former was smoking an after-dinner cigar. All at once he said to his wife, with more than usual petu lance, ''Why 'the deuce is Maude always hanging about the house now? I have found him in the drawing-room three times this week. There's a little too much of this.' 'Well, I'm sure, Cosmo, I don't know why you should dislike Major Maude being here. He's very agreeable in his manners. And 1 suppose he finds eo-ne attraction tint makes him come. I won't deny that he admires me a good deal ; of course in the most respectful way— highly so! But you needn't be jealous. Cosmo.' ' Jealous ! Don't talk ? nonsense.' ' Cosmo, I declare I shall believe you to be jealous if you use such violent language. However, there is no need for you to be, I assure you. Major Maude likes ladies' 6O2iety. He says 6o, and I dare Bay he doesn't like it less when the ladies don't happen to be frights or monsters. That's natural enough, and there's no harm in it. Hut I am not the woman to encourage the least approach to flirtation, Cosmo. Ian aware that it is done in the higher circles. Mrs. Wigmore tells me they think nothing of it. Hut I do not approve of it imself. At the tame time I'm sure Major Ma ide is so extremely respectful and polite in his behaviour that ? ' My lady stopped short in her flowing harangue. She hid been talking in her own -=low, steady, un tiring way, like the current of a full, but sluggish, stream, whea the ti le was arrested by the expression' of Sir Cosmo's face as he lo ked at her. ' Well r' said my lady indignantly, ??what are you lopking Uk« that for? 1 haven't said anything ridi culous, have I :-' 'Since you do me the honour to ask me I am bound to tell you that you have said Eomething supremely lidiculous,*' rep'ied Sir Cosino, smiling sarcastica'ly, and bending his black brows together at the same time. ' Well, I m sure, Cosmo ! You're very polite !' *? I'm very right ; and I'm aware that that is some times far froai p lite. Why, Sally— where are youT eyes ? I thought women really were quick at that sort of obseivation. Rut I suppose that notion is merely conventional humbug, like so much else. Don t you know that Maude comes here for my sister Mary i He's been over head and ears in love with her for years.' My lady's face expressed incredulity and amaze ment. Major Maude in love with Mary ! The idea had never entered into Sarahs head. She could scarcely believe it. Cosmo must be mistaken. 'Major Maude in love with your sister for years past ? Why, Mary never breathe! a hint about it !' 'All the Itowi}rs are not so communicative as Sir Rupert's ghost, Sallv.' *' Cosmo, you ought not to talk like that. But how did you know ? When, was it r' 'Oh, Maude went down to Lowry as a— a sort of ambassador to my father when our little boy was born. It was Isabel's doing chiefly. And then he saw Mary, bne was eighteen or nineteen, and wonderfully beauti ful, and — --' ' Well, I can't see that Marv is so beautiful. I never could.. Her eyebrows being so much darker than her hair give her such a funny look.' ' Hm ! You know nothing at all about it. Mary Jjownr was, and is, as handsome a woman as any in the three kingdoms. All the women of our family i»ave been handsome. Maude was desperate about *er. Butdirectly my father found out what was going on, he sent him packing' «'?««» *TttTiyr' ? ° ' Why ? Do you suppoEe that Sir Rupert would hgn dreamt for an instant of allowing Miss Lowry of Lowry to marry a fellow /whose father kept a shop r' ' Did Major 'Maude's father keep a shop r' ' Something of the tort. A shop, or a warehouse, or something. Anyway he wasn't quite a match for Miss Lowry of Lowry, and I wonder he hadn't the sense to see'it himself. I told him plainly it wouldn't do, when he said a word to me on the subject in Malta. He dropped it with me at once. But I be lieve that Isabel and her tister foolishly encouraged him, as women will do.' ' Oh, that Mrs. PepDiat encouraged it, did she? It shows what dangerous people those Peppiats are to know. And did Mary like him ?' ' Can't say, I'm sure. I know that she sent back a letter he wrote to her after he left Lowry Place, because he brought it to me to ask if that were really my sister's writing on the cover.' ' And was iti' ~ ' Yes, it was. Mary writes a peculiar hand, not easily mistaken.' ' Well, that ought to have been enough for him, if he had any proper spirit.' ..'-.. ' It don't seem to have been enough for him, judging by the way he hangs about the house now.' . ' Do ybu feel quite, quite sure that he comes for Mary-' ' Who else can he come for ? As to his coming for you — it's absurd.' There was so long a pause that Sir Cosmo had got through a leading article in the newspaper before Sarah said, ' Should you like Mary to marry Major Maude }' 'Like it? Not exactly. I'm not ambitious of con necting myself with the noble race of Maudes. It's really uncommon presumption on Vincent Maude's part to think of Buch a thing. Miss Lowry of Lowry ! H*m ! There's nothing like flying high when you are about it.' ' /,' said Sarah, with a stolid plainness which was the quality by which she most powerfully influenced her husband,' '? / don't want Mary to marry at all ! She's lived single so long that she has come to be con sidered quite an old maid, and she ought to feel bound not to carry all that money out of the family. It's a religious duty ; she ought to leave it to your children.' ' Il'm ! If I had a dozen children — which heaven forbid ! — Mary wouldn't be likely to do anything for any 'f them, unless, perhaps, Rosamond. ' 'More shame for her then! But even if she left her money to Rosamond, it would save your having to provide for her, and would be something gained. I. say that Mary Lowry ought to consider it a religious duty to keep that money in the family. It's bad enough— a great deal too bad — that she 6houl-J deprive us of it during her life. And then there's Lowry Place ;— how should you like to see a stranger set up to be master in LowTy Place? And that's what would happen if Mary was to marry.' Sir Cosmo turned round and snapped at her most fiercely. ' What the devil is the use of worrying yourself about it?' he said. 'At all events I beg you won t worry me. Mary must do as she likes. There's no good in talking, if you talk for a twelve month ; and, for my part, I don't intend to trouble my head on the subject any more.' Nevertheless, Sir Cosmo did trouble his head on the subject from that time forward. Chapter XXIII. If Lady Lowry had not so completely turned the cold shoulder to 'those Peppiats,'* as she called them, she might have had some chance of being en lightened as to the real source of much, of the in formation which was furnished to her by Dr. Flagge's spirits. The Captain — to whom it was absolutely impossible to be reticent or prudent— talked about ' that queer fish, Quickit,' over his supper-table, and repeated QuicMt's stories of the niggardly old baronet, and of Sir Rupe t's connection with* the Loan Society, to iny one who would listen. ' ; ; But of all that not a word reached my lady's ears. Ever since she had been enlightened by her Husband as to Maude's old love story, she Aad displayed an increasing dislike to the very 'name of Peppiat; and she dreaded lest Mary and Major Maude should find opportunities of meeting in Nelson Place out of her ken. It was impossible for her to shut up Miss Lowry, or openly to control her actions. She might forbid Rosamond to visit her aunt and uncle, but Mary was free^o see them -whenever she pleased. Having once got the chie, Sarah, had become convinced that the attraction 'which drew Major Maude to her house was, in truth, Mary Lo wry. Not that my lady gave Maude credit for disinterested affection. She had a grudging jealousy of Mary, which made it very disagreeable to her to accept the conviction that the former was the object of a romantic passion, so she simply refused to accept it-r-a convenient method ef bringing factsint£,harmoriy.jrith one's prejudices, but notaftainab!eby.«llmindsVy .-.- .;j . r My lady set up the t^j^.that ifaj r .Maude, having .neither ancient li&eii;^^jrjor^^aca'V'iwncy, desired to ally -himself wilh V vjomen. who possessed both. Opportunity caused him to Beiect Miss towrv of Lowry, ajidhU*hanceva%a4l^he|-Bitter yyiih her because' there had formerly .fctensoine.ybutiiiul l«ve passages between them ; that was all. fiarah admitted it was not wondeful that Major Maude should iryfp? 3 such a prize. Shj feltlittle or no angeragainst Major Maude: ; Having once established th« assumption that Major Maude was not hearjftjr jini love 'with. Mary, iny lady found it easier to forgive Jiiin for seeking to marry her. Nevertheless ihe re gretted that chance, or Mrs. Wigmore, or the spirits— or, perhaps, all three— had brought yjhiin ^ to --, her house whilst Mary was in it ; and yet, she reflected, it might have been worse, for they might have met else- ' where, out of her reach. As it was, sh? could exer cise some supervision over them. She could at least, watch them, and know what was going on. »?Accordki ingly she did watch them, -and, let Maude come when he would, he never found Miss iowry unaccompanied by her Bister in-law. formerly he -and Rosamond and Mary had been permitted to .enjoy many a half hour without the honour of -her ladyship's company; but now Lady Lowry suddenly showed a strong sense of her hospitable duties towards the Major, and never quitted the room for an instant so long as he remained in it. Sarah Avas greatly puzzled by the simplicity of Mary's demeanour in Maude's presence. She found herself completely baffled in her efforts to discover what Mary's real feelings were towaids him, and at length she resolved to try the effect of awakening a little jealousy. In pursuance of this idea she took an early opportunity, when she and Mary were alone together, of saying she could not help noticing Major Maude's growing attentions to Miss Balasso ; she hoped he was in ear nest, and did not mean to trifle -with the poor girL but his manner to her was very particular. Didn't Mary think so r Bud had she remarked that iSie Majrr had positively haunted the house ever since Miss Balasso had been an inmate of it ? _. Mary's head had been bent over abook.bntshe raised it at once, and looked full at her sister-in-law as she answered, «? I hope, Sarah, that you have not hinted anything of this sort to (Enone? It would be cruel. I am com inced that Major Maude has no such feelings about her as you seem to think.' ? 11 Are you really ? But I am not at all convinced of iti I hare.eyes, and I watch them. How do you ac count for his manner r' ' '?His manner seems to me to be that of a kind, gentle,' generous man towards a young girl whom he looks upon as little more tjhan a child, and in wham he feels a compassionate interest.' ' Ah ! well, compassionate interest is all very well, no doubt, butl don't believe in its making a man look and speak as the Major does, and hang round a girl day after day. As to considering her a child — she isn't a child, you know; and youth is a great attrac tion to most men. Seventeen has a better chance than seveu-and- twenty, any day.' . Mary grew a little pale, but her eyes looked clear and unfaltering'-into.my lady '-6. Sarah went on : ' I'm sure if he doesn't jhink of her in that way he ought not to behave as he does; and why shouldn't he think of her ? She has no money, but I suppose he has enough to keep a wife well enough for his station. He's a man of no family whatever, so it would be no come down for him as far as that goes. His father kept a shop.' 'I think you are mistaken there,' replied Mary. 'Not that it matters.' ' Oh, of course it doesn't matter to us, but it may matter to Miss Balasso. If he belonged to a high family it might be different ; but, seeing what his origin was, I do not consider it presumption on her part to try to catch him.' '?' Sarah, how can you use such an odious word?'' cried Mary ; and now the blood flushed up hotly into her cheeks. ' I am convinced that (Enone has no such idea in her head. She is too pure-minded and too proud.' ' Too proud ! La, Mary, what will you say next ? A little twopenny teacher in a boarding-school, and a foreigner, too — a girl that comes from nobody knows where, and belongs to nobody knows who — proud ! Well, you may say what you please, but just watch her the next time the Major is here, and see if she don't sit and stare at him with those great saucer eyes of hers, all the time he is here.' Mary was more disturbed by this Conversation than she liked to acknowledge to herself. She told herself at first that Sarah's suspicion was the common suspi cion of a vulpar mind, and that it was entirely erroneous ; and yet, by and by, many little circum stances began to haunt her memory, and to make her uneasy. -(Enone made no secret of her gratitude to Maude. If she showed less sensibility than was be coming to the good offices of the Czernovics, she certainly acknowledged Major Maude's benefits with the deepest feeling. Mary fully acquitted her of the coarse design which Lady Lowry had coarsely expressed, but she recognized the passionate tempera - tnent lying hid beneath (Enone's silent reserve. The girl was young, inexperienced, romantic. Might it not be that she was cherishing a day-dream about Vincent Maude, and laying up to herself stores of sorrow and mortification ? But then, later, arose another thought. Was it so certain that (Enone's day-dream was destined to dis appointment ? Might it not be that Maude was attracted by the girl in the way that Sarah fancied ? Although her whole heart cried out '?No,' yet she found herself continually pondering this question. It presented itself to her mind with distressing impor tunity again and again. But whatever conclusion she reached in these mental debatings, that conclusion was almost certain to be shaken the next time she saw Vincent and (Enone together. This unshared anxiety, this harassing fluctuation between hopes and fears, grew almost ?& torment. She was ashamed of herself, and that, was a new and very intolerable feeling for Mary Lowry. She was conscious that the words dropped from, my lady's heedless tongue —she believed it to have been heedless— had changed her manner towards Maude, and that, struggle as she would, she could not regain her old sweet serenity in his presence. She had believed that he came to her brother's house, to seek her ; she had believed that the romance of her youth might have a second spring time, and blossom anew.. ?he had never wavered in her faith to him, and although there had been a time when she thought she had buried hope, yet at the first glance of Vincent Maude's eyes, as they rested on her, she had felt that hope had not been dead, but only chillel into stillness like a frost-bound flower, and that it stirred and woke at the fight of her old love; now there was a bitter flavour' /which spoiled the sweetness of his presence; the sensitive chord of womanly dignity had been roughly jarred, and it would not cease from quivering. Had vanity blinded her to the truth? Had she too readily as sumed that Maude's heart had been as her own during all the years of separation, and was she with foolish self-complacency accepting for herself the 4evoiion meant fo r another ? She resolved that she would not be guilty of the weakness of giving more weight to Sarah's judgment in ibis matter than «he would have attributed to it had the case concerned any other per son than herself. She made, this resolution, and honestly tried ipjkjeep it; but the bitter flavour was there, the insidioiis word had been ipoken, and the aspect of inafty things was changed and darkened for Mary Bo^ray.;-,^-^.^.;.! jAz- :' , . /- :?[?'?-'. -:*'? ? - - .-, NevertheieEB,:my lady was by no means aware of the amount of her own success: To her mind the re sult of Mary's believingtliathef former suitor was how inclined to re the suitor of CEnone Balasso should iaturally have been to m*ke ^Marjr dislike the latter ; but, so far as my ia$ys obBeryMbn went, Mary ap peared ^ treat the girl -Hitri|nbre tenderness ^and con sideration than beitore. True, Mary might be acting ; but, yet, what; need ^ '^msttiiere of acting before Miss Balasso? Miss Balassb'ha^ neither money, station, nor friends.. 1$ .would i&v6; lieen mly natural, Sarah thought,' tipi)e quite unconstrained in the expression pif any.^a£sagjr4^teiS&ifimente; tpwards ?? JmrJ :? But then presently Sarah found herself in the position of seeing that which she had uttered as a fiction for pur boBes'^v^V'^wn begin to take shape is la Ifact. Saving giyenjup the fancy that Major Maude's etten iOT, ;ani -jadibaiiition were entirely concentrated joel her^tf. (reserving, however, the soothing 'conviction that raiey WAuld be so concentra ed,uS^plyhis'in tereste idid -iibt interfere with his inclinations), my lady's eyes inrere opened to observe fouch which had before escap&d; her, and, to her surprise and not un mingled_ satisfaction, ^ne §»ej£ri fi perceive that (Enone Balasso did Bit and gaze at Maude whenever he was present, like a spellbound creature. She was never forward or demonstrative ; but it was certain that from some modest corner apart she would watch him, and treasure every word he ' spoke, and could remember to a syllable what he had said on such and such a subject, and knew his likings and dislikings, and consciously or unconsciously adopted his opinions. Now one of Major Maude's opinions was that Dr. Flagge was wholly untrustworthy, and a man -with whom any t ling like intimacy ought to be discouraged; This opinion had never, perhaps, been distinctly stated by Maude in Lady Lowry's house, but it had made itself felt ; and when the circumstance of (Enone's laving been mesmerized by Flagge was mentioned to him, Major Maude at once made a strong remonstrance against any repetition of that proceeding. 'Dear me,' said my lady, 'I can't think why you should object ! It does Miss Balasso no harm.' ' I don't think it good that a man like Flagge should obtain influence over Nona.' ' Nor do I,' said Miss Lowry. ' Oh, as to you, Mary, we know that ™», v Flagge! But h n^ull hn^^Vg.}*-* Dr. would be more liberal, because SiaKS**1^ deal of mediums and spirits. And I arn^ eood least in my house-Dr. Flag?e's spmtsTeveTm,* any but the most proper sentiments.1' utter My lady was very angry. She resented M«, a . interference, even although the intSaS de B amounted t? an expression ef opinion WlTjf v .y ness was it of his - The worst was that (Ennno J'18,1' infallibly be influenced by Maude's objSon ff being mesmerized, if she were made aware of T Perhaps she would decline to be present at M sittings altogether, which would be highly bconX. ? .ent; for, as my lady said to hereelf, the 6S !^' knew all about Sir Rupert seemed to utter their p munications by means of Miss Balasso better than ? * any other way. n m She hinted her anxieties to Dr. FWe thP „«, t time he came to Green-street. 6 aext 'Mias Nony can't refuse to be mesmeiized,' *»\a Flagge, with a smile, which was not a pleasant 0116* 'Oh, you dont know the influence Major Maude has over her, and Miss Lowry too. And they've boi£ set themselves against it quite strongly; and Mu Balasso can be very stiff and self-willed, though shl does look such a poor creature that you might bin* her away, almost.' ' I didn't say Mies Nony won't refuse ; I said she can't refuse,' returned Flagge, still with the eame smile. ' How do you mean ?' ' I mean that if I choose to put her into the mag netic sleep she can't resist me ; I have acquired con siderable of a power over her.' 'What, against her will?' stammered Saiah looking rather frightened. ' ' She hasn't got to have any will when she's in my presence, not without I choose to let her.' 'Oh, la! but that sounds almost awful Dr Flagge.' ?? Well, a good many natural facts are rather awful Lady Lowry. Anyway, I'm not responsible for 'em ?' I'm but an instrument for carrying of 'em out.' ' There was a pause. Then Sarah said, ' If we could persuade MiBS Balasso, I should prefer it. I— L- don't think I should like to have her mesmerized against her will. I'm afraid it would be wicked.' ' That depends on what you -want to mesmerize her for. I reckon your motives are pure, high-minded, and lofty ?' ' Oh, yes,' answered Sarah, naively. ' Of course ! But — if anything should happen to ' her — if she was to get ill, or anything— or to tell people— it wouldn't look -well, you know.' There was always a .latent assumption in Sarah's mind that not to ' look well,' and to be wicked, were nearly equivalent to each other. 'It might be possible to do without her altDgether,' said Flagge. 'I can't say. But if it isn't possible to do without her, I expect you'll have to decide about taking the responsibility of what's to be done. I believe I'm on the track of a very important dis covery.' 'Oh! What?' ' Well, I don't know as I'm justified in stating it just yet — not without Sir Kupert Lowry's leave, anyway. He was with me last night at a late hour, and we had a very interesting fine.'' 'Do you know,' Baid Sarah, after a short silence, during which she had been staring at the medium with flushed cheeks and a general air of ponderous ex citement—if the phrase may be permitted — ' Do you know it comes over me as if it couldn't be all true about the spirits. Things do fall out so astonishing ! ' ' Here she clasped her hands tightly together. 'It's almost like you feel in a dream sometimes— real and not real. To think of the spirits going on as they do, and saying what they say — it is so wonderful that I sometimes can hardly believe in it— there ! ' 'The feeling you describe is very usual, lovely lady,' answered Flagge. quietly, 'especially in the early stages of experience. The human mind in its carnal development revolts against transcendental phenomena. It is a phase which most embodied in tellects have got to pass through. But you' ie con tinually liable to fall back into it. ItF6 one of the con .ditionsof our imperfect terrestrial existence. And the fact is that the manifestations are, as you say, so wonderful that I sometimes can hardly believe in 'em myself.' CiiAriEE XXIV. It was more than two months since Mary Lowry had arrived in her brother's house. She had reached London on the 17th of September, and it was now close upon the end of November She had been for some time past considering what arrangement it would be possible for her to maVeas to her fu ure life, and which of all the possible arrangements would be the best It became more and more clear to her that her brother's h use could be in no sense a home for her. She had looked forward to the happi nes's of companionship, to the secure sense of love and trust, needing no expression in words to make ltselt felt, to the sweet familiar intercourse which made the atmosphere of a happy lwme more genial than that of any other place on earth. But in Cosmos house she'had found none of these things. And sne had/now assured herself that they would never oe found there. Life was s'ipping away— swiftly, swiftly. It seemed to her that trie six months which had elapsed since her father's death had made a longer stage in tne march of time than the six years which had preceded it. The feeling came upon her, which comes to most of us sooner or later, that she must seize on some of the golden grains of life which were running away like the sand in an hour-glass, and feel them in her grasp, not idly watch them fall and dwindle tm the last fragment should be irrevocably lost, n * ' not selfish enjoyment that she craved for. on« wduld give those golden grains of time to mi™ .others at their need ; but she desired that at least the gift should be given consciously, and of her oj'*'^ will. As it was, the hours of her life seemed Uto foU dully, drop by drop, like water on a barren w*''1 she saw neither use nor pleasure spring from ^a Of course this feeling was ^^^^.Ht^nie not sit and brood over it day after day. But'd ,£r frequently enough to depress her spinte. -^ tf wish to make some change in the tenor ot ner grew very strong. . . t. ejj She had said a word to Cosmo and .Sarah ^oultta . going down to Lowry Place for the Christmas ta». but thev had both declared it to be out of toe q« tion. .Mary would fein hare passed Chmtn«J m^ old home, even although she had to - pass » There would be the familiar scenes which baa ^ o themselves into her life. There would be^5^choly van's andthe old dog. She might fcJ.fJSfle there; but it would be a melancholy JuU «£ 6he thoughts and tender sorrow. In Cosmos* o rf notonly suffered from that worst loneliness, ^ ^ sympathy, but she was tormented by teeips ^ constant antagonism to the characters «^°rmain in her. She would, however, force hewelfto re^ ^ her brother's house until after Christinas , f(ff a she was resolved she would leave it— at «*» time, ?**'*. last -teys of November she got a letter frbm ^rSffi Bhe answered as follows :— ' ' tfr. ^-^ « Green-street, T*ofember, 30th, 187- - »rT Flint .—The sight of your handwriting '^welcome to me as the lace of an old friend. 1 irU t duty before pleasure, and answer the ©art pui , ?£ it fa^ j±B regards the proposition business p» for ^j^g Lowry Place on lease, I have J?1* ^flrf it as carefully as I could, and have decided tBougM « ^ father bequeathed the old house to to decline i j might have a home among the peo T who know me, and whom I know. I appreciate ft. 21 than I did his motives for doing eo. I cer bfitT we ample nuans without that to provide m V witfc a suitable dwelling elsewhere, if that were mf ndif the shelter of one roof were as good as ®\\\Zr But it is not so— at least, not for me. I 8n. u inn that I might be more useful to others at ?*& than any where llse. And I wish to be useful ?ft mi attain to so much happiness before it is too i » I beein to feel quite an old woman ! No, dear lr ' Vttnt I do not like the thought of strangers in ^Mrinff 'the old house. If my brother would 5* there? it would be different. Perhaps « arrangement may be come to between nmmo and me which wUl result in his taking Ws abode at Lowry for at least a portion of the up I will abide by the terms which you have Swelled me to propose, knowing, as I do, that y.u nrferstand the poFition of affairs, and understand us. ?VWnk that is all that need be said on business at «ent I am delighted at tne noPe y°u ho^ out to p of seeing Mrs. Flint in London before long. Pray w her to let me know her addreBs in town, and the time of her arrival; I hope you will be able to ac oHnpanv her, if but for a few days. My present plan is to remain here up to the end of December, and then I think I shall come home for a while. I long for home. I shall ask Cosmo to let Rosamond accom oanv me- She is a sweet-natured, honest- hearted eirl and I have come to love her veiy dearly. She reminds me often, in certain turps of expression and tricks of face— and especially in her thorough sim nlicity and candour-of my dear mother, whom you Ini Mrs. Flint remember well. Rosamond has not ouite my mother's soft gentleness, but she is very affectioaate. I am well ; but I fear I have become too completely a country mouse to be quite at my ease in town. I long for Cleveiial Woods, bare and leafless though they muBt be now; and for a wide stretch of sky, even though it be cloudy, and for the cawing of the rooks, and all the country sounds that seem as sweec and wholesome to my ears as count y air does to my lungs. A thousand thanks for the details you give me about Lowry Place. I am glad that all is going well there. Will you kindly let the servants know that I asked for them ? And pray pat poor old Con for me, and tell him he will soon see his mistress again. I know he will understand quite 'well. I should have asked leave to bring him here with me, but Lady Lowry dislikes dogs. Give my love to Mrs. Flint, and believe me, « Dear Mr. Flint, , ' Yours, always, with sincere regard, « Mahy H. Lowby.' 'Miss Lowry is not happy in London,' said Mr. Flint to his wife, when he had read this letter. ' Of course not ! How should ehe be happy with such a person as the present Lady Lowry ? ' returned Mrs. Flint. ?« I'm not sure that Lady Lowry is chiefly respon eible for her not being happy. That brother of here has turned out a complete disappointment. Hollow as a drum. Not a particle of heart or feeling about him.' ' She seems to be fond of Rosamond.' ' Yes ; that's some comfort. Oh, yes ; when Mary Lowry says the girl reminds her of her mother, we may be sure that she has taken her into her heart.' 'What do you think of her refusal to let Lowry ni rt ? i m t nace, oamuei r ' I think— I think she's right/on the whole. And I am glad to find she is willing to abide by my advice as to the bargain to be made with her brother. If she let him and his family into Lowry Place without a distinct contract being made, it would end in her being shouldered out of her own house. Sir* -Cosmo Lowry can't be treated with generous confidence. His mental constitution requires much harder diet.' ' Well, Samuel, but he comes of the old stock, after all. For my part I should cay that the person moBt to blame is that lowborn woman he has married.' ' I wish Miss Lowry would .get married herself ! That would be the best thing that could happen.' ' Ah, Samuel, that would be a good thing ; and why ehe deesnt I can't imagine. So handsome as she is, so well born, such an amiable character, and, now, such a go. d dower— I can't think what the men are about!' ' ' I wonder if there is any one she cares for.' ' I should think she might pick and choose the county through.' 'Do you remember, Bertha, long ago— ten o* twelve years ego — a man coming down to Lowry, a handsome fellow, who was in the army ?' ' Y— yes ; I dp remember. I only saw him once, though. What of him?' ' 1 fancy— I can scarcely tell how I first took up the idea— but I fancy that he fell in love with Miss I-Dwry?' ? ' Not a very strange fancy, either !' lf No. But I fancy, moreover, that she was at least very well inclined to fall in love with him.' ' La, Samuel !' ' Of course, it is merely a conjecture. One evening Boon after Sir Rupert's death, when I was talking . with Miss Lowry, Borne word she Baid gave me a sort of glimpse of it all. I began to recall half-forgotten Circumstances, and I gradually recollected how it was that he came to Lowry. He brought letters of intro duction from some officer of high rank whom Sir ftuperthad known in his youth. And he was well *eceivedat first. But then it presently turned out that he was a friend of Cosmo's, and had come to negotiate a reconciliation between father and son. He woughtthenewsof the birth of Mrs. Cosmo's first «?y. I suppose she had fancied, poor thing, that the bi th of an heir would soften the old man. But it all Came to nothing. The man — I cannot think of his aame ; I should know it if I heard it— went away after a week or two, and Sir. Rupert spoke angrily about «un. I thought at the time that that was merely be cause he had c me as a friend of Cosmo's. But I am inclined to think now that Sir Rupert had other Jettons for taking such a dislike to the young man.' Mrs. PUnt was greatly interested in all this ; but, M Bhe said, even supposing there had been some youthful love-making long ago between Mary Lowry *&d; this stranger, that need not prevent her marrying \- ' She ought to make a great match,' Mrs. 'She writes hereabout feeling herself to be old,' '™«. Flint, balancing Mary's letter in Mb hand. ? Jt*arcel of stuff and nonsense 1 *I hate to hear euch f™; That has been put into her head by that horrid r**y Lowry, I'll -warrant. Oh, yes, it would suit her ery well to -keep Marv Lowry an old maid, no doubt. * always told you from the first, Samuel, that that J-^% woman would be a thorn in 'Miss Lowry's h,?1' ?'* V^nnA aad shrugged, and bade his wife jMK .nuke giants in order to kill them ; but, neverthe **'» « aid seem to him not unlikely that eome' ouch scheme as Mrs. Flint hinted at might be floating in my lady's brain.' '' ' * ' ? « ? ? : He wrote back at once tO'Miss Lowry, warmly approving her plan of returning home for a time, and ?promising her a hearty welcome from all Clevenal folks high and low, not forgetting her friends a-. Elcaster. ?? 1 really believe Con did understand your message,' he wrote. 'His spirits have decidedly improved since I gave it him.' Excited by the prospect of Miss Lowry's return home, Mrs. Flint lost no time in calling* a mental muster-roll of all the men in the neighbourhood who could be considered eligible matches for Mary. And after a careful balancing of advantages and disad vantages, she selected two possible candidates to whom she was willing t - give her vote and interest. One was a neighbouring landowner of fine property, unim peachable pedigree, and unblemished character. The other was the Earl of Elcaster. ' The Elcasters can't boast of very old blood,' said Mrs. Flint to herself, ' but— an earl is an earl. And he is so enormously rich that he will be sure to care more for pedigree than cash — not to mention that Miss Lowry is the handsomest woman in the county.' But when she hinted these schemes to her husband, Mr. Flint answered her almost crossly. ' Lord Eleas ter? You're crazy, Bertha! He's a fool — or, at least, an ignoramus. He knows nothing except horses, and not enough of them to help losing his money by them.' 'He can afford to lose his money. The Elcasters are rich enough to buy all the racehorses in England if they liked.' ' My dear Bertha, you had better put that non sense out of tout head. Lord Elcaster is spending — well, never mind.' ' I should like to see Miss Lowry a countess !' said Mrs. Flint with a little sigh. ' Wouldn't you like better io see her happy with a man she could really love r' ' Of course, Samuel, I should wish her to love her husband. But why shouldn't she love an earl ?' Mr. Flint withdrew t© his office without proffering any reply to that query. To be sure, there did not seem to be any reason why, other things being equal, Miss Lowry should not love an earl. But, then, the only earl within reach was not lovable — or, at all events, he was persuaded that Mary Lowry would not think him so. Meanwhile, when Mary told her aister-in-law that she intended to go home after Christmas, and ex pressed a wish to take Rosamond with her, she was surprised to find the proposition received with evident disfavour. She did not flatter herself that Sarah was pained at the idea of parting from her on any grounds of personal attachment. But it was clear that for some reason £arah did not wish her to go away. ' I can't understand what you want to go*to Lowry for in this weather,' said my lady. ' I fear it might be difficult for me to. make you understand. I am a little home-sick. I believe that is the truth.' ' Well, I should have thought you might feel your brother's house to be home !' 'You are very kind.' Sarah was a little disconcerted to find what she had intended for a sneer received with grave poli eness. After a pause she resumed : ' And I'm sure there can be nothing on earth for you to do at Lowry.' ' But suppose I would rather do nothing at Lowry than do nothing elsewhere i' ' I can't make it out,' returned Sarah, with perfect truth and Borne temper. Sir Cosmo's remark on the subject was, ' I suppose Mary is tired of us. I dare say she don't find Green street a very pleasant residence.' ' Well, I'm sure ! Whyshouldn'tshe?' Sir Cosmo responded merely by a prolonged sniff. ' I see no reason why she should not find it pleasant,' continued my lady doggedly. 'None at allif , We litre in much better style than your father kept up at Lowry. She has society. There are the Honorable Mr. and Mrs. Wigmore. His brother is a lord,' and even Mary .can't say to the contrary. And as to the servants, I don't know where she would find, a butler like Lobley; I dont indeed.'. 'There are clearly aU the elements of happiness! And if Mary don't appreciate them it's- her own fault.' ..??-?? -* « Quite her own fault. But I hope you won't give leave for Rosamond to go to Lowry with her! She has taken a great fancy to Rosamond, ? and perhaps if we keep RoBamond here, Mary may stay too.' 'Why the— mischief, do you want her to stay? You don't love her too dearly.' 'I want to have her under my own eye,' replied my lady deliberately. ' Once she's off to the country, there'll be all sorts ol people ready to catch hold of her— that Mr. Flint and his w fe, and who knows how many besides. We shall have her marrying and. setting up a place in Lowry Place, mark my words!' : Some spark was struck even out of Cosmo's cold metal by this flintyiiardness. ' Good God, Sarah;' he cried, ' do you suppose I'm going to play gaoler over my sister? If she wishes to marry she hasa right to do so, and let her with all my heart! Only I don't know where there's a man worthy of her. It isn't every one who appre ciates Mary. There are creatures that pearls are ?wasted on.'- ? .. ? . .: - Lady Lowry, albeit curiously protected by Nature from many strokes calculated to wound the feelings, had her vulnerable points. She now had recourse to tears. It was not often that she was driven to this extreme measure, but movr she put her handkerchief to her eyes, and began to cry. She did not sob with violence, but her eyelids and nose grew red, and the tears trickled slowly down her cheeks. 'That's the return I get for looking after the inte rests of my family, Cosmo,' she said from behind her pocket- hankerchief. 'I am aware that your sister despises me, but I don't think you ought to. And— and— in my delicate state I think you might show me some consideration.' _ ^ t m. ? Sir Cosmo was bo accustomed to his wife's stolid way of passing over his roughest and sharpest speeches that it came upon him, almost with a sense of injury, to find her taking any of them to' heart. Nevertheless, he did not like to see the little woman crv ; nor was he insensible to the reason she gave for some Bpecial consideration being due to her just then. ' I suppose you want to make me out a brute, Sally,' he said. He spoke awkwardly, and almost gruffly, but Sarah understood very well that her hus band was pervious to her tears. And she understood, too, that, notwithstanding his grufiness, he felt, ifiiot contrite, at least uncomfortable Now those who knew him well might be quite sure ' that the mortal who had the power to make Sir Cosmo feel uncomfortable, and from whom Sir Cosmo could not get away, would chiefly rule Sir Cosmo's life. .'You mustn't ask me to put in my oar, Sally, woman,' he said, after a little while. ' But if you don't mind taking it up'onyourself to refuse leave for Rosamond to go to Lowry, you can do as you please. Only, don't bother me. I can't interfere. You women must settle it amongst yourselves/' ' Oh, I Bhan't at all mind taking upon myself to re fuse,' replied my lady. ' v And, to do her jusfaee, ftjftifra the courage of her convictions. ^3^^' 