EPITOME OF NEWS. Wc compile the following from the various jour nals to hand :— The Sydney cor. of the 1 Newcastle Herald' writes :—An unusual scene was witnessed in some of the principal streets of Sydney on Saturday afternoon. It was a procession of cabs and cabriolets of about a mile in length, and caused some stir aud speculation as to what it could all mean. The occupants of the vehicles were not less an object of interest than the procession itself. The uniformity in size, in dress, in physique, and in the brushed-up misery of the countenances of the occupants, soon furnished the answer to the natural enquiry as to what was going on. It was simply a " treat" to the inmates of that home for the destitute juvenile population of the Randwick Asylum. The " treat" consisted in a free ride aud free admission to Wilson's Hippodrome in the Haymarket, and the youngsters were got up for the occasion in their Sunday go-to-meeting clothes, their faces washed, hair combed, and utterly regardless of expense. "To them it was a red-letter day, and one to be re membered for a life-time. The " show" was worth witnessing, for more than one reason. The two extremes of society were here brought together, and the con trast was certainly a striking one—the re presentatives of royalty and the repre sentatives of misery and destitution. All honour to the proprietor of the Hippo drome and to the cabmen for their liberality and consideration for the desti tute ; and also to his Excellency, the Governor and lady for giving additional eclat to the affair by gracing it with their presence. The ' Central Australian' (Bourke) says :—Mr. Davidson, of Carrawina sta- j tion, was in town on Saturday night last, ; and when going towards Mr. Foott's resi dence, between 8 aud 9, some cowardly ruffian with a firearm (a single or double barrelled gun—which it is impossible to ascertain was loaded or otherwise) snapped j a cap at him, and immediately took to his heels ; as the individual alluded to was inside a paddock fence, he managed to ef fect an escape. The ' Echo7 says :—Mr. G. «T. Wells, of Hunter-street, the agent for Singer and Co.'s sewing machines, has received for exhibition a case containing fac- similes of medals and cups awarded as prizes to the firm, for their exhibits in Europe. There j are 6 silver cups, 25 gold medals, 78 silver i medals, and 22 bronze medals, and com prise awards from societies of Great Bri tain as well as the European continent, i Arranged in a large frame they present an j attractive display. j The ' Braidwood Dispatch' says :—On Thursday evening last Mr. Rowland Has- j sail, of Belle Vue, was returning home j from Braidwood, when he met with an : accident a short distance from town of a nature which makes it seem almost mira culous how he escaped from being seri ously, if not fatally, injured. He was driving along at a slow pace, waiting for Mr. Wallace, of Nithsdale, who was on horseback, to eatcli him up, and having passed the bridge on the far side of Atkins's hut, liis horse, usually very quiet, shied at something and bore off to the near side of the road. Mr. Hassall tried to pull the animal straight again, when the rein broke, and the buggy, horse, and driver were precipitated into the gully, which is at this place twelve feet deep at the very least. The buggy was turned completely over, and Mr. Has sall, having scrambled out from beneath it, held the horse by its head until Mr. Wallace came up, when, with his assist ance, and after much difficulty, the horse was released from the buggy and got upon the road. The buggy was got out after wards by some men sent from town for the pnrpose ; it had both shafts broken and was otherwise injured. The horse had a eufc or two, and Mr. Hassall was slightly bruised, but, when we consider the spot where the accident happened, we cannot but think that it is miraculous that Mr. Hassall, horse, and buggy es caped from being actually dashed to pieces. jEgles, of the ' Australasian,7 writes :— Within two days I have heard of two in stances of sheep being killed by worthless curs, only valuable for a sausage machine. In the one case the loss was ,£50, in the other over ,£100. Now, I have heard it suggested that a tax of £1 per head on the canine species would do much to cure this evil, and would promote the extirpa tion of mongrels. The sportsman would j have no objection. He loves not the lurcher. In townships, where there are no sheep to worry, the 5s. dog tax might still suffice; but in the broad shires the amount is not worth collecting, and that omission tends to the multiplication of : half-starved brutes, which avenge neglect upon the nearest flockmasters.—It is re markablethatcoincidencesoftenstrengthen the suspicion of the censorious. A critical observer might be led to the conclusion that the Cerberus wasn't of much account as a defensive engine, because, upon the only day in the year when she is called upon for ceremonial duty, her turret wouldn't work. I suppose a polite enemy, officially informed of a mishap of this kind, wonld courteously stay outside un til the obdurate turret was greased enough to turn round. But then he might'nt.— Gatepost has a venerable bush man on his station, whom he sent out the other day I to bring in some 12 or 13 old working ! bullocks. Coming in with them late at_ night, Gatepost remarked to him that he was very late. "Look here, sir," said he, "them old workers are the most con traiiy wretches to drive I ever druv. I doan't think as there's anything wuss to drive in this world, unless it be a dozen old women." Gatepost told him that he should, have more respect for the fair sex than to institute a comparison of that kind. " Well, sir," he replied, " I once't had a great respect for them, bat I got jilted—turned up like—by a lass, and now I totally ignores em altogether."— : An observant and philanthrophic gentle- j man noticed at Buninyong, the other day, j a bullock neatly harnessed. There was a comfortable leather breast-plate, and no cruel iron yoke. Always anxious to point a moral, he addressed the driver, compli menting him on his humanity, concluding a pretty speech with the assurance that he, the " owner," deserved." considerable credit." " Credit be hanged," said the matter-of-fact driver, " I didn't want any. I paid cash for the lot." The following, from the 'Newcastle Herald,' is another instance of the un- , certainty of law :—Our nautical readers will doubtless recollect the loss of the brig George H. Peake, of Melbourne—one of our inter-colonial traders—by being run down by the American barque Sierra Nevada. The case created a great amount of interest in shipping circles at the time, and was tried before the Newcastle Local Marine Board, when a decision was given by that body in favour of the American barque Sierra Nevada. This decision of course would exculpate the captain of the barque from blame and hold the*" owners of the brig responsible for the damage done. The owners of the brig were, however,-mot satisfied, and feeling confident that, if taken to a higher Court, matters would be altered, they took the case before the Sydney Vice-Admiralty Court, and, aftef a prolonged hearing and lengthy consideration, the decision of the Newcastle Marine Board was reversed, and the Vice-Admiralty Court gave a verdict in favour of the brig George H. Peake. The owners of each vessel hav ing thus scored a point, the George H. Peake by the highest court, the owners of the Sierra Nevada being confident that the decision of the Newcastle Board was reliable determined to take the case to the English law court. There we lost sight of it for a time until the mail be fore last arrived, when advices stated that the whole of the evidence had been taken, the enquiry closed, and the judges were considering the facts adduced. By the mail just arrived, we learn that the judges have given their decision, and hold both vessels to be in fault. Both sides j will, therefore, have to pay their own costs, and the owners of the vessels will have each his own loss to sustain. This decision was not known in Newcastle last evening except by a very few, and the result will no doubt cause a considerable amount of surprise. The ' Echo' says:—Australian Museum, Sydney : We are requested by the trus tees of this institution to state that they are constantly receiving applications from scientific societies in Europe and America, as well as other parts of the world, ex pressing their desire for typical specimens of the natural history of A ustralia, and offering in exchange for them objects | which would prove valuable additions to our collection. The trustees feel assured there are many persons who would take a pleasure in preserving and forwarding, to the Museum, the animals, reptiles, and insects met with in their respective neigh bourhoods, if they knew the interest at taching to the objects even of common oc currence to them. The Btock of duplicate specimens is small at present; a large number are required to make returns to correspondents who have recently for warded valuable contributions. AH ob jects sent to the Museum, whether living or preserved, will be gratefully acknow ledged. They should be addressed to Mr. E. P. Ramsay, Curator, Australian Museum. During the winter months birds and animals can be forwarded with out skinning, if the time occupied in transit is short, and they wiU be preserved at the Museum. Miners are specially re quested to preserve carefully any. fossil bones, &c.;, they may meet with?1« The Curator will be happy to forward-written instructions for the preservation of specimens to any person applying for them. jEgles, of the ' Australasian,' writes:— A collegiate school in an Australian colony was once ^presided over by a master who was so fierce an apostle of the decimal system that he was universally known as Decimal Smith. Not being a favourite of the school, he was the victim of fre quent practical jokes. These culminated in the transformation of his horse into a gorgeously-striped specimen of the zebra tribe. So much time was given to decimals that very little was devoted to natural history, and Decimal Smith's pupils had no better idea of the zebra than to adorn his horse with broad stripes of green, yellow, and red. Strange to say, Smith wasn't nearly so much de lighted as the boys expected. The per petrators, however, became heroes in the sight of their schoolfellows, and this so excited the emulation of some new boys that they determined to better the ex ample. So the other day they success fully achieved the feat of whitewashing the schoolmaster's cow—so successfully, indeed, that upon the reverend gentle man observing it next morning, he per emptorily ordered her to be driven to the pound. But in the course of the day a harrowing suspicion arose in his mind that ho had impounded his own cow, and suspicion soon grew into distressing cer tainty. With regretful slowness he dis bursed the coin which was required to obtain her release. Need I describe tbe heaviness of that afternoon, or how school-hours lengthened, and canes wore out, and how the blandest and most dulcet tones became harsh and shrill ] These memories are even now impressed upon many a palm—graven upon many a memory. The ' M." and D. Advertiser' says :— Madame Sibly held a baby show on Wed nesday, at the Golden Age HaU. The room was crowded, and there were 110 babies entered for competition. Before makiDg the awards Madame Sibly gave a lecture—what about no one had the least idea, as it was utterly impossible to hear a word she said, in consequence of the screams, yells, groans, babblings, and unearthly utterings of the infants, who were of all kinds, all sizes, all sorts, and all colonrs. Messrs. Adamson and Hardie officiated as judges—a representative of this journal was requested to act, but he declined, stating that he had no desire to incur the ire and deadly hatred of 109 angry mothers, aU of whom would imagine that their little darlings were entitled to the first prize. Madame Sibly stated that the prizes would be given to the children showing the best physical and mental capacity, and after she had, with Mr. Adamson and Mr. Hardie, gone through the competitors, and felt the weight of each, examining their heads and their legs, she adjudged the prizes as follows:—1st prize, John Sharp, 8 mouths, son of a miner at Chinamans ; 2nd, Wm. Geo. Jamieson, 9 months, son of Mr. Geo. Jamieson, Majorca-road; 3rd, Mary Barry, 4 months, daughter of Martin Bany, miner, White Hills ; 4th, Mrs. Hugget, Cemetery road, wife of a miner, for "a little armful" (Madame said) of two months old. The awards gave general satisfaction, and indeed, considering the difficulties under which they were made, the wonder was that there were no complaints. There were infants present from all parts of the district, but tbe greater part of them came from Chinamans, where they seem to grow" particularly fine, big and healthy babies, and where they appear to be more plentiful than nuggets. Henry ErneBt Smith, aged 11 years, was drowned lately, at B&thurst;, by fall ing into a well. He had been sent at dusk to draw a bucket of water. The ' Southern Argus1 says:—It appears ' that, since a man named Jeffrey was acci dentally drowned in a creek some time back on the Gundary PlainB, a rumour lias prevailed that a ghost hasnliown itself to travellers along the Bungonia Road, at or near the place where the unfortunate man had been drowned. A resident of Bungonia, riding home from Goulburn the other night, found that his horse could not be persuaded to pass the haunted spot, and looking forward he saw something white swaying from side to side on the road-- The Bungoniaite dismounted, and succeeded in leading his horse up to where the supposed ghost was displaying his terrifying powers, and then, suddenly mounting bis animal^ he at the same time gave a sharp cut of his whip across the face of the ghost, who emitted not a blue dame, with the attendant dissolving into thin air, but a painful sound perfectly human, and made a rush for an adjoining fence, which the ghost nimbly got over before the horseman, who closely pursued him, was able to administer another cut of the whip. The Melbourne ' Age' says :—Dr. Youl held an inquest at Carlton upon the body of a woman named Catherine Guinaue, aged seventy-three years, the wife of a labourer named John Guinane, who was found dead on the previous day in the yard of a house in Elgin-street, her head being immersed in a tub of water. Wil liam Tully, cabman, deposed that about 8 o'clock be went into a yard belonging to Mr. C. Farrell, and saw somethiug in a tub, which, upon examination, proved to be deceased ; she was headfirst in the tub, I in about twenty inches of water, her feet being extended upwards ; slie was then quite dead and cold ; there were no marks of violence or struggling about the place ; ho did not think she could have fallen in the position in which he found her ; slie had on her nightdress only. Mary Jane Finn stated that the deceased, who was married, but lived apart from lier hus band, slept with her on Saturday night; she was in her usual health when she re tired to rest, and slept well all night; wit ness did not hear her get out of bed, but missed her a short time before she was found ; deceased was in the habit of get ting up early and going down-stairs. J ane Farrell, wife of Laurence Farrell, hay dealer, of Carlton, daughter of deceased, deposed that Mrs. Guinane lived with her; slie was in the habit of getting up early ; she was out of her mind and melancholy, but quite harmless, and never Bliowed any suicidal tendencies ; she had very strong religious convictions, and always said she dreaded for her soul; she was in the habit of putting her head under the water-tap, and said she suffered from a continual noise ; she was also subject to fits. Dr. G. Black made a post-mortem examina tion of the body, and deposed that, with the exception of the anterior lobe of the brain, which was thickened from inflam mation, the organs were healthy ; death resulted from asphyxia from drowning. ; The Jury returned a verdict of "Found drowned in a tub of water." The * Maitland Mercury' says :—A very ! neat and amusing toy, worked by ma chinery, was on view in the shop window of Messrs. Griffiths and Son, High- street, on Saturday evening, which had the effect of attracting a large crowd, principally composed of juveniles, to watch its work ing. The toy is an automaton horizontal bar performer, and the evolutions and mo tions of the small acrobat are both grace ful and natural; he swings and raises him self up by the hands, throws himself over the bar backwards and forwards, pauses and rests as naturally as any trapezian. The movements are all caused and regu lated by clock work machinery closed in a small box at the side of tho performing bar, and it is started by being wound up, the figure continuing its amusing perform ances until the works run down. The whole affair is neat, and not only affords excel lent amusement for children, but is well worthy the observation of adults. The ' Newcastle Herald' says :—An ac cident occurred on Friday last at the A. A. Company's Shoots, by which a horse, valued at £40, the property of the Com pany, narrowly escaped being killed. It appears that it was drawing a train of coals into the shoots when it slipped and fell, and one of the wheels of a coal truck hurt its near hind leg severely. With great presence of mind Mr. George Frost and the man who was driving the horses succeeded in spragging the waggon, and prevented the occurrence from being much more serious. This is, we understand, not the first time Mr. Frost has been in strumental in protecting the Company's property. The * Echo' says:—About 7 o'clock yes terday evening, the alarm was given that a fire had broken out in a back room, downstairs, of house No. 92, Judge- street, Woolloomooloo, occupied by Mrs. Maria Garner, a widow, aged 75 years, who sub let the house to various lodgers, occupy ing herself the room referred to. A lodger in the house, named Wm. Coghlan, per ceiving the smell of fire, sought to ascer tain from whence it proceeded, and was led to Mrs. Garner's room. On entering he noticed that there was a good deal of smoke, which at first prevented him from noticing distinctly the state of things in the room. He at last observed a number of email articles burning on the floor. In one corner of the room near a table lay a smouldering mass which he had some difficulty in recognising as the body of his landlady,JUrs. Garner. The clothes had been burnt off the unfortunate wo man, hut she was still alive. The upper part of the body was fearfully charred. One eye had been completely obliterated by tbe action of the fire ; and the bone of the left arm was exposed. The unfortu nate woman would appear to have received thesp injuries, which last night were every hour expected to terminate in her death, through an accident with a kerosene lamp, the exact nature of which is not apparent. The broken remains of the lamp itself were found on the floor, after Mrs. Garner was discovered in the condition described, and the oil had apparently burnt itself out. The lamp-chimney was, however, found intact. The supposition is that deceased had taken off the chimney with the intention of regulating the lamp or trimming the wick, and had in so doing (being, it is said, under the influence, of liquor) knocked it down, the lamp or oil setting fire to her dress in descending to the floor. No one in the house appears to have heard either the noise of an ex plosion or of Mrs. Garner falling to the floor. Dr. Pattison was called in, and did what he could under the circumstances. The condition of the room in which Mrs. Garner was found (although comparatively little damage was done to it) led to an alarm of fire being given. The engines of the various metropolitan companies were soon on thy spot, but there was found to be no necessity for their services. The ' Pastoral Times' saysAt Wil cannia the people are very horsey. With oats' at from 60s. to 80s. per bag, and very indifferent hay at 6d. per lb., they are training horses for their forthcoming : races. J The ' Mercury1 says :—An inquest was held at the Maitland Hospital, on Tues day, before the Coroner, Mr. T. W. Pearse, touching the death of a man nained Henry Williams, a dealer, aged about 5<. The evidence showed that the deceased had been drinking heavily for some time at Hamer's Denison Inn, where he had lodged, and that on the 12th inst. he requested to bo taken to the hospital, having been very ill the previous day and night. On arriving at the hospital he bad a fit in the hall. He was taken up stairs, and when being undressed suddenly stretched out his arms and fell dead. The medical evidence of Dr. It. G. Al corn was to the effect that death was caused by syncope, or failure of the heart's action, accelerated by drink and privation. The Jury returned a verdict that " death was caused by reason of in sufficient nourishment, and from excessive and hard drinking." The ' C. and It. Examiner' says :—At the request of the Presbytery of Sydney, the Rev. J. Wilson has officiated two montliB in the vacant charge of Grafton and Ulniarra, and leaves for Sydney this week. He is to be succeeded by the Itev. Mr. Taut, a licentiate of the Church of Scotland, who has recently arrived and joined the Presbyterian Church of Hew South Wales, and who will probably arrive in Grafton on Thursday first. Our Gaelic friends, we are sure, will give hini a Highland welcome to the Clarence, for we understand he is able and willing to deliver unto them the message of peace in the ancient Celtic language.—On Sunday last, a son of Mr. Goddard's, of Queen street, was out riding when the horse put his foot in a hole and threw the rider, causing a fracture of both bones of the right arm. The sufferer was conveyed to Dr. Morton's, and that gentleman reduced the fracture, and set the broken limb, sending his patient away much relieved. The ' Northern Star' says On his last trip from Lismore to the Tweed, the mail man, Mr. J. Graham, lost his horse under the following circumstancesIt appears that he was swimming a creek with a person named T. Callaway, and, on his : (the mailman's) arrival on the other side, observing Callaway struggling in the water lie fastened bis horse to a tree and swimming back succeeded in bringing Callaway and his horse safely to laud. While he was away, his horse managed to get into the creek and was carried away some distance, when his head caught in the fork of a tree, from which it was impossible to extricate him. Graham, however, saved the mails, while great credit is duo to him for his courageous exertions which resulted in saving Calla | way's life. Truly, carrying mails is no sinecure such weather as the present. The ' M. R. Times' says :—As Mr. Parrell's son John, of the Woolla Woolla, was returning homo from Wingliain with two companions on Thursday week last, when some distance this side of the Cedar Party Creek the horse on which he was riding stumbled and fell, breaking the lad's collar bone and the bottom of the wrist, a compound fracture. .The Melbourne ' Spectator' says About 1100 children and adults have been swept away in Melbourne and its present suburbs since last August, when scarlatina appeared in its present malignant form ; and if to these victims of this terrible disease we add those who have died in the country districts, the number will be at least doubled. In order to form a clearer idea of the greatness of this mortality from a single disorder, we have ouly to suppose that the plague were equally de structive in London. Assuming that the population of the largest city in the world is, in round numbers, 4,000,000, the deaths there during the last nine months from this cause would have amounted to over 9000—a loss which would be regarded with consternation. Telegram from Brisbane, in the * Echo —Elizabeth Lonsfield is charged with the murder of her husband by poisoning, aud Thomas E. Bonney with being accessory ; both have been committed for trial, and bail refused.—At Maytown, a woman, Mrs. Curley, cohabiting with a man named-Lover or Lovett, a digger, was found murdered in the bush at M'Leod Rush, on the Hodgkinson River; both her arms were chopped off. It is stated that Lover and * the woman had been drinking heavily. There were no police within 100 miles of the spot, and a special constable arrested Lover on suspicion of the murder.—The population on the Hodgkinson River now amounts to 1200 ; beef sold there at 3s. Gd. per lb.—A man named Hall, the overseer of the Isla sta tion, when playing leap-frog, fell and broke his neck ; he died instantaneously. Ditto from Melbourne :—Five hundred tons of goods are awaiting at Echuca for transmission by the Deniliquin and Moama Railway. Ditto from Adelaide:—The Press is crying out that if the public works are not pushed forward, the immigrants brought here will soon be in want. The following letter appears in the 'Tamworth News' :—In your issue of the 9th, under Armidale telegram, you state Mr. Dangar, in company with Mr. Terry, waited upon the Minister with reference to the Railway Northern Exten sion. I have spoken to Mr. Terry about this, and find it was Mr. H. C. Dangar, and not I, who waited on the Ministry. Perhaps you will correct the error. I shall not oppose the Extension to Armi dale, so as to join Queensland. At the same time I have doubts if the line by In vereli would not be cheaper, answer all pur poses, and tap the interior more satisfac torily. It must resolve into a branch (if the direct route is carried out) sooner or later to Inverell. On the right of the Armidale line, we have impenetrable mountain country and the Clarence coast and no feeder like Inverell side.—Tours' &c.;, Taos. G. Dangar:—Sydney, 13 th | June. The demand for agricultural land on I the Darling Downs, and the difficulty of suppling it, are well illustrated by the following paragraph, from the 4 Tamworth Chronicle Yesterday at the Land Office the forfeited selection of Mr. Thomas Perkins, situated on the Westbrook Home stead Area, containing4!0 acres, wastbrown open for selection. There were fifty ap plications for it—all made by bona fide men—and the successful applicant was Francis M. O'Reilly. This is another proof among many that have of late months been supplied, illustrative of the earth hunger in this district. We com mend it to the serious consideration of Mr. Douglas. The ' D. D. Gazette' says :—Thomas Lee was charged for that he did, within the last three months, wilfully cause, direct, or permit to be branded with his registered brand, one iron grey filly of which he was not the rightful owner. Mr. Hamilton for the prosecution; Mr. Dodd for the defence. The case was fully proved by Messrs. G. King, J. Herbert, W. Gentle, and T. Lavis, and the defendant was ordered to pay a fine of .£30, to be recoverd by distress, or in default four months' imprisonment. The Melbourne Cricket Club has re solved to raise seven thousand pounds on debentures, for the purpose of effecting improvements in the cricket ground. The ' Tamworth News' says:—Mr. Cunningham reports having sold on account of Alexander Kodgers, Esq., Attunga, on the 7tli inst., 85 head cattle. Bullocks : £7 to £9 3s. ; average, £8 4s. Also, 22 bullocks and cows at an average of £7 128. 3d. On the 12th inst., on account of J. A. MTutyre, Esq., of Waterloo, New England, 1060 fat wethers at 10s. 6d.—A correspondent, well ac quainted with the circumstances, informs us that an impudent case of sheep steal ing occurred at Bingera, on Friday last, 9th June. It appears that a mob of travelling sheep, the property of Mr. E. C. Dunn, of Gundaroi station, near Coolah, were camped near Bingera, in charge of Mr. Blair, in whose employ were three drovers, named William Eck ford, William Crohan, and Thos. Burke. The sheep were fire-branded L near nose, tar-branded T and 2 on back, and G off ribs, and were ear-marked with two notches out of the front of the near ear. On the 9th instant, Crohan and Burke having rounded up the sheep, Eckford caught a wether, which he afterwards, it is alleged, sold to a Mrs. Fletcher, a settler on Bingera Creek. Eckford then disappeared, aud information of his pro ceedings having been conveyed to Mr. Blair, the latter set the police in motion. Constables Palmer and Schroder (the former a particularly energetic officer) im mediately started in pursuit, overtook Eckford about 20 miles on the Bingera side of Inverell, arrested him on warrant, and brought him back to Bingera. Here he was brought before the local Bench aud remanded to Saturday. Its Gunnedah cor. writes :—Appleby, for the Breeza shooting-case, was yester day brought up before W. C. Lawson, Esq., J.P., and, after the witnesses had been examined, he was committed for trial at the next assizes at Tamworth, on the charge of wilful murder. The evi dence taken did not disclose anything material more than that already reported in your columns. It did, however, unveil a phase in colonial life in the bush that one would rather be in ignorance of. Comment just now would unfortunately be injudicious; and, therefore, will not be indulged in. The prosecution was ably conducted by Sergeant Meagher, and the case was watched on behalf of the accused by Mr. Nash, solicitor, of this town. The prisoner had marks upon him of recent ill-usage ; in fact the same re marks may be justly applied to all the parties who were called upon to give evi dence, except the police, who were not present at Breeza when the fracas oc curred. —Mr. Police Superintendent Gar land presented to Mr. E. Beanvais, of this town, on last Saturday, a silver medal, in recognition of his services in endeavouring to rid the colony of one of its former curses—Rutherford, the bush ranger. Beauvais accepted the medal with a qualification that, had it not been brought to him by Mr. Garland, he would not accept it; because he under stood that others (some of whom never saw a bushranger) had gold medals pre sented to them. His (Beauvais's) im pression was that all should have been served alike. The event was celebrated with sundry bottles of " fizz" at Christy Brown's, and the health of Beauvais was proposed by Mr. Garland, and honoured with loud cheers. Mr. Garland's health was then, on the motion of Mr. P. J. O'Rourke, drunk with " three times three, and one more." It is scarcely necessary to add that the several toasts were duly acknowledged. The medal is a very neat piece of work, and the in scription thereon explains in graphic but brief language its raison d'etre. The Brisbane 'Telegraph' says:—A man named Warren, a late arrival from Cook town, and who was en^jjfoyed on board the Jabberwock, steamer, fell down the Btoke-hole of that vessel—a distance of about ten feet—last night and sustained severe bruises, especially about his shoulders, and received a severe cut on his head. Information was immediately given to the .police, who conveyed him to the Hospital, where it was ascertained that the cut inflicted was about Bix inches long, and from the nature of the wound it cannot yet be ascertained whether it is likely to prove fatal or otherwise. The ' Copperfield Miner' says From a private letter received from the Aramac, we learn that another alleged case of flogging to death, at the Mount Cornish Police Barracks, has been reported to the Aramac police. In this case the black fellow was tied to a tree and flogged to death with fencing wire. This report should be sifted thoroughly and imme diately, or the central aud Western dis tricts of Queensland will get a rather unenviable notoriety in that respect; An accident, which well nigh termi nated fatally, occurred to a man named William Smith, employed on the barge at Echuca. The ' Riverine Herald' says that a rope had fouled the steering gear of the ' barge, and Smith, in attempting to clear it, was knocked overboard by the hawser coming away with a jerk. He could not swim, and was carried down by the stream, j underneath the barge Bourke. He rose for a moment at her stern, but was sink ing when Mr. Gleu's son who had quickly \ rowed with his father to the spot on per- ' ceiving the accident grasped him by the coat and succeeded in rescuing him. His ; rescue by the prompt exertions of Messrs. Gleu entitle them to the highest praise, and makes the fourth life saved by them within the past four years, iu each case the person being rescued from drowning, j One of these instances occurred at the bathing sandbank near the wharf, another j at Hay, the third at Corowa, and the j fourth as above. Surely this fourfold : saving of life is deserving of some recog- i nition at the hands of the Victorian Hu- j mane Society. In the course of a lecture on Oliver Cromwell, the other night, says one of the metropolitan journals, the Rev. Charles Clark, in a peculiar tone, referred to the line of English sovereigns " from Alfred to the Empress of India.? The mention of the Queen's new title evoked such a demonstration of feeling from the crowded audience as showed that her Majesty's new style and dignity finds no favour amongst her Australian subjects. A doctor's guarantee fund is being sub scribed to at Coonabarabran. According to the ' Echo,' Mrs. Garner, of Woolloomooloo, gave the following ac count of how she was burned by kerosene: —She said that the lamp exploded while she held it in her hand, and she was then burnt, more particularly about the upper part of the body. When the explosion took place the chimney came off, and, falling on to some Bliavings, was not broken. Mrs. Garner's room, in which the accident occurred, presented a hetero geneous collection of old articles, scraps of all sorts which she had picked up in her rambles. The unfortunate woman died at 3 o'clock next morning. The ' Singleton Argus' says :—We are glad to learn on enquiry that Mrs. Bauer, of Campbell's Creek, who was so seriously injured by the falling of a burning tree, is progressing favourably. Dr. Spiuk paid her another visit on Thursday, and, on further examination after the swelling had subsided, discovered that in addition to the three ribs broken, the right shoulder is fractured. These have all been at tended to, and the doctor has informed Mr. Bauer that there is every likelihood of final recovery, although of necessity it must occupy a considerable time. At the Sydney District Court, the other day, Mr. J ones brought an action against Mr. Brodie for damages for negligence in lighting and tending a fire in the open air, which spread to plaintiffs land and destroyed wood, &c.;, thereon. Mr. Ro berts appeared for plaintiff; Mr. Pilcher, instructed by Mr. Billyard, for defend ant. The occurrence took place at Lane Cove. Evidence having been taken, a verdict was given for plaintiff, damages £12. The amount claimed at the trial was £60, although originally plaintiff | valued his loss at only £40. The ' Echo* says :—On Saturday last a lad named Robert Elliot, employed by Mr. Hay, butcher, of Ryde, met with a very serious accident on the Gladesville Road. While galloping at full speed his horse fell with him and threw him on his head on to the crown of the macadamised road, and when picked up he was found to be insensible and bleeding profusely from his left ear and mouth, apparently indicating fracture of the base of the skull. However, soon after the arrival of Dr. Hudson, of Ryde, who was speedily on the spot, the lad recovered conscious ness and speech. Since then he has con tinued to progress favourably, but his medical attendant does not yet consider him out of danger. The Colonial Secretary laid on the table of the Legislative Assembly, the other evening, detailed returns sliowiug the quantity of live stock in the colony on the 31st March, 1876, aud also the num ber of freeholders and leaseholders of land. The horses numbered 357,696; the horned cattle, 3,134,086; sheep, 24,382,536; pigs, 199,950. On the 31st March, 1875, the returns gave the num bers as follows:—Horses, 346,691 ; horned cattle, 2,856,699 ; sheep, 22,872,882; pigs, 219,958. During the twelve months ending 31st March last, there was, there fore, an increase of 11,005 horses, 277,387 horned cattle, aud 1,509,654 sheep ; and a decrease of 20,008 pigs. Freeholders under conditional purchase numbered, on 31st March last, 14,028 ; other freeholders, 9471 ; leaseholders of land conditionally purchased, 1102 ; other leaseholders, 6671 : total, 31,272. The ' Herald's' Mudgee cor. writes :— Mr. C. W. Lawson, of Puttabucca, near Mudgee, who has just returned from a visit to New Zealand, has brought back with him from that place about a dozen English pheasants, and 40 brace of Cali fornia quail. Both these descriptions of birds have been acclimatised in New Zea land, where they have abundantly repro duced their species; aud Mr. Lawson, being struck with the similarity of the climate in -the parts of New Zealand where these birds have thrived so well to that of the Mudgee district, determined on bringing some of both kinds home with him, and seeing how they would get along here. Some of the birds have already ar rived, and the rest will do so in a few days, when the lot will be- turned loose in a suitable spot ; arrangements having been made to have the pheasants fed dur ing the winter months.—Last Saturday afternoon a match was shot off at the rifle butts between ten volunteers resident in the East end and ten resident in the West end of'the town. Each marksman had five shots at 200, 500, aud 600 yards rangeB. The afternoon was favourable for shooting, which was on the whole goad. Private Greenwood, who shot with a Hay muzzle-loader, obtained the top score with 48 points, and made three bullseyes in succession at the 600 yards range. The match was won by the West enders by 11 points, they having scored 365 to their opponents' 354. —Last Friday,. at the Police Court, an old man, namedr Joshua Crossling, a labourer residing ap Redbank, was committed for trial at th£» Quarter Sessions for attempting to com mit suicide by cutting his throat on the previous Wednesday. The general evi dence showed that drink had led to the act. During the night Crossling died in the gaol, and on the following day an in quest was held on the body before Mr. W. J. Henningliam, coroner : the medi cal evidence went to prove that the wound in the throat was not the cause of death, which had been accelerated by hard living and previous excesses.—During the week Messrs. Crossing and Cox have sold 13 Hereford hulls at the following figures :— On account of Mr. J. D. Cox : 1 at £50, and 2 at £30 each. On account of Mr. George Rouse : 2 at £50 each, and 1 at £25. On account of the Hon. G. H. Cox : 1 1 at £30, 2 at £25, and 4 half- breeds at £15 each. The ' Mercury's' Brauxton cor. writes : —On Monday night last, the eldest son of Mr. J. A. Tulloch, storekeeper here, met with a very severe accident through care lessly usinggunpowder. It appears Master Tulloch was playing with another boy, who had a matchbox full of gunpowder; and whilst Master Tulloch was in the act of looking into the matchbox, the other boy accidentally let a match drop into the powder, which exploded into Master Tul loch's face, burning him very severely. Luckily, his eyes escaped injury, the eye brows and lashes being completely burned into the skin. Dr. Schulzen was called in to attend upon him, and he is now pro gressing favourably under his skilful treat ment. Telegram from Gassilis, in the cuiy' On Friday afternoon, Edward' Cawthorne, a dealer, from Maitland, whs had with him a tilted dray of fruit, vs found dead on the Merriwa road yester day, two miles from Cassilis. The wherel of the dray had gone over his head, ami death must have been instantaneous. U is supposed that he had fallen out of trap dray in coming down the hill. A magis terial enquiry was held on tlfe body, and a: verdict of accidental death was re corded. - " ; - • The ' Beechwbrth Star' says A man named Palmer, at Witness's saw-mills, Beechwbrth, was standing by a circular saw,1 when a Splinter of wood, an inch or two long, wab thrown out by the'saw, and striking him in the face, pierced the flesh near the nostrilsandpenetrated to the in side of the month. Palmer's fellow-work men, attracted by his cries; went to him, and attempted to-get the splinter out by pulling it down through the mouth; After putting the sufferer in great agony by their unsuccessful endeavours to extricate the wood, the men determined to bring him in to the hospital, which was accord ingly done. On arrival there the splinter was quickly taken out of Palmer's flesh by being pushed upwards, and he is now getting on well, though still ha the hos pital. Telegram from Brisbane, in the ' Echo' of 15th inst. :—Mr. Maealister has re signed liis seat in tlie Assembly. Mr. Thorn retires from the Legislative Coun cil to contest the electorate of Ipswich.— On Sunday last a party of timber- getters found a man in a deplorable condition, near Double Island Point, Wide Bay. He was one of the recent five escapees from Hew Caledonia. One was drowned during the passage. Black trackers are looking after the other three, who left the rescued man for assistance, he being much injured when last seen. The Police Magistrate has taken possession of the boat, which is much damaged, on be half of the French Government.—Sir Francis Murphy and his sons have pur chased the Northampton Downs sta tions, in the Mitchell district, with 38,000 sheep, at 24s. per head. The sellers are Messrs. Rome, Brothers. Ditto from Melbourne :—In the charge of forgery heard to-day, against W. Sin cock, late Manager of the Land and Mortgage Bank, Mr. Stewart, manager of the Bank of New Zealand, was prosecu tor. The circumstances of the case were, that the Mortgage Bank had placed £13,000, according to their deed, in the Bank of New Zealand. Mean time Sin cock commenced doing a little business in money lending on his own account, and had applied to the manager of the Bank of New Zealand for £7000. Taking advantage of his position as manager of the Mortgage Bank, he gave his bill as I manager for the amount, which he placed to his credit in another bank. The bill, on arriving at maturity, was dishonoured and renewed. Sincock again failed to take up the bill, and, falling into diffi culties, forged the bill of exchange. After the evidence was heard, the case was dismissed, owing to a flaw in the in formation, but a fresh information will be issued.—Two or three small craft sauk in the bay during the gale yesterday.— Stevenson's case concluded this evening. The magistrates, after a long retirement, dismissed the case, with £150 costs for defendants. Eight out of the thirteen magistrates on the Bench were in favour of the dismissal.—Sheep epidemic, es pecially in the Western district, is caus ing some anxiety, but tbe Chief Inspector ; of sheep reports that the death rate is not much higher than from ordinary fluke.— Two splendid Arab horses have arrived from India. Ditto from Adelaide :—It is reported that Mr. Yates, who died on the Yarra Bend, has left £6000 to the Adelaide Hospital. Mr. Thomas Laidlaw, an influential and active resident of Yass, died there lately. He was a son of the Mr. Laidlaw who frequently acted as amanuensis to Sir Walter Scott while the latter was dic tating romances. Tlie ' Evening News' states that the Rev. James R. Thackeray, late of West Maitland, lias been elected secretary to the Licensed Victuallers' Association of New South Wales. Telegram from Melbourne, in Friday's ' Echo'—John Ryan, convicted of an outrage on Mrs. Rumbold, at South Yarra, has been sentenced to ten years' hard labour, including three months' soli tary confinement and 150 lashes.—Tlie Minister for Railways informed a deputa tion that the policy of the Government would be to adopt lines to settled, and especially duly settled, districts, with the -view of- attaching the population to the soil, and would only propose such lines as will pay interest on their construction. —A warrant has been applied for against Trowell for perjury, at the instance of Miles, a draper, who was a witness in the Stevenson case. The decision is reserved. —A large sale of wheat took place at 5s. 9d. to 5s. 9id. Ditto from Adelaide Wheat con tinues in demand at 4s. 9d., but sellers ask Id. more. 