3TADGAP VIOLET. BY WILLIAM BLACK. ACTHOB OP A pBriTCESS op Thuls, Threb FBA1HEB3, &0 , k.C. PaWiilied by special 'arrangement with t'i3 author ■:. , All rights reserved.] Chapter XVIII. — Castle Bandbox, • N.BV (Continued.) Which was the more lovely then—the seaward view, or the landward? The far- stretching anna of the-still blue water Iky around the soft green islands; the \- sunlight shone on,the white tower of a lighthouse some dozen miles away; one or two ships, looking like toys, lay be calmed ; and away beyond these, over, the dazzling brightness of the sea, rose .the majestic shoulders and peaks of the Morven hills, grown pale and ethereal in their summer hues. Inland, again, the eye rested on an endless series of moun tain - ranges mountain - billows they almost seemed te _ be—decreasing in intensity of color until they appeared as mere clouds at the- horizon; Those nearer at hand were mostly of an olive-, green color where the sunlight caught their slopes, with here and there a patch of pale 'purple, telling of a motionless cloud overhead. Which was the more lovely—the blue summer sea, with its low, long islands, its white ships, and its faintly-colored hills, or this vast and silent world" of mountains, close up to the sky I " Are ye no goin' on, sir ? . ■ > Mr. Drummpnd started, for the sound of a human voice sounded strangely in the great stillness. "Allright, Peter." Again they pushed forward, and it almost seemed as if their bad luck was following them up here also, when Jack suddenly ceased his wild plunges over the [moor. He had got into a gentle hollow between a mass of rocks,; and appeared convinced that the ruBty tufts of heather and the green masses of . bracken concealed something mysterious and awful. Suddenly the absolute silence of the mountain-top was broken by what was nothing less than a wild and general scrimmage. From all parts of the heather, one after another, rose a succession of huge brown masses, that flew this way and that with a noise like the throbbing of a paddle-steamer, infinitely" quickened; and bang after bang came from the re loaded gun. The dog , seemed to le rushing everywhere, with Peter howling oaths in Gaelic at him; the air was filled with sulphurous smoke; the hill3 were echoing the heavy m isketry fire. Then there was a ; pause—an awful silence, and a look of bewilderment on the face of the sportsman. Had he shot anything 1 he seemed to ask, after all this terrible commotion. There was a loud howl from Jack; for Peter—assured that the firing wa3"over, and his' life no longer in dangers-had - rushed at the dog to admonish Mm with a whip, at the same time getting hold of * bird that was doubtless on the point of being devoured. *' That is a nice dog of your's, Peter. " " He is a ferra good dog," whateffer," contended Peter, Bturdily, as he went to pick up two more birds. "Ass I wass saying afore, there will be nothing, will pass the nose of him, and if he iss a little to eager in the rinnin, we .can cure him of that. And we will not .cure him of thatiunless you will shoot the birds." ' " Are you grumbling still 1 Haven't I just shot some birds V- — "Three,..sir; ay, sir, you hef shoot three. But ass for the number, of ithem .hat you hef missed, ay, Kott only knows' hat.'" - ; "By heavenS, I have a great mind to ahoot you, Peter." "You would miss me, sir," said Peter, imperturbably. "Idon't mean to rob the hangman, anyhow," said his master. " How put the-birds in your bag,-and we will go down to the loch." • "Already, sir?" said Peter; but the remonstrance was of no avail; the sports man proceeding to cross the ridge of the hill until he came in Bight of afresh water loch lying in a small hollow far below him... It was a picturesque little lake that lay there .in the cup of the mountains. - One half of its surface. was hidden by water lillies, the white "stars of the flowers gleaiping-here and there among the broad green leaves; the Other half of the lake showing a perfect mirror of the over hanging hills and sky, with this diffe rence, that, whereas the brilliant colors of the sky "were , faithfully reflected, the spectral mountains that went away down into those blues and whites were of a uniform rich shining brown, as deep in color as a newly-cut peat. That, indeed, was the color of the clear dark water itself come from the mountain rills. There was a small boat on the lake, lying motionless; and there were two figures in the boat; one distinguished by a white feather that gleamed in the sun. When the sportsman, high on the moun tain top, sent down his vi6w-halloo, he was answered by. the fluttering of two "handkerchiefsj and; presently; as he pro ceeded to descend the hill, he saw two tiny oars put out, and the boat begin to creep slowly to the shore. "Now, girla, set to work to get lun cheon ready," was the command. '' Why, you might have had: the hamper opened, and the cloth spread on the grass, and everything ready, instead of idling out there in a boat. Is this a fit reception for a .weary hunter returning from. the. fatigue of the chase ?" -" What, spoils .has the weary .hunter breught back-with him ?" demanded the elder of the two girls, whereupon she; was admonished not to indulge a vain curiosity, hut instead, to put the bottles, of beer into the lake to cool.-: The weary liunter con tentedly Bate and beBeld these and other preparations being made for hiB comfort. _ It was a sufficiently picfbreBque and en joyable little meal, up hereby the side of the solitary; lake, amid the silence of the hills, in the breathless warmth and bril liancy of a summer day. The discontented Peter and his erratic companion Jack were hoth seated atsomndistancepfl^on a bank of green breckans; and with them was the boy who. had brought the basket all the way frcmi Castle Jfondbox. In front of the migk£y,hunier lay the four birds that had been taken forth from the bag for purposes of display. The luncheon itself was distributed in a promiscuous manner over such bits of reck, tufts of heather, and clumps of breckan as were most con venient. - And when a soothing pipe followed the frugal meal, and introduced a new per fume into the warm air, the hunter, with a great look of contentment on his face, began to discourse; and his discourse was of all things in the earth, and the air, and the sea. First of ail, if the report of a faithful listener is to be credited, it treated of the dying-out of metaphoric speech in literature. It pointed out that the whole of Shakspeare is written in that now unknown tongue ; it dealt with the substitution of similes for metaphors ; it traced the degeneracy of similes into the " allusions " of news paper- articles. And then, harking back upon Shakspeare, it asserted that the greatest good fortune which could befall a certain youhg.lady, then present, was that she might never lose her sense of wonder; that she should never get into the habit of taking the facts, and pheno mena of the world as matters of course; that always the mystery of life should be before her eyes. "What happiness it would be, continued this indolent orator, if. one could come fresh to the reading of Shakspeare; if one's familiarity in youth with the existence of Juliet, and .Rosa lind, and-King Lear, and Autolycus, could be absolutely wiped out j if one were introduced, with all the, sense of novelty and wonder, to the magic world of Puck- and Ariel, to the mysterious horrors of Macbeth; and the idyllic quiet of Arden Forest. By and by, remarked the master to his attentive pupil, you will understand better what I mean when we take you to the lonely shores of Mull and the solitary coasts of Skye; and there you will learn how the ways and doings of humanity, which are the whole world to a dweller in cities, are really but a trifling and temporary accident in the history of that awful world that existed through innumerable ages without a sign of life in its empty seas and its silent lands.. "You ask me sometimes," said he, apparently addressing Yiolet, but with . his eyes fixed idly on the still waters of the lake, "why I laugh at very serious people who are desperately in earnest about their affairs. Well, I think it was those lonely hilte in the west Highlands did that for me. If you only think of it, it seems strange enough this intense preoccupation during the brief moment that one calls life—this forgetfulness of why and wherefore, and to what end. The man who has made is eighty thou sand is miserable until he makes it ninety thousand; and he works away as if he had whole series of lifetimes to fall back upon, instead of one, and that one the most puzzlingof all mysteries.' Those mountains of okye, in their awful age, silence and desolation—I wonder if. they fake any notice of the race of little creatures temporarily occupying the surface of the earth—children who take no heed of yesterday or to-morrow—they don't know where they came from; they don't know where they are going; but the" present{hour is "enough for them, and they must be desperately in oarnest over their pastimes and occupations; some strumming on drums and making a great noise in the world j. others wearing wigs and looking wise others picking up bits of metal and anxious only to say "My hoard is bigger than yours." .And then, at the end of the day, sleep comes down on the children — the gentle mother Death hushes all that strife of drums and tongues, the" quarrelling," and striving, and anxiety—and the myBtery of that strange day and its doings remains un solved. Perhaps the new day will bring more light," he added, after a pause. "Areye'goin' on, sir?" said Peter/ coming up with evident impatience in his face. " Gracious goodness, this man is as in tent on killing birds as if he hadn't a soul to he saved !" exclaimed the indo lent sportsman. "Peter, do you know you have a soul to be saved V' " I ken we hef been, here for an hour and more as j an hour," said Peter, gloomily. "You see,,he won't answer. He is , like that countryman of his who wouldn't tell a cross-examining counsel whether he was a Protestant or a Roman Catholic for fear of committing himself. All that could be got out of him was, ' I tell you, sir, I hef no bias.' And yet it is very curious," he. continued, just as if there was no hiatus in. his train of thought, " what rich people could do if only tbey were less in earnest and tried te amuse themselves. I have often thought, if I were a rich man, I should like to stand at Temple Bar with a thousand sove reigns in a bag, and give one to each person who passed, irrespective of his ap pearance. Mind you, you could confer a great deal of happiness that way, for even those who were themselves rich would feel a comfortable sensation in getting an unexpected sovereign—they would get a little glow of satisfaction just as if they had drunk a glass of dry sherry before Bitting down to dinner——" "Are ye goin' on, sir?" again asked the impatient Peter. " YeB/ I am goin' on, Peter, but not with the shooting—not at present. Why, your head is as full of the shooting—you remind me of the Highland boatman who took out a celebrated traveller in his boat for an evening's' fishing; and when he was asked afterwards what bethought of the great man, he said, with great bitter ness, ' Ay, has he trafdled much 1 Well, there iss no appearance of it; for 1 wass thinking he would-speak-of killing and I fighting the lions and teegers; but it waBs nothing but the feBhen and the. feshen he will speak of, and there was nothing in his head but the feshen and the feshen, and any one knows about the feBhen.' But, if we must go we must. You girls muBt put back those things in the basket, and give it to the boy. Amy, when , you have . reported yourself at home, go down to John Maclean and tell him; we ahall want his boat to- night. Take a brace of birds apiece. Good bye!" ' " Any more orders, please, sir 1" asked Violet, meekly. "Goaway, and don't be impertinent to people older than youraeif," said the apoitsman, aa he alioqlderedhia gun. and. setoff. ' , Now that afternoon, whether it was that he considered something due to the 12th, or whether it was that he wished to provide the small household with game sufficient to give him two or three days' idleness, Mr. Drummond went ! seriously and diligently to work; and by dint of firing a geat many timeB, whether the birds rose wildly or not, he managed to make a bag which even satisfied Feter. As they walked home, indeed, in the evening, Peter was quite cheerful and loquacious—in his grim fashion, that is : to say, for in his most mirthful moments he spoke in a discontented, querulous tone, as if he dared not admit to himBelf that he had nothing to grumble about. And on this occasion his unwonted levity took the form of telling stories about a relative of his, one John Mac Farlane, who was keeper to Mr. Maclean, of Carn-Sloe; and the aim of those stories, so far as could be made out, was 'to show that John MacFarlane was a stupid man who Baid and did ridiculous things, but that all the same John Mac •Farlane was more than a match for the English, who were more stupid still. " Ay," said Peter, " there wass a ferry cleffer Englishman, and he will know all about the stones and the rocks, and he will say to John, 'John, you belief in your Bible, and you belief that all the people that hef lived in the world will rise again on the last day and John, he will say, 'Yes, sir, I belief that.' And the Englishman, he will say, 'Now, John, I will tell you something; and it is tins, that if the whole world wass made 'of phosphates, there would not be enough of phosphates to make bones for all those people ; and what do you say to that, John V And John, he will not wait long for his answer. 'Well, sir,' this wass what John will say, ' the Bible will tell us that them that are dead in the Lord will rise first; and I am sure there will he plenty of phosphates for them; and as for the wicked people, I do not care if they hef not a leg to stand on.' And it wass a ferry good answer to gif to the Englishman." " It was a very good answer, but it is a very wicked story, Peter." ■ "There wass another Btory," continued Peter, with a twinkle in his eye, but the .same grumbling tone in his voice, " ferry wicked; but many's the time I will hef a laugh at that story. That was about two men in a boat, and the night it was so black they could not find their way into the harbor at all, and the wind it wass blowing ferry hard. And the one he sajsto the other,' Duncan, you must gif a prayer now, er we will nefifer get into the harbor at all.' And Duncan he says ' I canna do it; you maun do it your self, Donald.' And Donald, he will say, ' Tarn you, Duncan, if you do not gif a prayer, we will be trooned as sure as death, for I can see nothing but black ness.' And bo it was that Duncan will stay in the stern of the boat, and he will kneel down, and he will say, ' O, Lord, ' itiss fifteen years sincelhef asked you for; anything, but it will be another fifteen years before I will ask you for anything more, if you will tek the boat into the harbor. And then, sure enough, at this moment there was a great sound of the boat going on the beach, and Donald, that wass up at the. bow, he will cry out,' Stop, Duncan, do not pray any more; do not be beholden to any body, bekass the boat's ashore already. V "It seems to me, Peter," said his companion, slowly, " that there is a great deal of latent villany about you." ""What, sir!" " You are a jiber and a jeerer at solemn things." " Indeed I am not, sir," said Peter, indignantly. "A story iss only a story, and you will get a laugh from it; and the man who iss afrait of a story iss a foolish man, whether he iss an Englishman or whether he is not an Englishman." " In my country they don't understand joking about such things, Peter." " Kott pless me, sir, in your country I am not sure that they will understand anything," said Peter, coolly. This general proposition Peter pro ceeded to justify by quoting instances of extraordinary ignorance on the part of English people whom he had met— people who did not know the difference between a sea-trout and a grilse, who called a loch a lock, and wore kid gloves when they went out shooting Mr. Drum mond listened with great patience and in silence, apparently deeply-ashamed of his country and countrymen. And now, as they trudged along the solitary road, they got down into the valleys; and though there was a wooded hill on their left that shut off the sea, they saw by the great blaze of crimson over the dark line of the trees that the sun was setting in the west; while in the wide and Bilent hollow before them, over the cold greens of the marsh, a pale white mist was beginning to gather. Suddenly, however, they got out of this pale and cold valley, and were confronted by all the bewildering colors of the sunset over the sea. Along the western skies lay a Bultry and dusky redness—a confused mist of colored light; and the mountains of Mull and of Morvey, rising into it were of a beautiful reddish purple, and seemingly transparent. Out there the long green islands were growing dark over the silver grey ft the sea —a Bilver-grey broken by olive-green splashes as the water lapped round the rocks; but further out still the sea was a smooth plain of crimson, bewildering to the eye, and causing one long neck of land to look as black as jet. They were in the land of gorgeous sunsetB; and the stranger had not as yet become familiar with such splendid exhibitions of color. It was with a dumb regret that he had to turn away from the shore again, and take to the hills, though now the warm red light was shining across the slopes of heather and bracken. The small white house on the high knoll gave him a kindly welcome. A pair of swallows were flying about the gables. A tiny terrier wagged her tail as he approached. There was a soent of meadow-sweet in the evening air. Three brace of grouse, three hares, a rabbit, a brace of snipe, a black-cook (Bhot by misadventure, and carefully hidden away at the foot of the game bag .by the unscrupulous Peter), and a land rail; this wm the spoil whtyh the mighty hunter had brought home, and which ho stoutly contended was all that a man could get off that piece o! ground in a single day. Nevertheless there was a fierce war of words during that evening meal at Castle Bandbox; and proposals to call in Peter to give testimony as to the number of misses. The hunter treated these suspicions with scon). Greater peace prevailed when the small household came out again into the cool evenirg—indeed, they wore struck silent by the transformation that had come over the world. All round the horizon the great mountains were black as night; over them was the smooth and lambent expanse of the sky, with the full orb of the moon glowing in its mellow light; far away, in the east, over the black range of the hills, a planot burned clear in the blue. Then the moonlight fell ou the furze and brackena near them, touching them with a soft grey; while along the slopes of the mountains behind them, where there were strips of cultivated land, it lit up those small patches of com almost to a silver whiteness among the ebony-black shadows of the overhauling recks. There was not a cloud in the clear dark heavens, nor a murmur from the far expanse of the sea. They went away dow >uuio, an ! got out a email rowing-boat, and ro^ed away from the laud. It ti girls who pulled; and »VHU4 oi rue oars was the only sound to be heard in the stillness of the night; for even a certain loquacious philosopher did not chooee to break the mystio silence that reigned over the world. The rocky shores they had left behind became blacker and blacker; the pointa of orange fire that fold of distant cottages became smaller and smaller; the white moonlight glittered on tbo wet blades of the oars. Mull and Morven were awful in their gloom, where the great mountains seemed to be alone with the stars. " What a dreadful thing it would be," Violet said, letting her oar rest for a minute, " to go up one of those moun tains at night, all by yourself—you would imagine every sound was some thing horrible—" " Now Violet, that is all founded on a common mistake," said another vo'ce. " Just think what you would do if you were a ghost. Tou wouldn't go away into lonely places, where you could see nothing, of a cold night, and prowl about there. Wouldn't you rather take a nice warm forenoon, and sit invisible on a stile, and see the country-folks drive by to market in the brisk sunshine 1 I do believe that ghosts are frisky fellows, and wouldn't frighten you for the world. Often, when I am passing a wood, I wonder whether any of them are sitting on the fence, having a quiethob-nob among themselves, and perhaps laughing at the way you walk. Of course, if ghosts could plague people by appearing at night, they ought always to plague rich people. The night is the day of the poor; then they have every thing redressed and made right, hi their dreams. A rich man in actual life oan't enjoy himself half so much as a poor man who dreams he is rioh, or a neglected man who dreams ho is fumous, it a sickly man who dreams he : 11 ta. But do you know who musi happiest dreams in the . ..!u. Nobody did know. "A dog. They are full of life and action, without remorse. And were you ever asked a conundrum in a dream, the answer to whioh it cost you a desperate effort to make out; although of course the one side of your brain that made the conundrum must have known the. answer all along ? In going to sleep, too, haven't you had a clear and delightful conscious* ness that your perceptions and fancies were growing quite the reverse of clear— the confusion meaning the approach of the sleep you are waiting for ? Then there is another—Gracious goodness, \- what's that!" - He had been interrupted by a loud splash, apparently proceeding from a rock some forty or fifty years off. " It must have been a seal," said he ; and thereupon he began to tell his com* panions an exciting story of an elderly | and near-sighted gentleman who coma back to hia hotel one day complainng.that he had fired three bullets at a aapr.but missed him each time; and of a negro who came running in to declare, in wrath and indignation, that, while bathing, ho had been fired at three- times from the shore and had hia ear cut off. Everybody knew that that true legend was about three minutes old. By and by they set off again for the shore, and when they had put up Mr. Maclean's boat, they proceeded'to walk away up into the hills, where the moon* light was shining coldly on the atone wall^ the furze-bushes and the scattered patches of corn. The voices of two young girls broke the silence of the night, singing an old school-song they had often sung to* gether. Then they bade farewell to tha magic world of moolit sea, and moun* tains, and Bky; and a peaceful, beautiful and memorable day came to a welcome end ! If one's life oould all he made up of such! [2b Be continual] 