NEWS AND NOTES. The Journal d» Paris coutains a letter giving the following particulars of the atrocities . committed ou the occasion of the funeral o! Rauirasi, King of Ouuyoro, in Central Africa. An immense grave or pft capable of holding several hundred people lisd been dug, at the bottom of which the wives of the defunct hang had. been placed in the form of a ring, to be in readiness to receive upon their knees the corpse of their late tyrauuical aud barbarous master. Sevcial regiments lof the royal guard had been sent on the proceeding night to sileutiy surround some of the neighbouring villages- The iirst human being, be it man, woman, or child, that made its exit from the surrounding huts was fonablv seized and carried oft, aud captives entrapped in this manner conducted towards the pic prepared for the fun end. Here theu commenced the most horrible scene. The limbs of these poor creatures, arms aud legs, were broken by the soldiers. The lamentations and cries of despair of the victims intermingled with the shouting of the fanatical crowd, aud one by one they were thrown into the gaping gulf below. Then commenced the beating of drums, the flourish of trumpets, the piercing sound of the whistle and pipe, which, together with the violent vociferations of tile, crowd, drowned the cries of the victims. The soil dug out of the pit the previms daywas then tiirownback into themonsterg-^ve. The fanatical spectators of the dismal drami, 'as soon as it was tilled up, coinmenced to dance -upon tlu: summit of the grave, stamping the soil down with all their might, so as to form a hard compact layer above those buried alive, All the lamentations having ceased, nothing was left to indicate the ceremony' of the abominable sepulture : the noise of the instruments had ceased al.^o, and the assembled crowd retired, satisfied with themselves, and admiring the greatness of the king whose name demanded such sacrifices. A challenge to the spiritualists is thrown out in the correspondence columns of the Bendigo AHvcrtiser. The letter is as follows :—" My mind has been considerably exercised, of late with reference to the spiritual manifestation of the cauliflower on the occasion of the recent visit of Mrs P. to this city. It struck ine as being rather peculiar that while on a former occasion some ornaments were brought— if I remember rightly—from ier own residence at Castleuiaine, so on the last occasion an article was brought from a house in which she was at £he time a guest. If t3ie cauliflower were brought by spiritual agency, there can be no doubt that the chairman was right in describing the conveyor of the vegetable as a low spirit. Perhaps it was the ghost of a defunct Chinaman, Those soulstiU hankered after 'wedgeairtes.' It was a queer object to "present to any assembly, but what can one expect from 'k. 'Łeithen Chinee S' .Like niany others, I consider the case by no means settled in favour of spirit agency. To .place the matter beyond doubt or question, allow.' me, through the edium of your journal, to challenge the piritists of Sandhurst., I will undertake o place in your offices any object you may select—cauliflower, workbox, or ornament, and deposit in your hands a sum of tuoŁey, say £o or £10. If the article be emoved by other Aan human agency, .1 ill at once admit Siat't le case is proved, aiid will authorise you 11 .hand over, the money to the lcical cTu'rlties ; but if, after the lapse of a reasonable time, it iś found that the so-called spiritual agencies are unable to convey it away, then let the believers in spiritualism hand over an equal amount to the treasurers of the hospital and asylum.—I ani,' Sir, yours truly—A B." ' The Ilushworfch correspondent of the Biverine Ewald writes It may not. be uninteresting to your readers to leam that JIre Thompson, about whom there has been iso inucli excitement in connection', with .the . Hawthorn mystepr, ; left Runnyinede ,ori Saturday for E-ushworth, lier brother having accompanied lier-from Sandhurst. She proceeded to ihe-house of her brother in Bushworth, where she -will meet her father and iflier relatives, -wio will no doubt deeply synipathuie with her "rnher sadjafflic&on-; Itiavdlediaflic coach with her. to Buahworth, and fuund her to be a most intelligent lady, but smwulariy sensitive-tShe expressedgmat regret at the anxiety she lias caused by acting ón inipd^e^lbut r tliink shfe. has < & ludicrous" incident in connexion witii the Hawthorn my8terj ; ^ oconred OD , the wifo^ltóo rasjd&wt; ^Wrin. .sflSjWi: EigoSĄon to J^H 41 ! A Pulsem an eKpef'iciioCd a very n ••"Scai'e - . fruiu lIutu deiih w on the ^ » railway•&» Bathurst, .\cw?.iuth Wsles, As "" he ' " wa5 . the 17 ' crossing the lir.v lie suddculy ' - becMnr aware that so «i«.i".o sod som,- tracks were ui close proxmuly to hiui. His' horse becam frighten-*! and refu e to procteed, and the rider thought it advisable to dismount, as the train was very near at hsuivL he did so, and thought himself out of danger, he saw the engine run into his horse, smashing one of tbe animal's hind legs in sucha frightful manner that the poor creature had to be destroyed. 