I AFFECTION AND SAGACITY OP| AN ELEPHANT. I There have been many incidents related of the love manifested towards each other by the brute creation, but none more strik ing and illustrative of that love than one that occurred on June 2, 1S78, under the canvas of Messrs. Bailey and Co.'s circus, G^Jesburgh. Illinois. All. those who visited lae show or witnessed the street parade wiil remember the huge old elephant Betsy, that marched with a venerable tread through the streets and around the ring. Betsy is supposed to be at least seventy-five years old. and for sixteen years has been in this countrv. She was brought from Eng land, and with her came a dog, a cross be tween nn English setter and a spaniel, and for these sixteen years the dog and the ele phant have been inseparable. Through every State ia the Union, by rail and on foot, these two fast friends hare travelled, and in sickness and in health they have been all in all to each other- At Knoxville, Iowa, the dog, a few days since, was acci dentally run over by one of the waggons, and one of his legs broken. The elephant appeared to sympathise with the dog in dis tress, and was only satisfied when the doa i was in sieht, where she could fondle it with I I her trunk, and caress it. "Yesterday after-1 noon poor Carlo was compelled to pay the debt of nature. His asre was too great, bis years too ' many, to allow of his recovery, and in the presence of his long-tried ele phantine friend, he yielded up the ghost. The elephant appeared to realise that her pet was dead, and groaned in a really affect [ ing manner. The canvasman of the show took the dead carcase and carefully sewed it in canvas, and a grave was dug near the ring. At 5 o'clock a funeral procession was formed; first came Betsy carrying the dead dog tenderly in her trunk, followed by the four other elephants, all seeming to realise that they were about to deposit in the earth a long-tried friend. Following the elephants were all the men connected with the show. The band played a dirge, and after inarching twice around the ring Betsy carefully de posited the dead Carlo in the grave, and the five elephants knelt, while Betsy, with her trunk, filled the grave with earth, and the last word* -were spoken. During the entire evening Betsy seemed mourning for ihe dog, and when asked where Carlo was, she would rai^e her ears and give utterance to a mournful sound, proving that she felt the pain of parting. During the grand march at the commencement of the" evening's per formance Betsy, as she came to the grave, stoppecL aJHj with her trunk pulled up the stake that had been placed at the head of the grave and threw it a.vay. Charles Warner, better known in show circles as " Alligator Charlie," who has had charge of the elephants for years, relates many incidents of the dog and elephant, proving their love for each other. He says that jofien when the elephant would refuse to1 cross a bridge all that was necessary for him to do was to take the dog across, pinch his ears so as to make him howl, and the ele phant would at once rush to his assistance. The scene at the funeral was very affecting, and will long be remembered by all who witnessed it. The whole affair proves that elephants, as well as human beings, are capable of sorrowful feelings.—Illinois lie , publican Register. The chief of t>um-Kug&—'The wos<ju5t«. Business circles—The wheels of trade. A census of flies has been taken at New York. The following is the return of the fly papers: 2-5,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000 full grown flies, exclusive of ancient chief tains, pappooses. and squaws. Maid (before the party): " Shall you wear your white muslin to-night, ma'am ?" Mistress: " Yes. Jane." Maid: " Then I'll wear my blue silk, as I don't want to clash I" An Anomaly.—It is a peculiar thing that a man who wiil not be pleased with any thing is, after all, the most contented person in existence, for, you see, nothing satisfies him. "Great Expectations."—Tom (to Jack, who has just received a letter)—" You look precious down old man! Nothing- wrong, is there, with the rich old aunt who's been so bad ? I hope she's not worse." Jack— "N-o-o—she's better!" 