THE NORTHERN MAILS. TO THE EDITOR. I am, Sir, &c.;, on behalf of several inhabitants of Bllnman, W. S. CARTER, Wesleyan Minister. Sir—Mr. Terry, mail contractor, says that my telegram appearing in your issue of the 26th ult, is untrue, Perhaps, since Mr. Terry courts fuller disclosures, he will find that "truth is stranger than notion." I admit I was slightly mlainformed. The hone referred tQ was not litarally held ap to be barnessed. Bat will you allow me to state the following faets, *hbh it wonld be impossible to eompress into an ordi nary telegram :—First, let me say that so one ooold possibly be aooased of falsehood whoxoay say 6f any horse that has been driven Into thta township with Terry's mail for ta* last Mm months that it U " knooked op." Then wia? 1 refanue to the horse in question, whioh ap. \ pears from Mr. Terry's statement to have been lo such "fair condition," that one wonders why Us pasaengera have to walk a great part of the way, and that the mall is always behJsd^e j oontnet time from 12 to 36 hoars. I now assert, 1 and loan prove my assertion by numerous wit. neasea, it had to be lifted op in the stable before it wm hamessed, and, staggering off! with tha maU, it dropped exhausted tii the street only a few yards from the Poat-Offioe. ! After inhuman orofilty being beatowed on ft by S? &*** flfcjrottot si^Wholde?t, tato hor*e: 'In fair, condition" was set. on its legs by , about a dozen persons, and fiogied, pushed,' sod dragged for about half a mile from the township, where it feUnaver to rise again. Itlay there on the roadside for over two days, groaning plteously, shooklng the feelings of pasaen-by, and every grosa ??iT?l?fli?ig them of Terry's mis management and abominable cruelty. Itdledof starvation, overwork, aad' aegleot; and aow, ' wUI Mr. Terry deny that became of this bis. drir?T has been summoned to appear as our LoealOowt for oruelty in the above oase? But, p?haps Mr. Tarry and his man make adiatino tlonas towhloh horse of the pair IsspeoUny referred to. Well, I did net happen then to know ?he name of the poor nnfortaoate brnte, but-aow I know, aad for fear of mlstaka let me tell it-It was WarrigaL And if the ghost of warrigal oqnld anaage with the shades of others of hb sW&amed; oat of exlstenoe by tiw same means, to pay Mr. Terry nightly visits, I do not envy him the aamber of * nightmans I'' aadnighfhones he would be afflwted with. I ahoald like to ask if the goard really did give auoh a favorable report of the horses aad of their fitness for work as Mr. Terry would have as believe! If so, that may explain the fact, ttat although the inhabitant.[have ao fre quently protested againtt the disgnoafal way in whtohthe mail contract is being carried out, yet we have as yet obtained ao rad'asa. Bat our motto la, "try again," and we are trying •gain. 