SOUTIIBIIN NEWS. (From the Merrarv.) The competition between first-class boats for tbe prize of X5 offered by the Derwont Snilinit Club came off on Saturday afternoon. Tbe boat* were :— Niiihtiiiare, J. Turner Corsair, Wrieht Brothers ; F.cetwing, Atkins. The time flxe.l for the start was half-post two, but it was three o'clock be fore the boats got away, a strung southerly wind blowing. The Corsalrand the Ki«ht marc went away with the lead, but the Flcctwing very soon pastied them ; the foriairfollowcjher up, but, before reach ing tbe flrnt buoy, gave Up( i))e contest being thus left to the other two boita. Jtuniilng hark the Niehunarc gained sligbtly on the t'leelwiiij;, and reduced the distant between them a little more going ilown. A t the last buoy the Flcelwiug was 15U yarda ahead, aud having got ruund well, she gut the wind and was carried in ; but the Night mare wua becalmed, anj lost all chance of wintifag. The race was flntalied by tireuty minutes past five. A walking match took place on Saturday afternoon on the New Town Road between the 3rd anil 4th mile atone, between Hessra Meat anil It. Young The d atancc ™ thrrr miles. Deal started off with a lead of nix or seven yards, and although Young made several game efforts to come up with him, yet he never diminished the gap, and gave up about atbirdof a mile from the goal, Uest finishing fresh. Young aUtcd that he was stize(t with jramp in oue of hia legs soon after the start. The attendance at the Mormon nervict hehlin the CUfcllows' Hall ou Sunday aflernnon numbered about 250 pcrnonx. The discourse of Mr Swan .liacloacd no new biihJL'ct, but consisted principal! ** of a repetition of his Ideas an to Ihe doom which, he said, awaited themlnlstrrsof the Christian Church fur their so-called disregard uf the ordiuances of the early church. 'I lie mode in which bapllam was administered by these ininlaterB.the npeaker Baid, was a mockery, juoaDiucb ob it ahould be performed when the recipient had become of age, and then no! merely by sprinkling witb water, but by tolal Immersion. Tbo argument of the Christian pastors not being inspired was re newed, the iniaaionary atating that they had no authority lobaptlBC In the name of the Father, the Sou, and the Holy Ghost. The conclusion wst also much of the same character as in previom Addresses, the speaker warning his audience of wrath to conic, and urging tlem to accept the crpiiu?Ht boon that could be off r-red to Iticta, viz., eternal life, as he would lead them to It is seldom that such a display of jewel lery and hrllllanU Is to he seen in Ilobart Town ai baB for some days past been eihibitcd in the windows of Mr Charles Gaylor, Uverpool-street. fn one smsll case wcrcsix ringB valued at £700. in one a little larger articles to the value of upwards of £2000 were shown. A packet of brooches, neslciacea, earrings, etc.. ia worth £4U0(l. and these form but a portion of the articles which belong to a gentleman from India now here en route for F.ngland, whose tattc in well as wealth is shown In the collection. A couple of wagon loads of returned hop pickers, prctentiug a most motley group, drew up iu front of the Rock Motel on Satur day evening, where for a time they were ' the obierved of all observers,' the drays loaded with butnan beings all gesticulating and chattering, and surrounded by s noisy crowd, reminding one of the scenes that used to be vpfy common among our * Ictorjsn neighbors when wagons were the ' Btuuip' from which worthy politicians used to harangue the crowds. The proposal of the committee to patch ud tbe Waterworks by lartnir down a Gin main near the 10 tnch main, lor tho supply of tbe high levels, has come to an abrupt and unexpected end. At' the meeting of the City Council on the 3rd. Inat., Alderman Brownill raised the objection whether tho motion Involving tbe expen diture of over £1600 for the new works could bo put, Inasmuch as mch expenditure was not included In the estimates for the year. The rest of thealdermen did not con sider the point ol much moment, but the Mayor took time tooomlder It, aud on Mon day annonnoed, on the authority of counsel's opinion, that Tie could not put the notion, for tbe reason stated In the objection. The whole scheme, therefore, falls to tbe ground for this year. Sidney Smith tells of a maid who used to boll the -eggs very w«ll by her master's watch t but one day be could not lend U to her because It was under repair, so she took the time from the kitchen clock, and the eggs rsune up nearly raw. «? Why didn't joa take three minutes from the clock, as yon do f r*« the -waut, Maryr' 'Well, sir, I thought that would be too much, u the hands are so much larger.' 