THE MYSTEEIES OF CHIME; OB, THE ExPEEBElsGES OF AN EDntBUBGH Detectite. — JNb. XIX. [Published by special arrangement with the Author.] THE STORY OF A BULLET. I am about to give one of the most sin gular cases of long-cherished revenge that ever came under my notice. Hastily glanced at there may appear a kind of blind justice about the vicious passion as here displayed, but this completely vanishes when the whole is tested by the higher rules of life and religion. No wrongs how ever great, or oaths however solemn, can justify deliberate murder. To rob a fellow man of his life seems to me the most hor rible crime that ever stained this fair earth of ours, and one for which the severest penalty ever inflicted yalls far short of atonement. As the details of the case are a little in volved, I must request the reader's patience while I try to make as clear as possible the intricacies which, at the time, caused me so much floundering and vain groping. One fine evening in September, Tom Prowl, principal gamekeeper on the B ? estate, leisurely took bis way out of the east end of the notable little town of D- ? , about six miles from Edinburgh. He was a great, powerful man, not ill-looking, and a iittle tinder thirty, and he had a reputa tion for a savage ferocity and recklessness in dealing with poachers that kept his em ployer's grounds more free of these marau ders than if he had employed a dozen watchmen. He was a cruel, unflinching, tread of a giant ; but I may at once let out the secret of his great efficiency — he him self, ten years before, had been one of the most daring poachers infesting the district. There was even a dark cloud on his name, which old poachers would only allude to with ominous shakes of the head; but since he had been away in America for more than seven years, the rumor had died out and been forgotten. Forgotten, did I say ? Well, it was, by all but one. Cer tainly, if these old poachers could have substantiated the rumor :by proving that Prowl was the murderer of old Malcolm, the gamekeeper, they would gladly have done so, if only to get rid of the brute. But they could not, and were careful to remain silent, while outsiders, set the whole report down as false. It may seem strange that a poacher, and one with such a reputation, should through time be accepted and retained as a game Keeper ; yet it is not more so tnan tnat a thief should become one of the most in veterate and desperate hunters of thieves that ever trod Edinburgh streets — as I may show before long. Just outside the town, there was at this time a narrow footpath running across a couple of fields into a farm-road at the other side, and up this path Tom Prowl, carrying gun and game-bag, turned at an easy pace on the evening of which I speak. Sunset was just deepening into gloaming, and his feet rustled noisily among the thick beds of fallen leaves; but a rustle of a different kind made him start and look forward Jbefore he was half-way through. It was only a young, blythesbme- looking servant lassie tripping' along -towards him, but he smiled as he recognised her; and, in spite of her efforts to brush past with a nod, detained her by placing his gun longways across the narrow path/ -r, : 'Are you in a great hurry, Bella?' he .asked, with a grin at her disappointment. 'Yes, I am.' - . The words were shortly spoken, and she made a tug at the gun ; but she might as well have attempted to bend one of the great tree branches. ' I didn't expect to meet such a bonnie face,' he continued, taking no notice of her efforts, and putting on -a flattering smile. ' jNTor I such an ugly one,' she smartly rejoined, with another tug- at the gun barring the way. : (: -.'? \ fil don't know,', he viciously returned; 'I think my face is better than Joe Mal cplm's, and I'll swear you're going to meet him now.' The thrust went home, for the girl's face crimsoned to the very roots of the hair. .'You have no business with me nor where I'm going,' she said at last, starting back with tears of vexation in her eyes. 'No, that's true,' he coolly returned; 'only I can't help wondering what you see in the fellow to admire. He's only a quiet sumph of a gardener. If he had been a gamekeeper; like his — his father, it would have been a very different thing.' 'Oh, I hate gamekeepers,' emphatically rejoined the girl ; ' I hate them from the very bottom of my heart; and you the worst of them all.' ' 'Ah, but you might get over that,' he pursued, with a savage laugh. 'I'm a gamekeeper, and well off — settled for life on tllfi liASt. estfl+A in t.Tifi T-ntKisms ? «m-1 T intend to take a wife soon.' 'Do you? — then I pity her,' was the dauntless reply. 'Indeed! Why?' ' Because you're a brute, and if she gives you a cross word you'll shoot her as readily as you would a hare or a patrick.' He dropped the gun now and seized her wrist, glaring searchingly into her face, with his own livid to the ears. 'What do you mean by that?' he hoarsely gasped. 'Speak it out, or Til throttle you on the spot !' ' I mean what I say — ' you're too good at shooting,' fearlessly returned the girl. 'I wouldn't be your wife for all the world, with all the stars into the bargain.' 'Did'you not inean'it for a hint at old Maleolm's death ?' he suspiciously pursued. ' Out£with it now'; when you're so fond of the son, you'll doubtless believe all the lies he tells about his father's death.' ' Joe never mentions his father's name,' proudly returned the girl, with a clear, flashing look into the gamekeeper's face. 'But I am sure he thinks of him— dreams of -him. If the murderer was ever found out, I'm sure he would have a bad chance, for Joe, quiet as you think him, would hunt him through the world.' Tom Prowl slackened his hold of the wrist, and allowed the dark scowl on his face to merge into a grin of contempt. ' i dare say he would ; but there being no murderer in the case lie has to hold his hand,' he sneered in reply. 'But watch your words, or you may get both him and yourself into trouble. And try to think over what I've said about taking a wife, Bella ; for if I do, it shall be you and no other.' ' Me !' echoed the girl, with the greatest disgust and aversion written on her face. ' jno ! l wouia sooner ]ump into tne ooutn Esk after a heavy spate.' ' Well, please yourself,' darkly rejoined the gamekeeper. 'You'll shake hands anyhow ?' ' No, I won't do that either. Go your ways, and let me go mine. Something tells me, Tom Prowl, that you're a bad man at heart, whether you've done all that people say or not, and that is enough to make me shun you.' ' You won't ?' he cried, blazing up into a passion, and again seizing her wrist, and nearly crushing it' to splinters in his strong grasp. ' Then I'll tell you what you shall do — you shall. Jet me kiss you, and then you can tell Joe Malcolm who has been at your lips before him,' and with a whirl he had her in his arms. But he had entirely miscalculated the energy of the girl. In an instant her ten fingers were flashed across his face with all the strength that she could command, leaving ten red weals in the track of the sharp nails, setting herself free from the hated grasp, and converting him in appear ance to a Dogribbed Indian in the full bloom of war paint. ' You'll not try it again, I think,' she cried, as she turned and flew from the spot. 'Take care,' shouted the ruffian after her, for the moment completely off his guard, and reckless with passion. ' Take care, Bella M'Kenzie, or I- may do to Joe what I did to his father.' But Bella only turned round with a ringing laugh, and snapped her fingers in his face, little knowing how his fingers twitched at the lock of his gun, or what a devil's fire had flamed up in his heart, cheerily pursuing her way to a certain walk by the river-side, where she was to meet her lover, but not giving to the ominous words any special meaning. It was very different with her lover, for the moment that his lathers name was mentioned in her account of the meeting with Prowl, she saw his hand go to his breast with a wild clutch that she had noted and wondered over many a time before. The gesture was so peculiar, and her womanly curiosity so active, that she stopped in the middle of her story to get at the reason. 'How is it, Joe, that whenever I speak of your father, or even mention his name, you always put your hand in your breast, as if feeling for something ?' ' Don't ask me, Bella,' was the agitated reply. ' Only believe me that it is a trust so sacred that to remember it I would even sacrifice my love for you.' ' I know what it is,' she triumphantly put in with a merry smile. ' You do ?— impossible !' and the agita tion of her lover appeared to increase rather than diminish. 'Yes, it's a charm — a love-charm, I think — that you wear hanging from your neck by that black ribbon inside your clothes. Do tell me, Joe, like a dear good fellow, what it's like. I know it's round — for Tve felt it against your breast — and fcard, just like a bullet.' There was a long silence, and Bella won dered why her lover's face looked so white thrciigh the darkness. '?Oh, Joe, don't look like that !' she cried, with the tears springing into her eyes. ' And if I have said anything to offend you, forgive me, for I meant no m.' : 'Forgive you?' he huskily echoed. 'No, Bella, I have nothing to forgive. But don't trouble your little head abon^ my love-charm, as you call it, but tell meT what else Prowl said.' - ' Oh, there was very little more. I told him I thought he was no better than he was called, and then he tried to bully me into saying I was hinting at the killing of your father among the poachers. Then I told him I could never be his wife, and that I wouldn't even shake hands with him; when he flew up in a passion and said he would kiss me, and then let me. tell you.' ??- ? ?:. ' ?- -: 'And did he do it ?' slowly put in Joe Malcolm. ' Do it ? no, nor twenty men of his size if I said nay,' was the dauntless answer, 'I. scratched his face with all my might, both hands, and got off, leaving him curs ing. Oh, by-the-bye, yes— he said as I ran off — « Take care, Bella McKenzie, or I may do for Joe what I did for his father.' 'Ha! did he say that?' There was a mighty change, indeed, as these words came forth. The whole aspect of the quiet young gardener was altered, his eyes lighted up with a fire she had never seen there before, and the wrench at her hand, made in the excitement of the moment, was scarcely less violent than that of the ruffianly gamekeeper. 'Joe, you frighten me,' cried Bella, without answering his question. ' And you have only nerved me,' was the excited reply. 'Oh, Bella, speak as if you stood in actual judgment before your Maker, for a terrible fate depends upon your answer — did Tom Prowl use these very words, and no others that you might have taken up wrongly ?' ; 'He used these very words; but, dear Joe, they didn't frighten me a bit. Why,I^ turned round and laughed in his face, and snapped my fingers like that, for I know what a brave noble heart you have, though people think you quiet, and that you could stand your ground against twenty such bullies as he.' ' Then, the time has come !' softly ejacu lated her lover, raising his hands towards heaven and looking reverently upwards; 'what I have dreamt of, hunted for, and even prayed for all these years, is at last placed in my grasp !' But softly as the words were spoken, they caught the quick ear of Bella McKen zie, and nearly petrified her with terror. ' Joe ! Joe !' she almost screamed, ' you would not pick up a quarrel with the brute ? Oh, promise me that you will not fight.' 'I promise you that I will neither quarrel with him nor fight him — he does not deserve it,' returned Joe, with a wild gleam in his eye that made her shudder instinctively, and then in a passionate burst he cried, 'No ! the Bihle says, * Blood for blood,' and my oath to my father was sworn on that very passage.' 'Joe, Joe! you're surely mad?' cried the frightened girl, shaking Tiitti by the arm to try and rouse him: 'what is it makes your eyes glare so terribly ; and why do you speak about ' blood ?' It makes me shudder to hear you.' . The wild entreaty appeared to soften him at once, for he took her face in his hands and kissed her forehead three times, with his own eyes glistening with tears, and a look of agony and grief on hij face that be trayed a great inward struggle. 'You, too, must suffer with me,' he almost groaned,' but such an oath can. -*f never be broken.' 'Don't say another word about it,' fear fully returned the girl, playfully putting her hand over his mouth and stopping his utterance. 'I wish I had never men tioned Tom Prowl's name, for it seems to have turned your wits upside down. Come, Joe, like a dear fellow, speak about some thing else — about our marriage, if you like,' and she tried to smile over a beating heart. ' No, no — not of that,' was the shudder ing reply — ' anything but that !' ' Anything but that, indeed !' retorted the girl, with a pretty pout covering the keen, motherly watehfulness with which she was scanning and trying to read his face. ' I tell you what it is, Joe, if you don't rouse yourself and speak to me sensibly, I'll go away home and. never come near you again.' But the little ruse was of no avail, for Joe only shivered and kissed her again, still tearfully, and looked wearily about him, as if anxious to get home. She had never seen her lover thus moved before, and though she chatted on and ferreted out of her mind every lively subject likely to make him smile, the walk came to an end with Joe as silent and grave as ever. He bade her good-by at the usual spot, and his manner was even more affectionate than usual ; but it struck a nameless chill to her. heart, as if it was more like a dying fare well than a mere lover's parting. Did she then pursue her way homewards, content to . remain puzzled, mystified, and alarmed^ Would she have been a woman if she did? I think not. Joe strode off along the darfe *~ road and plunged down among the trees towards his home — the little cottage that was to have been hers in so short a tinie'i but he never looked behind or he couta scarcely have failed to notice that Bella was following and watching him every step. Joe kept muttering to himself, and though Bella, with all her intensity of excitement, could not hear the words or make out the subject of his thoughts, we, are more privir leged, and may here pause a moment to describe the scene that was burning in vivid light before his eyes. Just ten years before, and towards the end of October, three well-known poachers went out for a night's shooting on the estate of the gentleman whom Joe now served as gardener. One of the party was TomProwl, then scarcely twenty,butiri repu tation about as bad as bad could be^ They all carried guns and shot ; and Tom Prowl, whatever he carried on this particular night, had been heard to say, not long be fore, that for the purpose of frightening gamekeepers he always carried in his waistcoat rpocket a lead bullet, which could be slipped into a gun at a moment's notice, and which was far more effectual than all the email ^hot in the world. What after wards added confusion to the case was the ? ~j(:. fact that near that part of the ground* : chosen by these three, othernoachers weiN* : out — the woods, in fact, ringing with their guns on every side. The three poacher^ at Tom Prowl's . suggestion, with all the audacity of experienced hands, took to that part of the grounds nearest the iiduse of ' -JMildolrii, ''ifte g^helceeper, tlimkiu* tliattlie\ vigil^t nrid fman would- be far from tlie ?::-\\\\.^Mii^^^,0^\^P!^A^bei. parts of the* ' jtoi^fartabn.; iH&re;,; however, they were completely /nusiaksn; for it m\ happened 4iiat Malcolm bad been that afternoon cun tfj&edtobed;, and lie no sooner heard the i^i-imown sound of the poachers' guns than he leaped up, in spite of every remon strance, dressed hurriedly, and left the lioiise, gxm in hand. Joe was only a lad at' the time, and fast asleep in bed ; but from this sleep he was roused by his mother, candle in hand and pale ynth fright, tug ging him by 'the arm. ' *'Get up, Joe, like a good lad, she hurriedly whispered., te Your father is x-iit among the poachers, and I'm afraid there has been fight. I heard shouts, and then a shot, but. it is all still no\r, and yet he Wasn't comeback.. I. cannot sit here any longer, so : ire will go together to the Braefoot Copse and see if any thing's wrong.' Joe was out of bed, and dressed, and out in the open air almost before liis eyes were open, -with his mother running by his side,\\. with only a shawl hastily drawn over her head. They reached the copse, and then Joe made his trembling mother sit down on a fallen tree while he ran in to explore. At the darkest part of 'the copse his feet stumbled on something soft, and stooping down he feltthe form of a man, who uttered a groan as the lad tried to raise him. Something wet and clammy, which stained Joe's hands like dark paint, was oozing from the man's breast, and with a shout of grief the lad had the heavy form up in his arms and borne out towards his mother almost quicker than, he could have run alone. The dull starlight in the glade outside revealed the features of the wounded man — it was Joe's father, Malcolm, the gamekeeper. Joe remembered the scream of his mother, the wild writhing of the arms round the wounded man, and her wailing cries as she helped to bear Mm back to the cottage ; isata few moments later he was speeding like the wind down to the town for a doctor. When he returned his father was lying in lied, propped up with pillows, perfectly still, but with his eyes wide open. With some difficulty the bullet was ex tracted, and then the wound was dressed, though the medical man held out little or 110 houe of his recovery. By this tinie the Superintendent of Police and a Magistrate had arrived, and it was deemed advisable to take the gamekeeper's deposition. It was very short, and came out with a terrible torture and in faint gasps. '?' I came on three poachers in the Brae foot Copse. Their faces were blackened, and it was very dark ; but I am sure Tom Prowl was one of them. I asked them to give up their guns, but they only laughed, and then one of them suddenly felled me from behind. They ran off in different directions, but while I was getting up, a gun was fired from among the trees and I dropped and fainted away,' As soon as the document was signed, and the necessary oath made and attested, *t!ie Magistrate and Superintendent retired to take steps for the capture of the poachers ; and 4 lie doctor was about to follow when ' the wounded man, whose eyes had followed every inolion, weakly motioned towards Ihe (able, where lay the doctor's probes, vrilh the bullet he had just extracted.' '?' Father wants a drink,' said Joe, wlio was the first to notice the movement ; but Malcolm only shook his head in a decided negative, and even more energetically pointed to the bullet. 'Give — me — that!' he slowly enun ciated, and it was at once snatched up by Joe, carefully wiped and placed in his hand; nor would any persuasions induce him to give it up again to the custody of the doctor, who thought it might be required as evidence if ever the case came to trial. The doctor left at last, enjoining the utmost quiet, and the most careful nursing and watching of his patient ; and then strangely enough., Malcom insisted on his wife retir to Joe's bed in the next room, while the lad. remained up all night with him. It took much persuasion to induce the poor wife to quit his bedside ; but the effort seemed to agitate him so violently, that at length for his own sake, she consented, and retired. The father appeared to listen intently till he made sure she had retired, and then in a low whisper asked Joe to bring the little Bible from off the mantlepiece. Joe obeyed, wondering and fearful; and the old mail, half raising himself, directed him to a certain passage in Leviticus. 'Uead it out, Joe,' he gasped, 'but very softly, so that mother won't hear it.' Then Joe, in choking accents, read the following words — 'If any man cause a blemis'i in his neighbour : as he hath done, so shall it ba done to him : 'breach for breach, eya for eye, tooth for tooth. He that killeth a man ho shall be put to death.' ''That'll do Joe,' said the wounded min with his face lighted by the reading o? ilw ?words to a ghastly feroeHy. uNow tako my hand and listen to me. Til never get Letter, Joe — never in this world. I'm a murdered man, and the only uiau that ^ could have done it is Tom Prowl. Bat there's no protection or avenger for the . gamekeeper. There's some of us killed eveiy year, but when do they ever get the imirt't-rei'S hanged ? 'Wh.en'Fni gona, Joe. they'll get up a trial and all that; but it'll -mA\ bo a fuss for a while, and then eveiy o«e will be let off, and the thing forgotten. ] U» you hear ? '' *'. Yes, father — every word.' 'Gt od boy. Joe ; here's the bullet trial's Hone iliC work — take it in your hand, lad— there, you don't flinch, and there's a light in your eye that tells me you know what I \vai:t. That's the Bible you've just read — row v.vA your hand on the place. Have you cone it? for my eyes are getting lirii-V.' ' V-s. father, I've done it— only feel,' readily returned the lad, placing hauls an! !-ook hi the feeble grasp of his father. '(Jood; now listen. If my murJerei-, whoever lie may be. escapes the gallows, and you should ever get at what you think clear proof of his guilt, swear toloisre this bullet in his heart !'' ' Father, I swear!' solemnly respoti lei the boy, and, raising his hand from t;ri Ulood-stained page, lie reverently kisssd the bullet which his father had placel in his K hands. *?' And listen, Jos,' easerly whispered, the game keeper, drawing him closer. ' Tom 3'rovl has owed me a long grudge sines I l&ne.l; him and got him. taken up. I a:n certain he is the man. Watch him day and night, cany that bullet where you can not lose it, and) if ever God grants you ligM on this outrage, remember your father and your oath toliim on his death-bed.' *' Father, Ishall never forget it,' solemnly answered Joe. 'Nothing shall ever «tand between me and my oa'th/' 'Goodboy, IeahdiehappyHow. Never be a gamelfeeper, Joe. JLook after your mother, and guard that bullet a3 yon would a treasure.' 'I will, I will! but oh, father, perhaps : youH not die,' responded' the boy, bursting irito tears. 'It is surely not - so -bad a* ' that?' 'It is, Joe; but I am happj? !' faintly gasped the linking man : and then,, in the effort to strain the boy to his breast, he brought on such a relapse that Joe was glad to scream for his mother to try to bring him back to life and sense. But Malcolm had been a true prophet in more things than one, . and his hours at j that moment were numbered. He lingered on till the afternoon of the next day, and then quietly breathed his last, after pressing Joe's hand and giving him a look that haunted him during all the after years. The gamekeeper's prediction regarding the trial and its results were fulfilled to the letter. The three poachers were- duly arrested, but, ^though they were kept in separate cells and plied in every imaginable, way, none of them could say that he saw the shot fired. At last two were discharged on bail, while Prowl was committed pend ing fui'tlierT investigation. But even this case broke down ; and while one of the poachers got three months' imprisonment for assault — knocking down Malcolm before the fatal shot was fired — Tom Prowl, about whose guilt few had a doubt, after paying a heavy fine for simple poaching, walked out of Court a free man ! ? I may now bring the reader back to Jo8 where we left him, striding through dead leaves and towering trees with the above incidents blazing before his eyes and dulling his senses to the rustling of the watchful Bella as she fluttered along in his wake. I would wrong this spirited and intelligent girl much if I did not say that mere curi osity held but a minor place in the prompt ings to her present course — it was love, strong, fixed, and deep, that chiefly sent her flitting in the wake of her sweetheart. Neither had she yet any idea of the danger that she thought to avert — that knowledge was to come, and veiy quickly. Joe entered the cottage without once looking in her direction, and presently she saw a light in his own room. All the other windows were dark, and no one else ap peared to be stirring within — the old body who now acted as Joe's housekeeper having been in bed two hours before. Bella crept close to the twinkling light, and then found that in his exitement Jos had quite forgotten to close the shutters. His movements about the room were so strange that, with a fascination quite be yond her power to resist, she crept closer and closer, till her white face almost touched 'the window panes. Inside she saw Joe kneel before a heavy trunk, put the key in the lock, and then, apparently overcome with emotion, sink his face on his hands* shaking from head to foot, as if wrestling in prayer. He got calm after a moment or two, opened the trunk, and took out very deliberately, first a double-barrelled gun, and then a little pocket Bible. The gun he propped in a corner till he turned over the leaves of the Bible to some passage near the beginning of the book, which was covered with brown stains, and this he hung over for some time with the tears standing thick in his eyes. Then he laid the book aside, and taking the black ribbon from his neck over his head he began to draw something up from under his clothes. Now Bella's heart beat thick and fast as she watched for the appearance of the mysterious charm that had so often puzzled her womanly instincts. But the end of the black ribbon came up, and attached to it a bag of chamois leather. This was instantly opened and shaken above the table, and then Bella's heart gave a sickening bound when there dropped out — a lead bullet ! Bella did not faint, though she was never nearer doing so in her life, but she grasped hard, at the liutel of the window to keep her from sinking to the ground, and with her very heart standing still within her, and her face as white as a ghost, she strained her eyes for the next movement, which was very coolly and rapidly exe cuted. Joe took from the trunk a game keeper's powder-flask, and deliberately loaded one barrel of the gun with a blank shot, the wadding being the stained leaf torn from the Bible, over which, she lial seeu him hang with such emotion and reverence. Thus far Bella had some hope, and even be^an to breathe more freely ; but his next movement instantly dispelled the feelinir. Afu-r very carefully examining the nipple and lock of the second barrel, Jo3 filled in tlie necessary quantity of powder, wrapped the lead bullet on the table in a piece cat from tlie little chamois leatlvr bag, in serted it in the mouth of the barrel, anl witli a firm hand rammed it liom \ But as lie grew firm the heart of tke poor girl outside appeared to leave her. She moaned faintly, and allowed her limbs to give way under her till she was oa her knees before the window, still grasping des pairingly at the lintel, and desperately try ing through the whirl of thought to think of some prayer for help— help to save him. .Toe's work within seemed now complete, for he tugged on his cap, buttoned up his coat to th'e top, threw the 'gun over his shoulder, and turned out the light. He was outside a minute after, and then, as he strode off through the dark trees in the direction of the B ? estate, Bella's wavering sense? came back, and she sprang lightly to her feet and followed as before. The walk was not a very long one, for tb.3 two estates nearly touched each other; but shoi I as it was* Bella's ajritation, as she ? stagirered on in the wake of her sweetheart, soon increased to a painful degree, and tite caii-s:- was simple — .Toe was making straight for il:c cottsiire of the iraaiekeepev, To:u 1'rov.i. 'What wild prayers went up th'ror.ij-ii those trees I cannot even guess, for she herself could never afterwards recall them - I can only proceed to show whether or v.-M they were answered. .hi? slopped at last at the very edge of the plantation and witliin thirty yards of Prowl'* cottage door, and busied* himself with liis knife at a tree having low sweep ing bj anckes. .Selecting a suitable branch as a rest for his gun, lie cut away every ivrl? or leaf thst interfered with the sight, fachw the gamekeeper's door, tried the gun on the rest, and then tossed away the knife sniorg the bushes behind. B*lia flittad nearer and nearer, but before slie was withicr fifty yards of her sweet heart her heart nearly leaped from her mouth at the sudden discharge of the gun. Joe had raised it and fired the blank shot in the air, for the purpose of rousing the gamekeeper within ; and the reverberations had not died away when the long barrels were resting on the low branch, with Joe's keen eye behind, and levelled straight at the door from which he expected the savage gamekeeper to issue. The smoke of the discharge curled slowly upwards and was lost in white wreaths in the darkuess3 above, then there was a quick flash of light from one of the windows of the cottage and a hurried tramp of feet within ; and then the light disappeared, the door was banged open, and Tom Prowl, half dressed, but gun in hand, appeared on the threshold. The gun on the tree shifted slightly, and J03 bent down for a more deliberate aim; buttlienwitliagreatscreaui Bella rushed tor ward and wrenched at the gun. Tlie S2 ve a:n mingled with the report of the guu, wliicli was followed by a yell of agony from fi - wounded gamekeeper. Bella had b33n just half a second late; and though shj !it saved the man's life, the gun 3ia:l no swerved far from the mark, and the bullet had ploughed a deep red groove asross Prowl'e shoulder. A wound to such, a man was merely like a stab to a grisly bear, it only roused him aud added to his ferocity. With a rush he was in among the trees and in an instant Bella — who still held the gun in her hand — was seized and held fast. 'So, you she tiger, this is your re venge ?' he hissed through his teeth. 'And you, Joe Malcolm, in her company. I wonder you hadn't more sense : it shall go hard with you both — transportation at least.' and, putting a whistle to Ms mouth, he gave out a long ' burr,' that was in stantly auswered from some distant coverts. With a wrench the powerful brute was hurled off from the shrinking girl, find then Joe cahnly folded his arms and said — 'It was I who fired the gun, and I meant to kill you, Tom Prowl, to shoot you like a dog, as you did my fat'ier, aai with the same bullet. She wrenched at the gun — though how she happeas to be here I cannot tell — and thus saved your worthless life. Poor girl ! she lias sacri ficed mine and saved yours ; therefore., don't be hard on her bv hatekiusf such a foul lie.' *' Your story is well got up,' sneered Prowl, writhing with the pain of his shoulder, and trying to staunch the flowing blood. ' But it shall save neither of you. You are art and parcel together, and have deliberately attempted my life — and together therefore you must suffer,' and as he spoke two imder-gamekeepei's burst in upon them, and the two prisoners were at once secured. ' Take care, Tom Prowl,' cried Jos, as they were being led away, ' I have that which may hang you ! If I had not feared the quibbles and quirks of the law I would have put you in its power rather than have attempted to kill you single-handed.' Prowl staggered back pale aud alarmed at the threat, but still tried to draw on a bold front ; and thus they parted, Joe aud Bella being- taken away and lodged with the Police Superintendent, and Prowl being helped off to get his wound dressed. The next day I had a message in to come out and investigate the whole affair. I went out accordingly; but I found the job tough enough, till, with some persuasion, I succeeded in extracting- the whole story fvoai the prisoner, Joe Malcolm. Tke case interested me deeply; but, though I felt the most lively sympathy for Joe, I could not help trying to convince him that his oath, and the foundation on which it was built, were thoroughly bar barous, and that we, living under a milder and more lovely dispensation, are bound by very different laws than those for whom tlie stern decrees of tlie Pentateuch, were framed. Joe was thoroughly melted, and when I rose and told him I would try to devise a scheme by which. Bella would be set free and his own sentence made com paratively light, he seized my hand and wrung it, and spoke some words of grati tude which I would rather not repeat here. My plan was very simple. I had already decided that, in spite of Joe's firm convic tion of Prowl's guilt in connection with the murder of his father* and the words un wittingly dropped in the heaving of B.dla McKenzie,*Joe could have no case against him. The' words 'What I did lo his father'' might mean anything — a wrcnjr or injury of the lightest description as well as actual murder. My course, then, was to keep this conviction entirely vrithin my own breast, and merely drop a few words carelessly in the gossipy little town, which I felt sure would soon reach ProwUs eai- iu a magnified form. And never did I make a surer calculation. Prowl, between this report and the deadly threat of Jos oa the night of his capture, became thoyoughlj frightened, and speedily resolved to make terms, as the following note addressed to the prisoner will show : — u Joe Malcolm — 1 want to make you an offer, which you may take or let alone as you think fit. Say nothing against me, and I will undertake to get you off. If 3*011 send me a paper, in which you swear never to attempt to injure me, or speak against me, or stir up old stories, you shall tret off without a day's imprisonment. Don't let airy one see this, but burn it the moment you read it. Hoping to hear .from you, I I ain; j ' Your well-wisher, 1 . 'Tho-s. Puowi,:1 j This note, of course, was at once sent to i me, and after a good deal of consultation, J it was at last decided that we had sufficient j 1: rounds to warrant us in arresting Prowl ? on a charge of murder. The warrant was i made out, and I was sent to serve it ; but 1 had only the journey for my pains, for Prowl, fearing consequences, had evapo rated suddenly and mysteriously, leaving only this note belimd which was addressed to myself : — 'Sir — The story of my being shot at and wounded by Joe Malcolm was merely trumped up by me to injure him. He never fired at me, and the wound on my shoulder I got in running under the sharp broken branch of a tree. Joe and Bella are both innocent, and I should be punished. I have left the place, and will never come back. '?Thomas Puowr..' This written lie, which to me did not conceal the craven fear lurking beneath, had at least one good effect— it was the nieai;s of setting Joe and his sweetheart free. The story of the bullet bavin? been detR'ii-d to jrse uudev tls;? pro'-nis? of in violable secrecy, of course, could never come up against Joe as evidence, or, indeed, get beyond my own lips; and as he and his wife were soon after absorbed in the stream of emigrants to the Far West, I don't think it can injure him. now. 