THEATRE ROYAL. HAMLET. Mr. G.D. Chaplin has come here with an established reputation from the neighboring colonies, and he made his first appearance at at the Royal on Saturday evening, taking for his opening character the Prince of Denmark. The house in all parts except the dress circle was crowded to excess, and the dress circle was better than it generally is on a Saturday night. It is creditable to the intelligence of the average audience that "Hamlet" never fails to give pleasure when it is respectably performed. Mr. Chaplin comes amongst us as a "star" tra gedian, and thus he invites a severer order of criticism than an ordinary stock actor would do. A star tragedian challenges comparison with the highest members of the profession, and cannot complain if he is judged by the highest standard. A more difficult play to test the real ability of an actor than " Hamlet" does not exist. To act it has been the ambition of every young actor, bat for one who has succeded in grasping the whole nature of the wayward Prince and enter ing into the motives which influenced him, a thousand have failed. We say at once that Mr. Chaplin is a respectable actor, a long way above the average. He has a fine commanding pre sence, an expressive countenance, a good voice, and an excellent elocution; and yet in his Hamlet there is something wanting. To begin with, his make up, notwithstanding the ele gance of his costume, does not give a true idea of the young Prince. He looks a man of forty instead of a youth of twenty-one A fair wig, such as Montgomery and Fairclongh used to wear, and a lighter style of attire—lighter, not in color, but in quality—would give something of the youthful grace which we are wont to associate with the Prince. Then, it seems to us that he is wanting in tenderness. His nature is hardly sympathetic enough to touch the hearts and thrill the souls of the audience. There was a certain amount of hardness in the closet scene with the guilty Queen. It is quite true that the Prince has to be cruel that he may be kind ; but it is difficult not to compare Mr. Chaplin's acting in this scene with that of Mr. Fair dough. Few of our readers can forget the exquisite tenderness and touching pathos with which Fairclough uttered the words—" Mother, for love of grace," &c.; The passage, too," Look on thi? picture," &c.;, lost its effect by a com parison of the two miniatures, which were manifestly worn for the occasion, as they were seen neither before nor after. Of course Mr. Chaplin did display some vigorous and effective acting in this scene. With his powers he could not help it; but, while he was powerful in the sterner expressions of anger, he was lacking in the softer touches of pity which find their way to all hearts. Mr. Chaplin was most effective in his solilo quies—bis fine voice, imposing presence, and graceful elocution, assisting him here. His ad dress to tiie players was especially well done, and tiie famous "To be or not to be" was ex cellently delivered. His interview with Ophelia, and his "Get thee to a nunnery," was not quite so effective. By the way, there was a curious emendation in his reading the well-known and most controverted passage of " I know a hawk,"&c.; The old editions of the play have it" I know a hawk from a hand saw," the new- editions supply the better word " heronshaw;" but Mr. Chaplin gave it thus— "I know a hawk from a heron—pshaw!"which strikes us as supremely absurd. In the play scene the effect was destroyed, and almost made ridiculous by Mr. Chaplin's use of Ophelia's fan to conceal lub face while watching the countenance of the King. He sometimes peeped over it and sometimes under it, and people were inclined to laugh at what looked like girlish coquetry. Besides, the fan hid Hamlet*s face from the audience, and concealed the working of his passions through bis features, of which Fairclough made so much. This, we submit, is a defect in tone art. Still Mr. Chaplin is an excellent actor, with a high con ception of the dignity of big art and it is do mean privilege to hear Shakspearefe grand and sublime thoughts delivered with so much care and intelligence,* and with such a magnificent voice. Of the other performers we have not much to say: It is difficult to find a stock com pany whose forte lies in sensational drama competent to act Shakspeare. We can only eay, taken as a whole, the company did the thing better than we expected! and cer tainly better than the company'who played with Mr. Fairclough did it, with the single exception of Mrs. Steele. Miss Clara Stephenson made but an indifferent Ophelia, and, except in the mad scene, never rose above mediocrity. 'In dialogue she would apeak to the audience instead of to the person she was supposed to address. Miss Blanche Grey essayed the part of the Queen, but it was not a success. The role is altogether out of her reach, and her representation of Hamlet's guilty mother was wanting both in dignify and passion. Mr. Marian, besides being defective in the text, was a most nnkingly king, and, perhaps, judiciously -he omitted the fine soliloquy *O, my offence is, rank." Mr.Hasker,aB thegarrulousold courtier, did his work better than any of the ordinary com pany, and it was really a pity when (he meddle some old ass got bis quietus by the sword of Hamlet. Mr.fiainford'sGhoetwasmostghostly in utterance. His speeches were delivered in monotone. In the closet scene we prefer the ghost off the stage as truer to art. It is ridicu lous for Gertrude to talk about her son bending bis ?ye on vacancy when tile ghost is before him and her in palpable form and shape. Mr. Boothman's Laertes had too much Boothmau and too little Laertes in it. Mr. Frank Towers was in his element as the gravedigger, though he might have had a little more earth in the grave. Every time, after herculean labors, he threw about a tablespoanful of soil on the stage he was greeted with a load laugh from the gallery. We have written freely of this performance, but we have expressed an honest opinion. Though it was far below Shakspeare's con ception, it is a great improvement on some of the thin bodiless dramas to which we have been accustomed of late. M. Towers deserves credit for an honest attempt to give Adelaide playgoers something better than the ordinary run of sensational dramas, and we hope his attempt will be successful. "Hamlet "will be repeated this evening, when we have no doubt it will go more smoothly than on its first per formance, as the feeling of nervousness in some of the actors will probably have passed away when they have become better accustomed to their business. 