PRESENTATION TO REV. THOMAS BAINES, PEAK MOUNTAIN. The presentation of a purse of sovereigns- amount ing to £23-to the Rev. Mr Baines, subcribed to by the non-members of the Peak Mountain Congrega tional Church, in token of his services rendered for the last two years to all in the district, took place at his own residence last Thursday evening. Mr Baines having resigned his charge of pastorate, his friends thought it their duty to present him with a testimonial, as a slight mark of their respect and esteem. After tea, Mr G. C. CRAIG, who had been requested to make the presentation, rose and said:- Mr Baines: It gives me much pleasure for the first time in your house to perform such an agreeable occupation as I am about to enact, namely, the occupation of pre senting you with a purse of sovereigns, as a New Year's Gift, from a circle of your friends, not mem bers of.your congregation, but who have, Sunday by Sunday, in the absence of their own Church, sat under you and listened to your preaching, and also, who are found in you those qualities of character suffi cient to make them proud of you as a neighbour and a Christian. On behalf of many Presbyterian and Church of England people, I am glad to express what pleasure and satisfaction it has given them in sub- scribing to this purse, and having resigned your posi tion in the district, they hope that wherever you will be placed the same success and energy will attend your labours. I only wish that some other subscriber had to perform the duty I have undertaken, so that more justice could have been bestowed in addressing you to-night ; but on my return to this district, after an absence of two years, wherever I have heard your name mentioned, whether in the house of the Protes tant or Roman Catholic, your name has always been mentioned with respect and admiration, which is something to boast of, considering the place is small and scattered, and the minds of the people varied and divided. I have always allied myself to that which is useful in the district, to make it go a-head, fall of resource, industry and perserverance, and I don't see why I should not indulge in its social prosperity also. I should be very sorry to see the place without the minister, as church-going is an example to our children, and places in their minds a deep sense of religious feeling and teaching. The Church has a great deal to do with social and moral well-being of man while fighting the great battle of life; the bush suffers a great deal without the civilising influ- ences of religion, and we should be very sorry to be left withot some "white-choker." Happy must you be to know that your services have resulted in this presentation; and you will please bear in mind that it is only a simple yet heartfelt mark of their friendship and esteem of your character, kindlness, and catholic disposition towards all. Out of your own flock; it was all the same to you who were sick, and you visited them, soothed their feverish pillows with words of comfort and peace, and eased the pain with any little medical ability you were possessed of. In the neame of the subscribers, " for this, for all, we thank thee." I have'nothing further to add, but if it be that you will leave the Reserve, it is our constant wish that wherever you go, or into whatever direction you strick, we hope you will find the same amount of respect, affection, and regard as your conduct has secured for you and your family at the Peak Mountain. In returning thanks, Mr BAINES said : - Gentlemen, 'I am very much obliged to the kind friends who got up this testimonial in a knowlodgment of my humble worth of services, and to you Mr Craig, for the graceful manner in which you have presented the same. I hardly thought I could be the object of such attention from my friends, as, on reflection, I have simply tried, as God knows, to do my duty. Your gift was quite unexpected but nevertheless opportune ; but you will believe me when I say that I think far more of the manner in which it was got up, apart from our own flock, as the mark of respect between my neighbours and me, than for the real gold that purse contains. I thank you hearily and sincerely for the gift, and I am sure that Mrs Baines is as proud of your kindness as myself. Although I have resigned, I amy say that the two years spent on the reserve at the Peak Mountain have been the happiest two years of my life. I have found many firends, and it is not likely that I shall forget them. I had several reasons for resigning \- partly to give my boys a higher education in town and also because in Church matters I could not serve so many masters. But I am happy to inform you that the secretary of the Congregational Union, Mr Griffith, and our old friend, Mr Mossop, will see that my place will be supplied every Sunday ; and meantime I re- main as a missionary in the district, and as far as I am concerned God's work will not be neglected. Until some new appointment takes place I will continue any usefulness I am capable of in true missionary work and labour. If I do return to my charge, I should like the affairs of the Church to be in the hands of the congre- gation instead of the Congregational Union ; but I do not know how things will go on until the arrival of my friend Mr Mossop. After reviewing several things of a private nature, Mr Baines again thanked Mr Craig for his address, the deputation - Messrs Dunn and Wil- son - and the kind friends who had allied in the presentation of a purse in consideration of his having merited their friendship and regard, which he trusted wduld continue to be of long duration and closer than ever it was. For the gift he was very thankful-much more he could not say ; but he was deeply sensible of the great honour the subscribors had conferred upon him, Mrs Baines, and family. This brpught the proceedings to a close, and the deputation then withdrew, wishing Mr and Mrs Baines a happy new year, The T?ambo correpondent of the Dalby Herald writes s follows :-Loeated in Tambo, sltting in the coffee rooti of a hotel, siSlinitting with.Ohbitian for titude[le theit'tR jig lhet of an 'ion ,roof, with boil. ing batentes of persiiratioc ' odc'g' through my porous hide, tEickling down ty Jegs, andjforming little lked upbn tbe iodr-'iirat fortli my psper, e .mypen, aotel 'my ink-bottle; and determiblng t' b+erome, by ,tmthing phort of 'br~iosatJibih %ll endeavour to eerlb6le yk' a few'rlifies:-At 'pýret rabo b npp.are bou' hl&. att fldniisi'iitig"'bndition joyous are tbhe fIsoe otf ti ib?filtttse wilo dr deeply impressed with 'tha? id'lttht"'a ldrloums futere"isp' ?t stote for the little' dlo4 giw 8 teleprails offiece sen to' ree of. ereltie ihd 11 'heicoh of the 'inoln h dr ta n Bankinatablisbed-and4n full~orking order. iThe, introdnution of this institution appeara .tyase shed. t?'.tifthul i? t b?1 4 psn ed s'eerlra tln y written b hi f brd letosndy telrap 'elri6e bill hi be'l'etfhi yesrt leep sp eiery Monlsay Ytceidoo?S4 lB tii .4l' bin is an entirely new feature in.thb' odu'l tnonotbn6us life of Tambo. I attended lest Sunday, and was pleased to see quite a large con. grgktiin. Our worthy'police magistrate condnoted tbhe egriei in a real claisicl' manner, and read a thrill. Ing sermon on " Musculnr Christianity."-Tbhe Black allites are in a state of tremulous emotion. It is now almost a certainty that the' main road to the West will dventially go direct from Tambo to Isis Downs, or Wit Town, as it is called, loaving Blackall completely. in the abode. This road, I believe, is as good as the. present one-the only objection to it being a stage of some twenty miles badly watered; it will however be a considerable saving in distance, and more in the line of statiois, Wit Town is about eighty miles be. yond Bldckall, and consiste of astore and hotel, be. 'longing to Mesers Whitmian Bros. So far as being a convenience to the. district is concerned,. it is much better situated than Blaclall, and although only in existence a comparatively short time, is already inter. fering considerably with the .business of that place, and I do not think the.day is far distaet.when it will be' surveyed and proclaimed a township, and there is every probability of its being a flourishing one.-Shear. ing is well over now in most of the principal abed., a?d a considerable quantity of wool lia passed through en route for Roekhampton, and shearers are undergo. ing the proces of what is facetiously called "Lambing Down." I am told an amusing scene took place the other evening, in which one of these gentlemen, in a semi-intoxicated state, played rather a ludicrous part.: -The shades of evening had long since fallen, and night had thrown around her mantle .gray; dark clouds rose o'er the horizon and spread across the sky ; the thunder rolled, the lightning flashed, and the winds blow, when a Rockhampton Bullelin caught by the storm, probably from the hands of some citizen eager for news, unfolded its pages and was blown rustling down the street; a ghost, ever uppermost in the minds of incbriates, at once suggested itself to the drunken shearer, who instantly became sobered, and with the most intense terror depicted on his counten. ance, took frantically to his heels, closely pursued by the leading article, paragraphs, and columns of adver. tisements, do. ' WTo Keu CocxAoscKta.-Mix equal quantities of beer and treaele ; place a quantity in vessels'ebout the premises,' and the cockroaches will be found .dead round about them, 