The Shire Council will meet on Thurday- next, when important business of several kinds has to be disposed of. The football i inatcb at Talbot on Friday last between the Avoca and Talbot teams resultel in a drawn game, A high wind very much interfered with the play. At the conclusion of the game, the members of the Avoca team were hospitably tnter-' t'ained at the Commercial Hotel. The first wool team for the season passed through Avoca from the north on Saturday last; By a report in another column it will ,be seen that an early movement has been made towards holding sports on Boxing Day in aid of the furida of the Mechanics' Institute- The friendy societies tre to be asked to undertake the matter, as they did last year, and if the affair is managed with the same success as on the former occasion it may be ex pected that something like : £40 will be added to the funds. Plate-laying on the railway has now extended to within a mile of the terminus, and if the interme diate earthworks can be finished in time the rails will probably reach the Lead by the end of the week and the station within a fortnight. All the culverts are finished, and the fencing is progressing as fast as possible. -Residents in this district will be sorry to learn that Mrs Brown (wife of the Rev, Ralph Brown) is very ill with a pulmonary complaint. Our St. Araaud exchanges inform us that Drs Harrison and Wolfeuden have very little hope of her re covery. Telegfaphio communication has now been opened with Ivanhoe and Mordialloc, and the offices at these places are now available to the public. Mr FranciB D. Strong is gazetted as Acting District Surveyor at St. A rnaud. The population , of Victoria on the 30th June was estimated, at 829,284, being an increase of 8,727 for the quarter. The following applications under . the Land Act have been approved James Sheales, Moyreisk ; Fanny Loveridge, Bung Bong ; John Cheesman, Barkly ; James Lynch, Landsborough; James Grant, Moyreisk,. It is reported in Sydney that the naval authorities there have-received a telegram that at present the war vessels on the Australian station should not be sent beyond the reach of telegraphic communication A Launcestop telegram of 1st September says : —Two cakes of gold were received last night from Nine Mile Springs, weighing l724oz, from 900 tons of stone, and worth £7050. Dr Neild on Friday made a post mortem examina tion of the bodies of the twin infants found at the Hobson's Bay Railway Station on Wednesday evening. The children had been prematurely born, and while one was still-born the other had only just breathed, the lungs having been sufficiently inflated with air to secure their flotation in water. There was no fracture of tjie skull nor marks of violence upon either of the bodies. . At the special meeting of subscribers to the Maryborough Hospital, on Friday night, a sum of £100 was voted as a gratuity to Mrs Bregazzi in consideration of her husband's long and faithful services to the institution. - r T The Rand wick Spring meeting commenced on Saturday- last. A- Sydney telegram stateB. that 10,000 persons, including the Governor, Sir Her cules Robinson, were present, and the weather was beautiful. The following were the . results of the different events Hurdle Race — Quicksilver 1, Planet 2, Gaffer Gray 3. Trial Stake6— Chevalier 1, Dilemma 2, Rangatira 3. The Derby— Ghr) so lite colt 1, Tocal 2, Cardinal 3. Spring Stakes— Valentia 1, Robin Hood 2, Melbourne 3. Epsom Handicap— Valeria colt 1, Evangeline 2, Ginger 3. English telegrams published, in. the Melbourne papers state :— The American whaling ship (Jatalpa arrived at New York on the 10th August with the six Fenian prisoners who escaped from Western Australia. The arrival of the vessel with her pas sengers caused. great sensation amongst the Irish residents ; of New York, hut there was i no formal . reception of the escapees. At "the annual meeting of the English Wesleyari Methodist Conference, a resolution was carried which makes the Australian Wesleyan Methodist Conference independent of the parent body. Lnmsden's friends refuse to forfeit the 200 guineas bet that was made upon the match between him and Trickett, Higgins has gone, to A m erica .for the .purpose of rowing in the Centen nial Regatta.; ,, His friends are urged to ;deposit .the requisite stakes, for a match between him and Trickett. I', The lecture by the Rev J. W. Inglia,uin the Shire Hall last evening, drew one of the largest andierices ever brought together in Avooa. Tire1 hall was crowded in ajl parts, and a number of ticket holders were unable to "gain admission, Lec tures are not generally well attended in this dis trict, but in this instance the name of the lecturer, the subjec'— " Thp Poetry and Songs of Scotland" —with the notification that it would be illustrated by songs contributed by well known visiting .and local vocalists, all served to make the event one of especial attractiveness. Mr Inglis intimated early in the evening thiat owing to the number of songs on the programme1 he would require to curtail his lecture, but such portions as he delivered were full of interest, instruction, and humorous anecdotes. It is hoped that at a future day Mr Inglis will not only redeem His promise of giving the excised por tions of big lecture, but a|6Q on that occasion repeat the portions delivered by bim and so well appre ciated last evening. The following was the pro gramme or songs, etc. Overture, piano, " La Dame Blanche," Miss Mathers and Professor Gran a ; "When the Kye come Hame," Mr Steel ; 44 Ye Banks and Braes," Mrs McLean and Mi9s Jennings j "-Duncan Gray," Mr Henderson ; 44 Logie o' Buchan," Miss Malcolm ; " Nannie's awa', " Mr Pairman ; 44 Ajild Robin Gray," -Mies. Malcolm ; " There's Nae. Luck >ahdotCths H&uee;" Mr. Steel; "Jpoko' Hszeldean," Mr Htnlerton-; 41 Wae's me for Prince- Gharlie," Miss Malcolm ; " Hame cam oar-gudearatT 8te?Mr.<a1fman Scotch airs, Misses Mather's and Sweet"(piioofofte) arid Mr Howes (violin) 44 Land of the Leal," Mr Henderson ; " Scots wa hae," Mr Steel ; " Galium n' Glen." Mr Pairman; "Sing to roe the old Scotch songs," Miss Malcolm ; "Cameronian Quadrilles," Misses Mathprs and Sweet (piano), Mr Howes (violin). Votes of thanks were passed iby acclamation to Mr Inglis, the ladies and gentle., men who hSd given their valuable assistance, and to the chairman, the Rev Mr Mathers, and a very Ipleasant although lengthy entertainment closed with |«AuldLang Syne," sung by all present. Mr iOranz filled the important part of' accompanyist iduring;he"evebiiig with his7 well known .ability. ' Mr Inglis has evidently discovered' the knack of 'keeping the boys in order. Early in the evening he gave them to understand that they were ex pected to behave themselves, and they gave no trouble afterwards, except in one or two instances by stamping an accompaniment to the songs and instrumfentai pieces, which must have been annoying to the performers as well as to the audience. We have been informed that an accident, which might have had a serious result, occurred on tbe railway works on Friday. A trolly weighing about three tons passed over the foot of a workman, but fortunately without doing him any very serious injury. The farmers in this neighborhood are complain- ing sadly about the want of rain. It is said that unless a change, takes place speedily the crops will suffer very considerably. Mr J. G. Beaney announces by advertisement in another column that he will be a candidate for the representation of the North Western Province. On the 19th August a fatal affray took place in the shearing-shed of Mr John M'Mahon, of Bad- geon; From the particulars to hand the Deublo, Despatch learns that two shearers named Roberts and Anthony quarrelled over some sheep. A stand up flght was the consequence. Two rounds were fought, when Roberts got a heavy blow. He fell down dead immediately. An inquiry was held by the coroner (Dr. Weston, of Coonamble), and Anthony has been committed to the next Dubbo Circuit Court. Mark Lyons and Morris Karlishaw, the two Polish Jews who were arrested on board the Somer setshire upon her arrival :in this port, appeared at the City Court on Saturday, on remand, the former to answer a charge of stealing diamonds in South Africa, and the latter of aiding and abetting in the proceeding. Detective Mackay applied for a further remand of seven days, as, in consequence of an interruption of the cable line, no reply had yet been received to a telegram which had been forwarded to the Earl of Carnarvon. Mr Cresswell, who ap peared for the prisoners, opposed the remand on behalf of Karlishaw. and applied for his discharge on the ground that the telegram received by the authorities did not apply to him, and that there was no evidence of his name having been included in the despatch. The warrant upon which he was arrested was issued under the 54th section of the Criminal Law and Practice Statute, which only gave the bench jurisdiction in cases where offences were committed in Victoria or upon the high seas, and where an information could be exhibited, which he contended could not be done in the present instance. The bench decided to discharge Karlishaw, against whom there did not appear to beany case, but remanded Lyons for another seven days. An application for bail on his behalf was re fused. The hon. R. D, Ireland, Q.C., is insolvent ; assets, one pound. The estate of Colonel Bull, of Castlemaine, ha9 been compulsorily sequestrated. 1 " There is many a slip between the cup and the iip." This old saying was fully borne out lately n this district. A young woman who shall be nameless, was engaged to marry a rising young farmer. The day was fixed, the priest arrived— the bridegroom was all there, but the girl, without any notice or warning, left the district and the mnn nhe had duped. He mav be congratulated on his lucky escape.— Donald lines. Our Chinese feliow citizens were m a state of great excitement (says the Ballarat Star) during the whole of Sunday, and up to about three p.m. this (Monday). morning. They believe that the souls of those Chinese who have not died a natural death wander restlessly about, cold and hungry, 44 seeking rest and finding none," so once a year a grand feast is made, and immense fires lit for their benefit ; and that these spirits may be properly clad, clothes, something after the style of milliners' patterns, are cut out of gilt paper, and are burnt, dissolving very appropriately into thin air. On Sunday, notification of what was to be done for their benefit was given by the beating of gongs, drums, etc., to these restless spirits, and at' about midnight, when they were supposed to be all present, a priest, named Che Ah King, who lives at Haddon, commenced' the religious ceremony by blessing the offerings of the charitable. These consisted of dishes of rice, pork, etc., cooked, and laid in two rous near the fires previously lit. : Spiritual beverage, in the shape of gin, was emp'ied on the ground, and after the burning of the paper clothes, the rice and pork, of which the ghosts were supposed to' have eaten; was distributed among the .Chinese ragpickers and beggars, none who could afford- to stand upon ceremony deigning o toueh. The lepers from the ranges were present but made their offerings from a respectful distance from the qthr Chinaman,' and consumed,- at the close of the ceremony, what they had brough t them selves. .-Fear more than love seems to actuate the Celestials in making their offerings, as they believe that unless they make . them the spirits - will cause thingB to be generally very unpleasant for them during the ensuing twelve months. About £39 altogether were expended on the affair, £4 being given to the priest, who, as he is the only man in the district qualified to do things properly, charges rather highly. 4 A very Unfortunate termination on Friday's pleasure trip down the Bay in the mail sr earner Assam," says the Age. " occurred as the ship came alongside the Graving Dock. She had too much way on when she came near the jetty, ..and, before she could be stopped, she ran again tbe seaward wall of the dock; Her straight bow orushed against the raasonary, battering in a - portion of the massive wall, and at 'ith.e same doing a certain amount of damage to the steamer. Her iron Btem was flat tened, very much after the style of the Barrabool but on a considerably smaller scale! ' The ship at once commenced to take in water, and it was re-- solved to get into the "dock' as soon as possible. Pilot Reid was in charge of her when she met with ; the mishap;" "The injuries received were of such a nature that the Assam will.not be able to proceed- with the mails,, which will, be taken .by ..the Avoca. I A Melbourne -correspondent of the Hampden ft Guardian " I have just received valuable infor- mation about the! political situation which will be heard: with the utmost surprise. I. oah assure your readers that a change is impending in the boasted 4 'majority which will be startling. ; ; About five or six members on the Ministerial side -have taken a sudden dislike to t h e ' Go verhm en t; whj I 'cannot at present say, but it is now not at all improbable that; to U6e a; Vulgar expression,' all the fat will be in. the fire. If a csertajn thing ""Is not done tht!se members will' vote against the Government, and there will be a dissolution'. ' Even s'lbuld matters be arrangeil, rii'y informant-who has been cohsis .. tent in His -'support to the Government1- declares that there must be a burst up before long, S I confidently predict -a general eleotion shortly.' We Hamilton Spectator) understand that an action for libel ha« been commenced by Mr Samuel, on behalf of Mr Young, postmaster at Tahara, in whieh it is sought to recover £2000 damages. The alleged libpl is contained in a letter- to the Post master- General, in which the conduct of Mr Young is severely commented upon in an attempt made ta get him ousted from his position. A somewhat unusualcase of an expressed inten tion to commit, suicide occurred a few days ago at the Ararat to Hamilton railway line', 'near the gravel pits, A Chinaman, was seen to walk slowly up to 1 the way, shortly before the arrival of 0De of the Ballarat trains, and' lie down "with his neck upon the rails. When interrogated by one of the men at work there, as to bis object in choosing such a position,. he said—" Boys too muchy pelt me-; no "more chow chow ; me like him die "all a "shame, welly _ good," o, The- unfortunate celestial really seemed very dispirited, and in considsration of the suicidal tend'eney of-tKes-race, -it is more than pro bable that the man really entertained the deter mination of 44 ascending to heaven oii the back of a stork." English notions of the liberty of the sub- iect, however, did not extend thus far, and John The Hon. Alex. Fraser addressed a meeting of Olectorafor the North-western Province at Sand hurst on Friday. He declared himself in favor of a Mining on Private property Bill, and opposed to payment of members,' -He believed there should be a revision of the tariff in the direction of free trade ; be was a free-trader, and always would be. The revision of the tariff should take place gradually, so as not to interfere with established industries. He was in favor of intercolonial free trade, and felt -was speedily made aware that if he" did not take himself off he would, -be subjected to worse bruises than be had sustained from the boys who pelted him. The would-be suicide shuffled away, exhibi ting evidences of disappointment that his ascent to a yet more celestial rigion than that which he had left for Australia had been so barbarously interrup- ted! — Ararat-Advertiser. proud of having had the honor of introducing our noble Education Act into the Upper House. Mr Fraser said that be favored a proper land tax, but not an income tax, as it was too prying in its nature. The Upper House should be reformed by reduction of the term of election from ten years to six or seven, and a judicious system of assisted immigar- tion initiated, A drunken man had a miraculous escape from death on Wednesday evening at the Williamstown railway station. One of the night trains, states the Age, was on the point of leaving, when the girl in the refreshment bar cried out that a man had fallen between the carriages. The signal for starting had been given, but before the train had been put in motion it was recalled, and the line waB examined. A man was found lying with his neck across the rail, and the wheel of one of the carriages within two or three inches of it. The slightest movement forward of the train would have severed the man's head from his body. He was helplessly drunk, and was handed over to the police. Mr Robert Moffat, of Fenton Yale, has au thorised a gentleman at Ravenswood to select two acres of land in the parish of Ravenswood, upon his estate, for the erection of a church. The Mortlajce Dispatch states that one day last week a very singular discovery was made by Mr D. M'Call, of Mount Violet.. He was engaged in sawing a red gum post, that had been carted from the Woorndoo neighborhood to the station, and whilst doing so he came across a snake, that was quartered in a hole in the centre of the wood. The post was subjected to a very close examination, and was found to. be " as solid as a rock," not even a crack to be seen any where about it, so that how the snake got into such a close lodgings is a com plete mystery. From the appearance of the rep tile, which of course was lifeless, one might have imagined it to have been preserved in spirits, and its eyes looked like glass. It measured two feet in length, and was partially coiled round when first discovered. Victorian antiquaries will be interested in the following from a correspondent of the Bendigo In dependent ; — " If I were a lover of antique curiosi ties I would have considered myself particularly fortunate when business brought me to the house of Mr. M, Freeman, of Kangaroo Gully, when he showed me a watch, and assured me (and 1 don't think any one who knows Mr F. would doubt his veracity (it was once the property of Oliver Crom well, who presented it to his son Richard on attain ing his twenty-first year. It is a most unwieldly piece of machinery, and from its extraordinary size I would judge it to be about a two-horse power Mr F. tells me he never carried it but once, and then his friends were under the unpleasant impression that he had a large tumor growing on his stomach. It bears an inscription which I could not decipher without my glasses, but Mr F. read it me. The letters are much defaced, and the watch has evi dently had some rough handling ; it runs as fol lows — < Presented by Oliver Cromwell to his son Richard, 25!.h June, 1635, With reference to the appointment of Major Ro berts to the command of the artillery forces in New South Wales, the S.M. Herald says : — In order to secure the services of such an officer, it was at first determined by the Government to ask his Ex cellency to telegraph Lord Carnarvon. In the meantime, however, Major Roberts, who has re sided in the colony for some time, offered his ser vices, and the original intention of telegraphing home would appear to have been abandoned. The position of European affairs also doubtless operated to some extent in precipitating action on the part of the Government in regard to our Defence Force, On investigating the claims of- Major Roberts, i» was found that during his career in the Imperial Artillery he was on active service in the Crimea ; was twice wounded, and received the Crimean medal and clasp, and Sardinian and Turkish medals. He was also employed in India in command of Artil lery (with the field force under Sikkim ; he was mentioned under order by the Goverrior General for his services, and granted the brevet rank of major. The election of a "member of the Maryborough mining board, for the DunoIIy division, took place, and resulted in the return of Mr Yates, who was eight votes a-head of Mr Desmond. Madame Sibley has been fined 20s and costs, by the Sandhurst bench, for seizing a newspaper clerk by the hair and knocking his head against a wail upon his presenting an account for advertising to her." The Government, the Age understands, have felt themselves under the necessity of taking official cognisance- of the serious rnmours affecting the private character of Mr John Steavenson, the Secretary of Railways,, who recently sailed for England on a year's leave of absence. It is stated that bv the outgoing mail a communication will be forwarded to Mr Steavenson informing him of the .charges made against him, and requiring that he shall return to the colony to answer them, failintr to do which he will be called upon to send in his resignation. Trickett's brother is to go to Philadelphia. The Sydney correspondent of the Newcastle Herald writes It is said that Trickett's brother will leave Sydney soon to meet him and Mr Punch at 'Philadelphia, where the brothers will pull in a pair- joared race for the championship of the world." About midnight on. Wednesday, some young ladies occupying a bedroom in the young ladies' 'seminary at Malvern road presided over by Mrs Tripp, were alarmed (says the Argus) by bearing |their window opened from the verandah, and by the appearance of' a man endeavouring to enter . the room. Their screams awoke the houaehold, and the man was seen to make off towards the side of the. house, without hat, coat, or boots. Mrs Tripp, on searching the grounds, (discovered a man's hat, coat, pair of boots, and an umbrella. The ; police, within a quarter of an hour, were on the spot, Senior-constable M'Donald, of Toorak. re ported the matter to Sergeant Parkinson, and to gether they, arrested a man named. William Gordon,, of Ross-Btreet, South Yarra, who being confronted with some of the inmates of the room, was iden tified as the man seen at the window. The prisoner claimed;the clothed left on the lawn as his property ,He is a young man of respectable appearance, and has resided in South Yarra about two months. , /elegr'aip on Friday, says:— Whilst some Chinamen were engaged iii'buryihg a fellow countryman at Haslem's Creek cemetery, a poor woman, with, two. sons, came to. bury her infant, She was too )fo6r to' nay an undertaker, and the 'wo lads were carrying the remains of the infant to the grave, when a generous Chinese merchant, named Ah Sue, observed them, gave every assistance, and made a subscription amongst his countrymen jor the poor woman. A good sum has been obtained, and is to be presented to day to the here aved mother 