CHUBCH POLITY AS INDICATED IN THE .NEW TESTAMENT. TO TUB EDITOR OF THE C0UBIE&. StB,— As a well-Wisher to westeyan Methodism, and baring sympathy with both the advocates and op ponents of lay representation, I will, with your per mission, invite their attention to a tew facts in church politv as recorded in the New Testament. L "The Pastorale:— On tlis fundamental principle in -rimrch polity tbe New Testament is explicit. - Paul ana Barnabas in their missionary tour " oraainea them elders » in e reiy s church-?- . " For this cause left I thee in' Crete: that" thou "tiiouldest set in order llie things that are wanting, and ordain elders in every city, as I bad appointed thee." — Titus L, 5- These elders did ell tbe work of tbe pastorate. Whe n Paul arrived at Miletus, he sent to Ephesus. and -called-the elders of tbe church, and said onto than-!-" Tate -heed, -therefore, unto your- stives, asd to all tbe flock over tbe which the Holy Ghost bath mode you overseers, to teed the Church of God."— Acts xx., 28. Peter exhorts the elders thus: — " Feed the Rock oi God which is among you, taking the overtigbtthereof; cot by constraint, but willingly; not for filthv lucre, but of a ready mind ; neither as i?9ig lords overGod'sheritage, but being ensamples to the flock."— I Peter, r. 2, 3. James directs tickChris- tians tocall forthe elders of tbe church. Tbeynot only fed the flock, but ruled the church. " Let the tidere that rule well be counted worthy of double honor."— 1 Tim. v, 17. Care was to bo taken that they were qualified for their duties. The qualifications for an elder are thus described by Paul u If any be blameless, the husband of oe wife, baring faithful children, not accused <rf riot, or unruly. For a bishop (the words 1 bishop' and 4 elder' being used for the same office bearers) must be blameless, aa the steward of God ; not self- willed, not soon angry, not given to wioe, so striker, not given to filthy lucre ; but a lover of hos pitality, a lover of good men, sober, just, holy, tem- lesate; holding fast 41a faithful word as be hath been aught, that be may be able by sound doctrine both to exhort and to convince the gainsayers."— 1 itus L, 6,7, 8.9. 44 One that rhleth well hie own house, having his children in subjection with all gravity; For if a man know not how to rale Ms own bouse, . how shall lie take care of the Church of God? Not a novice, lest, being lifted up with pride, he fall into the condemnation of the deriL Moreover, he must hare a good report of them thai are without : lest he fail into reproach and the snare of the deriL" — 1 Timothy iiL, 4, 5, 6,7. rrom xue ooove quomaon n is hthkw ui» ub elders were the pastors, end did all the work of the pastorate. But how many lied each church, and how were they appointed? None can tell the number that each church had, but there is not a tingle church named with only one elder. Paul and Barnabas 44 or dained them elders in every church.1 So for as the New Testament sheds light on the subject every church should have more than one elder or bishop. But how were they appointed ? The church chose and then they" were set apart to the office by the apostles, missionaries, or evangelists. Barnabas was not on apostle, but he, along with Pont u or dained elders in every church." The word rendered "ordained in the above passage pro perty signifies 44 to hold up the hand," hence, to vote, to choose by vote." Agreeably 'with this mnnrc of the word, the old English Bible has it thus:— 44 And when they had ordained them elders by election in every chorea.1 Indeed, the churches seem to have been required to exercise the right of choosing for ever office or work of importance. When the epoetins could uot attend to both the ministry ef the Ward end serving tables, tfaeydireeted the multi tude of the disciples to look out seven men, whom tbey might 'appoint to the table business. Again, Titos was 44 chosen of the churches'" to travel with a certain gift. — 2 Cor., viu. 19. We may conclude this letter by summarising the facts elicited L Elders did the work of pastors. 2\. Elders were chosen by the members, arid set apart by others. A Every church had tiders. PelalTT. 