\- - EARLY RISING. (From the New xorh 7 w\c*). Why 1* it flint folks who like to da n thing are not con- | Unt to do it, and leave others unadvised to act foj thein- j ttlvet? Why should they insist ou putting 'everybody j Into their pint measure aud condemn all who bappeu toot to fill it exactly This peculiarity w conspicuous in noetol habits in the routine of every day life. Tho man who confines himself to two meals iu twenty-fonr hours imnntno«h« Iiq« (rrit»v/inp»» nrrainflt the man DVG ferrfng three or four meal*. Tho woman who enjoys society and travel feel* uncharitable toward the entirely domestic atay-at-hume body. In nothing is this strait more observable than getting up in the morning, about which people ditFer so widely. Tho- wbo choose to lit late arc amiaUle^ enough towards thoM who believe from a queer sense of hospitality that they ought to welcome the dawn ; that tke fawn would be distressed unleas they should co-operate with it And keep it in countenance'for its premature coming. But the early risers arc not so kindly or so tolerant. If not positively inimioal to the late her, they greatly disap prove of'him. and arc inclined to give him wholesome council against hi* habit. Can anvoue tell why the mere fact of being up at or before daylight yields to a man au assurance of moral *uperiority 1 What specific and shiniug virtue is there in leaping out nt ben ana dressing one aseu in me uarw: What crown of honor is conferred upon the fellow who unable to sleep in the moruiufr. bounces up sometimes to advertise auoh incapacity ? . Th»se be subtle questions, and their answers inhere in the mysterious root of things. But can there be no question that the habitually early riser eouceives that the Ten Commandments are : conserved in him. iu addition to an ample system of1 ethics. When he appears at. breakfast he is very likely to ask those at table when they rose, feignhisr ignorance on a point on which he takes particular pains to be in formed, Having been told that they rose atsi*, or seven or einht o'clock, he invariably announces with great gusto. tf why, I was up two hours before any of you I' Then he proceedsto patroniso in a very lofty manner the inferior mortals who are not ashamed to confess that they^ have no prejudice in fayorof getting up in the middle of the night. Nor is he content to enjoy this exalted triumph once, twice, or thrice, or twenty tirass. Every morninghe plumes himself anew, puts the aamo ques tion, aud each time adds to his moral worth and personal consequence. What offence isthore in sleep that to protract it in the mornmcr should ne visited upon us so severely i inuo Nrs have informed us that man is always sinning, except in'sleep, which should thereby be ardently encouraged, whether before or alter dawn. Do the Seven Sleepers typify the Seven Deadly Sins, or doea the early riser design to bamboozle our theology? We suspect, the latter, for he is an ineompresible, wholly inconsistent person who obviously thinks that bis mutational solf ilevation should atone for any and all other defects wbatseevei. It is uot sleep, but sleep in the morning, to which be Is hostile. He is fond ot saying that wo can not be in bed too long before midnight, or too briefly after daybreak. And then there is some sort of iniquity appertaining to the bed. IJ« himself will frequently get up at four or five o'clock, and after dressing descend to the library or sitting room, throw himself on a lounge, and be doging iu five minutes. He does not feel any ahame for this either, although at breakfast be will be ready to hector his sons or brothers-in^Jaw, who were at the same time inaudibly asleep overhead, for being ir redeemable sluggards. It is uoticeable that the early riser often compensates himself for his greeting to the dawn by frequeut nups between that hour and his regu Jar bedtime. He gets up, but only to lie down airaiu. He is not up for all day, nor is there need of it in his judgment after he has peiforroed the one important duty, The whole matter lies in this : Hi' good for persons (o rise early who want todo so. or.vrbo have something to occupy them ; but they who have no necessity and enjoy sleeping ought, to bt; privileged to lie abed without discredit or condemnation. This is a rank heresy we are aware ; but we are averse nto fanaticism even on this time honored subject. Tliere arc virtues altogether in-? dependant ot the hour nf getting up ; and some who bava slept, late lmve &one; to their irraves with blameless ?records, and left, large estates for their kindred to quarrel over. To get up merely for the sake of getting up is jiot of necessity a faying. Graces and vices might be named— it is true they are deep and dark— which it will not expiate. Late sleepers have so long heen bullied and persecuted that they would seem to have earned indul ? gence. The inexorable early riser should compassionate them at least, and permit theni to go fo perdition if they will on dawny beue of ease, Even it they be resolved to rush upou destruction from hair mattrasses, let them rush, while he may seek absolution for non- interference bv vetting up for six months at two o'clock in the morn ingt It is well not to be beguiled by saws aud counsels a i the subject. Host of them had their origin in a distant era flntf under conditions totally different from those now existent. Our remote ancestors went to hed early he cauee there was nothing olsc to do. Their descendants of to-day go to bed late and get up late far very much the same reason. Country folks seek their pillow from sheer fatigue, from weariness, and from want of mental stimulaut, City people avoid their pillow, for at. dark their recreation begins, and tho jays of tho night aw poetic and manifold. The tatter half ot the nineteenth century is an age of gaslight, oi midnight suppers, of nocturnal pleasures, of turning night into day. Ho who goes to bed early cannnt see the realities or the ghosts of Sic time, and to rise earlv would subject hi?n to a splen did isolation, besides fittfug him ere long for a sleep iu the cemetery. . ? 