THE WIFE'S SECRET. If I pride myself upon any menial en dowment whatever, it is uponthat humble one of Common Sense. I lire what is called by the intellectual people a con- ventional hie. 1 nave my pew in the neighbouring church, and sit in it twice every Sunday. I know one captain in the army — jast such a person as he should be— polished, and yet ferocious, gentle to ladies, bnt rather insolent to civilian males, boastful of his clubs, and giving all his leisure time, which is con siderable, to the cultivation of bis mous taches ; bat otherwise I am ignorant of : the fashionable world and all its gay i doings. X have made no endeavour to I break through the gilded pale that sepa rates it from the steady-going middle class to which I belong. I do not understand the feeling which prompts my superiors to be ashamed of bring seen in on Amnihnd Otuw mwrv Ant r T I return from the city in a yellow one ; and if it is wet, I nse the same convey ance in the morning to reach my offica I pay my tradesmen weekly. My best sherry is 48s a dozen ; and when the captain talks of vintage wines (as he will do by the honr at my table), I often wonder what he t.hinkH he is drinking However, with true good breeding, he Imbibes it in great quantities as though it were the best I do not keep a man servant Onr cook cannot compass an omelette souffles. My wife trims her own bonnets. We have eight children, who all know the Church Catechism by heart, except the baby and the last bnt one. In short, a more respectable and unfash ionable family than onrs does not exist in all Bayswater. Under these circumstances, it may be easily imagined that we are as free from the vices of the Great as we are without their Privileges ; and this was, I honestly believe, the case until within a very recent period. When I used to read in the papere that the Lady Lutetia Day Coltay (of Norman ancestry and blnest blood) had left her hnaband's roo£ and fled with Major Flntterby of the TJfti Guards ; or that it was rumoured among well-informed cirdeethaitbe gentlemen of the long robe would soon findmnplcy- ment in the domestic Affairs of Grace the Dnke of Belgmvia, I used to give a prolonged whistle, and remark: : "Here they axe again," in general reference to the habita of the haul ton, I knew that onr hereditary aristocracy were given to these escapades, which in my own of life wonld certainly be crimes, and I perused such details as the press could furnish with an avidity unalloyed, X am afraid, with ' much repro bation. I seemed .to be reading of a class of persons whose way of life was too far removed from my own to affect' me, except as a spectator ; just as when I went to the play I found myself in an: atmosphere of intrigue, and misunder standing, and jealousy, altogether unreal, and with which I fasd not the ghost of an experience in common. Jealousy ! Why, X had been married sixteen years without entertaining that passion, so thatxt was not very likely, however well acted, that that paBrion wonld entertainOTkMiannderstanding ! The thing was impossible, for whenever there promised tobe <0(0 win tile pan try " — and every married man . will nndetBtand me ton i make use of that — through! it to andoff we started agsspeakingjftri and Mra. lt. on j Jhe hmooth cumaStW pnr lives, with the ! I little fracas buried for ever in its depths, j As for the mntw of eight felling in love with another man — it is all very well in a stage play, and particularly where the husband is a black man, and, j as I have said, befitting enough among persons of quality ; but upon the Notting Hill aide of Bayswater any Buch mis- j chance would, 1 felt, be oat of place, and j ridiculous — a eocial presumption, as well J I as a grave domestic crime. Imagine, I 1 therefore, my astonishment when my j opposite neighbour, Peabody, who also I : m!I« himiialf my friend, did me the I honour to call upon me a few weeks ago, 1 to speak, in confidence, of the alarming J conduct of my wife. Having demanded 1 and obtained a private interview, this j scandalous old person, who was once an J indigo-merchant, and yet retains the trace J of his calling unon te nose, set before I I me in detail a number of cations rircam- I stances connected with the " goings on," I as he was pleased to call them, of my j wife, which he was not, indeed, prepared I to say "might not possibly be only I coincidences, after all," bnt which he felt it his duty as a fellow-creature, and one who had been a husband in his time— j here his lips made a dumb motion of I gratitude— to let me know. Even as a ) neighbour, and an inhabitant of a com- I mon Crescent, hitherto remarkable for its I respectability, and which, as I doubtless I remembered, had declined to permit Mrs. I Jones to pat op Apartments in her win- I dow, lest we should be confounded with the lodging- house localities ; nay, which by the mere force of its public opinion, had prevented No. 484 from being let to a playactor — even in this character, Baid Peabody, he wonld have felt it bis duty to make me aware of what was being said, though doubtless falsely, respecting 1 the behaviour of Mrs. R. Here I ehonld have locked the door, and informed Pea- 1 body that his last honr was certainly I arrived, and that he had better make his I peace with Providence before I cnt his I throat ; bnt from ignorance of the proper I conduct to be adopted in snch excep- j tional circumstances, and perhaps from | the knowledge that there was nothing I bnt a paper-knife in the room with which J to effect this righteous punishment, I | only buret out laughing, and called him I a meddling and impertinent old fooL I " Very true," returned he, for he alwayB I makes nse of that form of words — '"very \ true ; but still the facte are - worth in- 1 vestigating, even from their singularity. Do yon know, for instance, that at eleven o'clock, three days a week, yonr wife goes out in a cab by hesdf?" " No," said J, "I do not ; though, if she does, it is surely better than if she had any ineligible companion. As a matter of fact, however, she does not do j so, for I have offered to go shopping j with her twice this week, and rite has declined to accompany me on the ground I of having a sore throat." I " Upou what days did she give this j excuse?" inquired Peabody, taking ontj his pocket-book. I " Last Monday and last Thursday," I returned L I " Well, here's a memorandum : Mon- 1 dap, 4th. Sam Mrs. B. start as usual, at j 11 ; Thursday, 7 th. ditto, ditto. She j j could not be going to a morning concert, 1 because she had no white gloves on." I "I will grant that mnch," qnoth I 1 sardonically, and yet not by any mmm unmoved by this unexpected intelligence. I "My wife does not go to morning con- I certs." I "Very fine," observed Peabody. "Then the question arises, where does she go to? Now, as an inhabitant of the Cres cent" " Peabody," interrupted I, severely, "I acknowledge the right of no man — no, not of the man in the moon himself — to 1 meddle with my affairs upon that ground. I am obliged to you for tire interest yon have taken in this matter, bat the simple 1 feict is, that it has been entirely misplaced. 1 I have been perfectly well aware of my wife's movements, and they have had my j fullest permission and approbation. 1 1 only wanted to see to what lengths yonr I impertinence and love of interference I would cany you. That is your hat, 1 1 I believe ; your nmbrella is the alpaca one; I I wish you a very good- morning." 1 I ushered my visitor out, and then sat 1 down in my private parlour with my I elbows on the table, and both my hands J thrust into my hair. I had temporarily extinguished Peabody, but I was on fire I with jealous apprehensions myself. What I could it all mean ? For sixteen years my wife had never taken any excursion unless j inmycompany, upon which, shehad always given me to understand, she doted ; and vet, after refusing to go out with me upon | Monday and Thursday last, on the plea i of sore throaty she had started, the instant that my baric was turned, in a Hansom i —or even supposing it was a four-wheeler I — in a cab, without white gloves on, and j . Confound it, here was a row in j the pantry, and one which ray peace of mind demanded to have cleared up at once. " Anna Maria," cried I huskily, from the bottom of the stairs — <r Arena Maria, X wish to speak with yon imme diately." 1 "Lop bless me," answered ray wife from the top story, " it isn't one of the j children, is it; John ? Pray tell me the worst at oace."-' — "No, madam, it is I," replied I stiffly; ' " "Then life the kitchen rifimney" ex claimed she in a dogmatic tone. "Arid didn'tl tell Mary to have it swept a' weekago j and now thfi'frr&engines; will spoil everything, evriiif we ere pot burnt out of house and hoiae." : Was it possible that this woman annM j have deceived me, as Peabody had said, and yet talk so simply of her children, and of house and home By the time Anna Maria had got riown to the dra w- ing-room flight; I bad-begun to be rather ashamed of myself When ifae mother of eight reached mymtSng-room dooi; with her honest faceeglo w with anima tion, and her voice Cos earnest about the eooT, Itiid not dare -to toention what I had in my mind. £' - - - "IcaUedyoudowivdeftr, tosay thai I was going to give xnyadf a holiday to-; day, nhd to aakypn|o isome with Hampstead Heaml dine at Jadk Straw's Castle this aftemoon, it being such a beautiful day." "Aray of joy passed for an instant over her features, and then, as if recol lecting herselfj ehebegan to stammer that she was very, verysony, bnt really she bad so mnch to do about the house just then; if I would only Wait till Friday week, which was my' birthday/then we wenld.go fiomewhere,-j-and she. would .eiyojr it above all measure. . This after- Troon, however; the thing wae impossible. I " Well," said I gravely, " we have not many holidays together; and I am sorry. Vou had a sore throat on Monday and on Thursday, when I offered you a similar opportunity." "O yes," answered she, ahaMiig her little head, which is very prettily — could it be too prettily 1 — set upon her shoul ders ; " it is quite impossible that I I could go out with that throat." | "Here," thought I, for she could not have gone ont without her throat, « is some dreadful falsehood ; but Peabody may have told it; and not she. Perhaps she never went ont at all. Should I not rather believe the wife of my bosom than that scandalous old retired indigo- merchant ? Was it not base even to sus pect Anna Maria of deception J" Donbt- leBS it was ; but yet I thought I would just satisfy myself with my own eyes. " Very well," observed I quietlv. j "since yon cannot come with me to-day, 1 1 shall go to the city as usuaL I don't J care for a holiday myself" J I "Poor dear fellow," said Anna Maria I coaxingly, as she helped me on with j my greatcoat; " I am quite grieved to j disappoint yon. Good-bye, John. Mind I you have a good luncheon ; it is very j bad for you eating those bans and j j rubbish." I J " Ah, what a tangled web we weave," | j says somebody, " when first we practise J I to deceive," -though. after but a little j trying, there's nothing easier than lying. I j I protest I felt like a pickpocket; as I I dodged and lurked about onr crescent, I I watching in the distance my own door, j to see whether Mrs. B. wonld cross the I I threshold. I suppose I have none of I the attributes necessary to the profession of a Detective, for whenever a passer-by j cast his eyes on me, I felt myself blush- j ing all over, and hanging my head on I one side, as a dog hangs his taiL I dared not, of course, stop in the crescent; j bnt loitered at the comer of a street, I I which commanded it, now trying to dig j up the tops of the coal-cellars by in- setting the nozzle of my umbrella in j tbeir circular holes, and now eliciting j mournful music by dragging it against j the area railings. Exhausted with these j exercises, I had been leaning against a j lamp-post for about ten minuteB, when j the door of a house opposite was opened I suddenly, and a widow lady of vast I proportions came swiftly out upon me ! I with, her cap-strings streaming in the I I wind. "Now jost yon go away, my gentle man," arid she in a menacing voice, " before the police makes you. I know who you're a-looking for, and I can tell yon she ain't a-coming, for I've got her locked np in the coal -cellar. I know j yon, although you have not got your I red coat on to-day ; and mind— if yon j | get another slice of meat in my house, j ril prosecute you as sure as my name's Mtvins." "Gracious heavens, madam !" cried I, I do you take me for a common soldier I" " No, air," answered she maliciously ; " but for a tuppeny-ha'peny Life Guards- 1 man, who never saw a shot fired in his | life ; and if you come after my Jemima 1 again" j X turned, and fled — into the very arms I I of the abominable Peabody. "Make I haste !" exclaimed he ; there's not a j minute to be lost. No ; the cab is coming tbia way ; you may see for your- I self if I am not right this time." I And sure enough, who should drive I by at a rapid rate; but Anna Maria, in j a four-wheeled cab, and without her bonnet; and with a flower in her hair Thia blow, coming so closely upon the attack of the widow lady, was almost ' more than I could bear. " Where can she be going to ?" gasped I half nncon- 1 scionsly. It's the most extraordinary thing I ever heard of" " I have heard of similar things," re turned Peabody quietly, "although I never experienced anything of the sort myself. Of course, I don't know where Bhe is going to ; but the direction she has taken is towards St. John's Wood." j I hastened back to my own house, j and with the air of a man who has for- I gotten something, began to search in the I | pockets of a greatcoat hanging up in the IhalL "By the by," said I, as the ser- | vant who had let me in was disappearing, I " I think your mistress must have got I it after all Just run up, and tell her I I want to see her for a minute." I Emily Jane, who had been in our service ever since we were married, tamed as scarlet as her cap-ribbons. " Sir," said she, bolder than brass, " missis has just stepped out ; she has taken two of the little girls for a j morning walk." "Which two?" inquired 3, looking i tins abandoned young person foil in the face. Her snbtie spirit was cowed by this course of procedure ; she replied that she did not know — she didn't re- 1 collect — she hadn't paid particular atten- tion, bnt she rether thought that it was j the two youngest — all ina breath. I " In that case," rejoined I, pointing with withering score to the perambulator, j "how comes this here? No, Emily Jane ; yonr mistress mnst have taken out with her to-day the same two chil- dren that she took on Monday and on Thursday, when her eon/throat was goi bad that she could not go out with me." "Yes, mr," replied she ; "it was the j same two." . 1 " Emily >3anei/' said I solemnly, "always tell the troth. / know all. Where' ia your mistress gone to all by herself to-day, with her hair ad neatly arranged, and a flower stack in the left- j hand ride of herfiead f and that after telling me she was too bay to move ont j Concealment is ' worse than useless 1 WfcereiB she ?" j . "iWildboraeashouldn'hdo it," retained 1 the domestic resolutely. "X told her I wonld keep it dark, and X won't betray no confidence as haa been repoged in me ! Ywwwt jsoa gsatuai SHUr head, rir ; O dear, O dear !" . j Here, to my confusion, Emily Jane! cast her epron by asndden anddexterons 1 movement, over ber features, and in that blinded condition rushed down the jattowifain Ijfa a ball atnng by freea j , ' At'TiS'- moment, the front -door-bell aai with a vi<3eC?e «ndi eS none of our iriritois, except the captSf- CFC' dare fo j nse. ' My wished heart seraeJ -j experiences little throb of Joy. He at least then — and X confess my suspicions bad been turned in this for was ft not Ms, profeaaon to us ! fem &rrign; fo ahd to , destroy our "doinette -peaces-he atleast, limy, there was mare than erne— — I dared not trnst mysdf to frnish the reflection, j bnt opened the door with my own bands, , | It was somelife unjf0rm, bnt not the captain, "fepiife Mrs. B-," I sqneaked the IxK shrill thin voice; "please to signfe right an'-side." Then dancing rig truffle upon the door-step, in ordg war 1 he broke forth "There's somebody in tjgpT with Dinah, j therefe eomebodriShon8e X know ; I there e somebodimna house with | Dinah " i j- ? ampadence, and I j aidn t like his PTbnt there was nothing for it kg 8ubmit What could Anna Mari||oing with tele- J Srepns ? From Merrington, 6 j Gupulon Vdlas,Sthfft Wood. Pray, this? l am engaged I ,er i "6- will be looking Monday and r,- ' lhe'a somoboiii the bouse with v_ ,,' there's someJ, the house I | w J nrshedtirith the receipt I sni? an » an< ' % snatched it, and took to flight, fiXjw that I was arrgerous. What fdjthis dreadful menage mean ? or ktineaning could nnf I® nttt n® ? 4 Merrington ! at all a steady ing name, to bi with: the sendriigJ was eridently no buamessraan, or frSmia not have exceeded his twenty vMEfio. foolishly; jf had a militaiy over (aod nmtl — a. military smack I). Mecrington course an assumed -name. The Mwnaag was good, and so far onlike tie ciptain's ; but then people dorit wrfte fedrown telegraph messages, i I felt thsttsome immediate action was necessary, i that I should be suffocated. In a cofole of minutes I was in a bosom, bofcd for Copidon Villas, in a site of mif «»n«r imagined than descri ri ; and yf I had often read descript :a of its novels which professed to scribe arsocratu: life, and often had i n upon fle stage (although principal > in fenfe) the | husband racked by j bus pangf What had there ten to Ugh at in I that; I wondered v ! IVjJ" should | the tenderest emol s of tU human | heart be made thes ectof bnfoon But what a wicked king setbf houses were these which tvas now (passing ! If bricks and mar and especially stucco— can look Sous, certainly St. John's wood poBses a patent for I "What numbeinr?" ahonted my driver, through tilittle hole in the roof " This is Clon Villas." "I am Bony tfear it," groaned L pasting my pockejfodkerchief over my brow. Don't mifime, my good man (for his countenaE evinced mnch dis may at his voice amanner); I know it is not your feultlkt lam miserable. Please to pull n jpo. 6." Of all the wlrd-looking houses in Cnpidon Terrac&x; 6 was, it seemed to me, the wicopt. The round eye wMch formed B staircase window, winked viciousliL: the sunlight, and in the garden was wile grating, as though for the purposefcteconnaisance before admittance, wfc was not a little grating to nra The drawing-room shatters were feed. This latter cir cumstance gamie some satisfection, since it might ste that Mr. Merrington was dead, but a bee at the gay attire of the servant who answered my summons cut at --ground of con solation. " Is 4k. within ?" inquired 1 1, with a tone oftumed indifference. "Well — yes, s-but yon can't see her just at preseil Mr. Merrington has a great objection ft " Confound Mbderrington !" cried J, poshing my wi « j want to see my wife." 1 " Oh, your wif» sir ?" replied the maid with a giggw" Then of course you can go np, ifK please, although it's as mnch as mrae fe worth. You will find them in iSrawing-room." " What ! there I Slaimed I passion ately, pointing to iBosed windows. "Yea, of courMfrt That's the room they always eh" They always siS Then this sort of thing must haleen going on for years ! I cleared the twoL flights of stairs J in a couple of booSand hurled open I the drawing room dSike a catapult, j I found myself iHarge apartment, I darkened indeed, upftie side, bnt well j lit by a huge windo3 visible from the | front of the house) an northern end. | In the centre of theSn was a raised I strncture hung withjple, and rather j resembling a ecaffoIdHco rated for the j execution of royal tflknd npon the I scaffold sat my wife iim uncomfortable I attitude, and with I expression of countenance that ahemy wears npon those ceremonious o<£ons which de mand what are calleip company man ners." Between her ndi the window stood a gentleman witimi istaches, and I ina velvet coat — atanrid end evidently painting her portrait. Bi elevated his eyebrows at my peculis i >de of enter ing the room, and loom towards my wife, as if for an explo tion of the phenomenon. " It is only my husbari Jr. Merring ton," returned she "Oi )hn, I am so sony that yon found me pot, for I bad meant my picture to bep pleasant but-" prise to you upop yew birthday riexf| week. This was i»;blmy last sinfaig' bnt one ; and nobody Mows thetronhle I have taken ifa>" ke jou ignorant of my coming here. stupid Emily jane mnst nave let " No, my dear,"s»if I ; "I discovered the feet for aysel£rough the tele- : graph; and really «I couldn't help coming down to see v the picture was getting on. It was Cvriy land of you. And, dear me, Mr. ftxington, what a charming likeness I'm " WeR itfe not ffl very good light, you see," xqoinefie deprecatingly. " Not having a iwwith a skyhght,' Dm obliged to UoHp those windows, end manage' how Ml It makee tn®. hdnse dark, aad, Hafraid, caused you to stumble at tike Sing room door." : Yes," eaid l,flpat was Just it .; X very nearly canfflp head first I—! only thonght I'd B in on mywayto fhe , <Sfy. I;®t-- interrupt yon another momenaBa. indeed. I have knyselLao tame ah." '-' I gcvefhemtfen : ririliing8,and-— thlnkjngit . wo« .'aim lilSy to chin. Bunhitt te rituated), tof tost I make a fool of Why. Jonger bnt . the : feet was, that'iy the lastfew weeks, X bad been maEfoy wife sit tor her jnctore, which K; tp icome ; aud paas his jndynwitm, appn » it «?u finished : there was a question as to whether the flower in her hair was an improvement or not. Bnt I knew that Emily Jane would tell Anna Maria all about it However, nothing was said nntil my birthday arrived, and with it the portrait, for which the dear creature had saved up her pin-money, and put herself to the greatest inconvenience. I declare my heart smote me for my base suspicions whenllookedupon that honest .face, which had never worn paint before. Upon that day, she said : "By the by, John, when that telegraph arrived for me from Mr. Merrington, it didn't make you jealous at all, did it ?" " Oh, dear no, my darling ! Jealous of you ? Impossible ! Not, of course, that you are not beautiful enough to make all the world fall inlove with you ; but I never dreamed of snch thing." "That's all right, John," said she, lasting me; but there was a wicked twinkle in her kind eyes as she added drily : " I am glad to hear yon say that, for, do you know, my dear, I almost thought you were just a little jealous." 