LOCAL AND GENERAL NEWS. We are happy in acknowledging the receipt of the follbwing'uoins of money in hid of the isnortunate man Crippl`,hob moat with the-'inLy serious and untoward misfortutes 'at Dundanba a few days ago,' siz.:-Gee, Phillips, Sandgate, £2 2s.; William Crompt6f,' B:A.~ second Malttne Brisbane Grammar School (for self and ifii. Gioinpton), £2; Robert West Mayne, Jimbour,.Dolby, £1; and an anony mous letter signed '1 Topwpomnba," £1. One of our benevolent frievids wrltes that he will 'try to collect aome moid frbii 'liis peredoal'lfriehde.' We hope the noble and prompt example of these contributors, w-ir'ewdi' stirred by the narration of poor Cripps's misfdLinas,- and forwarded their doeations in the most unostentatious. manner,- will be followed by others who may feel-in--a position to alleviate such deep distress. tSince- Writiteg the foregoing we have received a cheque for £8 8s. from Air. Simon Fraser, I.LLA., collected by that.-gentleman as follows :-- i Fras?r £1 is.i; . Randle, £1 Is.;t . Connel, 5,.; G: E. Chielett,-S. ;. ;. Hewitt, is.; J. Sanders, Is. ; E. ibLewia, 10a: BSch decds of benevolence well deserre tecording. We would reminad our readers of the enteitoinment to be given in the School of Arts this evening by the Ipswich Primitive Methodist Musical Society, on which occasion the service of song entitled the " Messiah" will be rendered. The conductor of the society, Mr. W. J. G. Yates, has chosen this piece as being very appropriate for this time of the your; and as the membersoavo of late been most unremitting in their practice wehavr no doubt the entortainment will be worth patronising, and we expeet to see an. overflowing house. A most successful rehearsal was held on Tuesduy evening, the performerd acquitting tlhmelver s very creditably. There will be no ehareo for admission to the entertainment, but a collection will be made in aid of the Primitive Methodist Sabbath School. The members of the Ipswich Mausical Society held an extra rehearsal on Tuesday evening last, at Mr. Mearn's rooms, kindly pIlaced at the disposal of the soriety for the occasion. There was a good attendance both of vocaliste and instrumentalists, and the various slecetious from the " Messiah," together withl the miscellaneous music wehich has been chosen for the next concert, were practised with much vigour. Tihe ensuing concert will prove a great treaty to all lovers of high clats music. A lad about tlen years of age, spo of a farmer named Spellman, residing on the Warwick road, when out riding last wee, sustained rather serious injuries in the regions of the abdomen through his horse falling with hml, and-throwing him violently on the pummel of the saddle. He was brought into town as speedily as possihle, and D)r. ]aossberg having been ralled in, that gentleman stitched the wound; and the boy is now doing ?oell. -Clhristmas is approaching, and with it comes beck :tde memory the many old and food recollections w.lnh the festive sseson at all times arouses. Now is the time above all others when families and near and deer friends meet together, after a twelve-months severance perhaps, to enjoy a short rpspite from the cares and toils of the world's strife, s?id tp enjoy the comforts of the home circle. Many are the lend reeuinga exchanged at this season, and joy and hbp d kehe plaee of the anxiety and worry of vrv-8sy life: Atready imany as absent one has returned to the paternal roof to spend Christmas of 1876 amongst those beat loved and honoured. In the -midt -of the-joy thus oceasioned, -let- as-not-forget those who hbave no home to which to return, nor any friends with whom to exobange-sympathles: -We have amongst us a class of follow-creaturea whloseYpiiildges are restricted in this respectL. We refer to the inmates of the Ipswich Hospital, and we hope that, as in past years, the kind-heartednesie andbeaevolenee of our people will enable the patients to peas as enjoyable a Ohrmstmas as may be ender the ciresmetapees.. We miss poor old Charley Watkins, this year to remind those who tnrre in the habit of giving Christmase preo. seats to the hospital that i repetition of past rfavours rbould be in io aley disagreeable. We hoope,, liw. ever, that thie hint we now th' p*'pot'wilt?hsavts due effect, bnd that it will be our pleasiog ds~ty to ehoptiy acOknowledge ob n bealf :of se'-hpspit? ,pom '"ntteunry d nses of porter, 'bicbflat wine,.a tak of beer, a a?srcas or two of mutton, afew rounds ofbeef, ?oll'ctibnibbffrnit, ifd other 6 ibite~fiels or delicacies which the good taste of our laigb-hearted people may uegeast.' 'The blessings of the sick' and needy, will he their reward, not to speak of the satisfattion.which will arise from the knowledge of hyiisg done their duty., .. . A very interesting lecture de?criptis. of missionary work in the Samoan Islands waa; delivered, in the Congregational: Church last evening, by the Rev. S. H. Davies. There was a moderatelygood attendance; and the Rev. F. H. Browne presided;:. AmongDther interesting particularp, the rev. gentleman stated that the population of the islands was the'sameunow as it was thirty years ago ; that the alphabet of the Samoans eonisated of only fourteen letters, and the'languagh was very soft and musical; that there was no such thing as a poor man in Samoa, and that the hospitality ofthe natives was very great,msoerallarge houses having been erecled for the special aooommodation of visitors. 'The Semoans had an intene loetfor,bome, and whenb they took seriously ill their firt,request was that they might be taken home to die. Among their bad qualk. ties was a habit of denying.:thing they knew to ?_I true; and their propensity to eovetopsaepa, no eua thing'as a real present ever'beng made by them, an, whenover they gave anything, they e'pected eomethin im return., 'Lhcy ware a.mqest ,eober people,, buo oe other. 'LTh marriage tie wile 'not;rd;pected 'amon. thory,pnd there wasnosuphthingae courtship. The admient Sadoei?s believed in ghosts?;a'id in a future state, and were a'very.'immnoral ipebple. Mr. Davide then spoke in ratheruneomplimentary terms of ttde m-anner in which io e"Ameaield'Government hal.l a?ted tbwards-the islands, and setated;that !heb od.' eidered it the most corrupt Governmehtmon-teth fa the:earth;, with the euceptioe of that of uarkley. Thi rev, 'gentleman then.'referred at' somelesigth to tie wonderful success aohieved by the' missionariees; and said that he had preached to as many as 000 Bamoans at a tiihtd, and for ,eare'he had done 'so tdoa congre. 'gation numbering 600. They had 4786 church mem 'bere, and amongst other works they o:pbos eila flrdt rate translation of the Bible. At the request of thb chairwatI , Mr;Deties,'at the:conoluelon' oT,hi lecture, made a few.rpmarks concerning the Pplyneeian labour traffic. HIe slated his belief that scarcely any of t natives understood to nature of their agreements an were in many cases unfairly reated. ' The rev. gentle. mn, howeaer dlid 6ot express a decidel ·apinioton po p'rning the. general, aspect of the. qsetio. gi expresso d the pleasue' he experienced duiring?ips 'int otpswiob, Mr.:Davies-who is' about to prooppd tp Edgluand-bade his 'erarc rerewell:.' Since our last notice of operations in connection with the Queensland Woollen Manufacturing Com. pany's new buildings, 'considerable progress hasbee bee made, and the work is being pushed on very rapidly. As saanyief our readers are interestbd is this eompany, it may not, perhaps, be out of place to give some idea 'of what the buildings will be when completed. A tolerably good conception of their magnitude can be formed when weetate that the mainbumlding is 163ft. long, 100fr. wide, and 12tt.high from the floor to the wallplatee." It is constreuted principally of pine and hardpood, the min sthandards'being Sin. by Sin., lft. apart, and fixed in substantial haidwood ground plates. A row of these standa~ds aons across the building it intervals .of.20ft, for the.purpose of pupporting the roof,-or rather series of roofs; for the building is covered by a number of skillion-eshaped roofs, which are at present being covered with calvaqised and lroe plate-glass lights are being fixed along the front per tionofeach roof. Thbmain partofthebuildingisdivided into three apartments. The largest of these is ll0ft> long by 100ft, wide. In it will be placed the looms, and the operationaeftoidiug, spinning, weaving, and finishing will also be carried on here. One of the othoritwo apartments is to be deoted to the'purpotese of cleaning, teasing, &co.;, and the other will be used for buring and dyeing. Severalother smaller build ings will be ereoted at the southern end of the building wvhew" the engine is to be placed, and a stack 150ft. in height built. Judging from present appear. ances the building will be suited in every way for the purpose for which it is being erected; and we trust the time is not far distant when we shall see the six double-width loom! at presenton their wayto Ippwiehb at work within it.,..Mr. Oramb deserves credit: for the manner in ~which heis " arrying out -his con. tract, the completion,of which.will mark an important eran.i the history of tde " Upper Creek,: A mia nsamed Herman Menke,'employed as a black smith at Sandjy reek, near Fernie Lawn, was thrown from his horse on Saturday last, and sustained a fracture of the collar-bone. He is now under tho ecae otfDr. Loshberg,~and is progressing favourably. An enormous quantity of railway material is qstipreo Bent being landed at the Government wharf at North (pswieb, the 'whole of which is iqtended, we ender. stand, for the Western Railway.. The material coi eeissprincipally of rails andplates, ewhich were brought out from England by the following aessels:-Eden Hplmq, Harmodies, Queen of Nations, Abbey Holme, Sepia, nFameboth, Qorinth, .Eqtburgibin, Ramsey, illharee,:Shun Lee, RadRidingbeood, and E?etminster. These ships have landed about 22,000trails and 58,000 plates, which are being forwarded to Dalby. The Toowoomba, Demapolis, and British Nation, re also bringing out about 5000 more rails, with a correspond number of plates, also intended for the Western line. The third edition of the " Queensland Turf Guide," edited and compiled 'by Mr. B. Jones, will be pub. lisled aboutthe let March next. Oorrespondenoe rele. tire to the pedigrees of blood stook, &e.;, is to be addressed to the editor, care of Mr Keogb, Br:sbane At the Goodna Police Court, yesterday, before Dr. Jaap and Mr. W.H. Aekerley, John Ingle esuin'oned David Pries'for non-payment of wages, and after hear ng evidence a 'verdiet was given for the plaintiff for £2 2s.,"with 8s. 6d. costs. Daniel M'Farlsne sued PAtribk'B1illey for the sum of £2 17s. 8d., goods sold bnd delivered ;'and a verdiet was given for plaintiff, with 4s. costs. Godfrey Lobley summoned David Price for non- paymentof wages. A verdict was given for pldintiff for £4 Oe. 6d., with 8s. 6d. costs. We beg to acknowledge the receipt of a copy of the "Darling Downs Book Almannac, and Toowoomba, Warwick, Stanthorpe, Leyburn, and Dolby Business Directory for 1877." This *publication-which has been issued from the omco of the 2booroontba Chronicle -is ekceedingly well got up, the.typography being ex collent; and contains a vast amount of useful informa tion. Among the most importantfeaturesofthe almanac may be mentioned " A Guido to Selectors" and " Local Skethos--Toowoomba and the Darling Downs." Three latter are carefully written, and give admirable epilomes of the rise and progress of Toowoomba, War wick, 8tanthorpo, Dalby, and Leyburn. From the. "sketeh" under the heading "Toowoomba" we make the following extract:-"The town of Toowoomba, the capital of the Darling Downs, is situated on the sum mit of the great Dividing Range, at an elevation of 1040ft. above the level of the sea. It was not origi nally intended for, or surveyed as, a site for a town. Owing to the hostility manifested by the early pioneers to any encroachment on their runs for townships or other purposes, the few persons who were anxious to do business with the men on the stations were obliged to eettledown atDrayton. It has been rightly termed by Dr. Lang, who once represented it in the Legiela ture of Now South Wales, as a place of ' heights and hollows,' and was about the last spot that any sane man would have chosen for a townehipl. At one time Drayton was a place of considerablo importance. It possessed a hall of justice, built of thle most primitive materials, and oi court days, which was generally held once a month, the town was full of country visitors. In 1851. Toowoomba, which is an aboriginal name signifying' Great an tsefture,' began to attraot atten tion, and iq that year a large quantity of land was sold by the New South Wales Government in farm iots as aurburban to the townotDraytoo. As Toowoomba was the point of ingreus and egress over the Main Bange, a large anount 'ftraflo passed through it, and, oo ~saionally,st many esthirtyor forty bullookteam have been seen in one enoampment on what is now known as the Mort Eitate, bibind the Royal Hotel. . . In 1863 the Legislature passed the Railway Act, which anthorised the construction of a railway from Ipswish -the head of the navigation of the Bremer-to Too woon ba. Although it was at frstsapposed the rail way- osIdratherinjurathacn romote the progresssf Toowoomba, the reverse has proved to be the case. flopert bte dnrensUed in iilcb,$he p-wblation hsa more than doubled iteelf, and'To;woombs has ad. ranoed with a .apidity unpaaillated incthsh111itoq.o any other town not dependenton a gold-mining popn latioqn. ' :;r;; Within the?pt wen rkrs ithas grown Trom a villagep pojlation bf two h?ndred souls to its present large diwnteopq. In the next ten yearn, ifits growth is asstetdyo ddentinnous as inthe peat, it mulstrbobome:theb ?soond motiimpOtatown?n Queeneland." , . ", "7Hq ,: i. SAn advitibitiment from "theI afitlbf a 6f'8,bir andf lrHbalh;s pjibibd tin an nhei'bjindh iotlSes i drydobi ih to esieiis Waidei 'd any deim'a being Son.e thn ib ! o areferred pn advert aisamenod r puftw, wh The,Sydney go42reapona ptrefm.the.,G'oader, son. menting app he latte.itereaigtnal orieket wptpbcin that city, says :--Our cricketers have so)eiyes~a ilst rieoloryin 4 efeatisg :the AlEpglaspd Ps!-itsot best eleven; that,~hase ever ;iepitd 4t, ;n ?d eqeor colonial kijglte:pftbe wjJow ,re j ebhtitmpi ople quence, with perhaps do hof the blowipg, lsimpt in their rejoiomigehatsyioell, only natul. To be sure, we hadfggft? eq qittep aieat the English eleven, but no team 7o of "Engsand ever before ventured tp meet the ridb players of tp r jwprld iw?th only foer ntrs men,,an4o wl' ie lat degree of prnSeienby, oiirenq.storh pro f... 4 New Bouth Wales tlisesecar of heti to thepa ientrbe nde?dpnpajo hand of AW er "champin rdh owler,Jf afrmmay I sp Tb'ap lo his battisg cad. liaii eigiid well as bowling;j flr,tk lng iui nsllr}i'sd).e.'ie uieiaitedly thebsetsslitsMr we hare. He i4: JLooel fellow i en cll his to 'btsLcstk" .cPsil't,'?lopt something yon-ow bdo?" oY t me," Maid Evanse.?btL?p?P. ,ae lan - no ox oused.,, M.Hany -K l yp, nn in ie boloiin i , tell io ate ahonpieena dih greeatuttienml t!d WWdidW@4ildjeI.ý *em my subject, awhioibyeldittl i re ' dba bAlbrbfii4diibngt t e. thereowereabout eludiip our andsi nsnl'epray on'Mone .' of the mobinet,nd'arntt h taidhK tb ii?im'aeai?rl6d'h genial e. dvbr; ilbet'i little brieejek tp to hie ifisinyhi dilt d iieriereiad. femloeetlweien down from Brj?bea-eMr,'iMett, your Poetmeiater. General, among_th inepmqji albelieee asme of thea Briebane vI itors. Sriseridjadig t9 etp psapisy ge for the All-E and tesa?tor gtq?gpr _ty,hoot?le . not come to termse.: levenw, pp p byc a a match here against par . iserisy myst? euf fored a defeat of wlii they n feel ashaniedfor'oda rAl n cirke'ps are all, ~oJc lpyers. It is very likely a tesa iof o~biketeire btedt t eji go to.Brisbate b alletoe our my judodhmo th il?l W inlain ng?l The All.Eoglind einekters hIp my from Newcastle, where they.o++y k T >twenty two players from thoe'bo:hpi~ d? ?.io?ile 'At'hiiEteoutive meeting this morlig;report leek 6evening'sr l wIjJ;gripthe p ap _sri for the con. of Me. bered wnthialltios naltlteas4 yfped:he in October last, - whenMessre. ' "?ailmwase he lowest-napely £59,00o o but.owingitohabSea?av ing been disqualified as bot.tt.actoorayliaitera Bailway Depiartment, £heie.tesderewaosdl dered eligible. The next lowest tenderiwas Mer.-Bash ford and Co.'e-B62,4h3 lit d, bstgv0r wisely, 1s the aeqopal.proves, i1. pens deni4plty or Joyh tenders, dat the prult iswl earvig ? q ehe country. seldom; if)TOP e (vearllsy t Satoledy'Xe:eMBE) anatil season has there been so long a contineance of exces sire heat as that which now prevailsonfDAltibsan in. deed, as we learn, generally to the west, Talewmo thend detorms thath veper nrarredbadeieorlild ity atiemporaryintento selnoolingte0l atmosphere, lr6d h has soon regained its tropiealiharaoter. The thermo. inOmeter has ranged in Dalbyn doaio? h''be? td?rp ,e t deolination is ie easing9thei butIsevery probabilt q o? a continune of this etatet lirdo fta~s ldi nteoi l, e On Telday -Departmig ant omeir.tdearp lighttn? nd thendersorm a whihoule frsh trd quarters,S.and E and nited over theat which no,prevaslldfoDiseerallnure, during which s weear, gonked with tome refreshing rain. The storm wat h rya heavy at Jimbour and at Stemop's piddockiin re,o e -areinfd atmospere, ila0ge quantity of raip fell. OnD Thuridey~edternoon a than. derhas etorm con rmmened i the noralnd after. sometim spread ohas ranged if Dt tows, finly e'beidig in toe east. Yesterday was eot and eloddy.bust !n.1 Mr. Morton11 Tareea:nd his drameti nd om atnm' from risbnuane oppeisred atTbhie i?l- erieaet. night, bundt we areohirr to sl thestthey were not e. seiaed asni they o ?ght to havbeefn. The dramati. part of the performanoe comprisqf 't1¶vprl )npege. meduringts, whiche as, well ao ed n ithme econpfr ohi the enertainment borm a ed of a of elegtndof hand tricks by Hre'lDolinmequ, who exposed the Davenport Brotbers'-trick, and explained bow it was done. o.Weregret that somal. llan aditernooe the pre sent to see tie wonderful porforminoeeof intot olier illusionist. - - USTAorm om.-Taylored irotler and ebrated "Cha time lopeng" brand is propFred frton the Vhcilsbet deed by a patent pros whiapreveand his fermentation, and at ghte same time retains the pungeny anwed purity of fleiavour to degree which ntoa ber. ro he dramat parsh. The dqrfuble superfine quality is pe re commended, Stem as lls, Bridk.Tnne, London, E port Chicory Mills, Bruges, Belgium. r SOLUBLE CHOCOLATE,.niade in one minute without boiling. The above articles are prepared ex clusively by TA n olMEqe, the laporgsedt mathe fDavcturer in Europe, and old in tin-lined packete by sent to see te e wond others all over the world. MAtRAVILLA COCOA.- Brothyl' eeb ers, Con don, sameing the retnsthe supply of this unrivalled Cocoa, i degrite comparison with any er other Coo for Puommendrity-fied, Aroma-ilativ, Nutritive and Bn- portining Power Onoril wil estblish it as a favourite Beverage for breakfast, luncheon, and a Soothing Retfreshmeou t aboiling. late evening. MARAVILLA COCOA.-The lobtheroy, "Tlor Bronther' haravilla Cocoa has achieved a thorois uri sle co, andvite pecomparison withevery any other oonOote Market Enrity--ire solubility, delicatearom, autritive aconcen tration of brhe purest, lunchement ofnutrition, ndistinguish the lMaravilla Cocoa above all others. For consumerv of Cocoa, especially Invalids and Dyspeptics, we could not recommend amore agreeable or valuable beverage." For further favourable opinions vide Staondard, Morning Post, British Medical Journal, 4re. IIOMOEOPATItCO COCOA.-This original -pre paration, which has attained such a world-wide repu tation, is manufactured by Taylor Brothers, under the ablest homoopathic advice, aided by the skill and experience of the ipventors, and will be found to oom bino in an emincent degre, the purily, fine areoma and nutritious property of the fresh nut. 