THE HAUNTED HOUSE, OR THE SHADOW AT RIVER HALL. By Mrs. J. H. RIDDELL, Author of A Life's Assize, George Grith &C.; CHAPTER VIII (CONTINUED). WITH every step I took towards town came renewed courage; and when I reached Ned's lodgings, I felt ashamed of my pusillanimity. "I have been sleep-walking, that is what it is," I decided. " I have opened the doors and turned off the gas myself, and been frightened at the work of my own hands. I will ask Munro what is the best thing to insure a quiet night." Which I did accordingly, receiving for answer - Keep a quiet mind. "Yes, but if one cannot keep a quiet mind; if one is anxious and excited, and-" "In love," he finished, as I hesi- tated. "Well, no; I do not mean that," I said; "'though, of course, that might enter into the case also. Suppose one is uneasy about a certain amount of money, for instance?" "Are you?" he asked, ignoring the general suggestions of my remark. "Well, yes ; I want to make some if I can." "Don't want, then," he advised. "Take my word for it, no amount of money is worth the loss of a night's rest; and you have been tossing about all night, I can see. Come, Patterson, if it's forgery or embezzlement, out with it, man, and I will help you if I am able." "If it is either one or the other, I should go to Mr Craven," I answered, laughing. "Then it must be love," remarked my host; "and you will want to take me into your confidence some day. The old story, I suppose: beautiful girl, stern parents, wealthy suitor, poor lover. I wonder if we could interest her in a case of small-pox. If she took it badly, you might have a chance ; but I have a presentiment that she has been vaccinated." "Ned," was my protest, "I shall certainly fling a plate at your head."' "All right, if you think the exertion would do you good," he answered. " Give me your hand, Patterson ;" mnd beforo I knew what he wanted with it he had his fingers on my wrist. " Look here, old fellow,". he said . you will be laid up, if you don't take cpre of yourself. I thought so when you came in, and I am sure of it now. What have you been doing ?" " Nothing wrong, Munro," I an swered, smiling in spite of myself. " 1 have not been picking, or stealing, or abducting any young woman, or court ing my neighbour's wife; but I am worried and perplexed. When I sleep I have dreadful dreams - horrible dreams," I added, shuddering. " Can you tell me what is worrying and perplexing you 1" lie asked, kindly after a moment's thought. " Not yet, Ned," I answered " though I expect I shall have to tell you soon. Give me something to make me'sleep quietly: that is all I want now." "Can't you go out of town ?" he in quired. " I do not want to go out of town,' I answered. " I will make you up something te strengthen your nerves," he said, after a pause; " but if you are not better well, before the end of the week, take my advice, and run down to Brighton every Sunday. Now, you ought to give me a guinea for that," he added, laugh ing. "I assure you, all the gold headed cane, all the wonderful chrono meter doctors who pocket thousands per annum at the West End, could make no more of your case than I have done." "' I am sure they could not," I said gratefully; "and when I have tihe guinea tospare, to be sure 1 shall not forget your fee." Whether it was owing to his medicine, or his advice, or his cheery, health giving manner, I have no idea; but that night, when I walked towards the Haunted House, I felt a different thing. On my way I called at a small corn chandler's, and bought a quartern of flour done up in a thin utterly insuffi cient bag. I told the man the wrapper would not bear its contents, and he said he could not help that. I asked him if he had no stronger bags. . He answered that he had, but he could not afford to give them away. I laid down twopence extra, and in 'quired if that would cover the expense of a sheet of brown paper. Ashamed, he turned aside and pro duced a substantial bag, into which he put the flour in its envelope of curling t-'BSUO. I thanked him, and pushed the two pence across the counter. With a grunt he thrust the monusy back. I said good night, leaving current coin of the realm to the amount indicated behind me. Through the night he shouted, " Ii air, you've forgotten-your change " Through the night I shouted back, " Give your next customer its value in oivility." * All of which did me good. Squab bling with flesh and blood is not a baa preliminary to entering a ghost-haunted houso. Once again I was at River Hall. Looking up at its cheerless portal, I was amazed at first to sea the outside lamp flaring away in the darkness. Then I remembered that all the other gas being out, of course this, which I had not turned off, would blazo more brightly To be continued. A MALICIOUS correspondent speaks of a young lady at one of the watering-places who has been "nineteen" for five seasons. 