A PAIR OF SCALES. It was nearly noon, the sun at its zenith, but the solid row of brown-stone fronts on Blank Street remained imperví[o] us to the heat and glare of the warm spring day. The heavy cornice at the roof took a warmer tinge, and a few oblique rays made the marble vestibule hot to the feet of the butler at No. 7, but did not pene- trate through the first layer of leather in the cow- hide boots of John Dobson. He stumped up the broad steps, clattering his umbrella, and pulled the silver knob with a force that made the gong resound through the high halls of the interior. That boom had something portentous about it. Never before had the gong been stretched to its fullest capacity for sound, and the butler opened the door with a frown. Upon seeing the round rubicund face of Mr. Dobson, with its long cunning eyes, its protruding lips, and firm solid chin, the frown upon the face of the butler deepened into a grimace of disgust ; he did not unfasten the chain, but simply shook his head. "Nobody at home," he said, with laconic severity. " Oh, I guess there is," said Mr. Dobson. " I rather think you can find some one, young man, if you look pretty hard. Just tell your young lady that Mr. Dobson's here, and wants to see her mother if she can make it convenient ; and in the mean time be kind enough to undo that contrivance there and let me in, for the sun's pretty hot outside here." The butler undid the chain without a word, and Mr. Dobson entered. There was something in the grocer's manner that told the shrewd servant further resistance was useless. " The game's played," said the butler to him- self, as he found Mr. Dobson passing the chairs in the hall, and making his way into the sacred precincts of the drawing-room. " It's all up," he repeated, for the butler knew pretty well, as did all the other dependents in the house- hold, that for many a month they had been hanging upon the edge of Mr. Dobson's leniency. When he put his ear to the keyhole a little later, his worst suspicions were confirmed. " Oh, your mother can't see me, hey ?" said Mr. Dobson ; "she's not very well, you say ? She never is when I'm around. One would think there was nothing about me that sickened her delicate taste. Well, I don't know as it makes much difference. Just tell her for me, will you, that there'll be a red flag at the door on Wednesday morning, and every thing'll go without reserve." The grocer got upon his feet and took his hat from the floor. That look gave a desperate courage to Miss Livingstone, for it spoke of ownership, and said plainly enough that from that moment he was the master there. " Stay Mr. Dobson," cried poor Kate, with a gesture of entreaty. " There is one favour—a very great favour—I must ask of you." Mr. Dobson looked upon the young girl with a cautious yet curious reserve. He distrusted and yet was gratified by this concession on the part of a Livingstone. " It ain't any more delays, is it ? No flummery of that kind ?" " No, no," said Kate. " Heaven knows I am glad to be done with this agony of suspense." Mr. Dobson's face softened more and more. "If it's any of these gimcracks about," he blurted out generously ; " any of these figgers or pictures—hang it, you can have the pianny there, if you want it ; there's plenty more for Mary Jane where that came from." "No, no, Mr. Dobson, nothing for myself ; but oh, Dobson, my mother ! She is no longer young ; she is not strong ; she must not know the depth of our reverses. Give me, I beg of you, the furniture in my mother's room !" " Yah !" snarled Mr. Dobson, and Kate was silent. From the moment she had mentioned her mother's name his face had grown crimson, the veins in his forehead swollen to bursting. " You want me to help you in this little farce to save her feelings ; and when has she ever saved mine ? She's despiged me and mine for many a year— despiged us," he repeated, taking a singular comfort in pronouncing the word with a g. "She's rode by in her chariot—" "Oh, Sir," interposed Kate, "it was only a hired hack, and she dismissed it long ago." " In her chariot," pursued Mr. Dobson, "and splashed the mud from her wheels in our faces, and she'd 'a rode over our necks if she could ; but it's my turn now, Miss Livingstone; by heavens, it's my turn now !" He put his hat upon his head, and only paused at the door to say that his son would be there in an hour or so to take the inventory:then he went out without the assistance of the butler, who had long scorned the multifarious duties assigned to him, and from that time took no trouble to usher people in and out of the doomed doorway. Kate watched the unwieldly form of the grocer disappear, then put her slim hands about her head with a movement of agony. The luxury about her was oppressive: the heavy embroidered curtains seemed to shut out the air : the monogram upon the shades a cabalistic sign of ruin. What in the world was to be done with her mother ? Kate had grown used to the picture of Sydney, Claudia, the children, and herself huddled together in one of the grim square rooms in the old brick house, the floor dingy and uncarpeted, the walls bare, a few chairs and tables about : but she had never been able to make a mother one of the group. She could far better fancy her safe, unscathered, free from the contamination of want and poverty, cold and haughty still in the one ghastly but luxurious article of furniture. There and there alone, it seemed to the daughter, she could still be the implacable gentlewoman. Kate almost wished for her the unspeakable rest and security of death, and when the bell rang again, and the eldest son of the Dobson family was admitted into her presence, he started. Kate's desperate thoughts had given their ghastly hue to her face : her lips were livid and trembling when she bade him a civil good-morning. "Is there anything I can do for you, Miss Livingstone ?" said John Dobson, Jun. '' You ?" said Kate, with an indefinable accent of courteous contempt. " Yes, I," he replied. " You must not scorn to take advantage of even the poor aid that I can offer you. God himself chooses sometimes the meanest of human creatures to further His designs." '' He has used your father to some purpose in our case," said Kate, insolently. " What your father has denied me, I suppose it is not in your power to grant. I begged him for the furniture in my mother's apartment. We thought it possible, Sydney and I, to keep her free from the wretchedness that awaits us. You see, she would not leave her chamber." Kate paused ; she had forgotten that it was to a hated Dobson she was detailing all this misery of supplication. Despite the inevitable red hair and freckles of the Dobson family, there was something about this young man, as he stood there with hat in hand and head bowed—an air about him of one who was in the presence of fallen royalty—that had induced her to again give speech to the wish that yearned in her heart. " But, of course, this is nothing to you," said Kate. " On the contrary," said John Dobson, Jun., "I pledge you my word that every article in your mother's chamber shall be yours. I will see that they are carefully removed down town. Is there any thing else I can do for you, Miss Livingstone ?" "Why, no," said Kate, believing in this promise despite herself, and opening wide her brown eyes upon this young grocer. " If you can assist you," said John, '' you'll appeal to me, won't you ? I have been in rough contact with the side of the world to which you are about to be introduced ever since I was knee-high to a grasshopper. It seemes a burly animal when it turns its rough side, but if you stroke it the right way, it's as gentle as a kitten. You'll let me know if I can be of any further service to you, won't you ?" "Why, yes," said Kate, gazing after the young man in a species of petrifaction. "I tell you what it it, Claude," said Sydney Livingstone to his younger sister, the night after the sale, " that fellow Dobson isn't such a very mean beggar as you would suppose. He's going to get me a position in a bank. I shouldn't wonder if his ancient buffalo of a father owns half the concern. But Dobson junior isn't so bad. He copies the grand air so well it'll be taken for the original one of these days. I said some sharp, cutting things to-day in his hearing, but he never moved an eyelid, and after that confounded business was over, he came to me and compelled me to talk to him. I pretended not to see the hand he offered me, and held my chin pretty high, but he managed to take all the starch out of my sails. Confound the cheese-monger, I admire him !" " And I hate him !" said Claudia, her nose, which was always rather retroussé, perched high in the air with disdain. " I hate them all ! Just fancy Mary Jane Dobson's rough red hands sprawled over the keys of Kate's piano, and John's ugly face reflected in your dressing- glass !" " Mary Jane's hands are whiter than yours, Claude," said Sydney. " I don't believe one of the strings of Kate's instrument will indignantly break beneath their pressure, nor will my mirror scorn to reflect the rugged head of John junior. The fact is, my dear, the old folks up yonder will be like cats in a strange garret, but the second generation will develop a wonder- ful faculty for assimilation." In the mean time this faculty became very much in demand for themselves. This old brick tenement, which would have gone long ago with the rest had it not been protected by a long lease, was in a queer locality to the Livingstones. The neighbourhood had once been a fine one, but was now of rather a squally elements that had the same antipathy to mixing which is attributed to oil and water. Drinking halls and shops abounded, and, very much to their disgust, our friends found the whole lower front of their house converted to the uses of commerce. One of the windows was turned into a shop casement, and the other into a door. Shelves and drawers adored the walls, and an indescribable greasy and musty smell permeated the premises. " We'd better shut up this concern altogether," said Sydney, one morning, " and live up stairs, unless we concluded to go into trade with the rest ;" and turning to Kate he found that a sudden glow had leaped into her pale face. '' Oh, Sydney." she said, " if you only could !" "Could what ?" said Sydney. " Go into trade, dear ; open a shop or some- thing. Don't start—don't be shocked, dear. Sydney, my darling, what are we to do ? We haven't a penny in the world. If you could only know what I have suffered with the thought of what absolute destitution means to creatures like us, about all to you, my noble, handsome boy, my brilliant—" "Stop there, Kate," said the poor lad. "If we could convert those charms of which you speak into good hard cash I'd be willing, Heaven knows, to be sold as a slave ! I'd pledge half my life to dig in the bowels of the earth, or work at any drudgery. This pittance at the bank hardly serves me for decent shoes." " Claudia and the boys must be kept at school," pursued Kate; "and mamma must not know. You see, darling, something must be done : we haven't a penny in the world." " Did it ever occur to you, Kate," said Sydney, " that people who have no pennies are shut out from trade as they are from other luxuries? The commodities that are usually found in a store originally come from some other establish- ment, and an equivalent in cash is required." " We could begin with a little. Mr. Dobson told me once he had scarcely any thing when he began." " When he began," murmured Sydney, " he'd no meat in the pan, but from little to big, he's become a great man. But we can't all be Dobsons, Kate ; he had a genius for huckstering, no doubt. I must go and bid mamma good- bye." Sydney went slowly up the old staircase, his boyish face already lined with care. The room that Sydney entered a few moments later was exactly the counterpart of the second story front chamber in Blank Street, and the moment he crossed the threshold, Sydney fell into the bearing and fastidious drawl of a young gentleman of leisure. The fine finicky dame who lay back among pillows adorned with point lace, and gathered nervously in her hand a silken coverlet, looked upon her son with a wistful pride that had something pitiable about it. A morsel of golden brown toast and a cup of chocolate rested untouched upon a silver salver by the side of the couch ; Sydney's feet sank in the rich Persian carpet ; his weary eyes rested upon the luxurious apointments of the room with a vague sense of ease ; the curiously twisted legs of the elaborately carved chairs caught his fancy ; the various inlaid woods at the top of the bedstead, and the crimson silken canopy they surrounded, were familiar to him. Cupid and Psyche over there in the niche were old friends of his ; and Hercules, poor old fellow, had supported that marble slab for as long as Sydney could remember. The rich curtains hung in heavy folds to the floor, mellowing with a faint crimson the garish light of the morning sun : it was all an episode of the old glad graceful days. " I am not well," said his mother, as he kissed the slender white hand that lay listlessly in his own, " I shall never leave his room again, Sydney, never !" "Oh, mamma, I hope you will—that is one of these days," he added, qualifying this wish, for he suddenly remembered the dingy squalor just beyond this luxurious threshold, the battered staircase, the long gloomy halls, the mildewed paper hanging in tattered shreds from the great empty rooms only one partition away. Below, on the first floor, Kate had contrived to give at least an air of cleanliness to the few living rooms they occupied ; but the top of this grim barrack was as yet almost unexplored ; so this bit of luxury, hemmed in with dilapidation and decay, seemed like an oasis in the desert of poor Sydney. He went down the ricketty old stairs with his eyes shut, so that he might take with him the luxury that was so familiar and dear. Kate divined all that he felt and suffered. Sydney's was an artistic soul, and craved the frescoed walls, the Turkish carpets, the gilt and sculptured beams, the malachite and jewelled adornments, of their old salon. As for her, the very remembrance of those luxuries, held by so ignominionious and desperate a tenure, sickened the heart within her ; the very air in that upper room seemed to her to be always half fainting to escape, as indeed was poor Kate herself: so that she always will declare that Providence sent to their door Count Drowski, in search of paper collars. The little shop was then a thing accomplished, thanks to the (to Kate) inexplicable and un- bounded generosity of John Dobson, Jun. ; and one morning as she was watching warily the counter through the glass door of the back-room where breakfast was being dispatched after the commercially precipitous American fashion, Sydney suddenly called out, " There is Count Drowski!" And Ktae beheld that queer little man gazing about her shop through his cracked tortoise- rimmed spectacles. " Have you, madame,'' he said—and Kate wondered if he had determined thus deliberately to cut his old friends—" any collars of paper ?" It was not till she opened the box and told him the price of the article that the dear little man started back in astonishment. " Why in truth," he began, " am I dreaming ? or is this—" He extended his hand. " My faith, you honour these people, then, by con- descending to wait at their counter ? May I ask after your mamma." " These people are my people, my dear count," said Kate ; " this counter belongs to me ; and when we have decided about the collars, if you will allow me I will present you to mamma." " With all my heart," he said, and paying for the collars with a solitary little stamp that he brought from the depths of his dingy vest, the count followed Kate to the backroom, where he was received by the younger portion of the Livingstone family with enthusiasm. He was persuaded to partake of their muffins, and drank two great mugs of coffee with the ardour of one fresh from fasting, and the zest of a connoisseur. An hour or two later he was still sipping the fragrant Mocha from a tiny Sèvres china cup, talking volubly the while to the poor delighted lady, who had always been partial to the impecunious nobleman. Thereafter at least twice a week the count honoured them with his company at breakfast ; and upstairs his presence was like a tonic to the proud, foolish gentlewoman, who took heart and brightened, and made her toilet as carefully for this one habby count as she did long ago for the hautton of the metropolis. Kate, in her gratitude, when she found that one side of the collars was exhausted, and he had already begun to turn them upon the other, would fain have given him a new box from her plentiful stock, but refrained from motives of delicacy. There were three sturdy lives between the count and the felicity of wealth, and as he had never been able to murder his cousins, even in his heart, he had resigned all hopes of the barony across the sea ; but there remained to him a pride of birth and a vague possibility of this reversion of title which would have rendered impossible to him the acceptance of a box of paper collars at the hands of Miss Livingstone. So the little business prospered space; the small shop had developed into a big one, and had not only swollen up the back-room, but encroached upon the yard, and even the cellar paid tribute to this commercial emporium. Claudia was eighteen; the boys at school began to scorn jackets, and one of them had commenced an epic poem, fragments of which appeared in his letters. Sydney's twenty years were worn with such grace and dignity that the small urchins in the neighbourhood doffed their ragged hats to him, and inquired affectionately after every now article of clothing that appeared to their dazzled eyes. He was the idol of all those feminine hearts that looked to him, each in its own was, to redeem the tarnished lustre of the family. Many were the groans and complaints in that luxurious chamber up stairs of the wasted life of this handsome scion of their race. Claudia and her mother bemoaned by the hour his absence from the fashionable haunts of the season, and his inability to appear where his presence would lend such a lustre to the scene of festivity, not forgetting the squandering in this dingy obscurity of Claudia's own brilliant and beautiful zenith. For every blush that flitted across the mobile face of her daughter the poor mother heaved a sigh of bitterness and envy ; blushes were so rare in the American market, and here they were running all to waste. The long blonde curls of the fair girl were watered by tears of frustration. " Come, come, mamma, who knows?" replied Claudia, in that vocabulary of society in which Quien sabe ? means much. In fact, Claudia had determined with commendable zeal to improve every oppor- tunity that offered itself for the bettering of their fallen fortunes, and abated visibly her old scorn of John Dobson, Jun, During the business interviews of her eister with tbe successful grocer. Claudia flitted gracefully to and fro, her glowing eyeB and blonde tresses, the sweep of her drapery near him, and a musí' cal mocking note in his ear, causing Dobson junior to pauee with pencil in hand, and follow thia beautiful vision till it vanished out of his eight. Once «he even invited him lo breakfast -a hospitality that Kate would bave ventured upon years before, but wa« deterred by tho high nose of her young elater, and the freezing hauteur of the dingy count, who, it muet be said, still held the young tradesman in disapprobation, and scowled through bis spectacles upon the footing he bad gained in the household. " Tbe insolence of this bourgeois," be said to Mrs. Livingstone, " makes my blood to boil." I Xbat lady shook her head and sighed, but asked j no questions of what was going on bB ow. As for Eat«, she was already an old maid, as befitted the business woman of the establishment. Gray hairs had crept in among the brown, and increased rapidly day by day. Her gentle eyes wore a strained and frightened look : she waa absent-minded, and started when spoken to ; she lived in a reverie that bad eomething portentous and terrible about it. The little business had been hers alone. She had held it in the hollow of ber hand ; in it sho had thrown her youth, ber beauty, and " the tender grace of a day that was dead." And now a demon of doubt bsd entered there. Where waa that intangible flawP Every peony that went out and came in passed through ber hands or thoae of Sydney, ber brother. Ilia wat the only help ehe had had, bis the only heart she could rest upon ; his ready hands, bis quick eye, bis lightning-like capacity, had been given over to her whenever he had a moment of leisure But the money went from the safe ; at first in small sums, tben larger, increasing appallingly. Elate became terrified; her eyee burned and blazed as they rested upon Sydney. The boy was growing handsomer every dsy ; faultlessly attired) of irreproachable manner, he had quite tbe air of a grand seigneur. One morning he bad lingered over the ledger longer than usual, and taking his fine watch out to see the time, a bank-note fell from his pocket upon the desk before them. He put it back again hastily. Kate's eyes fastened themselves upon his hurried fingers; she grew suddenly pale, SB if she had seen a spectre. Sydney sped sway to the bank, and Kate's head fell upon her hands with a groan. Latter on the count found ber quite insensible, but at the sound of his voice ehe revived. " What best thou, my child ?" be cried ; " the migraine has seized thee in thia miaerable shop." *? No, no," she said ; " do not speak of it, count. I enjoin it upon your honour. I am better ; I am well. Ob, count, iu the name of Heaven, go, go !" " I go," said the count ; " but when I return, if the great God will permit, I «ball change all thia," and disappeared in the hot murky street. Kate looked after him in bewilderment. " Tbe world ie gone mad," she said, bitterly ; then she took up the pen Sydney had dropped, climbed to the seat he had filled, and mechani- cally began to add up a line. But a grim black phantom sat upsn her shoulder ; a shadow fell before her eyee, ehut ont the paper, dimmed the figures. She re- mained mute and terrified, hour after hour, s cold hand upon ber heart. When Sydney came in at night, it was she that feared to meet bis eyes.« His step waa light and elastic ; his eyes sought her own with their old glad humour and vivacity. " TU put in a night at the books for you, Kate," he said, noting ber pale and wastedcheek, ber quivering smile. " This beastly tread-mill is westing you ont. Tou'd better leave it to me fora while." " Yea, yes," she said, putting her elim hand upon his shoulder and looking into his eyes, her own filling with hot, torturing tears. " It is all your own, Sydney, isn't it, dear?" " What is my owu, Kate ?" " The-business here-the money-every- thing ! You know it ie all yours, Sydney, don't you ?" " What do yon mean, Kate ? Of course not. God forbid ! My only ambition is to sink this concern, dear, in oblivion. Just as soon as I can stagger under tbe responsibility that hss beet) yours for so many years, you can retire, dear, on your fortune--only don't bs mieerly, Kate. When I get in a corner, you'll help me out, won't you ?" Kate burst into a passion of tears. "Onlyaakme, 8ydney," she sobbed. "All I have is yours. Only tell me, I beg of you." " See here, Kate," said Sydney, taking her in his arms, "you're not well ; you're over-strung ; you're hysterical. Hangit, Kate, be a man -no, be a woman-no, be your own priceless, good, sensible self, lt frets me to the soul to Bee you in this way. We'll hare to get a doctor or something." All the next day Sydney could not get his sister's pale stricken face from bit memory i so at night he wat nervout and out of spirits. Kate crept out of bia way, but watched him fur- tively. The daya went on, each one heavier than the last-a week, a montb, went by. The missing amounts began to decrease. But it was over now. What mattered it? Beggary and ruin were nothing compared to what she bad passed through in the Btruggle to believe in the old immunity from dishonour. She waa callous, hardened to all now. All day she suffered, sud when night came, ber sleep wat murdered by frightful dreams. She fancied that a while shape stood by her bedside, a skeleton hand bent over ber, two mild eyes looked down through her closed lids, a panting breath touched her cheek ; then the presence vanished, only lo come again, always in the dead of night, always in white, noiseless, without substance or solidity. It came and went like a disembodied ghost. It was a fright- ful fantasy. Kate was compelled to put off one of her last payments to John Dobson, Jun. " One of thoBO days," ehe said to him, bitterly, " you will have to take another iuveutory : a re J flag will bs at the door again." John looked at her anxiously. Her eyes were lurid ; a crimson spot burned on her cheek ; ber hand trembled as it touched his own. " What is it ? What haB gone amiss ? Oan't you trust me. Miss Livingstone? Can't you confide in me ?" John again took her shaking band. But she drew it away with a harsh i grating laugh. I " It is a thing with which trust and confidence have nothing to do," she said, j Suddenly the thefts stopped. The money rc I mained in the safe untouched. Kate saw with bewilderment that she was becoming rich again. Every morning elie expected it to be gone but ; found it there, solid and safe, to at least.eave : her from debt and ruin. But all these things j were as nothing now. At the end of a few months John Dobson, i Jun., was sent for, and received bis last payment. ' But it tortured him to see the old eager light I gone from 'Kate's eyes. She hsd been wont, ¡ like a miser, to gloat over every gold piece that j fell into his bard broad palm, and shiver with j ecstasy over the rustling of the banknotes. I " I shall be so glad to be rid of you, John ! Doheon," she would say. And then her vaico ! would soften, and she would add, gently, " But j the debt of gratitude I can never pay; let , that be a bond between us till I am cold in j death." John hated to miss all this. It was bitter to him. The cold listlessness of her manner, the mechanical tone of her voice, grated on hie inner- most soul. It seemed to him tbat shs had only lived to poy bim this wretched money, and now that the debt was cancelled, the pulse had gone out of ber life, taking all the warmth and gladness from his own. " And now that ia all," Kate had said, with s sigh of relief, when the had counted out tile last dime of her indebtedness. She had placed one upon another the clean crisp bills upon John's hard hand ss of old ; but than she bad not looked up in his faoe with her tender womanly smile, and added that little formula about the bond of gratitude-" and now that is all," she said, and there was that in her words that cut John Dobson to the core. " i* it all, Miss Livingstone?" said John, all his impetuous soul in his eyes. " Is it really all ? Is there nothing more ?" " Ian't it right f" she said, looking up with a ebiver of affright. " Have 1 counted the money wrong ?" " Hang the money !" said John, and tearing the pile of billa in half, he strewed the fragments on the floor ; then grinding bia heel into his hard won treasure, be uttered a sort of groan, and walked awey. Kate looked after bim in a wonder that began soon to blend with a vague mysterious joy. Two burning tears fell out of her eyes, her whole frame trembled, so wrenching was the birth of glsdness to that troubled soul. Claudia came in, and finding those two tears upon Kate's cheeks, the torn bills upon the floor, her worldly wit divined all. " Has fae made you an offer?" she said, lifting tenderly the maltreated money to her botom t " and were you goose enough to refuse him ? I wish he'd ask me I How fine it must have been to thus fling away these pretty treasures of art ! But, my dear, they can be pasted together again, A delightful task ! I'll do it myself." Suddenly a blaok shadow loomed in the door wsy. *? Why," said Claudia, " it's the count ! A la bonne heure.'" He waa dressed in black from his head to his feet, and there wat an indefinable tone about hit costume. His voice shock a little as hs begged Kate to go with bim above to ber mamma. The air of the room se they entered made her cling to the count's arm for support. The faint dead perfume there brought back to her the phantom that stood by her bedside months ago. " What is it ?" cried the poor gentlewoman, stretching out her arms to the nobleman. " Are you the baron ?" " I am the baron," he repeated, bowing very low, " and yours, madame, tili death. Your excellent mamma," he said, turning to Kate, " bas been kind enough to make me the little loan which waa neoeeasry for my expenses abroad: 8he it wat who discovered the meian chally drowning of my poor oousins. She hst alto given me to hope for tbe honour of an alli- ance with her family. Behold, my dear Mees Catherine, at your feet my hand and fortune!" The baron's head almost touched the hem of Kate's cambric gown. She looked at the sparsely covered cranium before her at if it wen a remarkable study in anatomy. " My daughter accepts the honour," began Mrs Livingstone ; but Kate made a gesturerof denial. " You have earned the right to yonr bappinetss," pursued her mother ; " it was your money that gained the baron his estates. I took the liberty of using your money, Kate, my child ; I bops it was not too great a liberty." Here Mrs. Livingetone began to whimper and flutter her bands, for Kote'a «yet retted upon her with something solemn in their depths. " I thought that what was my daughter's was mine-" " Was it you, mamma P" said Kate-" oh, was it you P" Übe escaped from the mute obeisance of the eouut, and went over to the bedside. { " Did you take the money from the safe, mamma," she whispered. " Tes, yes ; of course I did. "Ob, mamma, mamma," oried Kate, "you have lifted a deadly weight from my heart. My life is yours, dear mamma." "Stuff and nonsense!" cried poor Mrs. Livingstone. " I don't went your life ! Give it to tbe baron there, who has been all this time with bis head so low that I'm afraid he'll have a rush of blood.-My daughter accepts the honour-" began poor Mrs. Livingstone again, and again ber obstinate daughter intervened. "Oh no," said Kate, looking upon the little man with a sort of terror, " not for the world, mamma !" "Am I to understand, madame," said the baron, wltb considerable dignity for so very little a mau, "than tbe honour of an alliance with your family is denied me ?" "Do you, then, refute the distinction the baron is willing to confer upon us ?" cried the wretched women to her daughter, with an accent I of entreaty blended with despair. j " Ob, decidedly !" said Kate, with American I simplicity. Mrs. Livingstone fell back among her pillows with A groan ; cold drops of agony ! stood out upon her forehead. The barou re . treated one step toward the door. Suddenly was heard a flatter of drapery. " Ahem," said a soft girlish voice, and there appeared between the curtains of the bad a charming head crowned with an aureole of blonde curling hair. The baron glued hie eyes to this beautiful apparition. He suddenly stam- mered out, " Perhaps Mitt Claudia-" Something in those brilliant eyes bad drawn him thus far, but here he paused, dazzled and confused. Claudia glided gracefully to bit tide; the was toying with a torn bundle of bank-bills as a kitten would with a ball of white ysrn. "Claudia !" murmured Kate, warningly ; but her mother gazed upon her with phreazied eagerness. " Oh, Claudia, my child, mill you ?" she gasped. " Yes, dear mamma," said that dutiful girl ; and shortly after the baron went down the stairs two at a time, his eyes glistening under bis spectacles. " My faith ! it is miraculous," be Bsid. But it wasn't at all ; it was perfectly natural. Even Sydney was radiant over it. *' lt's ell right, Kate," he said ; " a fair equivalent. What a stir Claude'll make on the other side! I take a national pride in these things, and like to see American beauty well re- presented. Claude has it all-the magnetic vivacity, tempered with a delicate langour ; there's nothing over there to compare with it." Kate had been revelling again in the joy ol ber brother's presence, lifting the thick ourla on bia high forehead, and pressing thereon bet warm glad lipa, murmuring words of delight, ol of love, of unspeakable relief and joy. "Why, Kate, you're glad of it toi." said Sydney. " You ere like your dear old sell again ¡ we're all pitched a note or two." SJM Sydney. "You are like your dear old sell again s we're all pitched a note or two higher, somehow,-God bless you, old fellow !" he said to the baron, " you've made us the happiest family in the world." Tears sprang to the little nobleman's eyes ai this warm outburst : he began to believe he had made a love-match, and was, in truth, nevei awakened from thia illusion. Claudia wat . exceedingly fond of him aa the representative o BO mnch power and pleasure, and always hele her lot to be an exceptionally bright end happ- ons. Imagine the chagrin and dismay of ¿fohi Dobson, Sen , when his daughter read aloud om morning the intelligence of the approaching marriage of Mies Claudia Livingstone to thi Baron Drowaki, and the probability that thi ' distinguished mother of the bride elect woult I accompany the happy couple to the bsron'i ! magnificent eBtate in Saxony. j "She'll lead bim.a nice dance," snarled thi i retired grocer. ! ''She'll ride in her chariot now, if Bhe neve t did before," said Mary Jane; "the peasants ! will take the horseB out, and themselves drai I the bridal party, and children will strew flower in their path." " Faugh !" sneered Mr. Dobsin, who held ii great disgust bis daughter's proficiency in thi kind of literature. The last thing Claudia did before her weddin! journey was to send the mended notes to Jobi junior with a bit of her dainty chirography. He went over the next day to tbe old brid house, and found every thing in great disorde there. A placard was on the door announcini the early sale ol the valuables within, arnon, which be found Kate, looking disconsolate am lonely. Jobs'« eager eyes devoured the weary ben form and ead tender face. " Your eieter told me to come to you," b began ; " she said that you wanted to see mc Miss Livingstone. Kate-" When that name burst from bis lips, it tool with it all further power of articulation. "There is-is-tome mistake," stammerei Kate. "Mistake!" said John, sniffing a practica joke from the baroness, and turned sharply 01 bis heel. In this forlorn hope frustrated, Joh recognized the bitterest moment of bis life. Hi breath almost seemed to leave his body, and hi turned with a gasp when he heard the faint ech of his name. " John," faltered Kate, holding out to hit her hands-*' oh, John !" " Ah !" eaid John, and reached her feet in moment. A little while after he managed to gasp out " God forever bless the Baroness Drowski !" an that was absolutely all the poor fellow cou! utter. Sydney found them there when be cam home, speechless with happiness. "Why, those Livingstones," said Mn Grundy, "are at the top of tbe heap again One of 'em's got a nobleman with landed eatatei and tbe other's married that rich grocer fellon Dobson. I' beats all-first uo, then down, the up again, like a pair of Beales !"-Harper' Monthly. 