PRISON-BREAKING. Captain Arthur Griffifths, when ap pointed four years ago depnty- governor of Milbank Prison, was placed in pos session of the official records of that establishment. Among those records nre accounts of cortain remarkable oscapos. which he bus incorporated iu his recant history of tho building. Milbank Prison, as most of us know, stands on what nsed to be tho dismal, marshy, Tothill-fields, uoar tho Westminster end of Vnuxhall bridge. It was for thirty years ft penitentiary ; but during a later period of about equal length it has been a veritable prison, generally containing many clevc-r rascnls np to all the dodges of possible escaping. One night the rooms of three of the officials were found to be stripped of a quantity of wearing apparel. A patrol, going his rounds, saw two mon getting over tho garden wall, by the help of a white rope made of yarn used in some of the working rooms. Ho shook the rope ; the men foil, but quickly rose ngaiu, knocked him down, and ran oft' in the opposite direction. Tho alarm being given, governor, chaplain, surgeon, steward, and helpers hastened to the spot. They found, not only the white ropo, fastened to the top of the wall by a large iron rake twisted into a hook,, but also another rope depending from one of the loopholes at tho top of tho C tower. The prison consists of several. five-sidod buildings, surrounding an open court, and having a sort of garden outside them, bounded by a lofty wall ; every angle of each building is strengthened with ' a tower or turret. A hnmmer, a chisel, other tools, and a largo poker were also found. Several bricks had been removed from ono side of the loophole, . leaving a space wide enough for' one person to creep through. Some prison clothing lay hard by. A skeleton key, made of pewter, was found to open many of the officer's bedroom doors ; while other false keys had been used to open the prisoners' cell doors. The rogues were re-captured in the garden. A prisoner named Cummings one night broke through the ceiling of his cell, nnd traversed the roof along one side of. his pentagon or block of build ings. He was not so crafty as most of his fellows, for he had provided no means of descent. . More expert were seven prisoners who, through some gross mismanage' ment, had been placed in a large room Having no bars to the windows. They cut up their blankets into strips, made ladders of them, climbed out up-rn the roof,, descended to the garden, and raised a heavy ladder against the outer wall. All escaped — though only to be re-enptured afterwards. Three men, confined in one cell, made a large aperture in its floor, con cealing the gap during the daytime by a covering ol pasteboard. The cell was on the ground floor; and the men, night after night, descended through the aperture into a vault beneath, where they worked away against, the wall of the building. They also, at other hours of candlelight, prepared three suits of clothes from their towels, made n rope ladder, and improvised tools of various kinds. But their ingenuity was frus trated by detection when they had pierced about three-fourths through. Three prisoners, located on tho ground floor of ono of the pentagons, gradually and cautiously removed the vontilating- platu which communicated with an air- shaft ; they descended through the shaft into a cellar, where there was a party-wall pierced with openings burred by iron gratings. They removed these gratings, aud issued out into the garden, whero, as it was summer time, thick vegetation afforded them shelter for awhile. In the evening a gentleman gave an alarm that he had seen two men climbing over the boundary wall. The two birds had really emerged from their cage, aud had flowu. Pickard Smith was the most troublo- sorno inmate ever honored with a re sidence in Millbunk prison, in the old days when it was a penitentiary. He dofied and derided everybody, from tho governor nnd chaplain down to tho keep ers and patrols. He was in tho place over and over again, Ihe resnlt of new committals for new crimes. One morning his cell was found empty, and inside the door was chalked this doggrel rhyme : — London ia tho place whero I was bora ; Newgate haB beon too often my situation ; The Penitentiary has beon too often my dwel- iing-plaee ; And New South Wales is my expectation I (Botany Bay penal eettlement was one of the institutions of those days.) 'When the circumstances came to be closely inquired into, it was found that "the mode of escape was most ingenious, daring, and masterly, though the pri soner was only eighteen years of age ; there was a combination of sagacity, courage, and ready resource, iudicating extraordinary powers both mental and bodily." Smith had secreted an iron pin used for turning the handle of the stove-ventilator (the handle not being wanted or used in summer time), and with this ha made a hole in the brick arch which formed the roof of his cell, scraping and loosening until the hole became large enough to admit his body. The pin, a hook, and a short ladder made of shreds of cotton and coarse thread, enabled him to climb through the hole ho had made in tho roof or arched coiling of his, cell ; he crept along the space between the coil-roof and the outer slated roof; lhen,; finding a place whore tho battens were sufficiently wide apart to admit his body, he broke away a few slates, and emerged on tho top of the building. Then came the descent, for which he had made ingenious pre parations. Tho prisoners received their clean clothes on Saturday evenings, and the warders were late in entering the cells on Sunday morningB ; he selected his timo accordingly, especially as the dirty clothes were not taken away till Monday morning. One Saturday night, when his store at Hand comprised two shirts, two pairs of stockings, two handkerchiefs, a round towol, blankets and rugs, ho attired himself in a clean shirt, and cut up nil tho other articles into strips, which ho tied or sowed end to ond. Thus provided, ho mado his wny out upon the roof, through tho openings ho had mndo, fastened one end of his patchwork ropo to a rafter, slung himself down to the sill ®f tho attic window, and so, stage by stags, to the socond story, nnd terra firma. His ropo was not in eue long piece, but in ! four soctious for the four singes of his descent, fnstening them in suc cession to tho burs ' of the win dows. His difficulties were not yet over ho had still to scale the boundary wall. Much rebuilding and- repairing were goiug on in the garden, aud much building material was lying about. First ho removed a long and heavy ladder from tho scaffoldiug, nnd dragged it to the iron fonco of a small burial-ground separated from tho garden. Finding he could not raise it to tho full height of ihe boundary wall, ho availed himself of two planks, lashed them firmly together with a piece of ropo ho espied near at hand, and made nu inclined plane, up which he walked or crawied to the top of tho wall, drew up his double plank after him, and by its aid made a final eraapo down the outside of tho wall. A few words more concerning the clever scamp. A bribe from the police tempted some of his " pals," to betray Pickard Smith, and he was once again made an inmate of Millbank., Once again did he become a torment to everybody. If be were kept with other prisoners, -he tnught them to be as in subordinate as himself'if. he were kept by himself, he.- planned schemes for another escape'.' , A f'ter some time this reckless specimen' of a bad lot (nearly nil his .relations had) one time or other, been transported) was detected just on the eve of another evasion. : The screws in the windows of his cell were found to have been taken out; his rug and blankets had been torn up into strips of such width as would' be strong enough for a descending rope ; and between his stockings and tha soles of his feet were pieces of flannel, in one of which was a small piece of iron, taken from one side of his cell window, ingeniously formed into a kind, of pick-lock. In what way these articles were to be used, timely frustration prevented him from showing. The governor recorded in his official book that flogging had been useless with this incorrigible fellow; handcuffing led to such a clattering of iron against wood and stone as to disturb the quietude of the whale place; while expostulation and threat were equally without effect. The governor went so far as to beg' the Secretary of State to take. Smith away, as being better fitted for a sternly- guarded prison than' a mildly-governed penitentiary. " As to corporal punish ment, he has already experienced it very severely, without any beneficial eflect. His knowledge of the localities, and the present unsafe condition of the premises, will breed perpetual attempts, however unsuccessful, to escape." This desperate character eventually came to a bad end, as may reasonably: be sup posed. Although Pickard Smith was the bete noir, the most bewildering and trouble some of all the prisoners the place, has ever had, the hero of Millbank, it appears, was " Punch" Howard, who effected his escapo in a manner to this day almost inexplicable. This man was a criminal of u deep dye, who had escaped from Newgate and from Horseraonger lane. Millbank was to be a place of temporary incarceration to him, preparatory to transportation. He was placed' in a cell at tho top of a part of the building then used as an infirmary, bat uow-a days known as the E ward., Tho window of this room wiis long and narrow, the lengthwise horizontal. Three feet of length or width hnd nothing spocial about it ; but n height of only 64in was, as we shall presently see, the great mar vel of the enterprise. The window re volved on a horizontal bar as an axis, riveted into the stone-work at the jambs. Howard managed to secrete one of the dinner knives with which the prisoners wore in those days supplied, and to con vert the blade into a rude saw by hammer- iog the edge on the corner of his iron bedstead. That ho could secrete a dinner-knife at all, and keep on his hammering without being detected, shows how ill-organised must have been the establishment at that time. And now let us accompany Punch Hownrd in his marvellous escape. How a full-grown man contrived to wrigglo himself out of such an opening is so inexplicable that we prefer to narrate it in Captain Griffiths's own words. We may promise, however, that this feat and the Davenport rope trick may, perhaps, throw some light upon each other, as showing how remarkably the human frame may be temporarily contracted in somo parts by the exercise of certain muscles. " As soon as the warders went off duty, and the pentagon left to ono single officer or patrol, Howard set to work. Hoisting himself up to the window, by hanging his blanket on a hammock- hook in the wall just beneath, he removed the window bodily ; one rivet having been sawn through, the other soon gave way. The way of egress, such as it was; was now open — a narrow slit 8ft. by 64in. Howard was a stoutly- built man, with by no means a small head ; yet he managed to get his head through the opening. Having accom plished this, no doubt after tremendous pressure aud much paiu to himself, he turned so as to lie on his back, and worked out bis Bhoulders and nrms. Ho had previously put the window with its central iron bar in and balf-out of the oponing, meaning to nso it as a platform to stand on — the weight of his body pressing down ono ond, while the other caught against the rool of the oponing, and so giving him a firm foothold. He had also torn up his blankets and sheets iu strips, and tied them together to form a long rope, ono end of which was fastened to his legs. He was now half way out of tho window, lying in a hori- zoutal position, with his arms free, his body nipped about the centre by the narrow opening, his logs still inside his cell. It was not difficult for him now to draw oat tho rest of his body ; and as soon as he had length enough, ho threw himself up and caught tho coping-stone of tha roof above. All this took place on tho top story, at a height of somo 85ft. from tho ground. Ho was now outside the wall, and standing ou tho outer ond of iho window-bar. To draw out the whole lougth of blanket nnd sheotiag- ropo, throw them on to tho roof, and clamber nftor, wore his next exploits." Punch Howard is now on the roof of one of tho pontugon blocks of buildings ; but ho docs not remain there long, his plan having boon already arranged for a descent into tho garden. " This garden was patrolled by six sentries, who divided the whole circuit between them." Ho could see them as ho stood on the roof. He took tbo descent by degrees, lowering himself from the roof to a third-floor window, from third-floor to second, from second to first, and from tho first to the ground itself. The back of the nearest patrol was just then turned, and Howard's descent to terra firma was un observed. Next moment he was seen standing in his white shirt, but othorwise naked, among tho tombstones of the Penitentiary graveyard, which is just at this point. Concluding lie was a ghost, the sentry (as he afterwards admitted) turned tail aud ran, leaving the coast quite clear. Howard was not Blow to profit by tho chance. Some planks lay close by, one of which ho raised ngainst tho boundary wall, nnd walked up the incline thus formed. Next moment he dropped down on tbo far side, and was free. His friends lived close by the prison, in Pye-street; and within a minute or two he was iu his mother's bouse, got food and clothing, and ngniu made off for the oouutry. All his marvellous ingenuity was of little avail to Punch Howard ; lie was recaptured by a man ns clover as him self, although iu- a different kind of cleverness. As a specimen of: hunting the hare, we will . briefly ; describe tho exploit. On the morning when Howard's escape was discovered, Denis Power, a warder in that part of the building, recollected that Howard, when brought to Millbank, had been accompanied by a companion criminal named Jorry Simcock. Going into the cell whore Simcock was located, Power cautiously opened his eyes and ears to any facts that might furnish a clue. Simcock, after declaring admirably that Howard could get out of aoy prison iu England, unguardedly let drop the information that the hero had an uncle working iu some brickfields at West Drayton, near. Uxbridge. Quickly obtaining ample authority and money from the autho rities, Power started off without an hour's delay. Arrived at West Drayton, he bought a suit of navvy's clothes from an ostler of an inn, shouldered a spade, went to the side of . the brickfield, and entered a small frowsy alehouse hard by. He asked a woman at : the bar whether she thought hands were wanted. She looked hard. at him, and told him plainly that he was not what he pretended to be. He took some ale, paid for it, and was thou surprised by her saying suddenly, " I'll help you to cop young Punch." She stated that for a long series of years she had been ill- treated by Dan Crockett (Howard's uncle) with whom she had lived as wife or no wife ; that he had deserted her for a younger woman ; and that she was willing to revenge herself either on uncle or nephew. She warned Power that he must not attempt a capture by daylight, or the reckless briokmakers would pretty nearly " do for him." She pointed out Punch Howard among the men in the field, aud Power recognised him iu spite of his change of dress. She advised him. to come again at night, when most of the men (it being summer weather) slept out apon and among the bricks ; to bring some " Bobbies" with him, and capture his prey while asleep. An attempt was made at night to carry out this plan, but Howard could not be' identified in the dark without disturbing the rest. Power, therefore, concocted a now scheme. Ou the noxt day he hired a good horse and trap at the inn, ohauged his dress again, and drove to the office of the foreman of tho brickfield. The foreman bad beon a pensioned-off sergeant of police, and, when informed of the facts, readily agreed to assist Power. A lad was sent to ask Dan Crockett whether his nephew would like to earn 12s a week at screening coal-dust. Dan at once seat Punch Howard to the 'manager's office. The warder, a strong, powerfnl man, boldly seized him, handcuffed him, lifted him bodily iuto the trap, mounted himself, and drove off as rapidly as a narrow road would permit. ' Ho had enongh to occupy every thought and every muscle, for he hnd the reius and whip in his right hand, his left arm tightly clasped round Howard's nock, and his left hand gagging tho criminal's month as well ns he could. But the gagging was incomplete ; Howard shouted and roared ; the briekmakera heard him, left their work, and ran up by a diagonal ronteto intercept the. trap as it tamed a corner. It was a close shave, that might have been perilous to Power ; for the brickmakers wore two or three hundred in number ; but he bad just a minute of time ahead, and reached tjxbridge, whore other aid was at hand. The thing was so smartly done that Denis Power ob tained reward and promotion, until at length he became " Mr Power, chief warder of Millbank," at tho time when Captain Griffiths wrote his book. Two remarks suggest themselves iu connection with this escape. One is that we must all regret to see so much misapplied ingenuity. Pickard Smith, Punch Howard, and tho like, had had little or no chance of becoming honest men. Bora and bred among thieves and rogues, they had been almost as familiar with crime as with thoir daily food. At war with society, yet wore they fall of tact and shrewdness that might have been beneficial to themselves and others if properly directed. Another remark is that, on tho authority of Captain Griffiths, such escapes are now almost impossible from our well con ducted prisons ; moreover, it is notice able that, oven in the past days of Millbank, every ono of the escaped pri soners was recaptured sooner or lator. 