THE PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION.' Rutherford B. Hayes has had an active and important career. He was born in Delaware couuty, Ohio, 4th October, 1822. After receiving a collegiate education at n-eoyon onego, unrauier, u., no studied law in Columbus. With the preparation bo thus received bo entered the law school at Harvard College, whence ho graduated with credit. He began the practice of his profes sion in Cincinnati, and met with so much success that he was appoiritcd, solicitor of that city. His genial manners and abilities made him exceedingly popular in his profes sion, and liis practice was rapidly growing when the war of the rebellion broke out. He was then just tliirty-nine years old, in the prime of his lire, and engaged in many important eases ; but tbe call for troops was the sigoal for him to throw aside the advo cate's gown aud don the equipments of the soldier. He proffered his services at once, and on the 7th of June, 1S64, was appointed major of the 21st Ohio Infantry Regiment. His first services were with Rosecrnuz in West Virginia, and for a time was a judge advocate on that General's staff. In November, 1862, be was promoted to a lieutenant-colonelcy, mid took coin- maud of the 23rd Ohio, and continued to command it during tbe spring campaign in West \ irginin, and the autumn campaign under General M'Clellan, until he was wounded at the battle of South Mnuntaiu. He was appointed colonel of tbe 79th Ohio in the same year, but was prevented by his wound from assuming command, and after wards was transferred back to his former regiment, the 23rd. 25th Deoember, 1S02, he was placed in command of the 1st Brigade, Kanawha division, and held it uutil Sheridan's victory at Winchester in .September, 1S64, when he took command of the division, leading it through the battles of tbo year. Whitelaw Reid, now editor of the A'eir- York Tribune, relates this anecdote of Col. Hayes at the battle of Win chester : — Ho was leading his men when suddeuly they came npcu a; morass some sixty yards wide; the water was waist deep, aud iu some places overgrown with heavy moss almost strong enough to bear the weight of a mail, while tho bottom was soft , and miry. This scorned ao impassable j obstacle, and the whole line hesitated. Not 'so Colonel Hayes, lie. immediately spurred liia horse iuto the slough under a thick lire of artillery and musketry. When about hslf-way across the animal mired hopelessly, aud then the Colonel dis mounted and waded out, being tho first man to cross. All through tiio notion lie was ex posed continually ; men fell all around him, and bis adjutaut fell by his side. Ju October, 1864, Colonel Hayes was ap pointed Brigadiov-Gcneral for gallant and meritorious services at the battles of Win- ebester, J-'ishor's-hill aad Cedar Creek, lu the spring of 1SC5 he commanded an expedi tion against West Virginia, and was engaged in it when the war terminated. Afterwards ho was promoted to bo Major-Cleneral for gallant aud distinguished services. He was engaged in much severe service, and partici pated in many battles, but always bore him self bravely. Before tho close of the war he had been elected a member of Congress, and in 1S6C was re- elected by a handsome ma jority. Although he was a good lawyer, aud had often pleaded before tbo courts, General Haj-eu sat in Congress three sessious without making a single elaborate speeoli. He was noted, however, for his fidelity to Repub lican convictions and soundness of judgment. In 1S07 be was unanimously nominated by his party for Governor of Ohio, and after a spirited contest, in which lie took au active part, and which was complicated by tho negro-suffrage question, he was elected over Allen G. Tlmrman by- a majority of 29S3 in a total poll of 483,000, thus nar rowly escaping defeat. He was renominated at tbe close of his term in JS69, and again elected by a majority of 751 S over George H. Pendleton. In 1S72 be was elected for Congress by Banning, Liberal Republican. The next appearance of Mr. Hayes as a candidate was last fall, when lie was nominated for the governorship on the public schools platform after a sharp contest with Judge Taft. Mr. Hayes was success ful, receiving a majority of 5544 over Mr. Allen. Governor Hayes is not a bril liant man, but an able one, aud will make au excellent President. He is no orator, hut ail efficient administrative officer;. The last public office bo held was that of Centennial Commissioner, which hs resigned when he became Governor. Hon. William A. "Wheeler, like General HuyeB, who heads tbe ticket, : has long been in public life, but uutil recently has achieved but slight distinction. Mr. Wheeler was born at Malone, Franklin county, New York, 3rd June, 1819. He bad a common-school education, and spent a year iu study at the University of Vermont, and, after passing seven years in a lawyer's office iu his native county, was in 1S49 admitted to practice. After a few years' practice lie was elected district attorney as a Democrat, arid when bis term expired (he bad changed bis politics in tbe meantime) be was elected to the New York Assembly as a Whig. He was re-elected, but at the olose of his second term retired to the prac tice of hiB profession. A short time after wards he became first the cashier of his local bank, a position he held fur fourteen years, and at a later date became presideut of tbe Ogden9burgh and Rouse's Point Rail road, continuing in the supervision of the road for eleven years. At the death of the Whig party he became a Republican, nnd entered the .State Senate in January, 1S5S, to take his Beat iu the first Legislature fully controlled by the Republican party. Robert Campbell, a Republican, was at the tirrie Lieutenant-, Governor, aud tbe position of president pro. tern,, to which Mr. Wheeler was elected, was, in consequence, a purely honorary position. Through' the sessions ot 1S53 and 1S59 Mr, Wheeler served in the Senate, and in the fall of the last- named year he was elected to a seat in the thirty-seventh Congress, carrying Ml three .of the strong Republican counties— Clinton, Essex and Franklin — of which the Six- teenth district was then composed. In all the debates and votes of that exciting war session he was uniformly on the side of the Union aud liberty. After the close of the thirty-seventh Congress Mr. Wheeler did not enter public service until 18G7, when ho was elected a member of tbe New York State Constitutional Convention, of which he was subsequently chairman. His only speech was made upon taking tbe chair, and it was radical to the core, and strongly pronounced in favor of negro ,suf- : frage. In 186S he was re-elected a member of Congress, and has served cantinously down to this day. He has been either chairman , ... ; v r- r "I TV, , . or a member of .many important committees,' and it was be who arranged the famous Louisiana compromise. He is a friend of public improvements, and a good pro tectionist, whose nomination will be heartily seconded in Pennsylvania, Referring to the fact that Punch recently gave' a cartoon illustrative of railway tra velling in Tasmania, viz., a gentleman pre- ferring to walk to riding in the train, as he happened to be in a hurry, the Dunolly Express says : — " There is a dog belonging to Dunolly that has frequently loft this town simultaneously with the train for Mary, borough, nnd has been at the station there, waiting to receive his master, for some time before the train has arrived." The Tnnwl Times reports that Mr. John Balls, a Waterloo veteran, expired on the 22nd instant. He was ninety-one years of age ; came to the colony in 1 824, and fonght at the battle of Waterloo under the Duke of Wellington. For many years he followed farming at Mittagong, but during the period above specified he resided in this district, and until the last two yearB he enjoyed good health, To the end he retained possession of his faculties, and could revert to the eveuts which occurred fifty years ago. On the 19th August a fatal affray took- place in the shearing-shed of Mr. John M'Mahon, of Budgeon. From the particu lars to hand the Dubbo Despatch learns that two shearers named Roberts and Anthony quarrelled over some sheep. A stand-up tight was the consequence. Two rounds were fought, when Roberts got a heavy blow. Ho fell down dead immediately. An inquiry was held by the coroner (Dr. Weston, of Coonamhle), and Anthony has been committed to tbo next Dubbo Circuit Court. The Balhtrnl Courier reports that a disastrous fire occurred at the farm of Mr. James Moran, State Forest-road, Bungaree, . on the night of the 28th inst., whereby the stables, a substantial erection, were entirely consumed. The progress of the fire waB bo rapid that no possibility existed of entering the building, and two . valuable horses fell victims to tbe flames. In addition, some sets of harness and a quantity of hay was completely destroyed. The origin of the fire is at present a mystery, but is suspected to have been the work of an incendiary. - Referring to a man known in the country districts as "Samson tho Pedestrian," the North-Eastern JLnsiyn writes : — "This game, old boy carried .on Ilia walking foat men tioned in our last until three o'clock on Saturday afternoon, by which time he had completed 103J miles in twenty-one hours. After the accomplishment of this distance, he proceeded to the smithy of Harry Hoskin, who then made aud finished a pair of horseshoes on an anvil placed on Samson's chest, his head arid heels resting on a wood frame, leaving a vacant space under the re mainder of liis body." The Gcelonq Advertiser reports that tin accident of rare occurrence took place on the stage of tbe Mechanics' Institute en Tues day evening, and in a second a violin valued at £100 was broken in three places. Mr. N. La Feuillade, the violinist. Bat down to play an accompaniment with Miss Herbert at the pianoforte in the overture from the Grand Duchess. Previous to this he placed his second violin on the side of the piano, the ' lid of which was open, nnd was only held up by a thin piece of wood working on hinges, and attached to tho musical instrument. Just as Miss Herbert was playing the pre lude to tbe piece tbe lid suddenly fell nna smashed the violin. Tho Inrjlen-ood Advertiser learns from reli able authority that a new rush occurred pn Monday near Kingower. The prospect ob tained was a three-ounce piece, and immedi ately upon tbe news becoming known a large number of miners from Kingower, Orville and Berlin went to tbe scene of tbe find, situated in a gully several miles in length and running parallel with Ironbark Gully. The exact locality of the rush is about two miles from Kiugnwer, west of the Newbridge road, and we arc informed that the easiest method of reselling the ground is by turning off at tho linger-post indicating this road, on the Iimlewood side of Kiogower. The Color Herald mentions a rather sin gular case of a horse " ooming home to die." The animal in question was known by tbe name of the Lad of the Lake, nnd be;' longed to Mr. John Kemp. It was cele brated in the Colac sporting annuls in days gone by, nud must have been about thirty years old at tbe time of its death. The old horse bad been ont at grass for the last two or three years, and on. Friday night made its way to Mrs. W ray's place, Irrewarra. It rested there for the night, and reached its owner's place on Saturday night. The yard gate being closed, the poor old horse calmly laid down just alougside the gate, and died. This was its first appearance at home for the past two years. ' Tbo Morllake. Dispntrh states that one day last week a very singular discovery was made by Mr. D. M'Coll, . of Mount Violet. He was engaged in sawing a red gum post, that had bceu carted from the Woorudoo neighborhood to the station, and whilst doing' so he came across a snake, that was quartered iu a hole iu the centre of the wood. The post was subjected to a very close, ex amination, aud was found to be "as solid as a rock," not even a crack to be seen any where about it, so that how the sDake got into such close lodgings is a complete mys tery. From the appearance of the reptile, which of course was lifeless, one might have imagined it to have been preserved in spi- : rits, and its eyes looked like glnss. It measured two feet in length, and was par tially coiled round when first discovered. Victorian antiquaries will be interested in the following from a correspondent of the Bendigo Independent : — " If I were a lover of antique curiosities I wonld have considered myself particularly fortunate when business brought me to the house of Mr. E. Freeman, of Kangaroo Gully, when ho showed me a watch, and assured me (and I don't think any one who knows Mr. F. wonld doubt his veracity) it was once tbo property of Oliver Cromwell, wbo preserited it to his 'son Richard on attaining liis twenty-first year- It is a most unwieldy piece of machinery, and from its extraordinary size 1 would judge it to be about a two-borse power. Mr. F. tells me be never carried it but once, and then his friends were under tbe unpleasant impression that be had n large tumor grow ing on his stomaoli. It bears on insoription which I could not decipher without my glasses, but Mr. F. read it me. The letters are much defaced, aud tho watch has evi dently had some rough handling ; it runs ns follows : — ' Presented by Oliver Cromwell to his son Richard, 25th Jnne, 1635.' " - The Williamstowri Police Court was crowded on Tuesday during the hearing of several assault cases, in which different parties were interested. In the first two which were investigated, the town inspector, Richard Hammond, was com plained against by a married woman named Mary Ann M'Gregor, first for an unlawful assault, and in the se cond place for £20 damages. According to his statement lie was under the impression that someone was playing upon him a favorite class of practical joke at YVil- liamstown of late, viz., personating a ghost, as he was passing near the North VVilliamstown Station one night last week. Acting on. this supposition he made a blow at the presumed ghost with his walking stick, tbe effect being to infiict a severe contused wound on Mrs. M'Gregor'a bead. It was stated by complainant that she had gone out to call her children in, and had put her white petticoat over her head as a protection .from the cold. . The com plainant being an unusually obese and some what elderly person, the assumption that she was a ghost produced considerable mer riment, in the court. The magistrates dis missed tbe charge of unlawful assault, but awarded the complainant £2 damages, with £3 5s. costs, in the second case. According to the Ararat Advertiser a very unusual circumstance occurred at the Green- vale statioD, belonging to Messrs. Austin, Maidment and Miflear, on the evening of Wednesday, the 13th inst., when the dis turbances 'noticed, in Ararat were regarded by many observers ns those indicating earth, quake- About a quarter to eight o'clock, by the station time, a tornado swept over, cut ting a direct lane from south-west to north east amongst tbe timber, scattering and up rooting everything in its course, and leaving the track ns bare as though cleared for a highway or a telegraph line. The width was about three chains, but the length of country over which the storm rushed cannot be estimated, tbe course sliowing.tbat the storm shortly entered upon the plains, where there was nothing to obstruct its course ; but even near to Koss's-bridgc great branches were found to have been thrown about, swept away from the nearest timber. Some distance from the Btation there was a hut in which five men were staying, and these, hearing tbe coming noise, ran, out to learn tho eauBe. They report to have seen in the pathway cleared amongst the trees a dense black clond rolling along, from which vivid . forked lightnings were .continually, darting. The hut. was caught up arid dashed abont as the branches were, scarcely a vestige of their habitation being left. The men state that'if they had remained inside they wonld inevitably nave been killed. 