THU EASTKU HOLIDAYS. Tiiu'cutorors for publie amusement this season liavo mit fortli luther enticing programólos for thu JCaster holidays. Sports, excursions, hulls, und sundry pri- vate parties will he thc ordor of the day for Munday next. The clerk of tho ' weather seems in rallier un unsettled mood, hut notwithstanding, unless tho ruin descends ns it did on Thursday last, all will doubtless bo woll patronised. First on tho list is the excursion to tho Heads by thc steamer Dinna, which leaves (¡rafton this morn- ing, returning on Monday afternoon. Thou ive have the sports, under tho management of tho ilnlf-IIoli dny Association, on tho Agricultural .Society's tl rounds, which will no doubt attract a large con- course of people. The Committee of the Associutiou havo gone to considerable expense in bringing from Sydney several trapeze performers, besides the British institution ot " l'unch and Judy." They have also arranged l'or a number of other amusements «a the ground, such usivnlkillg and running matches, throwing the cricket ball, Ike. Tho committee of thc l'ionccr Lodge of Oddfollows, ]3rii8hgrove, lins chartered the steamer 1'ersevoruiico for au oxcursiou down the river leaving Grafton un Monday morning at halt-past o' o'clock, calling at all tho publie wharfs downwards. The committee of this excursión have a double claim on the pu tr image of thc public, having very generously withdrawn their contemplated trip on Anniversary Bay, after being nt considerable expense, so as not to interfere with tlia receipts of The Clarence excursion, when that steamer was placed nt tho disposal of tho Grafton Hospital Committee for that purpose. On the return of thu excursionists MrFoggo will bo glad to seo them and others in his new ballroom in thu evening. In tho Oddfellows' Hall, Grafton, tho Star of tho Hast Lodge will celebrate their twelfth anniversary by a grand bull, which wu behove will be a very grand adair. lt may bu ns well hero to draw attention to tho withdrawal of tho trip to tho Coldstream by tho Uelmoro--the committee having postponed the ex- cursion until thu Queen's birthday. ABSTRACT OF SALES BY AUCTION. Ml!. F. W. CHAPMAN.- On thu premises, Found, streut, on TUKSHAY nuxt, nt 11 o'clock, Soda Wutul' -Much i ne mid Generator, Bottling Muclúuc, Patent Machine, 4 h. p. Steam Engine, Vcrticnl Boiler, Pumps, Tunks, Buttles, Chemicals, Labels, .Vc. Mil. T. BAWDEN.-In thu insolvent ostato of Herbert Holloy, on TunsiiAV next, nt ll o'clock, on tho Premises, Pound- street, tho residue of I.oaso of Promises in occupation of insolvent, two Horses, quantity of Galvanized Iron, mid Sundries, Mit. J. H. MUNRO.-At M'Gluon's Yards, South Grafton, by order of Messrs. M'l'linrson, Brothers, on TuunsiiAV next, 20th instant, at ll o'clock, IOU head very superior Cattle, consisting of primo Young Bullocks and Steers, Milking Cows mid Springing Heifers. At tho same ann place, 100 bund of superior Mixed Cattle, chiefly Steers and Young Bullocks, in first-class condition, Milk Cows, Heifers, Springers, Sc. Also, ut samo timo and place, ono very superior Team nf ton picked Morses, with Bray, ton Sets Harneas, mid Tar- paulin, complote. Ml!. T. BAW DEN.-By order of Josoph Pogo, Esq., on FimiAV next, nt 1) o'clock sharp, nt Hobn stcu's Hotel, 10 bend of dioico Pedigree Bulls, having the best blood in tho colony. Also, on tho same day, at 11 o'clock, nt Morrissoy's Yards, by order of Mr. Jninos Farrell, 20 head of Well-grown Steers, H mid 4 years old. Ml!. T. BAWDEN,-On THUIISIIAY next 20th April, at 11 o'clock, at tho ltoonis, Princo-strcot, by ordor of Mr Thomas Pago, alargcijunutity of surplus books, Stationery, Fancy Goods, Album's, Pictures, Ink- stands, Penknives, Copy Books, School Books, Mnps, Desks, Workboxes, Pons, Pencils, Slates, I'm: HAM'-HOMUAV SrotiTS.-Tho following is thc handicap for tho Half-Holiday Champion lince, which conics oil' on thu Agricultural Society's Grounds on Monday next ! 100 yds. liiOyds. ¡ZOO yds. Carr, blue, white, mid pink sash.1 yd. scratch scratch Carra!!, puce mid white... 1 yd. scratch scratch Pyers, liluu mid whitu.... 'JJ yds. 3J yds. 4 yds. Cooper, nil white.2 yds. :t"yds. .'1 yds. Flanders, ornnge.(i yds. 8 yds, 11 yds. M'Gce, white, blue sash, and puco.scratch 2 yds, ü yds. Maiden Plato i W. Carrall, puco and white ¡ John Llewellyn, puco, white, and groan sash ; W. Leeson, all white ; .Ins, Brown, whitu mid blue sash. Pigeon Mutch : Messrs. Tennant, Jardine, G. Ireland, A. Stone, E. W. Graham, Gcorgo Cocknoy, William Bellamy, mid il. (¡linthorpe. LAVINII 'tm: Foes HAT to* STOSF. of 'rut: s KW PiiKsnvTKiiiAN Council.-On tho 1st instant tho foundation stone of tho now Presbyterian Church was laid by tho Itcv, James Cameron, M.A., Moderator of tho General Assembly of thu Presbyterian Church. A numerous gathering of persons tools, place at the timo appointed, amongst who wo M uru glad to seo many loading members, of thc other Christian denomina- tions. Of tho Presbyterian body, amongst its lending members woro tho Messrs C'A. and A. \V. Fraser, J. J. lt. Gibson, nil tho Campbell family, John Ander- son, Mrs C. Legh, C. Boss, P. Macgregor, J. .Sinclair, A. M'llvcon, Sc., Se. Tho proceedings wcru inaugura- ted by those assembled singing tho Tooth Psalm, at thu conclusion of which Mr C. A. Fraser said thu pleasing duty had dovolvcd upon him tu request that thu Hov. James Cameron, thc Moderator of tho Gene- ral Assembly, lay thu foundation steno of tho uuw Presbyterian Church. Thu rev. gentleman having nided in placing tho stonu over thu cavity, mid du dared tho stonu to bo duly mid truly laid for a build- ing to bo dedicated to the worship of thu Father, Sun, and I loly Ghost, expressing ii hopo that tho divino blessing would attend the undertaking, delivered ii long address ¡ uftur which Mr W. W. Fraser read a Ihitiuuinl statement of thu funds collected for building tho church, which mentioned .Clb'00 ns hoing avail- able towards that purpose. Mr J. J. I!, Gibson re- niai ked thnt thu part allotted to him was not thu highest, but still a very important ono-it was to ask them to put down their subscriptions on tho stone, A number of pcrsuus then cunio forward and placed their contributions on thu stone-thu sum, with sumo after additions, amounting in tho whole to upwards of .171. Tho Hov. Dr. Whitu mid tlio liovs J. Stil ton lind A Cameron delivered addresses suitablo to tho occasion, uftur which thu Hov. J. Cameron closed thu proceedings with a benediction.-Abridged from thu Inverell iJisimtch. UKSKIIVKM I'tio.M SALK rou ACCKSS TO Foitn. - It is unfilled that hi pursuance of thu provisions of tho ?Uh section of thu Crown Lauds Aliénation Act of IStil, thu laud specillud in thu schedule appended thereto shall bu reserved fruin salo for access to ford :-C'larencu District i No, 271. County of Ciar once, parish of Copmanhurst, un tito Clarance Uiver. The Crown lands within tho following boundaries : Commencing on thu Clarence Uiver, nt thu north- west corner of G, U Reeva's portion Nu. l.'lo' of l!l.'i| ñores, parish of Copmanhurst ) mid bounded thence on tho south bj part of tho north boundary of that portion bearing cast ü chains HO links I thonco on tho enst by part of thu wust boundary lino of that portion bearing north (1 chains ¡ ou tho north by a lino bearing wost ,'1 chains to the Clarence Uiver ; anil by that river downwards bearing south-westerly, to point of commencement, -'Forms part of Newbold Rim. 