Sib James M'Culloch ought to be con vinced hy thid time that there ; is no escape, from present complications but by an ap peal to the country. The Opposition are determined to stand out for a dissolution before granting supplies, and as long as they adhere to this coarse it will be useless for the Government to resist them. The "iron hand," and all the threats by which it is accompanied, are simply so much buncombe. The Government can do nothing while op posed so spiritediy-hy their opponents, not withstanding all the declarations they mate to tbe contrary. They can neither suspend the forms of the House, nor expel theOppoeition, nor prevent them from entering the Home, nor in short do anything to obtain a Supply B3J, so long as Mr Bebby and Ins allies re main firm. They might carry a motion fpr all thereffractondfe they 'might even pre-, vent, by the aid of the police, the Opposition ' from entering the House, but how muih- better off would they be then, or how much farther would the real business of die coun try be advanced ? In the first place it lis more than questionable that the Audit: Commissioners would not certify to pay ments secured by such means, and in the second place it is-certain that such a storm of indignation would arise in the country as would politically destroy every memhpr who had connived at such unlawful and despotic proceedings. The Opposition can not yield an inch of ground, because tbey are supported by the people. Tins is R£ certain as that the sun will shine to morrow morning, notwithstanding all the being on the side of the Government. Wle do not see how dears' evidence of the tnsh of this statement could be asked for thhn' the attempt made in Ballarat on Tuesday; evening to get np a sensation on behalf itif 'the M&feby;,thanwhhhthere nBverna a more lamentable failure. Only some forfy persons assembled in response to an ap- vertasement Jn a.mpttung.eape and to|a large nnmber of arbolats that were issoM by the secretary to Mr Jones' election committee, and Bome of these persons bM no idea that" the business was of a political character, until they bad been some timein tbp room. (nsert arksdjertuejaent in tis journal calling a meeting of tbe Berry party, and 3000 persons at once come together to express their belief and sympathy with the stone-wall raised by tbe Opposition. Add to this fact, the defeat of two members of the Ministry, and the numerous public meet ings of a similar character. that have been held all over .the country daring the last tWo or three months, and nothing but downright stupidity or flagrant obstinacy can fail to perceive that the colony is with the Oppo sition, and that, therefore, the Opposition cannot yield an inch of ground which they have taken np against, the Government. Moreover, all modem precedents favor the position which the Opposition have assumed, and practically it has even -the approval of The Secretary vrf State, and — what is still m The onus, therefore, of bringing the present inlrogVo to an mid dearijTeste with the tJovernment, partly betause public opinion is dead against them, and partly because the responsibility of carrying on the affaire of the country rests upon them by virtue of their position. Why, then, do -they not ask the Governor to dissolve the House, and thus show themselves above the mere petty considerations of the patronage and emoluments of office, and do an act which would at once bring existing complications to a close, and do something towards re storing that political reputation which recent events have done so much to take away from them ? It is the merest non sense to suppose that time will weaken the Opposition and strengthen the position of the Ministerial parry. The people are so determined to hhve a dissolution, that they wonld put up with a dead-lock for the next six months rather than sacrifice this resolve. It is just as non sensical to try any revolntioiiaiy proceed ing to circumvent the Opposition, because the country is in.such a temper that it would not stand this, treatment. ..No Ministry could stand for a week against the roar of public declamation which such a proceeding would immediately arouse. The "iron hand" and all suchabs'nidities should, there fore, be set aside by Sir JAMES 'M'CULLOCH in favor of a course which would bring real peace to the "didantry, and sdo something to restore that respect for himself which his political conduct, since he returned from England, has done so much to destroy. Constitutional or unconstitutional, a dissolu tion must come. It Is too late now to dis cuss nice points of practice, or- neat pro blems in political science. The .business of tbe country is at a standstill. The people will not allow it to proceed until a ;dissolntian. has taken place ; and the Opposition cannot yield, (because to draw back wonld Jse certain political ruin to them. The Minn=try fcaij, however, perform a graceful act by, .dissolving the House, and thus yielding obedience to the popular demand, and ft is therefore the Ministry who should come down from tbeir false position, and by a dissolu tion close the present contest. There is no Mother' outlet to. 'present com plications, and . the more it is resisted by the Government the more deter mined the people will be to have their way, aod the harder the Opposition will fight to accomplish their purpose. The proceedings of Tuesday evening were fitly succeeded last night by tbe House being counted out— in other words by there being no quorum — when theSpeaker had taken the chair, andsat the allotted time. This little game may be very amusing to the Government, but it simply irritates the people, and only makes them more determined than -over that the present House shall not continue to exist. To the' Government, therefore, all classes look for an immediate dissolution, and the longer they fight against the inevitable the worse their position will become. The report of the committee of the Ballarat Benevolent 'Asylum and Lying-in-Hospital as read at the meeting last night, will be found published in another column. It is a lengthy document, and it is written in that florid, but by ho'- meahs uhattractive, style for which Mr Cazaly, the secretary and collector, is proverbial. It Is also a very satisfactory report to toad. It shows that despite the dull fimes "which this dis trict has passed through, the Asylum has flourished in e vay direction in which success is mo6t desirable., Forexample, the receipts in the form of subscriptions amounted during the year to £2778 Is 2d." This is the largest sum ever 'obtained in one year by the committee; and the magnitude of the contributions in no doubt due to that new and excellent system of distributing collecting-sheets, which was . introduced at the beginning of the year," and which we believe owes its introduction to the inventive brain of the secretary and col lector. It is also worthy of remark, as showing the . charitable feeling which per vades the people of Ballarat and its sur roundings, that £400 more was raised during 1875 from private sources to sup port tbe Ballarat Asylum than the', people of Melbourne and its .surroundings con tributed towards the maintenance of tbe Melbourne Asylum daring the same year. Considering that the 'population of Mel bourne and its snburlw' is ' some 250,000, and the population' of ' Ballarat and its neighborhood only 50,600, this -com parison speaks trumpet- tongued in ' favor of the neoDle of this district, -and of the charitable feelings they possess. Bat the monetary success achieved isnot the duty congratulatory feature in tbe report read last night, though it is cheering to find that fine effect of it has.been_to reduce the det on the institution by £381 7sflld, and there fore when the 'Government -'grant has been paid, hnd the shire connials have sebt in their annual SuhBcriptions.-the -asylum will owe no more than £760 5s lid to -its bankers. The demands for the assist ance of tbe Asylum have decreased though not in proportion to the incteasi In receipts; There was a decrease of 3 in tbe daily average of indoor recipient, and there is also a decrease of 6 adults and flS - chfldien in the - sumber ot persons who applied for-outdoor: relief. There was also .reduction in the immber of applicants for admission in the : lying-in hospital to the extent/Pf 4.: The t.redoction'in the ex- .to £418 5s Gfl; 'partly owiiij|; tothsfaSu>g-K)ff in&e; number of applicants for relief,;aod psrtiy owing to thonareand-ooonoqiywrthiwhichthBABylimi was conducted during the year: "NowTtla worthy jtf jfemaijk ihat Ibis »#Brtbe ifiret- time, since the -Asylum was established, flbat sdecieM'iciDi-lDi; tiie.jipphlBr of persons seeking asmstance.;' aqfl jit port be regarded as conclusive proof (that Ballsrat and- its naghbofbopi are not eo deficient in 'either trade or qemand for lahpr osit is the general practice to allege. At the end of the year, 200 mslee and. 27 females remained in tbe Asyirmi; wbile, during the twelve mouths, 129. males and 74 females Gnchidinglnrihs) were admitted within its walls. - Tbe total number of .per- sdns that shared In Its internal .benjs- ficence daring 1675 was therefore, 430: flp the - Other band, 127 malee and 76 femalee were, discharged; ,bnt jn .these are induded 50 -deaths, whkh is tbe ouiy aofortmtato itomrto be foqnd in the report. The average cost per head was £l7 fls lOd for the year, or a decline of 14s 4d since 1874, and this by the way is abont 15s per head less than the cost of the Melbourne institution. An impression has got abroad that assistance is often given to undeserv ing cases, but the report disposes of 'this; notion in a very summary a£jj effective: fashion. LtahoWs that e very inmate is"teiffer-' ing from 'some: disease recapacfiatintnin or her from obtaining their own liveKbdod,, so that it is dear there is no foundation whatever for this silly impression, so far aa -'tbe -indaor -YedptmtB are -concerned. Asia those outside,fioxlonbt a littiedecmt-; ticin Is occasionally practised ; but,' on toe whole, it -nmst be way small, owing to the searching -enqnnies which the committee make before granting relief to new- ap plicants. Passing over toe laudations bestowed upon the chronic hospital, which deserves all that is said abont it, we come to some more figures. These show that the produce of toe garden at market rates ,yielded £l74 J.4s lOd last .year, and what Is eftill better, -that:a profit of £109 4s was realised out of the dairy. The report also shows that no less than 48,408 rations were issued during toe past year, and of these 27,G32 were bestowed upon children. The practical manner in which the com mittee afford outdoor relief also deserves special mention. For example, when the contribution of a cow, a sewing ma chine, or anything else; will enable a widow or deserted wife to support herself aud family, it is at once provided, or when a home is the first necessity, a building is pur chased for the purpose. In the latter case, toe property remains vested" in the com mittee, and in the former repayment is. ac cepted, where it can be made, in small in stalments until the whole amount is cleared off. Tins, is toe right sortof charity to dispense, because it riot only makes provision for the present, and provides for the future, but it also encourages the poor to struggle out of their difficulties, and to become energetic and self-reliant. - Altogether, the annaal report of the Benevolent " Asylum which appears in another column will be read with a great deal -of pleasure. It shows that the public are earnestly assisting the committee to relieve the poor in our midst; that poverty Is decreasing amongst us ;' that the Aeylom Is creditably and carefully managed ; that the committee do their part of toe work with large- hearted benevoleiice, and at the same time with dis cretion;;- that toe officers show considerable : zeal and intelligence in the discharge of their duties, and above .all that, a large numberof empty 6tomachs are -filied with the necessaries of life, which, without such an institution, -would have no alternative ! but to die by the wayside of sheer poverty and starvation. An institution so well managed, and doingsnch good work as all this shows, deserves the best support of toe press, and the goodwill of all sorts and conditions of people. Our Melbourne correspondent unites Ust night : — " The turmoil Of Tuesday mgbt,nand of many preceding nights, in die Legislative Assembly baa been followed by a dead calm — a calm deceptive enough, no doubt, and perhaps presaging a fiercer storm than ever— but at all events affording tbe House; the public, .and tbe pros a little breathing time during the brief respite " from the struggle. When the Speaker took the chair at the usual hour of half- past four o'clock this(Wednesday)aftenioon there was upon the Opposition side of the chamber a beggarly array of empty benches, while the Treasury seats and those immediately behind than were fairly tenanted. As it is by no means an uncommon occurrence for hon. members to delay- putting in an appearance in their accustomed places until.the sands of the five-minute glass, regularly turned overj upon the clerks' table, are about half run out, no such jiaueo as that which actually occurred was at first antici pated ; but as minute after minute fled until the upper-half of the old-fashioned time-measure had nearly emptied itself, the burly Minister of might be seen hurrying to and fro to hunt up another member or two to make np the number , legally required to compose a House. But it was too late, and although tire Speaker was a little mote literal than Sir Francis Murphy used to be upon such occasions, and allowed half a minute or so over the time, it was of no use, nineteen members only having mnatsed, notwith standing the incessant tinkling of the electric brill throughout the predncts.of the Chamber. I have i already intimated that the members present were nearly all on die Ministerial aide of the House, and 1 may now add that if rumor is tote believed, tbe above-mentioned teUa were 'heard by more than one member of the stone-wall party who did not choose to obey tbe summons.'' It will be seen by oar advertising columns that a meetingfor the purpose a f adopting a petition to the Legislative Assembly, against the Opposi tion, will be farid this evening at ' eight o'clock, at Craig's hoteL There is a great deal street business abont this meeting. "Why don't the Ministerial supporters come out of tbeir shell, and hold a public meeting where the public can really attend ? A correspondent is anxious "to know how Mr L. S. Christie can explain his conduct in taking the chair . at the meeting at Craig's on Tuesday, night, when he is a member of the National itsform League, and thus practically subscribed money to support the cause at the stone- wallers? We leave- the reply to Mr Christie. Every case of scarlet fever ef which mention has been nude, rather at the Industrial School or at tbe Orphan Asylum, is now entirely convalescent. The children who are suffering from scarlet fever at Golden Point are progressing favorably. Two cases have occurred in Gregory street, Stddiera's Hill, one of which showed itself on Sunday last. A picnic of the children at tbe Orphan Asylum, to give them a change of air, is spoken of. Tbe annual Victorian and Tasmanian Weslcyan Conference wfllopexnhis morning in Lydlard street Church at ten o'clock. After devotional exercises, the first business will be the election of president, tbe Rev. j. Harcourt, of Wiiliamstown. bring tbe retiring president, and tbe Rev. J..C. Syrnons, of Melbourne,- the retiring secretary, whieh office will also be filled for the year, rotes bring' taken by ballot— the voting being confined entirely to ministers. This portion of the session is open , to the general public as well as members of theViiurch, the business bring only of a preliminary character, snrii as the election of office-bearers, &c.; At twelve o'clock tbe con ference prayer- meeting will be held, tbe conference adjonrsing at one o'clock. At two o'clock the session will resume, with closed doors, and one of tbe earliest acts of the session then will be to con-- rider tbe memorial "that was yesterday signed by 110 members, praying that members in ad herence be admitted to tbe conference, without taking part in the proceedings. Sacramental ser vices will be held in Barkly street church at half- past seven p m. Connemonal committee, consisting of ministers and laymen, have met in Lvdiard street dining the last two days, and have reviewed ' the affairs of the home and foreign missions, and the various connerirmsl funds. Our Smythesdale oorresppodent writes:— "The, resignation of Mr George " QgmboAani as "a member Of the Legislative Assembly at the present critical juncture of "parliamentary affairs, is re- was at variance with Mr Berry's policy to compel a dissolution bv the erection of a stone- walL he. -evidently believed -fiat a dissolution alone would : meet the present difficulty. It is thought, there fore, that had he ejected to remain a member bf Parliament, his moral Jjnflnence anfi' talents Com bined thrown into t&.scale as against the tactics of the M«CoUocii" m&Jstiy;, wbhMhave necomptished much to secare a victory for the liberal cause." ' The1 adjourned meeting oT shareholders in the recently re-orgmmaed Lai Lai Iron Company was held last night, at Craig's hotel ; Mr R. Dicken son being in tbe chair. Applies tions were con sidered _ for the office of manager, and, s hallot having been taken, lb J. F. SpiUinsn was ap pointed, at a salary of JEt per weric. The deed of association was then road and adopted, and the meeting terminated. '- Tbe Japaneae Oommiarioners'-iiave been enter tained for two or three days by Mr Morton, at his residence, LearmontA and were shown through some of the leading Rums around Lesrmonth, to afford them an opportunity of inspecting the agri- cnltnjaJLresqurceajofthe district. Hi Morton took them to.where Mr Salter's Sireriiugnraiinfe was at work, and the commisrioners (one of whom is Commissioner of Agriculture of Japan) Appeared to interest themselves yery muchin ptaaining ail. necessary information with regard to the avenge, yield per acre, Ac, with the view, no doubt, of ex tending tbe same principles of agriculture to their native land. From conversation Mr Morton had .ir;.?sr8 Tircsre with the commissioners, it appears that only a few reapers and threshing machines have been intro duced into Japan, and these by the Americans, who appear to hare been in adranpg of the. Eng lish "hi Opening np b trade for ihese modern appli ances.: The commissioners left Mr Morton's Jo pay a visit to Mr Lnby's, nnd other placet, to as tote well ported up in the various departments upon their return to Japan. From the.commisfioners it was guttered that it is their intention to establish % firm Sn Melbourne so as to exchange coauno- ditieayrith the. Japanese for our wpoL, ifec. ; and many young men of Japan are now bring edu cated in England and elsewhere fotjtbiLPUrpose of ultimately establishing woollen manufactories and other industries throughout Japan, and thus open it np as an important commercial country among the Other nations of the world. A public meeting wili be held at Campbell's hotel, Haddon, next Saturday evening, at eight o'clock, to form a branch of the National Reform League. Mr Cox, head teacher of the Soldier s Hill School, yesterday re ported two tnore caseS ofiicarla- tina to Dr Bunee — one in "a family named Wilson,"" in Dovcton street north ; and another in a family named Harris, in Armstrong streel'northr To tbe courtesy of Mr Gilchrist, Mr J. K. Baird, and another gentleman, we were yesterday; in debted for a look at the large trout which was hooked out of the waters of Lake Learmonth on Tuesday. It is a really magnificent fieb, with fine clean silvery sides, and as healthy as a Murray cod. It is not intended to commit it to the pot, but to have it 'staffed for public exhibition. \- A fire occurred on Monday in the middle of a paddock of wheat belonging to Mr Joseph Mar shall, on the side of Mount Moorookyle, Smeaton, which was bring levelled. By the assistance of the neighbors and the ajd of the ihisties growing on tbe adjoining land (savs the Crestrici: Adver tiser) the crop was saved. About an acre of the crop was burnt. ' The festivities in connection with the 'Ofiiiiese New Year commenced on Tuesday night, and,' according; to custom, will be kept up for fourteen v4F®; . .- V -' .. : a;, _! The childreu of St. John's Sunday-scjiool, with their' teachers and friends, to ther-riumBef of about ; 300, -held their annual . picnic ' yesterday -ai the Botanical Gardens. Many were conveyed to the trysting place in van6, but others crossed the lake - in Mr Gill's steamer, tYendouree, which had teen chartered for the occasion, and. which was after- : wards kept well occupied in 'making excursions round the lake with the holiday keepers. The. wea tiier was Intensely hot, but there was a fair breeze moving across the waters, and the lake and gardens were the coolest and best places for the juveniles to be.dispoiDg.themseles.-there being plenty of sbade under the umbrageous foliage of the trees. The usual amusements were inr Bulged in, aud ample refreshment provided for the picnickers, who returned to their- homes in the evening well pleased with their days' enjoyment. We understand that a letter was recently re ceived from the Hon. Phillip Russell, stating that he could obtain.no good hunters, in. England, and instructing his manager to send three good horses for the purpose from his ran." Tftese horses will- be shipped for England by tbe Somersetshire. Tbe Ryan family has again .come in contact with the police. Yesterday evening, the fonr children, the eldest eleven, and toe youngest an infant only two years old, -were -arrested' by Constable Delaney, for .being' neglected 'toildren. They will be brought up at the Town Police Court to-day. We understand that a cricket match will take place on the Eastern Oval on Wednesday next, between eleven chosen from the legal and lay. members of the Ballarat Clnb. The losers will pay for a first- class dinner to be provided" at the Club bote). . ' \- The annual meetine of the subscribers to the Benevolent Asylum was held -last night, when Mr C. C. Shoppee was unanimously re-elected pre sident. for the ensuing year. The siwiiiirftraort, which is of a very satisfactory character, wfli be found in another column. A correspondent writes to us, pointing out that thistles are growing luxuriantly in the gardens in Sturt street, and that it should be somebody's business to check the growth of such an undesir able crop. The annual meeting of t he G.U.O.O.F. Ballarat District Council was held last night at tbe halt in Albert street. Tbe balance-sheets and report were read and adopted. From these we gather that the funds of the order had increased to the extent of about £200, and . that the funds of the several lodges had also increased. Tbe funeral fund amounts at the present time to oyer £10001 Tbe election of officers resulted as follows: — DAL, Roger Evans ; DD.M, EL Bradbury ; D.T., B. Richards ; D.S, J. Pounder ; D. As , F. G. Smith and T. Hughes. Subsequently the brethren, to the number of over forty, aat down to a repast, provided by Mr C Walker, of Bridge street ; P.D.M., James Davidson presiding. A lengthy programme of toasts had been arranged, and in tbe discussion of these, interspersed with soqgs, a very pleasant evening was spent During' the proceedings a very handsome" grid'albrat, with locket, was presented to P.D.&L; Lonie, toe locket having a suitable inscription. Tbe half-yearly meeting of the.Anstralikn Natives'. Association wap . held last night at Craig's Hotel, at which toere was" a" very -fair attendance. Tbe usual routine business was transacted, and it was decided to have a debate at tbe next meeting: " Which is the most beneficial to Victoria — a Free-trade or a Protective Tariff J" .Tbe - secretary was instxueted to challenge the Sandhurst branch to a friendly game -of cricket at . Ballarat. Tbe Government invite tenders .this morning for a supply of platelayers' tools to be 'delivered at Ararat, and for two lorries to be delivered at Mel bourne or Geriong. Tenders are also invited for the completion of the works at tire Stats-school, Minersrest- A meeting of the City School of Beard of Advice was held last night. Present — Messrs Whitehead. Boss, and M 'Go wan. Mr Whitehead was deputed to arrange with Mr Ivey for the use'of his steamer to take the children across the Lake on toe occasion of the opening , demonstration, in connection with school No. 33. It was also ' derided that, in the event of sufficient funds being collected, a supply of buns, Ac., should be obtained and vans engaged. A telegram was read, intimating the appointment of Mr Armstrong as head-master, and that toe Minister of Education would be present at tbe opening of tire school. A large number of friends mustered at the rail way station to bid farewell to Mr Joshua Gregory, for many yeara in business in the Main road, who will leave by the mail steamer for England to-day. Mr Gregory has been ailing for some time, and a change to Europe having been recommended by his medical advisers, he has determined to.trv it. Three hearty cheers were given by those assembled, and all expressed a wish that the change will be beneficial to Mr Gregory's health, and that he mat return in toe fulness of health and strength at no distant date. Tbe business daring his absence wili be carried on under toe management of Mr treo. rung, wno nas treen tor several years in Mr Gregory's employ. . Tuesday, the 15th of February, has been fixed toy tire Government for opening the railway to StawelL \ We are desired to call attention to an advertise ment elsewhere, informing intending members that toe Queea Victoria Lodge, LO.G.T, wiU he Insti tuted this evening in Christ Church schoolroom.' .We have teen asked to call attention to tbeJak" that on Wednesday next, at ten o'clock, toKJbae for receiving tendero;for leasing the Seven Hiii. Estate will close. " ... ! ' The stone-wall excitement (says the Herald) js growing in intensity. This was manifested on Tuesday night by the large attendance in Pariia- mentarcL Hm entrance to toe being crowded with pcople, who were 'eagerly dig- " cussing theaituation. TbeMinisterialsupporterede- dare now that the ''iron hand" has been thorongMy parted, and that . unless toe Opposition repent it will be stretched forth totbrir annihilation on Tires- day next. Tbatday witt te theliqrit. On the other' hand, the Opposition declare thai the threats add fulmmntions of the- Government are mererahpty threats. They state" that the Mi ? is try are in 'a thorough'flx,and do npt know what' way to tnrrt;- that the delay they are seeking is simply for the ;pnrpore of considering their positiom lccordiog to toe Opposition, thctoope of toe Ministry .tog when the stoppage of supplies is felt toeoonntarwul , tarn"P0he Opposition, and compel them to givd sray.The Opposition antiripatefourmouthsofsteajy J" toey are not discouraged at the pros pect, as Mr Gaunson is said to be good for eight hours twice a week. The p&Uce; authorities anti- at the Honses rn uniform, four plain dothes men, beaded by Sergeant Dalton, were off as a reserve in caae of « disturbance. J: A tdegram from Maryborongb' in last night's Herald says — Universal regret whs cvpre. Toesjiy, wbraTtoe news of Mr Higinbotiimn s reaignation waa re ceived. The agitation of the public mind fg ib- cresang, especially amongst the working bo are enthusiastically in favor of a ffisaotatiim! Mtteughtteyiio not , believe in the tactira ofte PVty- Tbe woriring' dosses are heartily stck rf Srr James kfCulloch and dead locks." «he Vfflrera aid HeytUmtyst. rootesttoi Tekgrapl writes : — Though- other Votitical events have taken the place of tteMjfora MriHeytobury election In the diactuaioniqif ( Mdbouroe jroKfariana, the contest is creating great interest in the district, where toe result is 9gwed as extremely uncertain. Private information states that the candidates and their committees are alike of the opinion thatitvill be a ' neck and neck w struggle, the Minister of Railways being dered to have, if anything, the best chanced ' 4 Political parlies in Sandhurst are ffiowing sadden activity (says tbe Bendigo Indrptedenty. The Old Libera! Association is to hold a meeting OR Friday night, aod on Monday night a'mblie meeting is to be held in the Corn Exchange, t-o f ke into consideration the political .crista The meeting in the Corn Exchange has been got up by the supporters of the Opposition, vmit it is not difficult to understand the side which itts intended members of the Old Liberal Association shall, take. " Hare you seen the gho6t This (says the< Gerfong Advertiser) is the all absorbing question at present amongst the inhabitants of CMIwell, many of whom aver that at a certain time during t&e; -evenings a spectre can be seen glidingalong bya fence at the intersection of latrobtfuRiuesnd Shatpe street. On Saturday night one " brave" individual, armed with a gnu, visited tbe neighbor hood. and .as on the tiptoe of expectation he waited for the ghost, he 6a ys it did appear ; he fired at it. and was positive he had struck the spectre, but on going to the spot where be expected to find it, it had Vanished. When twitted on Ms' non-success, his stereotyped n.ply is, i( Well, there was some thing white there!" The old saw resecting tbe accidents which may happen between the cop and tbe lip was rather comically, though somewhat criminally (says the TelegrapJt). verified at Wiiliamstown on tbe even-' ing of the ISih. Mrs Manyn, a lady residing in James street, had an evening party, and, unfortu nately for the guests, the supper was liud in an apartment which could be seen into from tbe street. . The tables were covered with the usual good things — tarts, confectionery, fruits, &c.; Boys will be boys, and a hungry band of nine, knowing of the preparations made, burglariously entered the premises through the'back, and carried off Mrs Martyn's supper, while the lady and her friends were otherwise enjoying themselves in enotberipart of tbe houee. Tbe feelings of the hostess and her guests can be Imagined when they discovered tbe empty tables and Mrs Martyn relieved hers by "having the youths who made bo free with her viands brought before the Wiiliamstown bench on Tues day. After hearing tbe details of the case, the magistrates adj turned it until Friday, and advised the boys, to make good the dainty provisions they had so unceremoniously appropriated. A -mad act, rather comical to tbe onlookers though hot to the person chiefly concerned, wgs perpetrated (says the Argus) on Tuesday by a man named Fleming, about twenty-eight years old. Wliile frenzied from the effects of drink, he. was' walking along Spencer afreet, when he passed a cooperage where a man was engaged in charring the inside ef a barrel . Impelled by one of those queer ideas which come into., the heads of men in that state, he made. one spring and jumped feet first into tbe burning barrel. In order to dislodge him it was found necessary to turn the barrel up- ride down, and then, though his feet were severely bunted, the man started off at a run towards the Tarra. A policeman, however, -captured blm, and took "him to the Melbourne Hospital, Into which he was admitted. The Echuca correspondent of the Age tele graphed to that journal as r follows on Tuesday evening : — w Four selections belonging to the Marathon Company, -recently forfeited -by the Echuca land board for alleged dummyism, were sold to-day at the Rochester Government land sale. No publicity was given to the sale,' wfrich should have been held at Echuca, Consequently there was no competition, aod the land only fetched the upset price. It was bought, it is supposed, fior the company. Tbe sale, and the want of proper publicity in connection with it, hare caased some dissatisfaction at Echuca." A OaoLaan AHausna.(9.aii F.... M > d 4-k xiouiau tovi cajjifuucijb i-ue £L(jc j reports that there la a widespread feeling .of in that district, and also in St. Kilda, with Mr Murray Gmitb, on account of his cavalierly offer ing to: resign his seat in favor of Sir John GJShanaasy without first consnltui-hia couHti- toents. 3toey very properly refuse to' be extin guished in this 6ort of style,' and they repudiate toe idea that their votes are at the disposal of Sir John O'Shanossy or any other intHridml that Mr Murray Smith may nominate. " The speculative spirit of the Ballarat people .parades them (remarks toe Gedmtg Advertiser ) wherever they go. A long discussion took place at the meeting of the licensed victuallers, held in Geelong on Tuesday, with respect to toe amount to be guaranteed to pay expenses. Mr Thompson, from Ballarat, stated that a grest deal of fnsa was made about a few pounds, and that toe matter would be tetter managed if floated on the " Corner" at Ballarat. This assertion caused some amuse ment, and Mr Thompson persisted in stating that, rather than see the picnic to Portsea fall through on account of toe Geelong publicans not paying their share, he would ask Mr Thurliug, of Ballarat, to float a company to-morrow. In consequence of the bereavement, which his Honor Judge Poblman has sustained by the re cent loss of his wife and child, leave of for a tone from his judicial duties has teen granted .to him (says the Age) by the Crown law officers. His Honor Judge Cope will undertake his duties pro-teat. Many nersons (remarks the Areas) will regret to bear tost the Bev. T. F. Bird, the well -known .Congregational preacher and lecturer, is vera- fll, suffering from bmmoptysis, or spitting of Wood from the longs. His medical attendant has recom mended him to takes long rest and to use gnat care. The defalcations of toe secretary of tbe West Melbourne Building and Investment Society are likely (says the Age) to bring about legislative action, so as to protect shareholders from the con sequences of negligence on the part of directors and toe dishonesty of officers. On Tuesday even ing Mr Purves gave notice that on the Wednesday following he would call the attention of toe Go vernment to toe precarious nature of investments in building and other investment societies, and ask if. they would take legislative means to appoint Government auditors to audit toe accounts ot such -societies. ... -The Chief Justice, Sir W. F. Stawell, left 0p Tuesday by the Tararua for South Australia. Be' will return to the colony (says the Areas) in the course of a-ireek or ten days. - Ltoy V«gel nd family (says toe Herald) saifod by the Alhambra steamer, for New ZeaJandTon Wednesday afternoon. Sir Julius Yogel behind, to transact some business, and wfli follow his family in the course of a week or so. The Hon. Mr Hastings was also a passenger by the rame Jtearoer. The widow of toe late Hon. Richard Heales. accompanied by Miss and Mr C. F. Heales, has taken her departure for Europe in the Hydaspes. Tbe editor of the Ovens and JkTifrrqy Adoertisea' must have been sadly neglected by the female sex to indulge in such rhapsodies in his columns as those we subjoin. Could he not relieve bin His, tressed mind by negotiating with the voung tomato. ; and thus pull -off the prize which he so much » ewj out «oiwi, uoaer tne circumstances, we are disposed to think would be anything but a plea sure to secure ? Behold what he says on the sub ject : — " The following affecting advertisement appears in toe Daily Telegraph op Fridav Young lady, in good circumstances, good-looking, aged nineteen, wishes to correspond with gentle-" man m (rood circumstances, with a view to inatri- i mony. Enclose portrait. Address Roadie, post office, Prahran. Poordear.whata wretched place Praliran ; must be that it caruiot afford a voluntary consoler of this forlorn damsel, with her very nice advan- tagts. It really makes one long to learn the rest of for an exchange of portraits would only tell us what she has tola us already. We won't be afcleto get 'Rosalie' out of ourstupid head for -days -awL nights. Bow -toll fa RosaKe? Irshe blonde or hrnnette? What is the color of her hair andher eyee ? Is she soft sna tender, and Mined one ' s® "ne round,, die- sturdy: 7 J"."0' we altould like to air toe part ofthe Mk. Qrisehe gay and froiicsooe iike the playful Jatten! If so, we would desire our soul to trans migrate into a worsted balLtoat abc might tev What sreed glove does she take? Would 1 tout gfove. . Or, ohl what is the number of her ttpon our neck if it pleued)her. But we must stop or go mad. Oh, Rosalie! Rosalie ! ! you have much to answer for." Theymmgtadtes J04nswerJor„for allowing so much gushing affec- teoti to run wastein its midst direct attentinn to an advertisement whfch appear ' WfoteT0® hebM taa0Tei »» 