THE CLOSING SCENE. The following is pronounced by the Westminster Review to be unquestionably the finest American poem ever written : — Within the sober realm of leafless trees, The russet year inhaled the dreamy air; Like some tanned reaper, in his hour of ease, When all the fields are looking brown and bare. Ihe gray barns, looking from their hazy hills, O'er the dun waters widening into vales, Sent down the air a greeting to the mills, On the dull thunder of alternate flails. All sights were mellowed and all sounds subdued, The hills seemed farther and the streams sang low, As in a dream the distant woodman hewed His winter log with many a muffled blow. The embattled forests, crewhile armed with gold, The banner bright with every martial hue, . Now stood like some sad beaten host of old, Withdrawn afar in Time's remotest blue. On sombre wings the vulture tried his flight; The dove scarce heard his sighing mate's complaint ; And like a star, 6low drowning in the light, The village church vane seemed to pale and faint. The sentinel cock np is tho hillside crew — Crew thrice— and all was stiller than before; 8i1ent, till some replying warden blew His alien horn, and then was heard no more. Where erst the jay, within the elm's tall crest. Made garrulous trouble round her unfledged young ; And when the oriole swung her swaying nest, By every light wind like a censer swung. When sang the noisy martins in the oaves, The busy swallows circling ever near— Foreboding-, aa the rustic mipd believes, An early harvest and a plenteous year. Where every bird that waked the vernal feast Shook tho sweet slumber from its wings at morn, To warn the reaper cf the rosy East— And now, was sunless, empty, and forlorn. Alone, from out the stubble, piped the quail, And croaked the crow through all the dreary gloom ; Alone the pheasant, drumming in the vale, Made echo in the distance to the cottage loom. There was no end, no bloom upon the bowers, The tpidera moved their thin shrouds night by night, The thistle-down, the only ghost of flowers, Sailed slowly by — passed noiseless out of sight. Amid all this, in this most dreary air, And where the woodbine sheds upon the porch Its crimson leaves, as if the year stood there, Firing the floor with its inverted torch ; Amid all this, the centre of the scene, The white-haired matron, with monotonous tread, Plied the swift wheel, and with her joyouB mien Sat like fate and watched the flying thread. She had known sorrow. He had walked with her ; Oft supped, and broke with her the ashen crust, And in the dead leaves she still heard the stir Of his thick mantle trailing in the duBt. While yet her cheek was bright with summer bloom, Her country summoned and she gave her all ; And twice war bowed to her his sable plume — Regave the sword to hang upon the wall. Regave the sword, but not the hand that drew And struck for liberty the dying blow; Nor him who, to his siretond country true, Fell mid the ranks of the invading foe. Long, bnt not loud, the droning wheel went on, Like that low murmur of a hive at noon; Long, but not loud, the memory of the gone Breathed through her lips a sad and tremulous tone. At last the thread was snapped, her head was bowed ; Life dropped the distaff through her hands serene ; And loving neighbours smoothed her careful shroud, While death and winter closed the autumn eoene. T. B. Bead. 