SPOKTING NOTES FBOUtR®41®' I BY JPo»abgus. <'£#' I Per Califorkian j IiONIK)N, 19,QcW® jjggT j tj Glasgow, olE eccentric and tb1 1 memory, waxed fnriouB if Wfj favour or affection had hoc® 1 honw apportionment of mights, tan. gasgsmeNMiy,, thanpoliteconveyed tothe oomJusloMshipVopinio,,, mdissLcssm Minted of tira withdrawal of animals from their engagements beoanse heavierimpoata nofc warded. In thos . giving ioree to his dis- pleasure the deceased peer took offence never before or emce manifested by an aspirant to handicap honours, who is acoopntea exceedingly clever if successful in deceiving the handicapper or evading popular enthusiasm if in the po (Ses sion of a "sure card.'1 Striking illustrator of this were afforded in the Cesawwiteh just de- c.ded for which, as stated, in my last, public fancy from the cutset settled upon VVoodlZk 4 yrs, 1st 21b, as the best-favoured home in the race Doubtless, with his head loose, the bp position would have been chopped at Lincolnin the spring; but, thoagh raaniag on several I occasions at various places, the son of Nut bourne h -d won nothing since performing very! respectably as a two-year-old. Great, there fore, was the rush when certain movements, in-' dicafced chat his day had arrived at last True ' people here and there shook their heads at the idea of \\\ oodlands holding his own over two! miiGS and a quarter of ground, but assurances of a trial extraordinary at home modified appro- ' he 1 sums on that score, while i they had tested i hi u good enough to give pounds to anything supposed to retain the ghost of a chance 'in the contest. His owner, about the oldest and most1 crafty of our bookmakers, had shared the fruit v oi victory in this race with Dulcebella and! Ouene in 13S0 69 ami was ouly beaten a head j i »r h With the Trmh gelding two veats ago ; ' ami now Fin Ion, m training quarters, was be-j iieved to have m W oodiauds the best horse of' his age iu the Universe. Fred Swindells, more- 1 over, was an adept too artful to be mistaken I When in earnest, and appearances certainly Warranted the most sanguine expectations. But the confidence of the party behind Woodlands did not in the least disturb the equanimity el! Mr. James Smith, also a shift wd and ex- J liericMC-id memhw of fbo t>inn : V - , 6 ' nil .1 j a horse named Rarfciugfcou, had taken the Cesarewitch in IS 62, "and was now se ! c-etly heat on again securing the prize. A y jailing by Speculum out of Ladylike, purchased; f <r hi.n at 2\K) guineas, was considered, not worth j r icing during his juvenality, and only started! t vice as a three-year-cld unsuccessfully of' c »urse. Indeed, wfe are told that at one time; i was intended to throw him up, butou account ! o: his good looks it was thought that he might! i n pruv.j. and the owner was content to bide his! time. Early this spring the trainer, George! Clemeut-s. discovered that the all but " cast- off" j ha I developed into a really useful horse. He : was privately tried with Prodigal, Akbar, and! Bouibaki, and 4 'cleaned out'' 'the lot, each! hiving afterwards won good races. These facts! led to the Ladylike colt being entered for the! great Newmarket handicap, but, with 7sfc 51b put ou his back, he could not be said to have beeu "chucked in." Still, tbe owner was not dismayed, and a fortunate circumstance helped him to the first pull of an impending golden harvest. In the same establishment fat Lam- bourne) was Blantyre, also entered for the Cesarewitch, an idol for whom backers had been patiently waiting ever since he changed hands at Mr. Merry's sale for 2,500 guineas. A smart commission thrown into the market for the latter by the Smith party, had the desired effect, and the cold shoulder was given to the Ladyiikel colt, now christened Rosebery, concerning! whom the liberal odds quietly booked by agents! all over the country meau while placed an enormous stake at Mr. Smith's_command. This accomplished, the true condition of affairs came out, and on the day succeeding the despatch of my September notes, the demand for RoSebery brought him to the same price — 9 to 2 — then obtainable about Woodlands, and yet nothing that either had done on the racecourse justified the notiou that the race would fail to ORe of them ! In fact, on Rosebery rs arrival at bead- quarters, the critics thereto belonging voted him " three-cornered, peacocky, and light in con dition," which possibly influenced his retro gression iu the betting on the evening preceding the conflict, while Woodlands was as firm -as ever. Hopbloom, then becoming second favourite, strengthened the hopes of thousands depending on public form and what1 they saw of him at Ascot. Coomassie, on the contrary, re ceded after a trial, in which she succumbed, to John Day, the schoolmaster of Kisber, ou the strength of which Mr. Balfcazzi, who also owns the son of John Davis, accepted 12,000 to 1,000, and subsequently fourteen monkeys about his chance. Of the Irish contingent Herberttown broke down after being backed to win £40.000 ; CJonave was put out of court from a similar cause, and tbe unbeaten Umpire, one of the very best threes year-olds se&u; this season, alone did battle for the sister isle. Superior by far of the French- trained quartette engaged was La Coureuse, who. had she beeu kept expressly for the race, would unquestionably have troubled the leaders, as shown by the style in which she cut down the field for tbe Trial Handicap, over tbe Cesarewitch track, which is run on the after noon prior to the big event. For this,- a penalty previously incurred became increased to 151b., so the mare was not asked the grand question, and the sen was Dut through her name the same evening. Wet and dreary was the forenoon of the seeond day (Tuesday, 10th), and ram having descended heavily during the night, the heath was speedily trodden into a quagmire. Happily, a new stand now furnishes shelter for the many in inclement weather, but the clouds relented, and ceased weeping entirely ere twenty-nine combatants reached the post for the Cesarewitch Stakes, (handicap), of 25 sovs each, 15 ft., with 300 added ; two miles two furlongs 28 yards ; 80 sab- r Mr J. Smith' b c Bosebe.y, by Speculum dyhke, Mr 'sJrindeU's ch c Woodlands, by N»£ne- JSSSSA r?«ess,tyI>uJ s The following also ran Hampton, 4 yrs, Sst 121b; Coomassie, 4 yrs, 8st 8ib j ,Talma,n' 5 yrs, Sst 71b ; Courtomer, 4 yrs, Sst; Blantyre, 5 yrs, 7«fc 121b ; Innishowen, 4 yrs, finis, 4 yrs, 7st 81b ; John Day, 3 yrs7st 7 , Braconnier, 3 yrs, 7st 4Vb ; Professor o m 6sr 12lb; Hopbloom, 3 yrs; 6st 121 b ;j Petition, 5 yrs, . fist 121 b = colt, by Uncas-Trgbs/'k, 3 yrs, fist 101b Conjuror, 5 yrs, fist. 91 5 3 yrs, fid 7ib ; Miss Uzsd<V 3 yrs, 6st./ >; Wisdom, 3 y rsr fist fiib ; Cafco: 5 6sfc fiib ; \- Cataclysrn, .43V«,'fistfib ;BouBon»3 yrs, 6sfc ilb ; Correggio, 3 yrs, fist ; Lady Maiden, 3 yrs, fist ; filly by Flash in the Pan—Juliet, 4 yrs, 1 11 to Sm'tHonhw' to a3sfc Woodlands, ,100 to 8 asst ra?a»?ni' 40 Rosebery, 100 to 10,7 4 Talisma 25 to 1 each soL P -" y fm. Merry Duchess, each agrt 33 ' ' Estephe. 4o£T t51SS Llzzie> aud St. I tompi' « Catoj 66 to 1 each Cour- i J uliet' fi !I v TO ?a ?n Lady and ! fcvie Sit. eaoh a«at Hampton. Blan- ! Wisdom, and Ooreeg8' Petokion' Broadside. 'simaUW flaS n hoisted, as a 'ami 1 . «r assembled, thau it fell, itait ,,?rdVei':! 'hout a faUure with mili- V Jrafctt v'' f the enrprise of those iZ t t WfitlnS orders had been given, Rossi- tS Hopbloom to the front at once, ind led I by halt a dozen lengths in advance of Lady Mal- itStthe c»f- /Cep ginig- The upshot was that the cutfcingedown tactiCa— the b8y pleaded lltt f ,oId bim-sefctledhis fate neaily a mile home, and weU though Coo- I lassie, Jofin Day, Inueshoweuj and Umpire per formed until approaching the six furlong course, i t ie race thence was confined to Rosebery. j \\\ ooodlanas, Merry Duchess, and Broa'd- |side. Neavmg the bushes a fifth drew along - i side Mr. fenuths horse. It was Blantyre, whose ; rider (Clements) having learned from Archer j himself that he had the race safe in hand, a s j quickiy disappeared in the ruck. Directly after jthis incident Rosebery was sent out, and left | V\ oodhmds aud Merry Duchess virtuall> stand- ling still. Emerging from the Abiuuuoji mile JottOni the leader was fully eight ieiigi-hs in a-.i- vauce ; aud thence being pulled the remafnine distance the gap was reduced to ioar .Jeuith--- l>e- iore oodlands, who had great diiiijuiiy rn. saving second houours from Mex-ry pDuchess l>y a neck, and confirmed Admiral Rous's estimate that \v oodlands was neither a glutton, uor a non-stayer. Umpirej fourth, ran tbe good horse his Undefeated hafeer fortified his cOunttymen in proclaiming him beforehand, by beating all the heavy- weighted English three- year- oias a long way. Finis was fifth, (on suf ferance), John Day (who did not improve one iota on his Chester Cup exhibition) sixth, Courtomer seveuth, C&to; and Broadside next. Run in 4mio. 9sec. , Yaiue of the stakes, £1,4S0. Kext to Woodiancis. tile ct>ief disnp p ointments of the race were Hopbloom, Talis man, Cataclysm, and Pfofessor, while Merry Duchess seems to be cu seJ with t-har. uubappy itnack of getting evm-y place but the first one Although" the winnings of Mr.. Snlitii a:.d his tneuds will drain the ring of considerably over £100,000, congratulations were equally forth coming from his brother professionals aud the gentlemen. So far from attempting to keep the good thing to himself, Mr. Smich, after iuvest- jiug his owu money, told everyone who had the j smallest claim to ask. a question on so delicate a i matter that the horse- was a good one, and would certainly win if no accident befel him. j Originally himself a " typo,1' Mr. Smith al lowed diveirs members of the Press to stand with him at 100 to 7 on Rosebery and Blantyre coupled, from which there is good reason for believing that if i he " dark one" had failed the ! other would have brought it off; A douceur of £1,000 to F. Archer will cause the popular jockey to enter pleasing reminiscences of his ;&econd; Cesarewitch triumph, and the trainer l who watched it on Blaatyre no doubt took I care of himself; Mentioning that Lord Fal mouth won his fifth Clearweli for tv\ o-year-oids j with the penalised Silvio, leaves iiothing more to record of the thirty-eighth Cesaiewitoh day. On Wednesday,, at the sale of Lori Rose bery 5s horses, it was announced by Mr Tatter- sall that his lordship, who starced for America on the previous Saturday, does not -intend to give up racing. Touchet, 2 yrs ; Rosbach, 2 yrs; and Snail, 6 yrs, were bought in re spectively at I,350gns., 2,000gns.and l,200gns., while Controversy was not put up in cchse- quenee of the lamene-s which succeeded his re cent defeat. Bay Wyndhatn, 3 yrs, for whom his lordship gave 2,200gns., was sold for 300gns. to Mr. T. Y. Morgan ; aud Father Claret, 3 yrs, whq cost l,200gns. as a yearling, went for 310gns. Only the bad ones were dis posed of, so that the sale, after all, amounts to a " weeding out " only. The third day's racing enabled Sir J. D. Astley to recoup his heavy Hopbloom losses by winning the Ditch Mile Nursery Handicap, for which there were twenty-two runners, with Kino, a son of Broomielaw and Tiny. Oxonian, now in his tentli year, but not yet done with over short distances, won on Monday, wheu nobody would bid 150 guineas for him, but again wionir.g to day, 500 guineas, or 300 in excess of his ente.e.i selling price, prevented his changing hands. Eccosais, 5 yrs, showed rare form by scatter ing a good field, over five furlongs of ground., with list 31b in the saddle; but the Beaufort Post Stakes, over the Rowley mile, constituted the sensation of the afternoon. Four three- year-olds ran, and 11 to 10 was betted freely on' Wild Tommy, but Twine the Plaiden and Great Tom both finished in front of him, the mare winning cleverly, and knocking the St. Leger form into a " cocked hat," the fourth, not near, being the French Camembert,- THE MIDDLE PARK PLATE, On the fourth day, confused still further the already complicated form of eur two year-olds, in «ntrv of seventy-four dwindled to eighteen runners, and the absentees included Warren Hastings, with whom Goater imagined he should vin the event for the second year in suc cession, but the colt fell lame. At Doncaster, Chamant, in the Champagne, appeared unable to hold a candle to Lady Golightly, the victress of that race, and it was said he could not stay. Subsequently, however, it .seems he won a rasping fna! with Eccosais, and puzzles us to conceive how as much 'as 20 to 1 was the price against him at starting for the two-y ear-olfi Derby at Newmarket. The high- priced Sidoma, whose purchase money as a yearling made a deep hole in 2,500 guineas, ran iu public for the first time, and had been tried to be equal to Kaleidoscope at 91b, but performed so indif ferently as to confound her party, at least for the present. Plunger, the name given to Mr. H. Baltazzi's colt by Adventurer out of Lina, since winning his first race in the north on Town Moor, mightily pleased the cognoscenti, and he is really a fine specimen of the thoroughbred, but tbe fondness shown every wheie for Lord Falmouth's sweet filly gave her unmistakably the 'call, especially when his lordship declared to win with her in preference to King Ciovis. Middle Park Pl.atk. of 500 sovs, added to a sweepstakes of 30 sovs each, 20ft. For' two- year olds. Six furlongs. 74 subs. Count F. De Iiasncaujre'f; Ch >maiut, by Mortemer— Ar&ueariit;, 8s ISIfc (.ndu ilnjir ilb extra) .. Goater 1 Duke of Westminster's Peliegrmo, by Palmer— | Audley, Sst 61b . . " ' M«,F- ahazzi's Plunger, by Adventurer— Lina, 8st »lb .. .. .. Parry 8 Lord Falmouth's Lady Golightly, by King Tom— Lady Coventry. 8st 131b including 71b extra) . " ... F. Archer 4 The following also ran The Rover, 8sfc 61b ; Thunderstoue, fist 6Lb ; colt by Buccaneer: — Vol- tella, Sst 6lb ; Sidonia, Sst 61b ; Ipswich, 8st 61b ; Hadrian, 8st 61b; Peterboro', 8st 61b ; King Ciovis, Sst 6ib ; Orleans, 8st 91b ; Fileuse, Sst 61b ; Glen Arthur, 8st 61b ; Bay Julia; 8st 31b (carried Sst 51b) ; Anthony, 8st 61b ; King of Spades, 8st Gib. Betting at starting : 2 to 1 agst Lady Golightly, 4 to 1 agst Plunger, 5 to 1 agst Sidonia, 7 to 1 agst Peliegrmo, U to 1 agst Rover, 16 to 1 agst King Glovis, 20 to 1 each agst the Voltella colt aud Chamant, and 33 to 1 agst Fileuse. No ex ception could Lie taken to the start, aud when the rest had shot their bolts at the top of the hill, the fcur placed came out in a line, closely succeeded by The Rover, and a splendid struggle ensued. The weight, however, told upon the favourite a dozen strides from home, and Pelle- grino, representing the Russlev Ptahle, held a slight advantage of Plunger uutil close upon the chair, when Chamant closed with the pair, and won a magnificent race by a neck. The same divided second and third, with Lady Golightly fourth at an interval of half a length, and ahead before The Rover, these beiug separated by four lengths from Thunderstone, the Yoltella colt, Sidonia, Hadrian, and King Ciovis in the order named. On Friday matters were further mystified in the Pendergasfe Stakes, by Plunger vanquishing Palm Flower, Lady Golightly, and Central Fire ; so that until Plunger and Chamant have played out their rubber next week in the Dewhurst Plate, no one can say whether Eng land or France will boast of the winter favourite for the Derby of 1877. In the Queen's Plate, of 300 guineas, the exhibition ma-ie by Charon of La Coureuse, Lilian, Craig Miliar, Coltness, and others, in contrast to the hollow defeat Charon i sustained in the Cup at Doncaster, may be ad duced as one of the most stunning illustrations of the "glorious uncertainty" for which the season has been notorious. (Our correspondent's letter via Brindisi, giving an account of the Cambridgeshire and the coursing of the month will be published next week). 