Pleas and Plaints. •.. fFltOM THE GROWLERY.] " N011 irridicitle dixit." An Adelaide draper of the most enterprising and advertising disposition (whom to characterize is to name) had the honour of proposing the toast of " The Parliament" at the Mount Barker Show. The advertising draper begged to express his opinion that the Council had not" had fair treatment from the Press." What may be called fair treatment, is, of course, a matter of opinion, but that description of fair treatment which they have received here, has no doubt been more suitable to their bodily and mental equilibrium than the Donnybrook fair treatment which they would probably have received amongst our Eastern neighbours. With just that amount of indebtedness to them, which we acknowledge, there is no doubt the Council would be "paid out" in a kind of currency which our colonists are too gentle to use. The gentle and highly civilized character of S. Australian society being so obvious why, oh why, should the formerly honorable Mr. Strangways write fiom England, thus : " I further venture to think that the presence in the colony of persons who may fairly be termed ladies and gentlemen, and who have been for the greater part of their lives accustomed to associate with ladies and gentlemen would not be, in any "way, injurious to the colony, or to the social status or habits of life of the colonists." Are we or are we not to read a somewhat between the lines here? Does Mr. S. certainly conclude that we cannot Taise our own gentlemen and ladies, or is this too difficult, south of the Line ? Perhaps the Council of Education and the University Council will furnish reports upon thia point. By the way, observethe keenness of moderation with which the thrust is made. Such < : would not be in any way injurious." This is the true style of 19th century incisiveness - '•The Defendant has not greatly raised himself by these transactions in the opinion of the observant and'upright."—Translation. —The Defendant is a confounded blackleg and nobody \\\ ill like to change a pound note for him. Further philological remarks when the weather moderates. Here is a story for the young and rising race. The moral of my talk is but short and is placed here, there is none at tlr*. infe-ri-or end. so do not be a-fraid. In the sun-ny colony of South Tre-ble-A, there were, and are, two good boys whom you must fol-low. This is the mo-ral—Im-i-tate I he good-y good-y boys of whom you shall hear heie. The name of the eld-er is mas-ter Wost and the name of the young-er mas-ter Yaw. Their, fa-tliers I hear, were both sliep-herds, but these good young boys did not feed their fa-thers' flocks, or if they did it was ra-ther with law than gos-pel. But law is ve-ry good, and ev-e-ry bo-dy may use it, but should not let it be-corne the be-all and end-all of life. And the law is well a-dapt-ed to make oue high be-low. Well, at the great school where these boys Wost and Yaw were fag-ging, the Dux went away and af-ter they had been sor-ry for him a lit-lle while there was a great talk among the boys and a-mong the mas-ters as to who was best boy to be Dux in succes-sion to the boy g ne away. Some talk-ed a lit-tle a-bout a Ma-son. who had told them sto- ries a-bout Lew-es Cas-tle but near-ly e ve-ry bo-dy said, it must be Mr. Wost or Mr. Yaw. Many re-mem-ber-ed that Wost was one of the Tri-pos and had been thought a good boy to be-c ;me Dux four-teen years be-fore. But Yaw was both learn-ed and good and what was more to the pur-pose he stood ve-ry well with the masters. He had been em-ployed to look over the ex-er-cises of some country Ma-gis-ters who were Stipendiary un<!er the staff of his school. (Your go-veniess or your pret-ty cou-sin will look out some of these long-er words for you and sup-ply you with the sense). So, as I was say-ing, he stood very well with the staff of Pro-fes-sors and be-ing quick and not so long out of his ma-thematics lie-aid-ed them in turn over the pons a.n?wr 11 m. So when the mas-ters had to decide one of them who was an odd-fel-low said :: Rro-ther Yaw will you take office if du-ly elected" an .l brother Yaw after a pause for the sake of appear-atices said in ef-fect " I do wish I may get it " and so he did get it. This lesson may be thought short, but may be made longer by taking repeat-ed spells, and that is all. There is rather a dearth of news here and elsewhere just now, and the promoters of big tomatoes and other natural celebrities have a fine time. At the Northern Territory, in default of more important avocations, they aie taking to the matching and breeding of domesticated snakes; after that they will probably turn their attention to the crocodiles and alligators, and if matters do not mend, I think we must follow suit. Mr. Little is much to be congratulated on his leave of absence. The friendly services of the Malays are about as disagreeable as the occasional hostility of some native or other who calls himself a Larrakeeyah, or some equally beautiful, heathenish name. Perhaps Mr. Strangways could get a few hundred of the officers from the army and navy to come out with, say, £100,000, and this unpleasant tarry-taTry off our But I fear Mr. S. like myself is braver, in his growlery, than anywhere outside ; he has long ago had the name of cynic, we know what that means in plainer English. The Boucaut Ministry then has fallen, fallen perhaps to rise again more strong, more wise than ever. We shall see. In the meantime, unless Mr. Boucaut is very rapid in his successes, Friday will see rs without a Government. But what is that 1 We are quite accustomed to these convulsions of the political world. We still smoke, perhaps shout, perhaps sing : We never cast a team away, A team, who for us plainly cared, A tender group, a faded spray But wish they had the better fared. We never look a last adieu To men (familiars) but the heart Shrinks with a feeling, nearly pain E'en from their lifelessness to part. We never speak the word ' farewell' To politicians, past and broken Without a thought, how vain to be For ghosts thus sobbin' and thus chokin.' THE WRITER. 