A 'HAUNTED HOLE. P romt Once a Week.; TAKE the first turning to (tie right, up from the beach, through a court whore you may hear'the steam-plough of civilization hard at work-the steam-press; thou into Drury lane; off again to the right, and you will come into Hopelese-strooeet, whore the sun seems afraid to shine, and the houses anr packed full of hopeless tenants. Then you may go into a street whore shopboards are loaded with choap goods; whoro butochor pile up cheap pieces for dirty people to turn over with dirty fingers, and then perhaps buy, perhaps leave; whore vendors of oat's moat find a locus standi; where white scrubbed boards display curious preparations of the inner economy of the ox or cow, side by side with gluey - looking hoofs, and strange collootiono of roll-up, musty frag monts, hold togother with skowers. Oheap vegetables are there in plenty, pickled whelks, hot heeols, faggots, hot shoops' hlde, banked potatoes, pigs' or shoopo' trotters, bonnon bouches innumnerable for the dwellers around \who have money to invest. For it is a rare district which hems in Flare-market while the raroet and richest spot-richout in population-is Slaughtor court. A.n agrooeble unamo, and if by any other name it had smolt as sweet, it would have boon no advantage to the inhabitauts who thickly thronged theoroin. It was a pleasant place for children, since they could visit the handy spots whore grenny, blood smoared meni ktnocked downe bultlocks, or stuck smoking-knifos into tio throat of passive bloeating sheeoo; at loeast ouch children who lived to run ilone, for here they die off au thickly as flioes whoe ait cold and biting wind speeds through the streets; and a fine harvent was reaped here by the cheap undertakor. Slauglitor-coturt, Flaro-markot wheore the gas burns no brightly of a night ! and whore iighllt n11d day, spring, summor, autumn, and winter, walks a ghost-the ghost of the grating. A fearful ghost-a blighting, savage, death-dealing, ghastly shade ; the loader of a troop of postilont-scourges---a spirit who points hero, and cholera obeys his host; who points there, and typhus hurries off; who points now, and diphtheria goes to a houseo; who points then, and consumption swoopa down. For it is a deadly, fearful shado, and fierce is tho battle it wageso with the people in Slaughter-court. The grating stands at the end of the court and loads down to ia drain, the drain to ta sewer, andt the owver to the groat black river which flows throgh our mighty city ; and though the people of Slaughter-court trioed to hboko the demon bolr with atll kinds of nnitlorablo filth, yet here at all tines walked the deadly ghout, a ghost in theso nineteenth contuiry days, the onomy of till but the undertakor. No one lihad over soon it, but all know tit ghost was thore; and whenever theo tndor taker's man brought in one of those cold, hard- lined enaos, people shook their hoadn and said the ghost ought to be laid ; and mrisen sitting in vootry said it ought to be laid; writort in now?spapcri and magazinio said it ought to be laid ; doctors, laiwyorn, ttatos men- overybody said it ought to be laid; but the ghost came o gain out of its slimy lair, woept up and down the court and its noighbourhoo, andl laugheod, for it Inow that people talked much and did little. Ono man said that the grating whoro the ghost carno tip shluld be trapped, and a trap wano sot; but the ghost still came and wont, for the trap caught it not, and thil invisible shade still slow its hundreds. Down inl the country theroe lad been a sharp rime front, and with it a dense white miit through which the sun loorked fiercely rod, while every hedge and spray was silvered over with froutwork. But in London, and about Slaughter-court, the mint hung in the shape of a deonie fog--yellow, clammy, smoko-burdonod, aind nuffocating. The very lungs rejected it, and seot up an irritated cough ; the eyes ached, burned, tind smarted ; lwhilo the head throbbed pallinfully. Ono, two, throoe, four days had the fog g hung on Slaughter-court, whore all day long people burned wretched flarinng, yollowv-flamed dip andillon to see their way about the gloomy rorom whose windows wore thick with Lou dion dirt. And now the grisly lshado, that thie teeoon frouty air thad driven nhivering back to its grated lair, ntolo out ngitin, flaip ping its wings, first over one shabby homo anid thou over antotlhor, whon from off' tholu wingi fall a umiuto dust-tho sood of the dinonoo that hliotil Mlnako those hetlon doenolated. itoutno uafter houno wan visited; room ifter room; spots where the falling nood would fall upon good ground, and br ing forth its mlanifold fruits -- fruitn nIurtlred bIy carolonnoies, greed, and bitter poverty. The ghost flapped its (witlgo and smiled an it looeod now ohero, now thoro; here ait tltildron that coomodl to hanv beon horn old, hilarp-foatured, sharp.yeod, cornor-bodinrd ehildrou; not nakeod, but in their ohnhby rags, foul iind loaitlsomo, thley soonltd to Iolck tlih horinit, comiifortablt lspoolt of the ianr navage. Kuonii, cutting chilron, who onull ntiiokto aind to wanr aitnd hIlltlnptoo-- faisnitnilos of thlie oldor hliiltlronii, thoir progoeittrn--chlliltron in gnod, patriarchas il evil. Ieo lookued there llpon hIollowa-olcokedl hiii, thin , tunted lidn, min in yoaru, but wheioo boardhlosa inaoui hald the lolris of sickly boyt of liftoti, and a ilonuliar Iuntlor-lhandlod tir islout (hair every featurn, which i oiemdt to paklt of ia want of metil and bodily ilnllai nai; iponi ghi]s who had prohabtly never liord of the utord "innoonnoe," atl tlhey hntughled niid jontedol with tIhe otliher detnizon,? of the collrt; ipoin old rutnn--old hoiforo their timreo; upon hol wometn, wivn, miand rothiorn; ntd thten upoin th I rivoe-like hounon where theiy aill nvwarmod -- hontlon wuvnting itl ror' rything Ilthat toliull mtnaho a htomo, cllini i nd ovi tsowin[, int thir own tilthi; husatti thiilterinmg froot' forty to eighty btings ho breathe the Iuleitid n id jitillutid ar whilch huig in it donult, slltr, frotind viapor in •liaetgt iitind tntiiti ittaircai,. AlIli rar plt, f' tlhinnhi o(lfl thlO opultion \--the ftitl itl thlorin hurt ; for giminortitng i ciOirnem anll] wertlos brltlOi yourly--tu r/tto, tliiti hInow not iof mnotilye, hoilesty, or loitnlitlolu \---..i mrci (hit iie gather our garuot'titti ttrutInd iii att], himn, btt who unihy revlougo themollu(lVei tion t IltJ by irur0iadintg tho diu t frirn the fioul oIprit'a wingt,. Andt yet, with all tile fiilitgs and wants of these of Slauaghtor-court, thtero worn tihe hltutran virtuon strugglilng to nnasort thomselvns oven when choked down by the many vices. Love and eympathy were strong, and would make themselves known in the sad-featured mother who wept over her lost one, and the sympathising neighbour who whispered comfort. But it was the undertaker who fattened more than the landlord upon Slaughter-court, for when one died, old or young, child or suokling, the cry was the same, " let'shave a decent berrio'," and contributions would fall in from all round-b-hre a halfponny, there a penny, twopence, slxpence--while a " friendly lead " would make up the rest, andi perchance a hundred friends and neighbours would be at the funeral. There was no sleekness of work at Elman's, round the corner ; and the tapping of the little hammer might be heard early and late, hollow and echoing, while the ghastly, bloated-headed cherubs on the black ornaments and coflin-furniture looked on at the preparations to provide a docent end for those had never had a docent beginning or middle to their lives. The doctor came not here so often as the Slaughlter-courtere wont to tile doctor at the " 'pensry " or the "'oerpital; " but visits for help were frequent ; when science began to smother out the fever-fires, and then as soon as the elfferor returned the ghost of the grating chuckled and gently blew with its fotid breath and fhnned the fire with its wings, so that the burning glowed ngrin while tie heat-robbed nature shivered and trembled in spite of the fiery diseose. The doctors worked, and the ghost worked. Tire doctors hadl the patient for half-an-hour ra tiay, andt the ghost had hiini for twenty-threo bourn and a-half ia day; so the ghost conquered egnin and again, time after time; and the doctors nighed and tallred of parish improvements, and fresh air, and drainrgo, and then shruugged their lhonlders in dlesplair of change. And night came, and the fog lifted, for the breeze tried to force an ontrance right through the court, but it could not. So theo broozo failed, and the fog nottleod down foul, heavy, and danklr, covering wall and window with tears, and making overything clammy to the touch. The policeman, heavy-booted, tramped to the uend, looked down as far an he could, listonod, and walked on. Then iis hroavy nailed boots were heard upon the wet, greraey pavomont till hoe had panned; but he wont not down Slaughter-court, whore the one gas Inamp burined slowly and spluttering with the foul air that was in pipe nud lantern; and beneath, now all was still, up came the ghost from the grating, laughing trap and iron bare to ecern, arr it floated slowly up-a thin, transparent ghastly mist that rono and ,ank, and pnaeotl through nook and eranny, and envoloped all it icareo near. Now emall and oomproreod, now exparnding rnrd hugo, it floatred hero and thero till Inorn-if the dingy gloom of Slaughter- court moritoed the namno-till morn apponard, when it gazod down in the dim water at a farm far below- a grim, bluoecold, hideoiue fac, still and impassivo, or again ranerod with pain; now with bright staring oyce, now with thono eyes closed, as if in eloop. Long and lov ingly the ghoot gazed upon this frro, till sloop grow heavier and the cyos opened not. The faco warr hideou, but the ghastly parent saw only the lineaments for loving-for the faoe in the waterr, blle-cold in its depths, was that of a ghostly offspring, now atu rost, bhut porhnl agrrin to spring forth andi devastate, as did its parent, at mouse future time no cholera. And still in ignoranco of the rdangorn round, hero temred the population; the muny win down were lit tip by the dim-burning candles; and vwhen, siak, faint, rnnd sinting from tihe fiul odouro of the pince, tbeo plollo called another spirit to their aid--a opirit that filled them with a ghanttly nrirth, flushed pale and eallow ohooks, gave eyes unnatural bright nores, while lips grow favore rd nd racked, the hot breath foul and unwholesome; and some it maddened, somo filled with a diaboli cal rago, which drove therm to fight and tear those around. Others ngain eannk in a ter rible lothlrigy upon floor, stair, or pave; and in nall it wa tIhe deadly spirit gnawing rat their vitarrln, and whispering-" more, more !" till, wonelonod and prepared, the ghtrt name and struck them down, ready for the " doooent borrin'." It was oany to got within the ghost's in fluneco; but though, after a wild struggle, some ornapod, it was not with impunity, flir the deadly donron over chasod thrnem when they fled to puror part(, and then in its nmalien at loning a victim ntrutul l down those around ore it roturnred to the grating i Slrughtor conrt. And where in 3Blaughrter-oourtt? PRepeated again, and ngnin, and tgain, in our greoat citieo; where rnnry it ghost of thie grating ltlrkl; now nhrinking within its lair, now dartinrg out to nprord donolation ; thin deadly onemny of manr, Ibit r pirit to be laitd-to be onbatiled nuecrsnfurlly, and Ibonton lIak stop by topl-na cronsuring fire that we can rnrother out, or tonftine within liunits; but over ad again we boat rback the detmon, or cmrotlihr tie firo onroelsly, wheni it loape forth Itmaddonetd bIy itr choeloek. fairtughttotr orti I rurghter-courtl whore mn in rrttio in (Trr'n orwn irnago bhlurna and diollioen tlht irmgoe-whoro thie children that ar, born neoom wantirng in thIe bllion' noftoted linonrmourtu, n if itnooeoneoo had hirrin trlaken away rand left thie foarturori hardt ar anguhgrr. 81rghtltr-orrt! whI eloro trhe nights nsin daily rhould mlrake ovor anrgola WoOl,. Negloot, pioverty, irirrey, vies, diisorino, all favor firor, fannod by the winge if thie giht from thi {gratintg 