THEATRE ROYAL. On Monday night the company at the Royal gave their first change of performance since the new star season began, when they produced another of what are understood to be "Nell's" special dramas. The article introduced to the notice of the Adelaide publio on this occasion out-Herods Herod. We were hopeful enough to imagine that the height of absurdity could no further go than what was reached in the plot and incident of "No Name;" but that play, with all its manifest incongruities, is legitimate drama when placed in comparison with "The Little Detective." A greater piece of wild absurdity was surely never placed on any stage, even were that stage the platform of a Richardson's show booth. Truly American audiences must have capacious swallows if they can for one moment be induced to believe that such ridiculous productions as these are anything like English life, or indeed the manners and customs of any civilized society under heaven. It may be urged that this class of drama is hashed up with the sole object of displaying the special acquirements of some star, and in certain instances it may be excusable that the plot of the play shall be of the flimsiest so that it bring out these strong points in a natural manner. The stories of some of our best modern writers of light literature are mere threads woven lightly together, with the intention of enabling the author to moralise in his own particular way, or to give vent to some of his bright fancies or particular ideas. But there ia a certain point at which this sort of thing must stop, or it becomes stupid, and that point has been left far behind in the concoction of these extraordinary new Transpacific productions. We shall not attempt to criticise "The Little Detective," but by placing a few of its leading incidents before them readers can form for themselves an opinion of its merits. An English baronet, no less, is at Baden Baden, or some other German watering-place, with his two daughters. The elder, Una, is sought in marriage by a scoundrel of the most full-flavoured description (Barry Mallinson), who has a wife actually living with her mother in the same hoteL The wife, 8tella, is bound by an oath not to reveal the connection between them. Florence Langton, tbe Baronet's younger daughter, suspects Mallinson, and disguises herself as an Irish servant with the Caledonian name of Jane; and then— it is to be supposed by her own intuition, for she apparently discovers nothing by her masquerading— she tells Mallinson in presence of her father and sister that Stella is his wife; but on that injured individual, who is terrified by her husband, saying "No," and fainting, Sir Gervase states that he is "perfectly satisfied;" but Miss Florence informs the audience that she is not. Mr. Mallinson has been guilty of the harmless eccentricity of Bank robbery before he left England, for which a detective, Mr. Roderick Tracey, comes over to Germany, not as one would naturally suppose to arrest the robber, but to "compound the felony," by demanding the return of the money at the risk of apprehension. Amongst the aristocratic acquaintances of the Baronet's family are two swindlers— Mr. Rockaway, carefully got up to represent to the life a Whitechapel costermonger, and a German with a New York vocabulary named Stuyvesant. These two worthies are arrested by the accommodating detective for larceny from the person, the plunder is discovered in their possession, and they are overheard to oonfess their misdeeds; yet immediately afterwards they are found at liberty, and on their statement the detective is himself arrested and removed from their way. Florence has now assumed another disguise and appears as Mrs. Gammage — a poor imitation of Sairey Gamp — and prevents Stella from giving up her jewels to her rascally husband. Mallinson then inveigles his wife late at night to a lonely boat-house on a lake, whither he is soon followed by the Baronet's elder daughter, who calmly waits inside the boathouse whilst he goes outside, and after a desperate struggle murders his wife and throws her body into the lake. He then returns to the young lady, who is quite satisfied with his assurance that all is as it should be, till she sees blood upon his hand, whereupon she faints and he proceeds to take her on shore, but is met by the apparition of his wife, to whom, by the way, the ghost business must have been a very new sensation, seeing that she was hardly dead. Soon afterwards the three rogues — Mallinson, Stuyvesant, and Rockaway— are found in London, as is also the detective, who is still on the trail, but who with incredible guilessness is hoodwinked by a fourth member of the fraternity, and placed in a cellar to be drowned by the rising tide. However Florence, who, after the manner of English baronets' daughters, has now assumed a disguise in which she depicts the very edifying character of a fast young man in a state of intoxication, meets the worthies, and allows herself to be taken by them to their haunt, where, after learning their secrets, she goes to sleep in a curtained bed, and on the rascals discovering that they have been deceived and that she is in league with the detective, she emerges from the bed in the dfisguise of a German girl in somewhat the same manner as Mrs. Case used to come out of her Protean Cabinet. The owners of the room at once believe her statement that the young man has escaped, especially when she shows them that a door communicates with the back of the bed, of which trifling circumstance they were previously unaware. A love scene ensues between her and the young German swindler, in which with pleasant inconsistency, though both are supposed to be natives of Hamburg, they speak to each other in broken English. A well-sung duet in this scene is, however, the only redeeming feature in the piece. The others return, and a scene equal in buffoonery to the wildest pantomime ensues, in which all escape from two policemen in South Australian uniform by means of a window. Florence, whose hands have been tied and who is led at the end of a rope by one man, loosens the cord, and places it round the leg of the table, whilst be gesticulates from the lattice. We next have a regular pantomime "rally" by the members of the force, who then arrest a small boy. The height of improbability cannot further go than the latter part. Madam Ritzdorf, Stella's mother, who though she was on the spot at the time does not know of her daughter's death, shelters her guilty son-in-law, but learning from the detective of his guilt she delivers him up to justice. Mallinson then tells the detective that he is his long-lost son, whereupon that acute legal functionary gives him his purse and tells him to escape. This he is about to do when he is confronted by the Baronet's elder daughter, to whom at one time he was to have been married. She believing him to be the murderer of his wife proceeds to arrest him by fainting in his arms, and is carried by him into his mother-in-law's house as a hostage. Tho inevitable soldiers with their carbines now come up, together with the whole of the dramatis personae, and Mallinson appears at a low balcony with Una in his arms, and tells them to fire at him through her. She, however, diverts his attention by the transparent stratagem of telling him to "look there," and then retreats inside. Mr. Tracey, the smart detective who has just accepted another and equally reliable statement that Mallinson is not his son, now gives the order to fire, and the villain falls to the stage riddled with bullets. The play was relieved by some fair scenery, and we must do the performers the justice to say that they exerted themselves to the utmost in the very impracticable and improbable parts they had to play. If they were not so effective as could be wished the fault did not lie on their shoulders. The following was the cast: — Florence Langton, daughter of Sir Gervase, with more than her share of natural curiosity; Jane Ann O'Holohan, from the west of Ireland; Mrs. Gammage, an ancient nurse; Harry Racket, a fast young man; Christiana Krautzeurasen, from Germany — Nell. Ludovic Stuyvesant, a German sharper and swindler, Mr. George Giddens; Roderick Tracey, Mr. J. H. Rainford; Sir Gervase Langton, Mr. J. Hasker; Barry Mallinson, Mr. J. H. Martin; Phoebus Rockaway, Mr. Frank Towers; Dr. Bourdon, Mr. G. P. Carey; Stephen Hardcliffe, Mr. Chas. O'Brien; Dozey, Mr. J. Dunn; Nap, Mr. T. Reading; Snooze, Mr. Goodwin; Madame Ritzdorf, Mrs. Wooldridge; Stella, Miss Blanche Grey; Una, Miss Nita Gerald. Having said all that we have about this extraordinary drama— for such it presumably is, though at times one is disposed to think it harlequinade or grotesque ballet— we are bound to add that the bulk of the audience were not only satisfied, but were positively delighted with it and laughed and cheered uproariously. Comment is needless, but one feels inclined to believe that there is really something in the cry anent the decay of all true dramatic taste. THE ADELAIDE NEWS. — We have received from tbe publishers, Messrs. Frearson & Brother, tbe latest issue of this illustrated paper. Chief among the pictures of local interest are a moderately well executed portrait of Mr. J. P. Boucaut, M.P., and sundry views of Port Wake field; while the remainder of the woodcut? include several interesting sketches illustrative of various operations at Messrs. Mort k Co. 'a. meat-preserving wcrka in New South Wales, an enchanting camp scene in Gippsland , a ropre sectation of the attack on the officers and crew of H.M.S.S. Barraoouta at Samoa, acd a fine picture showing the long room in the new Mel bourne Custom-House. National Hymn fob South Africa.— The Natal Mercury in one of it3 critiques of Madame Anna Bishop's concerts has the following re specting a National Hymn for South Africa:— ' The words and musio, which were written by Mr. Lascelles, were struck up with great ulat. This anthem had been looked forward to with much curiosity, and Mr, Lascelles's ability to produce one which was really werthy of being called the National Anthem of South Africa, had for some days previous been discussed in various circles. The music, though simple, is very sweet, and is written in F. It ha3 a very martial Etraln, and the weird-like rendering of the passages ia Kafir are particularly impressive and applicable to a South African hymn. It was enthusiastically received by the audience, and vociferously encored, mingled with shouts of ' Bravo Lascellea,' wha was called to the front on completion of its being given the second time. We have seldom seen an audience more enthu siastic than on this occasion, and the musio is generally admired. Tha folio iring aro the words: — Heaven in thy bounteous mercy send ua Thy blessings o'er this favour'd land; Imploring wo ask Thee to befriend us— Oar hope Is in Thy all-protecting hand. Let one and all, from east and west proclaim, Let north and south witn heart and voice declaim, Peace, Goodwill, and Prosperity— O'er the land of our adoption— let oar motto be. Loud let tho voice and clarion ring, Praises to the Eternal Ring Kori yami, Kosi, Praises to the Eternal King. We understand that it is Mr. Lascalles's intention to get the musio published.' 