Flotsam and Jetsam. Morals of Abou Ben Adhem. THE SHADOWY NATURE OF FAME. BY P. V. NASBY. ABOU BEN ADHEM was called upon one morning in the last moon by a young man of nineteen, who had walked all the way from Su[?]sex County to consult him. Abou was not in the humor to shed wisdom, for he had been disappointed. He had been trying the experiment of transmuting metals, hoping to arrive at the secret of manufacturing gold. He had the required ingredients in the oruoible, he had repeated the magic formula, and at the critical moment, when the star Xermes was entering the remote apex of the sublunar constellation Capsicum, he had dropped into the teething metals the required ounce of virgin gold. For the sake of effect he hod used for this purpose the head of a cane, which had been pre sented t* him by a certain corporation for his services in lobbying through the Legislature a most Tillianous fraud in which it was interested. He could have used other gold, but he thought the effect would be better to use this. He wanted to see a picture of himself in the illus trated papers, breaking off this gold head, with an account of how he had spent all his means to carry on the experiments, until finally, just at the threshold of success, he had to have an ounce of gald. Where was he to get it ? Ha! There was the cane! True, it was a valued ' memento, but, in the interest of science, it must go I That was his idea. To .his surprise the result was not gold, and he wondered at it till he investigated.. Then he discovered that the head of that cane was nothing but Milton gold, and that the whole ffolr had been bought at a dollar store. Then did Abou inveigh against the frauds and decep tions of a wicked world. Abou looked up and saw the young man, and knew his errand at once. He had a broad, white forehead, a turn-over collar, and wore his hair long in ringlets. ; " Well," said the magician, with an unusual degree of acerbity, "what wouldst thou with me?" . ' "Ifighty Abou," replied the youth, prostrat ing himself three times, "my name is Jamas Parkinson Peters, My ficst business is to offer, as a tribute to your genius—winch is only equalled by your goodness—this package of the distilled product df the New Jersey orchard." i Aibou unrolled it, smelled it, and remarking to Kmself,''Apple,jtek f "s»id,- r • •;, " L accept it in the spirit in which it is tendered, Dear to the heart of the sage are the words of approval of young men of taste ; dearer is the distilled juice of the apple—when if is old and mellow. But what else dost come for! What says Hafiz, the Seer of Sangamon County ? 'He who comes full-handed expects to go away fuller-handed.' Be modest in your asking, young man, lest'l repent me of- taking your nectar. Drive on your cart, gentle youth." " Mighty Abou* tell me, ah! tell me, is there any such thing as winning a name that will echo down the ages f ' ' ; '•Echo down the what■?" "Down the.ages, which is to, say, isthtrt such a thing as imperishable fame ?" M Young man, I understand you. You hanker for immortality ; you would have the name of J. Parkinson Peters remembered to the end of lime, as it were. Is that the desire that is con turning youf' . . "Mighty Abou, it is." " J. Parkinson Peters, a more asinine thought never entered an idiot's head ; but we all have it at some period of our respective lives. I know of but on* our* for it, and this fortunately I have about my person. Here, J. P. P., is a brick. That brick is from Egypt and is only perhaps five thousand years oldL You see those characters ? You can't read them—l can. That brick has on it a record of the kings of the old Memphian monarchy which preceded the Ptolemies. Those Memphian monarch* were no small potatoes. In the art of scooping other nrtiMsW they were equalled by few and excelled by -aotie. Their names filled the world in their day, and every monarch of them died supposing his name would go echoing down the ages. Now, you are a young man of ordinary intelli gence. Well did you ever hear of Wunpare? He was the first of them. Mo ! Well, he had armies, and generals, and commissaries, and wad actually a great king. He gave battle to Toopare and was beaten. Toopare was in turn beaten by Threece, who was ignominiously routed by Strate, who succumbed in turn to Phlush, who was beaten by Acephull, who held on a little while, laying out Forephlush and Threjax, only to meet his doom at the hands of Foreuvakind, who in turn was made a cold corpse by Stratephlush, "Now, my young friend, the great Strate phlush, being the best of them all, was sure of bit immortality, and he really believed that future ages would celebrate his deeds in prose and verse ; and the egregious ass built a pyramid or two to perpetuate his name. " Where now, O idiot! is Stratephlush and his memory ? A few sages like myself, who know all things, know the name, but no more ; and only such of us as can decipher cuneiform writing. Practically, the great conqueror Strate phlush is no more known than is the tailor who made the breeches in which he went forth to do buttle. He made history, and what ia it? A line in a dull book, and a brick! Even we sages cannot come at the time of his reign into a thousand years. He lived, fought, ruled, and died. He went to death with philanthropists, tailors, dentiste, lightning-rod men, reformers, life-insurance agents, missionaries, cabinet officers, prostitutes, explorers, advertising agents, preachers, auctioneers, and lecturers. The cold waters of oblivion cover them aIL Stratephlush is no more remembered than is the Ben Butler of his Congress, and neither of them are any better known than are the people they swindled. The skull of Stratephlush and that of his shoe maker cannot to-day be distinguished. We thought we had Stratephlush's skull, but it turned out afterward that it was a woman's skull, which was determined by the filling in tht tetth, Imagine the feelings of the ghost of Stratephlnsh when he saw the savant wor shipping a woman's Bkull supposing it to be his • "As it was with the ancients, bo will it be with the moderns. The Brobinding nag of to-day will be the Lilliputian of the next century. Ido not suppose that even my name will live forever. "My son, all this that you are hankering after is a delusion and snare; but life is not barren for all that. I believe there is a future (as everybody does), for the reason that I hold this life to be altogether too short to reward me for my virtues, and that an eternity is not too long to punish my enemies. I make this life of use in getting up my moral muscle. lam in training in this world to make as respectable a ghost as possible in the next. But I am not going for fame to any extent, nor do I care about being noted. I leave that for showmen and patent medicine men. I indulge in no visions of monuments and vanities of that nature. I wouldn't give a brass sequin for all the stone that could be piled up to com memorate my virtues. If a grateful people want to build a monument for me, after I am gone, let them come to me now, and say so, and I will discount the cost of it twenty-five per cent for cash in hand. I can use the the shekels now : after I am gone they will never do me a particle of good. The statue will not be like me, and if it is I shall not have the ability to thank them. "Go home, young man, go home. Go about your legitimate vocation, whatever it may be, and stick by it Live right along, take all the comfort you can, be as happy as possible, and when you die, count it as certain that, so far as this world is concerned, you have died all over. Go and be happy !" And Abou dismissed him, and resumed his experiments.. 