THERESE BOITEAU. By MARA. [The exclusive right oi publication of this talc has been purchased by the proprietors of the Sydney Mail.] Chapter XVI. ' 8 trail ge things come up to look at us, the mon eters of the deep.' Still following the fortunes and doings of the good ship Atlas and some of her passengers in whom we are con cerned, and on board of whioh vessel we know that Eldon has encountered one whom he believed to - be dead, and another whom he would gladly pitch over that ship's good sides down amongst the following— for ever, ever vigilantly following-^sharks, and watch him dragged,' to even that so terrible a fete, we are better prepared to meet the black boarded and black-hearted Rene, now that we know some of bisnecrets. A lovely, clear, starlight night in the southern tropics ; the sea a calmly- neaving expanse or smooth water, scarcely disturbed even oy the mod clipper ship Atlas, although her sails are spread to catch the light and all but dying wind. ' ' Harry, what makes yon so morose, almost savage, in your manner, lately, even to me ?' asks Leslie of his friend, as they lean together over the bulwarks of the clipper, whose wings have been so cruelly clipped, or at least ren dered useless. ' Don't ask me questions, petite, yet awhile, for savage is just about my condition of mina at present : if I oonld only pitch that infernal old Rene in there, ana watch the eooumuel's fat, oily carcase slowly and certainly sinking down, down amongst the dead men, and watch those bright and countless millions of forming eddies of light around and about him, as his foul throat became choked by their hospitable welcome of him, the savage would be neatly tamed in me, slightly paradoxical though ft sounds,' spake ifildon in a quiet bnt agitated voice. 'And does this kindly feeling extend itself to the fur Madame Rene \ It struck me that , in your walk with her the other morning, when her villainous husband appointed you her cavalier, she looked as though Bhe could have served you in a similarly friendly manner to that you desire to accord to her husband. Confound it, what a nuisance all this mystery is ; what with your secret marriage with that —with Therese Boiteau, ana now all this fencing with Jean Rene sad the pale Madame, you're just about as pleasant company as the ghost in ' Hamlet,' or — but here comes black-faced Rene, to increase your happiness. 'Bon soir, Messieurs; terrible dull work this — n'est cepas Why it was gayer life at the old pension, Eldon, eh ? we could enliven ourselves there by dramatic-like dreams ; and even have our own little private murders, and our amours — ah, ah ! — love and revenge, all under one roof — ma foi ! Oh, but the old pension was not so bad as this dull life, surely ; especially for one young gallant, with his nightly rendezvous with the pretty brunette in the charm ing boudoir. Ah '. mon ami ! you see 1 know the little secrete, eh — and, ma foi yes, some of the big ones too.' ' Charlie, old fellow,' says Eldon in English, ' leave me with this scoundrel for awhile ; I must talk with him alone, and fathom his villainy, if possible, before 1 am tempted to lay hands on him.' 'All right; but I shall watchto see that you do not come to grief in that dangerous undertaking.' Monsieur Rene, let us sit here awhile, for I want to talk seriously with you.' ' With great pleasure, mon ami ! ' ' Jean Rene, 1 am not your friend, nor you mine ; and if you utter any more impertinences in my hearing about Muddle. Boiteau, I shall be compelled to teach you manners in a rough fashion.' ' Gently — softly, my good Eldon ; we are not savages — you and I — but members of great civilized nations, re member, and have learned the value of soft words, eh r — and, look, although you will not have me for friend, I am, and will be, your best friend; for con I not tear the film from Your young eyes, and show you our mutually admired Therese as she is r* Ah! yes, mon garoon, as sue is; and that will make you regret the trust and love you have given her, and save you much ? ' 'Rene tell me, if you dare, how is it that Annette de Renaud/or Madame Rene rather, contrived to circulate the report that she was dead ; and to : escape from the danger which you — if you indeed be her husband — must know threatened herr' 'Annette dead! Ah, ah; I see— my clever little Therese; ma foi ! but that, then, is what confounded you so at meet ing with Madame. La belle Therese persuaded you that Annette was dead ; my good young friend, all that is but qneihbii of the great quay of Res wfcich that most wicked demoiselle has deceived yen with. Bah! don't try to frighten me with your tug looks; but listen. I wUJ tell you j s Huething which concerns you far mere to know than any thing about Madame; for instance, mon garoon, that aa accomplice to a murder is regarded by the stem law as al most equal in guilt to the murderer ; and that, when you helped la belle Therese to conceal the evidence of her guilt, and of the crime which revenge— her revenge, which bent M. Arnold to eternity with three stabs in his heart; and when you concealed in your dress that little handker chief of your chere Therese, and which I saw you secrete on that morning in Arnold's room ? ' 'Yon saw me!' ' Mais oui, chere Eldon; certainly 1 shall swear, when the time comes, that I saw you.' . ' But you know then, also, that the handkerchief was net Therese's !' ' I know that it was none other than hers, and you also knew it when yon concealed it.' 'I — I — certainly at first thought so ; but afterwards I saw the initials of Annette de Renaad upon it.' ' Certainly, sans doute, did you ! and have I not paid my tribute of admiration to the brilliant genius of your partner in crime — your adored little Therese, the cast-ofi mistress, parbleu! of ? ?' ' By heaven, I will choke you, Rene, if you say another such word ! ' and Eldon's strong hand is closed vicelike upon the Frenchman's arm. ' M. Eldon, in my hand I hold a most exquisite little pistol, carefully loaded, and if you do not loosen your grasp, or if you threaten me again, parbleu ! it is almost certain I nbaii kill you. Ah, come ! ihnt is right, and now listen again, for 1 want you to live— ah, ah— for you shall be my best friend yet, and do great things in the future for me, brave Eldon. See, you have heard me tell y«u all your own secrets; now hear some of Therese Boiteau's. After she had so cleverly changed the initials upon the handker chief which you so gallantly restored to her, as you know, she then successfully threw suspicion upon Annette do Renaud, who, but for me— ah, ah, la pauvre demoiselle must have been arrested.' » ' I swear I know no such thing.' '* Perhaps, but not I can believe it ; and would you hear why Therese murdered her lover Arnold i Because he had wronged, deceived, ruined her, and deserted her and her child.' . . , . ' Fiend ! but yon shall render bitter reckoning, ere long, too ; egd when she whom you thus traduce shall ? ' ' Pshaw ! you forget I have but to hold up this finger, gargon, and you, and la belle, too, are in a felon's cell ; and, would your being there suit my purposes, there should you soon be. Come, mon ami who is to be, let us commence our friendship, or, by heaven ! Eldon, your fate wilt be a most unpleasant one. But I have my revenge to gain, gargon ; and if la belle Therese has been a traitor to you, as your words wonld show, if they be .true, help me_ to avenge my cause against her, &n;£ between us we will bring the false heart to sorrow. Where is she ? Leslie tells me in London ; whilst I believed she was already in Australia, and tl*t there I should find her.' ' Jean Rene, even though ThereBe be all that your vile tongue dared to accuse her of being, and were your fwer a milhonfold stronger than you say it is, defy you utterly ; and rest assured that, if ever you dare speak a word to me again until the time comes when I shall bring you to the reward which you have earned, I will strangle your vile breath from your body, though you had fifty pistols at your hand and Eidou turned in anger and passion from the smooth- tongued, smiling rascal who has been thus turning his heart and brain. ' Ah, gmnd Dieu ! bnt it is splendid to hear the young cock crow so bravely, and all the time to know that £ have but to raise a finger and twist his brave neck. Oh ! but it was exquisite to watch his rage and heat when I told him of the amours of his little love-bird. Sacra bleu ! but I wish Therese were but here ; I wish 1 could know if it is truth that she and her lover have, la petite diable ! been living that, life of love which ehe threatened in her letter. But, ah! no; the stupid garqon is too honourable and too inno cent — ah! ah! — to play that game unless he mamed her. Ma foi ! but yes ; is it possible that Therese— Therese Rene — has gulled her boy-love into marriage ? Oh ! but she would — she would. Sacre, ma femme 1 but I pray we shall soon meet and commence our long-deferred happiness.' The night is upon the waters as Rene's close-set eyes are looking at the glimmering sheet of liquid gold in which the rolling, creaking ship seems to be lazily and wantonly bathing onthiswarmtropicalnight; and ever and anonarapid meteor like track of fire seems to cleave its way through the dark water, as a shark rushes past, or around the ship ; as though ; to notify to the watchful eyes of the now almost solitary occupant of the ship'B deck that there are other watchful 1 eyes, and eager man-hunters too, evenin these deep waters, who silently and pcrssveringly look rohnd and follow on the trail of their hoped-for victims ; and the lesson of patient waiting is not, perhaps, thrown away upon the scheming M. Rene. ' Yes, braveand faithful followers,' he mutters, 'even as ye have learned that the merest and most unlooked for accident oft places a victim suddenly in your power, though for many days ye may follow and watch in vain, so do I comfort my betrayed heart — jour loving husband's heart, ma Therese. And I shall get my little reward if 1 but writ and watch— eh. good sharks ; is it not so i But, mon Dieu, what is this! This, Monsieur Rene, is a ship on fire; your own ship, good Rene; and to ali appearance; ere many hours are gone of this hot, sultry night, your late audience and examples of your supreme virtue — natienoe — will indeed be well rewarded for constant ana patient attendance upon the good dipper ship, now fast becoming the hopeless prey of that greatest of all terrors, fire at sea. Not now . does the soft- worded tongue of the Frenchman utter its taunting, sneering mockery of words ; for a new and all-dominant feeling has mastery over the low animal mind of him so lately in communion with the hungry sharks; his .sole thought and aim is, how soonest and most surely to save the valued life of Jean Panl Rene, let who else will perish. Midst the dread bustle and stir and the hurrying to and fro of sailors and passengers to stay the cruel ana lightning like progress of the flames, M. Rene is seen not until the moment when one of the boats is safely got got out and lowered, and women and children are being handed down into it; Captain Roy having, unwillingly enough, admitted that the hope of saving the Atlas is a vain one ; and that all that remains now to essay is the safe launching of the ship's boats, and the placing therein of the some hundred souls committed to his charge. The women's boat, the largest and safest of those of the burning ship, is still alongside; and the weeping women and frightened children, and the sailors told off to man it, more rban suffice to fill it; but at the moment that Captain Roy bids the officer in charge to slack Off, a bustling, burly form leaps down the companion and into the boat, before a hand can prevent him, and nearly capsizes the al ready crowded craft. « Ah, ma femme, ma chere Annette ! they shall not part ns ! ' cries out the fear-stricken Jean Bene, as he scrambles into the boat and clutches a thwart firmly with his hands. 'Hand that ? Frenchman out of the women's boat,' roars ont Captain Roy from the deck of the burning ship. 'Come out of that, Munseer,' says a Jack-tar, and he tries to pull the Frenchman from his position. 'Sacre bleu! touch me not, or I will shoot you,' says Joan Rene, speaking in English for the first time since he became a passenger on board the Atlas ; and at the same time he presents a pistol at the sailor. 'Curse the cowardly ruffian, let him stop rather than endanger the boat by *a scuffle; and now quick, lads, and drop clear, and wait for the other boats to come to j'ou,' says Captain Roy. ' The poor French lady is not in this boat— the wife of this beast here,' screams out some woman's voice, as the boat leaves the side of the ship. ' Oh, captain, she must he burning in her cabin.' , . 'And that ? coward actually ? All right, ladies, we'll find the Frenchman's wife, and bring her with us.' Almost at the moment of speaking Eldon's voice, says 'Here she is, Captain Roy', I found her in a swoon in her cabin, and brought her up here. Let her go in the next boat.' ' Good fellow ! by — — , I'll warm that French beggar's hide for him by-and-b\\-e. Now, lads, hurry along, but coolly, and mind 'what you're doing; we've boats enough to save' all hands, if we don't get in a funk, like that ? Frenchman. And now see and get down all the provisions feat we possibly can into the dingy, and-; — ' I ' Aye, aye, sir.' And though ibe ship is rapidly becoming ? ! a n'' of fire between decks, from stem to stern nearly — thanks to Captain Roy's coolness and courage, aided by his officers and the passengers, and also, in no email degree, by. the all but dead calm which prevails— the rest of the boats are safely got down and freighted with provisions, and the rest of the passengers and crew of the ill-fated Atlas. And Captain Roy's is the last foot to leave the ship's aide— nor much too soon either, for the Atlas carried a quantity of coarse mining powder aa part of the cargo; and ere the last of the boats is a score of lengths or so away from the bum- - ing ship, a huge explosion scatters mosses of burning timber and cordage high into the air and around the spot where the burning hum suddenly disappeus into the deep, to cause considerable joy to those patient friends of Jean, lteue's, until they discover that not jetare any of the Atlas's ? live freight delivered to their wide-mouthed hospitality. 13ut Captain Roy trembles as he thinks of the over crowded boats; a hundred souls in five small _ crafts, in . addition to their, alas! but small stock of provisions; but, sailor like, he is deeply imbued with the feeling of never ? saying die; and thankful for the mercies vouchsafed, under so great of peril, off having been enabled so far to save the lives of all those entrusted to him, he hopefully trusts to Providence for still further mercies. The clear and still air of the night, and the bright star light, has. enabled the boats to keep close together; and. now as day breaks, and the great hot-looking sun seems to rise from his sea bath, and commences to bestow bis too ardent warmth upon the unsheltered occupants of the Atlas's boats, Captain Roy endeavours to make matters safe for alt by a redistribution of their cargoes— living and inanimate. *A careful computation of their stock of provi sions and water is made, and thecaptain'B face is not ex pressive of content. With the greatest economy from the very beginning, he thinks they may possibly be made to eke out for a fortnight, bj* which lime, he says, he hopes to be very close indeed to the African coast — should they not, in the'meantime, have had the still better fortune to fall in. with Borne ship. 'And if bad weather should come on, Captain Roy!' asks a poor anxious mother, with a baby at her breast. ' My dear Madam, then we must trust to God anjl he muttered to himself, 'for out gunwales don't look like weathering much.' ' So, now, gentlemen passengers and men of the Atlas— first, let me thank you all for the admirable manner in which you seconded my efforts for onr general welfare — all, that is to say, excepting that infernal frog-eating Monster. Here, you sir, show your ugly black face there; and, before we proceed to business, let every man who has any weapon — pistol, knife, or whatnot — hand it over to me, here ; come, hand up that pistol yon made ao free with, Munseer, or yon'll get something from this .tool you won't care about;' and. pulling alongside the lifeboat, Captain Roy presented a revolver at Jean Rene. ' Je ne comprend pas — that is to say ? ' 'Ah, none of your parley- vooing ; you can Speak English fast enough when you re in a funk, you know. Oome_, hand up that pistol, you cowardly lubber;' and, noticing that Captain Roy looks in earnest, Rene, moBt unwillingly, pro duces, and hands to him, a neatly finished and useful little pocket revolver, fitted with a spring dagger. 'That's all right, Munseer; and a ? wicked little tool it is, too, for an honest man to carry; and now, you scoundrel, come out of the women's boat , there into. - -this,, and let your poor little wife here, whom you left to be burned, take your place.' An indignant chorus of 'brute! coward! beast!' and other feminine expressions of disgust, greet the scowling Frenchman as he rises from his seat. ' Mais, good Captain Roy, I did think my dear wife there was already in zis boat, or I would never have deserted her. I would have died with her.' ' Shut up your lying mouth there, and the ladies shall know by-ana-hy how you served j-our wife, you villain. Come in here quick ;' and then to one of the officers in his } own boat, ' Snoot that creature like a dog, if he doesn't lie at the bottom of the boat as still as a mouse.' ' Aye, aye, sir,' is the hearty response. Aral then Captain Roy busieB himself in arranging fee boats for the terrible voyage which is before them. 'But for Eldon, poor Annette, nde Renaud, would, assuredly have rewarded the vigilance of one of those watery monsters when the Atlas finally went down. Just before the time that the lifeboat with the women was so nearly swamped bj' Rene's cowardly descent into it, Eldon was watching the crowded boat from the ship's deck, and sud denly exclaimed to Charlie Lcslier— ' By Heaven, lad ! Madame Rdne isn't in the boat and forthwith he rushed away below into the burning cabin ; and, regardless of the advance of 'the flames already in pos session of the farthest end of the saloon, he made his way to the cabin oooupied by the Benes, and, finding the door fastened, he knocked and called loudly, but received no answer. In an instant the door was burst in, and none too soon; for, on the sleeping berth, and still in her night clothes, was the insensible form of the poor Annette, whilst the cabin was filled with stifling smoke. Eldon snatched up the girl s insensible body and the coverlet iof the bed, and wrapped her quickly in it, ere he sought to regain the cabin stairway ; but, too late, for a mass of flame surrounds it. Happily, he .recolleoted the skylight above the saloon table ; and, quick as 'he can do it, he clambers on to the latter, and succeeds in attracting the attention of some one on deck, and he is assisted to bring the rescued Annette to safety, and in time to hear Captain Roy's anxious remark when Annette's absence from the women's boat was discovered by one of its occupants. ' Thank God, dear oldHarry,youare safe ; are yon burnt, dear fellow? I tried to follow you below, but the fire was too fierce by the time I got to the stairs, and I never thought of the skylight.' 'All right, lad; only a few burns on my hands and feet.' YeR, but for Eldon, Annette's earthly, troubles and trials would have been over ; for, in M. Rene's intense anxiety to save certain valuables and papers, and, above all, his own moat preciouB life, he was utterly careless of what became of his unhappy companion, Annette ; and 'having secured all he could safely stop to obtain, he bade her 'dress and hurry np on deck if she would be saved, and setherthe example by rushing off franticaUy. Annette, half bewildered as thus her sleep was disturbed, as she now began to realize that the ship was on fire, and fast being deserted by its human occupants, and, aB Rene's cruel, selfish, and cowardly words and actions recalled her senses, rose quickly from her bed, and in an instant secured - fee cabin door, ana then, falling upon her knees, she prayed to heaven to receive her erring and weary spirit, and lay calmly down to await death's most welcome .coming Why,, why should she live, deserted by him who had robbed her of honour and all chance of earthly happiness — thrown by a cruel fate face to face with another of her implacable foes, the base young Eldon— why should she raise hand or foot to save so wretched a life ? But her time is not yet, and her preserver is he whom she thus believes is her most bitter foe. The flames are gaining rapidly between decks ; the stifling smoke steals into her bosom, and into her tortured brain, and, murmuring ' Oh ! Dieu forgive me, and oh! my Frederick, my beloved one, here— here, I am thine!' she lay insensible; and thus, a moment later, her preserver found her. The boats keep well together, and for a week of anxious expectancy the oars are doing good service, the weather, luckily, continuing warm and calm — luckily in respect of1 those low gunwales which troubled Captain Roy's mind; bnt not as regards the intense thirst which the sun's hot, pitiless rays are provoking in the boat's occupants ; and the - small stock of water is running short, and great are the suf ferings of the poor women and children. At last, on the tenth day of their prolonged misery, there is but one email breaker containing but some five gallons of water left ; and this last most precious vessel of the elixir vita isin Captain Roy's boat, and jealously guarded. And now their suffer ings are indeed at their 'height : poor mothers are denying themselves the mere morsels of food and few1 drops of water which ilone are left, for the sake of, giving their babes the chance of a few hours more of existence. Some have_ in fante at their breasts — tiny creatures, utterly dependent upon the blessed maternal fonts for sustenance — and the mothers of such are fast becoming maddened and desperate as they watch the vain efforts of the tiny brings to obtain their accustomed nourishment ; and one poor babe is fast succumbing to death's advances, as it wails piteously and weakly for the means of life. Captain Roy's boat is close to that of the women, ard the frantic mother of the dying babe exclaims, ' Oh ! Captain, ' ? dear ? Captain Boy, don't — don't let my baby die. Give iue \- a little water.'. ?' My dear lady, the rest of the water — Oh, God ! that it ia so little— shall be kept for those in your boat, and for your children; the men, have sworn to. touch no drop of it: but I do not think me unfeeling that I do not sacrifice others, perhaps, by giving one among you more than another.' ' Give it to the poor babe, Captain Roy ; 1 will give up my share to try. to save the pom* infant's life,' says one poor starved woman. 'Thank God, I have no child de pendent upon me, and I care not how soon my misery is . closed by death.' 'Good' creature!' says Captain Roy; 'end so, dear lady, here, take; this for the poor babe and he leans forward to pass the small tin vessel, holding a few spoonfuls of water, to the other -boat. , But another eager hand has clutched the cup, and in a second its priceless contents are down the parched throat of . Jean Rene ; in the next moment the greedy robber of the dying child is knocked down almost senseless by Captain Roy's once ppwarful fist, and the enraged captain exclaims, 'You ? lubber, I've a mind to throw you overboard, you lump of cowardly ugliness, to take that which men who have toiled like slaves and are dying with parched throats would scorn to take from a poor dying babe. Ugh! you brute,' and Captain Roy'sfbot spurns the prostrate french man. | ' Tie his hands, or the* villain will be up to more mis chief.' * ' The poor babe must net suffer for that wretch ; give it my 6hare of the water,' says another woman from the boat ; and ' God bless you, my dear !' utters the mother ; and the look of pleasure which crosses the tiny face of the little one, thus rescued for a little longer from the horrid .sharks still so persistently following the boats, is a glorious 'reward for the heroism displayed by its saviours. Two more eternal days and nights crawl on — days of intense heat and calm ; nights of seemingly endless dark ness; the last biscuit— aye, even the- last atom of food — is -consumed ; and but one poor pint of water remains. As _vet, death has not snatched a victim, nor Rene's ugly friends of the deep waters been yet rewarded ; but women are lying helplessly prostrated : babes panting for breath, and too weak to do more than moan; whilst men, once as strong as giants, are sittingor crouching, huddled up, in the last stage of weakness, and with the demon of famine beginning to stare wildly from their sunken eyes. The brave Captain Roy and a few of the strongest men contrive to keep the boats in their course, and that is all. 11 Well, gentlemen,' he says, 'either that little cloud but now rising yonder will bring wind and some sail in view before the sun goes down, or we shall soon be at the end of our earthly troubles; but oae other chance is left to us to prolong existence, and I will now tell you what I propose ; but, first, let. us got all the boats together, so that my plan may be considered by all;' and when this is effected, he savs— ?' My dear friends and fellew-sufferers, with one miserable exception,' and his scornful finger points at Rene, ' ye have indeed supported our fearful trials bravely and mb'y ; the men like Englishmeh and sailors, and the ladies like angels— God bless them ! . Still, our worst trials are before us; for, as you know, our last morsel of foodtis gone, and the water exhausted ; and unless, as I hope and trust to the Great Ruler of all may bo the case, we meet some ship and ..are lucky enough to Jbe seen and rescued, I am compelled to say death must soon end our troubles. Now I do not believe in the practice which has often prevailed amongst shipwrecked persons, of casting lots to see who shall die to save the lives of the others ; for that seems, to my mind, but murder, and murder of the worst kind ; but I do think it justifiable, if any of such a company should by his deeds or conduct have deserved the punishment of deach, then that he should certainly meet his reward, and that his comrades would be justified in saving their lives by eating his body if so inclined. You understand me, I see, M. Rene. What say you friends r' ' Yes, yes,' call out several weak voices, especially Eldon and Leslie, who understand Captain Roy's intentions, and who contrive to sign to some of those in the other boats to assent to his proposals. 'Well, then, how say you, ladies and gentlemen, has not this man,' pointing to white- faced Rene, ' has he not for his mutinous, cowardly, brutal, and wicked conduct, both to his wife, whom ho left to be burnd to death — ' ' Non, lion, good capital no.' ' Silence, prisoner ! — both for his conduct to her, and for endangering all your lives by jumping into your crowded boat, and, lastly and mostly, for robbing the poor little baby there — Groans and murmurs of disgust. ' Has he not deserved to die ? All ye who so think hold up your 'hands.' And every hand but that of poor Annette— bewildered and not understanding what is going on — is held, up. ' Yes, yes ; let him die to save our lives.' ' Prisoner, Jean Rene, you have heard, so prepare your self to die ; and the Court will permit you to choose whether you will die by the bullet or the knife. And see, Munseer, in either case you shall die by your own pretty little weapon.' And Captain Boy produces Jean Rene's pistol with the dagger to it. 'Oh! but, ? Captain Roy, and dear ladies and gentlemen ; Annette, ma plus chore, speak for me ; this is murdaire m cold blood.' And tears start to Rene's cheeks. ' And if tho little babe had died when you robbed it, villain; or hud all the ladies been drowned when you jumped into the boat ; or if your poor wife had been burned to death when you deserted her, would that not have been murder?' says Captain Roy; 'but silence, and hurry your devotions. Munseer, for you* can do more good by dying than ever vou havo done by living.' Eldon has said a few words in French to Annette, who merely buries her face in her hands, and takes no heed of Bene,' though he imploringly calls upon her to save him. Captain Roy threatens to gag him if he does not cease speaking, and bids him use the next half-hour in making his peace with Heaven. ' Oh, bnt chere Eldon, speak for me. List, I will tell you much about Arnold's murder ? ' ''Silence, vile rnontter,' says Eldon; 'I rejoice at your fate, and will enjoy life at the expense of yours.' And then, as Bene is thus forced to contemplate the coming of death— of that death which has ever to him seemed so small a matter to hurry another mortal into ; and the terrors whereof never, by any possibility, seemed to become near to or to uneaten Jean Rene himself, in his cogitations ; death, the eternal and final — that most natural and matter of course thing, to happen to everyone olse in the world, but which so rarely seems to he any matter of personal concern to ouwclves — horrible death, with all the added terrors of a guilty conscience, to torture the victim doomed to its speedy approach ; and who, perhaps, whilst doubting every thing, believing nothing, fears all that may await the closing Of this earthly portal called life— so does the small soul of the craven Bene quail in its abject horror and dread at his impending fate. . ' Chere Annette, hear, I swear I will marry you — speak for me,' in French he screams almost. 'Don't trouble your poor, dying wife, prisoner, or on goes the gag.' ' Oh, Dieu ! ayez pitie de rnoi,' groans the wretched Bene. ' Ah, that's the proper tune to sing, Munseer ; and, if I am not mistaken, never had mortal, dying sinner greater need to pray for forgiveness,' savs Captain Roy. The half hour slipped on, and Captain Roy began to think it time to end the severe lesson which he trusted he had administered to his abject prisoner, by exercising, on account of his poor wife, the great prerogative of pardon, when, listen ! what says the weak voice of a shipmate in ?one of the other boats, some short distance ahead of Boy's boat? 'Sail! sail! A sail, Captain Roy! — — ' And in an instant a flood of new life seems poured into the prostrate and starving occupants of the boats, as they ?eagerly scan the horizon to verify the assertion of their com panion in suffering. Yes — thanks to the Almighty providence in which Cap tain Roy so reverently bade them place their confidence ; thanks to the Great Creator, who has on numberless other occasions of equal dire necessity vouchsafed his saving .grace towards those seemingly doomed to be engulfed in eome dread depths of despair and hopelessness— our friends die deeply-laden and but fragile boats are saved ; sod the tiefit shares will have to be satisfied with the one poor wee babe whose life was already so nearly spent when Rene's throat received the precious water bis ? craven hand stole from it; for even at the instant when the joyous cry breaks out from Captain Roy's lips, ' Thank God, we are saved!' the tiny little sufferer's trials are at an end, and its last I flickering breath gasped out on its poor mother's sobbing breast. Chapter XVII. 'Safe bind, eafc find.' Most fortunately for our shipwrecked friends, the ' sail ' proved to be a ship which, thanks to the wind which fol lowed that little cloud which shot up from the horizon so hopefully on this the lasl. morning of their trials, was bear ing straight down upon their course, and ere two honrswere passed since the poor baby died the remainder of the Atlas's helpless crew and passengers were safely aboard the good ship Water Sprite, bound for Melbourne, and surrounded by the most tender and sympathising friends and helpers. Ere they reached the sides of the rescuing ship, Captain Roy addressed Jean Rene— '1 trust, Monsieur, your future life will be influenced for the better by the narrow escape you have had from being killed and eaten.' But the malicious gleam which shoots from those close-set eyes, now that their owner feels safe once more, could Captain Roy but have seen it, would not have reassured him upon this point; and a look of vindict.vc hatred is on Rene's face as he regards Eldon and the all-but-dead Annette de Renaud. ? Amongst the passengers of the Water Sprite were many kindly hearts, and not a few individuals possessed of well tilled pockets ; and, as time made it clear to some of the more philanthropic of them that their good Samaritonism would be very incomplete if some substantial aid were not rendered to such of their salvaged fellow -creatures who Had lost not only their whole possessions, clothing as wel as money, a goodly sum was soon collected, and judiciously and lovingly apportioned amongst the shipwrecked - people ; of whom none, except Jean Rene, had saved more than the clothes they had upon them. That worthy is, however, known to nave a well-filled money belt safely strapped1 round his waist, and to him none of the largesse is awarded. Aftei a week of the kindly attention' which is showered upon the rescued Atlas people, all are fast regaining health, and even their spirits, as the well-favoured Water Sprite dashes ou through the waters with every white sail filled ; and the hope of a speedy termination to their voyage is in dulged in. Poor. Annette de Renaud, or Rene, as she is still supposed by her fellow-passengers to be, is sitting in the sunshine on the deck ; and near her is the poor mother of the dead babe, to whom Annette had freely yielded np her small share of the most precious water in these dread days in the boats. ' Madame Rene, although it is not pleasant to remember . that dreadful night of the fire on board our own ship, and from which we have all suffered so terribly, yet I cannot resist the desire to ask you a question, if you will allow me, s i that 1 may be able to. contradict a story which is going about on board the Water Sprite, Some of our passengers have it that one of the sailors rescued you from the burning cabin, after your husband had left you — after — I mean — dear ? ' ' Ah ! dear lady, do not shame me by referring to that. It was not a sailor who thought it worth wkile to save my wretched life ; but as I have, after much difficulty, learned frem Mr. Leslie, it was— Mr. Eldon, who thus rescued me;' and Annette's face is scarlet now. and her lips tremble, as she remembers the obligation she lies under to him whom she has for so long past regarded as being one of her implacable foes. ' I hope, dear Madame Rene, yon will not think me im pertinent in asking you this ; but I was sure it was he whom I saw from the boat bring yonr senseless form to the ship's side, just after Monsieur Rene had jumped in. And now, dear, I will confide to you a little secret and in a lower tone Annette's companion imparts some information which the pale victim of Jean Rene's roguery is evidently much interested in. On the same evening there is an almost total absence of ladies in the ship's saloon, nearly all of them having with drawn to the small cabin specially set apart aa a ladies' saloon on the spacious Water Sprite's mid-deck ; and the fair throng have evidently met together for tome more serious purpose than mere gossip, or feminine interchange of mys teries of little import. ' Well, dear Mrs. Scudamore,' says a handsome old lady with silvery hair, 'have you found out the truth for us from the poor pale Frencn lady ?' 'Yes, Mrs. D'Arville, I have; and, although Madame Rene has had difficulty in learning the truth through the unwillingness of our gallant young friend that his deeds should be talked about, yet there is no doubt whatever but that Mr. Eldon saved tho* poor lady from a shocking death ; and Captain Roy, when I pressed bim on the subject, ad- ' mitted so too, 'and spoke in the highest terms of Mr. Kldon's courage, and of his modesty in seeking to avoid all reference to it.' A chorus of remarks, not very noisy, but most flattering to Harry Eldon. could he but have heard them escape from the lips of the assembled ladies ; and Mrs. D'Arville, the wife of an Australian Judge re turning from a visit to England, says — ' Good! brave fellow, I thought there was a noble heart behind that quiet maimer of his ; and now, ladies, let us discuss our project.' The Water Sprite seems to bid defiance alike to light winds, squallB, stiff breezes, and gales, half or whole ones ; for on she goes merrily— now with several reefs in her many sails, and an ugly stem-chasing sea trying i s hardest to overtake the impudent Sprite thus laughing at its vain efforts, as she keeps well in advance of any such unpleasant visitors as a big sea rushing through her comfortable sal ions; and anon flying along with every stitch of canvas set, and sky-scrapers, looking indeed as though they sought to sweep the cobwebs out of the sky, and save the old lady of our nursery rhymes that most arduous, and scarcely ladylike, occupation. And so, from out the sky almost., one bright fine No vember morning a voice is heard from the maintop, and ' Land, oh!' are its good tidings ; and soon afterwards the sharp-eyed watchman fingers u golden sovereign for the good news, the troth of which is shortly afterwatds verified, even from the deck of the Water Sprite, and the captain announces that Portland Say is in sight, and that next day will see them in Port Phillip Bay, if the wind but holds. Notwithstanding the excitement which manifests itself in the breasts of all, whether they be old Australians returning to their land of adoption or birth, or whether they be of the 'raw new chum' dare, to suggestively, if not elegantly dubbed ; to all on board the floating home of so many souls for so long a time, and especially, perhaps, to those who, like the ill-fated Atlas's passengers, have, indeed, gone forth upon the great waters and beheld the vastness thereof, and suffered the fearful miseries of the ship wrecked — to all alike who have crossed the vast ocean, which so aptly and almost uniquely conveys to the mind some semblance of the vastness of the great eternity of time, to which wo are all so rapidly hurrying — to all, does this last night of a long sea voyage, the eve of the breaking up, probably for ever, of pleasant friendships formed, or of those not less pleasing^ hours of agreeable intercourse of beings never again destined, perhaps, to cross each other's path — to all such, this last night naturally carries with it a feeling of sadness and melancholy. In the present -case, as we know, a stronger bond of goodwill and fellowship exists amongst the Water Sprite's passengers, the bond of grateful love for help rendered in most awful time of need , and of the happiness which is theirs whose good fortune it was to be the means of render ing such signal success. The captain of the Water Sprite is at the head of the long table in the saloon, and around him are gathered, at his invitation, the whole of the passengers, and as many of the ship's officers as can be spared from their duties. A pretty fair-haired Tasmanian lady has just left her sera at the piano, and the sweet words of Moore's exquisite song, ' Oft in the stilly night,' have bat just censed to sound in the ears of those who have had the good fortune to hear the sweet-voiccd girl, and who now takes her seat beside Mrs. D'Arville, who is sitting near the captain. ' Ladies and Gentleman, — My dear friend a and fellow passengers, and you, my brother seamen, both of. the poor Atlas and the luckier Water Sprite — whilst thanking God for our safe passage from Hie old country, and for die good » lack which sent us in time to be useful to our dear friends in these boats— I will, before we separate, convey a piece of information to you all which I am certain will mease yon to hear, as much aa it does me to impart it ? We, of the rough sex, are mightily in the habit of almost reproach ing the dear fair sex with being incapable of -keeping a secret ; that, especially where their hearts are touched, they are .actually unable to restrain themselves, but must' run away to the next and nearest dear-thing-in-petticoats, to share the all-important secret, whose keeping is as irritat ing to them as money is in the pocket of a spendthrift, or the want of grog to a sailor ? ' Cries of ' Shame, Captain Fitzsimons,' from many silvery laughing voices. ' Hear mc, dear ladies ; I say that jt is the unjust re proach. too often indulged in by us conceited masculine creatures, and I shall now show, by an instance, how unjust it sometimes is. Captain Roy, and you my dear friends of the Atlas, on myowa behalf, and on behalf of these dear ladies here, and on behalf of every true heart on board this ship, I congratulate you for having had amongst yon, not only the brave men and women who so nobly suffered, and so unselfishly sought to alleviate each other's sufferings during your great trials, but also that in particular you counted in your number a man who, secretly and noiselessly, performed a noble and courage ius deed— a deed fraught with extreme peril to himself, and of actual loss ; the latter of small consideration, I know, his- noble nature ; and whereby he saved the lito of a lady-passenger, who must otherwise have miserably perished in the flames which destroyed the Atlas. No, Mr. Eldon, the ladies have kept your secret as long as they intend to ; and you must now bear the punishment tbey think you merit — the punishment of ' having your valour mode known. There stands the xuon I spoke of ; and a devilish fine fellow he looks, too ; and I'm proud to know him ; and, Mr. Eldon, your own lady fellowpassen gers, and those on board the 'Water Sprite, wish me to request your acceptance of this their, 'the ladies' own,' little gift, to testify to you their pleasure and admiration of your conduct;' and Captain Fitzsimons handed to Eldon a particularly handsome and valuable diamond ring ; and he added, ' We men must only add our admiration of your pluck, and the quiet way of showing it, Mr. Eldon ; for the ladies forbade our contributing to what they determined should be strictly their own gitt to you.' ' Hear, hear,' in vigorous echoes from all, and the flourishing of daintily-laced handkerchiefs in many fair hands. Only the evil and close- set eyes of M. Rene are looking other than kindly at Eldon, as he has to acknowledge the ladies' gift. 'Ladies, — dear ladies — and Captain Fitzsimons, and every one : It's too late now to say now much rather I would not have listened to all you have so kindly said; and since you have chosen to place so high a value upon, my poor deed, and to confer upon ine so handsome and gratifying a proof of your good opinion, I will only say, dear lady donors of this sparkling ring, bright as your own kind eyes ? ' ' Hear, hear,' from the men. ' That I would rather face a dozen burning Atlases, and be half roasted to death, than havo to be standing up like this, making a goose of myself, in trying to convey thanks worthily. I did nothing but what any man would have done ; and, whilst thanking you, dear ladies, with all my heart, I pray ye may never again be called upon to take part in or witness such trouble as we of the poor Atlas were so happily rescued from by the good Water Sprite.' Jeau Rene feels very hdt and uncomfortable, and dreading to hear his own cowardly conduct reviewed ; but his poor ?wife's presence has sealed the lips of those who wouldlike to have spoken out; so the craven approaches Eldon, and extends a hand to him, and says— ' Will Mr. Eldon permit me also to thank him for his noble conduct ? ' But Eldon holds up his hand and commands him to silence, and stifled murmurs of reproach break from the lips of the passengers, and Rene leaves the saloon. ' That ring, Mr. Eldon,' whispers a fellow-passenger presently into his ear, ' is one which 1 was taking out to Melbourne as a present from a very rich gold miner to his new wife ; hut I'll put him off, and I daresay bv this time, now that he has been married about a year, his warmth has toned down, and ha'll not be sorry to back out of so costly a present— ah, ah ; but, anyhow, I couldn'tresist obliging your fair admirers, and I can assure you it's a magnificent diamond.' ' I am sure you're very kind ; but I sincerely hope I shall never come across the d'sappointed digger's wife, if she ever finds out your betrayal of your friend's trust.' Landed ou the following day in Melbourne, Eldon and Leslie are soon rather strongly impressed with the idea that, so far as that city ia concerned, they might as well.be in the great maze of London itself as regards the matter of fortune hunting and making ; and amongst the vague notions which they had formed before leaving England of the kind of place to which they were coming assuredly they never dreamed of finding in Australia a city like Melbourne, wherein they would see repeated so many of the familiar scenes and things which they had left so far behind them ' in old England. Crowded, bustling streets of here large, handsome, and well-built shops and buildings; lounging hangers-on on Providence at the street-corners; eager, pushing business men, as devotedly bending their backs at Mammon's shrine as any of the great god's devotees at that older and larger of his shrines, London, the ancient and smoky; here a row of ill-built rough timber dwellings and shingle roofs remnant of the happy pastoral days before the yellow demon, or god, whiclie'er be his right title — gold — set men's minds mad almost, and brought over hundreds of thousands of eager seekers of rapidly-tnade fortunes; too many of whom, alas ! reached no other fortune than that of dying in the closely crowded tents of Canvastown, or in the quickly growing Melbourne's cily streets— streets no whirmore hos pitable to starving men than streets of any other city — look where you would, all is hurry, bustle, and work; teams starting away along the embryo streets of Melbourne's future well-paved, and well-built handsome thoroughfares, but now rough, 'dusty,and ill-looking enough; but even in thoFe early days of the new diggings' life, whicb is such a mad rush, streets chockfull of wealth and of the seeds of prosperity which are to make it the handsomest city of Australia ere a dozen years more shall be passed. j' Harry, the heat here must surety be as great as it is in India, I should think; and yet, instead of deserted streets and every one shut up in cool houses, fanned more coolly to slumber by a nigger, or drinking lovely drinkB made by some fair slave, look at our frantic ooontrymen rushing about as actively and eagerly in the red-hot sunshine as though they were in some of cold old London's dark streets ; and the place, too, looks as though it needed a precious lot of money, Hany, to live in it.' ' Yes,' I must confess my surprise, and, to tell the truth, it a little staggers me, lad ; for, so far as £ can make it out, you and I have a neat little job cut out for us, Charlie, before we drop across that splendid fortune which of course, as every one thinks in England when they're leaving it, lies waiting all 'ready for one en arrival in this land of gold, and neatly done up ready to be shipped back home with the lucky finder. But you're a good hand, . Charlie, at fore casting events by dreams, you know ; so suppose you set your Bleeping brains to work to-night, and get a hint or two for our guidance. Three weeks in Melbourne have made a hole in our small purse ; and we mustn't let the money we will obtain, if need be, on the ring slip through our lingers.' ' But you know, old fellow, we promised Mrs. D'Arville and some of the other of our fellow -passengers to call upon them ; and they all promised to help us.' ' Yes ; but until — until, Charlie, I have cleared up this unhappy business ? Ah ! I forget how little you know of it all ; but it is not fair that your prospects should bo in jured or hampered by my misdeeds or mistakes, lad ; and so you shall call upon some of these people and ? ' ' Not unless you do ; we're chums, remember, through thick and thin, 'Harry. All I bargain for is that, so far as you can do it without betraying the secrets of others, you will confide your troubles to me. I'm eighteen now, yon know, and not a mere thoughtless lad.' ' Well, Charlie, for myself, then, until the arrival of the Boiteaus and of Therese — my wife, you know— in Australia, I can do nothing towards clearing up the horrid mystery which surrounds the death of poor Arnold and other subse quent events. Y'ou already know as much of Jean Rene's : vile accusations as I do ; and knowing that Therese, wil fully or not, I cannot yet determine, deoeivedme about Annette's death, you can well believe the torturebrnHnxF * under which I labour, and must labour, until shs' Whom I.-, have married arrives here, and I can bring that scoundrelly Bene to hook.' ? . * i, ' What did Annette say ? Bore she really intend to stav f with that beast?' . ' ' Poor girl! yes. I can hardly understand her inten tions ; but I think her spirit has been roused, and that she' ? will remain with Rene — who, I believe, married her in - Paris— for the purpose of revenging herself for the wrongs he has done her. Her eyes had more life and determine- 1 tion in them last night when I saw her, at the small : ' cafe which Rene has opened, than I ever saw there before; and since the time of the fire on the Atlas the poor creature seems to have gained confidence in me; and she declares that she now feels sure that 1 am not. nor have been; her enemy, but that we have been miserable dupes to Therese ?' and to Jean Rene: at any rate, the unhappy girl is evidently sincere in her new-born trust in me, and I could scarcely raise her from her knees as she thanked 'me for rescuing her, the silly thing; and we have -entered into & solemn compact to help each other in this matter, ana if I am away from Melbourne she will communicate with me. She declares that Rene is as much interested in the arrival of the Boiteaus as 1 am, and is for ever laughing to him self, and muttering about Therese.' ' Ah, it's a sweet little business altogether, Harry. I wish old Boiteau and his school had been swallowed up by an earthquake before ever we saw it, for it's a capital start in life for a couple of youngsters to be mixed up in a. murder, a secret marriage, and heaven only knows what besides, upon my word ! But, now, what about our opera tions ? Do you really mean you will not go to any one who might help us to do something, and that you are game for a. trip to the diggings i' ' Yes,. Charlie, that's about the best thing for us : look, we can get a pretty good sum, I'm sure, advanced by some respectable man upon this ring ; and, situated as we are, not the ' dear ladies' themselves who gave it to me would, I fancy, blame me for parting for a short while, we will hope, with their gift We must do something to live, lad.' ' All right, then ; let's go in here ; there's & pleasant looking old white-haired gentleman, who looks as though h& could act fairly and decently ; and I dare say, old feflow, we 6hall he able to pick up a bit of the rough-looking yel low stuff like this in his window, before long, who knows ? raw 'new chums,' though they call us qver here.' The gray-haired owner of the gold-buying establishment, who hod inspired their confidence, proved to be worthy of it. For he not only effects their wishes in respect of the advance of a sum of money upon the ring, but he is able to give them a good deal of useful information respecting the dif ferent gold-fields opened. As he returns into his shop after a few minutes' absence down the street, he says, ' My friend will advance you £70 ou the ring, and it will be safe too, for he is a respectable man. And now about your trip to the diggings : the best way to reach Madman's Creek diggings is to coach it as far as you can, and then you'll find plenty of people to lay you on to the shortest way to this new rush ; that's where this lot came from, and Bplendid gold it is too. Yes, that little lot is about twelve hundred pounds' worjh, and 1 hope you'll soon come back and bring me a few thousand pounds* worth of the same stuff to buy from you.' And thus does the ladies' gift part company with its re cipient ; and, before the glittering, sparkling rays which flash from the beautiful gem into Eldon's now young eyes shall again cast their brilliant sparkle o'er his vision, those eyes shall ofttimes and vainly have longed for the rest await ing so surely, and yet sometimes seemingly so far off, all earthly mortals; and the now high-bounding blood and pride of his youth shall be succeeded by years of weary pilgrimage and toil before Eldon again beholds the glittering token of his gallantry. Months passed on, and Eldon and Leslie have merged from the new-chum digger phase of comfortable tent, pack horse, and heaps of tools and fixings of different kinds, to make themselves comfortable in their new diggings' life, and already have they wandered ever many a wide area of bosh as they followed first one rush and then another; and, alas! with the one result always — a duffer claim; or, at the best, one which gave them but the hare means of subsistence. Their money derived from the proposed tempor ary parting with the ring is gone long since; for prices ruled high on the diggings, and, feeling sure .of soon get ting in for a share of the good luck which is going about among so many of their fellow-workera on the fields, per haps our two' friends were none too wise in their rate of expenditure ; and now these experienced followers of their trade are diggers 'de rigeur:' moleskins, stout boots, jumper, and horse-collar swag; pannikin, billy, and pick ; and mostly a gum-tree's shade for a resting place, or & rough uiia-mia for a dwelling. And in all those months not a letter or a line from Annette, or living soul, has EldoU received; and all the miseries of their hud life are intensified by the late preying worry and remorse which are tormenting him as he thinks, and thinks, for ever and aye, — for he. cannot drive the phantoms away, — of that past crime, and of Jean Rene and Therese. The quondam diggers are once more in the neighbour hood of their first diggings — the Madzrfan's Creek; and, with but small hope of finding any letter awaiting him,, Eldon still determines to inquire at the township post- oliice, and, if no letter be there, then he and Leslie will tramp down to Melbourne, and seek for some clue to the silence. But Eldon receives two letters from the postmaster, and both in women's handwriting; his heart gives a bound' as he recognizes that of ThereBe, and he hastily tears her letter open and reads — „ ' Mon plus cher Mnri, my good, devoted, and bien aim-: Henrj'i — Could I bnt have' guessed that you would ever have met Jean Rene and— and — Annette, I would, cherie, have spared yon that little visit to the grim old church with me, even though I had never then held your- brave and trusting heart to mine; bnt, beloved Henry, yon can never now know all that impelled me to deceive you as I have done — yes, as I have done. I promised my poor bruised heart t hat, if I could but bind yon to me ere we parted, that when we should meet again in this great and distant Aus tralia, you and I might begin a life of happiness and love together. I blindly defied the fate which seems so all powerful, and which decrees that those who have sinned shall suffer, and their lives be blighted ; yes, darling Henry, though you are my husband, never again can these arms embrace you, for now that youjmow what that villain Rene has told you, you must loathe and abhor the un happy, guilty Therese; but I shall cross your path, no more, nor will it be of any use that you seek to find me, or to unravel that miserable secret which involved the death of M. Arnold. I am leaving this country, almost at the moment that I have entered it ; for I have seen Jeau Rene and Annette, and, though they know it not in a few hours I shall be on my way to a far distant land, where it is my trust that I may be able to escape the consequences of my guilt, and to support and bring up my poor little innocent Marie— dead Arnold's child. Though this letter must leave you convinced of my guiltiness, yet am I not so guilty aa he, Rene, would make you believe — but fare well, cherie, and may your future life have in it happiness which shall efface the misery I have caused it, — le votre fond and loving Thekese.' Bldon's second letter proves to be but a few hastily scrawled lines, signed by Annette,£and written and posted at some inland town of Victoria, a couple of hundred miles away: in her letter she tells him that Rene and she have left Melbourne; that they hare seen Therese, who dis appeared as suddenly as she came to Melbourne; that Rene was wild with rage, that he has ill-treated her, Annette ; and that now she is being hurried away into the far-away bush, she knows not where, with him; but that she holds to her determination, and believes yet to be able to bring her hated husband — if such he be — to retribution, and that she will write as soon as it may be pohsflfle to ' \ Eldon. - 1 r- And so, despite that union of two human beings in the old London church, the man and wife sworn to. cherish* to love, honour, and obey, with earthly goods to endow, and to j cleave together for ever and ever as one fledfe—daepite the . .- t bondage which Therese hoped she thus imposed upon her i faithful lover, despite those fewmonthB of happiness whieh woe here, and which she accepted as but the eahtestof V future years of bliss in new scenes, separated for even from those, to her, grim and guilt-haunted onOs they will tou re- behind— yes, Theme, despite of thy Delilah-like toils j cast , f upon thy Samson, behold, thy arts are vain all, sHtty ' - schemes for future happiness have perished. ?? ,t ?? ?* ' . ? - ? ? ; , . '-'H Chapthi XVIIL — Ox the Tua.il. ^ From-the^ time when Eldon received those two letters ?rom the Madman's Creek postmaster, and learned that, *-J his wife's own admission, die was guilty of he scarcely ?new of what extent of crime, and that the black-bearded Jean Bens had not spoken all untruth in those mocking fipeechee cJ his aboard the Atlas — that not only did she, his vdfq, admit the guiltiness of deception towards him, but dn&t; die Stood in fair of Jean Bene, and had hurried away tBjemote places to avoid both him and the husband she badwronged 1 not only all this, but that she, Tlierese, was ?dually the mother of a child whose father was that Arnold murdered at the old school in France — when all d$is became at last clear to his understanding, and that all tmpC of bringing to the daylight of justice that now more than ever terrible crime, and its perpetrators, must be abandoned — Eldon's heart sank within him, and the cafrking monarch of misdeeds— remorse — held him in his mnreletiting grasp, and spared him not during all those years which followed of weary pilgrimage throughout the Vcngth and breadth of Victoria's gold-fields and lands. l;No two diggers ever worked harder, or followed the commands of the despot, King Gold, more faithfully than did. our two -friends ; and, as time wore on, and year fol ?®*pd 3®®i ftatchie and Co. were well known on the wanous 'Bush oh'e!' -which were developed: but, by some unhappy deetinywhieh seemed to be about Them, never, in «l those years, did the two friends drop in for a slice of '?nig Golds royal favour. Hundreds, are, even thousands, their fellow- Workers . on the diggings had they Men fauinfi«med fna few weeks— days, sometimes — into men of large wealth, through the charmed aid of some ' golden hole,' 'jeweller's shop,' or 'pot;' yet, they two could -carol jr 4s snare ithan exist. And the longer the time of their non-suocess became, the greater also seemed te be the infatuation which possessed the two diggers, and which caused them to adhere to the Life they had followed so long; and which, whilst it ever al lured them on with ^ and large reward, also farther and farther separated them from the power of taking up any less attractive— but perhaps more safe and easy— path in life. Eight years of (heir life were thus spent ; and in that rime our two friends have traversed prettv nearly all the Australian diggings, and 'noemore tbey are in Victoria, and 1 in one of itsmost rugged andlea-t known district--, prospect I ing in the vicinity of a small gold-field latelv opened, 'l'hev j have hopes of being rewarded this tim- but, alas, their I moans are desperately low, and, for weeks past, Eldon and I his friend have been reduced to nearly as short rations as | they had on that memorable time in the Atlas's boats. | '? Charlie, old fellow, we must try two strings to our bow I before it s too late altogether ; look here, we neverbottom ; this place properly before our tucker will be all gone. Now, i I m tougher than vou. and so to-night I shall make tracks for Melbonrne : it s only a hundred and fifty miles away. 1 and 1 can do it in a week or so easily, even lfj'l ?don't get a lift on the road. I feel pretty sure J those letters from old England will be there now ; and if | they have the money in them, why, I must be there to ? get it ; so you'll just atop on here with the tucker, all but a I little bit to start me on the way, for there s plenty of travel- I lers and places where they won't let a po-jr digger sta ve old man: and I'll be back — coach it — ina jiffey,and bring fresh - supplies.' And to Melbourne tramps the well-accustomed pedestrian, Eldon, and at once proceeds to the post-office. ' Have vou any letters for Henry Eldon ; letters from Bnglafiifl {?'*' ' Not any more, sir ; there's been no mail in since I gave you those two days ago.' *? I have only this minute come to Melbourne, and eot no letters from you two days ago.*' ''Henry Eldon,' you say : Yes, that's right; see, here is your signature, or, at least, now I look at you, nol your signature ; for the person who asked for and received the loiters, two money letters, was darker even than you ; dressed not as a digger, sir. like you, but like a Melbourne limn ; sec, here is his signature — ? Henry Eldon.' ' Yes, there, sure enough, is his own name, bat written in a vastly different hand formed his. u Were those two letters, do you remember, addressed in i a ladv's writing ; and were they from London j ?' Tes, they were both fr iii ladies, and they bore the . Bavswater post-mark. I well remember that, because they | had been lying here some time, and being registered letters I I noticed them several times.' I ' Bow is it that you could give letters of importance like ! those to any person asking for them | ' My dear sir, the dark gentleman who obtained them j told me where the letters were expected from, and even the names of the ladies —his sisters he 6aid — Miss Ellen and Miss Mary Eldon, residing in Bavswater, London; so | cou^d I dream they were not his letters, and especially when j he signed his name as you see 'r' i Great as is Eldon's mortification, he has to admit the j justice of this; but he obtains full information from the, otbrial about the appearance of the person who obtained the letters, and at once- Becks the assistance of the police to in vestigate the matter. The description {riven by the clerk raises a strong sus picion in Eldon's mind that the robber is none other than ni K ancient enemy, Jean Bene, of whose whereabouts he has heard nothing, nor of Annette, since that hurried note she wrote eight years or so ago. A detective is told off to ferret out the matter, and, greatly to Eldon's satisfaction, that officer at once says, when ho - has heard the verbal portraiture of the Frenchman given — ' Jean Rene's the man, I'll be sworn 1' 'Well; but is he in Melbourne I have heard or seen nothing of him for right years.' tS, ''ViOM ' Yes, sir : he's here fast enough— that is, he's here, off and on ; him and a pal of his, Jacques Boiteau.' 'Jacques Boiteau! ' ' Knc.w him too, sir r Bad lot ; but come, we'll take the clerk up to the little cafe there to-night, and see if he can recognise Jean Bene or the other. I know they were in town two day6 ago.' As being the most likely rime to find Jean Rene at home, the detective takes his two visitors to the cafe at about dusk ; aud, greatly to Eldon's surprise, who can scarcely recognize Melbourne at all in its present altered and handsome appear ance. he finds it is the same cafe originally opened by Bens on his arrival in Melbourne. Eldon, black-bearded, brown-faced, black almost from the sun, and in digger dress of moleskins, felt hat, and jumper, enters the cafe and fruit-shop with the clerk. At the small - counter sits a'pale-faced faded-looking woman, once beautifu} ennneh evidently, but sad and careworn now. (- M. Bene is not at home, sir,' she says, in reply to Eldon's question ; ' he is away in the country. ' Since when, Madame Bene r' ' Since two days, Monsieur — and pardon, but I know your voice. I think ; and youreyes, although ? ' ' Yes. Annette, yon do ; I am he whom you promised to help in unmasking ? ' ' Ah, then, it is M. Eldon, my good preserver ; and wait, come in here, andlet us talk ; I have much to say to you.' 'Annette, I hive serious business, besides old eoores with Rene. 'Where is her' 'Ho has gone, M. .Eldon, to Sydney, with Jaoques Boiteau, to find Iherese.' 'Good God ! do you tell me she is there ?' « I know not ; but, listen, . and 1 will tell von much that I could not write to you, for you never wrote to me all these years.' ' I did, I assure you, write. One moment, Annette and Eldon then dismisses the detective and the clerk until the following morning ; explaining to the former that owing ti j old transactions he has a claim upon the good-will of the i pale Madame Rene, -and that he looks to gain important in formation from her now. «« Madame Rene,' he commences when presently they are alone 'Ah! M. Elden, call me net by that hated name : bring nat the hot flush or shame to my cheeks. That you— you, ,„jr preserver — should so call me, knowing, as you wmt, that it is not mine. Call me by the name which is and -was mine when I was happy, innocent, and' trusting, and bvdfre I had been wronged, degraded, and betrayed.' ' Annette, then, how is it that you are still with him, vrfcsm you know to be so vile and terrible a sooundrel Because, M. Elden, I will not lose sight of him whom yam so justly describe until I have it in my power to en iwpsnu his punishment. Think not that the vile creature hu power over me now, or that I am so base or low as to reoeive him - as other than my bated foe. No, I have gone bather and thither, wheresoever he went, for ail these years post, only that X might the more surely bring upon hiin the doom he has justly merited ; and it will be his soon, please heaven; for by his own duplicity and over- ennning he has wrought to his own rnin. And, now that yon have returned — you whom I had almost believed must be dead, so strange has your silence seemed — now we shall surely soon bring the recreant wretch to account. When, in hisdiabolical cunning, Joan Bene left me in Paris, and returned to the old town where the school was, and married Tberese Boiteau ? ' Married Therese Boiteau ! Annette, are you raving F' ' No, H. Eldon, I am sane enough ; and I tell you that he married Therese Boiteau, and that I hold the proofs of that and some other of his villainies, which, in good time, ft you shall see. When Jene Rene d-d that, he and the - equally wicked Therese, unconsciously, or, at least, un- 1 intentionally, helped their own discomfiture '? Annette, do you not know, then ? Did Therese not toll ' you when, as she wrote to me, she saw you and ltone in Melbourne, that 6he is my wife ; that 1 married her in London before leaving England ' No, M. Eldon; Therts? only scorned me, and defiantly assured me that Jean Rene had married her, and that I was but his mistress: but, after she had left, and she diil so no one knew how, Rene used to stamp aud swear, and say that Therese had married you in Lond-.n. and that he would do all sorts of desperate things whenever ho should had her and you.' 8o many things have Eldon and Annette to communicate and arrange for Jean Rene's future discomfiture, tluit their conference lasts over some hours ; and when Annette hears of Jean Rene's supposed complicity in or actual robbery (f Eldon's letters from the post- office. she is greatly disturbed in mind that Eldon should have been thus de prived of money, and at so critical a time in his fortunes ; nor will she be pacified until he has promised to accept from her some assistance. 'It is either Jean Reno, or Jacques Boiteau, who got the letters, I feel sure,' she says : 'fir I saw several Eng lish bank notes in Jean Rene's possession when he left here for Sydney.' After his interview with Annette, Eldon has a hmg con- : versation with the chief officer of the detective branch ; and ? on the same evening he starts by «-oach for the small town- ? ship which will leave him onlv some sixty miles to tramp back to where Charlie Leslie is, and whose larder, Eldon knows, must be nearly cleared out. Plodding along, and leading a paekhorse once more laden with provisions bought ar. the town where he left the coach, Eldon has also abundance of food for thought, as he reviews all that happened during his short but eventful visi' tq the capital. To-day he is on the last mile or so of the dray road which, so far, has been in his route ; but to morrow ho strikes nil through the tra klese bush t» whtre he left his comrade, deep down amongst some neigh and heavily-timbered gullies. I he day in all but spent, and he prelum* t- catap u it fur from the dr.iy-tiack. and at a small wale- hole. Whilst turning his tired horso loose, with hobbies on its feet, lildon hears a small whining noise—a bolt -snapping, half-ciy-as of some small dog I and again Rnd again he scar -lies about, and wiihin .a tew yards of the dray-track he finds, craw liog away into long dry grass, a few.'bn s-old blind puppy- a mere handtul --1 a sloeh c. -Ried/fat. miniature bull-tcrih r : a poor little motherless itod lost (luadrupcl. probably fallen out from some fussing draw or waggon, wh-reiti 'lay in' tben--w, doubtless, un happy Mother of Eldon's little y-lpilig pup, and the remaining members of her hut r-cciitly S'.-jiiicrd lit tor. ' 1' sir little beggar! actually in grief before your eyes haw been cpcivd to give v ,i a chance of seeing where joti arc: wliv didn't tour cnrelrss mod orlovk utter you la-lt-r than this '; U av, ho must hive been as unfeeling as a woc -t'i; aud I hud fit-gnu to think thai no dumb animal could be as cruel as ore sc.ue of my own dear biped fellow d-ealures : and how the mischief, little pug, I am to do another's duty by you, I don't know. I'erhnps I had better drown you at once.' 1 5 at pug evidently objects to this suggestion, and sets up a vigorous whine, as it vainly tries to obtain rcfreshment'by ; su- king at one of Eldon's muscular fingers; and tb-n. as j the li tie thirsty brute eagerly bins up some water with a ! littio flour mixed in it, which Eldon tides it with, the big , pr»;&]-ector determines to let so sensible a little pup have a i chance of life as long as it is so rationally inclined to make j the beat of circumstances ; and pug proves worthy of the j opinion of its sagacity, for it nestles snugly enough in the folds of tho new blankets whioh form part of the swag carried hy the horse, and only whines or complains when pressed by hunger : and then, until the welcome flour and water are supplied, the littio moist black snout wanders about, frantically prospecting for a drink. Arrived at their gully, and whore lonely Leslie sits out ide tbair rough hut, moping somewhat, and smoking /? — good deal, Eldon sends for»h a sturdy ooooy to annotmcP; : :_j his coming, and aoon the two friendB'are busily engaged in/.., . disciiMting a substantial meal, aud in giving and receiving 1 . , , i the news. j 7~'. j - ' No visitors here, I expect, Charlie, while I was away?'\ J'., ' By George, no ; aud if you hadn't come soon I should! ' have gone crazy from the everlasting silence, or else have made \ , a bolt of ic whilst my damper lasted ; but I tell you what, \ old fellow, I hHve d»no a power of prospecting this old gully 'v. ^ while you were away, and I believe now she'll prove only unoiher dufter ; but, 1 say, just look at that blessed inno cent pug of yours — he's walking into the bacon-fat liko winking — not bad that for a blind pup ; the little beggar's a regular nipper.' ' And Nipper shall he be christened accordingly. Nipper for Sunday wear, and ' Nip' tot every day, and you shall stand God-papa.' For tho next few weeks our replenished and strengthened prospectors stt to work vigorously but Leslie' .^prediction proved correct, and they bottomed a duffer, and then anether, and another, until th. y agreed to start for fresh pastures, or rather richer paddocks of washdirt, if such were to be found -J*ewh- re. ova— At the time when JUdon expected a communication from the detectives in Melbourne, he and Leslie proceeded to the coach town, taking with tbem their whole possessions in readiness f-T what step might be the next to be totsn Bnt the detective officer's letter once more dashes all Rldon's hopes to the ground, for it tells him that although Je«n Rene s place in Melbourne had been watched, Dothing was seen of that gentler. an, although he was kn wn to have retumpd from Sydney; and that only on the day pneeding that on which the writer wae then writing1 tnp cinftll cafe rero&ined; close all day* a®4 throughout the night, and that upon inquiry of the landlord of the premises it could only be ascertained that Jean Rene had given up tie place entirely, and, that, so tor u the detecb VEft jan at present leam, Bene most have been spirited away, for she cannot be traced. All this Eldon gathers from the letter, although of course the writer' was careful to omit using names of ♦*»- personshe referred to. . Writing In reply, and giving an address of a distant town th Gippsland, whins Bldon states be intends making for from their present resting place, he and Charles Leslie start forth once more, determined to prospect some very inac . eeseible and distant district amongst the Gippsland mountains. But it seemed as though Fate were indeed against them, and that some evil eyes were ever watching them and arraying against them nothing but a succession of weary, toilsome inarches, ending in laborious and useless searches ; shaft after shaft being sank only to prove utterly vslue'ess toil. Claim after claim on some one or other of known diggings were worked, and still the best of them but gave them the slenderest rnnns of living— Of such hard living, too, that, but for Nip's able and courageous foraging ex cursions into boles and ho'lows of trees, and his masterly way of bunting out and catching now and then an opossum or a cat, even poor Nip would have fared badly, enough. Onco I hey were delayed for months through Eldon's meeting with an aocidcnt, one of their prospecting shafts, insufficiently timbered, caving in ; and by the time he was able to be about again, things have come to a very bad pass indeed with our two friends ; as now, nearly a couple of years since that visit of KldoU'e to Melbourne, the two all but starving men and brave old Hip drag their tired limbs over some of the wildest and Toughest of the Gipps land country. They are camped for the night down in a pretty narrow valley ; none other than that which shall, ere many weeks be passed, be blazoned abroad through the land as 44 Frenchie's Rush.' 44 Charlie, dear, old, good fellow, whilst I was so bad and vou were pulling mc through that last illness, 1 suppose my head was none too right ; but I was for ever seeing those dark stern-looking eves of the murdered Arnold watch ing me; and, by heaven, dear lad, until that spirit is laid, until 1 have done my dutv, no luck will be ours, I believe.' 44 But, Harry, even though you acted wrongly in hiding what you knew ; and, if you did deserve punishment, surely eight or ten years of such life as you and I have led in this hateful, beastly old biuh, working harder than even niggers worked, And living more like animals than human creatures, and worse than most animals even; hearing, seeing, smelling, feeling— nil equally oat raged; and nothing but unpleasantness to encoun ter, moral and physical — surely these ten years should be Eome set-off. Why, I've got to envy poor Nip there, who cm catch and eat his own 'possum whenever inclined to feed. And if now, when we have come down once more to our last few pounds of flour, and when our strength is fast going, and we bid fair to leave oar valuable bones down in this or the next gully for the dingoes to fight over— if all this isn't enough to expiate even murder itself, I should make a bad j udgc ; for I say it is.' 44 And heaven knows, Charlie, bow I long to make nil the reparation in my power; but if we are never more to have as much money or gold as will purchase us a pannikin of floor, I cannot very well act as £ should wish to do.' 44 Ah, well ! never say die, Harry; remomber good old Captain Boy and our escape from the shipwreck ; and let us once more trust Him who then failed us not.'' 44 1 like the look of this place, Charlie ; and eee, Til bet you Nip to nothing that there's geld hereabouts.' And even on that next day, and when, as we have seen, life or death was the issue at stake, so did tho two pros pectors at last reap the reword of their patience ; for they found gold in abundance, and most easily worked; ana onoe more leaving Charlie at the new-found gold-field, Eldon succeeded in reaching a store some fifty miles away, and also in returning to his friend with that without which even gold, the glorious and great, is useless to man — food. And with Eldon of coarse came a troop of the first instalment of the 44 Rush, oh !' tribo which quickly set in to Frenchie's Rush. - There, also, soon grew Can vastown; and to it swarmed 6tores and storekeepers ; and one morning Eldon found to his no small surprise, and considerable agitation, that there also had corse Jean Bene, and with him was the pale Annette. Then followed that evening party at the pros pectors' tent, and of Tiny Tim's story about his visit to old 44 llainy V,' and also we know that the dog Nip gained for himself lusting fame for his share in repulsing the mur derous attack upon the two prospectors. And having thus retraced the weary path trodden by Eldon and his stanch friend Leslie during those ten years which preceded their visit to the Towers, and that journey which they have taken therefrom, to take up the newly found trail of tho so whom Eldon is so eager to bring to justice, we will rejoin them, and learn how fores their .quest. 