MISCELLANEOUS. Mr. William Milne, of Beechworth, has handed 11s a note just received from Mr. Alexander Dunn, lately of the Freemasons Arms -Hotel, Deep Creek, Stanley road, but now farming at Jingellac, on the Upper Murray, in which there is an announcement so astounding, that had it come from any less credible source, we would have been inclined to consider it a hoax. Since he arrived there from his last trip to Beech worth, a cow, which newly calved, was taken in with her calf and milked regularly, every day, for three months, wheu, in credible as it may appear, she bad another calf, and all are now doing welL This beats twins altogether, and it is to be hoped that the example is not to he followed by other than kine.—O. and M. Advertiser„ The Wilcannia correspondent of the Central Australian informs the readers of thatjouraal that a marriage has taken place in Wilcannia. Funny fellow, this corres pondent ; comical card. One would imagine the readers of the Central were to believe a marriage in Wilcannia was a perfect novelty, whereas, on reference to the mar riage registry, it would be found quite a common occurrence; in fact, Wilcannia is becoming quite notorious as a place for marrying and giving in marriage; and several nice-looking young ladies are still open to an engagment to make some young fellows happy or miserable for life.— Wilcannia Times. Differences between French and British fishermen at Newfoundland are taking a destructive shape on the part of the latter, and French machinery used in the curing of fish has been smashed and rendered worthless. English men-of-war are to be stationed permanently at St. John's. The Argus Special says:—The freight of wool from Echuea to Melbourne, 156 miles, is 32s a ton; if the Darling River line were made it would be for double the distance 60s a ton; while the river steamers would carry wool to Goolwa at one-third the amount if necessary. He is also astonished at our want of energy in not turning our advantages to account, alludes to the jealousies of City, Port, and Goolwa, censures Government support to rival schemes, and considers the object would be best attained by a safe harbor at Port Victor, or by the Goolwa Ganal, which ever a skilled engineer may consider best. That if the trade was diverts! to Port Adelaide, heavy expenditure must be in curred to accommodate it. To us, it seems as reasonable to run a rail to Port Piiie to bring down wheat, as it is to run a rail to the Murray to bring wool, when in either case it can be done cheaper by water car riage. Direct loading from river steamers to ocean ships is the thing to aim at, and the Goolwa Canal will be, we firmly be lieve, the best way to accomplish it.— Comet. Pleuro-pneumonia is raging between; Baxksted and Bungaree, Victoria. The cattle I affected can, the Star says, he pointed out, and some of them are stated to be so bad that it is shameful to let them live. The M. A. Mail states that the body of a Chinaman was found in the creek near Fryerstown, having been washed down by the flood from Spring Gully. The BaBarat Star reports that the trout bred some years ago at Ercildoun are doing well, and are occasionally seen in the lake in front of the house. Sir Samuel Wilson intends to try artificial hatching on some thing like a comprehensive scale during next season. An arrangement patented in America, and described in Livingstone Stone's excellent treatise on fish culture, for collecting' the ova from trout waters, will be made use of in obtaining the egga from the breeding waters. The Victorian revenue returns for the quarter ending March 31 amount to £1,115,535, which is an increase on the last quarter of £99,286. The total revenue for tne year was £4,331,773, being an in crease for the year of £116,284. When the first of the recent rain9 fell at Wilcannia, the local Times states that there were great rejoicings. "Some gave" vent to their joy by' shouting1 chanpagne all round. One individual was so overjoyed and excited (perhaps with a little extra P.B. as well as the rain), that he showed his fellings by walking up and down through the water lying in the street, and every now and then lying down and roll ing in it." A kid was lost at Gobur some weeks ago, and the ouner supposed it had been stolen or killed. After a lapse of three weeks it was found (states the Alexandra Times) in an open shaft still alive, but very weak. With a little cue it recovered, and is now as healthy and playful as if it had never been subject to over three weeks' starvation without a blade of grass. The Leader says the value of the gas-lime, coal tar, and sand process, so happily intro duced to the walks of our public reserves by Mr. Bichford, was demonstrated on Saturday by as severe a test as it could well be sub jected to. While the old gravel paths were scored, and much of their substance washed away by the deluge of rain which fell during the afternoon, the new walks caje un scathed out of the trying ordeal. Many gentlemen whose houses stand within their own grounds have begun to lay down the mixture, the materials of which are cheap and easy of access, and their application simplicity itself. An Inspector of the Native Police, Queensland, has been dismissed from the force, and arrested on a charge of flogging a native boy to death. It is stated that about 30 candidates will appear at the Easter examinations as teachers in connection with the Council of Education, Adelaide, for third- class certifi cates. A man named Rixon has been arrested at Maryborough, Queensland, on suspicion of having murdered his wife. At the Police court investigation, held on the 20th inst., he, says the Brisbane Telegraph, "declared that he saw the ghost of the murdered woman, who described to him the manner of her death. He says he then told the police, and hence he was arrested. The evidence is said to be very strong against him. A bench of magistrates had the unpleasant duty forced upon them lately of fciyiug a boy for writing indecent words on the walls of a schoolroom. Three of the J.P.'s were for inflicting a substantial penalty, but the fourth entered a solemn protest. " Shure an' why," he put it," should the poor child be punished for doing what he's made to do ? He never wanted to be learned how to read or write; he'd a great deal rather have grown up with out either of the accomplishments. The law of the land forced him into the schoolroom, and the master thrust writing down bis mouth till it turned his stomach. He was made to write by the State, and it's the State j that ought to be put into the dock." In spite of the eloquent protest, the boy was fined 40s and taken way.—Atticus. The GeeUmg' Advertiser reports that when \ the crowd had collected round the ruins of the Rosemary Branch Hotel, the performance of a young street arab on a rope attracted the attention of all. He had a rope stretched between two posts about sixty feet apart, and supported in the centre by a prop stuck in the ground. On this thread, for the rope was very little thicker than a common clothes-line, the boy, with a balancing pole twenty feet in length, walked across bare footed. He also walked backwards in slow and quick time, and to wind up he carried a little boy on his back, doing the orthodox slipping to frighten the spectators. As soon as he had concluded his decidedly clever performance, several sixpences were thrown to him, and with a grin on his dirty face he declared he had done well that day. It has been ascertained by the New York World thata l&ijre; trade is done in New York by certain men who furnish corpses for dissection to medical students all over the country at the very moderate rate of $25 (£5) for each subject; and that these bodies were stolen from the graves of poor persons who are buried in the humbler quarters of the cemeteries. An amusing little episode took place in the Legislative Council of Victoria on last Wednesday evening. Mr. Campbell took' advantage of the Chinese Lotteries Bill | being before, the House to express hisj annoyance at seeing, as he passed to Church i on Sunday, the Chinamen at work in their gardens. M. T. T. A'Beckett expressed a fear that perhaps these Orientals might have acquired the habit of working on Sundays from noticing the trains of the Hobson's Bay Railway, of which himself and Mr. Campbell were directors, diligently plying their trade on that day. The sub ject was not pursued further.—Argus. j The new iron schooner Moonta, the pro perty of Messrs. Drew Bros., Moonta, direct from London with a general cargo arrived on Wednesday, having been 115 days oat. Last Tuesday while R. Wearing, black smith at the Yeita Mine, was at work one of his legs was accidentally drawn between the rollers of the machinery and smashed j up to above the knee. Medical aid was un I availing, and the unfortunate man died a few hours after the accident. Between 60 and 60 camels, belonging to the Hon. Thomas Elder, with their attendant Mussulman drivers, arrived at Sliding Bock on Monday, March 27. The Register says the superintendeut of the mine agreed with the -party, in the absence of teams, for the con veyance of copper to Port Augusta, and on Tuesday morning a string of 52 of the animals, laden with about 8 tons, started for the coast. According to the Register the Comr missioner of Crown Lands, with the Deputy Surveyor-General, started, upon a visit to the North on Thursday, April 6. Mr. Play ford expected to reach Jamestown the same j night, and to be at Waukaringa on the 8th, Yarrowie on the 9th, Wonoka on the 10th, Wilpena on the 11th, Blinman on the 12th, Beltana on the 13th, Ediowie on the 14th, Kanyaka 15th, and Port Augusta on the 16th. From Port Augusta he will zigzag; through the Areas, and will probably get; back to Adelaide by the 20 th inst. j The Narracoorte Herald says that the j energy displaced by various commerical firms in already erecting storehouses for the j next clip of wool contrasts very sadly with J the apathy the Government has shown in j the construction of tlierailwayline. Messrs. Botterill and Go. have almost completed the erecting of a very capacious warehouse, whilst Messrs. Boothby and Co. and Orme i rod £~.d Co. areactively engaged in making preparations for the immediate erection of very large depots for the storage of wool and other produce. The Wellington correspondent to the Southern Argus writing on April 3 says :-r—I hear that the farmers here have returned from their Northern tramp, better satisfied with their farms and the district generally than they were before undertaking the tramp, and have come to the conclusion that there are worse places in the colony than the Wellington, district; so I suppose that the land about here will not be returned to first principles just yet. The falling prices for wool will not have the effect of raising the value of land for " sheepy" pur poses. •The Southern Argus, on the authority of its Meadows^correspondent, gives the fol lowing :—I have just heard of a kangaroo attacking two men down the Meadows. The kangaroo scratched Mr. A. Woodgate in the face and tore the coat off his back. As neither of them had any weapons the marsupial managed to escape, and they were, under the circumstances, glad to witness his departure without making any closer ac quaintance with " his boomership." On Saturday, the 1st inst., a man named Penny, in the employ of the Railway Com pany, met with a nasty accident. He was m the act of putting a piece of wood be tween the felloes of the wheel of a truck to stop it on the incline from the coal heap, when the wood, revolving with the wheel, struck him on the jaw and fractured it. He was attended by Dr. Jay, and is pro gressing as favorably as might be anticipated, but the accident was a nasty one, and seems to point a warning respecting the un doubtedly dangerous practise of thus, at tempting to stop trucks going at nearly rail road speed. To the man, besides preventing him from working, it is of course, specially inconvenient. It" stops supplies" to a very great extent, as he cannot eat, and must only take nourishment through a feedpipe, as> a baby does from a bottle.—Wallaroo Times. The vintage at Albury, the local press re ports, has commenced. At Fallon's vine yard sufficient quantities of grapes have been plucked for the manufacture of4,000gallons of champagne. The varieties plucked are the Aucarot, Pineau, and Shiraz. A large press-house, 60 by 36 feet, of lofty propor tions, has been added to the existing build ings, in which six new presses, constructed under Fallon's patent, will be placed. There are ten additional men employed now, and when the time of general vintage arrives employment will be given to thirty other hands.: The yield of the present season, it is thought, will run up to that of last year. In the Hunter liiver district the Maitland Mercury " hears from all sides that the vin tage of 1876 promises to be remarkable for the extreme high quality of the wines. Many of the oldest growers speak of it as being equal to 1858. Owing to the dry hot weather the grapes are slightly shrivelled in most vineyards, and everywhere the musts show a superabundance of natural sugar. At Oakdale Vineyard, Cote d'Or, the bulk of the crop"has been gathered in. At the Dalwood Vineyard, near Branxton, thirty one thousand gallons of fine new wine have been safely housed-; the musts being most promising, both in flavor, richness, and fragrance."—Australasain. There can be no gainsaying (says the Aus tralasian) the cruelty of the milkman's de stroying the infant population by a slow process of inanition. It won't bear defence. But it may be asked in mitigation how many heads of families say to the milk purveyor, " Give me pure milk—charge me an extra price." On the contrary, do not the majority encourage the cheapest dealer ? Here is a milkman's story in his own words:—" I am a cowkeeper in road. A rum thing happened to me the other day. A young fellow, well dressed—quite a heavy swell— came to my place and inquired in a pompous manner if 1 could serve him every morning and evening, he wished to change his milk man, because the man supplying him was so very inattentive. Savs I," leave your name and address, and I will tell my son when he comes in. He delivers the milk; not L" He gave me his name and address, at—— hill. " When my son came in I told him." " Hang his impudence," says he, " Why I have been serving him for months past and I've never yet seen the color of his money. I can't get any from him. So now, when milk's scarce, when I haven't enough for all my customers, of course I let him go short. He owes me four or five pounds now, and what a fool I would be to keep him supplied always and let people who pay go without. He's a queer one, he is." The Gawler Bunyip says:—" Some amusement was caused in Murray street on Wednesday last by a horse appearing in breeches and a hat over its ears. Round the neck was ticketed 1st prize. The animal presented a curious appearance, and some took it for the veritable bunyip itself. The police took it in charge, and after divesting it of its novel clothing, delivered it over to the Corporation Inspector. The animal had become a nuisance to the town for its grubbing propensities, and having fouud its way into some of the hotel yards and stables, the above means were .adopted I to get rid of it." : | A shocking case of unnatural brutality was disclosed at the Auckland Police Court lately. A woman was sentenced to six months' imprisonment for beating and lack ing her infant three months old, and thrusting her fingers down its throat. She was drunk, but had shamefully ill-used and neglected the child. At St. Kilda, a girl named Christian Sharp, aged 18 years, was cleaning out a room, when, seeing a grain or two of some white substance, which she thought to be sugar, on the mantelpiece, she took it on her finger and put it into her mouth. She re membered, as it tasted bitter, that it was strychnine that had been purchased to poison mice, and the fright so overcame her that she'fell down insensible. Medical assistance was procured, but without avail, as she died soon afterwards. Deceased could hot have taken more than a twelfth or sixteenth, of a grain of strychnine. Death resulted from congestion of the brain caused by fright through deceased thinking she had poisoned herself. The French man-of-war steamer Seignday, which has just sailed from Toulon for the South Seas, is armed with torpedoes instead of guns. The torpedoes are of a peculiar kind. They are towed by the "vessel, but diverge from its course at an angle of 50 degrees, and blow up on striking the' side of a hostile ship. These torpedoes have been fully experimented upon as weapons of offence, and are said to be a complete success. They are prevented from sinking by an apparatus not unlike a dog; it is said that at a cable's length they can easily be brought into contact with the hull of a iostile vessel. The t: :p of three well-known cardsharpers to Cblac.ltaces.wa3 spoilt recently.- David Martin, Henry Oliver, and "John Lawrence were going from Melbourne to Geelong by the steamer Despatch when they thought they would make a commencement. They produced three cards. This alarmed Mr. William Hawkin, a builder, who thought it best when such characters were about to secure his money. Accordingly he took four £10 notes out of his coat pocket, and was in the act of putting them in his trousers pocket when Martin seized the notes, and put them down, saying, "There's a gentle man who wants to bet 4 to 1/' &e.;, and Lawrence, the manipulator of the cards, put ' them in his pocket. On arriving at Geelong information was given to the police, who subsequently arrested the three men. i Though the time that had elapsed had been short, they had changed the notes and secured passages for Colac by the coach. They were remanded for a week. A writer in the Mount Alexander Mail gives, the following particulars of a case which at once illustrates the advantages of life Assurance, and reflects credit upon the Company concerned:—" About the beginn ing of February, Mrs. Bavington, well known in this borough, called on me stating that her eon had been killed by being crushedinathrashing-machine at Moroopua, and showed me a notice of a renewal of premium on a policy for £200 sent to her care for her son ;.om the Australian Mutual Provident Society. I applied on her behalf to the Society for the insurance-money under the policy, and was informed in reply that the policy had become void for non-payment of the premium within the specified days of grace, viz., one month. The mother had foolishly kept the notice instead of sending it to her son. He knew nothing of the premium becoming due, and met with his untimely death.after it should have been paid. I representea"these facts to the Directors, and also the melancholy and dis tressed condition of Mrs. Bavingion, and the result is that they have generously re solved that the full amount, £200, shall be paid, although she had not the slightest legal claim on the Society." A man named Edward Charles Hardy, recently arrived in Victoria from Adelaide, has been arrested upon a "charge of bigamy. Saving Expenses.—A Munson street man being told that there were several pieces of tin which needed mending, , conceived the idea of getting an iron and solder, and doing the mending himself. His wife, filled with vague forebodings perhaps, said that the ex pense was such a trifle that it would hardly pay to do it oneself, to which he responded: " I'll admit that in this one instance it would not pay, but there is something being in want of repair every little while, and if I have the tools for filing it, we are saved : just so much expense right along. It may not be much in the course of a year, but every little helps, and in time the total i would-amount to a nice little lump. We don't want the Astors lugging off all the money in the country, by gracious." He got the iron—one dollar—and fifty cents' worth of solder, and ten cents' worth of rosin. He came home with these things and went into the kitchen, looking so proud and happy that his wife would have been glad he got them, were it not for an im pending muss. He called for the articles needing repair. His wife brought out a pan. " Where's the rest? Bring 'em all out an' let me make one job of it while I'm about it." He got them all, and seemed to be dis atopointed that there were not more of them. He pushed the iron into the fire, got a milk pan inverted on his knee, and with the solder in his hand, waited for the right heat. " That iron only cost a dollar, and it'll never wear out, and there is enough solder in this piece to do twenty-five dollars' worth of mending," he explained to his wife. Pretty soon the iron was at right heat, he judged. He rubbed the rosin about the hole which was to be repaired, held the stick of solder over it, and carefully applied the iron. It was an intensly interesting moment. His wife watched him with feverish interest. He said, speaking laboriously, as he applied the iron: 14 The-only-thing-I- regret-about ifr-is-that-I- didn't- think- of-getting-this-be- ; fore-we—" Then there ascended through ] that ceiling and up into the very vault of heaven the awfullest yell that woman ever heard, and the same instant the soldering- ] iron flew over the stove, the pan went clat- [ tering across tha floor, and the bar of solder struck the wall with such force as to smash j right through both the plaster and lath. And before her horrified gaze danced her j husband in an ecstasy of agony, sobbing, ] screaming, and holding on to his left leg as j desperately as if it was made of ' solid. gold and studded with diamonds, j " Get the camphor, why don't you ?" he yelled. " Send for a doctor! Oh! oh! I'm a dead man!" Just then his gaze rested on the soldering iron. In an instant he caught it up and hurled it through the window without the preliminary of raising the sash. It was some time before the thoroughly frightened and confused woman learned that some of the molten solder had run through the hole in the pan and on to his leg, although she knew from the first that somethingof an unusual nature had occurred. —Dauhury Neoes. Taking too much whisky straight will make you walk crooked. 