Appalling suicide. (From the Melbourne Age, December T8.) A brothel in Little Flinders-street was, last evening about dusk, the scene of a ntost horrible case of suicide, the victim being a native of Dantzic, named Maurice John Msckewifz, aped 45 years. About twelve months ego a young woman named Alice Buckley was rescued from drowniug near Prince's Bridge, by the efforts of two tn-»n, who saw. her immi nent danger, and risked their lives to effect her rescue. One of them was drowned in tbe attempt, but the othpr succeeded in bringing the girl safely to land. She -possessed considerable per sonal attractions, and though she was known to the police as a woman of certain repnte, several persons took an interest in her, and -amongst them the unfortunate tnan who yesterday blew his brains out. Be appears to have been an industrious and f expectable individual, and having made tbe scqnaiatance of Buckley, he at once proposed marriage to her. She consented, and the ceremony was doly performed. With the means they had at their conrtnand, the married couple took the Empire Hotel at Hotham, and carried on business there for some time, but not with the satisfactory result that they anticipated. After a time they were obliged to relinquish the premises, and with what they could save from the wreck they took another hotel nanud the British Lion. This also failed, and about ' a week ttgb they resigned the business and separated, the women going to live in a cottage in Flinders-lane, where the tragedy occurred, the deceased intimating hie intention -of going np the country to look for employment. Tbe deceased was \- .. . prone to jealousy, and at times cruelly ill -treated his wife. At the time she left him he was quite aware of her pur ' pose, and undertook not to intrude upon or trouble her in her new borne. He kept faith with her in this respect until yesterday morning, when, abont ten 'o'clock, be called at the cottage in Flinders lane, where Buckley lived. The bouse is one of a range of four, between Russell and Steven-streets, and consists of a front parlor and a back bedroom, both meretriciously furnished after the style of such abodes, with premises to tbe rear, where the ostensible lady of the boose and her children slept. One of the youngsters opened the door when deceased knocked, and, in accordance with directions, informed Buckley, who was then in bed with a man in the back room, that ' a gentleman waoted to see her/' She, not knowing who it Was that inquired for her, pent word for him to call again. The message haying been conveyed to Mackewitz, be left Btating that he would return abont one o'clock. The woman seemed to be aware who tbe visitor .was, and accordingly was pre pared for him at the hour named. Punc tually to promise he arrived. He seemed ? troubled and ill-tempered, and without :;'?' laaying anything entered the parlor and m took bis seat upon a sofa. Buckley ap proached him in a friendly manner, and, — . facing her hand upon his shoulder, ipade some inquiry about bis going to ? — —roe country. He said that he intended starting on the following day, and asked her if she had got any money. She opened her purse, and banded him a sovereign. Some conversation ensued as to what be pnrposed doing with the money. He replied that several articles of clothing belonging to him were in pawn, and be wanted to release them so that they might be useful to him in the country. This satisfied her, and, on ap parently friendly terms, be rose to take hi& departure. When at the hall door he stopped, and turning ronnd he said, in tones that indicated determination, 'I shall return this evening at six o'clock, without fail. Mind, I am determined to see yon, and therefore do not fail me.' She said, 'All light,' and he then went away. Shortly after the hour named be knocked at the door, and there feeing at the time no one else but herself in the bouse she gave him admission. They both proceeded to the bedroom, and she, in the first instance, suggested that she should return him the pawn tickets of bis clothes and otber articles which ? she had in her possession. His manner V— was abstracted, and the expression of his eyes was wild and reveegeful ; but she took no particular notice of this until he leaned over and struck her in the face, at the same time throwing a quantity of silver on the floor. This sent her reding against the bed, on to which he pressed her, leaning over, and holding her down with a. sort of convulsive effort. He then raised one of his fingers, and ad dressing her said, ' Do you see that? That is a ring composed of your hair.' He at the same time drew from hi» pocket a small piRtol, which he 6howed her. Tbe woman, believing he was going to shoot, shrieked and struggled to escape. The next moment she heard a report, and felt her hair and face deluged with blood. She was so terrified that for a time she remained insensible, and on returning to consciousness, she fonnd herself lying on the bed and tbe room in darkness. She rose, and looked about, and in the gloom distinguished the body of her husband, horribly disfigured, lying on the floor beside tbe bed. She rushed to the rioor, ai..! in doing so had to stnm ble over the corpse, and cried for help. Disturbances are, unfortunately, not rarities in such places, so that neither the noise of the pistol report nor her cries created any alarm. She succeeded after a time in escaping from the room, and then screaming like a woman de % ranged, she paced up and down the hall. Ultimately the noise attracted attention, and several of the neighbors burst in, when they found the unfortunate woman leaning over and caressing the blood stained corpse. A more sickening 6i'ght could hardly be imagined than wa6 pre ? seated by the body. The deceased ap peared a large man, with somewhat regular and prepossessing features. He, in committing the act, had placed the muzzle of the pistol to his mouth, and fired it. Tbe bullet took an upward direction, traversing tbe left cheek, and parrying away or splintering in fragments e eutire left hemisphere of the skull, leaving an aperture through which the lacerated brains exctdtd, falling in a mass upon the floor. Death, in its most revoltiug form, must have been instan taneous, and it was with difficulty the women could be dragged from the cham ber. The spectacle presented was truly terrible. Stretched at full length, and filling up the greater portion of the vacant space in the room, was the body, the face and upper portion covered with blood that still trickled to the floor, and addid to the ensangnined pool in which the bead lay partly buried. The bed. with its elegant hangings, all sprinkled with blood, the gaudy furniture, and pic tures of women decolletees, conveyed an idea of one of those tragic pictures of scenes of immorality and crime that, happily, are rarely witnessed amongst us. Beside the body was found a document, from which it was evident that the wretched man had committed premedi tated suicide from motives of jealousy. The letter, which is appended, adds, if possible, a deeper and more ghastly shade to the affair, and shows that the man must have been goaded to commit the act while in a state of frenzy. It is as follows : — ' 17th December, 1876.— I write this in my proper senses, and I intended to kill myself to-day, some way. My wife left me last week through the inter ference of the following woman and man. The man she is living witn in a brothel, named Polly Rosa Johnston, Lonisa Felony, Mrs. Lambert, all in Flinders lane, and tbe French ? living next Sargood and Co., Flinders- street. Pros titution is the best most successful car ried on under the very nose of the police, as the detective force is an example. My best thanks to Mr. Croyele, the brewer, of the Royal Mint Brewery, for being so kind, after swindling me of money some time ago, to pay my wife £3 to sleep with her last Wednesday night, at tbe Belvedere Hotel, and Mr. Hennety for trying to do the Game. I don't sign my name ; it will be fonnd out Boon enough. I have no money, and I intended to blow my brains out over my wife's living carcass that she may always remember me in that beautiful life sbe and her com panion are leading, and may the curse of God be on her, that she shall have the mangled body always before herself, and if my ghost he shall hunt her and drive her to madness, and tbe worst I wish her. I got one pound from my wife, and fonnd a man in bed with her. I paid 4s. for a pistol in Cleeland's. I returned the rest to her, after paying for powder and shot. I see her at 6 o'clock, my wedding day and my bnrial. I wish to be buried with the lock of hair in my finger. After my body ie removed Ihopesomeofyourclever detectives or policemen will go to bed with her and smell my blood. I leave my lodging now, 10 a.m., to go and see my cursed wife to get some money, the first and last, to buy a pistol and return to her, take her in my arms, and scatter my brains over her cursed carcase. — Amen. N.B. — My wife's name-was Alice Buckley, and you will find from her her brother is an old policeman living in Dandenong, Oakley, Fern Tree Gully or Sale (Gipps land) at present I believe. J. M. M. Married 17th December, 1874. Died by his own hand 17th ditto, 1875. Order for a gravestone. ' 