THE NORTHERN MAILS. TO THE EDITOB. Sir.—Mr. Terry,, mall contractor, says that my telegram appearing In your Issue of the 26 :h" ult. is untrue. Perhaps,' since Mr. Terry oourts fuller- disclosures', he will find that truth! is stranger than fiction." • I admit T was slightly misinformed.: The horse referred'to was not literally, held up to be harnessed. ; But will you allow me to state the following facts, which it would be, impossible to compress into an ordi nary telegramFirst,- let me say that no one could possibly be accused of falsehood who may say of any horse that has been driven into this township with Terry's mail for the last few months that it is "knocked up." Then with reference to the horse in question, which ap pears from Mr. Terry's statement to have been in such "fair condition," that one wonders why his passengers have to walk a great part of the way, and that'the-mail is always behind the oontraot time from 12 to 36 hours. I now assert, and I can prove my assertion by numerous wit nesses, • it had ■ to be lifted up in the stable before it wa3 harnessed, arid, staggering off with the mail, it dropped exhausted in the Street only. a few yards from therPost-Office. After inhuman"oruelty bBing bestowed on it by the driver, disgusting all beholders, this horse " in' fair.oondition;-" was set, on its' legs {by about a- dozen persons, and' flagred, pushed, and dragged for about half a mile from the township, where it fell never to rise again. It lay ■there on the roadside for over two days, groaning piteonsly,^shocking the -feelings of passers-by, and every groan reminding them of Terry's mis i management and abominable cruelty. It died of starvation, overwork, and neglect; and now, will Mr. Terry deny that because of this his driver has been summoned to appear at our Local Court for cruelty in the above case ? But perhaps Mr. Terry and his man make a distinc tion as to which horse of the pair is specially referred to. Well, I did not happen then to know the name of the poor unfortunate brute, but now I know, and for fear of mistake let me tell it—it was Warrigal. And if the ghost of Warrigal could arrange with the shades of others of his kind hurried out of existence by the same means, to-pay-Mr. Terry-nightly-vislts, I do not envy him the number of " nightmares" and nighthorses he would be afflicted with. I should like to ask if the guard really did give such a favorable report of the horses audi of their fitness5 for work as Mr. Terry would have us believe ? If so, that may explain the fact, that although the inhabitants have so fre quently protested againit the disgraceful way in which the mail contract is being carried out,' yet we have as yet obtained no red-ess. But our motto is, " try again," and we are trying again. I am, Sir, &o.;,on behalf of several inhabitants of Bllnman, "W. S. OARTEB, Wesleyan Minister. ' 