^ NATURALIST./ AMONG THE SHARKS. lo Londoner needs to bs t -ld how the growth of great citiea, year bv year, drive* further and further the denizens of flood and field, and lengthens the dUtan.ee to be travelled by the sportsman e-e he revhos the ground. There are men now living who have sh -t snipe in B-Igravia ; and I can myself remember whoa t'i- re was g.»i angling' at Putney Bridge, and 'omaionally even at 11 ittersc.i. The growth of Sydney has not been portentously rapid, like that of our 44 Babyl -n the Great.' tut has b-wn sufficient t- produce similar changes, though on a sni viler scale. 1 he suburban cats have forgotten the ti iv- - vr of quail, and he would be a sanguine eu.irt-iiiat ind-.-a i who eh mid now walk out towards Botany in October, hoping ti tiring ui three or four couple of snipe. as lie aright, have dene when first I knew the ground. The destruction of fry Ov the seine, which at one time bod rendered the line almost use less within the Heads. ha* indeed been arro tel by iudici Jti legislation; and during tin last three or four y»*is a gssl hand, on a favourable day, has been able to secure, in the harbour, a handsome basket— or rather hatnp-r — of fish without the aid of a 'silver h-sk.' . But stid the line fishing is far inferior to wbat it was when I fin-t cu-t angle in the Sydney waters, iu/ attention divided between the varied beauties of that g'oti -us bay, and the finny shapes, scarce less varied in their beauty, which ever and nnon emerged from its teeming d-pths. Many a .tinie bivy I risen with the earliest d$wn. .and paddled 'firth from ll-o North Shore in time, to see. the first flush of sunrise steal tip the harbon% kindling isle alter hie. headland after he id land, throwing each rocky cive and inlet into deep blue shadow, and scattering the grav stillness before the majestic advanoe of light and oolour. Two or three hours sutficed thru to supply an average household with fish for us many days, without going out of sight of Government House, and I used to return hrevv laieu ti breakfast, when the firi-t pail of the sea breeze began to ruffle the mirror-like surface e-f the bay. Things are ohanged since that time, and not for the better. ' It was not, however, to Sydaey Harbour' itself that I chiefly referred when I spoke of waters impoverished by tin growth of a neighbouring towu. I had another bi v in iny thoughts, better known by nam« than even Port Jackson, and often confounded with it. Well do I remember my first visit to Botany Bay, towards the end of 1859 ; the delicious drive thither in the early dawn, past flowery gardens, and bush yet fuller of bloom — the triumphiuit return by moonlight wi-h a weight of picked fish enough to Bet the cabman grurab'ing. My companion was English, like myself, but had long been a colonial celebrity, not only in law and politics, but in every department of sport. Few conld work harder or more tfl-cHvely; faw oould occupy their leisure with more varied energy or enjoy it with greater zest Many a day's sport had we raj -yed together in the olde-uritry; now nis familiar faco alone seemed to link the present with the past. All else was strange around me and as we neared the unknown fishing grounds I felt, as a New Chum, right glad to be under tho direction of a veteran who knew cverj nook of tho hay — every trick of the breeze on that gusty shore. Uow the day went with us the reader will gather from the following dialogue: — New Chum : ' Well, this ia capitally managed ; not 7 o'clock yet, - breakfast over, and I suppose only a few hundred vards of this natural flower garden between ns and our boat'' Veteran: 'Aye, we can't stop for the flowers now. Yonder she lies, just where that spring ditch joins the bay. The tide is well up, or it would be a tight fit; even now we had better lose no time. Now. then, Barker, look alive there ! The missus all right ? that's welL Mind your eye. shaver ; catch that basket, hand the prog-box and that hag of .taoklo along. Jump in, F. . There, all aboard ! push ber off! we can talk it over as we go. This end of the bay is gradually silting up, and we have full two miles to row Before we can do any good. I suppose, Barker, we may as well begin with the flathead *'' Boatman! 'Yes; guv'nor ; there's precious little breeze for a drift, bnt the ebb Will be well on by the tipie we're past (he jetty; and then we shall move fast enough for a morn ing like this. With a warm sun and the water like ile rho flathead will draw after the boat.' New Chum : ' What manner of beast is your flathead, D.. and what do you recommend in the way of tackle ? ' Veteran : ' He is an ungainly wretch enough—like the of all bullheads; very broad1 at the head, falling in behind the gills, and thence tapering rapidly to a still, hard tail. He has a huge mrath, with gill-oovers that cut like ? rarer; indeed, when he sets up his spines he is bad to handle anywhere. As for tackle, you needn't be particular; you have a fine sohuapper line there — that will do very welL I like a hook about the ordinary salmon size, but ho ?an bolt anything ; only take care the line just above the hook be such as he cannot bite through. Here are halfa dozen, on fine whipcord twisted, and . sometimes, when the larger fish take well, I treat them to two strands of brass wire. That rinkar will do to begin with ; should wo come to drift fast you want a heavier. Keep .the lead just run ning on the' ground, arid strike smartly when you feel the second tug, or ? rug,' as they say on the Tay.' _ . New Chum : ' Is he good for anything when caught ? ' Veteran : ' ' Sorter yes, sorter no.' All depends on the feeding ground. Sometimes he is, oil' the mud, muddy. Caught on the pure white sand of Botany, fit for the manu facture of tho finest gloss, he is an excellent fish, well flavoured, and firm almost' to hardness, so as to be better for a day '8 keeping. If \ou go iu for luxury, h ive a dish of (he hard roes, fried liko croquette*, whra tho fish are heavy inepaWn. Look al've with the bait, Barker! we must be near our ground. Give ihea lump of mullet beforo it gets too soft. Boatman : ' Wait a bit, guv'nor, till we are well off the point That gen'l'man cati try the inshore drift. Now let 'em go.' Veteran: ' I had a touch, then. Try again, friend. I have him, now, mud he pulls like a boomer. Bah ! a rascally fiddler. Another bait. Barber.' New Chum: 'I- think I've a fish, now. Yes (jerks furiouriv), here he is, fast enough ; but h i doesn't puu like your fiddler.' Veteran : ' A flathead, I see ; haul him in quick, and mind your fingers.' ?« New Chum : ?? Now, sir, come aboard. Oh, you ugly villain, what a mouth! Why, confound the fish, he's swallowed it down to his toil. How shall I etffer clear my took?' . Veteran : 'Cut it off, and bend on another closer to the sinker ; ten inches is quite far enough. You had so much daob below the lead that your fish had bolted the bait before you felt him. Ah, I hive another now, and in he comes ! Yon see he was hooked in the mouth, and one bang aersinst the thwart has brought the hook out, bait and all. Hon t handle him, F.' New Cham : ' Wise warning, but too late. Draco take his spines! He might as well be 'some Egyptian poroupig.' ' Veteran: 'You are well out of it. I have had my digits horribly slashed by their gill covers. Suck your fingers well, and that slight puncture from the back fin will be all right in ten minutes. Hod it been the spine of a toadfish, now, or, worse still, of a black travally, yon would have felt the poison for hours, possibly for days. Both fish should be known and avoided. New Chum : ' I suppose the sting-ray's tail is the most venomous of all ? ' . Veteran : 'So they say. The effects certainly are at times.very serious, but I am not surgeon enough to 'say how far this may be due tithe form of the weapon— a coarse conical point with a rough surface. A stab from a horn dagger of the same shape would be a serious matter, from the exten sive laceration of the nerves, and from the unwillingness of the blood to flow out of a contused, punctured wound. On some parts of this coast the ' stiugaroes* are a downright nuisance. Near the month of the Hastings at Port Mac quane there is excellent whiting ground, the fish unufiually large and well- flavoured. But the stragarees haunt you. ?ad, whether they break your tackle or are hauled on hoard, they delay operations sadly. In the latter case look oat for squalls.' New Chum: ''What would yen do, love,' if yon were |riokfll«yoBOr Veteran : ' I'll tell yon what that queer card, G. K., the naturalist, did. At one of our Ashing picnics in the harbour asked many questions «f the boatmen and others as to the wound n:;i&e; by the ^tingsrev's tail, the nature of the ptin, and the Subsequent effects. * At last he actually irrasned the fafTcf one above tho sting. 'and rut it smart! v*iiito the muscle of his haul bolOw the little finger. Pic.-cntlv I cmld see his face begin to twitoh; tho piia w worse than he had reckoned on. He quietly took out a lmoe:, made a deep cross cut into the puncture, racked it, p -ured in some brandy, fojk a gulp of ditto, and than txiuni the wound up \vi'hout a word ' New Chum: 'The Hero its Philo*op?i --r. Well. I hive no doubt u MV.neai was very good, and will b-iir it in mind should I i-v.;r ha jn the Hke cn»e, but, a*. Sir Andrew i says, 'my hope i- letter.' At all eveate, I shall not try the ( experiment -m myself. ,V««u wilt his-e observed my can- j tious dealing with my last throe flathead —a two-pronged i fork through t ne skull make* tbeut marvellously ea«y to j handle. But, ho, v now? What th i dickens have you get j there!' j Veteran: 'A fish worth having, I can tell you-: those Botany sole*, when you get. them, are the. best part: of the bag. In flavour, u* in shape, he is something between the English n»lo *nd flounder', but nwuvr the former.' We shall catch' a few mire hnreitymts ; the bite is wary nnd treniul-m*. unlike tho bold jerk of the flathead; so when you font him give him time.' New Chum: *' Really, those fUtheods come very thick. I mi*«-d ono then, and here's a big fellow that hooked him self in inid-wu:*r h* 1 hauled up. Will your bait hold out at this rate?' Veteran : ?' W.- *.hn?I nai! a who A shark ere long, and then we shall hiw two days' supply. What's up now ? A shark?' 'New Chum: ' Nor knowing, can't state with accuracy; but he's a rare fish to pull. A* the Kfswick peasant said when he brought. me a caterpillar. 'Ah s gotten summnt as is wick.' There he goes for another outing. He will have line in spite of me.' , Boatman : ' The genT man's fast to a king-fish, guv'nor, and a tidy one '. Easy with him, sir, or he'll cut your lingers to the bone.' . _ , Veteran : ' Bravo, l7. ! don't give him an inch ho doesn't, fight for. Steady, now, and I will gaff him. No ! he's off again like a shot It's lucky you've a fust-rate line. Haul oji him again.' : New Chum :' A long pull and a strong pull. By Jove, Ins is a plucky fish. Yet I think bis strength is flagging. Another srnri ? lint this lime he^'s easily turned. It won't do. my friend ; th.'-o 1 -mr excursion* unsettle your habits. Steady th- i , ?. r ieudy ! Now i he gaff. Thank you, D. ; that job is well over a.' lust. Hxvhedidtug! As Zerub Dabal L. tics. Liu* n-aid of tho boar, ' It was the most power- i fullest animal that ever laid holt o* mo, it uxis ridic k-us strong.' L expe- jrod something mnoh bigger.' Veteran : *' 1 heatiin, you rogue, reason.' Surely thirty five pounds ought to content you for the first sample. You will kill twenty -malior king-fish for one larger. But they all do pull frightfully. Weight for weight they are the i strongest fish in the Australian wa»ers, with only one excep tion. Is lie not a handsome fellow F ' New Chum : 'Yes; I have never seen & better propor tioned fish— firm, t biik-set, bog- backed, bead not too large. And then his vellow fin* set off hir silver lively well. Why, you've hooked his mate ! ' Veteran : ' No each luck; and yet I've got what I wanted. It's a school shark, you may swear bv the way he b ires — perhaps five feet long. Tbey show little fight tfll they come to eight or nine. Go on vritb your flftthea I ; he 11 oome ia soon. My hook is wired, and he hasn't the ghost of achinc?. If he runs round you, slacken line. Now. Barker, hela me in wi:h him; he's not worth lancing. And von. sbiTcr, lie ready with the tomahawk to cripple bis tail.' , Now Chum : This is glorious ! At length I havp as sisted, in the French sense at least, at the capture of a shark. Now you've got liim, what are you going to do with him : Veteran: ' Oh, Barker and the boy will cut him up Hand us some tidy- elices of but, shaver, cut close, under the skin, and then npeu and wash him over the side for the benefit of hie friends. Take a lump uf shark bait, F.,and soften it by chopping with that blunt knifo— I learnt that trick' of a blackfellow ; without It the bait is too hard, at least till it ha* been kept a day, and often prevents the hook from laying hold.' 'Boatman : ' The ebb is running main strong, guv'nor ; I think I'd better drop the killick, ju«t to drag aud keep her b ick while we open the fish. When tho washings float away we shall have the sharks about us ia ten minutes.' Veteran: 'Very good; we shall drift slowly, and not wont heavier sinkers. Yoa study dialects, F. ; pray notice the 'shirks.' Our Sydney speech generally tends to a drawl, yet we shorten certain vowel*. Bream has become brim: creek crick; and so forth. Ah, that's a sole you've got; in with him, and at it again! , Wo liave no rime to sparp-' ' New Chum Rafter a few minutes' steady fishing) : ' w ell, this is reallv quick -work. You are beating me, I suppose from a quicker, surer stroke in hauling fish up ; yet I seem to be taking one every cast- ' Several times I nave seen another flathead, and onbe two, following ray prisoner to the surface, waiting for the reversion of my l«it.' Veteran: ' How queerly this fellow pulls! Fouled, by Jove: not a reversion, but a remainder in tail. They must he lying very thick just here ; and yet the fishing is not what it was. Ten years ago we should have killed thirty dozen by this time on such a warm, still morning. To-day I don't suppose we have taken more than twelve dozen, and we shant't get many more. I felt a touch of a shark's hose then. Leave tlio shaver to unhook that fi*h ; out the snood off and put on. u hook a size larger, armed with wire. Are you si.irting a line, too, Barker? Very well ; tho more the merrier. What, off again ? No. I've nailed him in mid water. Now, mind your line. F. ; John is bigger than his late brother, and 1 can't promise to keep him to my own side.' New Chum: ' But I've gotten hold of one myself, and he's as obstinate as a Connaught pig. I can't promise not to foul you.' Veteran: ' Never mind: if they cross, we most try to get them in together. Only trust your line and k«p a tight hand. I my friend seems inclined to hear reason at last; that was a very feeble sally. Bat he'll want the lance before he comes aboard.' Bmtmau: '? i^era,, Jim, catch bolt o' my line. Now, guv'nor, bring him up broad-dde on. My word! bnt he's big for a school Shirk ; add f all oteffge. too ! He's quieter f «r them stab* Qu ck with that fish, Jim, and help us in with the shirk ' (A short scuffle — a lucky chop abovo (ha the tail, and ' John' — six feetlong — is secured, 4 grallocbed* *n-i heaved on b aril.) New Churn: '? Now, D., turn about is (airplay; help me to settle with my customer. I think be is pretty well tired.' Veteran : ' Aye. aye; hi! Bold him there while I givo hi .ii his dose: tlie steel as before. Now, Backer, two ean lift him. Fin and tail; well done! Here, shaven be | emart ! n shark line out of the bog. No, not the cnain Ih -ok — that now line with the hoik on ten plies of brass wire. Now, Barker, that largest blaokfish, to tempt a i 1 bo imer.' Boatman : Heave it far down stream, guv'nor, to leave room for our linos round the boat. Them eggs are rare birlry.' Ni \v Chum : 4- Bv Jove, he's right ! I've another shark f t-t aire nly, and Jim has his hands full, too.' Veteran (striking smartly): 44 Gracious Tweezer, there are throe of them I We must nflnd our hits. In, -with ihe killick. B irker. You. shaver, keep your fish away, by the bow if you can; don't let. him, run undor the boat. Work yours oyer the stern, F.' A scene of lively confusion ensues. Two lines get foul, but are, with some difficulty, cleared, and ultimately ali three fish are captured. New Chum: ' Woll, T thought they would have beaten us. 'What a scrimmage !' Veteiuu: 44 l'reity fun, isn't it? I have a sort of anti pathy te sharks, which gives me a special pleasure in kifliug them.' New Chum : ' Pity they are useless when caught.' ' Veteran: li D -n't you believe it. The last great day I had hero I sent n lot of tins to one of our Chinese 6tore k»a?pers, nnd got ft half -chest of tea in return. Then the livers yield « capital oil in great quantities, as Barker tbero will tell you. 1 hayo had more than six gallons from a single liver; but that was a fourteen-foot shark, and much broader in proportion than these babies. I should like to show you 8-im; thins: sizeable before landing for luncheon.' New nVi-ri ; 41 May it come soon! I begin to find this sun trying.' Voieiuu: ' Yoa are right, we had better be getting under the rocks. Get out the oars, Barker. I'll haul in the shark line. Stop ! 1 felt a touch. He is turning the bait over with his snout. Keep all feet clear of the Jine, for goodness sake. This is j ust the exciting moment. He's oft' now — going from us. One, two, three, fast hooked; I believe. Now comes the tug of war. Get her heal round, Barker ; let him tow the boat if he pleases. Stiff work this for the arms, F. ! You see I am heaving with my whole weight against him, bat can't turn him. Go ahead, ray beauty I I hope you like the towing business. You see, F , he is saving tis trouble ; he is pushing straight for tho Frenchman's Point If he stands this lung; he's bigger than I take him to be.' New kJnuui ; *- tiatclv he's big enough for anything.' Veteran : 44 1 fear not ; be is giving in already. I have pulled him in somo ten yards, hand over hand, and I don't f tun k he ' s game for another rush. Ah ! I caught eight of him then — a hobbledehoy sort of shark ; ten feet long or so; not a regular monster of the deep. Now, F., .stand by to lance liim. Oh, you muff ! ' New Chum : 44 Muff, indeed ! Why, I drove it right through him!'. Veteran: 44 And so he wrested it from you, and has twisted tho wrought-irou half round his body, while he whirls the wooden handle like a flail 1 . Imagine a lancer impaling his enemy, instead of recovering his weapon after a thrust ! Mind your head 1 By all that's awkward, you had a narrow escape from that whirling shaft. Bnt I can't give him line ; get. the waddy, man, and give it him, well over the nose. Ahl that has a very soothing effect. ' The snout seems the one sensitive part of the shark's organiza tion. I suppose it is the seat of those fine nerves which enable him to detect a taint ia the waters, and sniff his distant prey. Well, all's well that ends well. The' lance will be easily straightened : and, after all, 1 might as well have warned you beforehand. Make the line' fast astern, Barker, and we'll tow him in to shore. Hie liver/will be worth having. Now for La Perousc's monument' ' New Chum : 41 And luooheon. I shall feel ready for anything in the way of solids when I have primed nwsslt with a dozen rock oyst*rs and a glass of oawarra.'., (They row in with ' Jonn' in tow.) — H. R. Fhaucis, in Tft* Field. 