\--M4£BTBOEGU&H.; ? ? ? Ieboh oun- oynf. coBRBSroNDnnTii' ? ; ; :?'?:. \ , .,...?? March 2-1. A man nariied Alexander Eixson lies in our lock-up, committed for trial for the wilful mur der of his wife.. The particulars of tho caso are poculiar. Rixson and a woman named Lydia Quipps came to this colony by tho ship Star Queen, and have lived in Maryborough as man and wife till within tho laBt'tlirce'weoks. Then thero was a quarrel; Lydia was driven from, tho house ; and noxt day Rixson legally married : another, woman. A .week afterwards,. Eixson' s j legal wifo died suddenly. Dr. Little held a. post ; mortem examination,'. and 'Dr. Pow.Or, in his capacity as a Justice of tho Peace, held a i magisterial enquiry into tho oauso of the death. RixBon was terribly cut up, : and could hardly : , give.-his evidence : through crying. Ho des ,,cribed.how his wife had., bpen. ailing for two or threo days, and how the night proviousto her .death he had been disturbed two or three times to supply her with brandy, and. u cup of coliee. ur. ijituo gayo.it as jus- opinion that the woman died .'..'from, apoplexy. The| enquiry as an ordinary . 'precaution wns, adjourned for three days, the, body was buricd,i and thero we supposfcd tho iiuittcr would rest. The night after the enquiry a man named, Adamsou, going home across the resorvfe, saw a; ghost. If you consider this a laughing. matter: 1 assure you the man does not. He becomes ' fightablo if A'ou but smile when ho nan^itos his experience. TliiB is what ho saw, 0)', 'if you like, fancies he saw : First, what appeared like a small hoap of black earth'; As 3»» up-' proaehod ho Biiw it move, and CGueiuded it 'WiiST a largo black dog. But it ' still kept growing largor, and Adamsori was cortain it . was a drunken nigger. Mustcnng all his courage ho, walked towards the object. As he drew near ho was seized with a violent shnkiiig'j' cold per spiration burst out all over his ' body, a bundle which he was cairying on his' shouldor fell to tho ground, and his hat rose from his head. In the features of the apparition he recog nised those of Mrs. Eiisbn! Then cjinio it voice, 'I am tho murdered wife of Rixson.!' The apparition thon placed one of its hands over its mouth, and tho other on its throat, and — disappeared. ; Adamson does not know how long ho romained on the Eeserve, or how he found his way home. Next morning he took his wife's advico, and told 'us extraordinary experience to tho police, an'i they, growing suspicious, arrestod 'Rixson. and L.y(|ia Quipps. . The woman .was no. sooner in tlio polico,. office than.she mado.a statement, which ; she has sineo repeated. in the Polico Court. She is not in custody.' It appears that immediately after,; his marriage Rixsoatopk a fidown', on .his wi-otched wife. He cohabited -with her but ?one' night. The romainder of the week of his \\-vr6.'ty?1* lif° h° slept at tho woman ,Quipps' lo^Hins8'- ^ frequently swore that ho would havo the lY»'° of h!s wife- On Tuesday morning (March 15) h^'/?ft ^y^1} at ,six ..o'clock, and went to his garabV to dig her so'nio sweet pOJntoes. ? In about htiM au-ho.ur he 'returned, and while delivering tho potatoes., said, ' I have been ai?d- 1 done for my wife.'' , . The woiuau unsweredj ^'Gopd;- God, I will neyor speak to you again .»s Jong '-a. my name' i$ Lydia Quipps.' Thb'.n ne- hdd-.. her by . the windpipe, saying ?' TWs is the way. I. did it.' Afterwards Eixson ShL'd.*0 hc^.' So. help my God,,I have not dono it,'1 and,letther. , A few minutes afterwards a little ^^?'''me running to tfcll her Mm. Rixson was dead. . The nyigh. hours ? deposed ? that; early;that mqrn!l\S they had heard a .quarrel between Rixson anu l's wifo, which ended abruptly, ?' and that when they, were called to the house ; she ?was ;dcad — stiif and cold. In consequence of thifl addi tional evidoiioe, the body was exhumed, a spcond post' mortem examiiiation . hold, and Dr. Little, on being recalled, gave it. as his opinion, gathered from, the re-exariiination, and frorivthe e\idence, that tho ' woman',' hod ' come to her death by, strangulation.. .Tha^is the case. Eixson seemed utterly astoriishetl' lit the eVi dence the police had ^athei'cd, lind it is Relieved that that romorse— if he be .capablo of -it — which visited Eugeuo Aram, will induce, him to make a fiill confession of his guilt. Many will doubtless' sneer at the idea of Adamson having seen a spirit. . I am ready to admit that the apparition only appeared to hW ' mind's eye,' saidrriririd being greatly excited through thinking o\'er tho circumstances of the sudden death, and perhaps, having somo guilty knowledge or suspicion of its . origin, -f But I ?think nobody will deny that extraordinary and unaccountable instances . of what, our Scotch friends would1 call -' second:sight ' do occasion! .ally occur. .. Here is' an instance.. T A. few nioriths back I1,, with half-a-dozen others; j\vus '' camped 'foVthe night at arieighbouringplantii -tiotr-'Iri the 'morning, ; at breakfast,' 'We all . noticed that tho manager looked ;' particularly ;' down'in tlio mouth.' Wo'tricd to rally himj ' but' iii vain. ' At last he' told us.tlmt he had ?dreamed of his father's death in ^England, and mentioned several who wore rmimThis bed. We laughed at first,but one of our number carved the ; dato in the woather-bbdrds of thp cotlago with the names of those said to be 'round tho bed. A letter has since beou' received saying1 that the father dicd'on that- very night, and that the names carved on tho boards were ? the vei-y friends who sun-ounded him during his last moments. . ^Perlmps this was only a coincidence. ^ i, , Last, week. J.02 white popi)le|Were,. conveyed ' froni this tow^t^ Brisbane at the expense' of the GovernnioiitVas thoy we»3,'uuable to 'find . omployinont here. , , Tho day .Lney left private ' enterprise introduced 93 black immigrants: Tlie 'latter are being rapidly absorbed. ' ?'???' I agree with Bohemian, that ' Oiis South Sea . ?Island labour question' hasn't 'settled' itself yet.' It is only now that wo are beginning to feel how very much, it is likely to unsettle us. Tlie fact is that tho importation of Kanakas is being carried on on too largo a ' scale. Thcj are becoming too numerous in' the land, and the white population is 'suffering in consequence. But it is not of this I would speak on this oc casion. Pcoplo aro becoming afraid to send their children to tho outlying schools, and our females cannot, with safety, walk- the streets of ? tho town after sundown lest they be insulted by these blaok savages. By introduciugsuch vast numbers of 'Polynesian males and not a corres ponding number of females wo are encouraging, or I may go further and say, establishing somo ; of tho worst ; vices of mankind in our -midst. Then, on thb other hand1, if Polynesians of both sexos wero introduced, they would marry and settle down amongst us,' and tho question arises, .would it bo desirable to -encourage the growth of such a race in bur colony ? Since my last letter wo have had another, fire iu ; Maryborough. A: wooden building, in .iAdolaido-stroot,.'rcrited from' Messrsl Scott- mid ? Compauy, and stocked and conduotcd by'Mr; Simon i'rasor as ;«, . general' store, has boon burned down'. ... A brick bukery, also managed by Mr. Frasor, at the back of his wooden store, is undamaged, and this portion of tlio business is continued uninterrupted; ? Tho ?' 6toro was insured for £1,000, und tho '' cheque for tho policy only paid ono wuok before tho fire. Lucky Mr. Frasor! A magisterial enquiry hns been held, bnt (lie origin of the fire is, as usual, unknown.- The locai papers publish tho report. Speaking of fires reminds mo. A man named James Jonos was apprehended the other day -asj being a lunatic, and unsafe to bo at large. He had been remanded to tho Lunatic Reception House at Brisbane, whence he was only released about two months ago. While in the lock-up, he was recognised by Judge Hirst's servant girl as the man who lately attempted to set fire to her master's promises. - It is just possible that tho lato Kent street fire might have originated from tho same source. . ..;..- Mr. J. Purcell, of Tattersall's Hotel, lias sold' Mr horso Julius to Messrs. Hetly ahd1 WurrbnJ of Gympie.for jE120i . ??' ? '??: v1'' ' ? ; Professor Levorsedge'B report on our sugar cane has boen received by the subscribers to the fund, and tho question is asked on all sides ' What will they do with it ?'' ' They ' ref uso to publish any information it may, contain, for tho good of. the colony, 'unless paid handsomely for it. ? Do they wish to make a profit out of then: nostrum ? Can anything moro mean and selfish be ! conceived ? In futuro the- Mary River sugar planters must he classed with, that famous ', gentleman whoso sands of life have nearly run out arid will on rdcoipt .'of thirteen stamps forward tho Horider a mysterious method of restoring to the aged , land feeble all their youthful vigour and vitality.' . Seriously the' report cprituins no new features. : It is \iseful as it embodies all the various theories which have, boon advanced' to account i -for the appearance of rust, . ari'd'a l'ifgo&uanlity; j of statistics. .The profcsdqr sums up by' allcg- ?, irig that rust is not a specific disease, but is. tho ? result of, want of .'proper cultivation. ''? He answers j)fr. Mnir's assoition that the .best. cultivated patches in the district are the worst' attacked, by assorting that cultivation — in' its; proper meaning — is unknown in our cane-fields/ Ho recommends the use of several .mnjriurcsi under cortiiin circumstances^ but iri all. Cases! considers that the nicgnss should, be ploilghcd, in the cane-field directly it cbiries 'from the I rollers, and while it is y^t ^yet. . ''.'.',','?'' I ? 