GENERAL NEWS. The rainfall between 9 a.m. on Mon day, May 1, and the same hour on Tuesday, May 2, is registered aa'.follows :— Cape Jervis ... 0'045 Mannum ... 0*040 Burra 0*040 Clare 0 020 Kormanville ... 0*020 At about half-past 7 o'clock on Tuesday morning, a lodger at Shakespeare's Temperance Hotel, North-terrace, named Mrs. Gilthorpe— lately arrived from England—rushed from the breakfast table and threw her self over the balcony. She fell with great force, to the ground, and when picked up it was seen that she was seriously Injured, so she was taken at once to the Ade Iaide Hospital, where it was found that her left jaw, arm, and thigh were broken. Mrs. Gilthorpe came out with her husband in the Torrens, and had since then been in the Lunatic Asylum for a fortnight. She was considered better, and was released from that institution about a week ago, with the intention of going with her husband to a farm he had in the South. They had been on a visit to England, and while they were embarking on the Torrens, her husband slipped on the ice, and broke his leg, and he Is still obliged to use crutches. The accident to her husband appears to have preyed on the poor woman's mind. As she wanted him to go home, she blames herself for the accident. Mr, Gilthorpe was with her when she made a rush to the balcony, but being invalided was unable to arrest, her pro gress. We are requested to direct attention to the altered days of sailing of the steamer Oeres for Yorke's Peninsula. Instead of making three trips weekly, Bhe will in future make only two, leaving Port Adelaide on Tuesday and Satur day. Her ports of call have also been changed, Edithburgh being substituted for Salt Creek, As illustrating the losses which some New South Wales stookowners are suffering in consequence of the late drought, the Forbes Times mentions that 500 sheep were lately offered near Oebondry for one shilling a head. It is also stated that the noses of sheep in many instances are bo.sore from continued short pick ing that they are incapable of feeding. The following forfeits for the May Races were posted up ac the Globe Hotel on Monday evening:— ST. LEGEB STAKES. Mr. W. Robertson's All Baba, Mr. H. Fisher's Troy, Mr. H. Fisher's Mizpah. Mr. H. Fisher's Onyr. TWO TEAK OLD STAKES. Messrs. H. & W, H. Bickford's Hero, Mr. H. Fisher's Speechless. On Thursday evening, April 27, Mr. J. Warland, late landlord of the Hagen Arms, Echunga, was entertained at dinner by a number of his friends, on the occasion of hi3 retirement from business. The chair was taken by Mr. A. von Doussa, who proposed the health of the guest in eulogistic terms. Mr. Warland responded in a happy strain, and altogether an enjoyable evening.was spent. Our Crystal Brook correspondent, writing on the 29th April, says" This after noon" the inhabitants of Crystal Brook were gratified by seeing the train from Port Pirie moving slowly over the bridge and running a3 far as the newjrail'way.station, bringing a num ber of empty trucks to be filled with wheat from the large stacks that have accumulated here. This has been eagerly looked for, and it is hoped there will be no delay in opening the line for passenger 'and goods traffic; also, that the authorities will not lose sight of the pressing necessity of a telegraph station here." On Saturday, April 29, about mid night, a serious accident occurred to Mr. P. Gaylard, of Onetree Hill. While driving home from Adelaide, and after he had passed Modbury on the road to Golden Grove, one of his horses shied at a heap of stones, and he was thrown from his vehicle. His leg caught between the splinterbar and the body of the trap, where it became fixed, his head and body hanging down wards close to the wheel. Some considerable time elapsed before Mr. Gaylard could make any one hear, but at last Mr. and Mrs. Boilings hearing a cooeying over and over again, as of some one in distress, got up and went down to the road, where they found Mr. Gaylard in the perilous situation described. With some diffi culty they extricated his leg, placed him in ,he buggy, and removed him to the Modbury Hotel. Dr. Curtis, of Teatree Gully, was immediately sent for, and quickly arrived. He found the leg broken and tho knee joint severely injured. Dr. Curtis set the limb. It was a wonder that Mr. Gaylard wasjinot killed. Had the horses gone on, fthe [result would no doubt have been fatal. Mr. W. S. Moore, whose services as lay reader have met with considerable acceptance at Salisbury' and Enfield, recently received a cheque for nearly £20, voted at the late Vestry Meeting at St. John's, Salisbury, as a token of the affectionate regard of the congregation and of their appreciation of his self-denying efforts in promoting!the welfare and interests of their Church. _ The Rev. J. C. Haynes, the Incum bent of at. Jonn's, m a fetter enclosing the cheque, writes, alluding to the congregation:— " They desire me to convey to you their warm thanks for the services you have rendered them on all occasions in supplying the wants of the Church, and to express the hope that you may long be spared to continue your work among them, resulting, as it does, in so great a benefit to the whole community. Permit me to add my own grateful testimony to your usefulness and worth, not only at Salisbury, but at Enfield and elsewhere, where your services are as highly valued and appreciated." This is not the first occasion on whioh Mr. Moore has received a donation in recognition of the help he has ren dered to the pastorates mentioned, A somewhat amusing episode occurred at the meeting of the City Council on Monday, May 1. When the time arrived to open the box containing the tenders, it was found that the Town]Clerk, who was absent through indis position, bidjiforgottea to tend the key. His Worship.informed the Council ofXthe fact, and at thefsame time intimated that it would pro bably take an hour to get the key. One or two of the] members thought that if a cab were used by the messenger the time would be con siderably shortened. Another Councillor sug gested that in the meantime they could proceed with other business, so as to save time. His Worship said they would have to take the business in its UBual order; and, looking at the box with a critical eye, remarked, " The box will cost 5s. and our time £5. Shall we break it open?" One member thought a screwdriver would do what was necessary, and suggested that Inspector Shakespeare should be sent for; but another said his office had probably been closed some time. No one seemed to be inclined to [take extreme measures, and hands soon emerged from trousers' pockets with bunches of keys, and after a few minutes' interruption a serviceable key was found, and matters went on as usual. A Cooktown correspondent of the Brisbane Courier, of April 18, remarks that " the Chinese have kept the town alive in sen sational business during the last few days. One of that interesting race committed suicide by hanging himself at the Hospital, and to-day another shot a countryman in the most delibe rate and business-like manner imaginable. The shooting affair was a remarkable one. A Celestial landing here from Hongkong some months ago put up at the hostelry of Mr. Jemmy Ah Foo, who keeps a public-house of a not very reputable \ character at the Chinese quarter of the town. According to his own aooount, he was gambled out of all his money, except a £5note, at Mr. Ah Foo's hostelry, and with that sum intended to leave for the diggings, and owe the landlord for two weeks' board that was unpaid. But to this the latter appears to have demurred, and, assisted by some of his countrymen, set upon the unfortunate ^immigrant and took from him the £5 note, from which he helped himself to what was owing and returned the change. John vowed vengeance. ' Me go alongee Palmer,' ho said, 'and come back and shootee you by'n bye.' And sure enough he came back shortly, pistol in hand, and found Jemmy Ah Foo deep in the mysteries of paBtrymaking. To let fly straight for the region of the heart was the work of a moment, but Jemmy started in the nick of time, and the bullet, instead of passing through his body, glanced from his rib and passed under the skin, almost round to the otjier side, the pewder even burning the body, j but still the injury inflicted was not dangerous, j The other at once gave himself up to the police, ' but according to his own utterances the un finished work is yet to be completed after he ■ has paid the penalty of the law for what ha has already done.'5 The Border Watch furnishes an illus tration of the faot that Bret Harte's " Heathen Ohinee" is not an exceptional character amongst Celestials:—"Mr. K. .Blaokmore, Overseer of the District Council of Mount Gambier West, was, on Tuesday, April 25, painting the fence that encloses the Cave Reserve, and laid his coat down on the ground just inside the fence alongside Commercial-street. In the course of Ms work he had to remove a little distance from it, but thought it was safe from molesta tion. But such .thoughts were erroneous. A short time after the garment was laid down, one of the Chinese who carry on the trade of gardeners near the town, passed with his market baskets on a pole slung over_ his shoulder. Mr. J, Underwood, who occupies a building on the opposite site of Commercial street, observed 'John' stoop down and abstract the coat, and hastily throwing it into one of the baskets, pass on, He communicated with Mr. Blaokmore, and the latter, taking with Mm one of . Ms sons, at once proceeded to the 'heathenV domicile, and asked for the! coat. The Chinese solemnly protested that they had not been in town that day, and that they had" seen nothing of the missing coat. However, Blaokmore threatened that he would ' send for the police imme diately if the article was not delivered up forthwith, and being thus ' persuaded, one of the Chinese produced and handed the coat, rolled up nicely in a parcel, to its owner. Then another of the Celestials scampered at high pressure speed to a deep natural hole in the paddock at the Bide of the road just above the Old Cemetery, and returned in a few minutes with the papers and other things the coat pookets had contained, which he had hid in the bottom of the hole. After the enraged loser of the garment had administered to the thief a severe shaking, he left him and his companion in great fear and trembling.5' At the Criminal Sittings of the Supreme Court held at Maryborough, Queensland, on April 11, Alexander Eixson was charged with the; murder of his wife, Annie George Eixson. The prisoner (states the Melbourne Argus) was supposed to have strangled his wife, with whom he had been living on bad terms. Dr. Little, one of fh6 medical witnesses, considered it probable that the marks of strangulation might have been caused by the deceased herself. His Honor.Judge Lutwyche quoted Shakspeare's description of the murder of the Duke of Gloucester in " King Henry VI.55— " See how the blood is settled on his face! Oft have I seen a timely-parted ghost Of ashy semblanoe, meagre, pale, and blood Being all descended to the laboring heart; Who, in the conflict that it holds with death, Attracts the same for aidance 5galnst the enemy; Which with the heart, there, cools, and ne'er returneth To blush and beautify the cheek again. . But see, his face is black, and full, of blood; His eyeballs further out than when he lived, . Staring full ghastly like a strangled mani: His hair upreared, his nostrils stretched with struggling, His hands abroad displayed, as one that grasped And tugged for life, and was by strength Bubdued.55 Dr. Little said he was not familiar with the passage, but the description was an excellent one of the symptoms of strangulation. The prisoner denied his -guilt. His Honor, in summing up, pointed out that strong suspicion against the prisoner was not sufficient; the Jury must be sure that his hands were the direct cause of her death, and there was no direct testimony to that effect. The greatest difficulty was the medical evidence, and there was a good deal of doubt there. Dr. Little had asserted that ho was not satisfied in his own mind, and if the evidence had ended there he should have told them to acquit the prisoner. But there was other and very strong evidence, and zl the Jury had no reasonable doubt they must return a verdict of guilty. After an ab sence of half an hour, tha Jury returned with a verdict of "not guilty,55 and prisoner was dis charged. 