THE ALMOST CHRISTIAN. ASBBMON PßKAciiKü AT ST. MARY'S, OXFOHD, ON MY 25 1741,/«Y T1ÏK LATE 1ÏBV. JOHN VESMY, AM, "Almost thou persuadesb me to be a Christian.'' Ants xxvi. 28. And many there are who go thus far ; ever since tho Christian religion w*s in the world, there have been nany in overy age and nation who are almost persuaded lo be Christians. But seeing it. avails nothing before Goá to go only thus far, it highly imports us to con- fider, first, What-is implied in being almost ; secondly, ffliat in beiug altogether a Christian. (I,) 1. Now, in the being almost a Christian j, Implied, first, heathen honesty. No one, I suppose, \ «ll make any question of this ; especially, since ly heathen honesty here, I mean, not that which ) ¡s recommended in the writings of their philosophers (sly, but . such as the common heathens ex ! pected oue of another, and many of them . actually Ípractised. By the rules of this they were taught, that {hey ought not to be unjust: not to take away their neighbour's goods, either by robbery or theft ; not to oppress the poor, neither to use extortion toward any: not to cheat or over-reach either the poor or rich, in ihatsoever commerce they had with them: to defraud no man of his right, and, if it were possible, to owe no maa anything. 2\. Again, the common heathens allowed that some regard was to be paid to truth as well as to justice. And accordingly, they not only held him in abomina- tion who was forsworn, who called God to witness to a lie; but bim also, who was known to be a slanderer of his neighbour, who falsely accused any man. And, in- deed, little better did they esteem wilful liars of any «rt, accounting them the disgrace of human kind, and tie pests of society 3\. Yet again, there was a sort of love and usistance, which they expeoted one from ano- ther. They expected whatever assistance any <rae could give another, without prejudice to himself. And this they extended not only to those little offices of humanity which are performed without any expense or labour; but likewise, to the feeding the hungry, if they had food to spare, the clothing the naked with their own superfluous raiment ; and in general the giving to any that needed, such things as they needed not themselves. Thus far (in the lowest account of it) heathen honesty went, the first thing implied in the being almost a Christian. (II.) 4. A second thing implied in the being almost i Christian ÍB the having a form of godliness, of that godliness which ia prescribed in the gospel of Christ ; the having the outside of a real Christian. Accord ugly, the almost Christian does nothing which the gospel forbids. He taketh not the name of God in vain : neblessethand ourseth not; he sweareth not at all, but his communication is"yea, yea; nay, nay. He profanes »ot the day of the Lord, nor suffers it to be profaned, even by the stranger that is within his gates. He nob only avoids all actual adultery, fornica- tion, and uncleanness, but every word or look that ether directly or indirectly tends thereto ; nay, and all lille words, abstaining both from all detraction, back- biting, tale-bearing, evil-speaking, and from all foolish Wiring and jesting, a kind of virtue in the heatheu moralist's aocount. Brieily, from all conversation that ¡snot "good to the use of edifying/' and that consc qaently « grieves the holy Spirit of God, whereby we »re sealed to the day of redemption." 3\. He abstains from wine, wherein is excess ; from revelling8 and gluttony. He avoids, as much II in him lies, all strife and eontention, continually endeavouring to live peaceably with all men. And if he suffers wrong, he avengeth not himself, neither re- turns evil for evil. He is no railer, no brawler, no .coffer, either at the faults or infirmities of his neigh- bour. He does not willingly wrong, hurt, or grieve any »an; but in all things acta and speaks by that plain mle, "Whatsoever thou wouldst not he should do unto . thee, that do not thou to another " 6\. And in doing good he does not confine himself to cheap and easy offices of kindness, but labours and luffers for the profit of many, that by all means he may kelp some. In spite of toil or pain, " "Whatso wer his hand fiudeth to do, he doeth it with all his night-." whether it be for his friends, or for his enemies ; for the evil, or for the good. For, being not slothful in tui, or in any business, as he hath opportunity he doth 8°od, all manner of good, to all men ; and to their wuls as well as their bodies. He reproves the wicked, instructs the ignorant, confirms the wavering, quickens the good, and comforts the raicted. He labours to awaken those that sleep, to J«« those whom God hath already awakened, to the fountain opened for sin and for uncleanliness, that hey may wash therein and be clean ; and to Btir up tfiose who are saved through fai+h, to adorn the gospel of Christ in all things. He that hath the form of godliness, uses the ?jans of grace; yea, all of them, and at all opportu- nes, He constantly frequents the house of wu; and that not as the manuer of some is, woo como hito the presence of the Most High, «lui d wiliU eold and ooMy OPP*T!. °l* in wi tho gaudy vanity of dress ; and either by their ^seasonable civilities to each other, or the impertinent 8 «ny of their behaviour, disclaim all pretensions to jaetorni, as well as to tho power of godliness. Would .b°d there were none among ourselves who -fall ma tho samo coudemuation ; who come into this J»J«B,itmay be, gazing about, or with all the signs of they °lv,!atle88'081:61688 indifférence, though sometimes may seem to use a prayer to God for bis ff*«? what tbey nre tínteriu?( "Pon? who racimé . fc awfu* service, are either asleep or or « «m tho m0Bfc convenient posture for it; iiiàw'n, g tuov 8UPPosed God was asleep, talk of »ZÎ i one ttI10thor, or looking rouud, as ¡utterly void Ll ? oym.ent- Neither let these bo accused of tho wmofgodhneBa. No; ho who has even this, behaves £h"0U8.ne88 and attention, in every part of that thstlu r»100, More especially when he approaches sen»; . v° Lord' ifc » not wifch a UShb or core ess »hu 'i wifcu au aw* gesture, and deportment »SaeJS* ?nothing else, but, " God be merciful to me bv iw411 L if we add tQe constant use of family-prayer hmeV.fl^r?aro masters of families, and the setting »«tiousn ,r.Prlvat6 addresses to God, with a daily this on?!8, Saviour ; be who uuifermly praotises nttfi2r,d religion, hus the form of godlinoBS. almost*T1 >"í0Qething more in order to his being {fi ft SBtia"»and that is Sincerity. Pueblo "fy B'ncori*y I mean, a real, inward »ard B"iu *e"Bwn, from whence these out aoUOuB flow, And indeed, if we have nob this, we # have not heathen honesty ; no, not so j much of it as will answer the demand of a Heathen Epicurean Poet Even this poor wretch* in his sober intervals, is able to tostify, . I Good men ovoid sin from the love of virtue ¡ Wicked mon avoid sin from a fear of punishment. I So that if a mau only ab tams from doing evil ia j order to avoid punishment, Non pasees in cruce ! corvos, saith " the Pagan ; there, " Thou hast thy I reward.". But even he. .will not allow such a harmless man as this, to be so much as a good heathen.] If then any man, from the same motive, viz,, to avoid i punishment, to avoid the I OBS bf his friends, or his gain-, or his reputation, should nob only.abstain from doing evil; but also do ever so much goori, yeoland use all tho moans of grace ; yet we could.not, with any propriety, ; say. " This mau is even almost a Christian. If ho has no better principle in his heart, ho ia only a hypocrite ; altogether.'* ' ' ' I 10. Sincerity therefore is necessarily implied in the being almost a Christian; areal design to serve God, a hearty desire todo his'will It is necessarily implied, that a man have a sincere view of pleasing God in all things ; in all his conversation'; in all his actions ; in ail he does, or leaves undone. This design, if any man be almost a Christian, ruuB through the whole tenor of his life. This is the moving principle both in his doing good, his abstaining from evil, and his using, the ordinances of God. . , 11\. But here it will probaMy. be iuquired. Is itpossibble that any man living, should go so far as this, and nevertheless be only almost' a Christian ? ; What more than this can be implied; in the being a Christian altogether? I answer, first, that it is possi- ble to' go thus far, and yet be but almost a Christian : I learn not only from the Gracies of God, but also from the sure testimony of experience. * 12\. Brethren, great is my boldness towards you iu this behalf. And forgive nae this wrong, if I declare my own folly upon the house-top, for yours and th« gospel's sake. Suffer me then .to speak freely of my- self, even as of another man,y I: am ¡ content to be abased, so you may be exalted, and to .be yet more vile, for the glory of my Lord. ' I 13. I did go thus far for many years, as many of tMi ' place can testify ; using diligence to esnhew alleyil,anc to have a conscience void of offence ; redeeming ?'.hi time, buying up every opportunity of doing good to al men ; constantly and carefully using ail the puMic an« I all ,the private means of gracie j endeavouring after i steady seriousness of behaviour, afc all times, and in al places. And God is my record, before whom I stand doing all this in sincerity; having a real design to serve God, a hearty desire todo his will in all things; t< please him who had -¡called me *o fight the good fight and to lay hold on eternal life. Yet my own conscienc beareth me witness in the Holy Ghost, that all this tim I was but almost a Christian. TT. TF it he inauired. What-, more than this is irr plied in the being altogether a Christian. I answer, (I). 1. First, the love of God. For thus saith his word " Thou shalt love the Lord thy God, with all thy heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy mind, and with all thy strength " Such a love of God is this, as engrosses the whole' heart, as takes up all the affections, as fills the entire capacity of the soul, and employs the utmost extent of all its faculties. He that thus loves the Lord his God, his spirit continually rejoiceth in God his Savour. His delight is in the Lord, his Lord and his All, to whom in every thing he giveth thanks. All his desire is unto God, and the remembrance of his name. His heart is ever crying out," Whom have I in heaven but thee, and there is none upon earth that I desire beside *hte." In deedjjwhat can he desire beside God V Not the world, or the things of the world. For he is " crucified to the world, and the world, crucified to him." He is cruci- fied *o the de-ire of the flesh, the desire of the eye, and the pride of life. Yea, he is dead to pride of every kind ; for "loveis not puffed up ;" but he that dwelleth in love dwelleth in God, and God in him," is less than nothing in his own eyes. (II.) 2. The second thing implied in the being alto' gether a Chrisfcion is. the love of oiyr neighbour. For thus said our Lord in tbe fol lowing words, "Thou shalt love thy neighbour as thyself." If any man ask, who is my neighbour? we reply, every man in the world; every child of his, who Is the Father of the Spirits of all flesh. Nor may we in auy wise except our enemies, or the enemies of God and their own souls. But every Christian Ioveth these also as himself, yea, aß Christ loveth us. He that would more fully understand what manner of love this is, may consider St. Paul's description of it It is " long suffering and kind. It envieth not, It is not rash or hasty in judging. Io is not purled up," but maketh him that loves, the least, the servant of all. Love " doth not behave itself unseemly, but bqcometh all things to all men." She seeketh not her own, but only the good of others, that they may be saved. Love is not provoked. It casteth out wrath, which he who hath is not " made perfect in love, lt tbinketh no evil. It rejoicethnot in iniquity, but rejoiceth in the truth. It coveretb all things, believeth all things, hopeth all things, endureth all things." (III.) 3. There is yet one thing more that may be sepa- rately considered, though it cannot actually be separate from the preceding, whioh is implied in the being alto- gether a Christian, and that is the ground of all, even Faith. Very excellent things are spoken of this throughout the Oracles of «¿od. "Every one, said the beloved disciple, that bolieveth, is born of God. To as many as received him, gave he power to become the Sons of God, even to them that be- lieve in his name. And, this is the viotory that overcometh the world even our faith. Yea, our Lord himself deolaros, "He that believeth in the Son, hath everlasting life ; and cometh not into condemnation, but is passed from death unto life." ' 4. But hera let no man deceive his own soul. " Ii is diligently to be noted, the faith which briugoth no! forth repenteuce, and love, and all good works, is no! that right living faith which is here spoken of, but e dead and devilish one. For even the devils believe that Ohrist was born of a virgin, that he wrought all kind pf miracles, declaring himself verv God ; that for our sakeB he suffered a most painful death, to redeem us from death everlasting ; that he rose again the third day ; that he ascended into heaven, and sitteth at the right hand of the Father, and at the end of the world shall come again to judge both the quick and the dead. These articles of our faith...the devils believe, and so they believe all that is written in the Old and New Testament. And yet for all this faith, they be but devils. They remain still in their damnable estate, lack- ing the very true Christian faith." 5\. " The right and true Christian faith is," to go on in the words of our own church, " notonly to believe that holy scripture, and the artioles of our faith are true, but »IBO to have a sure trust and «ontidence, to be i saved from everlasting damnation by Christ. It is a sure trust and confidence which a mon hath in Ged, , that by the meritB of Christ his sins are forgiven, and he reconciled to the favour of God-whereof doth follow a loving, heart, to oboy his command ; ments." I 6. Now, whosoever has this faith, which purifies the heart (by the power of God, who dwelleth therein) from pride, anger, desire,from all unrighteousness, from all filthiness of flesh and spirit ; whiob Alls it with love ' stronger than death, both to God and to all mankind} lore that doth the works of God, glorying to spend and be spent for all men, and that enduretn with joy, not only the reproach of Christ, the being mockod, despised, and hated of all men, but whatsoever the wisdom of God permits the malice of mon or devils to inflict ; who- soever has this faith, thus working by love, is not almost only, but altogether'a Christian. 7\. But who are the living witnesses of theae things? I beseech you, brethren, as in the presence of that God, before whom " hell and destruction are without a covering ; how much more che hearts of the children of men ;" that eaoh of you would ask hiö own heart . " Aua I of that number ? Do I so far practice- justice, meroy and truth, as even the rules of heathen honesty require ? If so, have I the very outside of a Christian ? The form of godliness ? Do I abstain from evil, from whatsoever is forbidden in the written word of God? Do I, whatever good my hand findetb to do", do it with my might? Do I seriously use all the ordinances of God at all opportunities ? And is all this (jone with a I sincere design and desire to please God in all things? JU. X. Jt -i Ji 10\. The God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, who now standeth in the midst of us, knoweth that if aiiy man die without this faith aud this love, good it were for him that lie had never been born. Awake, then, thou that sleepest, and call upon thy God : call in the day when he may be found. Let him not rest, till he "make his goodness to pass before thee, till he proclaim unto thee the name of the Lord. The Lord, the Lord God, merciful and gracious, long suffering, and abundant in goodness and truth ; keeping mercy for thousands, forgiving iniquity and trangression and sin. ' Let no man persuade thee by vain word«, to j rest short of this high prize of thy high calling. But cry unto hi»" day and night, who, while we were with- out strength, died for the ungodly, until thoa knowest i in whom thou hast believed, and canst say, " My Lord and my God." Remember, " always to pray and not to ' faint," till thou also canst lift up thy hand unto heaven, and declare to him that liveth tor ever and ever, " Lord, Thou knowest all things, thou knowest that I love thee." I ll. May we all thus experience what it ip, to be hot almost only, but altogether Christians ! Being justi- fied freely by his grace, through the redemption that is in Jesus:.knowing we have peace with God through Jesus Christ ; rejoicing in hope of the glory of God, and having the love of God shed abroad in our hearts, by the Holy Ghost given unto us ! 