Country Correspondence. ALBURY. (From our Correspondent.) 'Visit of Right Rev. Dr. Crane to the Border District. The village of Wodonga, situated on the Victorian side of the River, Murray is within few miles of Albury. The Catholics of the town and district having no resident clergyman nearer than Beechworth, some thirty miles off have been frequent visitors at St. Patrick's Church, Albury and in all cases of urgent calls application is made to the Albury priests. In such circumstances the Catholics of Wodonga are almost regarded as parishioners of the Albury mission. Sunday, the 4th June, has just claim's to be considered a memorable day by the Catholics of the district. Wodonga being situated in the Sandhurst diocese, the Right Rev. Dr. Crane visited the place and ad- ministered the Sacrament of Confirmation to about forty children of both sexes. A con- siderable number of the Wodonga Catholics being members of the Albury Hibernian Society, a large and respectable number went from the Albury branch, and having marched in pro cession arrayed in their imposing regalia con- tributed thereby to the splendor of the day's ceremony. It may be said that no such Catholic display way ever witnessed before in Wodonga as on this occasion. The Right Rev. Dr. Crane by his very appearance is entitled to the appella- tion venerable. From a hurried glimpse one would be inclined to think that, using Dr Bad- ham's classic expression, the X is on the wrong side of the L; there is a trifling paradox in having the right side called the wrong one. But although the silver hairs tell their tale the countenance is remarkably fresh and healthy the voice strong and powerful, and the limbs have such vigour and elasticity that all com bined give hopes that it will take three or four of the X's to make the first Catholic Bishop of Sandhurst to be a feeble aged man. May that be so. Pentecost Sunday falling this year on the 4th June, the Bishop's sermon was wholly devoted to the mysterious events and miraculous mani- festations connected with that glorious Sunday, the fiftieth day from that on which the world's Redeemer rose from the grave. "He is risen He is not here." When I hear a great sermon on the life and death and resurrection of the Redeemer of man, I really cannot comprehend how rational beings can can convince themselves that they are doing a service to their fellow-creatures by making the teaching of religion in schools a proscribed sub- ject. The Bishop selected for his test— ''Thou shalt send forth thy spirit, and they shall be created, and thou shalt renew the face of the earth.' There can be no doubt but his Lord ship sustains well the high reputation that pulpit; oratory in the metropolis of Ireland has obtained in Catholic annals. The sermon on this occasion, while it was admirably adapted to the audience and to the circumstances of the country, yet was eloquence of the highest order, and the wonder is, how could it be other wise when so many marvellous facts are to be narrated. The covenants of the Old Law, with types and prophecies, had to be fulfilled ; the angel's message to the Virgin at Nazareth the mysteries connected with Bethlehem, Calvary, Mount Olivet, had to be preached to an un- believing idolatrous world. The men selected for this duty, to all human appearance, seemed to be the least qualified that could be found among the sons of men. Paganism had its men of lore and science ; the Jewish nation had its great men— David, Daniel, Jeremiah, and Isaiah. Why not select such as these to carry the Gospel tidings to the distant nations and to the mighty potentates? The answer is, "God's ways are not as ours." The establishment of the Church must not be the work of King or Parliament, of science or philosophy, of states men or soldiers, but of God's Holy Spirit — the Spirit of Truth, Holiness, and Fortitude. The humble, illiterate, timid fishermen will, when animated by God's Spirit be the chosen instru- ments, and in their personal character and sanctity attest the power and efficacy of the Paraclete, the third person of the Triune God, who was promised to abide with the Apostles and their successors while the world lasts. It is with reluctance I bring myself to leave off referring to the grand truths and sentiments given from the Gospels, and the Acts of the Apostles. The early persecutions of the Church, with its impressive and signal triumphs, were remarkably well told. His Lordship alluded, in very eloquent terms, to the merits of the present Pope, whom he looks up to as one of the greatest pontiffs that ever sat in the chair of Peter ;' great in his Christian meekness and charity, great in his calm resignation to God's, will, and his unshaken confidence and reliance on God's omnipotent power. His Lordship dwelt much on the character of St. Peter. The Gospels being his imperfections and demerits into prominent notice, but after the descent of the Holy Ghost human weakness, cowardice, ignorance and unfaithfulness for ever disappear and the formidable opposition to be encountered among Jews and Gentiles has neither terror nor alarm for the prince of apostles. He enters boldly on the overthrow of idolatry and dispels the illusions of false science ; the learned sages of Greece, Rome, and Egypt, are awed and con- founded by the extent and sublimity of the fisherman's knowledge. Such was Peter when directed, not by by the impulsive zeal manifested on the Paschal Eve, but when the Holy Spirit is communicated to his soul. By one or two sermons the conversion of thousands are effected, while miracles the most illustrious hear testimony to his mission, zeal, and sanctity. Such was the manner in which the words of the text were fulfilled, "They shall renew the face of the earth." His Lordship concluded a very elequant and instructive discourse by an earnest solemn prayer that the Holy Spirit would descend on all present, and enable them to fulfill their Christian obligations, keep the commandments of God, and live and die in the practice of faith, hope, and charity. I may add that The Right Rev. Dr. Crane, during his stay in the district, was the guest of the Very Rev. Dr. McAlroy, V.G. After visiting on Monday the schools connected with St. Patrick's Church Albury, his Lordship took his departure by the midday train from Wodonga. 3rd June. 