MUSIC AND DRAMA. ' Nothing extenuate, nor set down attffht in malice.' Tiiehe are probably few populaces in any part of the world so keenly alive as ours to the merits of good acting. An Australian audience is intensely critical. If it finds fault, it is with good reason ; and if it passes the verdict of ap. proval upbn high- class acting, there is little room to doubt, the ability of the actor. Efforts which would find faveu«' in a London theatre would fall flat, nay, would in soma instances be condemned, in Sydney and Melbourne. And there is nothing surprising- in thin, for the constitution of thn nit. which ir reallv tha moHt noisil v damnnRtrAiiva nart of the house, is quite different, in the two places. la England it is composed of the homely artisan and his family — simple, little educated, not half comprehending half they see, and quite willing to be pleased. In Australia it is composed of the working classes also, but of very different intelligence. You will hear two plain-looking \- men, who have just emerged from rho pit and are discussing their half -pint of beer and tobacco at the bar of a public- house, entering into a grave dissertation upon the merits of G. V. Brooke and Barry Sullivan, Walter Montgomery and Charles Kean, and comparing those of each and all of them with the talent of the last candidate for popular favour. In London tke same two men would have summed up the performance with the simple remark, ' Well, he's a slap-up hactor, aint he ?' Mr. George D. Chaplin, who made his debut here at the Theatre Royal on Saturday evening as Macbeth, comes from the United States, but has very little flavour of the American about him. His voice is deep, expressive, and rioh-tcned, but there is no tinge of the Yankee in bis accent. His figure is tall and well- proportioned, and he has an easy and unaffected carriage, free from the ordinary stage stride frequently to be observed in tragedians even of the best class. He is capable of great things, and, being as yet but at the outset of his career, will probably achieve reputation when at the zenith of his power. But at tha present time he ib not likely, in the grand tragedies of our poet, to make an impression equal to the enthusiasm created by other artiste who have preceded him. He is an actor of great ability, and of whose impersonations muoh is to be spoken in favour ; but he has not vet attained, or only partially, that almost divine gift by which it is possible for the few men and women to whom it has been vouchsafed, to rouse their auditors into enthusiasm, to awaken every emotion, to enlist every sympathy. I maintain this with every respect for the opinions of many whom I have heard speaking in high terms of eulogy of Mr. Chaplin; indeed I do not disparage his merit myself. He if oa the ladder, but not on the topmost rungs. Deferring for the present any remark upon hip Richelieu, I shall proceed to comment upon his impersonation of Macbeth. In the first act he was rather disappointing. Fi« style lacked the fierce majesty with which we are accus tomed* to invest the victorious Macbeth, accustomed to domineer and rule, and then in the full zenith of his fame. Macbeth, be it observed, was only weak and vacillating in his own house ; abroad he was the stern commaader, the imperious general, the haughty chieftain. This is marked throughout the whole of his career, as sketched by the author. He is always accorded prominence, respect, and authority, even by his brother thanes. Viewed from thia point then, Mr. Chaplin's demeanour was rather too quiet. His encounter with the witches, and his subsequent one with the thanes sent from the king to greet him, passed somewhat tamely ; and the fine soliloquy commencing Two truths are told As happy prologues to the swelling- act Of the imperial theme \v;is not marked by a sufficient abstraction and depth of thought. Nor did he improve in the subsequent dialogue with Lady Macbeth, in which the assassination is urged or the thane's remorseless and ambitious partner. These are two of the most effectives scenes in the tragedy, affording to the artist the utmoBtopportunity for the pourtrayal of the various emotions of doubt, irresolution, and ultimate, resolve. I need not dwell upon the soliloquy commencing ' If 'twere done when 'tis done,' so familiar to the merest tyro in Shakespere, and which is, undoubtedly, one of the gems of the piece. Mr. Chaplin's delivery is in good taste; it is accurate in point of elocution ; but it lacks power ; it is not inspired with that Promethean spark that would have clothed the words of the poet with a vitality entirely carrying the sympathies of the auditory. The soliloquy closes: I have no spar To prick the sides of my intent but only Vaulting ambition, which o'erieaps itself And falls on the other. 'The usual method of delivering this u to canst th» interruption of the chain of thought by tfoj snddea estrr of Lady Macbeth, on whoa her husband unaubatolr pounces with the conclusion of the line ' How now '. ?. what news?' — the whole forming an effective aad natural interpretation of the passage. Bat Mr. Chaplin adds the word 'tide,' making it- ' And falls on the other side ' — which, is by no means an improvement. Of the dialogue which follows, I may repeat what I observed before, namely, that Mr Chaplin is not wanting in aecurtcy or finish : be is wanting in dtpih. However, he improves in the second act. The dagger soliloquy he gives artistically, bat not with the grapbio power that may be infused into it. Upon hi* disappearance into I)ancanfs chamber there is introduced a vision of the weird sis leys, as in triumph, which is a novel and picturesque, effect. Mr. Cii*plia'6 acting upon his return with the blwdy dapper is w.irrhy ! every commendation. The murderer's whole tram^ ?« in an j agony of horror; the general who has looked on ii-Mtha thousand times has been vanquished bv the si^hr of the blood- bedabbled Duncan and the cm*c outness of the p-ailt of murder. Every nerve quivers, und nature is completely overthrown : even the tones of his own voice confound him, and he confers in agonized whispers with the partner of his guilt. Mr. Chaplin's delineation of this is really admirable, and perhaps his most successful effect ia the play. Afterwards he again falls oil. When Lenix abruptly inquires, ' Goes the king hence to-dty ?' the assassin, conscience-6tricken by the question, is paralyzed for a moment, and returns my answer, s- that the qu-;ry is repeated, when he replies confusedly, ''Hedoes; he' did appoint so,' obviously taking refuge from the first asser tion in en equivoque. This is an excellent idea, bnt Mr. Chaplin fails to convey it so as to nuke it telling and appre ciable by all. His bearing and general delivery in the banonet scene were very commendable. He causes the murderer who comes with the tidings of Banquo' s assassina tion to affect to bring wine to him, and to communicate the intelligence while serving the king upm his knee. This is a great improvement upon the usual style, in which the murderer sneaks on as though he had came, with a design' on the 'royal plate, and is immediately conferred with, by Macbeth ; an act which would have roused the sus picion of his guests. The declamatory passages where the frenzied Macbeth hurls defiance at Banquo's ghost were excellently given, though I prefer not to see the actual Banquo acting his own appari tion- It is too much like a practical joke put upon the guilty king, and can be but a reminiscencte of the barbarous days of the drama, when everything was repre sented by the most homely appliances, even fair ladies bein°r enacted by men, who to conceal their beards wore fanciful mat ks. To see a solid, substantial, flesh-and-blood Banquo come stalking is, with most umpeotre-like strides, is rather a disillusion; and why after all may not the apparition haye been but a trick of the tyrant's fevered imagination, like tfae 'air-drawn dagger ?' A tragedian of talent could have no difficulty in indicating his meaning. But if the ghost mmt be present in proprid persona, why must he walk in and take a chair, and then be literally chased away by Macbeth, to re-enter and repeat the same business ? The ' stage directions are, ' The Ghost of Banquo rises, and sits in Macbeth' s place.' ' Ghost disappears.' 'Ghost rises again,' ' Ghost disappears.' Nor is there the slightest evidence that Macbeth ever stirs from the place where he delivers his denunciation ; indeed it-does not seem natural to suppose that he would— he would rather have been rooted to the floor with horror. Again, another stage tradition whioh is manifestly wrong : The ghost is 6aid to occupy Macbeth' solace — namely, the chair reserved for him ; indeed Lenox, to whom of course the ghost was in visible, observes with reference to the place where it was sitting, ' Here's a place reserved, 6ir.' Yet Macbeth and Lady Macbeth invariably have thrones placed for them ou a dais at the upper end of the banqueting-hall, whilst the chair upon which the ghost is to sit is left expressly about the centre of the stage. Passing over the , fourth act, on whioh there is little or nothing to lemark, we come to the fifth. In this Mr. Chaplin displayed muoh tragic fire, and altogether made an 'extremely good impression. It is in the more stirring parts of the tragedy that he excels; business which appeals to the understanding and the emotion alone does not seem to be his forte. I cannot conclude without observing that his costumes were in very bad taste. His regal robes were thoroughly out of keeping, and outraged every rule as to unities of time and characW; and at Dun sioane be was not attired in armour of any description. I have little to say of the playing. The tragedy wai put upon the .stage with an attention to detail and general com pleteness reflecting great credit upon the management. The costumes were in good taste ; those of ths Queen's attendant ladies rich and expansive. The music was given in its entirety by a full and well-trained chorus, led by Mies Tilly Andrews as the singing witch, and Mr. Simmons as Hecate — both of whom did very well. Miss Andrews's pretty little voice was heard to much advantage in this music Mrs. E. Holloway was a very unequal Lady Macbeth. Mr. W. J. Holloway was a fair Macduff. Mr. ? J. G. Joyce's Duncan, and Mr. J. P. West's Boss may fairly be considered the two best assumptions, of the piece; the principal character . being, of course, out of considera tion. The reign of ' Nell' still progresses merrily at the Victoria Theatre, and crowds of people nightly find delight in her unique assumptions. Her plays are all alike so far as plot is concerned. There is an injured heiress who has been defrauded of a colossal fortune by an unscrupulous villain that regards murder as a mere pastime. The heiress, in order to watch him, disguises herself as a larrikin, a Dutch girl, an old woman,an exquisite, and an Irishwoman— always the three former, and sometimes the two latter into the bargain. In these costumes, assisted by her friends, she haunts the much- tormented villain, and watches, as it were, over all his nefarious schemes, until he is ultimately brought to a retributive punishment. . Sometimes the con struction of the play is more ingenious, sometimes less ; but the plot is always the same. 80 are the songs, dances, solos, '' ? and duets. What is the moral of these plays? Do they ' hold as it were the mirror up to nature?' Are they clever? Are they improving ? What, then, is the attrac tion in them? 'A little folly now and then is relished by the wisest men,' and ' Nell*' as a sort of dramatic alterative, may be very refreshing. But this steady continuance of enthusiasm and blindness to every excellence in the shape of legitimate drama — and that, too, on the part of a really intelligent and critical populace, as I have shown ours to be — ib really rather bewiltterinfr. The present play is styled .'Baby.' There is a disinherited heiress. There is a 1 MiiotimoniuB hypocrite, who recKlessly forges, robs, murders, and ownmits baseness of the most complicated and ingenious kind. He ties a man on a railway, extinguishes the lamp of a lighthouse, incarcerates a sane victim in a lunatic asylum — what does he not do? 'Nell' disguises herself, sings, dances, and makes herself and the audience, gene rally, happy. Mr. Giddens is also upon the wicked indi vidual's track. He is a lawyer's clerk, but subsequently becomes an old clergyman (in which charicter he takes part in a comio medley duet) and an. assistant at the lunatic asylum, dressing both characters with marvellous accuracy. : All sorts of extraordinary business is gone through, and ultimately, of course, Virtue triumphs. Clever little 'Nell!' BE1MA. 