Sa3i Slick tells a story of a traveller who was suddenly called upon to drive a team of horses, by reason of the driver being temporarily disabled. " "Wade in, young un, and hit 'em up, " but look out for that, wall-eyed cuss " on the off lead. He's the worst iu " the team, but what he wants in going, " he mates up in blow." We sincerely commend this anecdote to the notice of our contemporary, the Gunrfiiaii—guardian of what it is impossible to say, exceptiug, perhaps, of a gas meter, standing by—iu face and form like Quilp when deluding Sampson Brass—in eager joy at the great idea of putting out the light, letting the people of Kyneton rash the platform, '.vn-j L.17:' 7;*: '-iU -an '-"HLO ever. r<;'»casc<i • -us—by pukUhiti; a I_vip.sr r- port of ' popular iu<Unnafiat! .v_-a : r!tT s-hf tiicr.--wallers " Suuii a rirtfian undouiuedU «.oseryed i--'»nvii£m ; r-uui^HiJiTiT, avl --ot ui t ieven ] f < "ti lyes v "ere placed —aiT'-agst whom w:!* .It-- J.OJ. ss- iTTj.Tlcr—1'-. 'JJJN atni'ivh :"Vt Coiumr>e eoii s i...ht. '-f--"-i lien i a'wrr.r. y<"i : •!'l- ll' '-!• ii n i.-'.-e:."-- r-'i. :'ii d'- r. ;Ł i.- true his brain is so oense mai tiic uuiy blowing up he can perform is oue from the Bench, where, seated at the side of the Police Magistrate, he illustrates the dignify of a J.P. by fining people for the heinous offence of keeping goats, and strives to ignore his own heap of offia'—which, it is scarcely necessary to say, is something impossible to do, since where the carcase is the offal must be. A pander to the .Government can choose, when he is personally interested, to wag his head at justice, and defy laws made for ordinary people. But even getting himself detested in Kyneton leaves a little spare time, and we see the issue in the last abortion, of Wednesday. The old story of the frog and the ox is reiterated. The climax of absurdities has arrived, for the Kyneton, Guardian attacks the Bendigo Advertiser. We presume that our contemporary will treat this insect with good- humoured contempt, but—and we. simply quote Armstrong on Justice—" if a nuisance is at your door, you have a perfect " right to remove it." And in doing so, we are only fulfilling a duty to society, which should be the great aim of an honest journalist. To be'plain, then, this uufortuuate and ignorant fellow, who, by dint of assiduous boot-licking, has worked his way into sitting in judgment on far better men than him-, self, has thought fit, in an article remarkably 6olely for its utter absence of grammer or sense, to make a personal attack. Scotchmen are generally credited with shrewdness • but this shock-headed specimen forgets the old proverb concerniuglglass houses. He, a magistrate, allows the. name of a notorious swindler still to disgrace the board ofan institute of which ne is the treasurer; and strangers who visit Kyneton, reading the code of rules as set forth at the corner of a main street, and knowing the śtory «f the defaulter as copied into the Melbourne papers, must have a very queer opinion concerning the Kyneton- Mechanics'' Institute, and speculate ón the time when the treasurer will join his friend, who though absent isr doubtless ever dear. In saying-this we have not the slightest intention of casting-any reflection on the rest of the Institute committee. With such an energetic spirit as fhey possess In their treasurer,-St is their misfortune, and not their fault,that he; has not yet removed thć tiame -of his ; departed friend from "the offended sight of honest-men. There is such a thing as "putting an inconvenient friend safely away." Johnny Armstrong, the notorious border thief, was ' goodlt that sort of thing, but then he look his friend across his saddle bow, land dropped him s®fdv out of tbe debateable land- He knew nothing of seeing a friend off 1)Y the half-past eight train, after a fnendly whiskey, shake of tbe hand, and parting advice to stick to Whatlie hpd got,-and straight- r<w Such , fellows are. eimply unwashed hypocrites; and it is ouly the fatuous idea that their rascality is not perceived that pulls them through. But the pitcher may go to the well once too often; and great as the proprietor of the offal-heap may fancy liimself on top of his congenial garbage, he will discover, if he ever has the nerre .-to desceud from his olfactory selection, that lie not a cock of the game, hut a very ordinary dung-fowl, and one of that low sort with all the vices, and none of the virtues, of his breed. The homely insult, " You are a liar,'; W,1s fei r 80 ' ^ ^ Victoria is concerned, to be obliterated by an equivalent, "You are a Member of Parliament." The manner in which the present misrepre- • « £ > RS! E Ł / V E L M R L E D I the ready ne at each other dunne the ? -rf,^!)': wsifinifct'ertrUnly nrtonndini; ; hnT ffiuntw r in tvlitch it hn a i ' . y !>«!a. nveircV pro^y aę i 'mints ti»» of rhc im-jii .n?ton—is | pr-vv-iead on a ' or lGni*irr---the • of 0 -Kr-: • 7 vi'T,fiin-n, hw, t:-' Mvpr. iarn-nti ; -rnrtfn hi>= ':'" rt '- r-HCP :.hc- ilOVO !lf 3 tran 'j'., 5 Ararat ^ears h • iff- pn:r!fKhai "ulea'- o-xri-t-ssion. b-. i h:.''ll>-i»n ś»lceB '<•{" os" windinc T?tr t.ir, < s',ju> " c'. b' rent, t.sd ile o.r.r- •łrdlr swinine si<<cc.v.-'.red beneath it. And strongly as we must condemn "Sir Woods for the mode of his exposing this blustering Hector, we cannot feel grateful that one of the greatest nuisances m the Assembly —a man who has lived for years purely upon his reputation of being able to do something—lias been thus properly shown up. The whole scene, however, as the Arqits gives it, reads as a rich burlesque—indeed, few burlesques have such points of humour in them. " What would they say in England ?" ac the old song has it, to hear that the Chairman of Committees mildly remarked that for one memberto call another a coward was not exactly Parliamentary language ? Or how would they take if say Sir Yernon Harcourt remarked to Mr Charley, "D -n your eyes ; "come outside, and M punch your " head, d d quick ?" (Our readers will see that these are not our own words, but strictly Parliamentary lan- <ruaee, as "ner subjoined para<n-aph.{ Then, after this lively proceedin <r. Mr Disraeli, as Premier, cot upon his less, and. to use the words of the Argus, " depre- " catcd the use of offensive language " in debate." But comment is altogether lost upon such a proceeding, and we leave the paragraph from the Aryu? !o«t. his- .->1' « .-."t' r.rosei-.-'Cs. Wi-ilc rb» ) v.rr- oi' :;i• • arri-vi?i-ł si'ifll.drivcr? i Mr M'T-c- mtc;-*".if.ix«' with n.r®v Woids rc-Tilii ^ • bv j . Uinr'k. an "i ranro'crai,«... i<y:i» of.uuore^f or itiv ł \- h<w. momlver fcr 7trarat-. 5fr M'L-t'l- I " 'ac intr:-,-'! ii-d. 'l' v.-af. :i.",'.-fr : •• trullti i,i iiuch <-o:hj»jct 'as y.<a woro.' • >rr \fr>od8 warmly replies," Ynt'. ar-= ••vKf-ra.' The €hn " •-•<;•• that sudi l»ua>:yr< •im r-.i " ijamentarv. Mr Woods sa'.d tkar " he would not withdraw unless " the hon. member for Ararat withdrew "his offensive observation. Then. " growing verv wrath, the hon. member "for Orowlands said, excitedly, ad- " dressing the hon- member for Ararat " ' You are a coward, and if you will " s3 V what rou said just now outside, I " will punch your head. I will do so " now, d -d quick.' Mr Woods " then hurriedly left the Chamber as if challenging his enemy to follow, but " Mr M'Lellan remained immovable. " The Chairman said such conduct could " not be permitted. Sir James M'Cul- " loch also deprecated the use of offen- " sive language in debate, but no further " notice was taken." ' 1 I ! ! The enquiry into the Brough Smyth business, if it answers no other purpose, must surely serve to shew the depths of degradation to which a Civil Servant may be reduced. It must be painful to the feelings of any person who claims the title of man, to read of these poor wretches at three hundred a year, listening to the sound of the gong, and taking nips of brandy to nerve their courage before venturing into the presence of the dreaded ogre. But pity gives place to contempt when we read of men being absolutely moved to tears—like a young lady over a fashionable novel—by this satrap of the Mines Department. For those who can tamely submit to such treatment—who, dog-like, turn and lick the boot that kicks them, we can have no sympathy. ' For the sake of a liberal salary—for fhe flesh pots of Egypt—they have sold ^themselves, and cannot grumble at their loŁ Even when such an eccentric-genius - as Mr Brongh Smyth—.BougfiSmythwould be a far more appropriate designation—-chooses to fling at his subservients the most blood-stirring insults, it seems that "these souls compounded of milk and water patiently endured them, solacing themselves with .the great fact that the four weeks would bring a monthly cheque in spite of all he could say. But while regarding the vagaries of Mr Brough Smyth with a feeling akin to amusement at the idea of such a man ever having been appointed to the control of a Government department, it must strike all who have reason Ithat if such a hotbed of mismanagement^ thus revealed :by choice, what must be the condition of other Goveminent o?ices in which no outbreak has occurred 3 The Civil Services has been ! elevated to such a prominent position in "Victoria that thequalifications for its entry h*ve been made the subject of a social ^ ^ ^ t oasion toallude toUiefalseprideoEparente fou5t « m S ttelr *»"l<lren on the public revenue, instead of teaching them to strike out a manly and independent course for themselves If; anfltayihing were Wanting 'to confirm Jhe opinion we then expressed, surely the enquiry, now proceeding j?roaM Civil Service working is highly desirable.; People who employ senwats hivje alright j to an equitable semce in retiim fpr«ihej waxes paid. BuVat present the^popularidea of a Government clerk is that of a fashionably attired individual, who amuses himself by snubbing his masters—the public—during office hours, and doing the cheap aristocrat in his own time. Surely sucli a state of things as we have seen re vealed by the Mines Office investigation will not be allowed to continue. It is a disgrace to the colony that men can be found who can thus live between a smile and a blow. As to Mr Brough Smyth, we say nothing, beyond remarking that if it is true by sheer bullying he drove several subsidiaries to their graves, it only shews that men can. be made to give up their lives in defence of their salaries. We do not want spaniels as oar public servants, but mca. And the best step that could be takeiij would be to make the public offices disgorge about half of those dainty gentlemen u-Jio are living upon the State, and sc-.iid tliftn to gain a living as best they may. Tb irr would have to work harder, but they K Oii'a be infinitely more independent, and I)•••Id tlii ir heads higher with the self-con iv> Sua! present System, of wholesale p '. i- i: .1 into the Civil Services is to go or:, and 'such astounding luminaries as Mr Sis.ytii are madeehiefs of departments, we r.-.-.y exi'ect tofind in Melbourne a race rosri -sing, according to the Darwinian ihtfcij - , through constant grovelling and boot-licking; and the common remark will be heard, when, an unpleasant-looking monkey is seeen going alone on all fours, " Oh! that is a Civil Servant." Mr Robert Orr, of PastoriaJ who is about to leave the district for a lengthened period, has resolved to dispose, at an early date, of his magnificent herd of Herefords, the reputation of which extend throughout the colonies. Mr Orr has literally won prizes bv the dozen at one show, and has at all of"them where he exhibited his well knowr. " white faces " been at the top of the tree. We sincerely hope that some of these grand cattle may be secured by local purchasers. Up to ten o'clock last night only twelve petsons took out electors' rights at the Kyneton registrar's office; but he was busily engaged all day with a large number who called taascertain whether their names were on the roll. It would therefore seem that the people of Kyneton as a rule, have been careful to protect their elactoral rights. Mr Eugene Gregory, inspector of weights and measures, has shewn the Trenthamites that he is by no means to be caught napping. Yesterday, at the Trenthain polics court he prosecuted in three cases. Denis Delaney, for having a weight 5 drachms light, was fined 2s Cd, and the same amount in costs. The same person, for three wrong scales, was fined £1, and £3 14s 6d costs. Bridget Regan, for wrong steelyard, ilea on >!Łi'i: : If mt a i'-. Is ilarch. ihe [i.iuiif'. u. rtnirk. i'.-i-s Tcau tr.jM lhi- I>' VosiV'tti i Coi::icil'r -owust • -"t tbe n'Kiviiy ' the -""'".-rtW-i jtlci'way ;it.iti m"^.-yg; . 1,-fiPt .^-..lillv- 1 !'? ii"' 1 "' S'Sw rival of -che mffi^ łrliti'-: .-a.l^tusrli p^siao ii.crc'!! ii<liiht I-'I^Hi^i t . i:r. law fw for p-Jftai:-. The i^oef nroriw.i out werar M\,. HiorS i<S\\. uliniicŁ with this it- sest. n: stat?.^ -t n»u!<l n-n lie »fc< 3 t Tile ki.^t | '•cribs irit'orni-jd 1 '•-•mi.-il uir.1 iii• i«oit;t "aa<l l-orti -n^ed. t'..-.l t' . i Wóodend postmister ha i be n initrucftd to clear the box five minutes before the arrival of the mail trains, and not to exact payment of the late postage fee. The secretary said he had received and distributed it Woodend printed instructions relative to the treatment of scarlet fever;- - The Council declined to send delegates to tbe. Melbourne Shire Conference. A letter was received, jbut no action taken, from the Hampden Shire CounciL urging regulation of the width of tires. A quantity of miscellaneous correspondence was gone through. The report of the committee on the Shire debt was adopted, as also the engineer's report. It was resolved to apply for a timber reserve and also a sheep yard at Woodend. The month's accounts were passed and the meeting adjourned. One of these dens of infamy which are known to exist in the Chinese quarter of Little Bourke- street, but which are so difficult ' to discover, from the careful maimer in which they are Concealed, was broken up by Detective Fook Sing on Monday. It is a house occupied by a Chinaman, surrounded by a number of Celestials, the detective found two girls, the eldest seventeen years of age and the youngest fourteen, named respectively Mary and Elizabeth George, who are supposed to have been induced to go to the place by a woman who makes her living by receiving presents from Chinamen for aiding them in their infamous practices. The two girls were brought before the City Bench on Tuesday, and remanded until Friday next, when they will be again brought forward and required to give evidence against Wah Wing, the keeper of the house, who was arrested on warrant on Tuesday afternoon. " A young woman named Ellen Bourke, aged seventeen years, had a very narrow escape on Tuesday afternoon. She was crossing the railway line, about 350 yards from the Moonee Ponds station, on the way to the house of her master, when the 4.50 dowń train passed. She appeared to lose all presence of mind,'and although s~hehad sufficient time to get out of the way, she failed to doso, and, falling down, the train passed over her hand. She was picked up insensible and removed to the Melbourne Hospital, where her injuries were attended to. •- ."i - ; . " Some people* are always terribly inearnest There appeared in the Mel- bourne^irjHs recently," tbe Nem Zealand Times says, "an article entitled 'the Black Death^in Melbourne.' The article, as anyone might have seen at a glance, was .what is termed in newspaper language a skit, and purported at its conclusion to be an extract from the Argus monthly summary of 1878. fft was intended to draw., attention to the want of sanitary precautions in Melbourne, which might in a year or two entail a 'fearful' plague. But it was taken by many as a record of; actual facts that had occuiTed, notablv by the editor of the Dnftedin Evening Jfaus, and by some one nearer Wellington, who wrote it ont with Lis scissors for ^łils own paper. And it -received its latest -interest last night, when an. itinerant preacher on the Queen's Wharf, Wellington, drew, the' attention of his hearers to itj aud warned thejn to pYepare -before the visit of the black -death here,-so that -they shouldHotidie /tiphouBeled, disappointed,- ainanel'dj no reckoning made, ibut fient to xheir aćx_ crante with ill. all' -Tl' J.t_ their M imperfections * ..r oil thpjr&Batu.; j \- Yesterday morning, between 11 and-JS o'clock, some pers^f bmke into ? wooden building^ theTear of the United: Methodist . Free _ 6 Church, . - Church , .i—--* street, c™n, South Richmond. The caretaker,^. the church arrived on the scene while the burglars were in possession, having in his hand an axe with which he had been doing some work. Li the scuffle with one of those who had broken into the building he was slightly inj ured by the back of the axe. The culprits escaped, but as they can he indentified, it is expected that the police will have no great trouble in looking them up. A shocking accident happened on Tuesday evening to. a lad named Thomas William Haytoon, aged fifteen years. He accidentally stepped into a copper of boiling fat at Braybrook, where he resided, and sustained such severe scalds that his removal to the Melbourne Hospital was necessitated. He now lies in a very precarious condition. A gross case of cruelty to a dog occurred on Sunday afternoon at the Saltwater River. A few gentlemen were taking a trip up the river in a small steamer, and after proceeding a little way a valu- able collie dog, belonging tJ one of the gentlemen, was seen following the boat, alternately running up the bank and plunging into the river in order to reach his master When opposite Mr Fisher's pr-oj>riij-A timn in tliat gentleman's cm pin v- carne down with a gun, and deliberately shot at the dog while it was swimming. The gentleman in the boat remonstrated with the fellow, but to no purpose. He continued running after them for two miles and on getting another opportunity shot the dog in the head while he was swimming in the middle of tbe river. No reason can be assigned for the brutal act. —Age. At a meeting of the Alexandra Rechabite Tent held on Saturday night, when the usual question was -put: " Has anyone broken the pledge V' George Sutherland, an office-bearer, rose and said, " Yes, I have ;" took off his badge and went to another seat, where he immediately dropped down dead. At an inquest held yesterday a verdict of death from enlargement of the heart was returned. The deceased was a boundary rider ; he leaves a wife and five young children poorly provided for. A case which, in all probability, will be brought under the notice of the Attomey-General occurred at the sitting of the Belfast Police Court on Monday last (states the Banner). A lad was charged under the Police Offences Statute by the police, on the sworn information "of Mr Charles Ruffle, one of our local J's. P., with discharging firearms in a public place. The charge was a trumpery affair and not sustained by the evidence. At one period Mr Ruffle attempted to address the Bench, but he was stopped by Mr Fowling, who contended tliat as the police were conducting the prosecution Mr Ruffle had no locus standi. The Bench sustained Mr Polling's objection, wheieupou Mr Ruffle, finding himself beaten, to the astonishment of everyone in the Court, immediately took his seat upon the Bench and proceeded to give his version of t.l,P sfiy;,-, +),« rn»,»t5n.e sitting ;!idL''-.'ju'icta i-- v.r.o. r-'iir-y prccixi-nttvl in En :i?h-Fpcikii;j: cimiuu.- ' nilw*. atid fi:?b e nilaet n ti>b p-irt . ? \ a inv.'Khr;^ haj du<ac-'d >audt!n?v i lov.-r the ui*m:v t.f C..* a:,.'- >:ttmespor.ik r. t W'xtf* Vanhu-.. 'iŁMiti.: "Jrivv". S-.-j.r-- W Za-:.:ii"t7 ".•• :tli ci.a! Sci Jiiv:. • .v altera rfi.vv.:.. Morm. .>.'i.. i ji.->nd(nt, who is a naval officer:—"a sight was presented that made the crew stand aghast—nothing less than a great sea-serpent engaged in a conflict with a whale. It had wound itself twice round the whale, and was twisting it with tremendous velocity, lasliing the water into foam. The noise could be distinctly heard on board, and after battling for some time both disappeared. The serpent's length cannot be imagined. It had two coils round a full sized sperm whale, with 30 feet clear at each end. Its diameter was from 3 to 4 feet The crew aud officers differed only in one respect; some imagined it larger. They saw it twice afterwards. Once it came very close to the vessel and raised itself 60 feet out of the water as if about to attack them. The crew and officers armed themselves with axes to repel the attack, which however was not made. I have questioned the men and officers, trying to find out any discrepancy between tlieir statements, but am a convert to the belief that it was seen." Another naval officer writes to the Western Morning jVews to the same effect, and the officers of Her Majesty's ship on the station are said to be convinced of the truth of the story. The " Baron business" cropped up again on Tuesday, when, as the Argus says, the custoinaiy annual Baron von Mueller discussion arose in the Legislative Assembly, when the vote for the Government botanist was proposed. Mr Mackay and some others deplored the circumstance that a man of the Baron's high scientific attainments should be placed iń a position in which his services were lost to the colony. On the other hand it was shown that the baron by his extreme impractibility had brought his position on himself; that after spending £150,000 on the Botanicgardens he haid left them a howling wilderness ; that he had persistently resisted the efforts of successive Governments to put him oc a prdper- footing ; and that he bad even declined to take his whole salary as a pension on condition'that he did -nothing. Mr MT)ermott urged that allowance should be-made for the eccentricities' of genius, and said If the baron had been treated as a philosopher instend of being gxpected tp.he a .practical jnan, he would nave been a great success. He'jsuggested that the item of £300 forcollectirig botanical specimens, clerical assistance, &c.; should be increased to £600. Mr Majcpherson undertook, before the next Esti- mates were prepared to. see that the Government-botanist had sufficient funds at his disposal to "carry out .the work he was expected "to perform for the state. Mr Hanna expressed a sincere desire that something should be done towards "laying this infernal ghost," and bluntly remarked that the only outcome of Baron Mueller's scientific exertions in this country, had been the importation of " enough" brass buttons and : leather- medals' -to fill" a bitreL ,.f , .:•„, 'f ; The residents of Portarlmgton ^says pie Gceloii? Advertiser) were rather surprised a few since to find that, -notwithstanding there was no imrtiediate probability iof'an flection for South Grant, a candidate w^s in tjie field. A person appeared at one of tl}e leading hotels and declared himself ,io be a candidate for the suffrages of the free •andindependentelectors oftbe large and important;,co ni^itueiicy.--of- SouthGrant. Be jrery liberally invited 20 or 30 of his would-be constituents into the parlor of the hotel, and, j^iilsthedijioonraed to them oB fcoliticfll cooaomy, be veiy extrava- eanUy causec^ the champagne and the durst of h« h e ^ to be satefied. As he spoke of the love he tiy, and his ardent desire to serve it, nis purse strings unloosed again, aud once more the glasses were filled. His hearers had by this time—hand in hand—sworn to stand by him, and form his committee for the " onion" district, when it was found necessary to leave the hotel they were in, as all the champagne was gone— a very important consideration. Another " pub " was visited,, the candidate, being just as liberal as before, until he, with his faithful followers, one by one became unconscious of things mundane, thus ending the " wooing of their sweet voices." Nothing more has since been heard of him. People have a shrewd guess who this gentleman was. A case showing how careful persons in business should be in cashing cheques for a friend at a bank came under the notice of a jury of four in the Supreme Court on Tuesday, Mr Justice Stephen presiding. On the 8th March last a farmer named Harrington, living in the Murchison district, requiring some ready money, went down to O'Brien's hotel, at Arcadie, nine miles and a half from Murchison, to get a cheque cashed. The cheque was drawn on the National Bank, Euroa, by a Mr Dyason. O'Brien could not cash it, and a traveller named Jones, well-known in that district., pas?iiMt by-»t the time, jrcus asked to get the cheque cashed at the Bank of Victoria, Murchison. The manager cashed it, but on presentation it was dishonored. Considerable correspondence took place between the Bank of "Victoria, Harrington, O'Brien, and Jones as to who should pay the cheque, and finally the latter was brought to the Supreme Court, the bank claiming the £21 paid to him as money due to them. Jones contended that as he only took the cheque to the bank as the messenger of O'Brien, he could not be held liable. The jury, however, gave the bank a verdict, leaving Jones to seek his remedy against O'Brien. 