1 , WARREGO. -í-: November 11. The drought continues, and appearances at present are much worse than last year at commencement of summer, for then there was a spring in the grass, whereas now there is not the ghost of such a thing. The heat is fearful. The quicksilver for the last ten days has registered an average of 105 deg. in the shade-maximum 110 deg., lowest maximum 102 deg. These readings are from the thermometers in Charleville and on the Paroo and Bulloo. If rain do not come soon, it will be very disastrous for a large number of persons in tbiB district. Out west the water-ia failing rapidly, and many squatters on the Bulloo and Paroo are already " dried out," and have to travel their stock. Most of the squatters out there go further west and northerly-out to Cooper's Creek, Barcoo, &c.; Theie are some holding on till the last moment, hoping for rain, at the terrible risk of not being able to go at all should the dry weather continue. Shearing is a trying ordeal at present for all concerned. It is progressing slowly at Oakwood end Gowrie. I do not know if they have commenced yet at Burenda. I saw they were adver ising shearing prices there at 3s Od per score. Unless they have advanced on that price, I should say, in the present season, scarcity of labor, and high price of rations, it will not be easy to get the wool off, Dillalah has finished shear- ing. Rven those stations that have the luck to get the sheep through the shod early will have to keep their wool on hand for avery long while. Carriers cannot travel, the scarcity of feed is so great. Carriage prices are still .£40 per ton from Dalby to Charleville. There are a lftTgo lot (about 16,001)) of shorn sheep ready for the road at Gowrie ; but at present they cannot start. A small mob of cattle, the property of Ivor M'lvor, Esq., have just started from the Angellala for the Bulloo. They will have to travel forty miles without water in one place, and very little when they get out. A mob of öOO fat bullocks, from Bowen Downs, lately passed down the Bulloo, bound south. They are now somewhere on the border below Eulo ; they have two forty-mile stages to do, and many other long ones, without water, unless it rain. I should say they will be little better than stores by the time they get to their journey's end. Thorn's cattle, from Cowley Plains, wfeere the water failed months ago, are now on Riversleigh blocks, on the Angellalah. Heat, flies, and dust too severe to allow me to say any more. 