ALLAN GLAYNE. A STORY TOLD AT GERARD'S CHASE. m By Sir Charles L. Young, Bart. Everybody has recounted some wild legend or strange story at this Christmas- tide except my self, you say. And now you are determined that I shall undertake my share in your amuse ment, and relate to you my experiences of the m n I A- Rl yShCllUUo DlUv Ul Uivi X rtlll oUll J L)U owjf '"iUr your sakes, not for my own — that my life has been a very commonplace one, with a very little romance about it, and I can find in my memory no sensational incidents of which I have been the hero. Don't look disappointed. I am not going to shirk my duty ; I have purposely kept my story to the last for two reasons — first, be cause it is a true one ; and, secondly, because it is about this very house in which we are pass ing such a happy time. You all look astonished ; I fancy I see alarm on one or two fair faces. I assure there is no occasion to be frightened. The circumstances I am going to detail to you occurred some fifty years ago, and I am not aware that there is any ghost in connection with them. You, my ex cellent, and hospitable host,, are aware that I passed my childhood in this neighbourhood, and I have hinted to you that I was acquainted with the history of the Glayne family, to whom this mansion and estate belonged for centuries. I have promised to tell you what I have heard, and I know no fitter time than this, when we arc all gathered round this roaring fire, the melodies of the Christmas bells ringing in our ears, and the chill north wind drifting the snow against the window-panes. 4 Carry your minds back, then, to five-aud- fifty years ago. Picture to yourselves the group assembled around this very hearth. It consists of three persotis — Mr. and Mrs. Robert Glayne and their only child Ida. It is close upon Christmas, and they are discussing the guests whom they are expecting the next day. Gerard's Chase is to be alive with festivities till over New Year's Day. For ten years Robert Glayne had been master of tbe Chase. The estate did not descend to him in the direct line ; he obtained it, some what unexpectedly, by the testamentary dispo sition of the late owner, his brother, Allan Glayne. In a few words I can tell yon how this came to pass. Allan was some years older than his brother Robert. He was a man of reserved and sullen nature, and for years lived alone, gloomily, in this house. In middle age he married, and became the father of young Allan, who will be most prominent in the facts I am about to tell you. For reasons which were never known, Mr, and Mrs. Allan Glayne se parated two years after the son's birth, mid the father — Robert knew it well — made a will in which fee bequeathed the whole of the estate to his brother, making no mention of liis wife or child. Ten years passed away. Allan Glayne lived 1 a solitary life at Gerard's Chase. Robert went to stay with him occasionally, once or twice a year perhaps, but no other guests ever passed his threshold, and his neighbours had long ceased to attempt to draw him into their society. At the end of these ten years it was known that Mrs. Allan Glayne died abroad ; that, after her death, her husband received a packet from her ; that he was greatly moved by its contents ; and hat he wnt lor alawyer from the town, which is about three miles distant, as yon know;. The dayafter the visit of the lawyer— his name was Sharford— Mr. Allan Glayne had a paralytic stroke which deprived him of all his acuities ; in a fortnight this stroke wag succeeded by another, and in ten days more he was dead. Robert Glayne, who at the time was on a sport ing excursion in Norway, had been summoned home, but he arrived too late even to attempt any conversation with his brother. The will that was made shortly after Allan Glayne's separation from his wife was found among the papers of the deceased owner of Gerard's Chase, which were all kept in thorough order. There was no trace or sign of any subsequent will or revoking codicil, and Robert Glayne became the new owner of the property. But there was one strange thing which could not be cleared up. Hie lawyer, Sharford, had never returned home since he had been sent for to the Chase. The servants had seen him leave the house \ a gardener had seen him cross the park ; a labourer had met him taking a short cut across the fields ; but after that all trace of him was lost. The persons who had seen him. said that he carried a round tin case, but there was no reason to suppose that he had any eon siderable sum of money with him which might have tempted any ruffian to make away with him. Search was made in every direction, but Sharford, dead or alive, was never found. One other fact remains to be noticed. The day after Allan Glayne's paralytic seizure the butler decamped, and it was found that he had made away with a considerable amount of plate and wine. He was traced to Liverpool, and there was no doubt that he had gone to America. It was not, however, thought worth while to follow him farther. Robert Glayne, his wife, and daughter Ida, a few months afterwards came to reside at Gerard's Chase. The house was entirely renovated ; the grounds were put in proper order, for they had been much neglected; gamekeepers were en gaged, and the shooting was thoroughly looked after. It was soon known in the county that the new owner of the Chase was hospitably in clined ; the neighbouring squires and their wives came to call, and the old house was soon young again "with pleasant society and festivity. I see you are anxious to know whether it was suspected that the man Sharford had in his possession any papers or proofs that might have been to the detriment of Robert Glayne and his succession to the property, and whether the new lord of the man'or was in any way ac cessory to the unaccountable disappearance. Well, of course ill-natured people existed then just as they do now, and were ready with their dark hints and sage looks, but they could make nothing of it. It was true that Robert had been badly off, and had been at times hard pressed for money, and somewhat resembled his brother in his taciturn disposition ; still he was well known to be an upright and honourable man, and his absence in Norway and utter ignorance of his brother's state of health, prevented even the shadow of a dotfbt from resting upon his character. But what of the son? you ask. What of young Allan Glayne who ought by right to have inherited this property ? What of him ? Young Allan was nearly twelve years old at the time of his father's death. After her se paration from her husband, Mrs. Glayne, as far as could be accurately known, had passed her time upon the Continent — chiefly in Italy. She had led a quiet and secluded life, but her sad and gentle manner had attracted some persons to her, and they had become her friends, and an English family resident in Florence, though they knew very little of his mother's story, kindly took Allan to live with them, until his uncle Robert, who was his only relation, made some other provision for him. This was done before long. Allan was sent for to Gerard's Chase, and was speedily passed on to school. It was about this time that I first saw him ; I was quite a child at the time, but I recollect him well. He was tall for his age, and thin and slightly built, but I well remember that he was said to be possessed, even at that time, of singularly powerful fingers and wrists ; for the rest, he appeared weak and delicate. His features were regular and decidedly handsome, but there was a constant expression of melan choly on his countenance which was exchanged now and then for a look of sinister ferocity. , This was seldom seen, 'and he was usually of a quiet and reserved demeanour. I know of no incident worth recording till Allan was about sixteen years old, and that occurred on the oc casion of his return from school for the Christ mas holidays. Hitherto, good reports had been sent to his nncle of his progress in his stjjidies and his general behaviour ; but this time the re port stated, apparently with considerable reluc tance, that Allan Glayne had grown idle ; that ' his tasks were performed in a slovenly and su perficial manner ; that his temper had become sullen and morose. Towards the end of the vacation, his uncle. Robert sent for him into the library, showed him the report, and advised him to be careful and do better during the en suing half- year. " Why?" asked Allan, shortly. " Because in a year cr so you will be placed in a merchant's office," returned his uncle, " and it is necessary that you should fit your self for your employment, and enter upon it with a good character." " Why?" demanded the boy again. " Because your hopes of future success de pend much upon a good start, and because all your own interests require it." "Why?" persisted Allan. His uncle regarded him for a moment sternly. Robert Glayne was not accustomed to be questioned in this manner ; but there was a sullen obstinacy in his nephew's countenance which impelled him to reply : "Because you are poor, and must work for your livelihood . " And why ?" said Allan, in the same tone as before. Mr. Glayne was somewhat disconcerted, but he seplied promptly : " It is useless to ask why. The case is as I have stated. However faiuch we may deplore them, we cannot alter facts." " Shall I tell you why ?" said Allan, fixing his dark eyes upon his uncle's face. " I wilL I . am poor, and I have to work for my livelihood, as 3rou express it, uncle, because I have been deprived of my rights, and can only reside as a guest in the house where I ought to be the master." " I must decline to discuss that question with you," answered his nncle. " I am surprised, Allan, that you should have started it." Whatever reply Allan might have been about to make, and the chances are it would have been a violent one, was silenced on his lips by the | suddea appearanoe ol Ida, She had come to fetch, some hook, or piece of work, or other trifle, and she addrasied some laughing words to father Mid cousin, and left the room as quickly as she had entered it. But the very sight of her had had a magical effect on Allan. The fire died out of his eyes, the heightened colour on his cheeks faded into the accustomed pallor, and he said in a low tone : " I beg your pardon, nncle, for having spoken as I did." Robert Glayne acknowledged the apology with a cold inclination of his head, and his nephew left the room. A day or two afterwards Allan went back to school, and during his sub sequent vacations he had no more private inter views wfth his uncle. Whatever the report from school might have been, Mr. Glayne did not choose to give his nephew the chance of reiterating his unpleasant words, and perhaps Allan was glad not to fall into the temptation of again losing his temper, as he possibly had reasons of his own which compelled him to keep on good terms with the man whom he considered to be the wrongful owner of Gerard's Chase. Boy as he was, girl as she was, he had fallen desperately in love with his cousin Idg. You may call this love of his absurd. You may laugh at him as a young fool, or you may pity him as a precocious enthusiast. The sequel of this story will prove whether he was in earnest or not. Two years after this conversation with his nncle, which I have just related, Allan was placed in the office of a then well-known mer cantile firm in London as clerk, and until he had attained the age of twenty-one he seldom visited Gerard's Chase. During that time he frequently received cold and cpnstrtaned invita tions from his nncle and aunt, but he did not choose to take advantage of them. His mother's fortune consisted of some six or seven thousand pounds, and on the interest of this he could live independently. His twenty-first birthday brings us down to the Chiistmas-time when, as I have already described to you, Mr. and Mrs. Robert Glayne and Ida were sitting in this very room, discussing their expected guests. As usual, young Allan had received his formal in vitation, but no answer had been received from him. " Let me see, when did you write to Allan, Ida ?" asked Mrs. Glayne. " Last Tuesday, mamma, and this is Friday." "Just like his bearish manners. I sincerely hope that he has found some friend who has provided for him for this Christmas. I am sure we do not want him here." " Gently, my dear," interposed Mr. Glayne, "gently. We must not forget that Allan is our nephew. " "I wish we could forget it," retorted Mis. Glayne. " He is not a'Telation to be proud of, and if his poor father's suspicions were correct, as no doubt they were " " My dear," said Mr. Glayne deprecatingly, " there is no necessity to allude to that ;"and he glanced at Ida. " What is your feeling about his coming, Ida ?" asked her mother. "I would rather that he did not come, mamma," replied Ida in a low voice. " I thought as much, "exclaimed Mrs. Glayne. "I was sure that he had had the audacity to exhibit a preference for you, which if he has the impertinence to entertain at all, he ought to keep to himself." At that moment a servant entered the room bringing the evening post, journals, and busi ness letters for Mr. Glayne; gossiping letters" for Mrs. Glayne ; one note for Miss Glayne. " Here is Allan's reply," said Ida, as she glanced at the handwriting and carelessly tore open the envelope. She read the contents rapidly, and then tossed the letter to her mother. Glayne adjusted her glasses, and read the letter carefully and slowly. "Ddd, as usual," she remarked when she had finished reading. "Mark my words, Robert, that young man will end his days in a lunatic asylam." " What does he say ?" asked Mr. Glayne. Mrs. Glayne, in a harsh unpleasant voice she always assumed when she was displeased, read as follows : — " Please thank my uncle and aunt, Ida, for their invitation. I have had some difficulty in making up my mind whether I should accept it or not. This may seem rude, bnt it is not 'meant to be so. I have a strange feeling that it might be better for us all if I did not accept it, and went abroad for the winter, as I have now a good opportunity of doing. But some unknown strong force seems to draw me to you, or at least to Gerard's Chase, and I cannot resist it. I will come. — Your cousin, Allan." " I wish to goodness he had the strength of common sense to resist this ' unknown force,' " was Mrs. Glayne's sharp comment. " There is nothing I dislike so much as odd people with mysterious fancies." No doubt about it. Mrs. Glayne was one of those people who dislike everything they cannot understand, and her understanding was limited. On the following Monday the guests began t® arrive. I need not tell you anything about most of them, as they have nothing to do with this story. There was only one among them whom I will describe to you, and that was a certain Arthur Egerton. Mr. Egerton was the son of a poor clergyman, and had recently beep called to the bar. He had read and worked hard to fit hinmalf for his profession, and although that profession was not subjected to such overpowering competition as in these days, he had no interest whatever, and his talents, though somewhat above the average, generally speaking, were scarcely such &3 promised a high place in forensic achievements. His father's living was not very far from the Chase, and his family were on tolerably intimate terms with the Glaynes. He was, moreover, exceedingly pleasant, amusing, and good-look ing, and was a welcome guest wherever he was invited. I may as well say at once that he was a great favourite with Ida, and that Mr. and Mrs. Glayne did not seem to desire to check the growing intimacy. They both liked Mr. Eger ton; Ida was the only child and heiress of Gerard's Chase, and of course there was no ne cessity for her to marry a rich man, and pos sibly her father and mother thought that as Mr. Egerton, though not rich, belonged to one of the oldest families in the county, and was a steady and hard-working young man, they might do much worse than trust their daughter ana her fortune to his keeping. Very merry was the party at the Chase. The winter was severe, and the yonng men and maidens amused themselves immensely with sleighing and skating upon the lake all day, and dancing and acting charades in the evening. Never was such a happy party— at least Ida and Arthur Egerton seemed to think so, if one ibight guess from their evident keen enjoyment ; but on the Wednesday, what is generally known as a. wet blanket fell upon the party in the shape of Allan Glayne, who suddenly presented himself as they were all playing a round game in the library half-an-hour or so before the ring ing of the dressing-bell. Everybody knows the unreasonable suspicion and di«lik« with ( which a new comer is re garded when he suddenly presents himself in the midst of a laughing and familiar circle. He appears to be an outsider, and is at once looked upon with distrust and jealousy. There are many men and women who with a smile and half a dozen words can dispel such inevitable sensations, but .A Han Glayne did not possess this talent. On the contrary, he seemed to be like an icicle which refused to melt before the roaring Christmas fire, and shed its chilly in fluence upon all present. I have already given you some idea of his personal appearance ; let me add that, at this time, his face looked old and careworn for his age, but at the same time had gained a singularly wild and unearthly beauty. During the remainder of the week he mixed very little with the society at his uncle's house. Reserved, silent, and cold, he held small part in the general conversation; but when he chose to talk — and at such times he could talk very well — it was in an easy and dignified manner ; but what astonished most people, and especially iritated his nncle and aunt, was that whenever the conversation turned upon the architectural glories of the old house, and the wooded magnificence of the park, he spoke enthusiastically, as if he presided in his ancestral hall and was lord and master of the whole. — Nev; Quarterly Magazine (TO BK COB Tin DSD.) 