Latest News. THE CONFLICT.—Her Majesty's schooner Conflict, 120 tons, carrying one large gun, has arrived from Western Australia. FIRE AT MESSRS. GILES & SMITH'S MILL.— A fire broke out in the premises generally known as the Old West- terrace Windmill, once the property of Messrs. W. Elliott & Co., but now owned by Messrs. Giles & Smith, on the morning of Tuesday, the 26th instant. Flames were first seen in the fourth storey of the tower of the mill, about half-past 4, by a lad named O'Halloran, who was coming from Grattan-street. The fire was then in the south-west window, and burned downwards. An alarm being givenjat 4 o'clock Reel No. 2, under Fireman Benbcrw, began playing on it. This was quickly followied by No. 7 Reel, Hendry's, and 3, Foreman Morris's, and 1, Spencer's. Lance-corporal Freeman ahd about 12 constables were on the spot and kept good order. The crowd present was very large. At half-past 5 the flames were got under; bat at 6 o'clock they rose again, this time, howeter, only for a brief period. An hoar later the fire was practically out, thdre only being a smouldering left. Good service in airesting the progress of the fire was rendered by employes and neighbours, who put brgs of flour in the openings connecting the house and store. The damage done cannot at present be exactly estimated. The tower roof, composed of zinc and lead, melted and fell in, as did the floors. The whole of the machinery inside the structure was rendered useless. The tower, which was 35 years old, has bees mubh cracked. The engine and boiler, store buildings, and the stock therein are uninjured except by the action of water. No cause for the confligration has yet been assigned. There werefoor men working on Tuesday in the mill tower, and one of them, Brady, came down at a quarter to 6 tbe previous evening 1 , reporting all safe. In the fourth utorey, where the flames were first seen, there were only bags kept, and the plane was very rarely visited. The other ports of the tower of course contained the machinery. The insurance is stated to be in the Queen, on the building for £700, and there is a policy for £1,500 on the stock in the store and milL The Superintendent of the Fire Brigades was on the ground from about half-past 5 a.m. An inquest will be held- CHUBCH ENTERTAINMENT.—A tea meeting, in aid ot the St. Bartholomew's Parsonage Fund, was held at the Town Hall, Norwood, on Tuesday evening. A large attendance rewarded the efiortajof those who ministered to the wants iof the viators. In the evening the Rev. S. Green delivered his popular lecture oh "The Writings of. U. Guesagen," and musical selections wdre rendered by lady and gentlemen amateurs. An address was delivered by Dean RossslL The Rev. W. B. Andrews presided. £IYEB NEWS.—The following were the heights of the rivers at the localities mentioned on April 26, at 10 a.m.:— Wentworth, Darling, rise 20 inches. Bourke, Darling, falling. Brewarrina, Darling, river veiy low. Euston, Murray, rising. Balranald, Murrumbidgee, rising. Hay, River Murrumbidgee, below summer level. Wsgga Wagga, Murrumbidgee, below summer level. Walgett, junction of Naomi and Barwon, low. TBE CHAMSEB OF COHMEECE.—The annual meeting of this institution will be held this afternoon. TRADES' SOCIETIES.—A meeting of stonemasons has been called for this evening at the Wellington Inn. Leigh-street, to open a branch of the United Tradesmen's Scciety on their behalf. •LATE TRAIN.—It is notified that a train for Glenelg will be detained till the close of the performance at the Tiieatre to-night. THE MINISTERIAL STATEMENT.—We publish in o'h6r columns a full telegraphic report of the demonstration at Kadina to the memoers of the Ministry and the representatives of "the District of Wallaroo. The message is a very long one, and occupied till half-past 3 o'clock this morning in transmission along the single line of wire from Kedina. The proceedings did not eid till half-past 12. Tbe Department deservjes credit fer the smart way in which the officers dealt with the report, which contains the Premier's statement of the intentions of the Government. TBE KADINA AND PORT WAKEFIELD RAIL- WAY.—The Yorke's Peninsula. Advertiser is m- fonred thst the tenders received for the second sfction of tbis railway are all so high that tjie Engineer-in-Chief recommends their non-acceptance. I A GHOST STOBT.—Australia is rather a new courtry for apparitions, but the Mamilinn Spectator writes:—"A considerable sensation prevails in tbe neighbourhood of Macarthiir, Victoria, owing to the nocturnal presence of ka apparition which has been seen by several persons on the estate of Mr. Carmichael, at Harton Hills. It appears that four men, working at 1 a job of fencing, were camped about two mites from the head station, when they were alarmed some three or four nights ago by seeing a figure draped in white stalking backwards and forwards in the moonlight. So frightened webe they that they beat a retreat to the station, and communicated the particulars to Mr. Towata, the overseer, whilst a dog they had with them participated in the alarm, and ran away howling piteously. Nest night a party of eight, including ft policeman from the township, bivouacked in the haunted spot, and five of them were rewarded by getting a sight of the ghost.- The news begin to spread, and we understand that a lar£e purty is to be made op from Macarthur, with.'a view to solve the mystery, if possible. Tradition states that the locality in question was, many years ago, the scene of a fatal affray between the early settlers and the aboriginals, and thkt in these encounters the blacks came off second best. Of course the superstition is that one of the natives^so disposed of has 'jumped up whitefellow ' in fulfilment of the aboriginal belief, and hence the astonishment of the nerves of t^e fencing party by his 'counterfeit presentment.' It should be mentioned that the ghost has already one oasualty to answer for, inasmuch as one of the intended interviewists, in a hurry j;o get a right of the apparition, was thrown from his horse and broke his leg. We trust some bf those who may have been fortunate enough to have seen the thing will send us a pro^re$s report." ' METALLING THE STREETS.—Dr. Peel has requested tis to state that at the laet meeting pf the City Council he expressed the opinion that jit would be desirable to accept the Gavercmsnt offer of stcne for metalling the streets. 