Political Froth. BY AN ABSTAINER. ON the Legislative Assembly resuming on Monday, a message was received from his Excellency the Governor conveying the Royal assent to the Judicature Act passed this session. The amount of rejoicings was not extravagant, llembera displayed great control over their fadings of joy, and the Speaker was enabled to pasceed, without serious loss of time, to haul Jbr. Walsh over the coals for writing to The Courier about his (the Speaker's) ruling on the previous Thursday. He considered that Mr. W«lsh had been disorderly in writing, and in •default of power to deal with the publisher of Hke Courier— what an escape for the publisher! —he gave his version of the affair, and had the inexpressible satisfaction of showing that bis Tuling was precisely in accordance with one of Mr. Walsh's own when in the chair. Mr. Walsh, however, resembles a spring sofa an the matter of being sat upon, and never shows the slightest signs of depression. He was on his legs directly afterwards, in the highest spirit* with a question designed to entrap the Premier into an admission that money was being lost by ■sending railway material to Ipswich by water instead of by rail. He nearly caught the Hon. George, who gave the curious reply, "that there was neither saving nor loss," but that there was "an advantage" in sending by water. The consideration of the Fire Brigades WH| was signalised by a speech from Mr. Beattie, who electrified the House by pronouncing that fire brigades (and superintendents, understood) should be encouraged. There was another episode equally startling, however. Mr. Wakh rose to speak, and oonfounded his hearers by an unheard-of eccentricity on his part. He agreed with the previous speaker. However, the **«■ vious speaker had been rating the Govanuaent, so perhaps the incident was not altogether inex plicable. The estimates for the Government Printing Office succeeded. The country spends £18,285 on the luxury of printing. Mr. Walsh wanted to know all about it, and subjected himself to a neat rap from Mr. Stewart, who told him that whether the estimate would be exceeded de pended on the amount of talking dene, a matter which rested in a great degree with Mr. Walah himself. The vote for the Woogaroo Lunatic Asylum Estimates resulted in the Colonial Secretary and Premier getting mad because it came out that they had not made themselves acquainted with the contents of the surgeon-superintendent's latest report. The latter vowed the institution was prospering. None of the Ministry had visited it, but they promised to go thither by the end of the session. This appeared probable and satisfactory, and the vote waa passed. On Tuesday, the House had scarcely met when Mr. Palmer moved its adjournment, and raised a breeze about the ventilation; and Mr. Walsh re marked that as the subject had been mentioned he would like to know what was the meaning of so bald a return being laid on the table relating to the security-bond required from Mr. Macalis ter. The Colonial Secretary replied to the effect that the return was far from bald ; in fact it was rather hairy than* otherwise. Mr. Palmer insisted on being informed what had become of the bond it had been stated Mr. Macalister did offer, and Mr. Griffith replied to the purpose that the Government had not been so green as to let it be made an official document. The adjourned debate on the Western Rail ways Bill came next, and drew several yards of oratory from Mr. Maorossan, the Premier, and the Treasurer. The last- named opened with a sneer at Mr.' M'Dwraith, as having made himself " quite an educator" on the question. Of course it was very wrong of Mr. M'llwraith to do anything of the kind, unless indeed he considered that the Treasurer required educa ting. Mr. Dickson disgorged a full meal of figures with which he had been fed, and had his usual success, being congratulated by Mr. Groom on having delivered the most speech against the bill that he had heard in the course of the debate. Mr. MHwraith rose to speak, bat shortly observed that the Colonial Secretary had slipped out Be required hia attendance, and objected to Ministers being only present in relays, even ' though they couldn't understand the subject or! discussion. Whenever their own Supporters talked common sense to them they bolted. He declared he would not water upon his Bpeech, though a week should «lapse, until the Colonial Secretary was in bis place. At this appalling threat Mr. Douglas rose, his hair curdling, his blood standing up on end, and his flesh creeping all over the floor of the House, and quitting hks place, shortly returned leading captive the /•infant Colonial Secretary, in low spirits, who was greeted by Mr. Palmer as a "good boy to oome when he was called." | Mr. Stewart, being produced in this diacon- '• oerting manner, apparently determined to maka Mr. M'llwraith rue the day, and 'On the con clusion of that member's speech, rose with the obvious intention of making mincemeat of all bis arguments, and delivering a masterly and convincing exposition ot the whole question. But he was cruelly baulked jußt as he was get ting into a cherubic canter, by Mr. Walsh rising to put the point of order that he was not con fining himself to the question before the House. On thk, Mr. Stewart complained in a plaintive tone, which might have moved a heart of stone several yards, that Mr. Walsh's object was to throw him out of gear, beeavuft that member knew that, on two or tfaree occasions when interrupted, he had 4oat the thread of his dis course. That his complaint was not baseless shortly appeared, (or after spending some minutes in plungiaf after various elusive ideas, the mar tyred Colonial Secretary gave up the oratorica ghost. As soon as his victim had breathed bis last sigh, Mr. Walsh demanded an adjournment of the debate. The Premier would not hear of it, but made one of his dexterous allusions, to the effect that Mr. Walsh had bee* absent in the refreshment-room when 1m might have been addressing the House. The natural c6nseqa.eh<to of this indiscreet explosion should have been about two hours' harangue from the aspersed member for the Warrego. H* treated a panio by proceeding outside the'bar, and returning in • mysterious and 'determined manner, bearing with him a huge map showing the railway re serves, which fas BuDg on the floor in front of bis seat, as if preparing to pass a cheerful night in discoursing on the physical and political geo graphy of the colony, with special referenoes to the Railway Reserves Act His threatenhtf movements profoundly alarmed the Home, ana he*, members wished they were fan feed tad he ■a Bedlam. It really appears*, however, as if the Ingenious tormentor was fatigued for onoe. He only occupied about five minutes, flinging •bout denials and retorts uncourteous, before he gave way, and permitted the division to be taken, whem the Government had 20 to 15. On Thursday, Mr. Bailey led off by calling at tention to a newspaper paragraph stating that raMftta were being turned loose in the neighbor* heod of Maryborough. He wanted it put a stop to, and was supported by Messrs. Lord and Palmer. But Mr. Walsh objected, of course, and was dreadfully severe upon Mr. Bailey for having mentioned rabbits instead of paddy melons, which latter troubled bis (Mr. Walsh's) soul more than a wilderness of rabbits. Be believed in rabbits, and could make a handsome living out of them. He regarded them as game ; but then Mr. Walsh makes game of everything. A message was received from the Governor, stating that his Excellency had considered it necessary to withhold assent to the GoMfields Act Amendment Bill—the measure imposing differential fees on Chinamen—until her Majesty the Queen had a chance of having a look at it Bang goes saxpence! The additional fees are lost to the Treasurer, and the accomplishment of one of his grandest conceptions deferred—en dangered. When, later in the evening, Bupply was entered upon, and Mr. Stewart moved the vote of £6000 to Mr. P. T. Maodonald, member for Btackall, the cork blew out and froth began to foam. Mr. Palmer was up like a crocus in spring, and mentioned that so long as Mr. Macdonald remained a member of that House he would not vote him a shilling. He suggested the withdrawal of the item. Several members of the Opposition declared war, and Mr. Dickson defended the action of the Government. Not even the appearance of that master of strategy intimidated the Opposition, however. They did not -quail, even although it was the Colonial Treasurer who spoke. On the contrary, Mr. Walsh seized the moment to fling himself into the thickest of the fray, and taunted the Govern ment with indelicacy in having endeavored to induce the member for Blackall to come and vote to order on occasions. Messrs. Murphy and Griffith explained that Mr. Macdonald had only failed to sustain the verdict giving him the money owing to technical legal objections. The strange event of two lawyers talking with blasphemous levity of technical legal oblections failed to move the ob duracy of the opponents of the vote, and proß pecta looked cloudy for Mr. Macdonald. Mr. Jacob Low came to the rescue. He beamingly informed the House that he would cordially support the vote. If it were passed, he had a small matter of £1000, which he would hope to get voted on the strength of the precedent. Instead of being molli fied by this gratifying information, Mr. Palmer abused the venerable and guileless member in a dreadful manner. He vowed to challenge his vote on this motion, as he had confessed to hav ing a direct pecuniary interest In fact, mem bers generally failed to rise to the situation. Instead of adopting Mr. Low's idea, and agreeing to support the motion on the understanding that each of them should in turn have £1000 or so voted in compensation for some claim or other, they fell upon Mr. Low tooth and nail as if he had said something wrong in declaring his reasons for wishing the amount to be granted to his brother squatter. Mr. Palmer, however, relented somewhat, and in lieu of opposing the vote altogether, and so leaving Mr. Macdonald destitute, he offered a re daction on the claim of £6000. He was open to vote the amount less £5999 19s. »d.—available balance WtfuttpeHee ) The House divided on this offer, "and while thirteen voted in favor of it, Nineteen were exorbitant and didn't think it enough. Mr. Morehead outbid his chief in generosity, and offered sixpence, and Mr. Walsh produced himself in the new character of a peacemaker, deplored the probability of an acrimonious de bate, and proposed that as there was not £J^ost of a chanoe of the item passing, it (mould be postponed, so that tn« business of the country should not be sacrificed to the interests of an individual The House Would .have none of his advice, and adjourned for ten minutes to recover froiia the astonishment which over* powered them at seeing him figuring as peace* maker. On the resumption of the sitting, Mr. Walsh again lifted up hu voioe and testified, but Mr. Douglas had been thirsting for an inning* and spoilt the effect of Mr. Walsh's appeal by taking up the parable and treating the Opposition to a homily in his beat manner, which in turn was ruined by Mr. Macrossan, who immediately capped it with another in precisely the same style, but addressed tio tne Government, which had th« effect of burlesquing Mr. Douglas' nice At this point it dawned upon somebody that when the chairman had vacated the chair, just before, the Committee was in division, and had never got out of it. The dilemma was discussed in a cheerful and unembarrassed spirit Mr. Mora* head giggled all the way back to the Long Parliament for preceudents for the Chairman* conduct and found no comfort, and the Chafr* man explained that on putting the Question Mr. Walsh was the solitary No, and as the division waa about to be talttn, that member had hhnftett remarked that he supposed it was as good a* settled against him, so that he (the Chairman) suspended the divisions .This said, the Chairman, with a defiant glare, at Mi\ Morehead and others who had ques.ti6ned his right to leave the chair, agajn Vacated it. FiVtir-and-twenty minutes elapsed before he resumed his seat, when Mr. Douglas seriously resumed the argument as to his right to desert the chair, and moved that * the point b* referred to the Speaker. Levity was vanished and several member* dressed down th% unlucky Chairman, who, I hear> had bpen bdtinV* ing outside that he could teave the cnair when he pleased, and should to», land the Speaker ruled that h* «i*utdn't, except by oonsent, wherenmtt Mr. Morgan, somewhat ci wtfallen, reseated himself in his prison, and proceeded with the division, in which the motion for ad* journment was negatived. At this point the Premier went on • foraying expedition, and returned with his spoils, a bolster, whioh he oarried to the beck benches, where he fctretehed hi* manly form and sought repose; but exhibited some alam when Mr. Foote sought refuge on the came bench, which seemed but too slight to support the joint weight of so much intellect. Mr. Amhurst acoommo* datingly undertook to read aloud, and selected the Financial Statement for 1874 a* something light and interesting. Mr. Bailey constructed a complicated scaffold of Vote* and Proceeding*^ andthestatutesof Queensland, upon which he laid his bead, and veiling hi* eye* with a reasonably dean pocket handkerchief, hunted Morphrts. At five minute* past two tfc.m. Mr. Amount wm getting aloag nicely with his reeding, when Mr. Thorn exoae, collected his idea*—two of whioh had got away while he we* asleep, ieavfctg him with only one to go on irith—and filter* nipted the speaker in the middle of a most interesting passage with th» remark that the Chairman would require refreshments. He wan about to move that Mr. Morgan leave the chair' when that officer interjected "Won't have any' thank you," and damped his ardor. Several members at once upbraided the Premier for so indecently interrupting Mr. Amhurst's admirable speech, but a number were too drowsy to trouble about anything. Mr. Edmonstone had put hi* head in a bag,, ingeniously constructed with hi* pockethandkerchief. Mr. Fryar slept the holy and placid sleep of innocent childhood. Mr. Amhurst was relieved by Mr. Stevenson, who proposed a sort of parliamentary conun drum, why tLe Premier was like Majeroni ? The answer was, that he could act without saying anything intelligible. Mr. Walsh followed, and spoke at great length without creating the least sensation, everybody being too sleepy to take offence at anything whatever. As morning dawned, a few choice spirits made the lives of would-be sleepers miserable by calling attention to the state of tho House, and by having divisions. At daylight the attention of the Chairman was directed to the Treasurer, who was secretly reading The Courier behind a guard of Estimates. But the bold Minister eluded detection and persisted in the pursuit of knowledge. At a quarter to eight the Premier, thoroughly roused, moved an adjournment till nine, and got it At the appointed hour the committee resumed, and the Premior tried to get in a word, but had to give place to Mr. Stevenson, who had been speaking when the committee adjourned, and now proceeded with his quotations from "a certain Miles," who in a previous session had dubbed Mr. Macdonald " The Claimant," and went on to refer to speeches made in the preced ing session by the hon. member fer the Burnett- ■ " one Ivory." Mr. Ivory vigorously protested against being referred to in that extremely free* and-easy style, and exploded upon the undia* mayed Stevenson, who persisted in referring to "one Ivory" till the Chairman was appealed to, who ruled that, as there waa but one Ivory in the House, the reference was plainly to the hon. member for the Burnett, and the mode of desig nation was unparliamentary. To thU Mr. Stevenson rejoined that the Chairman htafelf had in so many words referred to the memberia question as only " one Ivory," so that he had justified the expression by adopting it At about half-past eleven the Govern ment abandoned the field of battle, upon which Mr. Walsh took possession of the Treasury benches, and Mr. Macrossan re turned to his old place in the Government cross benches. Mr. Ivory insulted the slain by call ing attention to the state of the House, and no quorum being found to be present, the Speaker adjourned the House till a l»t^r hour, when an armistice till Monday next W arranged. 