MACAULAY ANECDOTES. | Ail! (says a writer in Harper's Monthly) what chat there must have been at those dinners mentioned in the Macaulay memoirs ! What a party, for instance, was this: " Dined at the club. Dr. Holland in the chair. Lord L&nsdowne;, Bishop of London, Lord Mahon, Macaulay, Milman, Van de Weyer, Lord Carlisle, David D andas, Lord Harry Vane, Stafford O'Brien. The bishop talked of the wit of Bow laud Hill, One day his chapel, with a thinner attendance than usual, suddenly filled duriug a shower of rain. He said, " I have often heard tell of religion being used as a cloak, but never before as an um brella." la his latter life he used to come to his chapel in a carriage. He got an anonymous letter rebuking hiui for this, because it was not the way his heavenly Master travelled. He read the letter from the pulpit, said it was quite true, and that " if the writer would come to the vestry afterwards with a saddle and bridle he would ride him home." On another occasion at a breakfast given by the Bishop of Oxford, Macaulay told a story about one of the French prophets of the seventeenth century, who came into the Court of Queen's Bench and announced that the Holy Ghost had sent him to com mand Lord Holt to enter a nolle prosequi. '* If," said Lord Holt, " the Holy Ghost had wanted a nolle prosequi, he would have bid you apply to the Attorney-General. The Holy Ghost knows that I cannot enter a nolle prosequi. But there is one thing which I can do; I can lav a lying knave by the heels," and thereupon he committed him to prison. This, told of Thomas Campbell, is also very neat as illustrating the sentiment with which the authors of olden days re garded their publishers. At a literary dinner Campbell asked leave to propose a toast, and give the health of Napoleon Bonaparte. The war was at its height, and the very mention cf Napoleon's name, ex cept in conduction with some uncomplimen tary epithet, was in most cases regarded as an outrage. A storm of groans burst out, and Campbell with difficulty could get a few sentences heard. " Gentlemen,3 he said, " you must not mistake me. I admit that he is a monster. I admit that he is the sworn foe of our own nation, and, if you will, of the whole human race. But, gentlemen, we must be just to our great enemy. We must not forget that he once shot a bookseller." The guests, of whom two out of every three lived by their pens, burst into a roar of laughter, and Campbell sat down in triumph. Lord Holland gave Macaulay an account of a visit which he paid long ago to the court of Denmark, and of King Christian, the madman, who was at last deprived of all real share in the government on account of his infirmity. '"'Such a Tom of Bedlam I never saw," said Lord Holland. "One day the Neapolitan ambassador came to the levee, and made a profound bow to his Majesty. His Majesty bowed still lower. The Neapolitan bowed down his head almost to the ground; when, behold, the king1 clapped his hands on his Excellency's shoulders and jumped over him like a boy playing at leapfrog." Alas! that a gymnast was there lost to the world in that lively potentate! In a foot-note is given this pungent ex tract from MacauJay's famous article on Barere, in the Edinburgh Review:—" As soon as he ceases to write trifles, he begins to write lies ; and such lies I A mail who has never been within the tropics does not know what a thunderstorm means; a man who has never locked at Niagara has but a faint idea of a cataract; and he who has not read Barere's " memoirs" may be said not to know what it is to lie." Macaulay was always willing to accept a friendly challenge to a feat of memory. Oue day, in the board-room of the British Museum, Sir David Dunaas saw liim hand to Lord Aberdeen a sheet of foolscap covered with writing, arranged in three parallel columns down each of the four pages. This document, of which the ink was still wet, proved to be the full list of senior wranglers at Cambridge, with their dates and colleges, for the hundred years during which the names of senior wranglers had been recorded in the "University calendar. On another occasion Sir David asked, " Macaulay, do you know your Popes ?" '■ No/' was the answer, " I always get wrong among the Innocents." " But can you say your Archbishops of Canter bury?" "Any fool," said Macaulay, " could say his Archbishops of Canterbury backwardand he went off at a score, drawing breath only once in order to re mark on the oddity of there having been both an Archbishop Sancroft and an Arch bishop Bancroft, until Sir David stopped liim at Cranmer. A Mean Device.—There were a score or more of women gathered together at Mr. Johnson's house. Mr. Johnson is a good hearted man and a ra«pectale citizen, though he is rather sceptical about some things. The women had just organised " The Foreign Benevolent Society," when Mr. Johnson entered the room, lie was at once appealed to to donate a few dollars as a foundation to work on, and Mrs. Graham added, " It would be so pleasant in after years for you to remember that you gave; this society its first dollar and its first kind word." He slowly opened his wallet, drew out a ten dollar bill, and, as the ladies smacked their lips and clapped their hands he asked, " Is this society organised to aid the poor of foreign countries ?" " Yes—yes —yes!" they chorused. " And it wants money ?" " Yes—yes !'' " Well, now," said Johnson, as he folded the bill in a tempting shape, " there are twenty married women here. If there are fifteen of you who can make oath that you have combed your children's hair, washed the dishes, blacked the cook-stove, and made the beds, I'll donate this 10 dels." " I have," answered two of the crowd, and the rest said, "Why, now, Mr. Johnson!" "If fifteen of you can make oath that your hus bands are not wearing socks with holes in their heels, this money is yours," continued the wretch. " Jast hear him," they ex claimed, each one looking at the other. " If ten of you have boys without holes in the knees of their pants, this * S? goes to the society !" said Johnson. " Such a man!" they whispered. " If there are five pair of stockings in this room that don't need darning, Fll hand over the money !" he went on. " Mr. Johnson," said Mrs. Graham, with great dignity, "the rules of this society declare that no money shall be con tributed except by members; and, as you are not a member, I beg that you will with draw and let u« proceed" with the routine business."—Washington Chronicle. JJp3 We observe that Mr. H. Muirliead is fairly established in his handsome new premises, Waterhouse's Buildings, nearly opposite Lis former shop. 