\- J.?. _ H . B... - .. . ... .. i HAUNTED HOUSE, 0u idfr SHADOW AT TUV1HA IIALL, DY Moos. J. . RioUrsI,, Au'rnon OF A Lirm'O AsiUze, Ci?niC. GsIIu, &c.; CnArTEn XIUI (CONTINUED). TiAT he would come we never doubted for a ,moment, and we were right. As soon as it was possible for him to appoint an interview, Mir. Barriungford did so. o:,.;ine o'clock on to-morrow (Thbus daiy] ovening,' was theo hour ibe namned, apologizing at the sanme time foir being nnable, to attend at an earlier period of thb a?.' .h ' HImph 1' said Mllunro, turning the note over.' You will receive hio in the library, of courao, II1 i?' I replied that such was my inton tion. And tlhat will be a move for whiclh he is in no way prepared,' commented my friend.... From the night when Munro walked iA'd; talked with Mr. llarringford, ng perann came spying round and about the Haunted House. Of this fact we were satisfied, for Brenda, who gave tongue at the slighest murmur wafted over the river from the barges lying waitirig for th1, 'tide, iever barked, as though she iere oni the track of a living being.; lhilst.tho old collie-a tawncy-black,: unkempt, ill-conditioned, savage natured but yet most true and faithful brute, which Munro iniiisted on keepinig within doors, uonever raised his voice from the time he arrived at River Hall, till the night Mr. Harringford raing tho'visitors' bell, when the animal, who had beep slcpeping with his nose resting on his. i~s',Jlited hiashead and indulged inm"a prolonged' hbwl. ' . , ., Nosta rtice beginning to an intervlie which Iread. d d , , ....... -: ,': l',:i'l , tOO"., , PrI: ;' XIiV ' . ArTERtRIBLE INTERVIEW.1 ~,esn.tho library, .waiting to re ceive Mr. farringford; A bright fire blazed on telio hearth, the table was strewn with papers.Munro had brought tl;kif orbm thoe. ofice, the gas. was all nailseze,.nd the room looking bright and cheeriful-as bright and as cheerful as if n8'gieost'had ever been heard of in con a~etion with it. SAta fe?. minutes past nine my visitor arrjied. Mrs. Stot ushered himn iltb the library, and.'he entered the roojo evidently intending to shako hands with m?od, which coivility I affected not to notice. )After the first words of greethng weore oe~btanged, I asked him if, he would hays teo,.or coffee, or wine; and finding that:ho refused all offers of refreshment I rang the bell and told ,Mrs. StopttI couild disponso with her attendanee for. th4, inight. \- Do you mean to tell me roiu stay'ii thi? house entirely alone ?' as.?' ay; vibitoi' 'Until Mrs, Stott came I.wasi.qite alone,' I answered. !f,;would not have ddise 'it: fdriljl cotisideration.' he remarked..,: , Passably hot,. I rephoed. g ariff~ en.tly . conlstituted.' . ,,;i , tiinas nott long before we got to bisl nesso.lHio 'offer of twelve' h di , pounds I pooh poohed asridiciedfo: u.. ' Well,' he said-by this time I knew I hads 'eop pnan of bhsiiess: to deal witf--' put the place up to auction, and see whether you will get as much.' 'There are two, or rather, three ways of dealing with the prdperty,rliica have oecurr~d to m, Mr.j nrringfolrd, I Tx plainef." 'One is fetting or selling this house for a reformatory, or school. Ghosts in that ease won't trouble the inmiteJ.wd /d~iyhe: 'qbe iltd bitkih:-i another is utilizing the buildings.for a manufcifto-y u and 'theo thiis laying the groud::eout:foir:buildig 'purposes thus-" As I spoke, I laid before him a plan for a tri-sided Squarelo of 'biilding, the south side being formed by the river. I had t±rke'n',grent:pain with tlib 'dhiiw ing of this plan; the future houses,.the futi%: are thbe futiure iver- oalk' ;ith seats at intervals, were all to be found in the roll -which I unfolded and laid be fore ~hmo supltheelffeot my:sketoh.pro duced surprised me. 'In Heaven's naue, Mr. Patterson' he asklted, "where did you getthat ? You never drew it out of your own jadl' 't'l'tj,' -2¾2, I hastened to assure him I had cor tainlv not got it out of any other per son's head; buthe smiled incredously. , r'dbably ~i -heeside?itcd, Mr " Elms-' dale left some sucl aketch behind him '-something, at all 'vents, which sug gested th eidertr you.' w o heard ' If h?e al, I never saw nor heard of it,' I answered. ' You may nnve ,hsve forgotten the circumnstanco,' ?1' poe-sioietd;" hit I feel confident you must have seen something like this before. Perhaps amongst the papers in:uMr..Craveu!s office.(' ' lay I enquire why you have for med such an opinion?'I said, a little stiffly. 2I 2I s Simply becauso th i-side square was a favorite project of tihe late:owndr of River Hall,' he replied. ' After the death of his wife, the 'piace grew dis tasteful to him, and Ilhave oqten heard soy he vould eonvert'tihe 'ground into one of the handompssequaresa. in the neigh bourhood of London. All he wanted twas a piece of additional land lying to io west, which piece is, I, beolievo, now be had et a price'-" I sat,ullup onqstrjceken dumb., ,y no 'cr tal process, for which I could ever coun, had that idea-ever been envol d, It sprang into lifo at a, bound; camd tb' me in ihy sleep, end I wak ned at once with the whole plan clear nd distinct before my mind's eyo,.as it nowa lay clear and distinct before Mr. Harringford. To be Cottinued. Abn Indian jury returned a written vrdicet of "blodo to pieces by a biler busting." 