BLACK. CREEK. (From a correspondent of the Murrurundi Tlmts,Jan.l.)> Ono of tho most important steps yet taken» for tbo improvement of this locality was recently initiated in tho provision by sovoral energetic rcsidonts of tho nuoloua of a Publio sohool. Tbo want of soino educational training for tho* children has long boen folt, and somo advance towards securing tho desidoratum was thought to bo in progroBs, but tbis not mooting all tho viows of thoso intorcstod, an effort is now boing uoado to furnish tho advantages of cduoation to all OIBBSCS. A oomfortablo houso has been kindly allowed by Mr. E. Rowland froo of rent, and a suitable teaohor scoured in tim porson of Mr. Ghoster, a gontlomnn of some exporienoo in tho toaohing profession, and apparently well qualifiod for tbo office Of oourso, these? arrangements aro morely initiative, and any pormanont ostablisbmont must havo tho authority and support of tho Counoil of Educa- tion to rondor it thoroughly efnoiont. Tho dwelling house wo can soarooly expect to haw froo of oost for a long period of time, but it is. hoped that the urgonoy of tho oaso will be suffioiont to Bcauro tho imraodiato aid required from the Council to make tho school a sucooss. At present about thirty ohildron aro named OB likely to attond, ano, about twon ty may bo certainly rolied upon. A oomraoooomont will bo m ado on Monday noxt, the 3rd instant, and evory oonfidonoo im tho sucooss of tho experiment is entertained. It is hoped, however that tho work will not bo allowed to stop hero, nor tho offorts of suoh, onorgctio workers as tho Messrs. Rowland bo unaided by thoso as deeply in toroa tod in tha institution. A building in whioh to conduct the sohool will soon bo neodod, and may bo ob- tained by a very slight but unanimous effort. The Counoil, whon satisfiod upon tho prospeota of the sohool, will roadily mako arrangements for its continuance, but the co- oporatiou of tho rosidonts may be made a oondition of such as- sistance, or a spooifio proportion of tho funds may bo stipulated by]tho Counoil; butiuoither case it will not bo mado impraotioablo or oven scvorc. It is to bo hoped, thoreforo, that overy I requisito for suoooss boing within the roach of the oommunity, tho Bohemo so well oommonoed may be oarriod to a oroditablo and. permanently useful issue. 