DIOCESE OF BALLARAT. ? (From our own, Correspondent.) At St. Patrick's Cathedral on Sunday, t eleven o'clock, there was Mass before is Lordship, the Very Dr. Moore, offiiating as celebrant. There was a very arge congregation. His Lordship reached a sermon on the gospel of the ay—the 20 th chap, of St. John. Prior to commencing hiB sermon his Lordship announced that the Catholic schools in the various portions of tfie district would be re-opened on the following day, and he requested the parents to send their children early, so as to afford an opportunity of having them arranged in classes by the proper time for opening school. His Lordship remarked that shortly before the vocation the attendance had fallen off through sickness; but now, thanks be to God, sickness has greatly reduced, and there was no reason for parents keeping their children at home. His Lordship also announced that for some months to come there would be only one Mass on Sunday at St. Alipius' Church—namely, at ten o'clock. This alteration was necessitated through some of the priests being required elsewhere, but as soon as possible there would be a return to the practice now existing. His Lordship then proceeded with his sermon, and shoved the nature and extent of the apostolic commission as set forth by the evangelist. Late in the first day of the week, when the disciples were gathered together in a room for fear of the Jews, and the doors were shut, Jesus came and stood in the midst, and said to them—" Peace be to you." Three times did he use the words—Peace be to you. Christ came to give peace—first, between man and his Creator, for, until Christ came, man was the declared nemy of God. Christ came to give eace to the troubled heart of man, and epose in the heavenly kingdom. Yet, although Christ had been announced by he prophets of old as the Prince of peace, still it waB a melancholy fact that many were strangers to that peace which Christ was ever ready to give, and they lived and moved about with the wrath of God suspended over their heads. The work of Christ was complete, but men still held out against it, a prey to their own fears of judgment. His Lordship then proceeded to show that, in order to obtain that peace which Christ came to give, we must avail ourselves of the means instituted by Him in His Church. As His Father had sent Him, so He sent the apostles. His mission was to restore fallen man, to pour oil into the wounds of humanity, to cleanse the soul from the leprosy of sin ; and this mission Christ gave to His apostles. They received their mission not from man, not from themselves, not from the State, but direct from God the Father in heaven. Next, Christ breathed upon His apostles. mysterious act. God. breathed upon man. This was the second instance of God breathing upon man. The first instance was when God breathed upon the inanimate figure of Adam, and he became a living soul. What was communicated in the second act of breathing upon man ? " Receive ye the Holy Ghost; whose sins you shall forgive, they are forgiven them : and whose sins you shall retain, they are retained.'' Christ gave His apostles a new commission—to uutie the bands of the sinner, and set him free to enjoy the liberty of God. His Lordship then cited that passage in the New Testament which portrays Jesus forgiving the sins of the palsied man, and showing the incredulous scribes that it was equally easy for Him to pardon the sins of the palsied man as to make him arise and walk. Having dealt with this portion of the subject, his Lordship commented on the power given to the apostles, as the ambassadors of Christ, to forgive sins, to give peace, to reconcile the sinner to God—the only thing that could give peace. The Church always exercised this power ; the Church was the mystic body of Christ, and animated with the same spirit. And this power was to be permanent, for had not Christ said to His apostles—" I will send you the Holy Ghost, the spirit of truth, to teach you all things, and to remain with you for ever." His Lordship proceeded to point out that the Church was now holding out the same promises, the same hopes, the same doctrine, and would be doing so till the end of time—urging the same reason to avoid sin ? and exercising the same power to forgive sins when sorrowfully and humbly confessed—offering up the same sacrifice that Jesus Christ instituted, and giving her children the self-same food, the same sacred body and bloodof JesusChrist. TheChurch was ever doing the work of Christ to give peace to the heart of man. Jesus Christ was the same yesterday, to-day, and for ever; and the Church was pursuing the wune path, teaching the same identical doctrines, ant i administering thesamesacraments. There was no roopi for improvement, no room for change; no room for progress; the faith-was to be heldforeverthe.same as ship concluded by pointing out that the 1 worldly-minded in various ways sought for peace, bat they sought in vain, for true and lasting peace could be obtained only by being separated from sin; and he earnestly exhorted all to seek that living water, after drinking of which they will never thirst again—to seek the sacrament of penance, the forgiveness of their sins, and they would find that peace which Christ gave to His apostles. The Catholic schools in and around Ballarat were re-opened on Monday. I learn that the attendance at the three local schools is excellent, and that the school children are all in good health, with no trace of sickness remaining. I presume that the reports from the more remote schools will be found equally satisfactory. The usual weekly meeting of the Catholic Young Men's Society took place on Monday evening at the Library, Dawsonstreet. The chair, in the early part of the evening, was occupied by the vicepresident, Mr. Incledon, and subsequently by the president, Mr. D. Fitzpatrick, J.P. The routine business having been disposed of, highly amusing recitations were given by Mr. Hogan and Mr. O'Connor, after which the debate as to whether a RepublicoraLimited Monarchy is the preferable form of Government, was resumed by Mr. Incledon in favour of republicanism. Mr. Incledon, in a well considered speech, reviewed the history of England from a remote period down till the present time, pointing out the great number of bad and incapable monarchs that had filled them. Under monarchy the nation was compelled to accept the legitimate heir to the throne, irrespective of all considerations as to suitability; and being surrounded by flatterers from infancy, monarchs could scarcely fail to be corrupted by the very education they received. In a republic the training for the Presidency was quite different, and beside, the President was elected by the voice of the nation. Mr. Incledon also at some length entered into the financial aspect of the question greatly o the disadvantage of monarchy. Mr. uffy replied, and tried to defend the areer of many of the English monarchs on the ground that the condition of ociety around them was unfavourable to the exercise of enlightened rule. On the motion of Mr. Whyte, the debate was ad j ourned. Before the meeting separated the president gave a short sketch of the recent combined picnic at Geelong, expressing delight at the happy day that had been Bpent, and speaking in the warmest terms of the courtesy and kindness shown by the Ven. Archdeacon Slattery, and the members of the Gee long Society. The president also expressed a hope that similar re-unions would be carried on. Mr. Duffy and Mr. Incledon intimated that though they had not been present they deeply appreciated the kindness that had been shown to the representatives of the society. Mr. Whyte endorsed, and also supplemented, the president's remarks, and concluded by moving to the effect that the secretary be instructed to convey the thanks of this society to the Geelong Bociety, for their kindness and hospitality on the occasion referred to. The motion was seconded by Mr. Duffy, and was carried with acclamation. Mr. Whyte and Mr. Hogan were appointed joint editors of the projected Montldy Magazine, and essays for the first number were promised. The proceedings closed with a vote of thanks to the chair. 