THE DAVENPORTS' SEANCE. BY A VAGABOND. About 12 years ago I waa in Liverpool The Southern Club in that city waa droop- ing, for, disguise it as we might, it was generally believed, with truth, that, slowly bat surely, the forces of the Union were closing around the Confederacy. King Cot- ton was killed, and Liverpool mourned thereat; and "palmetto flag" Bcarf-pius were still favourite articles of jewellery. I was stopping at the Washington Hotel, and was closely "shadowed" by one of the numerous secret service gentry employed hy Mr. Adams, in England, and on the continent. Rightly or wrongly, he got it into his head that I knew something important. I was certainly "red hot Secesh" at that time. Amusements m Liverpool were rather limited ; the Amphitheatre was coa. ducted in the old- fashioned style ; the Prince of Wales, run by Mr. Alexander Hen- derson, of colonial fame, waa the burlesque house, and a little more popular ; still, for a large city, there was a great lack of variety of entertainment. So my shadow, Colonel \--, and myself, were very pleased to read the announcement of the approaching per- formance of the mysterious Davenport Brothers, who at private seances and at the Hanover-square Rooms in London, had mys- tified men of education and science, and who boldly claimed to perform their wonders by the aid of assistants from the spirit-world. Now at that time there was in Liverpool a mighty athlete, Mr. John Hulley, a gentle- man well-connected and respected, who had devoted his life to the development of his muBcles and the cause of physical education He was president of the Olympia Club, and originator and promoter of the " Games'' held in imitation of those of the old Greeks -in fact, a muscular Christian par excellence. Now, when Hulley heard that the Davenport Brothers and their spirits were coming to Sf. George's Hall he arose in his wrath. He, although not a Good Templar, hated spirits. They interfered with training. He would put the thing down-and he did. Besides, with- out claiming spiritual aid, it was enoagh for the brothers to throw down a public chal- lenge to any man to tie them up, and Hulley was there. What he, the Hercules of the Mersey] not able to tie secure a passive man? He'd have tied down the Devil on such a challenge. So taking unto himself another Olympian, a young surgeon named Cumming, who understood muscles and their modes of action, he went to the first seance, and the motto of his club was successful. Mens sana in corpore sana, these athletes did what all the scientific men of England had failed to do-they securely tied up the Davenports, There was a row the first night, and the money was retnrned. On the second myself and Colonel - attended. He, like many of his countrsmen, was a believer in spirits I think, however, " Bourbon " with a little sugar was his favourite. St. George's Hall waB crowded, and there was a pretty considerable row. Messrs. Hulley aad Cumming were on deck again, and tied np the brothers as before, so tightly, in fact, that the spirits could not undo the knots, and the cords were cat. The Daven- ports claimed that they were brutally tied, and certainly the pressure was pat on, bat being done, what a triumph it would have been to the apirits to release them, and for ever cover with shame Hulley and his ool. league. But on each occasion the Davenports seemed to recognise that as then tied they wero powerless, and they did not enter their cabinet, or make any attempt to release themselves. It ended in a free fight ; some people got their money back, others did not The colonel was much disgusted with the audience. "Blank-blank, Englishmen,"said he, " Won't give the spirits a show." We had adjourned to the café, and were sampling other spirits. "These yere are American spirits," said the colonel, " and they ain't going to be fooled around by any -Britisher. These boys shan't be put upon whilst I'm aboard." Shortly afterwards he started oat to shoot Hulley, and ended the night in the police station. Sequel-Lecture from Mr. Rallies, the police magistrate, and " 40s, and costs." I have since Been the Davenports and other of their imitators. The rope trick is an old one, but in modern coses the spirits have added attractions by graft- ing on to it nigger minstrel properties, tambourines, banjos, and such pleasing instruments. If the spirits really are pre- sent, they bave a very degraded musical taste. I believe with the poet, that there "are good and bad spirits," mostly bad, in Victoria; hat "spiritualism," to my miad, is a humbug. It may be trae to those who believe in it as a truth, bat to nous autres it is a folly. I am perfectly willing to admit that there are moro things in heaven aud earth, especially earth, than are dreamt of in my philosophy, but at all the séances I have attended in the States there was nothing more startling than is performed by a clever con- juror ; nothing moro useful, and nothing so amusing and wonderful as Dr. Silvester's and Professor Pepper's ghosts and talking heads. The representation at St. George's Hall is to me more beautiful and wonderful-folly acknowledged, as it is, to be the work of hnman intellect-than the performance I last night witnessed at the Town. hall, even giving the spirits full credit for being present and assisting the Davenports. Not that the brothers now travel on the spiritual ticket, but onthasiasts in this town claim their performances as "manifestations," which they do not contra- dict, and so I think myself justified in assert- ing that, to the extent of implying connexion with the spiritual world, they are frauds. Bat as a show of this class thoir performance is unique ; they are far ahead of all thoir imi- tators, and time and practice has rendered them, or the spirits, wonderfully perfect in their parts. In spite of the counter attraction of the ball at Government-house, the Town- hall was fairly filled last night. Nearly all the reserved seats were taken, and the body of the hall was crowded. The galleries, how- ever, woro nearly empty. Ministers and priests of many creeds were present, anxious to see the powers of darkness ; and several noted politicians were also on hand, at- tracted by the celebrated cabinet trick, They would have no objection to be in one, and would not care how long they kept their seats therein. The first triok which I saw was performed by selling some " reserved" Beats twice over- highly successful, and satisfactory to those of the one part, but not so much so to those of the other. Professor Fay, who, I believe, is connected with Miss Eva Fay, a noted professional medium in the States, made his customary opening speech, asking for a committeo of two gentlemen to be appointed to tie the brothors. He apoaka to me like a man from the Middle States, with an uneducated pronunciation and a Blight accent as if reared by a negro "mammy." The first nomination was Mr Frank Weston, it being considered, I presume, that as a maker of " Wizard Oil," he would be acquainted with con- jurors' tricks. Thero were loud calls for Mr. Lyster, but he would not respond. Thou " Service" was the cry-a vory good choies, as this gentleman must be well versed in Cabinet jugglings. Mr. Weston first assured na that there was no one in tho cabinet, which we could all seo for ourselves, and Mr. Service said that it was a mere shell, and that any one could boo through the chinks between the panels, This must be a great advantage to those inside, as even when the gas is turned low, every move- ment of the " committeo" must be visible to them. MeBBrs. Weston and Service made a searching inspection of the cabinet, the former gentleman mounting on the top, and being loudly cheered. Every one, by this time, ought, I think, to be satisfied that the cabinet itself has nothing to do with the " manifestations," There waa a good deal of conversation amongst the audience, end rash spéculations as to ."how it waa done," whilst this pre- I liminary business waa going on. The ! "third arm" theory had many supporters ; but perhaps waa outbalanced by the spirit- ualistic An idea that one of the brothers had a sheath round one of his arms, which enabled him to work it out of ita fastenings, had an amount of rationality. Short sash lines having been handed to the committee, the brothers took their seats in the cabinet The process of secnring them took some time, which Professor Fay utilised in again assuring the audience that there waa no de- ception, and rather unkindly exposed Dr Silvester's modus operandi in having bolts in his cabinet which would screw out. The brothers watched the motions of their opera torakeenly. The work I believe was done fairly and well by both. Then Messrs. Service and Weston made speeches, announcing that they had bound the Brothers hard and fast Then the door on the left hand side of the cabinet waa closed by Professor Fay, which waa always first done throughout the evening ; the middle door then closed, and afterwards the right-hand door. Opening them the proceeding was reversed, and as Professor Fay is leisurely in hia actions, one brother has more than half a minute extra to tie or untie him. self. This ia the boy who doea all the work, aa Heenan said of hie left hand. Mr. Service waa requested to bolt the right-hand door, and whilst doing so, the centre door being partly closed and filled up by hia body, he started back saying he felt a hand on his head. Again he essayed his task, and again visibly a black- sleeved arm came from the left hand corner, and this time fairly bonnetted bim. The lights had been turned down dur- ing this performance. Mr. Weston waa now set to close the door, and a hat which had been placed on one of the brothers waa trans- ferred to hia head from the same left-hand corner, Mr. Service testified that he dis dinctly Baw the arm come from the ahoulder of one of the brothers, and yet when exa- mined both he and Mr. Woston affirmed they were apparently aa when tied by them. This from ita rapidity was one of the beat tricks of the evening. I do not suppose it was in- tended that either Mr. Service or any of the audience ahould see the black-sleeved arm. The general idea is, that a bystander receives blowa from an invisible source, and when the spirit arm shows itself, it is not clothed in broadcloth ; but to mo the trick waa only more extraordinary from the rapid manner in which the brother who doea the woik released his hand from bondage. After this the brothers were locked in the cabinet and then commenced the usual noise of kicking, of musical instrumente, rattling ol tambourines, and the tomfoolery generally indulged in by spirits and their mediums. The shape of a hand appeared at the hole, and twice what hore the semblance of a naked hand and arm. Many times through- out the evening the hand showed itself, but never when either of the committee were close to the hole. I have before intimated that from inside it would be easy to see the shadowa of the bystanders. The light was turned down low during all this time, and the naked aim and hand could not bo very plainly dis- tinguished. I don't think, howover, that it belonged to either of the Davenports ; to me it seemed a dummy, remarkably like what one sees in glove-makers' windows, a " pro perty " which might be easily concealed about the person of one of the brothers. Next came the untying process, gas turned off low again, orchestra playing ghost music, and tbo spirits playing the deuce kick- ing the tambourines about inside. Nearly three minutes from the time the doors were closed tho brothers stepped out un- bound. Dr. Girdlestone then examined them, and assured the audience that there waa no third arm, nor any perceptible lams nalnrai to account for the wonder. But I expect there ia aomething under thoae black coats. Anyway, the fact of untying them- selves in three minutes does not, to my mind, require a third arm. Hundreds do that trick-the Davenports much better than the rest. Again they entered the cabinet, and in a little more than two minutes the centre doorwas thrown opon, and tambourines hurled out, aa always from one side, and afterwards the brothers were found bound, tighter, said the committee, than before, one of them appearing greatly distressed, and both as if having undergone great exertion Mr, Service remarked thoir condition, bat Professor Foy had an answer pat "Folka won't freeze shut up in that cabinet half an hour." Then Mr. Service took his seat " amid loud cheers," his bauds tied to the brothers aa usual, and musical instrumenta heaped on his lap. The door waa closed, and the customary row ensued, and afterwards Mr. Service was found released. He said he felt " something like a beetle crawling over his face." Mr. Weston waa tied in like manner. This part of the performance ended with the brothers' hands being filled with flour. In three and a half minutes' time they stepped out free, the flour still in their hands. This is clever, but one handful of flour could be easily disposed of, and with ona hand free either of the brothers could free the other. During the interval, Mr. Cohen joined the committee and others examining the cabinet, A Scotchman, a Yankee, and a - Jew are not often deceived, but the Daven- ports were too much for these. After the recesa, Professor Fay came to tbe front and said-what I am * afraid was a cram-that " the effeote could not be produced in light" The gea waa turned off, and in a few minutes Professor Fay and ono of tho Davon, porta were found tied to their chairs and to the table, the other brother being bold by Mr. Weston. Daring all this " dark séance " the tambourines and banjos placed on the table were flying about the Btsge, and in the scene where tho guitars ara marked with phosphorous oil the effect was very pretty. A little Hour had been scattered around to track any confederate, and ouca the brother who waa bound, waa diacovered with several spots of Hour on his black trousers, supposed to have been spilt by tbe spirits. He seemed rather concornod when attention waa drawn to this, and the marks of exertion which be bore whilst Pro- fessor Fay seemed quite cool, mads tho inci- dent significant The moot wonderful part of the whole entortainmont waa the manner in which Professor Fay first removed his waistcoat, then his coat, and after, warda put on the coat of Dr. Girdle atone, which waa placed on the table by his side, after each performance being found, as certified by Dr. Girdlestone and Mr. Weston, tightly bound in bia chair. The professor gave all orders, and when he called for "light," and his coat waa aeon flying from hia direction whilat he appa- rently waa firmly tied in bia chair, the au. plauso was enthusiastic, and was certainly well deserved. Afterwards Dr. Girdlestone^ coat waa placed in hia banda aa he stood holding Mr. Davenport some distance from where Professor Fay waa bound. Tnia was wonderfully done, and altogether the dark séance is more mysterious than the oabinet tricks. The latter have had many imitators, the former none, I believe, aa regards public exhibitions. The performance concluded with Profeasor Fay and Mr. Davenport untying themselves, a Bimplo thing a'ter what had gone before. All throughout tho professor and the brothers were maatora of the situation, and completely nonplused the committee. Mr. Weston waa suspected by some of being an accomplice, but he tried hia beat at a "euohre." It would have been a grand advertisement for him if he. like Mr, Hutley, could havo tied up the Davenports. I may remark that the Town hall when the lights are out ia considerably darker than the murkiest night, but still people con hear aa well aa soo, and osoula tion ia not quite a silent procesa. Much, however, can be forgiven to the excited attendante at a siíance. On the occasion of e recant " perambula- tion" of the pariah of St George-in- the-Eost, London, it was diacovered that the " bump, ing stone" had been stolen, and the usual " bumping" ceremony had to be dispensed with. 