FIRST APPEARANCE OF THE DAVENPORT BROTHERS. These world-renowned illusionists give their first performance in South Australia attThe Town. Hall, Port Adelaide, on Friday night, November 3\. It is unfortunate for them that the places of amusementin the city should have been engaged, as from the prestige which they have gained, and the amount of curiosity which has been excited with, regard to them and their performance, they would certainly have drawn a crowded house in Adelaide on the night of their debut. The hall at the Port was about three parts filled with what at first promised to be a somewhat too demon strative audience; but in the second part of the entertainment, after indulging in a few vagaries, the Olympians apparently became more im pressed, and consequently were quieter whilst the feats were being carried out, and not sparing of applause at their conclusion. Whilst of course there will be diversities of opinion as to the means by which the various feats were performed for the "million like to be mystified"-we are bound to say that we saw nothing which could not be accounted for in a natural manner. Nevertheless, common fairness impels us to add that the whole performance is an exceedingly clever one, and one which will well repay a visit. On Mr. Ira Davenport the brunt of the work falls, owing to the illness of his brother, and the expedition with which he unties the multitudinous knots in the ropes is of itself sufficiently wonderful to satisfy even those who believe only in the natural theory. The best way, however, to give people who were not present an idea of what to expect is to describe what took place at the seance on Friday evening. On entering the the attention of the audience was attracted to a pannelled cabinet, which stood on trestles in the centre of the stage. This cabinet is about seven feet in width, nearly as high, and say two feet six inches deep. It has three doors in front, which open to the right, and in the upper part of the middle door is a lozenge-shaped aperture. Inside are simply three seats, one running along the whole width of the back, and the others one at each end. Two gentlemen from the audience one being Inspector Peterswald and the other a member of the metropolitan Press examined the cabinet, and reported to the audience that as far as they could judge it was just what it purported to be, a mere shell without any interior appliances, or means of ingress or egress than the doors in front. The brothers then entered, took their seats, and were bound by the same gentlemen, and the doors were shut. Some musical instruments which had been placed within were thrummed upon in a most unmusical manner, tambourines were thumped and dashed about, and hands soon appeared at the opening. In about six minutes time the doors were thrown open, and the performers found sitting perfectly free, with the ropes at their feet. The doors having been again shut, in three minutes the brothers were found tied with a greater number of ropes than before. One of the Com mittee, in endeavouring to shut the right hand door, had a tambourine dashed over his head by a hand from within, and on the other gentleman proceeding to perform the same office a hat previously placed on the head of Ira Davenport was thrown past him on to the stage. Tne doors being finally closed a diabolical noise ensued, instruments dashed about, hands thrust through the opening, and tambourines thrown out on to the stage. On the doors again being opened the brothers were found apparently tied fast as at first. Some little disturbance occurred at this stage of the proceedings, one member of the Com mittee not being satisfied with the tying of Mr. Ira's hands, but on Professor Fay saying that the gentleman was acting unfairly he immediately took his seat again amongst the audience. Several persons then went on to the stage to re-tie the medium, but came away somewhat dissatisfied. Flour was then placed on the hands of each medium, but in about three minutes they stepped from the cabinet free, and the flour was found still in their hands. A well-known gentleman, resident near the Port, now entered the cabinet with the brothers, both of whom were supposed to be firmly bound. The visitor's hands were tied his right to Mr. Ira's shoulder, and his left to Mr. William's knee. Musical instruments were piled upon his lap, the doors shut, lights turned down, and immediately the instruments were barged about as before, and, as the gentleman afterwards said, played on various parts of his body, and hands touched him constantly. After an interval of ten minutes the dark seance began. Messrs. Fay and Ira Davenport sat on chairs in the centre of the stage, Mr. William Davenport and the pianist being held by gentlemen from the audience. In three quarters of a minute, on the light being turned up, Messrs. Fay and Tra Davenport were discovered bound in their chairs. Next, pieces of white paper were placed on the floor under the feet of the mediums, the outlines of their boots traced in pencil on the paper, coins were also placed on their boots. The lights were again lowered, and instantly the guitars lying on a small table near by, which had previously been touched with phosphorized oil, were waved wildly in the air, thrummed vigorously, and finally cast amongst tbe audience. When light was again restored Messrs. Ira and Fay wero found, as before, tied in their chairs. The knots on the ropes were then sealed, and when the lights were lowered Mr. Fay's coat was cast amongst the audience, he being found tied as before on the return of the lights. His coat was then given to Mr. Peterswald, and that gentle man's coat placed on the table. Again the lights were put out and relit, and Mr. Peterswalds' coat was found on tbe back of the medium. Afterwards it was removed, in the same mys terious manner, and found beneath the table. The last performance consisted in piling a number of musical instruments on a table. The various members of the company were held as before by persona from the audience, Mr. Fay sitting with two of the Committee near the table. At the time the lights were extinguished Mr. Fay's hands were clasped over the arm of the gentleman next him, yet almost immediately the guitars on the table were thrummed and elevated to some little distance in the air. On the restoration of light the persons on the stage were found in the same position as previously. This concluded the "manifestations." Lovers of the marvellous will be pleased with the performance presented; and somo of the feats, particularly the flour trick and the last, playing on the instruments, will tax their ingenuity to discover the modus operandi. THE SECOND PERFORMANCE This famous performance, intended " to mystify and not to enlighten the public," was repeated on Saturday night at the Port Ade laide Town Hall. The body of the building was about three parts filled, and the galleries crowded. As on the previous occasion a Committee was appointed to Inspect, examine, and report to the audience, and consisted of the Rev. S. Green and Captain Allen. The Davenport Brothers, on appearing on the platform, were loudly cheered. Mr. Green occupied five minutes in tying Mr. Ira Davenport, and Capt. Allen four and a half minutes with the brother, after which he assisted Mr. Green with Mr. Ira, and continued making fast the ropes for one minute beyond the time used by his col league. The Committee having reported that the brothers were tied to their satisfaction, the articles in the cabinet, consisting of tambourines, guitar, bells, and violin, were put under the carpet. In closing the doors the Captain was struck with a tambourine, and Mr. Green had a hat put over his head, which he stated seemed as if it came from Mr. Ira, and it was equally certain that it had not, because his hands were tied. Two of three doors were fastened by the Committee, the third door being fastened from inside, and during an interval of three minutes thumping of musical instruments and the appearance of hands at an aperture in the cabinet occurred, after which the inmates were found in the same position. Mr. Green next went in, and was tied to the brothers in the following manner -his right hand was affixed to Mr. Ira's left shoulder, and his left to Mr. William's knees. On reappearing Mr. Green reported that during the minute of his incaration hands touched his body and iimbs; a tambourine was put around his neck, and on asking for it to be removed it was taken away; and bells rang and moved up aad down. He did not feel the slightest motion on the part of Mr. Ira, but there was a slight muscular motion in the knee of Mr. William, fhe felt his watch taken out of the pocket, but It was returned. It was difficult to say how it was done. The doors being again closed, in rather less than a minute the brothers appeared unbound, and subset quently returned to the cabinet and were seen alter a period.of three minutes made fast with reef knots. The brothers did not use all the rope which had been left in the cabinet, but Captain Allen reported that they were more secure than he had made them himself, fhe, wishing to enter the cabinet with the mediums, was accordingly tied to them by ropes in the usual manner. In about two and a half minutes he was released at his own request, when his appearance with a tambourine around his neck caused much merriment. He said; "The lower regions are nothing to it. Really, really! Got the d__l all over me. Won't get me there again. I don't know what passed. I wanted to get out, and could not. I won't go in there again for a trifle. There were hands all around me, and I got my hair and beard pulled." the gentleman's statement, delivered with earnestness, was received with great laughter. A spoonful of flowur was then placed in the hands of the mediums, who were still tied, and: they reappeared in about three minutes unbound, with the flour, which ha? evidently been tight|y grasped, still in their hands. During an intervalof nearly ten minutes many of the audience took the. opportunity of examining the cabinet for themselves, but failed to detect anything new concerning it. The dark seance which followed was substantially the same as that of the previous night. The rapidity with which Professor Fay, being found tied to the chair at the time of examination, threw off ,and put on his own and a stranger's coat was astounding, Captain Allen challenged, amid laughter, " the ghost to take the coat off his back," but it is hardly necessary to add that it was not accepted. Eventually the brothers and Professor Fay appeared untied. In concluding the perfor mance Professor Fay said with regard to the agencies they offered no theory. It was their business to present the performance for what it: was worth, and they left each one to draw his own conclusions. They were there not to en lighten, but to mystify the public. The brothers will visit Yorke's Peninsula during this week and make their first appearance in Adelaide on No vember 14. THE DAVENPORT BROTHERS.-These myste rious performers, assisted by Professor Fay, will make their first appearance before an Adelaide, audience at the Town Hall on Tuesday evening next, the 14th inst. The seance is announced to be under the patronage of the All-England Eleven. 