EX TRA OR DINAR V DISTURBANCE IN A CHURCH. As mentioned iu our telegraphic columns the other day, a case of a very unusual nature was heard at tho Woodaide Local Court, South Australia, on Wednesday, 3rd May. Frederick Wilhelin Kleinselimidt and Johnnn Ernest Ffeiffer, trustees of Zum Wemberge Christi Church, Lobotbal, were charged, on the information of WilholmSchu- bert, another trustee, with " misusing, dis- turbing and molesting" Lobrecht Friedrich Ehregott Krause, pastor of tbe uhurcli, while conductingthe service on Sunday evening, 2nd April. The evidence Bbowcd that the defen dants prevented the pastor from entering the pulpit. As reported in the S. A. Advertiser the informant, Schubert, stated that be wais a trustee of tho Zum Weiuberge Clirielii Church, nud also a member of the congrega tion meeting at the church, and Mr. Krnuse had been their pastor for four years and a half. He attended the church in the after noon of Sunday, 23rd April, and heard the pastor notify that he would preach that evening in the church. He went there in the evening, and when ho reached.- the church the service bad not commenced. Tho pastor opened tho service by saying — " In tho name of the Father, Son and Holy Gliost," and reading two liues of a hymn. While these were being suug, the pastor stood by tbe altar in trout of tbe pulpit. When tho hymn was nearly over he en deavored to ascend the pulpit. Klein Schmidt exclaimed — "Now, Ffeiffer, look out." Pfeitfer then " caught hold of the minister by the arm," nnd Kleiuschmidt "caught hold" of him also, and said — " You have to sit down here." An awful row followed. It could uot have been worse if it was inn public house. His (witness's) sou and a person named lvnoske rescued the paster, who then went to the altar anil preached. There was a largo congregation, and the disturbance took place iu their presence. Cross-examined : When the pastor went up to the altar I did not hear hiin say. " Mr. Woltke, what are you doing here, you wicked man ?" I did not hear him say to the defendant Kleinselimidt, "You are under the ban ; you are under the ban." After the pastor had given out two lines of the hymn, and the singing bad com menced, the other party up in tho gal lery commenced siugiug another hymn, and plbyed the organ. They sang the hymn through. The pastor remained at the altar after the defendant prevented him from going into the pulpit. Lebrecht Fried- rich Ehregott Krause said be was the pastor of Znm U'einberge Christi Church. He was appointed as pastor about four years and a half ago by tbo congregation. He remem bered the 23rd of April last. He held a service on the afternoon of that day in the church, and said he would do so in the even ing, at seven o'clock. He attended in the evening. The bell was ringing when bo left his house, but it ceased before he reached the -church. He was not far from tbe church when the ringing of the bell ceased. The churoh door was open. He did not see any one open it. All the people bad not gone in when be got there. He went with two tnMtees, Schubert and Thomas. When he -iv e nt up to the altar ho was us- toniikhed to see Woltke sitting in liis place. The congregation was not engaged in ivorL'lip when he went in. The mode of commenting the service was not the same in all congregations. He commenced it in all ways. His intention on tiiat night was to preach tram tbe pulpit, and when the singing ended he took his Dooks and went to the corner of 4he altar. The steps of the pulpit were occupied by a number of people. Ffeiffer and Kleinsohmidt were there. See ing tbe number of persons on the steps, he gave up his intention to go into the pulpit. When he went towards the pulpit the two defendants took hold of him. Ffeitl'er took hold of his left arm and pulled him for ward, and the other defendant took him by the right-hand side. Both defendants said, "This way; this way," Was defenceless, as his bauds were full. Two persons came to his assistance. He had a conversation with Kleiuschmidt beforo this, when he (KleinBchmidt) called him a tyrant. He told Kleinselimidt that he would put him into the ban, hut that was in reply to something that KieinBCiimiat saia to mm. ae toiu Woltke that he was not in his place, and that he was guilty of a wickedness to intrude in that place. Told him to recol lect tbat he would have to die sometime, and tbat then he would suffer for it. Cross-examined : I did not say to him " What have you to do here, you wicked nhxn!" Did not say "I am iu my proper plate by the authority of the congregation, nud jvill do my duty." I did say, " I am the paxtor of the congregation, and ill your illness I prayed with you." I did uot say " I give -you into the hands "of Satan," or "the Holy Ghost is truly jjot 'speak ing through vmi ; you may say ae much as you like, i will give you no answer." The court then adjourned for short time, I and the parties conferred. Tho counsel inti mated that an arrangement had bean arrived at, by which the pastor was to abandon all attempts to continue his pastorate in. the church, and he was to have rent free for his life the use of the house and premises occu pied by him, and also a piece of land adjoin ing for a vegetable garden. Tbe charge was withdrawn. 