{From the Courier. London. April 1. Her Majesty the Queen, attended by the Earl of Derby, Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs, has arrive! at Ba-1en Baden, on a visit to the Grand Duke Frederick I. 'Her Majesty's new Title Bill has passed the second reading in the H -use of Lords, but the Earl of Shaftesbury, KL.G., has given notice of motion of - an address to the Throne against the title of Empress of India. There is a panic jon the Stock Exchange in Foreign Stocks. The Porte has postponed the payment of the coupons doe this month until July. The insurgents in Herzegovina have sus pended operations, and the Porte has pro claimed an amnesty. Townsville, April 3. — Advices* received to-day coi;firn) the reports of a new alluvial rush, three miles from Millchester. A' present it would appear that no discovery has been made, or to warrant much excitement. Toe WHBhdirt is very t-ii-», being only six- inches in depth, but is apparently making. Several dishes gave a return of about six grains The surrounding country looks well.— The Bla-k bird, steamer, returns to Conktown, with a large number of passengers and horses. — The w ur c Sin^nnnrs .f,«_ ? oiiitcu liUUJ UUBUHUC lUlO ; morning at half-past ten o'ciock, and sailed : again h'alf-an-hour later, having in all some ! 600 passengers on board, the majority for ; Cooktown. — Townsville crowded with dig- gers bound to the Palmer and the new gold field on the Hodgkiason Biver. — The weather is fine. Dalby, March 31. — The weather to day is fine, and there is no appearance of rain, which is so much wanted. Roma, March 41. — Thompson, one of tbe three men charged with stealing cattle from New South Wales, has been again committed for trial on a similar charge. St. George, March 31. — Advices just re- ceived from the Wallan report that heavy rains have fallen, and that the dams and tanks are quite fall. There has also been a heavy rainfall in the Maranoa district. Tambo, March 31. — It is reported, although the advices are not yet confirmed, that there has been rain on the Barcoo, giving a fair sup ply of water and grass. April 3. — Rain has fallen heavily on the Diamantina, Thompson, and Lower Barcoo Rivers. — The creeks are running, and there is grass in abundance.— The weather is still threatening here, and both grass and water are scarce. Warwick, March 30. — The stables of Messrs. Cobb and Co , at Oakey Creek on the Stan thorpe-road, were burnt to tbe ground this morning at four o'clock, and - five horses perit-hed io the flames. The groom, on getting up to feed the horses, found the stablts in fli-me8, and so far burnt as to pieveut the rescue of the horses, which comd be heaid struggling iuside. — A man's shout was heard - close at.hand during tbe fi e, which is supposed j .to be the act of au incendiary. — The weather here is cloudy and warm. April 3. — Mr. James Morton, an overseer of a road party, was crushed to death by a falling tree on Saturday last. The deceased was an old resident of Brisbane — There was frost on the reserve last night. Sydney, March 31. — The report of the select committee on the Sale of the Colonial Wines Regulations Actsoggesta certain amend ments fo ensuie the purposes of -the Act being legitimately carried out. — The Bandwick Asylum Board, after a lively discussion, adopted the report of the sub commit tee ap to the system of management of the institution. — There was a heavy snow storm to-day at Kiandra. OS Gabo Island there is a heavy sea running, with strong south west gale and thick rain. — A man named Martin, while tail ing a tree at Manly Beach, was crushed to death. — Mr. Taylor, M.LA. for Parramatta, bas resigned bis seat. — Tbe Legislative Assem bly was connted ont this afternoon at five o'clock — The A S.N. Co. have placed the James Paterson, steamer, on tbe berth for Cook town, on account of the rush, leaving to morrow.— Large bush.^res are raging iu the suburbs.' April 3. — Mr. Dalley, tbe Attorney-General, stated to tbe Legislative Council this .evening, that he has no intention of leaving the Minis try, and that the question of the appointment of a new Judge had npt yet been considered. — The A.S.N. Co .'si steamship Wentworth, which arrived from Melbourne- on Saturday, encountered a teri^ifitrgale sbwrtly-affctr leaving potr* wilh a StodnnlAinous' ^ea~runifiti'g, com pelling ual^feiti t&difle; -lb heave-td for four honra— jTwq men §tuojc up; yesterday, ^Messrs. I bollard and Saunders store at Hay, and took £80. They also stack-op' a man on tbe bridge, and after taking bis. money, threw him'into the Lacblan River, nearly 'killing him— The weather here is still fine and hot. Melbourne, March 31.— The Loan Bill, in , the Legislative Assembly, has been read for ! the firslfctime, and the second reading is fixed : for Tuesday next. — owing to the stormy weather last night, a large American built ship andicred at- Sandy -Hay. c!ose to Fiinder#. — The^new gold discovery at Norfolk,' near Berlin, is turning out-fairlyy ? April 3 — The lionise, a German man-of-war, arrived to-day'frOnflAithelion Island, and after remaining ' in ' port- a few days, proceeds to Sydney — The Philadelphia - Exhibition Com missioners send ninety three varieties of apples the growth of the colony — A man named Jones attempted snlcidein the Carlton Gardens on Saturday. — Mr. Ellery, the Government astronomer. haB returned from England. — In the case *of Learmonth versus Bailey, nbw before the Supreme Court, a juryman Btated to-day that he had been offered tbe sum of £200 on one side not to agree to a verdict. — Mr, Walter Sberwin has petitioned the Govern ment for a remission of the fine of £100, passed upon him ..for smuggling cigars- — Frederick Boehm, a waiter, has committed suicide at Ballarat, while suffering from a religious mania Auckland (New Zealand), April 3. — H M.S Pearl, t ommo- iore Hoskins, arrived from Sydney yesterday, with scarlet fever on board. One dea'h occurred on the passage, and the vessel has been placed in quarantine for three we«'ks. It is expe^-ted . the Commodore will land the sick and proceed 'on hia cruise. {from the Telegraph ,) 'sidkbY, March .Sl.— The Chinaman con demned to death for murder in ? Parramatta Gaol is to bei executed on the 18th. April — In tbe Assemby last night Mr. V(-Elhnne, accused Mr. Lucas, the Minister {or Mines, of nnjus lv p omoting his son. A scene followed, as a matter of course — Several item* in the estimates have heen reduced in the Assembly ' — Mr. John Yeo, of the Talbr»gar Kiver, died y sterday from the effects of poison received while ekinning a bullock Melbourne March 31. -A Supply Bill for £841 00 has beenlntroduced in the Assembly. The Council are now discassine the Mining and Private Property Bill. — The late Major Bell leaves* property valued at £327,000. — The Wentworth, steamer, bas sailed for Sydney. She has a large number of sporting men on bo»rd. — The performances at the Opera House last night were brought to . an abrupt ter mination, owing to the extraordinary conduct of Mr. Emmett. the actor, who went to sl'-ep on 'the stage. The Gover nor was present at the performance. — Several of the overdue ships from* London have arrived.— The' weather is very cold and squally. DDLAIDE, April 3 — S^ndy Cre--k i« turn ing .out to' be the 'best alluvial diggings yet discovered in th-»; Northern Terri o-y. and several parties are obt-tinine from twelve to twenty ounces of-go'd daily. A publican's license was yesterday granted to S. C. Davy for the Duke of Edinburgh HoteL Claus ASMUS was yesterday sent for one menth to the Reception House at Brisbane for treatment. Asmus was a shepherd, and now is a lunatic— cause and effect. Lieut Connor has completed the survey of the Dundathu Flats, and is now engaged pre- paring the plans. He will commence survey ing at the ' Bustard Ground' on Monday. The Police Magistrate, on Tuesday, held an enquiry as to the cause of death of a Polyne sian who was drowned in the river. The evi dence shewed that the boy, while swimming, had been seized with cramp, and sunk before assistance could reach him. The local Board of Health, after being allowed to lapse, has been once more gazetted. His Worship the Mayor proposes to call a special meeting, of the Council for Tuesday next, to appoint the members and officials of the Board. The sittings of the Supreme Court should commence this morning. Owing, however, to the detention of the steamer at Bundaberg with His Honor Judge Lutwyche on board, they will probably be delayed until Friday. There are but two criminal and one civil case to be heard. Mr. J. Blake, Q.C., acts as Crown Prosecutor. About twenty ladies attended the meeting of the Ladies' Benevolent Society, which was held in tjie Town Hall yesterday afternoon. The President {Mrs. W. Barns) occupied the chair. After some preliminary business, the town was divided into twelve districts, and one or more visitors . apt ointed to each division. The sum of £ 1 1 16s was paid in to the^charity. Several applications for relief having been dis posed of, the business terminated. Mb. BuTTANSHAW, ' our newly- appointed Police Magistrate, has been granted a month's leave of absence, and leaves town to-day. Thus the town will onee more -be left without a person authorised to issue writs of summons, — this, notwithstanding constant representations to the Government of the necessity of vesting the power in some other besides the Police Magistrate. A well-attended meeting of the Mary borough Cricket Club was held at the Southern Cross Hotel on Tuesday evening. After the transaction of some preliminary business, it was decided to accept the . challenge of the Undaunted Cricket Club for a game to be played on Easter Monday. The committee appointed at a former meeting for the purpose of applying to tbe^Goyerment for a ground for cricketing purposes, were urged to expedite their petition. The last resolution passed at the late public meeting to agitate for railway construction in this district, requested the Mayor to embody the previous resolutions in a petition, and send the 6ame to Mr. John Douglas for presentation to the Legislative Assembly. . This has accord ingly been done ; the petition, signed by His Worship on behalf 'of tfaetneeting, goes down this week It -would be.a good thing, however to follow this. up .; when , the House meets by another — a monster petition signed by every adult in the district, women as well as men Our female population have as much interest iu railway construction as the male. The ob taining of signatures for such a petition will cost something, but if the matter be taken up; by the leaders of the movement, the money! will only want collecting. : A portion of the Wollogorang heifers, to. which we referred in Saturday's issue, arrived} by the alclutba. steamer ' 'They are fine speci*' mens of that herd, and will prove a decided! acquisition, to the pp re-bred stock of this dis' trict. We regret to leva - that since their arrival one of their nurnbef has died from- Tn-' ternal injuries supposed, to have been received; in transit by railroad from Goulbum to Sydney* [ It appears that on such occasions ten head are placed loose in one cattle truck, and it is sup-' posed that the deceased slipped, and' being ' unable to rise, was trampled under foot by her companions. A post mortem examination -was i held, showing that the organs were in.perfect health, and that death had Iresulted from vio lence. The remainder of thcSe heifers— ^t£k| head — will arrive by. the s^s. Boomerang! and; after a ehort Kspate, -will proceed to the Hon- 1 duran and Barolin Stations, The attendance at the open-air concert last' night was very large, a fact whicih must have been highly gratifying to the originators of the entertainment, as it helped to replenish the almost exhausted 'band fund,' and showed how thoroughly the public appreciate these weekly concerts. A fantastic and very pretty appearance was given to the grounds by a number of ilkunmated laniems being scattered about the gardens, and the admiration of the elders and amazement of the youngsters was excited by differently colored fires being lit, and rockets let off, at intervals during the evening. The total receipts amounted to £19 3s 6d., quite sufficient to keep the concerts going during the brief remainder of the 6ummer season. At a meeting of the Maryborough, Widfe Kay, and Burnett Pastoral and Agricultural Society, held yesterday afternoon, there were present: H. Palmer, Esq., (President), and Messrs. Clayton, Mant, Jones, Powell, Ailbon, and W. Canny. The judges were nominated, tlje prizes determined upon and affixed to the programme, and the Secretary was instructed to have tbe completed programme published once a week in the Chronicle and News. The meeting wa9 then adjourned until Monday next, when the report of the Sab-committee on ground and buildings for the Show, will come under consideration. An accident occurred late last night at the corner of the Gayndah road by the Primary School. A group of persons were ~ standing talking in the middle of the road when a single-horsfe buggy, containing Mr. and Mrs Maitland and - two -other ladies, -came along. Just as it wag. passing, Emily ►Page, a domestic servant; seemed suddenly to take fright, and started to gain the footpath by crossing in front of the vehicle. She was not, however, sufficiently 'quick. The horse ran against her, knocking her down, and before the horee. could be stopped one of .the fore wheels of the buggy had passed over her body. Although conveyed to the hospital, she is not, it is believed, seriously injured. ? The ' gold fever' has readied Maryborough. Dr Little, the resident surgeon at the Hospi tal, the Secretary to the institution, and the Matron have each tendered their resignation, their intention being -to proceed, to Mulligan's new rush. The schooner Stanley is advertised to sail for Cooktown, and the local agents of the A. S. N Company are 'negotiating for a steamer to be immediately .laid on from this port It would be usdess for us to point out the dangers -and disappjintments to which those proceeding to the new rush will be sub jected. Tbose who are^badly ' bitten' will go despite anything we may say, and we can only wish them success in their perilous enterprise. We have to acknowledge the conrtesy of the Secretary of the Acclimatisation Society in forwarding the report of that body fur the year 1875. It refers exhaustively to the pro* ceedings of the Society during that period' and is beautifully printed by Cleghorn, of Bris bane. The report is accompanied by a schedule of questions addressed to members who have received plants from the Society, respecting the amount Of success they have met with in their cultivation. Those concerning which in formation is principally sought are the follow ing : — Mango, Jaca, Mangosteen, Glove, Nut* meg, Cinnamon, Jnjube, Fiacourtia, Java Almond, Bread Fruit. Carob, Date Palm, Cocoa Nut— any other Palms; Cashew Nut, Coffee, i Black Pepper, Vanilla, Date Plum, Litchi, Longan, and Whampee. -- The ordinary weekly mueting of the hos pital committee was held on Tuesday after noon. Present — the President. Vice- President, Messrs. E. B. C. Corser, C. Powell, S. G. Hill, and J.. B. Ailbon. The monthly accounts, amounting to £244 17s. 6d., were passed. Letters were read trom- the Colonial Secretary stating that a sum of £286 2s. 2d. had been placed to the credit of the institution as ?« balance of vote.' The resignations of the surgeon, secretary, and matron were read and accepted. XI' is their intention, we believe, to proceed to the Palmer gold-fields] The amount received by the collector during the past month was £33 0s. 9d. The secretary stated that Messrs. G* and E. Negus had inti. mated their intention of giving a donation of £10 to the institution. Applications for relief were made by Mrs. Summers and Mrs. Bichards. The foimer was refused. The husband of the latter was stated to be away i seeking work, and she was left with two children. Four shillings allowed pending enquiry. The secretary submitted the follow- . iog classification, diseases, admitted, dis charged, died, &c.;, during the quarter ending 31s- M%rch. 1876 : — Class. Admitted. Dischd. Died. Remaining Fever 25 16 4 5 Lung .. 8 6 1 2 Heart .... 4 2 1 l Bowel .. 4 2 2 0 Hepatic ..2 10 1 Epilepsy .. 1 10 0 Opthalmic.. 2 2 0 0 Skin .... 3 3 0 0 Rheumatism 8 3 14 Surgical .. 28 18 2 8 Other disease ? 20 ? 17 2 1 Total 1G5 70 13 22 Rkmabkh. — There were 28 in the Hospital on the 1st of January, making the total number treated 133. The admissions for the corresponding period of 1876 were 109. J. H. BAKER, Secretary. Another Ministerial job. The Telegraph is informed, on what seems to be reliab e authority, tbat the. Premier has given Mr. t-'hiiip Henry Nind, member for tbe Logan, a six months' engagement as lecturer on emi gration to Qu-ens and in tbe old country, at a salary equal to £400 per annum and travelling expenses. Even the Ministerial Telegraph i8 constrained to raiBe a mild objection to tbe above appointment, and regreifully to en quire—' Who that ever heard Mr. Nind speak for a single quarter of an hour in tbe Legis lative ' Assembly Chamber would say he was qualified to lecture on emigration to Qaeen laind ?' The Qtwenshutder appears this time accom panied by 'its lohg promised German satellite inth&form; of a two-page supplement. Thg latter is introduced with a wholly needless apology for the .meagrenees of its contents,; and a promise that as time runs on they shall become more and tnpre varied and interesting. It 'contains a leading article, explanatory of[ the ^objects ofv the proprietor in fodnding 8 German journal '; anable-and ilear ex position* of the' .*? .conditional purchase ' anfl 'homei stead' clauses and rogulatious vender t^e landj law, as at- 'present fctce ; a repoft, some-f what jp{-st festtyn- — of ^ Wpetjngj.held.at^tbe Logan, ^aijfy in jFeJ-ruary ,j to consider the.e$ tabli8b&$nt of a -jeati;a\ mill i a sumjnary of the woekV ae«B$ and a ?? word fcicturei' descriptive of the persgp apd 'character iff Carl Scburz, the well- known German-American 1 j patriot. 1 The' iBsue is capitally printed and | '- read,' (a rihky point :in: Aierman text) and; does great credit to the enterprise and industry ? of the manager, of the Queenslander, It is notified in a supplement to tbe Govern ment Gazette, published on Thursday, that a Second. General Meeting of the 'creditors of Messrs. Stupart and Young, under proceedings for liquidation by arrangement, has.been sum moned to be held at the office of Mr. Peter MacPherson, Queen street, Brisbane, on Friday next, at Eleven o'clock io tbe forenoon. That one must go from home to bear the news is exemplified- in the following cockand ball story, supplied by the Telegraph's Mary borough correspondent, who seems to be a gentleman of a very credulous turn of mind lie is speaking of the reopeuing'of 'the inquiry iu the -Rtxson murder case, which -is alleged to have been brought about by supernatural agency. This is the story. — The night after the inquiry a man named Adamson, going* home across the reserve, -saw a ghost. If you consider this a laughing matter I assure you the man does not. He becomes fightable if you buf smile when be narrates his experience. This is what he saw; or, if you like, fancies he saw ; First, what appeared like a small heap of black earth. As he approached be saw it move and concluded it was a large black dog But it still kept growing larger, and Adamson was certain it was a drunken nigger. Master ing all his courage be walked towards the ob ject- As he drew near he was seized with a violent shaking, cold perspiration burst out all over his body, a bundle which he was carrying on his shoulder fell to the ground, and his hat rose from his bead. In the features of the apparition he recognised those of Mrs. Rixson ! Then came a voice, ' I am the murdered wife of Hix'on I' The app rition then placed one : of itsliaods -Mr«r_its-momh;_and the other, on its throat, and — disappeared. Adamson does not know how long . he remained in the Beserve, or how he found his way home. Next morning he took his wife's aavice, and told his extraordinary experience to the ponce, and they, growing 8U picious, arrested uixson and Lydia Quipps. . bo far the nar.ator. It only remains for ns to express our. surprise a*, any stlfre^pecting journal giving such rubbish a place in its columns.' Not only does the law positively discountenance any supersti tions belief in the existence of ghosts, but our police force are much too enlightened to act '* on information received' through so unsub stantial a medium. We would strongly ad vise the Telegraph's ' Own' whoever he may be, to put some little curb ou his imagination, lest bis secret should leak out and he be fated to make an acquaintance more tree than wel come with the ''cold grot and moBsycell' of the Brisbane reception house. It appears that at a recent meeting of th Maryborough Hospital (Victoria) there were no less than 45 applicants for the post of secre tary and collector to the institution. The loca^ journal concludes a lively report of the pro ceedings as follows V '1 he number of appli cations for this miserable office, and tbe character of the applicants lead one to think that Victoria is in a very unprosperous condi tion. Some of the candidates are men quali fied to fill high and most responsible positions, and in other colonies their services would not only be in request, but highly remunerated. Then the number of applicants — more than half j of the forty-five fit for everything in general and nothing whatever in particular — shows that tbe country is . crowded with useless per* sons unfit to earn a decent living at any real work ' Dull as things have lately been in in Maryborough,' Queensland, we have' not fallen on quite such bad times as the above description te^ms to indicate, norjneed we fear it so long as this colony gives the political nostrums ;hat have aimoBt ruined Victoria,' a wide berth. A great deal has lately appeared in the southern journals with reference to tbe ap pointment of a day of fasting and prayer for rain, by the New South Wales legis ature. The Courier's Sydney correspondent gives iu tbe sobjoiued extract some insight into the tone of the debate, during which th;s curious question was discussed : — Mr. Shepherd's motion, to set apart a day of national humili ation and prayer for rain, was negatived after a highly interesting, if not very instructive debate. The whole question of the efficacy of prayer was discusEed from every possible point of view. Some members were doubtful of tbe use of it, but thought it would be no harm to try it ; others were certain that good results would follow ; a third party was sure it would effect nothing, a fourth thought it an insult to tbe Almighty, while some did not want rain, and cou'.d not see that tbe country needed it. There was a great display j of blind belief and materialism, for theology was naturaly excluded. Some members asked I if Providence was to be requested to turn on the water ds from a tap on to the districts in need of it ; others talked a good deal about a Heavenly Father knowing what was needed, and the folly of children neglecting to ask for mercy ; but one astute legislator staggered this section by asking, Suppose the child could not talk, what an injustice it would be to withhold the mercy 7 It was not to be ex pected that the matter would be debated without a display of personality, and there w--re several barneys owing to accusations of infideli y and atheism: While the resolution was before tbe House, which refused to order the petition to the Almighty, it was raioing heavily in the places where it was needed. It is to be regretted that these matters are not to be debated without the clergy being re presented to explain knotty points of religion, because sirrc-d matters in profane hands (and I use -the word 'profane' in coutradiBtinction to professional sacredness) are sure to be mis represented. Thus the Assembly refuses to see tbe use of prayer ; then what is the u«e of private or congregational supplication ? One great o jection to proclaim a day for humili ation and prayer was tbat it would be too generally devoted to pic- nits and outings. The modetate men here were in favor of some united action by the churches. Mr. Robertson, who reclined at full length on his b.cch, on being tackled, said, 'Oh, go on; we don't object.' The Courier has the following observations on the late flogging case at Peak Downs, which resulted in the death of a black boy : — The native police force has of late years been a questionable institution in the opinion of a large number of colonists whose views are en- titled to repectful consideration, and recent occurrences in connection with the force will, when known, ceriainly tend to lower it in public estimation. Two cases of brutal cruelty on the part of police officers stationed in the Northern District are of recent occurrence. In one instance a sub-inspector, for some offence, ordered a gin to be tied up and flogged by one of his black troopers. The order was carried out and the woman flogged, the white officer, we believe, looking on. Another white man, from an adjacent public house, witnessing this brutality, had the manhood to protest in terms sufficiently strong to result in his being "ham- mered" by the officer with the help of a black trooper. Such is the story as it reaches us. We believe it is in effect true, and it certainly is a fact that the officer has been dismissed from the service. In the second case, a young blackfellow suspected of intriguing with the women of a police camp was by the orders of the officer in charge arrested, manacled with handcuffs, hands and feet, and flogged first by the officer and then by two of the troopers. It is stated that a riding- whip and a leather saddle-girth were the weapons employed. The boy died two days afterwards. We could dilate upon the effect of these instruments of torture in the hands of three flagellators upon the body of one man ; but, though feeling strongly impelled to give publicity to all the facts within our knowledge of this ghastly business. it would hardly be proper at the present time; to do so, as the matter must surely be investi- gated by a legal tribunal. Meanwhile we understand the Attorney-General is in posses- sion of the evidence taken before a local magis- trate after the death of the black- boy. Mr. Griffith, we feel assured, will not in such a case shirk his obvious duty — The same journal, in a subsequent issue, states that Wheeler, lately of the Native Police force, has been arrested for his treatment of the black boy, whose brutal illusage was the subject of a paragraph in our issue of yesterday, and after being brought before the Bench at Clermont has been remanded. A CORRESPONDENT of the Ipswich Observer writes : — ' As I promised to inform you of what was going on on the Palmer, or any other Northern gold field we visited, I beg to inform you that we have proceeded so far on our journey north without discovering any payable gold, althongh we found the precious metal to exist in a very large tract of country. Every place we tried on Boganban run we found gold, but nowhere payable ; but still I believe payable gold does exi-t in that locality. It is fifty miles due north of Na nango* * * * Frim 1 xieanban we went to Ban Ban, on which station there are sGme very rich copper lodes— in fact, the best I ever saw (that is, for quality on the surface) ; bat the transit to seaport as yet is too expen sive to profitably work copper mines in that locHlity. It is situased west of Kilkivan diggings. Toere is also a little gold to be obtained, but I don't think it is (arable any where in that locality. Tbere is some beauti ful country north of &anango.; Between that Gayndah tbere are some of the finest flats I ever saw, for their exteu% with plenty of. what I consider permanent water.' 