The Hamilton Ghost. writes:- ' .. ., . .' A considerable sensation prevails in the neighbourhood of Macarthur owing to the nocturnal presence of an apparition which has been seen by several persons on the estate of Mr. Carmichael, at Harton Hills. It appears that four men working at a job of fencing, were camped about two miles from the head station, when they were alarmed some three or four nights ago by seeing a figure, draped in white, stalking backwards and forwards in the moonlight. So frightened were they that they beat a retreat to the station, and communicated the par- ticulars to Mr Toward, the overseer, whilst a dog they had with them participated in the alarm, and ran away howling piteously. Next night a party of eight, including a policeman from the township, biv- wacked in the haunted spot, and five of them were rewarded, by geting a sight of the ghost. The news began to spread, and we understand that a large party is to be made up from Macarthur, with a view to solve the mystery, if possible. Tra- dition states that the locality in question was, many years ago, the scene of a fatal affray between the early settlers and the aboriginals, and that in these encounters the blacks came off second best. Of course, the supposition is that one of the natives so disposed of has 'jumped up whitefellow' in fulfil- ment of the aboriginal belief, and hence the astonishment of the nerves of the fencing party by his 'counterfeit' presentment. It should be mentioned that the ghost has already one casualty to answer for, inasmuch as one of the intended interviewists, in his hurry to get a sight of the apparition, was thrown from his horse and broke his leg. We trust some of those who may have been fortunate enough to have seen the thing will send us a progress report. INGt."-The ios't popular of the San key h3mn, is iiikely +,tq help a can-i e'datle lho i, at pire?et eekring to bhe appointed sergenut-at-arms in the SAmnerieti Con' rc.4 :Thi: {s'Ge teiil John M. COr'oe,' wh commandedt a division , ? li., trlnia's ,army, iin l was in cominand of the flrt at:Ala toona whlten Shermuian' sigitl l'ed ivei 'thc heaidT of therliyel'ar ty 1 " Hcld the blrt-I ai m crloming I -a-tit.sin cideiit seized 'iJiont a 'tie basis of the popul it hyinn.' '-Gent'iil'O bse, thohi wvoun?ndd did hliold thie fort and one of"oiut;h:l'liciigo contemltpor aries renmarks tliht,;uinles' 1the,ney house, at,,,.Washingtton ils ',prepared -to mtrove back on the ipolitical ' dial tiftee?i'ears ihe will le' thewinning man in this cotite?,'With 1?ballihots in jilike of buIllets.- He is oippo.ed by an irreconcilable roboel 1fiomn .' Mfuty, ,land, named Harris. OvRwonRK.-Dr. Wilks, of Lon don;,-writiitg ont :-overwoil?k, 'sh?s 'My wn , iphi'i iht "1l t're belen expressed, tiht'tlhe evilis ?ieIBilig, it on the eortminitty atl Int, ar e 'iastl5hiver-estimated; anitlIjid atit ,from iny;own, exprience, thei. per-t sons, with ,.aunst ing., nerves ,.-ho apply :.to' the idoctor,!:nare ;notitthea prime minister, 'the'/bishops ,judges,. and hard workin g;,.profeionai-l inen, but, merchaut`s and stroukbrokers re .tired;.,frqmln, businoess,,;,governrnten t .clerks: who work.nfiomniten to flr,; -women' ,whoso doiliestici hii ies'And, bad setviats'ane drivimi thor'nit6 the gruave, young lIidies wlvos' it' sits to -the villiage. school, or Sunday.-per-, formance on cthdejorgan are under-' mining their health, and so on. In; -slort, in; myy experiencel1 se''se moro til inetis avise fr'omn'Vttit of occupa itrg the varius kminds,,of, nervous 'and d:"yspeptic ailments, whic h' w are constnntl yteat.eng, I find' at .leiist; si due to idlieness to::one from overwork'. ,; ? :1 ol.aJ, l)tj Tlhroumih a Melboaurne journal we lear.' that a' t an :inquiesi?'did 3nri Adelaide on ,the body' ,ofa' woman whlio died of .Scirlet ifevei 'a;fterl Il~i ing been attoided by a chemist only tihe ju'yvretut ntdd thefilloWiin'vero dict:--'rhat she died: of scarlet feuver \VWe are of opimion thiat Mr Wood is hig!hly censurale-for prescribingn ,i this case, and that the.piracticeof , chemists proescribingin serious:cases of ill ness; -should "'bio disodntilinbid. :Thejeury are dms't~isd w\t ith the il an itary stiate" of ttl? house arnd yard where deceasud died, aill co?usidl?r it a: disgiice:te t:the :sn ,i i ta'iiitiliori ; ties. The coroner said lhe would direot the special 'attentiori of the ihoin, the A:ttorney-Geemral 'to the verdict,.the juryhad retiurned: The Dea'd of, Wintor:?-Flieds i Clerical :Errors;-Three quarters of' an hour: sermons,. To Mt"MfAi- Qut~Jlf 'Jii.-? Jre, r8m6viethe'core and cut thequiinces ntotb .hitfPi?ch 'l'ices:- I"For :every pbunri bf 'frti?t take a'-pound of're= fihned'H ngl, r. . PFlhce : the sliced jileiides nltb eeirthenwa re, enaimelled ?rL WivbdBnr 'v'essels, ('sprinkling a li tlesuigair over each' layer. E o?When thi' tdish'esbxi'vessels are full, spread thi'e ,etTriiining" suari over'Yth:st'op.l Let'te?li h;ol e stand- this dortwelvb or more h6odrs,'atidr boil;, in copper oi sil 8Ierlt"pitit ,brislklyd'fotrliil'f'aiIf hoei'r,'Isti rrl n· the whole tiine.%,B'd ciiietul: htlhitiroe 'of" the liqiior fiom lie"feruitti~lo st int' tinnsfevrripgdittd' thli boilin~ipans; 'tllhe'boiling must lbe coditi?n'ou§'forth'e' lalfhodiur. rIb Swold ta?b four' h'oursito boil i'suffi ciently by thle old plg.ri ; elovessor 6itherspices 9rcnr! be' addedd in' theb pinrisa if desired.Li,Tli jaiti:h'nust kbe bnttled wierii h'otiand??whben.cboled securely' cdrkedi and- seailed:w 'T'h, seeds a?ltd'jhllyy taen "froni the gores aiti6. ilitce'l in th, jitrm; whilef'boiliin is' an imlinovemeiit to it. .,? ,rfnoill:"N GO's'tB 13itiliniii ri'ed in" tilidMc'eids9 "i i,' titl 11 t " fit : i;: 'i lll'i iiii 6: tlins' corlnjlilBrg her thuitº-sixli rip'" iL' u id "thet worold." } Sl' ie siid designerd 'by irfiel, aiid biiilt'"at Biistol, and i iiJilly'; t1S45 hmtiade het. maiden V'iageo"fr1n 'Liverpool 'to New Yprk in fourteen' a~hs' "He'r di mnensiois o rii Idoiigtli e ?trerime' 330) i't, b'iedlath" 57' ft?,"` dciithl321ft,. witLh eif.inei bj'Pi3ii,'dff 500' lior~e power. T ihe weicht of iitoti'used'n liefhull'hilbnt'is 1040 o t'or'is~, hich4i Iiabout equan ito an afv6fage thicknriss if 2 .iihi Since1852 ili?depenident of hler' employment in CririeiL d'i- I ing,1854 and 1855, she has saledI 1ver " 000,000 nautical mInhl' er last voyage out from GravesenA to Melbourine oily occupying fiity=fdiri d,'fas. and when recently su}iveyed sqiO wasi pronounced to be one6' tli stion*e.st vessels in thie nercan tile marine. - g· neer , - Ulary 4;, ' ".t ., i u' . U , s" .:He. Iloves.you ,better,.,who,,stri ve? t.o. rnakilSe' yQuaggC,, th?an;,hei, y, i strives,.to please you. ·.i, ; i:i , f't ! 'ir t. !':;1 .1 a. -r r " 4 