Our Southern oxcliaugos bring us_ full reports of tbo Intercolonial Exhibition of Now South Wale's, held in Prince Alfrotl 'Park, Sydney, on tho 25th of Anvil, infl fallowing (lavs, -Po aro loo king forward' to the first exhibi- tion, in August, oft ho Natipnal Agri cultural and Industrial Association of Queensland, tho intorcst attaching, to tlio' proceedings across tho Border is somowhat less this year than usual ; hut tho Exhibition itself shows no signs of docnv, and tho genoral interest is un- abated. Thoro is, however, one thing to bo considered. Though called Intor- , colonial, tlio Sydney Exhibition is almost exclusively confined to New South Wales, the exhibits from tho othor colonies being on a very limited . scale. This is chiefly owing to distanco and to tho heavy cost of transit. Whilo, there fore, an annual exhibition at Sydnoy shows conclusively the position of Now' Sonth 'Wales as regards tho develop ment of her pastoral, agricultural, and mining resources, her manufacturing industries, and her trade and commerce —all, in fact, thnt go to mako up the material well-being of a neonln— -tho QbitQA ywiwuiwu uiw aOau UUb UA Xllu CQIDII" lation, and wo fail to got oven a hint as to their relative status. It is their own fault, doubtless, hut that is not the question; Wo want a satis factory result— not merely a reason for its absonco. Ono of our contempo raries — the Town and Country Journal — throws out a valuable hint on .tho sub ject. The suggestion is to make tho intercolonial exhibitions' quinquennial instead of annual. Tho writer says : " We might consult tho convenience of neighbouring colonies by inviting them to send us once in five years whatever they might doom suitahlo for. a 'grand Iutorcolonial Exhibition. And for the four intervening years wo might ho contont with a view of tho products of our own colony." To this if is added: "It would be more complimentary to tho producers in other colonics to ask them to moot us in Sydney at such intervals, whou wo might reasonably oxpoct to soo thorn assembling1 hero in largo forco, ' than to hold out , a slnnding yearly invitation, with which comparatively few can spare tiino to complyi It cannot bo expected that wo should receive, every year, suoh a display of their products as would make the titlo .'intercolonial' appropriate." Of course the Queensland Association is rqwing in the sauio boat. Thoy, too, bblievo in annual .'Intercolonial Ex hibitions, and already talk of tho "Intercolonial Exhibition of 1876," following which will be tho "Inter colonial Exhibition of 1877," and so on ad infinitum . It is evident, however, that: annual intercolonial exhibitions are a more fiction. ' Liu-mug iu mo oyuuoy R/XUlUlUOn; wo find, from tho reports, referred J to, that the exhibits in most of tho depart ments show a great advahco ujion tlioso of 'provious years. This is very con spicuous in tho implement department where wo find all the newest and best appliancos for doing everything, : and where colonial manufacture holds its own side by side with tlio best English and American articles. " Tho colonial made ploughs," wo are told, " are an oxcoediugly clevor adaptation ; of both tho latest-English and American prin ciples to the requirements of our own agriculturists, and. undoubtedly our colonial manufacturers in this, kind of work, as in others whore thoro lias boon competition, have shown themselves quite tho equal, if not tho superior, of othor makers:" This speaks volumes for tho colonial makers, for it appears that ".tho imported articles are much more varied than before, a hundred-fold moro valuable, and of muoh greater 11 II A An 1 lltllltll 19 f 1 1 1 1 A . A«r1i « 1%% in . All mm ULULU1 UtilUlrjr / XXLU UAUlUivO ill ulalo division nro about 25 per cent, in excess of thoso'of the procoding yoar. Stoclc-hrooding sooms of lato to havo mado wondorful progress, and from all parts of Now South Walos tho cattlo oxhibitod this yoar havo novor been surpassed. This is ono of tho most prominent features of tlio show, and indicatos cloarly what importation, good soloction, and carol'ul brooding can accomplish. A much largor number of broedors avo roprosontod this yoar ; and though, as a mnttor of course, tho stock belongs chiefly to tho colony, yot Queensland, Yiotoria, South Australia, nnd Tasmania havo onterod tho lists in a vbry spirited manner, nnd exhibit oattlo. equal to' those of tho sister colony both in strain arid appoarance. Tho ontries for Durhnms or shorthorns nro especially numorons: and- oxcellont. A still groatcr advance haB been mado in tho horse stook dopartmont. Thoro are , 265 , entries, or - doublo tho' numbor- at tho previous exhibition. A. largo num ber of find youug animals aro shown, but tlio woll-bred draughts, and liorsos for farm and gonoral purposos, aro superior, and attraot . gonoral attention. Tho shoop oxhibited aro about tlio snino in, numbor as last year. Tho quality, is ; fully superior, nnd a largor number of broedors aro repi'osontod. Tho wool oxhibits aro of tho host- quality, 'but thoro is a falling off to tho oxtont of about .100. -. .This is . accounted for by ; tlio fact that largo oxhibits havo boon forwardod to tho Philadelphia Exhibi tion. But thoro is nothing to complain » it nit. . i 'LIaa 'J anva tli a Tnum ftntl 01\. luo OAUiuiwj hujw v«w v Country, "aro most creditable, and givo as complete and satisfactory an ostimato of our wool-growing capabili ties as. could otherwise havo boon so- curocl." , i Turning to another dopartmont, wo find that the wino-growors havo mus- torod in considorahlo force, and that nearly ovory; district in tlio sistor colony is roprosontod. Tho oxhibits point to a steady dovelopmont of this industry, and thoro are ninny now exhibitors — which is always a "healthy sign. Tho Victorian vignerons show well, and nro bent upon carrying off tho palm. Sugar is nowliero. Tho only colonial exhibits are tnoso oi um uuiuiiicilwu£u.l Refining Company, l>ut_ somo good samples havo boon sent in ironi Now Caledonia, which may, as a sugar pro ducer, rival Queensland ono of thosodays. As rogards agricultural productions, Now South AVnles is rivalled, if not eclipsed, by Tasmania and South Aus tralia. In "tho art -and nrtizan sootions thoro i steady iinproveirient to ho noted. Tho furniture of colonial manufacture io oopt'uluily worthy of mention, as it shows that an industry, wlion suitod to tlio place,, requires 110 high tariffs to foster ; its growth.' 'If of, sufficient natural ' strength, it survives the com petitive strugjflo, ;atid roots itself in tho soil. If too weak it gives up the ghost, and makes room, ns ;it ought to do, for nloA WTtfllAllf l'Allhl Y\ OUiUUlUJU UlOU) IU9UUU9 auuuaujj UUW tax-payers. In' the arts much nocos- sarily remains to bo done ; but tho colony is making rapid stridos oven in that line, and we havo littlo hesitation in saying that tho noxt quinquennial oxhibitiou.will astonish not a fow. The Customs. — Tho rocoipts tit tho Book-, humpton Custom Houso for tho .past - ivcok amounted to iC1674 17s. 2d.. Lunacy. — A man uamod Patriok' Blak.o was brought down by tho Tinonco, s'.s., yostorday, from Maokay, in cliargo of Constablo Laoey, couviotcd oMunaoy, and under committal for ono month to tho Lunatio Roocption House. at tho Post Uilico lost evening had not arrived at tho usual hours, , ,Tho .flooded -stato of tho crocks caused by tho lato rains ; is probably tho reason for tho dotoution. , , . Mail Notice. — Mails for Brisbn.no anil tho intorinpdiato ports, : per Lady .Bowon, s., will oloso (so far as at prosont known) at tho Post Offioo this ovoning at six for registered, and at eight o'clock for ordinary lottors. ToRRESjSTRAiTs Mails. — The correBpondcnco por Quoousland .mail paokots viil Torres Straits for tho month was : — Dispatched, 2344 letters, 37 paokots and 1951 uowspapors; rcceivod, 897 lottors, 46 packets, 17-13 nows- . popers, . . . . . Assault and Battery,— A 'cato of 'assault and battery of a trifling character camo boforo tho Police Magistrate on Saturday, and tho dofondaut, pleading guilty, 'was firiod 10s., with 4s. Gd. costs of court, 'and in default of immodinto payinont -18 hours in tho colls. Central Queensland Graziers and Farmers Sooiety. — By advortisomont It will ho soon that in consoquonoo of tho inclomonoy of tho 'Woather, the comihittoe mooting of . tho above 'his boeri'p'ostp'ofiod from Saturday, thoGtli,nntil Wodnosday noxt, tho 10th instant. Horse-stealino. — William Ilonry MoKoan was brought boforo tho Polico Magistrate, ou Saturday, oliargod with Btoaliug a bay horso, tho proporty of John Browning. Mr. W. K. D'Aroy appeared for tlio prisoner, who ploadod not guilty. Constablo John Kelly proved tlio arrest, of tho prisonor., ,Tho ovidonoo, of tlio' prosecutor, John Aloxandcr Browning, was also takon, and tho prisonor was remanded for oight days for tho production of further ovi donoo. Bail 'was allowed — prisonor. in £100, and two suroties in £50 caoh. The Sir Charles Cowrrin.— This vossol is to return to BriBbauo. Slio has boon under ohnrtor to tlio Harbor Dopartmont for tho past bit TYinnflin Mia rif hm< on mownmrnil lias ' expired. On lior trip to Capo Capricorn last week bcr boiler, gavo out, aud sho had to put back to town. There is nu doubt that sho could ho mado a capital littlp boat; at. present, ovori witli a bad-boilor, she'caii go at a clipping paco for hor sizo. Sinoo writing the above wo havo learned that Mr. Johnstone, tho onginoor, has repaired tlio boilor, which was leaky, and th'at Bfjoamer-iSjiiow fit for sorvico again. School oi' Arts. — Wo are informed by tho Sooretary, Mr. fW. J, Gumming, that ho is desirous;. of gotting'in aB' .much monoy as pos sible within tho noxt two or threo wookB, in order to soonro a proportionate share of tho Govornmont grant for tho institution. The amount -subscribed1,' etc.. must bo liotlfled at head quartors by an early date, othorwiso tho grant will bo lost nltogotlior — nnd ovoryono knows that tlio more monoythoro is collect oil, tho largor will bo tho grant. It is to bo hopod , therefore, that tho meinbors will pay up any arrears of sub3oriptious|that may bo owing, and thereby render tho useful institution to whioh thoy bolong still more oflioient. AVo nood say no more. ' ' The Immigrants. — Tho rain- lias prevented many of tho immigrants from ioaving tho dopGt, hut it doos not scopi to havo retarded tho hiring. Nearly all tho single girls lmvo found situations, only soveu or oightromnining for hire. Tho single mo'u hnvo also boon vory fortunate, Twonty-fivU of tho labouring olass liuvo boou ongngod for the railway extension, and go up tho lino tonlay. Anumbov ofotliors linvo boon drafted off for station work, &o.;, arid a- fow mairiod' couploa huvo also found liomoBi It is oxpcctod that a pretty good clonranco will ho offootod this wook. Mr Boyson, tho wardsmun, boars testimony to tlio gonoral good . boliaviour of tho immigrants,- who, .now that tho first oxoitomont of landing is ovor, soom all anxious to got employment, aud not a fow oxpross considorahlo disappoint ment at not hpirig engaged right off tho reel. Muddy Footpaths.— Wo lire aooustomod to boggy strcots and footpatliB, but ono would . soarooly . look . .for . quagm V? cs undor . tlm.y crnn- dalis when tlioso nro roasonnbly sound. Yot, during tlio prist 'fpw. dnys, tlio' south ,sldo of. 'EaBt-stroot has boon studded lioro and thoro ivitb porfcot sloughs of dosporid; whioh atoppod trnfllo mid compelled pedostnaiiB .- to turn asido into tho road and tho rain.iu order to got along with anything liko comfort. Aud tho paradox is, that ovor these marshy spots tho' galvlmiacd iron is sound and strong. Thoro is no mystory , about' tho oaso ; thoro is; no. bnok drairingo, : nnd tho footpath is out.up by tho storm waters, j wliioh find thoir way to tho front. Tho ovil: oould bo'romodiod at littlo cost ; and it is muui- , fost that 'so long as if is allowed to oxiBt, wo '. Blinll havo no dry footpaths. AVo nro quite wollj aware that tho Corporation cannot do ovory- thing nt -onoo, but it strikqs us— rind many more bosidoa— that vroought to bo oxompt from oxccssivo quantities of mud and water under- tho vornndalis of tho best busiuoss Bootiou of our prinoipnl stroot. The Dredoe.— Tho' old drudge— tho "Fitz-, roy " — which is nt prosont on tho slip at tlio Uppor Flats, has boon Gleaned and. painted, nnd is now undorgping a fow slight alterations undpr tho diroctioriof Mr. Harrison, tho supor- iutandont ' of dredging.- Wo understand that tlio woll is.tobo furnished with a.falso bottom, to render tbo dredgo soa-worthy, as about tho boginning . pf Juno sho will, according to pro sont arrnugorionts, proceed to Gladstono, and thcnco, after a month or two's dredging, to Maryborougb, where tlio work will bo ' of a moro protraobd character. Tho Mary will go to Gladstono vith tho dredgo, and will remain there till tho arrival of tho Lucy, Smollio and : Co. 'a new stonn-tuir. Tho Marv will then re- turn to Rookiampton, as sho is required for tho rivor iinpDvomonts. Moanwliilo, tho puntH will bo put oritho slip as soon as tho dredgo is: finished. AVc- understand that tho contract for' tho supply o: stone for tho training dyko has . boon signed .scaled, and sottlcd, and that opcr- ations will oimmonco as Boon as tho wharf and tho punts aio ready. Boforo that, howovor, Mr. Murtindao will lmvo tested thostono; mado a road or trnnway from tho spot selected — which is ono if tho mainspursof thoBorsakor — to tlio now wiarf ; and got his moii uml appli- anoos ready t» start. Tho work will thorigo steadily on redct MY. Gibbon's suporintond- enoo... As already stated,' Mr. Harrison 'has marked out tho l;no. of .tlio training dyko by moans of . piles and beacons, and has. taken tho noocssury soundings ; and sinoo tho completion of tho dredging operations, 'tho nurbour Do- partmont hnvo sounded and biioyud tho chnuuol afresh, while tho iaorciisod dopth- is showu at tho lightship. ' , ! ' The Late Rains.— Tho rain, whioli foil dur ing Friday and Saturday may woll bo regarded ns a boon to tho entire district. Something: moro than four inches and n half was registered in ltookhnrapton during tho firao it lasted, nnd from tho liorsakor Ruugo it oamo down in suf ficient volumo to mako all tlio crooks baukors during Saturday, so that tho stronms aud wnterholcs ovory whoro aro again in full supply. A rosidont at Stauwbll, who. has found his cultivated crops failures during this season so, far, was on Saturday cousidor.ibly ohoored by tho visitation, ns -ho said it was tlio firBt good \- ... l.'„,l a;inn.;M L;0 uniprhbor- hood sinco tho Hood of JL8Y6. AVithin.nmiloor two of liis soloction lioavier rains, had' fallon, and protty fair returns hod boon 'realised in culti vated lands, -his being quite oxooptionnl. . This rain, having oomo so closely on thoiliools'of winter, will not evaporate so quiokly as tho suinmor rains do, owing to tbo dcolining lioat, and although it can hardly ho oxpoutcd to oauso anything , liko . a vigorous spripir iu tho grass, it will havo tlio effoot of froshon- ing it and of.holping forward ull agricultural and 'horticultural opor'ntions. \Vith' a fow frcahouing showers between this nnd tho 2Gth of July, th" agricultural olassos of tho. Fitz- roy P. A. and H. Socioty may show some thing liko a hoalthy competition ,'and with tho favourablo wcathor whioh lias so far bocn.our portion this fall, tho show at Graaomore, under tlio. auspices of tho Central Queensland Graziors and Fnrmors Sooioty, should bo at least an approach to a success. Cupid; and Nettune.— Stbrn old Noptuno has boon again discomfited, ns ho ought to ho. Ho has won many a sad victory, but lio can do nothing with Cupid, who laughs at matrons and Govornmont regulations. On tho Stratli- oam ho seems to havo done tho usual nraount of inisohiof ; but this is no fault of tho author ities, for ho shoots his darts from tho oyes whon ho can do no hotter. At nny rate, tho aid of Hymon, tho lioulor, had to bo invoked on the arrivul of tho immigrants, and already wo liavo board of their weddings, though, ns a matter of ' oortainty, wo only know of ono, . whioh wfts colobrntod at tho depftt on "Saturday last', by . tlio Rov. R. Hartley. Tlio brido, it is said, was tho " hollo"; of tho ball/'- and tho lucky swain had boon constablo ovor tho single : girls— a post whioh, iu future, should be put up to ihe Ingest bidder, considering what, a. splendid prizo may bo won. It .is , Baid that Brigham ftLUUUJJ UUU Viiu AlLUimuU uiuuia gu Uliu LU IUUOG tho immigrant carnvuns as thoy approach Salt Lako City, to got tlio prottiost. girls to tborn- solvos ; but thoir chnnoos are poor iri compari son with tlioso t tho disposal of a constablo ou board ship, who has fifty or sixty blooming dnmsols .to ohooso from, and threo months to make up liis mind. Tho ptizzlo is how, with so many dear charmors ull together, ho ovor comos to mako up his mind at all. .< Cattle Feeding. — Tho followiug .incident, which occurred at Lyndhurst Cattlo Station will show, says The Cleveland Bay Express, what good country combined with jtidioious breeding will do in tho way of producing first- class cattlo. A buyer of cattlo for tho Palmer singled out a fino looking bullock, fivo yoar old, during tlio muster, aud mado a wager that tho boast would not weigh moro thnn 1000 lbs. '1'ho wager was nocoptod, and tlio nuimnl killed. It -was allowed to hung all night on tho gallows. Noxt morning it was woighod iu tho prosoneo of a numbor of rospoctablo witucssos, and was found to turn tho scales at 11G7 lbs. Tho losor then offered to hot thnt tlio bones of tho boast would weigh 250 lbs. This hot was also no- und their woiglit was only 220 lbs., so thnt tho actual woiglit of beof was 947 lbs. Tho man of doubts then made ti still hoavior bet that not a cow aould bo found in tho mob to woigb 900 lbs. A co w was killed, and aftor a niglit ou tlio gallbws was found to weigh 903 lbs., arid bIio bonod 830 lbs. of boof. AVo havo this ori un doubted authority, arid wo publish tho.fuots, as thoy will givo peoplo on idoa what tlio benos of n well-bred boast should woigh. Tho tWo boasts iu question wore both woll-bred oattlo, viz., about tliree- qunrtor brod Durhnms. AVo quoation if, many stations .in: southern Qucoua- luiid could como up to this, Unihtb.— Tho writer of "Smilos," in tho Ipswich Observer -of tho 20th April, sayB " Somopooplo havo ominontly original idoas on tho subject /of ..food suitablo for tho human stomnoh. Iri passing through Boonloigh wo stoppod,'at n shop whioh bore uToutonio in sonption on tho linitels of tho door-post. Our soul longed for abnnann, nnd wohaifod aliostlv Gormanio dumo who was soatod innida with thnt look of placid culm nnd holy contentmont ,.- which. . bonms and ..radiates, .upon, tho Grooiau fonturos of tho trafflo mnnogor when ho is fondly porusing tho Ipswich Observer. Tho worthy damo oriirio waddling out with that dignified Btrido poouliiir to tlio Muscovy duck. "Havo you uny bonnuas, gonllo muidf' "I po Rlioost got dose lootil boonCh." " But tlioy uro not ripo, my lovely friend!" " Vol!, doy poosh not ripo, but if you sIioohIi hang doin up for two daish doy vill po verra- goot !" AVo explained that thoy wore intended for immedi ate mastication. " Veil, don, you tukos dom, tho soon po ripo !" , It took about two yards of tho English lnngungo to oonvinco tliatToutonio damo that nature navcr intondod our stomaoh to bo n storo-room to liahg up greori hannnns to got ripo ' hi, after 'which 'wo turned round and redo sadly away. The Smyth Enquiry. — Tlio Molbourno, correspondent of tho Courier, writing on tlio 25lh instant says: Mr. Biougli Smyth baa boon on his dofonco for tbo last fortnight. Ho compares his position to Hint of n llod. Indian biu-iiing lit the stako. with n tribo of exulting .savages dancing round him. Bo that as it may, his dot'onco lins boon oven more damaging to him tliriri tho accusation. Ho is moro liko ;Esop's jay denuded. of his borrowod fonthars tlinh the Rod Indian ho speaks of himself. For, ho has confessed, undor sovcro pressure, that his real namo is Robort Smith ; that in ;1852 lie biguuil rocoipts for pnymout to himsolf- as a drayman with that signature ; thnt lie lias surreptitiously torn up, or other wise mado away with, important public docu ments benring on tho prosoiit ouquiry ; and, worst of all, to n series of questions based ou tho Bivorn oviilcnco of his acousors, liis solo reply was tlio nun mi ricordo of tho ovasivo witness in tho famous Stato trial. Ou tho whole, it may bo said of Mr. Bob Smith, or Mr; Urough Smyth, wlriohovor oognomon tho ox-Sooretary for Minos rojoicos in, that ho has dono himself moro injury a thousand times than all liis acousors. An ArrARiTioN. — Tho Hamilton (Victoria) Spectator writes : — " A considorahlo sensation prevails in tho neighbourhood of Macarthur owing to tho nocturnal prosouoo, of nit appari tion whioh has boon soon by several porsouB on tlio estate of Mr.' Carmichacl, at Hnrton Hills, lb appears that' four inou working at n job of foncing, wcro camped about two miles from tho lioad station! when they woro nlnrmod somo threo or four nights ago by sooing a figure, draped iu wliito, Btalkiug bnckwurds and for wards- in tho moonlight. - So frightened wcro tlioy that thoy -boat a retreat to tho station, nnd communioatcd the particulars to Mr. Townrt, tho ovorsoor, whilst' a dog thoy had with thom participated iu tlio nluriii, and ran nwny howl ing piteously. Noxt night a party of oight, including n nolicoimm from the township, bivouueked in'Tho haunted spot, niul fivo of thom woro rewarded by gotting a Bight of tho ghost. Tho news begun to spread, and wo: understand thnt a largo party is to bo mado up from' Mnonrthur, with a vioiv to solvo thu mystory, if possible. Tradition statos that tho locality in question was, many yours ago, tho .scciio of a fatal affray between tho ouriy settlors and tho aboriginals, and that in tho oucountors tlio blacks outuo off socoud bost. Of course, tho supposition is that ono of tlio natives so dis posed of lips '.jumped up whitofolloW'' in ful- iilinont of tlio aboriginal boliof, and honoo tho . astonishmont of tlio norves of the fouoing party by his .' coiintorfoit prosoutmont.' It should lie -moutipucd that tho ghost has already ono casualty to auswor for, inasmuch asouo of tlio intondod intorviowists, in his hurry to got a .sight of, tlio apparition, .was thrown from his horso ntid.hroko liis log. , Wo. trust somo of tho90i wholmay havo, boon fprtunuto enough, to havo socn' tlio thing will sond us'-a progress report.'' TllO«io'a nortort, » »uui6'' in . Lllit iMioocfwiluAA oi Mr. wntsoD, of Lcliuoh n, whioh can talk with o parrot, whistlo with a mngpio, iiud imitato tho orowiug of a cock or tlio cackling of a hon. A quantity of laud, adjoining ' tlio township of Buudaborg,' has boon prootaimod a com- monago. G40 acres on Norwood Crook, ou tlio main road from Springsuro to .the Harcoo, have boon proclaimed a camping resorve ; anil 10 acres at Springsuro linvo boon sot nparl for a comctcry. Tlio corupr -stono of - tho :now.- Church of England, Fortitude Valloy/wris laiil on Satur day afternoon iby Biahop ;Halo, assisted by Archdoaoon Glonnie nnd . tho Revs. J. Love, J. Sutton, D. A, Court, R. Crbyke, nud F. Richmond. . i : - f : : A' correspondent from tho Lynd writes on April 15 : "I nm glad to say station matters nro looking. vory flourishing; in 'this district. Wo aro gotting one of tho finest seasons over known here. : Cattle: aro looking hotter than I .ever saw. thom sinco I .hr.vo boon hero. 'We havo mustered nnd started to tho Palmer sinoo Gtli March ultimo over GOO head of fat cattlo, aud have another draft of 300- to go in a fow wcoks. — C. II. Express. Tho Trinity Houso authorities are making trial of various mothods for signalling in foggy wonthor. It iz az iliffioult fo gro old and (teop amiable nz for a flowor to fade and not ln?n its frn«. rnrioo. — Josh Billiiujs. 