La Belle Americaine. A OALIFORNIAN STORY. bi'biohmond ;thatcheb. [?] the revolutionary nifty, which was a suc cession of startUng. Bcenee of toror and Lumour.had a snccess. It was fall of fire, and gracefully and smartly written. Fanny a xrart.at her own desire, Was that of n young daughter of one of the Guarde Rationale, who espoused the cause of the people, and was accidentally the chief cause of the death of her father. It afforded her an opportunity to display her great powers — the gl.rions patriotism of the young French woman and the despair of the murderess of a father. Still she did not like the part or the play bo well as the Creole's Bevenge, though it dis- played higher sentiment and loftier thoughts and expressions. She grew dissatisficdnow ; imperious towards the company and exacting with ' everybody. P.cople said sho was «' DUtting on frills;" that success had turned her head. Crouch could not make her ont, and Spofferd was puzzled. Suoh a nice woman she had hitherto been— so gracious and affable. Now the properties never suited her, the scenery was not to her taste, and the company did not play up to her, she com plained." In fact, Mr. Crouch graphically said she was making merry h for the crowd. Towards Leslie she was imperious and apologetic by turns ; sometimes avoiding him, and again seeming to tnko an unusual interest in him. Then she complained of sickness, and alarmed the mauagement by fears of not being able to go on. The most eminent medical advice came to her com mand, and the doctors said her system wanted toning ; but she averred they were fools and did not understand her case. -Mntters came to a climax when sho announced her inten tion of leaving the country. Crouch was in despair, and. ns usual, ran to his faithful Spofferd. " What could ho do ? It was just likethoee enssod women, just as they wero a big draw they took all sorts of fancies. Would it I)o any good getting her a slap-up turn-cqt, or giviqg her an advance in her sal, J" llr lbog8M not. i I oau t mako , said that worthy. "IhopQ oao's not collared ; she's not that aprt Ol gal, I should think, but yon can never tell," sqid Mr Spofferd, whose experience was largo and varied. " Hang it ; what shall we do? I'll speak, to Leslie about:it; sho seoms to cotton to him more than' to anybody. I wonder" — and hero Mr. Spofferd gave a low whistle. " No," he continued, 11 Master Herbert would scnrcely — " But whatever the astute manager thought did not transpire. Leslie was spoken to about the matter ; and though he disclaimed having any influence, he promised to plead tho can;o of the disconsolate Mr Crouch ; and he waited upon the fair but discontented young star. At first sho brightened up at therequest ; then passionately broke out, " I can't stay — I won't. I am ill. You— none of you understand me. Imightstny hero and kill myself for all yon cared, so long as you filled the Hepublicau." Then, seeing his grieved and pained look, sho added, " I do not menn ynn. I would not hurt your feelings j you have been everything good and kind to mo, but I nm not well," and she almost burst into, tears. " I must go," she continued vehemently, " this place is killing me ; 1 wns happy till I came to it. I will go to Europe, or back to the Eastern States. Why do you ask me to slay ?" she demanded. Leslie could only explain that bo wns de puted by Messrs Crouch and Co., though he added with truth, " I shall feel your absence greatly. I have thoroughly CDjoyed your visit, you have made me a name." ' Yes," she broke in, " you are selfish and heartless like tho rest j you look npon mo ; as q machine, to bo set in motion that you , may derive benefit. Yott never think of the woman;" then, repenting agnin, sho broke out | into n flood of tears, " I nm miserable, | wretched — I must go. Please tell the management," and sho laid Some slif Rmi I sarcastic stress o- Vp4 ff0I i; that £ de. j 15!QUj& dual, I ryiu plp.y one week and then j .-.re the first s_lajp to Europe," There wjd no shaking her determination. She w'uld play the last week for nothing ; j bui bo inducement would be sufficient to ; keep her over that time. She seemed now in : a state of feverish anxiety, busying herself in | packing up, and making arrangements to j leave in tlie Tbracian, a large steamer bound for Liverpool ia ten dnys. So tho emissaries i went forthfrom Mr. Crouch with posters and | paste, and plastered the city with announce- j ments that it was" Tho Last Week of La "Belle Americaine," warning tho public that i it ry'as the last opportunity they would have . of seeing the greatest " star notress who had 1 ever visited tho Pacific coast." "Lnst Week," ! and1" Previons to her Departure for Europe," stared everybody in the fade, whether they i looked high or low, fortliey were stuck aloft ' and branded on the flags of every sidewalk in ! the city. Fanny had come in heralded well, ' and' sho wns not to leave without a | flourish ..of trumpets. One con-; cession she made. In addition to the week's ; performance, she consented to appear for tho | benefit of Herbert Leslie, Esq., tho author of the Creole's Bevcngo, La Fi lc da Soldat, etc, etc. She mndo it a condition that it wns to be n clear benefit, nob one of those speculat ions generally known as " bens, on terms" whore the recipient scarcely enn distinguish between a benelit.and an injury. It only wanted then nine days till the Thracian should sail, carrying away Fanny Hosier with all her cares, her hopes, to another country ; and how ardently sho longed for the time to come, .none bat herself knew. Sho counted the hours as they dragged their slow lengths along, One stipalation she made — tho Creole's. Bevenge, she insisted, .-should be put np for Leslie's benefit, Chapter yi, — a Benefit and Last Fare well. The last week of Fanny's engagement was a busy one for tho " Bepnblican." Business had never, been glack daring her reign, but ' When it WftS fully established that she waB going, the furore that had marked her debut was renewed. High prices wore again ob tained for particular seatB, and speculators invested in tickets with an eye to a rise in their value nnd were not disappointed. Everybody declared that " tho Marshall" had never actod her bc9t before, that the light which was about to be extinguished, so far as they were concerned, shono most bril liantly just as it was to bo lost for ever. Certainly she never exhibited such fire and i vehemence— she seemed to live in a fever of excitement — taking a fierce pleasure in pack- I ing »p and making preparations for the inten ded voyage. Her dresseB. ns soon as tho part was played for the last time in which they would be required at the Eepubliean, were carefully stowed away in trunks, osten tatiously labelled with her name, ns passen ger, per Tlirnoian, for Liverpool. Mr Bpnffored had some Europenn ex perience, nnd she never tired of questioning him about the places she inten ded to visit, and the probability of her mak ing a " hit," She wns more demonstrative if Leslie happened to be present, nnd that wns pretty often, for Mr Herbert had written a successful book fall of persiflage nnd dry trans- Atlantic humour and as he, had given up tho drudgery of the press, ho had plenty of time to devote to his search after experience and incidents, and he evidently drew, or ima gined he drew, much information from the thcntrcB. " Mr Spofferd," sho Baid one day. " do you think I shall be able to get Boucicnult or Taylor, or any of the big people at home"' — in common with mnny thousands of trne- born Americans, Bhp called England by that name — " to write me a piece, or a good part in one ?" Mr Spofferd didn't exactly know, ' bnt he suggested that, to make sure of a j drnmntic author who would write opto heru she hud better take LcbHo with her, | " Leslie," she said petulantly nnd even scornfully, "what good wonldho he amongst snch people t he might do for tho gold-coast, to wrilo plays for diggers or calculating Yankees Bnd people who wero too busy nnd bii!t!!ng to know what dramatic authorship waB, hut would a refined audience stand his Brother Jonathan slang?" Mr Spofford gave ono of his characteristic whistles, and wondered what the little game was. "Why," he said, "yon were hot on Leslie's pieces only a month ago ; he was a sacking. Shakespeare, and worth ten of any living I writer,". | " Oh," she replied." "bnt I havo changed | my mind ; he is spoilt by tho little success he has had. I hate him. That book finished him, and he will never get down from the high horse." And sho essayed a laugh, which was not a suoccss. "I wish," thought Mr Spofferd, "she would say spiteful things like that about- me, It wouldn't bo a bad thing to run her over the water ; I'd make dollars out of her." In fact, Mr Crouch's factotum would have ns he termed it, "gone in" for Fanny, but, there was something about her that warned him courtship would not bo a success. How ever my heroine affected to despise Leslie, she wns evidently determined thnttho " Creslc's Bevenge." should be mounted as well as possible, autl she mace extravagant demands on the ward robe nnd properties of the theatre, going carefully through tho scenic and other effects, demanding new scenery hero nnd fresh dressess there — even ' when required' paying for things herself. She ordered special rehearsals too for the last farewell performance, at which sho requested Mr . Leslie's presence. " I may as well go ont like a rocket," she explained, "and not like a stick. I must show them that I am not playdd ont, if I am going away," Tho billing of the bonefit was Leslie's care, bnt really little was needed though it Was only put up two days before Its occnrrcnco, " An extra night, nnd positively the lnst ap pearance of La Bello Americnine — previous to her departure, by tho Thracian, for Liverpool" was sufficient to cause n rush for tickets, Leslio was fast gaining popularity as a flanonr'nnd acute observer of tho humorous. It wns bis first appearance as a bonefioiare, and the public wss indebted to him for many n " quaint nnd curious fancy," and pleasant hour's reading or observation, nnd the public, whan aware of the fact, is rarely backward in repaying its obligations, in s pile f what is said to the contrary. Fanny seemed particularly anxious that her last performance should bo her best, She kept the company fully employed for two clays preceding tho performance attending to her orders and suggestions. The piece had been rehearsed often enough they thought, but Bhe suggested improvements here, and new readings and situations there, till they were tired. The scenic artists had their work to do to keep pace With her requirements, and the property, man and wardrobe- keeper, with their as sistants, were at thdir wits' end to fulfil her orders. Mr. Crouch kept tho accusing angel pretty busy, dying botween the theatre and recording office. " What |the thunder did she wnnt getting props that wouldn't come in for anything else I nnd his flats awl things, why, they would have to play Louisiana pieces for twelve months with those cursed plantation uglinessess on 'em." Ho only mildly suggested that the supers who wero to play plantation hands, in tho grand cotton field scene, might use their old togs, or wear some splendid soldiers' coats and jackets which lie had bought at a commissniint sale, nnd Fanny, as ho graphically expressed it, " jumped upon him." He swore he would got into tlio wnx-figger or animal business — women paid at times, but, by the ghost of the great Ciesnr, they ' played up more in a day than a menagerie would in a month, "Look hero," ho confided to a friend, " that woman enmo here as mild and ns pleasant as a mud- turtle, nnd now ale caverts round like-a spotted rhionoserosis with his hide scalded, getting np this piece for one night, as if it wa9 going to run till the Jubilee, I've got a troupe of infant prodigies caiping hero next week," ho went on ; " they pull everything to pieces, and go to sleep just ns they're wanted to come on, and they get sick and havo to ho nursod, and turn the place into a nnrsery and hospital, but I shall find tbom a relief and blessing after this one's tantrums." (To be CbnitnHcd.) 