THEATRE ROYAL. On Monday night the; company » toe itoyal gara their iirstohange of performanoe sinoe the new star season ..began* when they produoed another of what are understood to be "Nell's" special dramas. The article introduced to the notice of thn Adelaide publio on this occasion out-Herods Herod. We were hopeful enough to fhat the height of abkirdity could no further go than what was reached in the plot and incident of "No Name;" but that play, with all its manifest Incongruities* illegitimate drama when placed in comparison with "The Little. Detective." A greater pieoe of wild absurdity was surely never placed on any stage, even were that stage the platform of a Richardson's show booth. Truly American audienoes must have oapamous swallows if they can for one moment be induced to believe that such ridiculous productions as these are anything like English life, or indeed the manners and customs of any civilized society under heaven. It may be urged that this class of drama is hashed up with the sole object of displaying the special acquirements of some star, ana in certain instances it may be excusable that the plot of the play shall be of the flimsiest so that it bring out these strong points in a natural manner. The stories of some of our best modern writers of light literature are mere threads woven lightly together, with the intention of enabling the author to moralise in his own particular way, or to give vent to some of his bright fancies or par ticular ideas. But there is a certain point at which* this sort of tiring must stop, or it becomes stupid, and that paint has been left far behind jo the concoction of these extraordinary new Transpacific productions. We shall not attempt to criticise " The Little fcive," bat by placing a few of its leading Detective,1 incidents before 'them readers can form .for themselves an opinion of its merits. An asigiiah baronet, no less, is at Baden rden, or some other German watering- place, with his two daughters. The elder* Una* is sought In marriage by a scoundrel of the, most full-flavoured description (Barry Hal linson), who has a wife actually living with her mother: in the same hotel. The wife*' ' Stella* is. bound by an oath not to reveal the connection between them. Florence Langton, the Baronet's younger ■ daughter, suspects M&llinsen;, end disguises herself as an Irish servant with the Caledonian name of Jane; and; then—it is to be mippoeed by her own intuition, for she apparently discovers nothing by her masquerading—she tells MaUinson in presence, of her father and sister-that Stella is his wife; but on that injured individual, who is terrified; by her husband, saying " No, and fainting, Sir Gervftse states that he is " perfectly satisfied;", hat Florence informs the audience that she is not. Mr. Mallinson has been guilty of the: harmless eoeentridty of Bank robbery before he left England, for which a detective, Mr. Bode* rick Tracy, comes over to Germany, not as one would naturally suppose to arrest the robber, but to "compound the felony,"by demanding the return of the money at the risk of apprehension. Amongst the aristocratic acquaintances of the Baronet's family are two swindlers—Mr. Book away, carefully got up to represent to the life a Whitedhapel costermonger, and a German with a New York vocabulary named Stuyvesant. These two worthies are arrested by the accom modating detective for larceny from the person, the plunder is discovered in their possession, and they -are overheard to confess their misdeeds; yet immediately afterwards they are found at liberty, and on their -statement the detective is himself arrested and removed from their way. Florence has now assumed another disguise and appears as Mrs. Gammage — a poor imitation of Sairey Gamp — and prevents Stella from giving up her jewels to her rascally' husband. Hallinson then inveigles his wife late at night to a lonely boat - house on a lake, whither he Is soon followed by the Baronet's elder daughter, who calmly waits inside the boathouse whilst he goes outside, and after a desperate struggle murders bis wife and throws her body Into the lake. He then returns to the young lady who is quite satisfied with his assurance that al is as it should be, till she sees blood upon his hand, whereupon she faints and he proceeds to take her on snore, bat is met by the apparition of his wife, to whom, by the way, the ghost business must have been a very new sensation, seeing that she was hardly dead. Soon after wards the three rogues — Mallinson, Stuy vesant, and Rockaway—are found in London, as isJ also the detective, who is still on the trail, bat who with incredible guiles sn ess is hoodwinked by a fourth member of the fraternity, and plaoed in a cellar to be drowned by the rising tide. However Florence, who, after the manner of English baronets' daughters, has bow assumed adisguise in which she deplete the very edifying character of a fast yonng man in a state of intoxication, meets the worthies, and allows herself to be taken by them to their haunt, where, after learning their secrets, die goes to deep In a curtained bed, and on the rascals discovering that they have been deceived andthat she is in league with the detective,, die emerges from the bed iu the disguise of a German girl in Bomewhat the Bame ~ manner as Mrs. Case used to come out of her Protean Cabinet. <The owners of the room at once believe her statement that the young man has escaped, especially when she shows them that a door communicates with the back of the bed,' of which trifling circum stance they were previously unaware. A love scene ensues between her aud the young German swindler, in which with pleasant incon sistency, though both are supposed to be natives of Hamburg, they speak to eaoh other in broken English. A well-sung duet in this scene i% however, the only redeeming feature in the piece. The others return, and a scene equal in buffoonery to the wildest pantomime ensues, in which all escape from two policemen in South Australian uniform by means of a window. Florence, whose hands have been tied and who is led at the end of a rope by one man, loosens the oord, and jplaoes it round the leg of die table, whilst he gesticulates from the lattice. We next have a regular pantomime "rally" by the members of the force, who then arrest a small boy. The height of improbability cannot further go than the latter part. Madam Ritzdorf, Stella's mother, who though she was on the spot at the time does not know of her daughter's death, shelters her guilty son-in-law, but learning from the detective of his guilt she delivers him up to justice. Mallinson then tells the detective that , he is his long-lost sod, whereupon that acute legal fnnetionarygives him his purse and tells him to esoape. This he is about to do when he is confronted by the Baronet's elder daughter, to whom at one time he was to have been married. She believing him to be the murderer of his wife proceeds to arrest him by fainting in his arms, aud is carried by him into his mother-in-law's house as a hostage. The inevitable soldiers with their carbines now come up, together with the whole of die dramatis persona^ and Mallinson appears at a low baloony with Una in his arms, ana tells them to fire at him through her. 8he, however, diverts his attention by the transparent stratagem'of telling him ,to " look there," and then retreats inside. Mr. Tracey, the smart detective' who just accepted another and equally reliable state ment that Mallinson Is. not his Bon, now gives the order to fire, and the villain falls to the stage riddled with bullets. The play was relieved by some fair scenery, and wd must do the performers the justice to say that they exerted themselves to the utmost in the very impracticable and improbable parte they had to play. If they were not so effective , as could be wished the fault did not lie on their shoulders. The following was the east:— Florence Langton, 'daughter of Sir Gervase, with more than her share of natural curiosity; Jane Ann O'HolohaD, from the west of Ire land; Mrs. Gammage, an _ anoient nurse; ~ Harry Backet, a fart young man; Chris tiana Krautzeurasen, from Germany—Nell. Ludovic Stuyvesant, a German sharper and swindler, Mr:' George Giddens'; Roderick Traoey, Mr. J. H. Bainford; Sir Gervase Langton, Mr. J, Hasker: Barry M&Ilinsoc;, Mr. J. H. Martin; Phoebus Boekaway, Mr. Frank Towers; Dr. Bourdon,'Mr. G. P. Carey; Stephen Hardeliffe, Mr, Cbas. O'Brien; Dozey, Mr. J.. Dunn; Nap, Mr.T. Reading: Snooze' Mr. Goodwin; Madame Ritzdorf, Mrs. Wooldrtdge; Stella, Miss Blanche Grey; Una, Miss Nita Gerald. Having said all that we have about this extra ordinary' drama1—for sudh it presumably is, hongb at times one is disposed to think it harle quinade or grotesque ballet—we are bound to add that the bulk of the audience were not only satisfied, but were positively delighted with it' and laughed and cheered uproariously. Comment is needless, but one feels inclined to believe that there is really something in the ory anent the decay of all true dramatic taste. There have been large houses at the Royal on Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday nights, when the sensational piece, "The Little Detec tive" was repeated. The sympathies of the audienoe were obtained, and ever and anon duriBg the acting there was loud applause. The Ahglo-American Mbtbels.—After a short season, which has been in every way a decided success, Messrs. Buckley & La Feuil lade's Minstrels gave their last performanoe at White's Booms on Saturday, June 3. The audience was numerous. Several novelties were introduced, notably a song called "Upidee," which was rendered by Mr. Medina in capital style, evoking loud appalu9e. Miss May Vman's pathetic ballad " Silver Threads among the Gold " was well sang. , The audience wished her to repeat it, but she declined the honoor, Ur. Drayton was enooeesfal in his rendering of " She whispers of Home," and in response to a recall, added an additional verse to the aong. He also gave the ballad " Down by the deep sad sea," and on an enoore, substituted " Nil Desperandum." Mr. Glover appeared in two character impersonations, one in a song called "It serves yon right," and the other in "They all have a mate bat me," the latter resulting in an enoore. Mr. Tom Buckley, by his droll antics and quaint jokes, kept the house in incessant laughter from first to last. His song and danoa, " She's like a Sunbeam," was accorded the honoor of a second recall. The entertainment concluded with the extravagant afterpieoe, " The Baby Elephant." The American Company gave their first entertainment in the Port Town Hall on Tuesday evening to a well - filled house, the second seats ana gallery being crowded with a thoroughly appreciative audience. A programme similar to those presented in the city and already fully described was well enjoyed. The Com* pany appeared again on Wednesday evening with an altered entertainment. The Bensohs.—This troupe performed at the Gawler Institute Hall on Thursday, Friday, and Saturday evenings, and gave a midday perfor mance on Saturday. The room was crowded each night, and the audiences were much : gratified. The ventriloquism was much enj eyed, the child's doings oausod wonder, the dancing was considered very clever, Mr. Gill's Irish songs were amusing, and Messrs. Fish and J. Richards provided excellent instrumental music. The , company performed before an excellent audience in the Kaponda Institute Hall on Monday even ing with success. 