1 CHARLEVtLLE. June 24, ' II Cihkisoe with what foreigner*, say ji rUB^pjhsKonW topic of aa Englishman'* «ouver1Uft4(raMii»- weather ( though I am *ioteaJti«tohUim WBuglishttiau1* privilege *Md'glWrV,-for,;l») the first plaoe, 1 iiavrm. h»;MMMi to growl. To be uM I mbmt K-;^-r. ??;???. ? I «t the uselesmcss of growliuB nt having 00 I thiUR trt growl about. Imt I will mafmani mously tqrego my privilege. For the last weak the weather has been very varaible, or rather for the last fortnight. On Monday, 1 lath, we had occasional showers during the night aud morning, aud at. noon it set in a wet day ; it also rained slightly during the follBWlng nicht till 8 a.m.; Wednesday, ?14th. fine j Thursday, dull aeain ; and soon, but mild all the time. On Monday, 19th, we bud » njiarp hoar-fiuwt. which blackened the pumpkin vines, which hail lieen growing luxuriantly up to that time. They were, of course, tlie produce of old seed, sown last September, bnt which bad not previously appeared on account -if tlie long drought and intense heat. We have had more dull days, and occasionally bright ones, but nil cold, as there has been a southerly and south-easterly wind blowing. This morning wo hail again a white frost. The country is nevertheless looking beautiful, though the splendid green appearance is obiefly owine to the growth of what is -called ' herbage,' in distinction to 'grass' properly so called. Sheep, cattle, and horse* aro greatly improving ; in fact, aa Mr. Weller observed of a lady at tbe Brick Ijine Temperance Society's tea fight ' they are wisiblyawelling before my eves.' Mr. BucknesK, of Mount Morris, lias sold 0000 sheep to Mr. Bill, and is about to sell the remainder, I understand, consisting of about GOOD more, t-- two gentlemen from Melbourne, who intend to establish them .pelves in this western district, ami Are in correspondence with Mr. Williamn, of Anibi thulla, for the purchase of that station, with tbe stock, fcc. I understand about 200 fat cattle will leave Oakwoml for Dalby after shearing; and another 20U in tbe spring, if tho prices realised for the first lot are suffi ciently remunerative to encourage a secoud venture ; if not, they will be pent elsewhere, according to tbe ruling of tho markets. At the Police Court, the only case of any interest that has recently occurred ia the bringing up uf a constable, who, from bin at tenuated appearance, and bis indulging in XucliK (iliem/us) Atiibroniaiia\ is popnl irly .supposed to be tbe ghost of the late Pro fessor Wilson, better known an tbe 'Chris- topher North' of Biackwimd'g Mag.irine. The constable was chargeil, before the P.M., Mr. Thornton, Mr. Walters, and Mr. Skin ner, J.r.s, Mitn ?? caning spirits irooi tne vasty deep,' and which, it SBcms, appeared at bis call— and paying fur them — and then as quickly dis.ip|-eared by some necromantic art, till be liocamc tbe victim nf misplaced confidence, und, like Frankenstein, w.-is haunted by the monster of his own creation, and hunted into the Police Court, fined £20, aad bouod over, in bis own recognisances of £40 more, to avoid evil spirits for three months to come. Yea, a (tauter, linlder drinker — one tbat loved his li'linr more — Never yrt -!l.l I encounter than our friend upon tlie fl'Mir. Yet the l-c*t nf us are mortal ; we to weakness all nrc heir. He hns fiuTn who rarely staggered ; let the rest of We shall leave him wlierc we found him, Ivinir where hiF manhood fell, 'Mnnft the trnphies of tbc^crcl, for he took Mb tipple well. A school inspector, with whose name I am not acquainted, has paid CharlevTUea visit, and confirmed tbe appointment of Mr. Knight as schoolmaster, ns lie was sure to do upon the recommendation of bis weighty backers. We wish the inhabitants joy of hucIi an ac quisition, obtained at such a price — the. sacrifice nf uprightness, integrity, ami manly straightforward dealing — and sincerely hope the children will profit by tbe example of such a highly recommended tcnclie.r. i am exceedingly sorry to have to close this letter by informing you that Mr. Matthew Milus, late overseer of Mr. Flood's station, met with .1 fatal accident on Sunday, tbe ISlb, it is supposed, but tbere was no witness. He wns found by Mr. Flood wilbin a quarter nf .1 mile of the head station on Monday. His horse, with its saddle and bridle, had cmnc tn the station n few hours before; but, as horses so often escape when tied up or leit staiKiinc, no uneasiness was felt. Shortly after this, however, a man from Boni3 travelling sheep, which were passiug through the run from Bureiula. came to eay tbat they bad boxed. Mr. Flood asked if the overseer was not witb t'.iem ; the man replied they had not seen him. Mr. Flood at once proceeded to make inquiries, dispatching two men, and starting himself in search with liis usual promptitude. He hod proceeded but a short way, when be found tbe iiow fellow's corpse with the front part -if the bead smashed in ; lie had evidently lieen dashed against u tree and met witb instant ileash, as be was lying witb bis lingers extended, and without the signs of a struggle. Ho -was much liked, and respected by all wbo knew him. ' May hiB soul rest in peace.' 