NOSES. ' Love goes by liking,' it is said ; which is not much information after all, but it is good so far as it goes. Can any one give as good a reason for laughter ? Can any one, for instance, say why the nasal organ should provoke laughter by its very name ?. Why it should be used in the construction of slang sayings, and smart proverbs as pungent as snuff ? How is it that grave orators cannot name the nose, and jocular ones seldom omit to give it a rap or a tweak in passing ? A horse comes down ; a witness 'will tell you gravely and sadly how the brute broke his knees, but he breaks into a chuckle when he remembers ; that its rider broke his nose. The ex-baby falls to fumbling his proboscis, when nurse suggests to him that the baby has pnt his nose out of joint. When a. man asks his way what joy it gives a larrikin to bid him follow . his nose ! We have seen a.'grave , assembly roar when, on a division; being required, it was proposed to count noses. To pay through- the nose appears to be the least agreeable form of agenerally unpopular performance. The schoolboy's caricatures are always most vigorous in the represen tation of the noses of his sisters. : To sing, or speak, through the nose (which, in fact, is singing or speaking through the mouth only), how it grates onthehearer'sear ! No disease ever makes a man so ashamed of himself as a cold which affects the nose. ' Little Mr. Bouncer seldom made a more telling hit than when he asked Verdant ? Green if he could serve him by holding his nose while he shaved. And so 'forth, endlessly. Now we are not scolding any body for this unaccountable amusement tit. the mention of a useful organ of the human 'frame. We own the soft'impeachment of laughing also. All we -have to remark .is that we are a foolish race, great and little of us; of which aphorism we have before us an example.. Is it conceivable now that no small amount of human suffering is due to want of consideration for the nose ? Thi really seems to be the case. One of the Parisian doctors has succeeded in impress ing this idea on the volatile world about him. He has been proclaiming the fact as indubitable, that bronchitis, pneumonia, and other grave diseases are mainly owing to the habit of breathing through the mouth, especially when passing from heated air into cold air ; and more especially when that cold air is either frosty or foggy. The simple safety guard he recommends is, that those who leave warm rooms or crowded meetings, should abstain from drawing the breath through the mouth, and should inhale the' air through the nostrils only. We have not the smallest doubt that his doctrine is correct ; the pity is that it should be new to any of us. We incidentally mentioned, recently, a little book devoted to this point, * bearing the title 'Shut your Mouth.' The author is George Catlin, whose illustrations of American Indian life, by pen, pencil, and exhibition, attracted notice some years since. His volumes oh the American Indians are interesting enoiigh ; but we agree with the author in thinking that for practical benefit to man kind this little book of his is of greater value. We are glad to see that the edition before us is the fifth ; improved doubtless in some respects, yet not so quaintly original as the first edition, which few that ever saw it could easily forget, seeing it was a lithographed facsimile of the author's penmanship, both as to the letterpress and the illustrations. In this fifth edition we have the illustrations as forcible and amusing as ever ; but in place of litho graphed manuscript we have now good, clear print. Mr. Catlin's sketch of the Indian tribes, so well known to him, iu regard of their immunity from many diseases which affect us, is well worth reading ; and his descrip tion of the pains taken by the Indian mothers to make their babies keep their mouths shut is repeated frequently through the book. That, by the way, suggests to us what would be a fault in any book that pretended to be systematic, but which it would be nonsense to reprove here; that the book has neither beginning, middle, nor end in its teachings, being a most in genious concatenation of variations on the single phrase, 'Shut your mouth.' He hammers this one idea into his readers i.y sarcasm, entreaty, indignation, per suasion ; goes, in short, through the whole gamut of dialectics to ensure that this shall be felt and remembered. The pictures, twenty-nine in number, are vivacious in the extreme, whether horrible, disgusting, ridiculous, or respectable, and their pre Rapbaelite naturalism does not degenerate into mere caricature. We do not mean to give a resume of the book, were that .a possible thing ; its title is a perfect resume of it. Let the reader get a copy for him self ; we know no halfcrown book so well worth the price. Here is the state of the case. No fact can be more plainly revealed by anatomy than this, that man was meant to draw air into his lungs through the nostrils, and in nowise through the mouth. The air that passes through the mouth into the lungs rusbes, crude and cold, or scorching, as the case may be, -first against the back of the throat, -which is not constructed to bear auy fcuch attack, and thence turns at a sharp angle all unchanged in its quality, against, over, and through one of the most sensitive membranes in the human body. Un changed still, it streams through the bron chial tubes, never fit for its proper uses there, but often injurious in a high degree. On the other hand, air inhaled through the nostrils passes over surfaces as large as the palm of the hand, possessing apparatus for sifting the air, for softening it, for warm ing or cooling it to the temperature of the blood; and through all the passage it goes in easy curves, without any sharp angle. So much for anatomy and physiology. Now let experience be heard. Men exposed to mephitic vapors, unless these are very deadly and unmingled with common air, can work in them as long as they keep the mouth shut ; but if they are fools enough to hold their noses, as many do, they get the full benefit of the poison, whether that shows itself by vertigo, nausea, or death on the spot, or only afterwards by fevers, agues, boils, and the like. Persons em ployed in burying cholera and typhus pa tients used to be recommended to smoke ; and so doing they were tolerably safe, not so much because tobacco was a, prophylactic, even when they mixed it ?with camphor, as because no man can breathe through the mouth when he is smoking. The terrible nuisance of snoring is only possible when the sleeper breathes through the mouth. Were he but to lock his lips together, and prop his head so as to favor the closing of the mouth, he could not manage the ghost of a snore. That is practical, certainly ; and so are the hints which follow. Colds, and dire conse quences of colds, are very frequent just nowj as the bills of mortality show. 'In nine cases out of ten the patients catch cold by changing the air they breathe suddenly. Sudden change from coid air to air much heated^ jt-shoiild tie renjemjbej^^is as full ef danigkr ^is' the. conversed J. Wrappings about the neck will not avert the danger from cold, though in a cold wind they may be useful in their plaice. But if persons who : are passing from a waim room into the -external * aiTj will but habitually shut ,-iheir mouths as much as possible iov2 fire minutes, they will be pretty*1 feafe ^from colas. If they must chattel let; them stop while they breathe in, and they may let off the imprisoned air in chattering. ^if, they will;. but if they value; health .more than gossip they will not talk to .any^great extent,, for at 'least five minutes. . In the case of J4 meet me by moonlight atone,' let the couple hold their tongues ^as muck as possible; though old people- imagine that the moon looks best r when x seen through the window-panes. And ia the case of clergymen who are liable tQ sore throat, many of them would escape years of suffering and' others untimely defeth if they would rigidly refuse to- iiaye- any chattering friend to walk ot ride; on the way home from, church along with Xhem. Their lungs and vocal organs are :m &state; of unusual sensitiveness produced, by con tinuous speech, and we refuse to accept any man's speech as being even silver, 'Vlio has not the common sense to : listen, to the advice to shut hu^ mouth, r and in its own place respect golden silence. No man should know better than he that man's breath of life was breathed in^o hia nostrils, not into his foolish mouth. In short, we recommend those, who will per sist in taking their breath through the mouth, to try how they feel when they attempt to take some food through the nostrils. If they do not like it— ^and they certainly will not, for when lunatics have refused to open their mouths to eat their food, their medical attendants have tried to supply their stomachs through, the nostrils, and the suffering never failed to^ unlock their jaws— let them put the qrgans to their proper uses ; the mouth for eating and speaking, and the nostrils for breath ing, if they want to live painlessly and long- ...'?: 