OUK LONDON.LETTER. \- . ; JOLY 2 C. " WHAT is the capital of Turkey ?~">sks a lady ina school. "Please, 'ru, it ain't got none," replies a bright girl ; " it's bankrup*." True, Mr. Punch, quite true ; but if Turkey bas no capital, you can't deny that she has plenty of interest, yes even in England. The présence of our fleet in Besika Bay was ..taken by all Europe as a great mark of interest, until Lord Derby, by a sensible" speech, showed that it meant nothing, and that the Government bad no idea at all . of using the recess for plunging the country into war. Still the upper ten thousand are cre-í dited with feeling strong sympathy with Turkey ; and there is even a; rumour that Colonel Baker, whose year of imprisonment for a railway assault is nearly expired, is- about : to offer his sword to the lurks, and is. beading letters: of commendation from royal personages like the Duke of Cambridge and tho Duke of Edinburgh. This "gallant " offioer's aid will hardly 'bo..wanted by the Sultan, firstly, because the .said Sultan appears to be much depressed and even to desire. to abdicate, and partly because tho Servians seem already to be almost at the end of their resources. ...... .¿ It is extremely difficult to find the grain of truth in the bushels of lies that reach us from the seat of war, a sufficient' example <o£ which is that, according lo official accounts published at Constantinople, the Servians killed and woúnded in the first week 'were as many as are cont^doed. in the. entire Servian army. Nevertheless the telegrams from Bel- grade are very gloomy ; and as the people at the outset turned . out en' Matte against thu hated Turks, there is now ^làndweh' to call upon. . . Ope of the Berlin papers spys.thai the only solution will be a federation of .Ghrietiau Sta^''nbaW.the!cliTOoí}Á.«Íi$áíi,' whileto-dáy s néws'îs to the effect' that ^i»^-''^^^^ welcome the,mediation of Great Britain. , 'I"'.. <' if in Carven tión ot': any kind were., at-te"ropted .it would be with a view to el^ae^i^è/'^^htful a.ty^^e|..«ommX^MaV^>7 ^e Ba^^Bfaspuke,' or irregular Turkish troops," upon the peaceable Christians ; bf "! Bulgaria, We hafe been horrified by stories pf '.'scores, of girlsV^iolated ènd burnt aUy^;^'''hayl9ft8t.. ¿nd repeated questions hare, : been put . in /'Parliament with the object of ascertaining whether there was I basis for tho stories.,.pr, theji were puré inven ; tiona. '. Mr. Disraeli has answered, thés* ques- tions . with a flippancy and hardness .which have been deeply resented, and his replies have made it clear that 'the '., tjbyemment were glad of any information ..^hich made Against the Christians, and did not desire what made in their favour. Still che despatches of Sir H. Eliot practically conceded that there had been great outrages, and that the1 Ports was about to send a commissioner to repress them. Some fifteen or sixteen Bashi-Bazouka have been' hanged-or, * as Mark Twain(would delicately put it,-, have received fatal iajuries while witnessing a. series of executions-and there the matter., ¿nay. .end?. .unless I an 'indignation meeting, called for to-morrow af ternoop, at Willa's ' Rooms, arouse the flpme, and demand new.'yiç|ÎÎm8.. Çer|^ will not bp appealed to again ; he is not likely ; to have as keen a sense of the sorrows of Christians; ps others; who do hot .'share his Jewish blood.' "And generally it ia remarked that : hp ,is; comingito ,,-he- disliked fax more vehemently , than ever before. In years gone by hp used to be idolised 'by/his'party ana J ^din^rpd by| his ppponenit/s, yvtio fyig^vè fpT.hi» . epigrams ah' ineiacer'it^VwMihTfl^íAe^rt they ¡ disapproved. His influence has now waned ' very considerably, and, aa he grows older, it i I will soon be like the authority which | " forsakes a dyinç kiugy j Lnid widowoà of tho power iii Iiis oyu." I To tho education' (lobatos, which have added heat'to this fervid July, bohns given no con ? tribution. Tho battle has lain botwecn Lord Sandon, backed by Mr. Hardy and tho Chan I oollor. of the Exohequer, on tho ona side ; and Mr. Bright, Mr. Forster, and men like Mundolla and Fawcett on tho other. All sooruod to bo going well, aud the bill was in committee, assured of an easy pas- sage. Then all of a sudden wo fouud that a note of alarm had boen sounded, and, looking to seo what had happened, found that the Government had quietly introduced a clause which dealt a tremendous blow to tho Educa- tion Act of 1870. I will not go into details, but it is enough to Bay that tho torms oii which tho Government grant was modo were so far altered, that it became posslblo fora voluntary and denominational school to dispense .altogether with local subscriptions and support itself upon the children's fees and the grant, so that in effeot these schools would be kept up by public rooney and yet romain under private control, restricted only by thc poor prolewco of u-conscience clause. And now comes a second reactionary proceeding, to wit a clause provid- ing for the dissolution of school boards at the will of the local authority which called them into existence. This covers a strong dis'iko to school bo irds on the part of tho clergy and squierarchy, which Sir Stafford Northcote plainly avowed last night, as though they were necessary evils, and to be got rid of wherever possible. The Liberals aro at last thoroughly aroused, and Mr. Bright has made some liery appeals ; but how can one stir up the country at a time like this, when everyone who can get away ia flying from the heat of London and the towns to such cool as may be fouud at the seaside or among tho mountains. For this present season is unprecedented within the last few days. I have seen a lady from St. Kitt's, a gentleman from Cape Town, and a retired civilian from India, and they all said they had never experienced such oppres- sion and discomfort abroad. For nearly a month wc have been accustomed to a shade temperature up amoug the eighties, reaching to a maximum at Nottingham of OG', aud in London of over 00*. This with a still, reeking air was almost as much as flesh and blood could bear, and if it had gone oa much longer we should have been, driven' to cast aside tall hats and broadcloth and go in for tropical attire. Indeed th« wis > was expressed that tho Prince of WaleB would appear at his garden parties, at Chi-wick, in some of the dresses he wore when in India, and so set an example which Englishmen always want before they dare to do anything out of the approved groove. The &>ectätor went so far as to epeculate on the chang« which six months of this weather would produce, how it would revolutionise our domestic architecture, aud our horns of rising and going to bert, leading the laziest to turn out at'4 a m., and fashionable calls to be paid before breakfast. At last the retributive storm came. My friends had had their garden parties at the end of last week, and had found out how easy and delightful a way this is of entertaining any number of friends. A day later and there was no garden for a party to bo held in. On Sunday, evening a' hail and thunder storm burst over the North of London, and mado its focus identical with the site of this house. In three minutes the north und west sides had not a pane of glass unbroken ; in fact the place looked as if it had been in Chancery for thirty years. The vineries were completely wreck.-d ; in the kitchen-garden and orchard the hardiest fruits were riddled as though with grape-shot, while the flower- garden was reduced to a scene of desolation as if a flock of sheep had been driven over it. I, myself, came in for tho storm in its full violence. As I was walk- ing out of town along the Southgate Road, £ met thousands of holiday-makers who had been tempted out by the brilliant afternoon, and were clad in light summer dresses without a ghost of protection in tho shape of umbrella or cloak. They wera hurrying in evident fear of gathering clouds* and at last the pace grew to a run^ and there was a regular stampede. The crowd waa flying past me, when after a momentary lull a tierce gust swept down the road raising a column of dust that prevented mo from seeing two yards ahead. Then down came the hail, in masses weighing over a quarter of an ouuco aud as big. as biuall walnuts. -, I managed to protect my face from being cut open by these sh^rp masses of ice, and slowly fought' my way until I reached cover, drenched from head to foot, but not thiuking of m j self so much as of the hundreds who would take thut night, deadly chill*, and lay in themselves the seeds of irre- parable disease.. This is he season for the scientific world tc make hay as well as the farmer. The British Association is about to hold its gathering at Glasgow; but previous to this,'the Ftencb Association, which was formed a few years agc bS!, much the same model, is to meet at Cleïment.'Ferraud, a capital centre, in the Puy du Pome district, where the only regret will be that the volcanoes are extinct and cannot be'set playing, like the fountains at Versailles, for tho amusement of the men of science. A pilgrimage to Clermont will, anyway, be worth a dozen to Lourdes, and several of our English savauB are proposing to join their French brethren. All the indignation of which out physicists and physicians are capable is -being directed against Lord Car- narvon's Vivisection Bill. ' There are hundreds of excellent but inconsistent,people who hav£ no objection to open oysters, and boil lobers alive, but are wild with wrath against the men, like Bardon Sanderson br Ferrier, whe experiment upon live animals in the interest of science. Punch epitomises the whole strug- gle in his cartoon to-day, where Tenuiel gives us an assembly of medical men around a table on which are seen a bottle of chloroform and. fi 'comfortable, but sleepy looking, frog. Thc .operatingprofessor says: " By this experiment we h tve ascertained that" ' we. cat alleviate tho sufferings of .'thou paa'ds^'bf ?.. oux'; fello «v creatures. I. may further add "-T-. Here a policeman bursts ' in-i" No you mayn't. We've had enough ol this sort of thing- You must move pu,1 .Repliep the Professor caustically :-r<< Moyo on j . Wo can't move on if you interfere." -There 'are several little ; sjgns. of tb? (' moving on," of science, as sure aa pf the tide; .which may claim a: word. The results of thc Challenger expedition are laid before the world by Sir ^yvilie Thomson,- F.R.S., LL.IX, in twe pandóme'volumes', wpU map's, &c;'., under the.? title',:'f The Atlantic." . The explorations of Cantala Moreabyin Ne« Guinea and ..Polynesia iii the Basilisjt *vo noticed in the new number of the Edinburgh Review. After Captain Lawson's hook, which is " ono of tho most daring romances ol' travel over concocted," this is "areal honest account," and receives warm commendation. Another hook of scientific interest is Alfred Bussell Wallace's "Geographical ..'Distribution . of Animals," 2 vols., medium 8v».; published at 2 guineaB, by Macmillau. Ho points out in a very interesting way how, in an isolated placo like Madeira, tho European insect* have wings either larger ' and stronger than' the samo species iu Europo, or not strong enough. The meaning pf this is plain, for tho insects may obtain a victory over tho dostrovlug ten- dency of tho wind, oithor by avoiding all struggle with it or by struggling vicariously. He also shows that the nightingales cross the Mediterranean by thine routes alone, viz., at Gibraltar, at Sicily, aud Malta, and by Greece and Crete. Now, each of tho'sb route's is over shallow water, that not long ago, speaking geologically, wero ti-acts of dry land ; whence tho author infers that tho sea levels have been altered since tho birds began to migrate, and that tho traditional routes are maintained, despite changes from age to a.e. Before leav ing the domain of scionce, lot me record that Gessi, one of Colonel Gordon's people, has cir- cumnavigated the Albert Nyanza iu, nibo days, finding it 140 miles long by 50 broad. No river which is uot dry in tho dry seáson enters the lake. The southern end is shallow, and Gosi-i thinks there may be a chain of lake." or marshes between it aud Tanganyika; " as the ridgi of mountains on the west coast does not join those on the east coast of the lake." In other books tho principal are Robert Browning's new volume* entitled "Pacchia rotto, and how he worked in Distemper/' with other poems. The book is made up of short pieces, more in tho poet's earlier stylé. It was said of his Surdello that there wore only two lines in the whole that were intelligible, and they were not true; the first which paid " whoso shall rend, shall understand this tale,' and the last which said "whoso hath read, h-ith understood this tale." Such a criticism dues not apply here ; the pieces are brief, aud more like Holy cross Day and the Grammarian's Funeral. Tho Prince of Wales' Indian visit is pro- ducing the ordinary shoal of books by " Our own Correspondent." The Dui ly Telegraph representative is first in the field with a book absurdly called "From Pall Mall to the Punjaub," and full of mistakes; and next comes Wheeler's India in 'H/.-i-fi, where tull writing is indulged to a precipitous extent, and wc are informed that S. Thomas Aquinas was martyred iii India. M. Swinburne has pro- duced a now tragedy, i! Erectheus " by name ; and it is said that the proprietors of the Times intend to publish a weekly tsunimary of events at a penny. The last number of ¡Sature has a lotter by Alfred Howitt, of Bairnsdale, Gippsland, on the boomerang, where we have his observations during twenty yeats of the properties of tho boomerang proper, and of the tootgundy wunkum,' or the boomerang that won't come back, but. goes straight on. The Fortnightly has a long paper by Sir David Wedderburn on English Liberal- ism and Australasian Democracy, iu which he compares the two in respect of education, free trade, &c.; Tho political sin of the latter he considers to be extravagance, but their undoubted happiness he lays down to the successful working of local self-rgovern ment. Of the colonial Press, he says that the leading papers mav take rank with the high class journals of England, and that -he does " not know any American newspaper which can be favourably compared with the Mel- bourne Argus and the Sydney Morning Herald." ; | The opera season is now almost at an end. it has not been noted for much novelty,- and eeveral foremost singers have been laid aside by illness, so that the new works have been few. A wordy war is going on , between Messrs. Gye and Mapleson 'about the new | National Opera House ; on the Embank- ment, which, however, will scarcely sfup the I progress of the work. The.Crystal Palace has ! not much going on in the musical line, its j energies being devoted to Meyer's groat j hippodrome,, elephantodrome, and camelo-, drome ; but the Alexandra Palace is pushing ahead under the direction of M. Weist Hill, and next Saturday is to be devoted to a Balfe .Memorial Festival, for which Christine Nils- son, Edward Lloyd, and. Miss Enriquez are engaged. At the forthcoming Birmingham fentival anew oratorio by Professor Macfarreu. will be produced, entitled " The Resurrection." Of course all this will fade when the gccHt Wajrner festival at Bayreuth begins, as it will do soon. A report has been going, about that Miss Thompson, the painter of the- Roll Call, had turned Roman Catholic, and would confiné her- self to sacred , subjects. It appears, however, that rhe always has been a Koman Catholic, and is now engaged on a picture of the Battle of Inkermann, she evidenily knowing how to work a good vein whian she has found one. Museums seem in request ; concurrently with tho project of a colonial museum, we have a scheme for one of physical science at South Kensington, for scientific apparatus and appliances and chemical appli- ances. At Kew ' Jardeas Mr. Jodrell has given £1500 for establishing a laboratory of physi- ological? chemical, and microscopical research. One of the musical features of the next season is to be the pianoforte recitals of Alfred Grimfeld, "the young Anstraliau phenome- non " as he is called, whose " gift of improvi- sation will recall the brilliant essays of Men- delssohn and Moseheles." The opening services of the Rev, Newman Hall's new church in the Westminster Road are not a success, so,far as attendance goss. He thought to have a month of services by eminent ministers, and to have a refined edition of Moody's campaign; but the people would not come, and he is stiÜ. ißCOOO, short, the church having cost: £(10,000,, ; ,¡¡> The Balbara mystery I-heg to leave rcthose who have the patience to read four or five columus daily , of evidence about a Malvern doctor, the effects of antimony in the form of tartar emetic, and tho feelings of Mr. and Mrs! Bravo towards one another As Tom Hood wrote :-; " Twelve men they «at upon bia corp*» To find out wkij Itt diid ;" - but it is not at all 'clear in'this', ease that they will be able to say how the poison came into the body of the young barrister. - : . . - 1 -, CREDB. I Tint HIPEBNICON.--This interesting' entcr tatnroerit of Mr.: Ho worth's illustrative of. /Irish scenery and manneiB. was gjyen la^t niglu^at the SuhooTof Arts, to a crowded audience,'for 'he'benefit, j it was aunnvneed, " of the Sacred Henrt Church." 