THE NOVELIST. i i A BRIDGE OF G-LA^S~«j [Uv P. W. KOBINSON. AUTHOR OF AKÎT JUDGE Br-iKSTKu; ; TJIK M.Í.U iBiihl ULAMGOW, ¿tc, ic] j CitAPTKii XXXl.-llKsuii: ox DIXKNC::. j Hy what ingenious system in CUUMIIUUH mont (¿uail intended to hold himself aloof f. any exhibition of Lady J'ouniu'd gratitude, have no metliod of ascertaining, and we doul Clement himself had seen his way to that dos hie result. Ile had had a strong hope that cousin would remain at her house on the dil expectation of his arrival, until time should ; away, and his holiday be over; and hu trusted : sharp outlook on thu sands or in tho country la to avoid all accidental meetings. Ile had m up his mind to be embarrassed no further by hilly's patronage; she had gone from hid spin and ho would have nono of hors. JIo did note ; to thiuk of her ; if ho could have forgotten t 1 llesbio Uraco had ever lived, ho would have b i profoundly grateful. Ho would not explain v I -his only sign of irritation had been <svin< a when it had suggested itself that his brother 1 I desired that explanation ; his greatest niortiii ¿ lion of spirit arose from the fact that-Matthew, i & possibly lieshie, had considered that he was s ' I brooding over his cousin's want of faith, und s f| grieving for his'loss nf her. As if evory scran I love had not been turn up long ugo -every sin .j even of respect for lier, if the plain truth siioi .it over hav" to bo told, and they hurrassed him ! H much. They would not let him be, and lie 01 . ,} wautad to forget her ; to let tho great seal for c J: ho set on ii story that he did not care to rope "i and ol'which he knew moro than llesbie Tom I gave him credit for knowing. ' jj Clement was u moro thoughtful man than M V. thow conjectured, for to Matthew ho was alwn ?}} playing a part. His mannor was certainly i ; ¡lr * forced; his raillery and jesting were genuino cb : '& li lions of high spirits; but it was only Matthi I t| who saw him at his best. If Clement did not hn V his dark hours in town, ho had his silent or ! , wliun ho thought deeply and sadly, and onlye ' i orgod from them hy tho sheer strength of his wi j His was not a bright future -ho had lost caste,a ; had made mistakes in business ; and it was hn j \ work tokeop his heart light, though he succeed ' 1 tolerably well upon the whole. His broth r jj thought that there was not such a light-heuvli ' fellow in tho world, but that was au error born i, Clement's extra spirits in his com puny. Oloniont was afc high pressure all day ; treatii . very lightly tho ovents of the carly morning, ai I j : aggravating M"atthew by much llippancy coriceri ing thom. When Matthow told him that Lad ¡I1, i'oiiuio had come to tho house lo overwhelm hi: with her thanks, he congratulated himself un tl V J , idea which he had recently adopted to keep h j cousin at a distance. I, . ' " 1 am glad that you aro going to tho villa 1 \ said Matthew, " and that-" . i " I am not going," replied Clement. " I aski j I :j if shu would allow mo to call-that's all. A sit 1 ; plo inquiry." "You hayo saved her child's life. Sha w y ' ; ho unhappy if you studiously avoid her thankii ^fjjljj^ ^ " i went up to my knees in waler to fish out BBS* second cousin, hut that is no reason why tho fir r3f^ should trouble mo liko this," said Clem. W*' j " Von aro hard on Hesbio-you-" "Matfchow, I don't want to soo lier again; i |, ¡ fact 1 can't seo lier in these long trousors of your j j.! and I bato tho mention of her name, and yo I J know it." J j.j Tho door of tho low parlour wherein tho it I j wore sitting was opened without any prelim i i'j'j nary notice, and thc big servant entered with ri j j hound. .¡¡?i i "Lady Pounie," sho announced; and tho cousi v l'j of whom they had been speaking stoic into th \ ;| j room. ii; _ Tho llrst few steps towards Clement wore mad j . I timidly and nervously, as if she woro afraid o i i j him, or doubtful in what way ho would recoivi j, 1 her ; but sho gathered coin-age, and seized hi j ' ; bauds within her own, wringing them hard, nn< ii ' shed a few tears. Ho was not "prepared for he :! .; giving way sn suddenly as thia; it was not tin il ..; lady whom ho had met coming out of church yes , ! ' torday. j; j! "1 know, Clement, that you do not wish me tc if ii thank you, and that you do not wish to seo nu I' ?ngain," she said, " but I cannot rest without offer ¡iii H ing you a mother's blessing for her child's rescue 'j You have restored tome all tho hope and comfort ; i ! in this world that I have, and God bless yoi ||i for it!" 'i '! Sho spoko hurriedly,and with imtchoxcttemout. ' li and ho was moved by her gratitude. Not that . i j * she saw it, for she was agitated and nuliko her i» jj leif-it was only Matthew who noticed tho .! I brother's sudden change of feature, and effort to i ( j! sustain his self-command. ;¡¡ i .j " Von have hoard an exaggerated account of the !. affair from Hannah Bennett, Lady I'ounie," sairl !: ; Clement; "hut your maid U imaginative, and .. i' paints with bright colours." ..; '{ " I know all the truth." .:{'.< " If thu little girl is none the worse for her fall , "li j in the water, I am glad," said Clement. '?,.». " Sho is well, thank you," replied lieshie ; " and i ' j' she talks ol' nothing but you." I IV " lt is a pity," was tho dry rojoinder. ". Lady I'ounie looked quickly at him, and then '.: . her lip quivered. I low obdurate he was, and what . hard, cruel things he said to her! Yesterday she I ! ; would not havo ¡ot him seo that he had power to ; ; ! wound her, but to- day had brought them more il .. closely together, aud she, with all her nervous- ly noss, had a will to speak out. This man had j: ! saved her daughter's lifo only this morning, and j i U he had imja-jt thoughts of her which a few words i .; j! ol' her own might disperso. She had a right to set . i, r, herself in a butter light he foro him, and it was in , Í, lier power to do so, .she fancied. j« '. "Clement, will you tell me why you are so ! ¡; hard-will you be as frank UÜ you ever were with [ me !J" she asked, with a sudden nus.-* that tool: him \ ) off his guard, and brought tho colour to his .?j cheeks. i ll j " I am sorry that you think me hard," he swered ; " hut there is uo necessity for any ox nation between us." i " Yes, there is-for you are not thinking wei . mo." j "1 try not to think of you at all, L j i'ounie." I " Jhit when you do-is it with kindness, w charity, with the friendly reinenibraiii*o of w you thought of me long ago ï" was the bold im lient question. "There ! I can be oul-spol because it is you who believe ill of me, and v promised that you never, never would !" "All this is irrelevant-what can it mal now ?" cried Clement, lie looked round ns though to appeal to brother, hut Matthew (¿nail was standing at lnautlepiecc, ¡ind would not turn in his directic "Ali, you have not answered my question !" s his cousin. " Von aro going away, we «hall ne moot again, I hope ; but let us part with thu tri between us for this once." Clement walked up and down tho room, bali hy this plain-speaking-foiled, as it were, by own weapon*. How like she was to the old ii hie afc last-tho girl he had known and loved befi going abroad, and had hoped to call his wife. paiiMul beforu her, and said : " What do you wish to kuow?" '. Why you hate me." " (¡od forbid that 1 should hate you !'' ho repli -" Von who have been so dear to me. You wi only a child when I talked to you as a de< thiiiking woman,and I told you in tin» home-clo when you fj;avu mu up for good, that I lind benn tim wrong, not yon. I took the blame upon n self, and tho little that thor« was to forgive, I f gavi! heartily. Let me simply remind you of th ¡ind end this conversation." "So; you havo changed towards mo sir then." " Well ; I have." " l'or my own name's sako, I have a right to < maud tho reason You aro an honest mau, a will Rive it mu !" " lt' you wish-if you insist-if you force tl explanation upon mo -" he cried. ".Yes; 1 wish it." Ho frosvned at lier persistency, and then we on again. "It was natural that you should have leann to forget mo ; for you wore very young, and I w away à long timo," ho said, quickly. "J* thong it was moro than natural that some ono bett than 1, cloverer, moro fitted for woman's societ ami to please woman, should have attracti and fascinated you ; and mortified as I. mig] h aro been, I did not judge you harshly for yoi chango of mind." ' " No ; you wore generous. And then ?" " And then you wont away, with a suddenno; for which 1 wai unprepared. You understand n -that you wont away from Atherby Court wit bord I'ounie r" " It was a rash act, T confess it," she sal humbly. " it was sin !" was tho fierce answer. " On my soul, no!" she cried. And she seome to grow in stature as sho spoke, and to Hush ligh niug from her eyes. " Clement, I-I" begau his brothor, turnii round at hist. (i Don't interfere ! cried Glemont, sharp! " You havo dragged mo into this miserable di cussion, and 1 will speak out now. You wei away with Lord Tonnie," ho said to Ilcsbio, "thinl big yoursolf safer with him than in your father house. Then 1 knew how 1 had wasted som of the liest years of my life in placing you i my affection, and how unworthy you had been c my trust. Your faithlessness 1 forgive, you weakness I could pity, tho vanity which ha tempted you with a title I comprehend ; but 1 d notl<now now how llosbie Grace-my Hesbie! th girl .1 thought so proud a woman-cduld,havo eas herself away so miserably and completely upo thc lino gentleman who chose to flatter her." "Clement, if you would only - " began Mal thew again, and again his brother interrupter him. "lt was not the high spirit of my cousin," li went on slowly ; " it was the sinful delusion of : dairymaid ! The farmer's daughter had loss self respect tliau a peasant-girl might have showi uiuler similar temptation ; and it did not seem-i has never seemed - this could bo a woman whom had over thought an angel, Thore, Lady Pouuii you have demanded my explanation, you havi dragged it from me, when it was easy to guess al without this cruel mooting, and you know why . eau never rospect you again." " I left West Athorby with tho man who became my husband," she said. " Youwero not married till ten days afterwards and then this nobleman had pity on you," Clemen' answered. Ho was unmerciful ; he spoke out all that ha« been rankling in his thoughts for four years, ant which had cast in thc dust the woman whom hi had loved. His voice rang out clear and sharp and Lady I'oume's heart vibrated with it, thougl it reboiled against every word lie hurled at her lt was the story which he believed, which thc world believed, perhaps, and which it was so hare to disprove, now that four years of silence had passed away. But how hard it was to her that he should believe it, she only know herself ; and she had beaten down all pride and reserve, and faced his cruel scorn of her, to be thought a better anil truer woman than he deemed her. For they came of a proud race together. "Clement," sho 3aid, firmly, "all this is false, I know yesterday that you thought it was true-I saw it in your face. Tins nobleman"-she quoted Clement's words with almost tho same bitter into- nation-" did not take pity UJÎOU mo! Thote ten days of wiiioh you speak were full ot* ; orrow and disappointment; but not of shame, so help me heaven ! It was Lord I'ounie who begged nie tc be his wife, not I who asked for his merciful con- sideration. There ! believe this, Clem, do believe it. every word ia true! To him who snatched my child from death, to him I did treat badly, heaven forgive mo ! I have striven to cqilaiu that 1 might .stand well in ono honest mon; >:?;.*. J'V>r we part hero forever. I shall seo you no more." liefere uo could answer, or he had recovered himself, she had swept from the room, and when he made one hasty movement to the door, lie foum his brother Matthew standing in the way,as whit and ghost-like as himself. "You have heard all, let her go," said Mat thew. Clement looked at Iiis brother irresolutely, thei lie dropped into a chair, and shook a little as witl a sudden ague. " You know this, aud did not tell me," he said " It is all true, then ?" " Yes." "And you have let me think her a poor weal wretch, of whom there uro Hf ty thousand shadows in tiie streots ; she no better at heart than they but only luckier, by God's chance. How was it ?" " I have never asked for the facts. Clem ; I have learned them by degrees, that's all," was the an- swer. " She left Lord 1'oimio at tho railway ter- minus in Loudon, and they had not met again, when the Karl of Coedstown discovered her. lt was ho who begged her to marry his son, as well as the sou himself." " If she told you that fiction, she-" " I had it from tho Earl's own lips." " Failing to make her his victim. Lord I'ounie condescended to make her his wile-that is the truth, then," said Clement. " Why, it is Richard- son's' Virtue Rewarded' over again, Mat, only tho roward is handsomer," "Don't sneer at it!" said Matthew. "Ilesbie acted bravely." " How she must have loved him !" said Clement musingly. " T think she did, once." Clement turned quickly to his brother, but Matthew did not perceive the movement. "And how he must have loved lier, to give up his hope of a noble alliance, and to lower him- self to the level of farmer Grace's daughter !" said Clem. Matthew was silent, and Clement, af ter studying his brother for a while, fell into thought himself, without repeating tho question. "Mat!" ho called out at last; and Matthew started, and came to his side. "What is it:", "I feel happier to-night than I have felt for the i last four years," he said. " Our llesbio's was a hard battle, and she fought it out well. 1 hope he is as good to her as he should bo." " I hope so," answered Matthew, gloomily. And then Clement remembered that Matthew had set himself the task of watching for her, as if there were grave doubts at the heart of the elder brother. 