The Recent Murder in Queensland— Strange Apparition. The Maryborough correspondent of the Brisbane Telegraph, writing on tbe 24th ult., says :— ' The night after the enquiry as to the sudden death here of a woman named Rixson (when a verdict ol death from natural causes was returned), a man named Adamson going home across tbe reserve, saw a ghost. If you consider this a laughing matter I assure you the man does not. He becomes fightable if you but smile when he narrates his experience. This is what he saw — First, what appeared like a small heap of black earth. As he approached he saw it move, and concluded it was a large black dog. But it still kept growing larger, and Adamson was certain it was a drunken nigger. Muster ing all his courage he walked towards the object. As he drew near he was seized with a violent shaking, cold perspiration burst out all over his body, a bundle which he was carrying on his shoulder fell to the ground, and his hat rose from his bead. In the features of the apparition he recognised those of Mrs. Rixson! Then came a voice, ' I am the murdered wife of Rixson! '?' The apparition then placed one of its hands over its mouth, and the other on its throat, and — disappeared. Adamson does not know how long he remained on the reserve, or how he found his way home. Next morning he took his wife's advice, and told his extraordinary experience to the police, and they, growing suspicious, arrested Rixson and Lydia Quipps. The woman was no sooner in the police office than she made a statement, which she has since repeated in the Police Court. She is not in custody. It appears that immediately after his marriage Rixson took a ''down" on his wretched wife. He cohabited with her but oue night. The remainder of the week of his v.wedded life he slept at the woman Quipps' lodgings. He fre quently swore that he would have the life of his wife. Ou Tuesday morning, March 15, he left Lydia at six o'clock, and went to his garden to dig her some sweet potatoes. In about half-an-hour he returned, and while delivering the potatoes said, ' I have been and done for my wife.' The woman answered, 'Good God, I will never speak to you again as long as my name is Lydia Quipps. Then he held her by the windpipe, saying, ' This is the way I did it.' Afterwards Rixson said to her, ' So help my God I have not done it ;' and left her. In consequence of the additional evidence the body was exhumed, a second post- mortem examina tion held, and Dr. Little, on being recalled, gave it as his opinion, gathered from the re-examination and from the evidence, that the woman had come to her death by strangulation. That is the case. Rixson seemed utterly astonished at the evidence the police had gathered, and it is believed that the remorse — if he is capable of it — which visited Eugene Aram will induce him to make a full confession of his guilt. A sub-cbmuiittee of the Melbourne Atlieniemn bas been nppoiutcd to consider tho advisability of opening that institution ou Sundays. .S? {The Boundary Tin Mining Company at Maitfand j. to bu wound up. There is a scarcity of carpenters in Sydney in consequence of tbe pusiiiug on of the Hftndwtck Grand Stand and otber lurge contracts Mr. Wilson offers extra pay for workmen to erect his circus frame 'aud fitting?. At Arniidale, Tenterfiehi, audother ]4accs,tnove incnt6 are afoot for the formation of ' Piyaiors' Mutant Benefit Societies.' A country journal says that the cause of the movement is the low price which millers, or more correctly speaking storekeepers, have been ac customed to offer for wheat. 'Tommy Doyle,' au aboriginal, was brought up at tbe Wnlgett police court, ou the 27th ultimo, and diargedby Constable .Cliudwick with municriug one 'Tiger,' another aboriginal, at Gingi. The accused aoknowledgtd his guiit, by stating that 'he killed Tiger because Tiger v;as going to kill him.' The case was remanded. The l'e:ik Downs Copj^r Mine air'hoiities are showing fresh signs of activity. The umuager is now ami, as soon us the complement of men is supplied, fcfiere will be about 50 tous of copper turned out each nc-ik. ? A telegram from Tenterfield states :-Ashton's Circus Company played here last night. The I«rtfc marquee, uiucty feet canvas, was crowded to fitilToia tion. The audieuuc, which was tbe ''inrgvst «-ver seen here, greeted tho several members of the troupe with great applause. The Japanese in their peiformaures were wonderful. Little Annie Ashtou, in her daring tents— jurtping througU hoops, balloons, aud over enor mous brnners - gnre a great performnuce. The veteran Asbton, tbe oldevt travelling proprietor, of circus' iu the A'straljan coloniff, was wrfeoued with »?-ilhusinsm. Tliis is, without, a -ioubt, tlie greatest combination of talent travelling . The following is au incident in 1he travelling of slieep. Speaking of a mob of 12,000 sheep tra veiling from Liverpool I'kins to Deuiliquin, a correspondent of the Jluhouqttig Atj)v.i says:— The drovers dropped mobs ou tno road, but generally succeeded in re covermg them. On one occasion some four or five hun dred were lost near Cumbnmurra Eiver. One --f,the' men in charge weiit in Bearch of them Bud saw a large number in tbe flock of a small settler. Ou interro gating this man the drover was told that there might be a few, but on drafting thp' fiock there vrere 00 fewer titan one hundred and fifty. UiisiJcs (.he T, travelling brand, there was another letter on tho back. VTien fntin^ f Iinrt* hiui hojm a tuu*md T Tint nn. and some had been branded V. As legal proceedings would nave compelled delay, the sheep were merely taken away. It was fortunate that tbe drover arrived on the day he did,w tha selector's mob was for a journey the next morning. 