Frightful Tragedy. A shocking tragedy was enacted in Flinders Lane on Friday evening. A man named John Makiwitz, stated to be a native of Dantzic, and about 42 years old, who, it is said, at one time kept the Empire Hotel, in Hotham, but had latterly been employed in some capacity at St. George's Hall, and was in very straitened cir cumstances, was married a year ago on the 17th, to a young woman, but they did not live happily together. The woman, who is rather good-look ing, stated that he was very jealous of her, and ill-treated her soon after marriage and subse quently. They lived together, however, till about a week ago, when the woman ran away from him, and took a house at 135 Little Flin ders-street east, not far from the Detective office. It appears from what follows, that the woman gave him cause for jealousy, and that brooding over this he came to the determination to kill himself in her presence, in order that she might ever after be haunted by the horror of his death. On Friday morning he went to his wife's house and got a sovereign from her, for the pur pose, as he said, of taking out of pawn a great coat and some shirts, preparatory to going up the country with a hawker, but in reality, it appears, for the purpose of buying a pistol, and ammuni tion with which to kill himself. The woman was very much frightened by his manner then. At about 6 o'clock in the evening, he returned and knocked at the door, and was let in by a little boy, who, after opening the door, went out the back way. The man walked into the bedroom, where his wife was, and looked at her in such a terrible manner that shw crouched against the bed, and implored his mercy. He struck her, and then showed a pistol, and pointing out that he had twisted round his finger a lock of the woman's hair, pushed her suddenly backward upon the bed. She screamed, and at the same instant felt something like a puff of wind pass over her head, a loud explosion, and fainted. On recovering she saw the man lying dead across the bed in a pool of blood, and his brains scat tered over the bed and floor. She gave an alarm, and Constable Slattery being fetched by a boy, went to the place. He found the man lying on his back on the floor in a pool of blood, the left side of his head blown away, and his brains scat tered about. The sight was a horrible one. The man seemed to have fired the pistol into his mouth. His left eye, the left side of his face and head, and all the inside of the head, were blown away, and the bulk of the brain was lying in a lump in the centre of the bed. Beside his left hand was a small single-barrelled pistol, and near his right hand was a letter. The wife of the deceased, Alice Makiwitz, said that the man tried to shoot her first, but from the contents of the letter it does not appear that he had any in tention of killing her, but that he succeeded in doing exactly what he wished, namely, shooting himself over the woman's living body. The wo man said the man's name was Mankovich, but the name was spelt by the police as given above. Below is given a copy of the letter as near as- it could be published: The writing was very shaky, but tolerably distinct, and the errors in grammar and spoiling were much less than might have been expected, considering that the writer was a foreigner. It contains allusions to his wife's immoral relations with men, whose names are not given below for obvious reasons. Some of the context also has been omitted, being hardly fit for publication. It will be observed that the writer refers to the ' day of his wedding and his burial, no doubt alluding to the fact that yester day was the anniversary of his wedding-day. The reference to the detective force apparently alludes to the fact that the woman lived near the Detective-office. The letter runs thus : — December 17, 1875.— I write this in my proper sen ses, and I intended to kill myself to-day some way. My wife left me last week through the interference of the following women and men:- [The next sentence is in coherent.] Prostitution is the best carried on, most successful carried on, under the very nose of the police, as the detective force is an example. . . . I don't sign my name. It will be found out soon enough. I have no money, and I intended to blow my brains out over my wife's living carcas (?), that she always may remember my (?) in that beautiful life she and her com panion are leading, and the curse (?) of God be on her (?), that she shall have the mangled body of myself always before herself, and if my ghost he shall hunt her and drive her to madness, and the worst I wish her (?) [The remainder was written, so that it could not be known which position read first.] I got £1 from my wife and . . . . .I paid 4s for a pistol in Cleeland's. I return the rest to her after paying for powder and shott. I see her at my wedding day and my byrrial (?) I wish to be burried (?) with the lock of hair on my finger. . . . I leave my lodging now 10 a.m. to go and see my cursed wife to get some money,- the first and last to buy a pistol, and return to her, take her in my arms, and scater my brains over her cursed oarcas. — Amen. N.B. — My wife's name was Alice Buckley, and you will find from her, her brother is an old policeman, and living, I believe, in Dandenong, Oakleigh, Ferntree Gully, or Sale (Gippsland), at pre sent I believe. J.M. married December 17, 1874; died by his own hand December 17, 1874. Order for a grave stone. The tragic event naturally caused consider able excitement in the neighbourhood. Dr. Youl held an inquest on Saturday, at the Argyle Arms Hotel, Little Flinders-street on the body of the man John Mankiwez, who shot himself on Friday evening. It may be mentioned that the man's wife, about a year ago, before she was married to him, attempted to drown herself in the Yarra, by jumping off Prince's Bridge into the river, and then one of three men who rescued her, was drowned by the upsetting of a boat. The deceased Man kiwez saw her in the Police Court, and soon afterwards married her. The woman was very much excited after the inquest, and on Saturday evening, in consequence of her threatening to kill herself, she was, by direction of Inspector Beaver, locked up on a charge of attempting to commit suicide. The evidence revealed a shocking state of im morality on the part of the wife, who had been a bad character before her marriage with Man kiwez. Her testimony was similar to the state ment above given. The house in which the catastrophe took place is a low brothel. The jury then consulted, and were divided as to whether the deceased Mankiwez was sane or not. On the matter being put to the vote, eight were for a verdict that the man was of sound mind, and four that he was insane. The four were then asked by the coroner whether they would coincide with the view of the majority, and they said they would. The following verdict was then returned:- That the deceased, John Mankiwez, shot him self, when of sound mind. A Maori Kaekaukai.— A telegrarh : 'rora Giaborno to tho Aitciland Mail mentions ;hat a great Maori kaekaukai commenced at - WoaronRahika yesterday. Native presents wtr» sxckangcd.to tho value of over £5000. The gifts ' included about 50 tons flour,' £100 worth ofto- baoco, live stock, an imnsnte quantity ofjrog, thousands of preierrod pigeons, clotlunj, orna mental, calabashes, dried sharks, bank notes, Eold, and Maori curiosities. There was a .war ' danco during tho day. Feasting and! drinking will last till all the grog is consumed. About 1000 Maoris and 500 Europeans are present. Ono Giaborno storekeeper sold over £2000 worth of stuff for tho festival.— E. News , Gratitude 1 ! !— Within the last few days . the following disgraceful facts camo to -my knowledge. A young fellow, about 19 years old, had been playing cricket in the Kichmond paddock. As ho was about crossing the Punt road, he observed a caW, contaiaing only a screaming child, dragged at full gallop by a run away horse, Without any hesitation he rushed to the horio's head and checked it) mad career ; but in doing so, he was thrown down and trod den upon by the hone. Some perion of gentle manly appearance camo up, apparently -the father, of tho child, look chares of the horse and vehicle, and drove off, leaving the young fellow .who bad nobly risked his life, lying helpless in the road. The doctor found that his liver h d beon raptured. He lost hii employment, has been unable to accent anv other, and bus o nt his father, who is in humble circuraitanc»s,£2C0 for medical attendance, and other expenses at tendant on his illness. . Up to tkis hour he has never boon even thanked for the hamano'aot, which has cost him so dear. His father adver tised in ordor that the relatives of the resoned child might, if they chose, shar» someaf tli» ei peaditure ; bat as I have alr»ady nid, h* has mot been accordtd even a formal rote of tbaaks. , -If the Humane Society want to part with a Medal, or. if any' affluent persons ara sifted with a burn ing deiira to recognise in a praotioal way that duty whioh some oh* has so cruelly neglected, I can put them in communication with th* victim of a sonorous enthusiasm.— JEgks in tin Aus tralasian, December 25, 1876. ' ' Another leather in the Gap of the Pobtsiastee-Gbneral. — Sine* Mr. Burns has held tka office of Postmaster-General, the- coun try has gained the benefit of several decidedly valuable innovations, 'and the abtivity of bis ad ministration may in some respects-be undorstood when we say tlitjfc during 1875 a largo number . of new postofficoa ware oponed. The introduo tion of the post cards was a great (riqnpH, and probably, if they were now withdrawn, tbeir ex coedinj; convenience would ho more appreciated than it is even now. Another change is in con templation, and will bo brought into .working! in a few weeks. It is a change that will materially hasten the delivery of conntry correspondenoo in the smaller tewnahips and in o'ut-ofthp 'way settlements nowaerrod wholly or partly byitlio railway lines. In manyjjaios,, now, maili- are ovcrcarried, because it is impossible to make up as. many bags as thtre aro places,: aud. letters aro thus lent from one principal post -office to another prinoipol. post office, whero tho diffusion takes place. Letters posted' in East Maitland. forBranxton, say, do not go direct to Brabiton, 2ut coma to Woat Maitland wbera they are sor ted and p.ut into the West Maitland Branxton bag, thus undergoing a. delay . of some hours. The effect of tho .change alluded to is to'conquer this element of delay— all tho letters posted for Branxton will bo sorted during, the train journey and on the urrivnl at Branxton of the first train after posting,) will be delivered at Branxto^ sta tion.' This case will serve to illustrate «ll'otlieni. There will bo attached to each mail traiii a- Ira-, volling p*it olficc, and during the passage oT'jhd train, efficient isorterswiil mako np a mail .for every placo which the. railway serves as a mail enrrier. .'In' «nnio instances awh'0'0 day will. 1-e saved 'by the hi{W 'arrarigemont, and Mr.' Burns desorres the thanks of tho coruuiunity for hav ing determined upo a it. It is intonded of courso to, applVrto.all tho railway lines in. the colony, the northern as well as the southern, and wes tern. — if ail(aud, Mercury. ?-.-,,? \ ' . ' : ^Narrow. 'Escape from Death .'! tiy SrAnrATioN.— A' case now under .treatment tin tho Murrurundi Ijospitnl presents such a sin gular instance of an e3capo from the fatal effects of long-continued, starvation, that we feel: con strained to place its' details before^our readers. The. patient, a man named Daniel Wilson, had boon/engaged in^ shoep- washing a. short- time since, ^nd upon receiving his cheque. proceeded to a bjish public house' to prooure change. Of tbe, cirenmstancos attending . his visit to. this -houso the mm retami no knowledre; excebtihg that ho took one or two drinks. . He recollecU nothing of what followed until he fouBd.hiniWlf wanderinjf in. the ,ba«h. scsjcely. obtascious' of anything, much loss' of the locality he was in, or how he came thore. His money had 'all dis appeared, and no means bf subsliitenoe presented itself. The nnfortunatoma* wandertdfor sorno days until, becoming utterly exhausted,' he laid down amongst the long grass that sarronnded hita. ' \ Deliriuni' fora, tint* appotrs to', hs,vio(«n- . soosl, his wandoring imagination ; picturing*, sill manner of frightful frrms, mnsl causing him to indulge in. the most unnatural '.eondBst; sdeh iis divesting himself of his clothes, ieslriijf.spme por tions and throwing others away.' ;Buteihi.ustion terminated these excesses,'' and1 rendered fem^m . perfectly; passive sufferer. ' : -'Some reason, too, renJained, for upon finding his month becoming thoroushly parched and his throat olosipg jT it wee from ihirsb, he procured. some pebbles sod placed thorn in his mouth, to excito in it, ifpo-. siblo, some activity. :- Ho stales tbat ho derjvs'd - much benefit, from. ,.this^»xtronit 1 measure-, sad that sufficiontenergylwts awakoned to' enable him to cratrl to a currahf bush, from which ho ' procured some. morselof ediblernattor. Bpit b now trouble hero, cdrnmericed, for the plaoe^as itifested by ants,, wWcK giro BiuTiwsUT!«lirty. ' ancft in his, reducod. condition;.; /Wiftnubranch; otthe supposed, currant ..bueh,. ho oontrived to. ,beat:pffa number ; of tbo ;troukloa»inB -iBSetts, .' but couldi only-.pArtUlly protect hitoself frotti ??'? tneir molestation. At length, by the mcreskWic cident, ho~wasaiscoveredi^j a person who hap pened to p'ass the spot wKefre be lay itfd stile of nudity and pitiablfr di8JH*s»i * -'~In: answer to the salutation orhis nciir'frieHa.'t!rt?tf6oil',iinn r onlj ;'askea if ^e...WeW- cMI«'B.^V%:,blo^1 that .p9V. to, Winl'dnd. abthaily^feU'tto! ;^.trang^!rVMMiiB4/3p ' : ja^suro.bimseif of ;th^:jfic't-...w^i(jk,,.see,iipeijr.joo ? favourable to 00 truo. Ho wai left;fori,fii.«Jiort time whilo-his deliverer procured some-- refresh- ' ' ments (or his usot JW^hon thesa^tfW'broDffUt '' ,the faowor of Bwallo'wing had' nb**W- 'ft ??hi^1 and bo waq.,ab|e only- to swalloti; vpi Jitt)j-ywat«r and amo'rsolof meat, .CUftbosVf ero proviaed, aiid..; ;, the man^ng.renjof^d'.to'hii'bEnofsptor'ihougo'?''- and gradually his -Voakonea_scnios wort restonid siifficiontly tQ pdmit.of Eisliein gron^QVcd to M ur- ; . f;urundi t'i».i,th sofew* ij- Horq -, ^ljjs1 rjpnoiyed- -.: propor attention^n'nd |«v ^nq«v/ ^h^ppiljr : roqoverea ..'^ from his singular nnd.nltnos t ffttal raisfortuiie.— 5; ! Murnityndi TimetoJ)ejei^t\i....:: ] 'V';-'i-. , .; .AJ^ .':£fli;kin#tji^ vralke^'o!gttni^^TO^Ww!;TipM^&^ the ?gi-«ati's't,!pdde's{H&t;^ca|'-'.oaHife match took placo at W^;Bridff^!ok^i!a^ffi: BHHnHSsMsl^KH^KwiHnBs^^^HKnHRs^^BS^SfllB^iSH^^^L^Bssss^s^B^sB 