The Fugitive Slave Circular. The Spectator observes that the mistake o issuing the Fugitive Slave Circular in now onl of pure history, but it is one which may welf stand as a monument of the porverse and bi zarre misfortunes which dog the steps of even the slowest and most painstaking of Btalesroen nnd cast slurs on the repute of the moss, labor ious, national, und English of Governments. The episode has .done almost, as much to din turb confidence in the good sense of the Gov ernment as the failure of Messrs. Collie did to disturb confidence in the souudness of bills of exchange.. Conservatives have always piqued thems'elvHH upon holding the English, .flag higher than the Liberals. The favourite charge uguint Mr. Gladstone was that he thought no thing of English prestige, and against Mr. Cliilders and Mr. Gbsohen that they did not foster the English navy hh they ought. Yot here wsre Conservatives who proposed to make, the commanders of English ships disregard the English law, und govern their conduct by -for- eign law, even on the decks of their own ves Hels, in relation to mutters on which England bus felt the highest national ptide for many generations back in holding firmly to her own view. Again, if the Cabinet had piqued itself on anything, it is on not doing fussy things for the sake of the appearance of energy. It has constantly taken credit to itself for beingable to act on Lord Melbourne's great precept, ' Can't you let it aloneJi'V J;TbB range of exhausted volcanoes' were, 'wefwere told, to be a serious warning to Mir^ Uisraali. He, at least, would olioose colleagues :who. would prefer to do no thing rather than to do mischief. And yet the fi?lt...gfea!1 .flascq.haSjJjeBJMine-of. the moat needless bits of, 'fussy innovation of which. re. cent political history has any record. How, of ail men, .Lord Derby should have fallen into the fault of doing. too much without the ghost of an excuse for it, it is indeed, hard, to conjec ture. If Lord Derby/ really .considered and sanctioned the Circular, a more serious inroad on liis reputation as a man of caution and sense can hardly be imagined. 