IN spite of the tyrannical clamors from the Ministerial benches, Mr BERRY was quite right on Tuesday evening when pressing for the immediate introduction of the Railway Construction Bill. We do not go so far as to assert that the Harbor, Trust Bill should ue. laid aside for this purpose. ' Having pro gressed so far with this measure, it is better that it should be finally disposed of with out further postponement, than be treated) with such contemptuous indifference as ifs temporary laying aside would represent, the more especially as there is no reason why the two measures shonld not be dealt with together or concurrently. When the House was tired of discussing the one mea sure, or when it required further time for reflecting over any new light thrown upon its provisions, progress could be reported, and the other measure could, then be brought forward for discussion. This plan has been adopted, times out of number in Parliament, with quite as important matters as these two . bills involve, and no inconvenience has been caused to the House, or damage done to the . bills, by pursuing this course ; consequently, ' no valid pretext exists for withholding the ! Railway Construction Bill, simply because., the Harbor Trust Bill has not yet passeid through the third reading, and gone to the Legislative Council for its consideration. But, we "do 'ay that , the Railway, Con struction Bill should be introduced" at once, and therefore we entirely agree ' with Mr Berry's remarks to this end.'' It is a measure which will require a great ; deal of thoughtful consideration before it is finally dealt with'. So many claims h&A; been put forward by different deputations fdr railway communication, and so many goal cases have been made out of the sort, that a careful examination into all. the schemes to" be proposed by the Ministry, ' and into the statistics which have been laid before the Minister of Railways, will be requisite before a final decision is come to upon the Ministerial proposals ; and not any tiring-: could be more certain than that this critical attention will not be bestowed upon the Government propositions unless the mea sure speedily finds its way -into the Legis lative Assembly, or shonld only be brought down to tbe House at the fag end of a long and laborious session. It will then be rushed through the two Houses like one of its predecessors was, without receiving" that thoughtful consideration which itB -pfo- visions should command,; and considering the near approach of the Christmas holidays, there is a moral certainty1 thatr this will be its fate, unless the bill should be introduced within the next .few days, or before the , Harbbr Trust Bill has been finally" -disposed of by the Lower House. This) however, is only one reason why tbe Railway Construc tion Bill should be speedily introduced. An. other, and equally forcible one, is that the sooner the bill is brought down, the Sooner it. will Lb passed, ahd "the -sooner it" is passed the speedier will the railr way laborers and mechanics who are now out of w.ork, find.- congenial and profitable employment. In short, having got the money we should spend it as rapidly as possible — consisfebt, of-' course, with the obligations of tbe trust and the requirements of the community — instead of keeping it in the banks to gloat over in a miserly fashion, or tb help to enrich those over-prosperous monetary instituj tions. Rather than this, we should seek to make it, reproductive as eoori as" posfeiblej arid J the -"only way 'bo dh this is to set about' the work of con struction without delay, or apply the loan to that purpose for which it has' been obtained, without any ' more loss -of . time than is nacessay to obtain (dans for the pnrpose, and to let the works to those persons'1' who show s desire to' obtain tbe contracts,- and a construc tive capacity to carry them to fruition.. The excuse that is generally made for; keeping back this bill is that it would be a: mistake to iatroducp ft until the Goyeremeiit1 has concluded its bargain or extravagance,- whichever it may prove, with the Hob- j son's Bay Railway Company. Bnt there' . is no force whatever in this -plea. The- scheme connected with the purchase or i otherwise of that line, could be omitted from; the bill and brought down in a separate! measure. This could be done after an ar- ! rangement had been come to "between the Government and the company, and the Legislature could then affirm or deny tbe wisdom of completing the purchase. Any way, it is absurd to suppose that the work of making fresh lines most remain in abeyance pending ihe completion of this negotiation, seeing that the House once re- ! fused to sanction the Durchaee of that nm. perty without bringing to grief the Railway Construction Bill winch provided for it, compaiariyysipvai section of the community is interested in the object which the purchase of that line is intended to subserve. The excuse, therefore, for delay arising out of the nego tiations pending fifth" the Hobson's Bay Safiway Company has not a leg to stand npon, and can only be urged to conceal some .other design, or less creditable Jdifc in Sir James M'Gulloch's statement that the passing of the HarborTrost Bill willsbow fie real value of the Hobson's Bay line, bnt this mode of. appraisement has nothing whatever to do with the main question. Precisely the same result would be wived at hy omitting the outer or Inner circle line.! from the.bilJ,sand .providing forlt in a separate measnre, orLy proceeding Witt the X&uhor; Trust Bill at the same time as the Railway Construction Bill was being con sidered. It is impossible, therefore, except by the moBt doudeff-or pervertedjntellect, not to see the thorough jntdicejof the stand taken by Mr Berry im' Toeeday : wvqning In -favor of the BaffwayllKnistmc- ;tion Bill being immediately introduced. That measure is foil of interest to the whole f , " 1 commoDity, and will contain intricate matters requiring careful thought to properly adjust; and all this being the case, the further withholding of this bill will place the"3&o; verumpnt in anything but a credit able light before tbe country, whilst ex posing its' conduct towards the House itselfj to greet distrust or justifiable sus picion. In short, the money is now available for constructing the new lines, and it ought to be spent as rapidly as circumstances will allow, or departmental intelligence will permit. The TJpper House is not lucky in its efforts at self-reform. Sir Charles Sladen has fared no better than his predecessors in that line. His little bill "has already fallen abor tive. Fate and the Ministry were both ad verse to it® success ; and, to crown all, " the time itself nnsorted." It must;, how ever, be allowed that in the present instance the Council accept the situation which it is powerless to alter with a very good grace. It has permitted the Assembly's self-reforni- ing bill to pass through without a murmur, or the least attempt at alteration. Nay, it has even wisely abstained from haggling over the ungracious proposal so 'gratui tously suggested to it by Mr ctjthbert. Even Sir Charles Sladen disclaimed sympathy with the motive that prompted such a suggestion. Mr Cuthbeut is but a juvenile legislator, and may .therefore be pardoned -for «ot exactly' apprehending the true nature of the responsibilities arid obligations resting on him in that capacity. He seems to think that the only arguments befitting the upper branch of the Legislature, when dealing with the lower branch, are mild menace and gentle com pulsion. " If " — he reasoned in effect on Tuesday evening — "if the Council passes thp Assembly's bill,, there won't., be the -ghost of a chance of the Assembly's pass ing the Conncil's bill ; therefore let the former be held over until a compact of concession is squared." Now, this kind of wild and thoughtless girding at the popular branch of the Legislature is utterly unbecoming in any member of the superior branch. The species of constitutional log rolling suggested in it, if mutually practised by the two branches, would be of a very scandalous kind indeed, and utterly destruc tive of-, all honest legislation. The sole considerations pressing on the members of the Council, with the Assembly's reform bill lying before - them; were — first, was the measnre a sound and safe one for the country ; and, secondly, was the 'Lower House justified in passing it ? If these questions were answered in the affir mative, the Connctl woritd have been guilty of an act of treason to the -'State in re fusing to pass the measure,, or in allowing any other consideration .to interfere with their conduct in respeit of it; Butve .really do -not think that Mr cpthbert, from his sheer inexperience, had the least conception of thereat effect of his own sug gestion. It was but a random sally of youth and giddy elation of spirits. The best of the business jwas. that tke.- ether members of the Council Bhowed the -properspuit and did their duty. One of them indeed, Mr William Wilson, spoke very sensibly on the nature of the reform wanted in the constitution of that Honse, in order to briDg it into something like harmoDy with the popular feeling arid interests. "There can be little doubt, we apprehend, that the same conviction will prevail amongst the bnfk of the members when next the subject of self-reform comes before them. To-day the Ballarat Agricultural and Pastoral Society's eighteenth annual exhibitibn:of live etock, implements, machinery, &c.;, will be inau gurated at the showrards. Lake Wendonree, and prizes amonriting in the. aggregate to £963 will ' be offered. More - than 1200 ex hibits have been entered for competition, and it is believed that the show will be one of the best that has yet been held here. The opening day-is usujdiy .-devoted - to :-the judging ef machinery, implements, A-/- and there fore a large attendance of the .general public is not looked "for"; but onFridsy there will be attraction enongh forall clesses who feel an interest in the progress of the disteict ln which they live. Horses, cattle, swine,, poultry, dairy produce, plants, Bowers, colonial liquors, dogs, &c;!, will aU be judged oil "Friday! and" several "State-school bands will compete for prizes. A half holiday has been declared by the mayors of town and city, and no doubt thousands will visit the afaowj- yarilB shonld the weather prove favorable. Several im provements hfwe beep made at the yards for this show, and the stewards were busily engaged yes terday in making-final arrangements and receiving and placing exhibits. It was freely reported about Ballarat yesterday that a son of Mr Gaunt," P:M., kgefl twelve years, had died that day of. scarlet fever. The report was entirely without foundation, as there is not a single case of eickiness in Mr Gannt's family. : Mr W. Clarke, M.L A., ' waited upon the honi the Premier yesterday, with a letter from the Grenvifle Agricultural and Pastoral Society! inviting the whole of the Ministry to their Annual exhibition of live stock, & c. Sir Jas. M'Cufloch promised that certain, memhers.pf .the Ministry would'attehd, bnt that, pwing to the House sitting on the day offhe show, the' whole of the triembers of the Miniatry could uot be present. Mr Gaunt held an enquiry on Tuesday into A complaint .made. some time -ainqe by SHr John Palmer to the Minister of Mines, agarast Mr Sur veyor Davidson, for not having made certain plans! in accordance with the bye-lawa. Mr Davidson' was at once suspended, and asked for thepftjscnt enquiry. Mr Hardy appeared for Mr Davidson,! and Mr Wynne for Mr Palmer.- At tbe close of the investigation Mr Gaunt said he would forward ' the evidence; with his report, to the Minister of! Mines. ' The opening of the fishing season at Lgke Wen- , donree yesterday attracted many followersoflzaaki Walton to its shores, and from the first . gleam ofi daylight TiH -tlie last streak 1 of dawn scores of ! anglers Were engaged with' minnow, worm, aod! spinning minnow ill capturing the greedy perch. - We heard of several large tfkes, and, although so early in the season, the fish Were biting freely, and at anything in the shape of bait. One 'schoolboy with some good fat worms caught off one of the jetties some twenty or thirty fish, ranging frotn half-a-pound to- a pound in weight. A mining man from the Corner took home abasket of seventeen, one of them weighing n pound and a half, this being the re8u't of his operations in a boat with a spinniDg minnow. And we heard of several other large baskets. One or two rods were broken by big fish, which got away, and from the success of yesterday's operation, jtxs believed the present fishing season will be an attractive one at Lpfce Wendonree. . _ " - \- r.We haye teen, Mfced to state that Mr M'Gowan, Late of Ballarat, hut sow of Sandhurst, took first prize at the National Shbw, Sandhurst, for "the bestshod draught horse." While- on-thA subject -we may state -that the Ballarat Woollen Company carried off the prize for the best display of woollen cloths on the ground ; and it mSiAn! oversight off our part that this success was not noted in our columns before. Some .very offensive and entirely gTatnftrink'reflecflbns 'have 'beferi csSt upon Tie, fWfWor thia-oibiesion ; hut it seems td have beep lost . sight of Ahat while the proprietors of this lrd,Jmre.teen shareholdera in, Jtfae flfrltora Woollen Company from Its inception, those ipiteful persons who have dlstrlbnted tbe alandm- have not spent a single penny-piece towards encouraging the Sunnyside milL It is not likely, therefore, that we would wilfully-omit from our columns a notice of any good fortune that has befallen this undertaking, or that we should be indifferent, on journalistic, personal, or any other grounds, to its success. Sufficient, indeed, hiss appeared from time to time in Ourcolnmnrtb show the 'utter untena- ' hilfiy of -any eoth fully thought or venomous aocn-i ration. ! Mdlle. Atlanti will give her entertainment, as referred to in previoos issues of this journal, in the ! tke Mechanics' Institute this evening, com- mencing at eighto'dock. The press "has spoken ; very favorably of this entertainment, and of tee vocal and elocutionary -powers ofitee lady who gives it. ! The "Victoria Conning Club has entered upon new lease of life. Atameeting of the committee |on Monday,1 tee "resignation of - Mr Haydon, the secretary, was tendered and accepted. Officers for the ensuing year were elected; Mr W. J. Clarke bring chosen president, and Sir G. Verdon, Mr Simeon, MJL.C, and Dr Feteeraton as vice- presi- dents. Mr J. Johnston, of Ballarat, was elected judge to the club. It was resolved, owing to an un pleasantness which had arisen previously, to dis pense with the Waterloo dinner? and tee "president hoped every member would use his best endeavors to put down betting. Mr Clarke Said bis land would !be at the disposal of - the club for next searon ; .and Messrs D. Jones, J.-M'Cullocb, and Dr Fetherston were appointed a committee to draw up a programme. -- Of ail the places around Ballarat. that periodi cally make an effort to supplement "the funds of the Ballarat Hospital none is more successful than tec small township of Springs, on the Leftbn road. When .tee time for holding their annual concert arrives all go to work with a will and earnestness that speak well for their practical charity, and tee estimation in which they hold a valuable institu tion they are benefiting. The- responsibility- gf getting up the entertainment usually falls into tee ever- willing -hands of Messrs Bntterly, Coutta, Schnltze, and Harrison, and the successful issue ' always attained fully indicates tbe fituesB of the backs for the burden. Last year the amouijt handed in was over £30, but, owing to many resi dents having left the district since, it was feared the receipts would not reach that sum this yeah However, thanks to the untiring efforts of the above gentlemen, and a fine night, all fears tin that score were dissipated by the splendid audience which filled the Spriogs State-school last Monday) evening, every available nook in the building bring occupied. Tbe performers — all local amateurs- had been rehearsing for some considerable time, and as fruit of their pains gave a most creditable rendering of tbe programme appended. The plan of confining the entertainment to the efforts yfr local performers add6 materially to the margrn of profit. The following is the programme:— Overture, " Figaro,'! D. Coutts ; chorus, " Souse, brothers, rouse," company ; song, ""Dancing mad," local amateur; song and choruB, "Little sun shine," Miss A. Dewar; song, " Little brown jug," Mr. M, Butterly: piano (Kliqbqld), Miss F. Schnltze ;" 6ohg, "Five o'clock'in tee morning," Miss M. Coutts ; duet, li Minute gun at sea," Mis and Miss Dewar ; song, " Kitty Wells," Air J. Bult; sung, " Johnny Smoker," local amateur. Part 2 — Selection, 41 La Harpe ASolian," Miss F. Schultze ; glee, " See our oars, "company ; song, " By the . sad sea waves," Mrs Dewar; comic reading, MrM. Butterly; song andKorus, " Silver threads," Miss M. Coutts ; selection, " Bavarian Post Horn," MaBter D. Coutts ; song, " Gander of ,Glendalongh," Mr M. Butterly j song, " O steer .my hark," Miss A/Dew-ar; song, "O'Mulligan guards," local amateur; song and chorus, Home again," Miss Dewar. National Anthem. The entertainment concluded with a ball, which was kept up to an'eariy hour. Messrs Schraeder and Piper supplied the music for the evening. ! The Bungareeshire Board of Advice, 111, met in the City Hail on Saturday, the 28th October. Present— AU the members, except Messrs Skoglund and Kneeshaw. Correspondence was read from the Education Department, stating that a tender had been accepted for a new school building at Warrenhcip, to be of bluestoue with a slate roof. From the same, relative to repairs to school 1135, Springs, stating that the recommendations of tee beard will be considered. From the same, relative to lining and ceiling the -mew school building at Mount Rowan, No. 757, stating teat the building inspector had received instructions to have the re pairs carried out. Erom teacher of school No. 757, Mount Rowan, asking for a holiday, on account of tbe Ballarat Agricultural Show. Granted. — From Mr William Fraser, MinerSrest, asking for the use of the school building at Mount Rowan once a week, after school hoars, for tee purpose of teacli- \- ing singing. Granted, subject to the usaal con ditions. — Respecting the laying of-the foundation: stone of the new school building at Warrenheip, the chairman was instructed to write to. the Minister of Public Instruction and invite him to lay tbe stone," and. ask- what day would be the most suitable. Tho opening of pew school at Mount Rowan was. left in the hands of the, chair man to make arrangements. The board then ad journed till Saturday, 25th November. ' By order of the directors, a letter Was written yesterday by the manager of the Ballarat Woollen Company to a firm in Scotland, requesting it to engage the best person available to" take charge of the mill at Sunny Corner. . A meeting of the school board for the north riding of Grenrille was held in the State-school, Haddon, on Tuesday. Present — Mr Davies (chair man), Mr Bnchanan (correspondent), and Mr Kopke. ! A memorial bearing the signatures of twenty-five youths residing in tee neighborhood was presented to tee hoard asking that a night- school be opened. The board took a favorable view of tee matter, and suggested that a public meeting be called to fnrther the object and ascer tain how many would avail themselveB of the pri vilege. The Church of. England edifice at Haddon has recently had placed round it a substantial fence, and both fence and church -will be forthwith painted. The reserve will be planted at the proper season with ornamental trees. These improve ments will add greatly to the beauty of the site and neat little church, and the undertaking of them reflects great credit on those who have become responsible for "the outlay. Tt may "be" noted that the Rev. R. J. Mercer, of Ballarat, will deliver one of his popular lectures in this building to-night. | A visit jo Messrs Nicholls and: Co.'s nursery, .Peel street, will afford pleasure to- all admirers of the calceolaria. There, are now in bloom some thirtyrvarietiee of this," one iff '.onr prettiest eoft- wooded plants. -Tberpjs also in bloom a beautiful hibiscus Laujbertiana; and A. most beautiful rho- d6deiidron",'Mrs Clutten! ' gnake stories are .coming in. pretty early this sealbaj hut the beat' pf Iutoday. appears to have made tee djamdDd species lively and impression able. Mrs Peter White, of Bimgaree, was sorting some potatoes _ in a barn, when she -frit -a pricking aensationfn ope "of her fingers, and scion afterwards saw a snake gliding "away. -She told her hnsbaud, who scarified the 'puncture, and, putting a ligature round .his-wife's wrist,bronght her into Ballarat, where she received active treatment from Dr Usher yhjo-.tojected'OtoWPf1' andrnsedother re medies. The patient felt the effects of the prison, .and- .might have auccumbed had she not been '- in gootl hands, lint as some what alarming symptoms ' exhibited them-, -selves about midnight, Dr Usher ordered her re moval from Con's hotel to the Hospital, accom panying her. thither: and obtaining the extra aid of Dr Owen. In the Hospital Mrs White '-was suc cessfully treated'-and restored to convalescence.' A story, which we .have reason to believe is well founded; - has beeti 'told ti iff a diamond snake' behfgJehirmed 'to his destruction'- fay the music ofi a . concertina. . On Tuesday a young son of ..Mr Upjohn, of Lyons street north; waB playing'an in-! strument of this kindwhen a snake emerged from! its lurking place, and made towards tee boy;,who! very rapidly mapeteilu mother. Some time afterwards the' lad resumed.his music, and the! snakej-ictjlnfl preylonsty'benten a retremvugain j cauje from his hole, and was very soon dia-1 patched. ' " 1 -jSi The monthly meeting faff -the "Horticultural I Society was held last night at tee Mechanics'! Institute, Mr J. NliKoHe in tee- chair. Present— i Messrs Antefiffe,LaidULW,iEui3or,'W&;M'Kenzie, Rosa, Gray.-Longley, Rrid, Hogan,: and Cadden. j A letter was read from Mr Bruuning, stating he regretted be conid" not attend as judge. Received with regret- and Mr Harrie to he "appointed in his stead. The secretary brought up a report of receipts and expenditere to date, whirit was adopted. . Accounts for tee last bulb show -.were passed - for . payment. The stewards were ap pointed for the coming -epring show. Jndges for tee champion and cottage garden prizes, viz."— Messrs Lbngley. J, Nicholls, and Rosa. The fol lowing have entered, viz. Messrs A. Engeler, Hogan, W. Look, J, Paton, And Martin for tee champion prize ; and Messrs A! Engeler, W. Hogan, J. W. littard, 'J. Paton, and Martin .for the cottage garden prizes. Votes of thanka were pa aaed in Mr Lonjgley for exhibits of cinerarias at the late bulb -show (omitted from repfirt), and to Mr Antoliffe for his energetic and "valuable ser vicer: am that occasion.-..: After <wme routine bnei nesi, the meeting adjourned. Exhibited fav Mr Longley— Flower of stranzoma jpeaosa, first time exhibited, verytene. By Mr Grayi— A fine bloom of- wifite thrfaan remuncnlna. "By Yffeeers R. U, Nicholls' «nd iCo.— One extra fine bloom oF hibiscus Lambertiana. " ' 1 rertaw, that she has either fallen idown an aban doned abaft or into some deep waterhole. Mr J.-L.,Dow will ddivjer his exeelient. lecture on tee " Land Questiop,gnd Railway Reform," in tee Town" Halj, Sebastopol, tela evening, com- menpibg at riit o'clock! Tht admistitm will be free. . 2 A thheteK bk "riiij'ceri', wlfi la& placeJ in St. Peter's -Schoolroom; Sturt atredf, this evening: yfebe teat Slr Matthew'BnTBett is doing trork wt Betehworti 'and greatly adding to tee number of teetotallers tn that ftiatricL At tee Mount Ddran United Mefhodist Free Church, ttra TheBday 'eveniirf ;iaft, the Rev! W. Glariiv Xnimster of tee Bajfist Chnrrii, Dawaou street, delivered to a crowded audience aninterest- eea." SpintuM "Phgs, . lUiultivq iif ;the Christian : manner a Itirej snort: Towage, were song by tbe JaI 1A1 chahib Aoih 'tiDfler tbe carcfifl leadership ril Mr W. Price; The, flrat adng, "Siater. farewSL" Clsrk. r Then loltowril Moon," by half the singera; "The life Bhat aolo; Mr Priced iteoir in fuH chnrua; f-Tho Puot, .trio .by three' Voicsa, choir, and cborns; "Jesus by tee Sea," solo.Mr dark,chorns, the! t®oir.; .!, Let the fower lighta be burning, " by half i "nfeteorusj&e; dmir; »ffl»6oMentihoiB,Sj Jtito, SriwStepyJ 1 jswiiq rinawdyr sa b«..itos shstd half the choir ; " We'll soon be there," by full choir; "Seaman's Prayer," quartette; "God is near tliee," solo, Mr Clark ; " Jesus, at the helm," by half tbe singers ; chorus, the choir ; " Land ahead," quartette, and full chorus ; " Home- ward bound," full chorns. The lecture was given in Mr Clark's enjoyable style, and the singing was excellent. The proceeds of the lecture (nearly £5) have more than cleared off the debt recently incurred in lining the church. The Rev. J. L. Green, the minister, officiated as 'chairman. The usual votes of thanks were given, and the pleasant evening's proceedings then terminated. In another column will be found the entries for -tee Ballarat Turf Club's Spring Meeting, which will take place at Dowling Forest on the 24th and 25th November. The entries were received by Mr Johnston (secretary pro. tern.) daring yesterday, and posted at Craig's hotel last night. It will he seen . teat the entries are numerous enough to "promise good sport on bote days of tee meet. There arc jfor tee Handicap Hurdle -Rncfe, 6 entries ; Telegraph Stakes," 11 ; Ballarat Cup, 9 ; tee Tally-ho . Cup, - 13 ; the Bal larat Handicap, 13 ! tee Handicap Steeple chase, 17; .and for the Bowen Handicap; 10. Weights are to be declared on the 14th instant, and acceptances for the abore and entries for Trot, Selling Hurdle, and Flying Stakes to be made be fore four p.m. on Tuesday, 21st instant, with the secretary, at Craig's. A special meeting of the B.F.B. was held last evening, at the Brigade Hall, Barkly street, about twenty members being present ; Captain Morris in the cbair. Tbe meeting was called in consequence ' of the receipt by the captain of the following document 14 To the Captain B.F.B. — Dear Sir, — We, the undersigned members of the B.F.B. respectfully request you to call a special meet ing at your earliest convenience for the purpose of reconsidering . the -whole of tee business pertaining to the selection of., the' team to represent tee brigade at the forth coming Duuedih demonstration. (Signed) F. Day, C. ChO'wn, John Inglis, Jt. Adam, Lewis Wade, John Noonan, Edward Ford, J. Wise,. W- Cox, John Clydesdale, S. Mathews, and A. T. Thomp- ' son." After seme discussion, the selection of the team was. finally .derided, on, and. tee meeting, which was' tether a warm one, then broke up. A sale of gifts in connection with the Lydiard street Wcsleyan Dmcas Society was Opened last night in the lecture-hall in Dana street, and was largely patronised, over 250 persons having at tended during the evening. " The articles ex posed for sale were either made or contributed fay the ladies composing the society, and were tastefully displayed on the stalls, which were presided over by the.foIlowinL . — Mesdames Pate- tan, J. Little, Kelly, ano Shearing ; Misses Sanderson, Dimsey, and Phillips. The proceed ings were rendered additionally pleasing by a musical programme being -gone through, the fol lowing amateurs taking part ; — Misses Glasson (2) and Parker, Mrs (Jren ; and Messrs Uren, Morgan, and Lcssells. Miss Shearing presided at -the piano. . The sale will he continued to-night. Mr Gannt, P.M., occupied the bench at tee City Police Court yesterday, and discharged Neil M'Leod, who was charged with being a vagrant. A meeting of tee concert committee, in connec tion with the Ballarat District. Sunday-school Union, was held on Monday evening, when a deputation from the Ladies' Clothing Society- was introduced,- and ' requested the committee to postpone their concert, announced for the l7(faof this month, in consequence of tee one in aid of the society having been fixed for tee same day. The chief. reason urged was that Mr Robson, who had undertaken the musical arrangements, would be unable to remain in 'Ballarat after the 17th. The Sunday -fschool Union met -last, night and con sidered the matter, and it was unanimously derided to postpone the concert until Friday, the 8th De cember. We have received .a copy of Messrs Gordon and Gorch's useful A.B.Q- -Railway and Road Gnide for the monlh pf November. ; - -7 Tuesday, tee 7th -instant, has been .fired as the \- day of iiominati&D; for the ' vacancy in tee School Board of Adrice for the north riding of Bnnin- yongshire. The place iff nomination is the -Bnnin- yongshire HalL A vocal and dramatic entertainment will be given in -tee Mechanics' Institute next Monday evening to obtain fnnda to send a team from the City Fire Brigade .to the New Zealand Fire- Brigades' Demonstration. It will be seen by the advertisement elsewhere teat a great combination of amateur talent has been formed for tbe purpose of making this entertainment a marked success. A criCket match was played on Monday after noon, between tee Liverpool and Hit or Miss' Cricket Clnfas; which resulted in an easy -victory for tee latter. The scores were as follows: — Liverpool first innings 28, secondinrrfngsri6— total, 39 ; Hit or Miss first innings 75, tens winning by 26 runs, and one innings to spare.4 Messrs M'Gavan and Son's letter pan only appear' in4 tnir svertising columns. It would be bad taste on our part to insert the letter of 44 A Citizen of Eighteen . years' Standing," , and' " Amateur and, -therefore, they are declined with thanks. The concert to be given by the .District Sunday-! school .Union , has been ' postponed . to . the 8th. December; soasnot to clash with tee entertain ment, which Air Robson' will give on the l7th November in aid of the Ladies" Clothing Society. . The annivoaary of tee Primitive ..Methodist Sat>bath-scbori,-Humffray street, will be celebrated : next Sunday, : when Mr Hosken, tee. -town mis sionary, will preach in the morning, ond tbe Rev. -T. Copjiand in the afternoon and evening. A tea meeting will be held on the following evening. Are turn was on Tnesday evening presented to the AssamblyTshowing that daring tee year' 1875 there hadfaCen issued 172. fraud aumffaonses ont of tho Supremo -Court.: There were ten orders made for imprisonment; for periods ranging from a week to six months, tee amounts sued for being from £6 to £141.J ' Attached also were particulars of the fraud summonses issued -during Ihe same period by magistrates in all part of the colony. ... , If'willbeseeqbyAn advertisement which apjjeyra elsewhere that Messrs Adair - and Go.,, of. .the -Bridge : House;' have set a good exampie to their brother drapers by announcing that no goods wiil in future be exposed outside their " Windows iand doorway for sale. The reason they assigu fbr)this steptis that more loss than profit accrues from'ex- Fbsure.-towiDgto theinjmy which, is MonAto the goods By rinst and -other tronhles of A" kindred description! t tWe have. retmved.. an elaborate railway time table and coach guide from Mr Wilkins, landlord of Craig's hotel. We have also received Mr Lrt'ter'e usual card of tbe same -kind- for the mohth of. November."' ' ! Wereireeirei a .a>py!,pf the ".Temperance Year Book" for 1877. It contains a nnmber '6f ifikctch, ffluatrative of tbe evils oE- intempierahce, together with the usual stock -of information found in such publications. - -.:v."ai- On Tnraday eYenmg (iiffe the eedong Adter- riser) a very .canning triek fas obtain a free parage in the train to Ballarat was attempted -fay-- an Italian. "Unobserved he "crept into a secobd-clasK carriage, oafl 'ried ! to ' hide under 'one uf the seats. J uft, hetjwe, the train started he was discovered, and oh a'demand being made by one of the poithrs for hidwtesfce pretended to faeifiriiiikahd could not find the necessary pasteboard- passport. With out much cgremony he was bandied oat of. tee homage, and carrying the tritk further he thref M CraocBn Ordered ojm off, and wiien tm tlie vard the Italian rsn a waYvtloag Katiway terrace. . A meeting of the . Saiidridge Rational Reform League was held (says the Ays) in tee Temper- anqe Htdl, ou Tuesday night, to elect a president in tee place of Mr T. - D.- Burroughs, resigned. The vice-president, Mr F. Codett, was elected to thgjjjararoy. -«id"Mr M.Tifokard was.deadvitp Mr Tucker on Tuesday evening. in tee Assem bly, caBed ; attention (say the Aye) to -tee system of State life assurance which nrevaii in -Now Zcalan8, aji4 showed that the woriring-of thc plfe there lid been -moat ' uccesf ul, the .sma ®M«ady : secured fay tee policiea issued under the ct , amounting to more than £2,009,000 sterling, Hepointedrat > the. advantages ihat accrued fnhri such air -arrangement, more especially as regairdi rivil servantSjtwho were compelled to effect in- abranees upon their lives. Tfae Premier admitted the.advjsahiUty of. inducing employes of the State" to make somfa provision during their fennre iff ; office "tor ftose depepdent upon, them, and stated not go to the cxtit figured, for tlie member for Collingwood making the 'sy stem general, as he if 'WouldJe interfcrit with (ordinary raei< cantue transactions. . William Armstrong,- UioAnnaiib who escaped : from tee Kew Asylum on Siturday last; and who was supposed to have jumped into tee Yarra, -was re-arrested by the pollce on Tuesday. 1 ' _ The tpial amount (says tee Ays)- received from ;tee, Hospital Sunday snovement .np to date is ! £3382 2s. A large number of return have not ;yet come to hand, and a -complete list will not be -ready fm tome tene! .: I 'f- >" | ibL reply to an gnquiiy fonm : Walhalla (says tee Grppsitnul Ziusss), Dr Macartney has announced itos « fixed resdlveto. stand for South -Gippsland, Satisfactoiy account (rays the Argus) continue to be received respetaing the progress bring made' fay Master J. Erase, tee young .murician, who wbb »»» ««9. to f toWK jieSer. tee imt mastera, fHeuatiU; at the High-school, BeritoTwhicb H is the director; bnt the raster uef 0 mora eternally studying is Herr R»r „ T Wn! « tote sprite of him in ternis of bLh '"1- They Heir Joachim affirming that he is » v? codati|m, His violin playing attracts muc! at-raasiS ever he performs in private sroietv ? S vbea' yet permitted to appear in n mail Mr J. Hera, thThon. "tt Jnly fimd, forwarded to Berlin a summ e vide for the lad for another year Clent pro- The curator of the estates of'decea«.a (says tee Telegraph ) has obtainj!? Supreme Court, in its probate jurEdicfen i11 minister tee estates of the follniin , to Bd" persons Jane Ridley, Ballarat decc«4 £« 10s 9d; Patrick NeenanTBrort Sinf?em'!er' ber, £346 18s 3d. ' rt' 2itJl Septem! Referring to the consideration of the m;„- Private Property BUI in tee « on Tuesday, the Aye says — 44 Mr Rq. Council by way of indudng the CouncU to acrent ti sure, made a most extraordinary staS„, P64' fog how utterly valueless the mtt - L baT' eyes of the Government itself, and hov m "l 6 tee interests of the land-ownin- cla s !a measure has been conceived. In e-nl« provisions of tee bill, he said the whoYe 'ls-'fr !,he measure was contained in the third cknt. V ? gave the Governor power to grant leases m m or unoer private lands. He went on tn < 4 The remaining provisions of the bill apv i to be altogether against the miners : -Sml they do, conditions and difficulties which . must comply with before thev can get mi. fJ to mine on undSr tee third clause' ril elaborately ranged these difficulties in formiAh," array, and concluded by saying that if Una -tors ever expected to get a bill as favora'ck 2 Z land-owner again tbey were mistaken, lie did c„t think so. A majority of hon. members apS to . agree with him for the second rea-.£ «1 passed without much discussion." The foUowing telegram from Beechworth »„ peared in yesterday's Argvs:-" A man nJL' Charles Stroehle, a German, a carpenter andS contractor, was drowned in one -of the Spring Creek on Monday, within the borourt Ik was last seen all right about ten u'clo.k inffi! morning. His clothes were found on the -lantrf the dam, neatly arranged, like those of aa o.-.w bather. The police and some civil, ans eonstracii a raft, and have been dragging tlie dam. bnt the body has not yet been found. During the own? tion the man's wife, quite a young woma. p cared with a baby in her arms, and created » painful scene. Wilson's Globe hotel, at Stawell. was dest'oved fay fire, on Tuesday morning, at two o'clock, ihe catastrophe was caused by a child setting fee to a curtain. The Cauuum correspondent of the Horsham Times says 44 Many selectors are moving down to tee Western district with their cattle. No less than eix teams of working bullocks, and' nesiiv 200 head of cattle wiR leave this district about the beginning of the coming week; their destination will be Hamilton or Belfast. Selectors about bete are going to petition the Government to allow them twelve months' grace for the pavment of their rents. The meeting is to take place next month." The unexpired lease of the Roval Princess Theatre, Sandhurst, for a period of forty-nine years, was piit up for sale by public auction'fsajs "the Age) on Tuesday, and knocked down to Mr James Clough for the sum of £1750. 