Sl'IlMTi; AMSM. the ICditor of the l>cn<ii<n> Advertiser.) "Olympiiti b.K'dn whose .torn; \Vui ' clear ia-.::iV h -lu-.v : Always iimi inm wr.-ivj. Ami always I:, . p 111:»t : > " Sir, -This is I lie eriii.lliut iuetitiiblc i it o of my friend tin: " Sluiicntnii-l I coutil weep my eves inn, look you, at Lbu- spectacle-but it would be t>( no nvail. Truly, sir, spiritism is an extensive labyrinth, into which, once entered, you may ramble abciuL for ages, without ever being able to (in.I your way out into the pure light of tlav n'jaiu. The " Student," sir, declines to reply to tin: mass of stinging but justifiable remarks, contained in my last letter, from the simple fact that he cannot, and all the world knows that lie cannot, anil no one ever expected that he would. In his last letter, thu '. .Student" says that 1 have not, so far, dealt with the coming into a locked-up room of u solid object in a serious spirit ; nor have I attempted, he says, otherwise than by a joke about a " llsg stoue" having done it, to account for it. Now, sir, is it not joking lie is when he tells us that " an iutelligeot being, whom we call a spirit, declared he brought it ?" Is it not joking lit is v.-licu he tells us that «. caulitlowur can come through a solid stone wall ? He goes tin to nay -" I must again bring hiui back to common sense, and politely request him to reply to my ltitter about ' that cauliflower' ill a rational man ner." But, sir, why should 1 make use of common sense, which is a tiling he lias not (jot V Shall com mon sense be all on my side and none at all on his ? 1 repent, " if L assert that a. certain tlagstono biought it," and should he doubt or deny this, I very politely refer him to his own words, in bis letter of 5th July-"the utter folly ot any nuiu assuming, first, that his experience is the mea sure ami limit of all experience anil, secondly (should lie attempt to impose conditions to tost the accuracy of my statement;," that any set of phenomena shall occur under any set of condi tions he may think proper to prescribe." Thus, sir, I wrap him up in bis own web, like the spider does a Uy, and demolish liiin unite; for there is 110 help lor him, and there can be 110110. But now, sir, suppose L ({rant that the cauli tlower came into tlio room, and also, that I cannot account for its coming there. What follows? Is this proof that a spirit brought it '/ 1 think not, ami people generally think not. If I cannot trace any given event to its true natural cause, am 1 to infer, as thu Indians did ill the case of the watch, that a .'.spirit " is the cause ? This woultl be equivalent to saying rthat is the cause wo do not know-, therefore, we know it is a spirit. Sir, whatever spiritualists may do, philosophers do not arrive at conclu sions in this sort of way. They wait patiently until tlicy can materially, uot spiritually, discern thu true and natural cause. Sir, I was anxious first to obtain from the '. Student" a "definition" of a spirit, and then to con sider the facts recapitulated iu his letter of July I-ith, for my benefit-save the mark ! but as lie cannot give a " definition," not being sulliciently well acquainted with the spirits I suppose, I will now address myself to the above named facts. Well then, ho .lays: - 1. "That now famous vegetable was brought into a locked-up room from a house, some three-quarters of a mile distant, by hoiug one." 2 " Mrs. 1*. was stripped by two ladies half an hour before she left for the circle, one of them being a member of the circle and the owner of the caulillowor." ?Mark you, sir, this implies that the third lady warf not a " member" of the circle. 3. lie says: -"The out-of-the-way thing brought-and that too from A private house to which none of them (the visitors) had been- will go a long way to their complete exoneration." Mark again, sir, this implies that the third lady was not a .' visitor," for she had been to the house, lie says-4. "If, theretore, and we must cither be lieve them or believe that some respectable member of the circle was base enough to commit gross perjury, 110 one, ' visitor" or ' member,' iu or out of the circle, brought the caulillower, by what means was it brought?" 1'Yom this position of alfairs, sir, who does not see that the " third lady," who was not a " visitor" and who was not a " member" of the circle, brought the caulillower and threw it into the room, a thing which could be done easily enough when the room was in darkness, or at least very imicli darkened, :uid that too without the slightest cl'.auce of detection. But, it may be ur^ed, the room was looked up. Well, mid so it might be, utid this l:idy, from prior arrangement, might have, if not the key, a key, which would unlock the door. So you see, .\Ir. " Student," it is uo dillicult thing after all to account for "that cauliflower" coming into the room in a rational, and not in a spiritual or irrational, manner. Uut, if spirits can really run away with cauliflowers, we are not safe night or day from their depredations and outrages. Who will say that all the ott'enccs committed against society, and which our police cannot (race to real offenders, are not committed by these infer nal agents? And now, sir, if we, as the " Student" appears to do, divide matter into two kinds-namely, gross or coarse matter, and sub limated or etherealized uiattor, and then say that a spirit is ethereaii/ed matter, then it seems to me that a "spirit" is a mere '. Will-o'-the-wisp," which we know have been dangerous things in all ages and in most countries. Emerson says;-"The Will-o'-the-wisp vanishes if you go too near, vanishes if you go too far, and only blazes a: one angle." Hence they cannot always be seen, nor can you always get at them; so is it with spirits. However this may be, since the "Student" cannot give us a proper definition of the term " spirit," we may say of him that He believes in this, he knows not what; He helievej in that, he knows not why; In pilfering ghosts, a mu:ky lot While such bulicf ta "all my eye." Yours respectfully, E.LI.CG. P.S.-Sir,-I should be ashamed to be found acting, as that very aueieot " spiritualist," whom the " Student" quotes, or rather misquotes, is found aayiuj;-'. Bein^ crafty (^as spiritualists usually are), I caught you with yuile " 10.HCG. 