FUNERAL SERMONS. CLAYTON CHDBCH, KKNEINQTON. The announcement that the Rev. F. W. Cox ?would on Sunday evening preach a funeral 8ennen in this church-which was once presided over by the deceased- caused a very large con gregation to assemble, every seat fat the building being occupied. The rev. gentleman preached from the words (Romans xiv. and part of 8th verse), " Whether we live therefore or die we are the Lord's." He spoke of the twofold term " living" and " dead as intended to intensify the thought of the divine lordship, that Christians most be so completely Christ's through both worlds as to leave no room for any other lord ship, whether of man over man, or of churoh over church. He next dwelt in eloquent terms upon the real harmony subsisting between life and death-two apparently irreconcilable extremes, perfectly harmonized by the life and death of Christ. After speaking at length on this point the preacher referred more especially to the death of Mr. Hare us, and said-And now, brethren, the call of death has come to us once more. One who has been so near to yoa, as a Church jand congregation, and who has stood so often in this place and spoken the word of eternal life, has now passed from amongst us. Yesterday we stood at his open grave, committing those lifeless remains to their kindred duet; but he who had stood here and spoken holy words to you, who has led your devotions heavenward, who has stood at your bedsides in sickness, who has knelt with you an prayer so often, has passed away. Ah, my brethren, many of you can remember the in stances in which the consolations of the GoBpel have been brought home to your hearts by him by those wise and guiding counsels impressed upen your minds by that voice so lately audible among us, but now silent for ever. His voice shall be heard no more. Oh! I would say to those who have heard his voioe so often in this place-Remember the words of one who had the rule over you, and who spoke onto you the words of eternal life. Recall those utterances as if it were a voice from the grave which spoke to you. Some of you have lost one so near to you by the tenderest tie that can bind hearts together Some of you in this place have lost a wise and a loving father, who has often led you to a throne of grace. At the family altar he has taught you to bow the knee and lift up your hearts to your Father in heaven; he has often striven to guide yoa with wise and loving counsels, and to train your youth in the path in which you should go in the ways of wisdom and righteousness and truth. And he has now gone ; never more in this life shall you listen to his words. But your Heavenly Father still lives. Jesus the Saviour still is listening to your voice, and Qe is the same yesterday, to-day, and for ever-the same in His mighty power, the same in his loving care for you, now that you have loBt your guide and protector and friend, as well as your father. Oh, make tte Lord your care for life and for death. And society, too, has lost a prominent member and a valued citizen-one whose post in his special department of labour will not be easily 'filled. I say this without hesitation, remember ing as I do the varied capacity and the ready facility that he possessed for that work to which he was called. With respeot to myself, I may say I have lost an old friend, known by me long before the arrival of either of us in this land ; but a friend with whom my intercourse has been interrupted of late yeats from the faot that our oourees in professional life have not run together -have not run in the Bame line as they once did. And we have both in our respective walks been too busy to see much of each other, as we had done in days that were gone by. As to the cause for that divergence bear with me just for one word. I did not agree with my brother that our paths should so diverge, and I faithfully told him of my disagreement. But at the same time not a particle of my respeot or esteem for him was then lost; for I, brethren, have no idea of what is called in ecclesiastical circles " the indelibility of orders." 1 have not the slightest idea of such a thing; and I have known many retain the position of ministers to whom I should have said, " It would be a happy release for yourself and the Church if you could find some other way of getting an honest living; both you and society would be the better for the change." Nor do I for one moment think that a man may not as usefully and acceptably serve Lis Lord and Master in secular life as in the ministry of the Gospel, if satisfied in his own conscience upon the point or if forced by circumstances to take such a step. I admit also this-that the profession into which my brother was led is among the very highest and the very noblest which a man can follow-when the '.profession and the carrying oat of the duty in oonneetfon with it are governed by high principle-that high principle, by whiohI mean the costinual recognition of Christ1* lordship over the editorial pen w veil as the tongue of the preacher - to guide that pen into the upholding of whatsoever things are true, whatsoever things are honest, whatsoever things aro just, are pore, lawful, and of good report-in all those matters whioh come within the scope of current journalism. And if that calling lun its special perils so have all callings, and I suppose each one in his own calling knows its penis better than those who are outside. Every calling, whether sacred or secular, has its special penis, and every heart that is subject to them feels them most intensely. Bat if there be those special perils then I say there is the more need that men of the strongest moral fibre should be found to fill in secular life the posts of special danger. I believe that poet was filled by our deceased brother with honour to himself and with advantage to the whole community. I rejoice in the fact that in this land there has been no separation between the exercise of the Christian ministry and the secular Press around us; that we stand in what I might call an enviable posi tion among the colonies of Australasia in this respect; that there has been perfect harmony between the secular Press and the highest forms of Christian life and activity around us; and I have no doubt that our brother has con tributed his full share of powerful influenoe to mniTitMn that beautiful harmony that we now see existing, and whioh I pray God may never in the subsequent history of this land be broken. But his voice is now silent; his pen is stOL We yesterday committed his remains to kindred dust, to rest there in silence until the thunders of the Judgment shall awaken the sleeping nations, and the dead shall arise to immortality. The preacher concluded with an appropriate re ference to the uncertainty of life, the folly of men "who think all men mortal but them selves," and the true happiness and future reward of those who live a faithful and useful Christian life. STOW CHUBCH. At the morning service the Bev. W. Boby Fletcher, M.A., made special reference to the sad events of the week. He chose as his text the words-"Jesus Christ, who hath abolished death and hath brought life and immortality to light through the Gospel''-2 Timothy, i. 10. In the course of an earnest and impressive discourse Mr. Fletcher said he little thought when he committed himself to a course of Sunday evening sermons on the nature and destiny of the human soul that events would give such practical meaning to his werds. Reason and intellect might yield to a strange fasoioatioa for the themee that hung around the mystery of death, and might indulge in speculation, or in reverence might learn the great lesson that we could only go a very little way on the mystic pathway that led to the unknown yet brilliant future; bat when real sorrow came over us, or actual events caused us to confront the terrible fact of life's uncertainty, then reason gave way to emotion, and the logic of the heart was felt ' to be more keen and more comforting than the cold logic of intellect. Like the psalmist they were compelled to say, "I was dumb, I opened not my mouth because the Lord did it." Since last they met in that sanctuary they had been called to commit to the «grave the earthly remains of one of the oldest members of that church, and the widow of one of its founders the late Mr. Wm. Giles. In a ripe age she passed away, having fulfilled her coarse on earth, but BO suddenly that none of her friends knew that her hour was so near. That day,too, in the city of Melbourne, the church under the pastoral care of the late Bev. A. M. Henderson was called to do the duty of commemorating his departure. Though belonging to another colony, he had his place In the history of Stow Church, for when their reverence for the name of the late Mr. Stow had caused them to erect that sanctuary to his memory, they asked him to come over from Victoria on the occasion of the opening services. He went away from his field of labour in poor health, in the hopes that a rest from toil and the pleasing incitements of travel might restore him to vigour,but it was not to be. The telegraph had borne across the world the news that, far away from home and friends, in Toronto, in Canada, he passed to the other world. How he died or who was with him was not yet known, for only the bare hard fact had come to our knowledge. Bat this colony had been called upon to pass through what they must call a public bereavement in the sudden and unexpected death of one of the leaders of its common life. No man was better known in Adelaide than him whom they must that day call " the late" Mr. Harcus, and no man's departure from us could cause a gap more keenly felt or more difficult to fill. Though not favoured with a long acquain tance with him, yet what he did know of him led him to deem him a personal friend, and what he had seen and heard of his work had induced him to esteem him highly for the work's sake. In our day, and especially in a young land like this, no man coula over-estimate the importance of the Press in moulding opinion, in I checking false sentiment, in unmasking social shams, and in guiding the oommonweaith of the nation. Mr. Harcus felt the truth of this, and obeying his cause, devoted himself to this modern mode of uttering the convictions that stirred within him. He did his duty wisely and welL He preached with his pen against all that he deemed hostile to the political and social progress of the colony. He feared no foe in the discharge of his duty, and in the high consciousness of what he deemed right, felt, as he personally knew, the burden of his caking as a sacred thing. He was not there to defend or to call in question the course which he pursued in politics, but he did wish to utter his protest against the idea that because a man was called of God to the ministry of the Gospel that therefore he was to cease to feel, to speak, and to act in the grand drama of the nation's work. Because a man was a minister was he any less a man and a citizen- He did not argue for a race of political clergymen, for unless under peculiar circum stances, one called of God to the holy duties of the pastorate, felt that that work was enough for any man's heart and brain and energy; but he did think that in all questions of public morality, in all political struggles in whioh the ethical parity of the national cause was Involved, that the preacher of the Gospel had no right to be silent. Because he was a student of the Bible, because be was a man of prayer, because he was fired with a holy ardour of Christian patriotism, he was called to exercise as wide an influence as he could command. Like the prophets of olden times, he must take up the burdens that be to hand and bear them bravely. The most fervent piety was the parent of the purest patriotism, as all history would prove. It was the love of God that inspired the political orations of Isaiah and Jeremiah, and it was the same love in the days of his boyhood that banded together 700 ministers to work a repeal of the iniquitous cars laws of England. But it was rather the fact that he who was so recently among them, bearing the heat and burden of the day, Lad been suddenly called away, that impressed them all, than any other thought that enchained them that day. He was gone, and that was enough gone to his Maker, his Saviour, hia Friend, and bis Judge. In the grave at Clayton they left his ashes; and of his spirit they said " God accept him, Christ receive him." Death was a solemn thing, but the Bible enabled them to see light amid the darkness. Were they weeping over the dead? Was sorrow in their hearts as they thought of son, or daughter, or husband, or wife, or parent, a9 gone from them, leaving a vacant seat at their table, a vacant place in their memory ? He found no fault with their tears and their sorrow, for Jesus wept; but with the book of Christ in his hand he would say, as Jesus did to the widow of Naln, " Weep not." Death was but the gateway to life. Blessed, not lost, were the dead whioh die in the Lord. Were they alarmed as the idea came over them that they too must die, and at the dread of sudden death ? He did not wonder at it, for there were times when one felt like a soldier under fire who saw his comrades on either hand falling victims to the iron hail of the musketry. Were they tempted to drown the ugly thought in oblivion, in business, in pleasure, or in stoical submission ? Was that wise ? Was it not better to see in the mystery a joy in the thought that their intelligence and being were not bound by the grave, bat extended beyond. Would they not be happier and feel stronger against the world, the flesh, and the devil if they were oertain of that ? He invited them in the midst of the fear that naturally hung around the community just now to give their whole hearts unto the blessed Christ. If any had backslidden He would take them to His arms again. If they had never loved Him they Bbould seek Him without delay, for Christ waB the only one who could give them any light upon the great mystery of eternity. CHAUCEBS CHUBCH, NOBTH-TEEHA.CE. The Bev. Professor DavidBon, on commencing a very able discourse upon the 15th chapter of i the 1st Epistle of St. Paul to the Corinthians, at the evening service of the above place of worship, briefly alluded to the death of Mr. Harcus. He 1 said he had discovered that ke had been expected to make special reference to a subject lying very near to the hearts of many of his congregation. He bad not intended to make any special allu tion to the sad event, and would not have done so but for the fact of a very strange coincidence-a coincidence well worth remembering. On that day, ten weeks back, the pulpit in which he then stood was occupied by him whose death they now mourned. At the morning service Mr. Harous selected for his text the two opening yerses of the chapter upon i which he (Professor Dnidm) was About to deliver & disoourse, and at the evening servioe he selected for lib text the 14th verse of the 14th chapter of Job. It was from no busk of affec tion or esteem that he had considered it advisable to maintain silence upon the sad event of the past week, for of all men occupying pulpits in Adelaide no man was under a greater obligation to Mr. Harcus than he (Profenor Davidson). He had always found their deoeased friend uni formly kind, courteous, and obliging, and be special cause to remember the greeting which he had aooorded to him when he first came to Adelaide, On bis first landing in Adelaide be had heard Mr. Harctts preach, and bis text, as he remembered well, waa, *' I have plantar, Apolloe watered, but God gave the increase." Mr. Bar CUB had occupied a position surrounded by difficulties and requiring infinite tact; but he was always found faithful and joBt in the discharge of his obligations. The nh«riTftftr of bis life, so far as he (Professor Davidson) had been permitted to observe it, was as bad drawn forth the cordial admi ration of those who knew Mm best. It was strange indeed that just ten weeks ago Mr. Harcus would have preached in that pulpit upon the verses which they had heard read that evening-" Moreover, brethren, I declare onto jou the Oospel whioh I preached onto yon, which alse ye have received, and wherein ye 6tand; by whioh also ye are saved, if ye keep in memory what I preached unto you, unlets ye have believed in -vain." The evening text on the Sundayto which be had alluded was still more suggestive, and was taken from a chapter full of pathos-" If a man die, gWH he live again ? All the days of my appointed time will I wait till my change come." And now the change bad come, and doubtless by this time the preacher was fully informed of all the difficulties which belonged to the strange mystery which formed the subject-matter of the chapter before them PRESBYTERIAN CHUBCH, FXJHDEBS-STBEET. The Rev. J. Lyall delivered a most Impreaslve discourse on Sunday morning, fairing his text from the Epistle to the Bomans xiv. 17-" For the kingdom of God is not meat and drink, but righteousness and peace and joy in theHsly Ghost." The rev. gentleman urged that the various dogmas and doctrines were subordinate to the true spirit of religion. In his concluding remarks be alluded to the lamentable bereave ment which not only the community but the newspaper press of the colony had lately sustained in the demise of the late Mr. Harous. He said: " Let us remember that the time is short, and that our opportunities for glorifying God in this world are twinge rapidly abridged* How impres eively this consideration has been set before us of late in the^ sudden removal of several of our pro minent citizens. Yesterday some of us assisted in showing the last tokens of respect to one held in high estimation, and who wielded a powerful influence in this community, who has in the course of a few short days been laid prostrate by a fell disease. This is not the place to speak of his character or the value of his work; yet this I will say, that for the highly creditable way in which the newspaper Press of the province is conducted, and the respectful manner in which it treats of moral and religious questions, this community is greatly indebted to him and his compeers in that department of literature. It is something for which we cannot be too thankful to have a newspaper Press ever ready to expose abuses and defend the right." ST. PETEB'S COLLECT CHUBCH. On Sunday morning Canon Farr, at the close of his sermon, referred to the loss the comma, nity had sustained in the death of Mr. Harous, and said it had been a great pleasure to him and to his congregation to see Mr. Harcus at. their church-and at the communion-table with them. He looked upon his presence there as an indica tion that the lines that separated different bodies of Christians were drawing nearer together, and that there was hope in time that they would be bridged over. He considered the work of a writer for the Press was one of special difficulty because it was anonymous, yet still every one knew or guessed in such a small community as this who was the author of artioles. Mr. Harcus was ever foremost in denouncing corruption and in assisting to promote everything that was good, and even in his last hours there was still tbe one prevailing thought in his mind, viz., how to do good, and how to best serve the interests of suffering humanity, when God called him to his rat. GLENELQ COHGBEG ATIONAL CHTJBCH. On Sunday evening the Rev. C. Maathorpe preached from Deut. xxxii. 29, on man's forget fulness of his end, and the wisdom of consider ing and preparing for it. In concluding his sermon he said the subject should be specially suitable to those present. Death had daring the past few days been busy among them as a congregation, and now one who had often preached in the place in which he stood, the man, the oitisen, the father, had been taken away. Only a week or two ago he had seen his friend and brother, Mr. Harous, who seemed so strong and well, and now, life's meridian just passed, he was called away. Let them seek by holy living to be prepared for holy c^ing; then though throagh fell disease they could give no dying testimony, they would leave behind them a memory which like that of the just would be blessed. PIBIE-3TBEET CHUBOH. At the morning service the Rev. S. Knight alluded to the death of Mr. Harcus in the fol lowing terms:-"During the past week the city has been bereaved of one who was long known among its citizens as a leader of public opinion. On Friday week he looked in hi" nmul health, though somewnat sombre. On Sunday we h^ard Mr. Harcus is ill; Monday, Mr. Harcus Is worse; Tuesday and Wednesday, sinking; and on Thursday, Mr. Harcus is dead-dead in the midst of his days, with every natural gift matured for public usefulness, speaking through an organ increasing every day in circulation and influence. Ever friendly to the religious interests of the colony, he had obtained a status which gave boldness to all his utterances, and we hoped to see him step forth from his chamber strengthened in the higher which comes of sanctified suffering; but he is taken away, and Christianity in South Australia has lost a friend-one who never penned a line inimical to its interests, who nobly helped to give to the Press of this colony its unexception able tone, who never dealt in Inuendo (more dangerous than fiat denial), and never Bought to violate the sanctities of moral law by breaking down reverence for the Sabbath day. The Press of South Australia owes much to suoh men, and the community owes much to suoh a Press. Whatever signs of political animnn we may find in our journals, we cannot complain of denomi national prejudice or injustice to what is gidly and pure. Temperance, morality, religion, and order find equal championship, and if not as podtive on all subjects as some would like, they are not adverse and unfriendly. To such men as the late Mr. Harcus we owe it that the news papers of South Australia are free from that vicious ^interference with conscientious scruples that characterises some organs ef our neighbours. Some of us may deplore the fact that gifted ministers forsake the most sacred ana un worldly of callings for any secular pursuits, but we have known communities afflicted with such a partisan Press, so insidious and baneful as to justify the separation of the ablest pastors from their holy office te save the national convictions from being undermined by scepticism and irreverence for what is godly and religious. Let UB freely own our debt to Mr. Harous; and while we may not indulge in panegyric of his talents or his social qualities; where the cause of religion and morality receives service, let the Christian societies freely acknowledge the debt, and pay willing tribute to those who work for God and humanity in any sphere. We have prayed for the comfort of those bereaved of theirTtenderest earthly friend. Let us commend them to the loving-kindness of God, and the kindly offices of sympathising friends, who will stand in the place of God as far as earthly friendship can solace them. In the evening the Rev. H. T. Burgess said " One event which transpired during the past week I oannot dismiss with a mere passing allusion. I refer to the loss which the city has sustained in the death of Mr. W. Harcus. The position which Mr. Harcus occupied as editor of a daily paper rendered him a prominent and infiuentild member of the community, and one whose loss will be deeply deplored. The im portance of his position can scarcely be over rated, for public character is swayed for good or evil to a large extent by the current literature whioh prevails in its midst. It is not only modi fied by the direct and formal utterances of those who guide public opinion, but by the general tone whioh is adopted. It is matter for thankfulness that the conduct of the secular Press of this city has been for many years in the hands of those who have employed it in the inte rests of religion and morality. In this respect it compares most favourably both with some of the other colonies and with many other parts of the world. No one can tell how much of Sabbath desecration, open immorality, and avowed disregard of saored things has bBen pre vented by the attitude of the leading news papers towards these subjects. Atheistic litera ture and immoral newspapers in other countries have vitiated the moral atmosphere and poisoned their social life. Perhaps as a people we have not much to boast of, but we have no doubt been spared much humiliation. I gladly embrace the opportunity of expressing my oon vietion that the cause of religion owes much, not only to the absence of any hostile spirit on the part of the daily journals, but to the fact that the principles of truth and righteousness, purity and virtue, usually noon bent them (h?»arfal support. Among thoee who have endeavoured to imbue aodety with a healthy moral tone, the late Mr. Harcus occupied an honoured ana honourable position. Of his qeoeml character I need say bat little. It will be sketched else where by other and abler hands, but I may say that thoee who knew him most intimately were tboee who valued him most highly. His strict adherence to what he believed to be the truth, his fearlessness in exposing abuses, his un blemished integrity, and his boldness in advo cating what he deemed to be right, are traits which wfll long be remembered." St. ASDBEWS Chubch. The Bev. J. Henderson preaohed in the morning from the words-"Bis eye was not dim, nor his natural foroe abated."-Deut. ririF. 7. At the end of his eenmm the rev. gentleman said-These reflections have, in part, been suggested by the sudden removal of one who for a lorn; period held honourable relations to the social, political, and religious institutions of thla city and province. The death of Mr. Harcus comes upon ns with a more arresting power, not only from the cir cumstance that it was sudden, or that he has been called away in the midst of his usefulness, with his physical and mental powers in the full maturity of their strength; bat that it seems to add one more to the many evidences we have recently had of a specialty of lesson a directness of Divine appeal to us as a commu nity and peeple. Recall to mind the bereave ments we have recently sustained. Have they not been of men holding prominent poef. tions, and whose presence amoBg us_ seemed almost Indispensable to our well- being and progress? Our leading men are being smitten. Men whose names and influence seemed inter woven with all our interests are being re moved. The body-politic is being smitten where it is most sensitive, and so smitten that the remotest nerve pulsates to the strobe. Death selects the high places among us. Is it that he may have a wider range of spectators, and that his terrible work may be more fully observed and more deeply pondered? But if props and pillars thus fail, is it not that we may look to the foundations ? If the streams are dried, is it not that we may approach the fountain ever fresh and ever full :If in these things we hear impressively the voice-" Cease ye from man, whose breath is in his nostrils," is it not that with reverence and docility of mind we receive the instructions of " Him who inhabiteth eternity and its praises, whose name Is holy METHODIST Ntw Conukxion Causes. At this place of worship the Bev. M. J. Birke said:-" I shall ask the members of the congre gation to depart for a few moments from the usual form of service. Before delivering the sermon prepared for this evening, I would call your attention to the great loss sustained by thin city in the death of Mr. W. Harcus, J.P. We are constantly reminded of the ravages of death, and those filling positions of high responsibility and trust are called away as well as those walk ing in humbler sphereB of life. Unfortunately for me, having only been in the colony for a short period, it was not my pleasure to be inti« mately acquainted with Mr. Harcus. In fact, I never spoke to him, but the mere seeing of him impressed me favourably. I do not know that the death of a comparative - stranger ever pro duced sash an effect upon my mind. Bver since his death my thoughts have frequently turned to the loss this city has been called to sustain, and I think it only fitting that we should pay a tribute of respect to one so highly esteemed, and justly esteemed. We think of the departed one as a man of moral worth as well as of intel lectual ability. The Christian Church has lost one of its pulpit ornaments, as the Press has lost one of its trusted and trustworthy Editors. His manly bearing, and his beaming, open, cheerful countenance will be sadly missed from our ranks. May God raise up many worthy successors! God buries His workmen, but carries on His work. The veil of inscrutable mystery often falls before us; still we are confi dent that He doeth all things well. In these matters we cannot fathom the depth of the Divine proceedings, so that we must wait until a future state enlarges our vision and dispels jur ignorance. The work of the departed one on earth was finished, and he has gone to reap his reward and to perfect his being is. heaven." 