EABLY RISING'. [iNEW YORK .TI?IS.] WHY is itthat folks who like to do a thing are not content to do it, and leave others, unadvised, to aot.for theinselves? Why. should, they insist on putting everybody into their pint measure;,and condemning all who happen not to fll it 'exactly? This, peculiarity isi con spicuous in,socialdiabits, in the routine of every-day!life. The man who con fines himself to- two: meals in twenty fiuhr hours imagines hoe has dause of grievance against the anin preferriing three or four meals. The woman who enjoys sooiety and travel feels.uncharit able :toward the entirely stay-at- home body. 'In nothing is this trait more observ able than in gettig up in' the. morning, about ' which, people, differ 'so, very widely. They 'whochoose to lie late are amiable enough toward' those who believro, from a' queer sense of lhospital ity,', that they ought to 'welcome the dawn;. that .the .1dawn would be dis tressed unless they should co-operate with it, and keep it, in countenance for its premature coming. But the early-risers are not so kindly tolerant. If not posi tively .inimical to the late lier,' they greatly disapprove of him, and are In clined to give him wholesome connsel agaihst his' habit, " Can any one tell why the more fact of being up at or before daylight yields to a man an assurance of mortal superiority? What specific and shining virtue is there in leaping outof bed and dressing one's-self in the dark? What crown of honor is conferred upon the follow who, unable to sleep in the morning, bounces up betimes to adver tise such incapacity? These be subtle questions, and their answers inhere in the mysterious root of things. But there can beno question that the habitu ally early riser conceives that the Ten Commaq;dments are conserved inhim, in addition to an ample system of eth!cs. When he appears at breakfast, he is very likely to ask those at table when they rose, feolgning ignorance on a point on which he takes particular pains to be informed. Having beeoon told that they rose at six, or seven, or eight o'clock, he invariably announces with great gusto, "Why I was up two hours before any of youl" Then he proceeds to patronize, in a very lofty mannor, the inferior mortals who are not ashamed to confTbs that they have no prejudiceo in favor of getting up In the middle of the night.,' Nor is he content to enjoy. this exaltedtriumph once, twice, thrice, or twenty times. Every morning he plumes himself anew, .'puts the: same question, and..each time adds to' his moral worth- and personal,!consequenee. 'What offence is there in, sleep, that to protract it in"the- morning' should: be visited upon us. so severely? 'Casuists have.informed us that .man is always sinning, except in sleep,. which should therefore be - ardently encouraged, whiether before or'after, dawn. Do the Seven Sleepers typify the.Seven Deadly Sins, or does the early riser, design to bamboozle our theology?. .- We suspect the latter; for he is an incomprehensible, whlolly, 'inconisistent person, 'who bbiivously, thinks that his matutiiial self elevation should :atone-, for any, and all other defects ,-whatsoever. ;It is not sleep, but sleepin the,niot'ning-towhicfh he is hostile, He ;s fdiido'f sayingthiat' we. cannot ,bein; bed,,too, long, beforei midnight, or too brieflyrafterdaybreak. And then there is some sortof iniquity appertainihg" to the'bed. ''' H himself Will frequently: get up,? at four or fve o'clock, and, after, dressing, descend to the library or sitting- room, throw him self On the"lounge, and be dozing in five ininutes.:' He does not feel' any shame for tljis,either, although at. breakfast he will :be ready, to hector, his sons or ,brothers-in-law, who-where at the same time inaudibly' asleep overhed; for, being ?rredeemableslhggards. It is noticeable that,the early, riser often compensates himself for.his greeting tp the, dawn by, 'freqient-napps between: that, hlour: and his regular `bed-tim. :- He' gets up, but dily tb lie down' again;, heis not pup for all day;,noris:.'there.neid of it, in his judgement, after he has perform ed the important:.duty. The whole matter, lies ,in this; it is good for persons'to rise early who want 'to db:so', or who have something to oc' 'cupy them, but they wh (Iave no necers sity, and enjoy, sleeping,, ought to be privileged to lie abed without discredit or condemnation. Thisis rank heresy 'we are aware,, but we, are- averse to .fanaticism even on 'this' time-honored subject. There are,virtues altogether independent of the. hour of getting up, and some nen' who have slept'late have gone to.'their graves with blameless records, and left large estates for their kindred to . quarrel over. ,To get up .merely fof* the sake of getting- up is not of necessity a saving grace, and vices might, be named-it is true they are deep and dark-which it will not expiate. Late sleepers have so, long been bullied and persecuted that they would seem,to have earned indulgence. The inexorable early riser should com passionate - them at last, and permit them to go-to-perdition,' if they will,, on downy beds of ease. Even if they be :resolved to ruish upon destfuction from hair:mattresses, let them rush,..whileho ,may seek absolution for non- interference by, getting up' for six months at two o'clock in the morning. :. It-is well not to be beguiled by, saws and counsels on the subject. Most of them had their"origin in a distant era, and under condition's totally- different from those now-existent. , Our.remote ancestors went, to, bed, early because there was nothing, else-to-do. Their descendants of'to-day '6 to bed late and get' up',..lte' for ,very much the sam reason. .,? Count ry folk, seek their pillow from .sheer fatigueht from; weariness, from want of mintal s'titimlant. City people avoid' tlihir pilliow,' for:at dar their recreation begins,' and-the joys o the night are poetic and manifold. Th latter half ofthe nineteenth: century i an age ofgas-light, as midnight suppers of nocturnal' ple?surs, qf turning nigh into day.- -, He'ho goes tob.edei?rl cannot see the realities or the ghosts o the time, and to rise, early, would sub ject hinim to a splendid isolati6n,'beside fitting him eore long for a sleep in th cemetery. 