Childhood of the World. PART II. XXXV.—MAN'S BELIEF IN A FUTURE LIFE. BY EDWARD CLODD, F.R.A.S. THE rude beliefs about spirits and dreams and the customs observed at burials show us that, however shapeless man's idea of another life may be, he has from the earliest times believed that the spirit or breath, the ghost (which comes from the same root as gust), departs to dwell elsewhere when the body is cold and still in death. The highest and lowest races of men have tried to form some notion of what that blessed state is like were happiness is given to the good, where friends " loved long since and lost awhile," will, with smiling angel-faces, welcome us; or what that dark state may be where misery and wanhope (despair) dwell. Man, in wondering what becomes of the spirit, has thought that it haunted the place where it once lived, or that it passed into some other body, perhaps into some other animal, and then into higher and higher forms, until it reached the dwelling-place of the gods. He has placed his heaven in some far-off Island of the Blest, or in some sunny land, Deep meadow'd, happy, fair with orchard lawn* And bowery hollow* crown'd with summer aea, or in the west where the sun sets, or in the sun, moon, and stare themselves. The pictures of it have been copied from the earth ; and all that he loves here, whether chaste or coarse, he hopes to have in larger measure there, even as he wishes to shut out from thence all that he dreads now. The best and brightest view of heaven is, leaving the rude idea of the savage far behind, to behold in every place on earth a fit spot whereon to kneel, to feel the sacredness of duty, and then we shall believe that all which we here know to be highest and noblest and best shall be ouxß in heaven, wherever that heaven may be. The thought that God's worlds an thus linked together is very beautifully touched upon in one of the old Persian sacred books. The soul of a good man is pictured as being met in the other world by a lovely maiden, " noble, with brilliant face, one of fifteen yean, as fair in her growth as the fairest creatures. Then to her speaks the soul of the pure man, asking,' What maiden art thou whom I have seen here as the fairest of maidens in body?' She answers, 'I am, O youth, thy good thoughts, words, and works, thy good law, the own law of thine own body. Thou hast made the pleasant yet pleasanter to me, the fair yet fairer.' " * And since all of us like to read hymns about heaven, here is one which I expect you hare never seen before. It was written thousands of years ago by some great-souled Aryan, and is fall of music that cannot die away :— Where there is eternal light, in the world where the sun is placed, in that immortal, imperishable, world, place me, 0 Soma ! Where king Vaivasvata reigns, where the secret place of heaven is, where these mighty waters are, there make me immortal! Where life is free, in the third heaven of heavens, where the worlds are radiant, there make me immortal J Where wishes and desires are, when the place of the bright sun is, when then is freedom and delight, then make me immortal t When then is happiness and delight, when joy and pleasure reside, when the desires of our desin an attained, then make me immortal I * The whole of this beautiful story is given by Mr. Tylor in hi* " Primitive Culture," voL ii. v. 90, a work to which I *m much indebted, and which should receive earefol attention from every thought/nl person. 