CitArrrnt XIV.-SPXTIAY. Nu omi tUslm-ljfd. Mic vest, ol' Clement (¿un.il, ami Um sim, wliieli came I ian lc willi Um morning, found him sleeping peacefully, with a case «»t" pistols hy his side. When ho woko up, and saw Iiis own preparations for condini, ho could not re frain from a hearty laugh-the daylight seemed to have reduced his adventure to snell" infinitesimal proportions. Ile opened his window, and looked out. A stray sheep was browsing on the little lawn within a jew feet of tho cottage, aud ho Avondered if the animal had been the intruder of last night, whose hurried breathing in the room had scared him from his self-command. Nothing more likely, if he had fastened tho door insecurely, or not at all, than that the Avind, always famous in the val ley for its freaks, had blown open tho door, and that the sheep, sturin- driA'en, had entered after wards for shelter, and thus surprised him ? Cross curre ii ts of air might have slammed the door lo again, and have shaken the dusk ott' the table, and ho had magnified the incidents of last night after his surfeit of ghost stories. ile went down stairs, and out of tho house, Avliere some foot-prints on a little ¿trip of garden mould, under tho window to the left of the door, suggested a mode of entrance into the premises, anti rendered him once more suspicious, ile stood examining those' for awhile. Ile had not seen them before-and some of the old doubts crept back to him. Ile returned to Matthew's study, examined his desk, and found nothing of importance therein, and only a shirt button in one of thö3e secret drawers which everybody knows how to open. There was nothing to take in the house, unless th« papers Avhich he had placed in his portman teau Avero Avortli taking, and they were probably of internst only to his brother. At all CA'ents, ho Avouhl not leave thom in tho cottage; and, as Iiis portmanteau contained a great deal of his ward robe, some curiosities from China Avhich he had not presented to his relatives, and a little nioiioy that he would rather not get rid ol' in rash haste, ho packed up again, locked tho door of tho cot tage, and set oiit with his portmanteau for his uncle's farm, lt was late when all t-.is Avas ac complished, and ho entered West Athorby like a pilgrim Avith his burilen, at a time when tho vil lage Avas streaming in its Sunday's best to church. Close upon his journey's end, ho encountered Mr. and Mrs. Grace, bound churclnvavds also, and he stopped to speak to them, AA'ith his portmanteau on hts shoulder. " What have you got there ?" asked his uncle. " This is not a lit sight for Sunday morning," said Mrs. Grace, in grave reproof. " It's only a little present for aunt from China," said Clement, in reply to his uncle's question. " Dear me, is it ?" said Mrs. Grace, suddenly alive to her own interest. " Mind you don't drop it, Clement." Clement proceeded upon his Avay, unabashed by the intense curiosity bestowed upon by him by the villagers AVIIOIU ho AA\IS passing, lie was AVÍth in the stops of the farmhouse gate, \A-hen Loni Coedstowu, marching to church Avith his chest squared and his head held very upright over a hard and indexible black stock, recognised him, and condescended to address him. "Good morning, Quail," he said; "are you leaving us at once", then ?" "No, my lord; I am carrying this to the farm, that's all. There's .something of my brother's in side it. I think it's the Ode.'" " God bless me !" ejaculated the Karl, looking after him. Clement was full of fancies that morning. Last night's excitement seemed to have restored to him his over-exuberant spirits, and rendered him defiant of the proprieties. We can scarcely account for his present state of feeling, unless it arose from thc fact that his Avas a strong and elastic nature, and he had always regarded the Avorld hopefully. All his dull thoughts concerning llosbie surely had vanished that"bright Sunday morning ; and ii ho had a doubt of her love, why, that had van ished also, in all probability. Or he might have been a little déliant of the Coedstowus, Avho had taken his llosbie and shut'her away from him. iendering it difficult to see and speak to her, as in the old days Avhen she AA'US her own mistress. His manner to the great people Avas certainly singular and discourteous ; and when Lord Pouniù folhnvecl ju the direction of tho church also, he set down his portmanteau at his uncle's gate, in order thal he might take oft' his hat with a greater degree of mock reA-erenco. Lord Pounie raised his hat stiilly in return after a moment's hesitation, as if puzzled again hy the j young man from China. The huge portnmntc.au was an attraction to him, as it had been to his father, and he hail sprung from a somewhat curi ous race, we are aware. Jfe came across the road to our hero. "Are you leaving West Atherhy, then I-"' he asked, quickly. "I have just arrived, my lord," Clement an swered. " Oh ! exactly ; but seeing you;' portman teau-" " I'ray don't mention it. Merely a few of my samples," said Clement. lie laughed as he went along the little garden path, but tile .Marl's son resumed his progress without seeing anything to smile at, and quickly overtook his father, who" was standing in the mid dle of tho road still. "George." said the Karl, " that young man says it's tho (hie." " ile told me it was the tea," replied Hie son, as ho passed his arm through his father's. " Great heaven ! Ls it possible that-that per son is ridiculing either of us ?" cried the Karl of I Coedstown. " 1 should think he knew better than that !" Lord Pennie answered, moodily. "Hut I don't understand him, or like the look of him." " He's going marry Miss Grace, isn't he ?" " So they say. 1 don't believe it myself," said Lord l'onuic. They entered tito church, where the rector, knowing that they were upon their way, hoing of an obliging disposition, had boon quietly waiting for them before he took tho liberty of commencing the service. Clement followed them a few minutes after wards, and sat down in the froo seats along with ulm ul' his uncle's farm-servants and a little boy in a big .smock-frock. Airs. G nice was scandal ised, and beckoned to him, and his uncle's eyes glared at him over his book, but he did not a ppear to understand them. Mrs. Hean, who proved to be the pew-opener of the church, glided towards him in a sidelong and mysterious fashion, and whis pered in his car that she had a seat for him, and he whispered back that ho had got ono, and felt half disposed to tell her that she had hoon very careless last night with tho roasting appara tus, und boneo tho red mark over his eyebrows. Then tho servico was droned through in a very feeble fashion by a meek man with a meek voice, and Lord Coedstown went to sleep, and was imitated by a great many of the congregation Mr. Grace' being one of tho lirst to follow so irre verent an example. Clement was more decorous, though he was not a religious man, and tlmugh it would have been better for him if he had been. Ile was attentive to the service, but still keenly alive to everything that was foreign to it, and no one escaped his notice who entered tho church that morning. Ile had had a hope that llesbie would come in presently, that tho Countess would accompany her, and that, at all events, ho should see her, as he had always seen her at West Atherhy church, and beeiiAvith her before this on the happy, peaceful Sunday morniugs here ; but it was not to be. There was no llesbie Grace, and everything had changed since he had left West Atherhy last. Ho did not remark upon the change ; ho did not \ show any sign of its having affected him, when ho was at his uncle's farm again. He was not thoughtful or dull ; a little of the recklessness which ho was in the habit of evincing possessed him in the afternoon, and ho could not consume his uncle's sherry, or attend to his uncle's busi ness stories with perfect composure. Ho round it necessary to walk up and down the room a great deal, to iook out ol' tho farmhouse window into tho village, or to stand with his back against the mantlepiece and converse on topics indifferent to liim, and at variance with his thoughts. Neither uncle nor nephew spoke of llesbie Graco ; the for mer waited for Clement to enter into details con cerning his position and prospects, and Clement did not think it necessary to dwell upon thom just then ; and so tho afternoon passed, and his aunt carno in to make the tea, and then it was time to go to church again. Ile did not accompany his uncle and aunt to church. " I shall wait for llesbie," he told them, and as llesbie was not in sight, he walked up and down before his uncle's farm and the big barn, and waited for her. Ile thought of Sarah .Bennett, sleeping in her colltti now, and waiting as it wore for her "sister's coining to Wost Atherhy, to bo less alone in her strange resting-place, until llesbie came through the new gate of Atherhy Court, and centred all his thoughts in her. She blushed when she saw him, and knew that he had been waiting for hor. " I am Jute for church-the bolls are down, I think," she said, as tho advanced and shook hands with him. " .1 did not expect - " "That I should be waiting hore," added Clement. " Of course, that was part of the pro gramme entered into on that ill-tempered night of mine." " 1 U-teniperod !'' she said. "Yes, I was ill-tempered and dissatisfied, llesbie-altogether unlike myself, I think. You forgive that ?" " I have nothing to forgive, Clem-I didn't notice the ill-temper," she answered, very gently. " Do you think it would do us any great harm if-if we didn't go ta church cousin?" he said drily. "1-1 couldn't go this morning. Thc Countess will bc hero presently, and-" '.And it's very wrong," added Clement. " But, Uten, the church is hot, tho preacher is far from intelligent, and the Guinness is nothing to you or mc." "O! Clem!" " And furthermore, 1 wish it, for I have a great deal of serious talk to get through, Hesbie. I asked you to prepare for it last Friday, if you remember." . "I am prepared, I think," she answered some what sadly. One of those quicK, comprehensive glances, which seemed to take in so much, and to let so little oscai« him, was directed towards her for an instant. Then he said: "Shall we walk across uncle's hems for a while, as we used to do, llesbie ?*' 11 If you like," she answered. . I She did not oppose his wish again, and he ] opened the gate of her uncle's garden, and Jlet her j pass through before him. I They went along the trim gravel path together, j and he uulatohed for her a gate which oponed upon the home-close, across which they strolled hide hy siile.each reluctant, as it seemed to break the spell of silence winch rested on them both. The rad sun was full in their faces as they saun tered on, and the shadows of the tree« lay long upon tho grass. All was very st ill about thom, but it was not till the roso-côvered Avails of the farmhouse A\\-ere far hack in the distance that ? Clement found heart to speak, lt was pleasant to j be silent, and to think for the best, though in Iiis j cousin's prutty face there was something new ¡ Avhich daunted him a little, lt Avas the look of . one who had made up her mind to ansAA'er all his j questions-to haAe no secrets from him; and his love Avas too deep not to assuro him there might ho some risk for himself in the long and serious talk which he had contemplated. Possibly ho Avas premature ; blithe Avas a straightforward man, Avhose heart beat for her A*ory truly, and would not remain any longer in suspenso. Ho spoko out at last, as ho had long ago made up his mind to speak. " Hesbie," he said, in a low earnest tone, " do you caro less for nie than you used to do ?" [TO UH CONTINUKI).] 