THE THREE DREAMS. BY MARY KYLE DALLAS. When people talk of dreams and port ents, I always think of that night, when, j waking from slumber, I hid my face in i my hands in as much terror of darkness as though I had been a child who feared ghosts, and fancied one in every corner. I had gone to sleep, as usual, after a very pleasant evening. I had gone to sleep thinking of Charles ; nay Charles, who was away from home, between whom and myself the water rolled, but from whom I had received that day a cheerful letter —promising an early return to his " little wifie." Nothing had happened that day that was not pleasant. My cousin Clarissa, just returned from Europe, had been to see me, and had brought me some little presents. A seal, with the head of a veiled woman on it, in intaglio, and a pretty jet set, earrings and pin. We had music and pleasant talk. I had fallen asleep like a baby, and yet, this is the dream that came to me, and that aroused me from my slumber, in a condition worse than any to which mere physical pain could have reduced me. I thought that I had retired just as I actually had. I remembered where I placed the ornaments I wore. Into what small bows I put the ribbons from my hair ; the scarf from my neck ; just where I hung my silk evening dress, and the wrapper that I took out for morning wear. It was all as natural as possible, only that in my dream I had found my white wrapper with black ruffles and buttons, and had wondered at it. Then I it seemed to me that iustead of sleeping I remained awake, and that I heard the clock strike slowly, one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight,- nine, ten, eleven, twelve. And had said to myself, " It is as slow as a funeral bell." And then I had seen the door of my room open slowly. Not the door into the hall, but I one into an adjoining room—a sliding I door which moved very noiselessly. " Who is there ?" I cried. There was no answer. " Who is there ?" I cried again. No word was spoken in reply, but now I saw a figure, tall, slender, and draped in black, standing between the half-open doors. Its face was veiled, but one of its hands was uncovered, and was very white ; the other was hidden in the folds of the drapery which it held up against its bosom. In dreams the most unusual things do not surprise us. I was not startled by the presence of this strange figure, but merely anxious concerning its errand. " Why do you come so late 1" I asked. There was 110 reply. " I expected you this morning," I said, and then a terror began to creep over me. "You wear black," said I. "You wore white last time," and then the figure drew the concealed right hand from its bosom, and exhibited a letter, which it held out towards me. " A letter," I cried. " Let me see it." And then the thing advanced, trailing its black robes over the carpet, and dropped the letter into my hands. It had a black border, and a black seal with death's head on it. I gave a scream, and awoke, faint, ill, a cold dew on my fore head, and a horror for which there are no words at my heart. Of course, it is easy to laugh at me as a coward, but one who has suffered this sort of agony will know that it is more vivid while it lasts than any other sort of terror. I suffered thus until morning. As I had good health, a fine constitu tion, and no superstitions, the daylight soon drove away my horror. I spent the morning -with Clarissa, who was a light hearted creature, and I was careful not to , speak of my dream. I desired to banish it altogether from my thoughts. I believed that I had done so when another pleasant evening closed. But scarcely had I dropped asleep when again the sliding doors rolled back, again the veiled face appeared between them, again the letter was presented. This time, however, I did not take it. | " Who is this from V I asked. The figure only shook its head. " It "may not be for me," I cried. " Oh ! perhaps it is not for me." The figure turned the letter over and showed me my own name and address written across the envelope. " Give it me, then," I screamed. " Let me know the worst." But the veiled woman had snatched it from me and hidden it in lier bosom, and again 1 heard the clock strike one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten, eleven, twelve, like a funeral knell. My pale face and spiritless manner na turally provoked questions next morning. I should have been more than woman had I kept my dream to myself. Of course I was laughed at for my terror, but so kindly that I was not angry. " Nightmare always gives one a black dream," said Clarissa's husband. "I jdreamt once that, I was hung by a black Vian with a black tope on a black gallows, after too much mince pie ; and I have not come to be hung yet, and never do expect to." " And one is never warned of trouble," said Clarissa. '' It always conies most unexpectedly." And again I grew more like myself, and again slept, with no anticipation of re dreaming my dream. 1 But it came with redoubled terrors. ; For this time when the veiled figure had held out the letter, and I had said to her, " Perhaps it may not be for me," she had not returned it to her bosom ; she had opened it and spread the white sheet be fore me, and on it I had seen written three words, the most terrible to me of any that could have been written—Charles is DEAD. The morning found me too ill to rise, and Clarissa sat at my side, trying to comfort me, and coaxing me to drink some tea, her unfailing panacea for all nervous attacks. She begged to send for a physician, but I would have none. " There is no medicine, that I know of, for having been frightened to death !'' I said, trying to laugh. " I think there is in the homceopatliic," she had answered. "If not, it is the only thing left out." But I could not pretend to be light hearted any longer. "Oh, Clarissa," I said, "I am sure Charlie is in some great trouble—tliat he is very ill—that I am to be a widow—" "Oh, don't be silly!" cried Clarissa. I—" but she paused. A loud ring sounded through the house. " What is that ?" I cried. " Only the bell," she said. " It is the postman !" said I, hiding my head. " Very likely," said she. " He often comes here, does he not Then we heard feet ascending the stairs —some one entered the next room. The sliding doors moved. Maggie, the black cook, thrust her head in at a small aperture. " Missus better ?" said she. I shook my headi 'c Mighty sorry," said Maggie. " Shan't I make some toast for missus ?—" I shook my head again. Maggie paused. " Missus," she said slowly, " dar's a letter come for you. It's mighty cur us— missus musn't get skeered, it's got a black border." She drew her hand from behind her and held it toward me. It was a large, long envelope, and it had a black border an inch wide. I saw my name written across it, just as I had seen it in my dream. " Oh, Clarissa !" I cried ; " it has come true—my vision has come true—Charles is dead." Then I fainted. "When I came to myself I was saturated with Cologne water, and as ill as I have ever had the misfortune to be in my life ; but I knew Clarissa would not call me " you little fool," if the letter had been what I believed it to be, for she held it open in her hanjj. In a few minutes I managed to read it for myself: these were its contents :— " Bivins and Co., dealers in mourning goods, beg to call the attention of ladies generally to their exceedingly fine stock of black goods, in which may be found material suitable for ladies not in mourn ing, who desire a perfect black." j At that moment I would have consigned Biving and Co., if not to the tomb, cer tainly to the Tombs cheerfully, and with out remorse. They had nearly killed me. Of course Charlie came home safe and sound, and, of course, I felt ashamed of myself; but I insist upon it that it was a frightful dream. For the benefit of those who dream dreams and see visions, I will explain its occurrence. It is very simple. You can always explain a dream, by re i calling every event of the preceding day. That I should have dreamed of a letter : was natural, at a time when I was living upon letters from my absent husband. The two gifts that Clarissa had brought me were, if you remember, a set of jet ornaments and an intaglio seal. The jet gave the colour of the letter, the seal a I suggestion. The head engraved upon the latter was veiled, thence the veiled face of the woman. The words I had spoken to the figure : " Why do you come so j late ?" and " I expected you this morn ; ing," I had actually spoken to Clarissa, whom I had hoped to see earlier in the day. She had worn black silk, and my last glimpse of her had been as a bride, dressed in white, from head to foot, and that very morning, the black woman, who was my cook, had appeared just as the phantom of my dream did at the sliding doors, to enquire what vegetables I would have for dinner, and we had separated for the night as the clock struck twelve. Add to this, a late supper, with chicken salad and coffee, and you make the dream. But I did not think of doing it until I had been frightened nearly to death. Of course, the first dream was the cause of the two others. -< N. Y. Ledger.' To be thrown upon one's own resources is to be cast into the very lap of fortune, for our faculties then undergo a develop ment, and display an energy, of which they were previously unsusceptible. Those who believe nothing, often make others believe most; as the best actors in our theatres are those who retain the most perfect command over their feelings, voice, and countenance. Probably one of the most trying times in a man's life is when he is introducing his second wife, seventeen years old, to his daughter, who is past twenty. —' De troit Press. 