THE HAUNTED HOUSE, OR THE SHADOW AT RIVER HALL. Br MRs. J. I. RIDDELL, AUTHOR OF A LIFE's \- ssIZE, GEORGE GERTIH, &C.; CIlhPTER I. MIISS BLAKE-FIIOM MRIMORY. Tell Why thy canonized bolne. I herse it death, Ive hurst their erecentae Why the sepulchre, Whsercin -oe aa thee quietly inoufod, IIath oped it ponderous jaews To eeet thee oupaein. What may this mean, That theou, detae o cse, levisitest thus the glimupses of the moon, Seeking night hideous. Se.rsesra.te. It ever a residenco, " suitable in every respect for a family of position," haunted a lawyor's officc, tlle " Ha-unted House," about which I have a story to toll, haunted those of Messrs. Cavern and son, No. 200, Buckingham Street, Strand. It did not matter in the leust whether it happened to be let or urnlet; in either ease, it never allowed MIr. Craven or his clerks, of whom I was one, to forget its existence. When let, we were in perpetual hot water with tlhe tennant; when uulet, ,we had to endeavour to find some un lucky tenant to take that unlucky house. Happy were we when we could get an agreement signed for a couple of years-a-lthongh we always had misgiv ings that the war waged with the last occupant would probably have to be re newed with his successor. Still, when we were able to let the desirable residence to a solvent indi .vidual, for twelve months at least, Mr. Craven rejoiced. He knew how to proceed with the tenants who catne blustering, or threat ening, or complaining, or bemoaning; but he did not know what to do with Miss Blake and her letters, when no person was liable for the rent. 'My principal, Mr. Craven-than whom a better man never breathed had an r'profitable client, for whom he entertained feelings of the profoundest pity, whom he treated. with a rare courtsey. That lady was Miss Blake ; and when the old house on the Thames stood tenantless, Mr. Craven's bed did not prove one of roses. In our firm there was no son-Mr Craven had been the son; but the old father was dead, and our chief's wife had brought him only daughters. Still the title of the firm remained the same, and Mr. Craven's own signature also. He had been junior for such a num ber of years, that, when death sent a royal invitation to his senior, he was so ausnatomned to the old form, that he, and all in his employment, tacitly agreed it was only fitting he should remain junior to the end. The house did not belong to Miss Blake. It was the property of her niece, a certain Miss Helena Elmsdale, of whom Mr. Craven always spoke as that " poor child." She was not of age, and Miss Blake managed her few pecuniary affairs. JBesides the " desirable residence, suitable," etcetera, aunt and niece had property producing about sixty-five pounds a year. When we could let the desirable residence, handsomely furnish ed, and with every convenience that could be named in the space of a half guinea advertisement, to a family from the country, or an officer just returned from India, or to an invalid who desired a n beautiful and quiet abode within an easy drive of West End--when we could do this, I say, the income of aunt and niece rose to two-hundred and sixty five pounds a year, which made a very mnaterial difference to Miss Blake. When we could not let the house, or when the .payment of the rent was in dispute, Mr. Craven advanced the lady various five and ten pound notes, which, it is to be hoped, were entered duly to his credit in the Eternal Books. In the mundane records kept in our offices, they always appeared as debits to William Craven's private account. As for the young men about our establishment, of whom I was one, we anathematised that house. - I do not intend to reproduce the language we used concerning it at one period of our experience, because eventually the evil * wore itself out, as most evils do, and at last we came to look upon the desirable residence as an institution of our firm -as a sort of cause celebre, with which it was credible to be associated-as a species of remarkable criminal always on its trial, and always certain to be defen.ed by Messrs. Craven and Son. In fact, the Haunted House finally became an object of as keen interest to all -lMr. Craven's clerks as it became a source of annoyance to him. So the beam goes up and aown, While Mr. Craven poh-poohed the complaints of tenants, and laughed at the idea of a man afraid of a ghost, we did not laugh but swore. When, how Sever, Mr. Craven began to look serious about the matter, and hoped some evil disposed persons were not trying to keep the place tenantless, our interest in the old house became absorbing. And as our interest in the residence grow, so, likewise, did our appreciation of Miss Blake. We missed her when she went abroad S?-whicb she always did the day a fresh .agreement was signed--and we wol cornmed her return to England and our offices with effusion. Safely I can say ", 'no millionaire ever received an ovation , 'as fell to the lot of Miss Blake when, after a foreign tour, she returned to those lodgings near Brunswick Square which her residence ought, I think, to hnave rendered classic. (To nE CaOTnTUED). 7-,, "Pa, do storms ever make malt iore ?" " No, child'; why do you ;sk ?" "Lcausno I healkr ma toll Jane S'\bring in tho clothes, f?. *'-?,. wa 