Br. I'routher and the Pnbllcnna. —-"The Mercury mnkes a great liugbcnr to 'the publicnns of tho Doctor's declaration — not Bo'miicli li. favour uif-'T, -in erntissivo. Bill, as "in favour of any leLdjIitthn cal-. dilated to improve the fcnjidillim br the people, having due regard/to lite' coniieij- vation of existing in t ' rtatn, ti| Hseibti own 'words, in answer tq an'clcbter attend of his recent meetings. Nnw,\flicrc labile harm of this P It is really laughable for the Mercttry to expect that such a body would reject the Dnotor, hocaufic. f irsoqtb,ho is in favour of " iinprbvingabb'conditioh'of.itlie- propie" by means of a measure— 1 "when the proper time arrives—" which manv sensible .publicans .arc perfectly easy nbuut, because they, iiiid miiny others "nbfpubli"-' cans, regard the measure ns perfectly eutbpiau an l altogether Quixntln, fAsl reject a skilful pilot in dangerous water?, bc- ,i oo li 7- If n nnrneiwhat funciful anil rtfmantic' philahihrnpist,wUosfc'BohisaGood Templar, nnd himself a temperate man, and there- fore a sohor, steady, bund, and accept instead the services, of a duffer because he is the reverse I These are not the times to trifle about such potty whiins and fancies when the Stnto requires the services of its ablest sons.1' The Permissive Bill is one of the side issues raised by the misleading journal.1' 'That measure; is not before the country nt present. Grave constitutional questions claim premier place, and will do sr> for'snnic tinic to come,' or I am greatly mistaken. Therefore wo should select the best man upon his personal merits, the man best able to grapple with: existing and ! impending difficulties. I ! -'But suppose, for argument's sake, this much 'talked of bill' Iwcro law to-morrow, what wonld tho -publicans' have to I fear? 'T 'shall very soon show 'that it would be a two-edged sword, cutting both ways, in fact,' that it wonld bo giving tlioTomplars a' razor to cut' their i throats iwithl I Lot ns examine the bill.— Its principle is that two- thirds of tho ratepayers in any borough shall be "empowered itoBtopthtf sole of liquor, existing interests being conserved. I see no great iqjustico toil the.-pub icausju this : hut let its lank -at the details. The Act remains dormant until a certain num ber, of ratepayers require the Mayor to 'take the ratepayers" vntcsjas 'so Whether orf no the Act shall bo put in force. On a. majority of two-thirds being" given for, the affirmative the Act is put:,in;force„and,in that borough thq snle is stopped ; . exiting iutcrcsts' being conserved ' by proviso .If /that majority hp not gnincd, the question cannot . be ; again ' raised uolu 'the ^ex piration of 'twelve- months. If - carried, it remains in force for three years, power, is then given to" get rid.of .itiaUogemtfr by the voles. of a common mnjority (not two- thirds) of the ratepayers. With these safe guards what need the publicans fear What better guarantee-cdnstituted as is the Licensing Bench" now— has upv publican that his license will ho r granted ' to liim' nt the : Annual Liccbsing ,M«,ctiug?',iiHnvfe wc not seen licenses rofuscdjurtclcr circnm) stances of.grcat hardship, and.in,tu(er.pi record, in fact in. defianrq of the ponimonest rules, of -justicc and fair, , play ?,,;I cannot, for the life of mc sec that 'existing interests aro any safer now tljah' thcy. would be if the Act were on tlic statute b'tiolc to-morrow.. T have pointed outjtlmt t'je tcelptallcrp must Aval nnlnlt 'Utoip Nnfn hftlnffl tllP.V Bun p.nnk it. Now let us go to stubborn fact#. There are over 100,000 people inTnuiiunin, there are 5.000 men women nnd ohildren Good Templars. , If then it has. taken all these years' to' gain that number, How. long will a take to gain 80,000— allowing for the increase of population, or tlie required two- thirds? Why, wershall not see it in our generation, and after its the deluge. What matters what, happens 50 yearn hence? But will tho Tcmpihrs continue to ad vance at the rate of even 1000 a year ? i I doubt it, t nnd if tlioy did,it would take 50 years to.work np.the required dwo-lhirds. ,/fhcpc, jsniit much cause therefore" for the publicans tto put themselves about over tliis phantom' bill. , SVcll and safely for bothfhirnaelf apd the 'publicans'' may the; Dbclop ;8Hy»ftb'at whcnA the proper time" comes' l'c'1 Vill li prepared "to' lvote' :in Tavbur r6'f ' any. measure, .calculated to improve the coridi-' tlon :/dftiie>,'MqplcV,!baying.!duc;rV the eonservaiioii of ' existing ! interests." ' Forjudging from the present pace/ neither' he nor .his, son after, bini will '.ever be called upon to1, vote To. pua Permissive Bill in force, and well the 1 A/erciiry lcnows it/ and ' loudly is'tHo' old'0, fox ''itfj 'bir editorial, chair laughing in his sleeve at those publicahs he'has so ( iisily Ticfoqled1. !, ' . In England/ where' the temperance' cause: is n great, power in hy:,,8|h'tpVl' where! men Think nothing' o'fputtiiig'ddivh hundreds, and thousands t i fo'atbr" the' agitation, Sir|)yUfred Lawspii, athc last October meeting of Tlio' Alliiiuce,1 said— . "Twenty years wc haveL>berniniConvert"v ihg a third part, of the registered electors— ; some of us— perhaps not many- may liver twenty years i more, : nnd j dnn!i you think' we may convert another:? third Mn.itbat; time," making forty, outofof jtjje., .fiffcy years that I calculate will be rc- qiiind here. Now; i.I;| bavcniput -the case very strongly indeed for the 1 cmplars or teetotallers, the terms; "(ire convertible. For when youdookat prejudice, "Custom,- fashion, n lukewarm, press, nnd, i> still more lukewarm clergy, the wealth of the brew, ing interests, the power of vested interests and oonsider the poverty and weakness of the tcetot allers, Ir think half a century full short. ' /Si/th'cpnhjicur8 can very well return the Mercury's laugh at the little scare-it attempted. , . Now one word for the Mercury, ..Is that journal disinterested in this matter.? .Does, it caret a dump for the publicans ? . Is - it', not merely seeking; .to impose' lipou them in.ihc'intcrests'of its patrons, " the/family/ compact ?V , , ; Surely; an experienced . .and ECtirible body of men must know this. The. paper which praised up Mr Hastings, and belauded his repent advocacy here of the Temperance Cause, -cannot care much for the| interests of j the class against which Mr Hastings 'lectured/ ' 'But "such is political life in Tasmania !" : .BcsideSjThe. tcnipcrnnce question is not before, the. country at present, tliis is/ohe of,kt6b false issues 'r.aiscd by1 .the 'JlfercHry.' VDr.'j jGfnwthcr, . has .resigned iii ' order 'to enable /he 'electors to say whether,, thcyr approve of public men bcing.| hounded 'down ' by the Meivttry j whether the country requires any Opposi tion at. all in ' Parliament 1 whether they werc'to ho' handed over to tho (power of the family party bound bandana toot — for no tyranny is greater than that of a triumphant faction, and licver is it worso than when exercised through the medium of corrupted free institutions, ns Biack- stonc says,' and when you' have it backed by Press tyranny as well- Who . shall answer for thc mturcP whether thry ap prove ofthe Inhcs, Swan, Chapman affairs ? whptiicr thoy approve of the profcrrntl quasi promotion of Mr. Hull to provide for another member of the fnmily ? whether they nro prepared to hand £250,000 ovi r to Messrs. Moore, Cheverton end Co. for Public Works ? And lastly, whether they have counted the cost, and are fully pre pared, out of their property nnd income, to pay the piper, in the shape of a heavy income tax t fur upon properly and income uloue must all the future burthens fall, the Customs . having been stretched so far that the .pwfciiig cln«scs arc clearing out for cheaper, living, higher wages, and more constants-work. With an impoverished tabour market, and a contracting agricul tural area), property' holders bpJwariM inytime, Teat in asking for a crudb in digested Fchcrne of Public Works, you only make alrod for yoiir own backs. , A scheme framed in the interests of the familyom- pact alone, .cunningly calculated aqd devised- "to seaf " the family ami7 their' organ the Mercury permmenlly in power, and at whose expense? Answer that question. Who will,have to-piy the 'interest? Verbumnnt. 1 ' 1 ' ' DrJTCroWther. roprflsentihg-prppcrtied interests merely asks for proper safe-guards, plans. And estimates, of these vast, works; he wants to sea the ways and means, he asks . for. the Taxing Bill, is be wrong ? Don't you also want to know the ins and .outs. of. this enormous job..?.. jrhen„reject. sine issues, sianuers, ami misiesuB, »uu uu slap'at the main punt; and return 'the Doctor as a proper precaution, and reject a dummy voter, who knows, ns much. about a complex, Act. of Parliament as he knows about a bull's . foot. . This . is no time for trifling with publio affairs, and making the public interests play (Second fiddle to family aggrandisement. The ruling party are getting unconstitutionally strong, and tho ooustUutional checks must be called into play in the shape of., a strong, opposi tion. !The Doctor is an ilNused., :raan,. and. British .fair play should, land him as. tlie .fntnro leader of the Opposition, in the ' Upper; , House. , His s requisitionists are; attacked, ,'i.n a- vindictive, nnd. untruthful manner, bceauso tiicy. are his rfjqujsition;-. ists. The speakers at, the .meeting ,arc viciously ridiculed because they , dp justice to Mm. He liimsclfis misrepresented and misjudged, on . .hearsay.., .evidence, when primary and better evidence i to thq con trary was obtainable! ' His . grounds. ,oi'; opposition to the fatal, scheme or/" Bill of, represented, when, it" is notdrious inside ..and outside the colony that tlio Doctor is one.of.the most able., and, enterprising of Tnsmaninns. Even the ghost of tbo Permissive Bill is called . -up . against I him.,, .Every little i mlstako . or error is duly paraded and,. all .his private 'virtues and public .works/ are to he forgotten. 1$ this 'bow Englishmen would .actP Is it fair or just P, , Why; bis private charities to the, poor,. and his rpublic services to the hospital, should alouc be sufficient to form a-lasting; claim upon .Tasmaninns. ' What public man has not at one .time or other erred? To look at home,; Innes is to be palled on the back, and; Crowthor and Bromby-are to bo black balled 1 Well; if the electors of Hobart are satisfied to. allow full. fling to. the . parly i in power, .and ; their pnper, tbc misleading! journal, so be it, hut good-bye to nil semb-'i lance of opposition, and to (political free; dom in Pasmania. ; Onb op the Trade. i - 