TWO SIDES TO EVERY QUESTION; FROM A SOUTH AUSTRALIAN STANDPOINT. ' by MAUDE JEAN FRANC. author of "marian," " vermont vale," " john's wife," etc. Written expressly for the Illustrated Adelaide Neivs. Chapter VIII. A PRIZE IN THE LOTTERY. There Avas one comfort in the sitting-room of Clement House, that if its AvindoAvs looked out simply on a blank Avail the sun did not come in to make it more stifling than' it aa'as already — ;.a blessing, by the Avay, to be only aimreciated durinff the hot-eioAvimr months of summer : A A < O O O 7 for in Avinter its length and breadth Avas never Avarmed by the tiny ghost of a fire that smouldered in its grate. Then it Avas like entering a vault, for the chill dampness struck through and through one, especially so on first entering. For ourselves a\;e profess a preference to rooms into aa'hich the sunshine can sometimes steal, e\'en at the expense of a little fading of curtain or carpet, brightening Avith its presence and dispersing all damp ness of air and gloominess of temperature, since AAre can shut out those sunbeams at Avill, Avhen they become more demonstrative in their attentions, and it is hard to be Avithout them Avhen they are so much needed. In the hot summer months, howcA'er, Avhem the glare of the morning sun Avas anything but desirable, the dining-room of Clement House was comparatively cool and pleasant. The windows were opened to their fullest extent, and their scant muslin drapery sivayed back- Avards and forwards in the early breeze, as it escaped from the open streets, and found a passage betAveen the houses. There Avas nothing inviting in the appearance of the rooms — the furniture Avas bare and meagre enough. A colonial railed sofa back against the Avail, a dozen hard Avooden chairs, also railed ; a long table stretching doAvn the middle of the room, an ugly little square clock, noted for its vagaries, and on the floor a grey and black patterned oilcloth, chilling in the extreme in Avinter, but very pleasant and cool in the hot summer mornings. Neither Avas there much to iirvite the appetite on the breakfast-table, AA'hich, one hot sultry morning, lay aAvaiting the appearance of the gentlemen, aat1io one after another came from their bedrooms to partake of its fare. The thick breakfast china, the stale loaf, and oily butter, the cold shoulder, Avith its plentiful garnishing of parsley — the prettiest thing, by-the-bye, on the table — the small dish of half-cold half-fried chops, and a foAV frizzled rashers of bacon, Avere presided oarer, on this particular morning, by Therise Dclancy, ostensibly assisted by Adelaide, while Marguerite, Avho declined breakfast altogether, stood in one corner of the AvindoAv making a feeble attempt at learning a lesson she had neglected to prepare the evening previously, and on Avliich she had noAV only a feAv scant moments to bestoAv. Mrs. Delaney Avas too much indisposed to rise. It Avas very often the case iioav. " It Avas so pleasant," as she said to her friends, " that she could so Avell trust her daughters to take her place." So, in spite of all dis comforts of diet, there Avas generally . a good deal of laughter and rapartee, and flirtation, as a garnishing to the cold chops and frizzled bacon. Arthur Delta had no taste for either. Pie generally SAvalloAved the morning paper Avith his coffee — neither the blandishments of the fair Therise, nor the racy aa'it of her sister, proving attractive metal to him ; but it AYas certainly not the case with his companions. -who found it apparently pleasant enough to linger over breakfast to the full extent of the allotted time Avith two lively girls, ready to take full advantage of " mamma's absence." Though, for the matter of that, she Avas no great obstacle AA'lien present ; Mr. Macphcrson and Mr. Holt Avere Avary Avith it all. They took care to keep Avithin bounds. Each, in his oayii Avay, enjoyed a flirta tion, but had no inclination.'' for a "breach of promise" conclusion to the whole'. t To their own side of the question they had all flue regard. Possibly it noA'er occurred to them that (there Avas another side, and that it might not be all flirtation on the part of the young girl, whatever it Avas to themselves. After all, poor girls — in spite of their fonvard manners, their little affectations, and evident desire to make them selves attractive — there AYere many extenuating circum stances to call forth the pity of a feeling heart. Their home had never been a happy one. Long as they could remember their father had alivays been the slave of an overAA'helming passion — the love of strong drink. Ho had drained the vitality from his poor miserable body, and even in his prime he was left to the drivellings of premature old age. No Avonder that his daughters had little love or respect to bestow on such a father. What, too, Avas their mother's life? Was it not made up of one continual burden of debt, and struggle, and hard ship ? Had they ever known Avhat it was to obtain an object desired in one direction without pinching for it in another? It Avas not strange, therefore, that Avith the buoyant happiness of youth, Avliicn ever sees the rosy glow of the future, and discerns no cloud, that the thoughts of release from this state of things Avas pleasant to them. Almost from infancy had they been taught the lesson that to be married Avas the ultimatum of their lives. It inA'olved a house of their OAvn, plenty of spending money, and a delightful freedom, which of itself Avas a thing to be desired. They forgot, poor young things, their OAvn mother's unhappy marriage, and her long life of unceas ing regret ; or remembered it only to think Avliat a different life they intended their OAvn should be. Ah I youth has bright visions of its future — ahvays on before — ahvays ready for pursuit — and Iioav beautifully bright they sometimes are I We question whether it is well ahvays to dash those rosy dreams Avith the cold Avater of " aa'hat must be," and " aa'hat Avill be." Let these inevitable results steal gradually on : they will disappoint less ; and so that the dreams, those gay, SAveet dreams, trench not too much on the practical everyday present, let them be indulged in, till the sleepers aAvake to the reality, as Ave all must awake and find that indeed it Avas but a dream. Yet, oh ! amidst the dreams of youth, and the reality of maturity and age — for the clinging arm of faith, to encircle that Cross, round Avhich alone is safety amidst the hoAA'ling of the tempest and the surging of the billoAvs, lash Avildly as they may, and will. Arthur Delta had risen late that sultry morning— lie avus the last to enter the breakfast-room. He had passed a sleepless night in his OAvn little hot upper chamber. The open windoAV had gi\\-en him no relief — it had only let in an army of musquitos upon him ; and it Avas not till long past midnight he had fairly turned on his pilloAv and fallen into heavy slumber. He could have slept far into the morning, had that been Admis sible. Whether or not, he would certainly have done so but for a rousing rap at his door, that dispelled both sleep and lus pleasant dreams together. He heard the breakfast-bell Avhile he was still at his enforced toilette, and voted breakfast a nuisance in such sultry AA'eather. "If one could possibly get on Avithout eating!" he said to himself, as a vision of cold, greasy chops crossed his mental eye. " Noav, a cup of coffee, such as dear mother used to make, Avould really do one good ; but a feeble essence of burnt beans is more than one can stand this Aveather." But, had his coffee-cup contained the finest mecha, delicately creamed and sugared — had the frizzled bacon been transformed into choice venison, or other rich breakfast dainties — lie Avould have proved as oblivious to the sight and taste as to those aAvaiting him ; for, as he entered the room, every eye aa'as turned upon him, Avliile, to his utter beAvilderment, a babel of tongues assailed him — Caleb Holt's being audible aboA'e all, as he exclaimed — " So your uncle's in luck again, Delta !" Arthur turned very red, and mechanically dreAV his chair to the table. " In luck ?" he repeated, mistily. " Hoav so ?" " Hoot, mon," said Macpherson, in his broadest Scotch, " ye ken vcrra Aveel that Mr. Clinton has made an aAvfu' lot of money by the mines ; that's Aveel known, at ony rate." " Well — yes — he has, certainly," Delta stammered ; for the hot blood that had sprung through his A'eins Avas hurrying back again faster than it came. His suspense aa'as something frightful to endure Avithout betraying himself. " Yes — that's Aveel knoAvn ; it's lucky Avith all he lays his finger on," said Macpherson, Avith emphasis. Qalcb Holt came to the rescue in reply to the eager questioning of Arthur's face. " It's the shares in that last mining company, the ' Wheal Ellen,' " he said, in explanation. " They have turned out splendidly. They are going up like Avinking ; as well they may, since he lias anything to do with it." " Arc you sure of your information," said Delta, with a forced calmness, as soon as he could speak at all. The "Wheal Ellen" aa'as the lottery into' which his money AYas. tliroAvn. He trembled in eA'ery limb as he awaited for the ansAA'er. " Sure, mon ? — here, read for yoursel'," said Mac pherson, throwing the morning paper to him, and indi cating the important paragraph. " I only wish I had had the luck to buy a few shares,' said Holt, regretfully ; " but the only company I ever embarked in went to the dogs. I wonder, however, you don't follow in your uncle's wake, Delta ; luck may run in the blood." " Ah, sure, an' you don't know that Mr. Delta has not done that already ; he docs things very quietly, and don't let all the world know his business," said Therise, insinuatingly ; but she insinuated to deaf ears, for Arthur was deep in the report, the wild blood leaping and coursing through his veins like fire. Coffee ! What was coffee to him now ? His first venture — his very first venture — and that a success ! Was there indeed any truth in that random assertion of Holt's, that this " luck," as they called it, was hereditary ? He read the report, though a blinding mist seemed to hover over it, and visions of the future — of future successes — seemed to dazzle and bewilder him. " Elsie, his little Elsie J — should he not be able to claim her, after all ?" A laugh from Adelaide broke in upon and dissipated his dream. " Ah, now Mr. Delta, you don't mean to say that you're that glad of your uncle's ' luck ?' I'll never believe that," she sauccly exclaimed. " It's yourself, now, has made the luck vcnturcy ; and, sure, I wish you joy." You are very kind," said Arthur, with a faint smile, as he pushed away his untasted cup and his chair together, and hastily rose. " But you have shares in the lucky mine, now, havn't you ?" said Therise, coaxingly. " Of' course he has," said Marguerite, tossing her lesson-book to the other side of the room. " Come, now, Mr. Delta, it's no manner of use for you to deny it ; and I shall expect a present for bringing in the lucky paper." " You must allow us to drink your health, after this, Delta," said Caleb, also rising, for the clock on the mantlepiece was uttering his warning strokes. '-l You are all taking a good deal for granted — a great deal more than the paper warrants, or myself either," said Delta, smiling ; for by this time he had reached the door and was ready to go ; and taking his hat in another moment he was across the threshold and half way down the street. Sultry, was it? Aye, the sun was beating down hotly on the pavement, the roads were parched and dusty — the whole earth seemed. atliirst for rain. Not a breath of air to mollify the stifling heat. Deep salmon- coloured, copper-coloured streaks of cloud, being flanked by dense black masses on the horizon, towards the sea particularly ; and where a sight of that element was visible it lay glittering under the ominous clouds, clear, and distinct, and angry-looking. Even in the distance one could fancy its surges visible. " Thunder, and storm, and rain were not far off," so said the citizens of Adelaide, as they came to the doors of shop or ware house, faintly hoping to get a little breath of coolness from the heated streets. Arthur Delta passed on his way indifferent to heat or storm — indifferent to drought or rain ; only one thought on his mind— every other was merged in that. His .shares had gone up — his venture was a success — he would he rich yet ! It- takes but little to raise these sanguine natures up to fever-heat — so little foundation on which to raise the whole fabric of a future fortune ! Arthur Delta's hand ful of shares were multiplied a thousandfold in that hurried walk to the office. What cared lie for the pelt ing sunrays ; what cared he for the scorching pavement, that almost blistered his feet through his thin boots ? What cared he for the enquiring faces he never noticed, or strangers he unconsciously jostled in his rapid walk ? He was on the high road to fortune — and to Elsie ! He entered the office-door ; hung up his hat in its accustomed place ; he took his seat and mechanically opened the desk, drawing forth the daybook. It was all done mechanically, for he was away in the clouds — or rather in the depths of the lucky mine — which was to make his fortune. He could not for the life of him have written any other word just then but " shares." " A note, sir, from the master, for you, Mr. Delta." The pert little office-boy had thrice to repeat the words before they met attention. Delta took the note and tore it open. It was to signify his uncle's intention of remainin£r at home that dav. and cave sundrv business " directions. The conclusion was the only attractive portion to Arthur. " So I see there is a little of the Clinton blood in your veins, after all. I never knew till lately that you had had the pluck to embark, in mining shares. You have chosen well. I wish you joy, Bell out now, by all means. Now's your chance. Come, however, to the Park to-niglit, and we will talk it over." It was the first thing Arthur had ever dope after his uncle's own heart, and the first time even a whisper of approval had reached him. If only dear little Elsie could know it 1" (To he continued.) We have to congratulate the Editor of Pbr Ionian on the very marked improvement in the style of Cartoons pro duced lately. The reading matter too is decidely of a more lively and humourous nature. \ V 