THE RESULTS OF THE DESTRUC TION OF FORESTS. [Frcm the Observer. I We have already o7i more than one occasion referred in these columns to the important influence which forests exert upon climate, and the dangerous results which may arise from destroying them. In Australia, especially, we believe that the importance of extensive plantations of trees can hardly be exaggerated. The whole s\ibject of the relation between forests and climate, with especial refe rence to these colonies, has recently been discussed by the Rev. W. B. Clarke in an elaborate paper read before the Royal Society of New South Wales, and the matter is one of such importance that we gladly direct the attention of our readers to his exceedingly able paper. The first point dealt with by Mr. Clarke is the possibility of the destruction of the forests throughout the Australian Colonies, especially in New South Wales, having tended to produce the droughts and floods which have proved so disastrous to the colonists. He is of opiuion that both are in a great meastire due to the wholesale destruction of trees. As regards the first he quotes largely from v;irious authorities to prove the influence of trees in attracting- moisture from the air, and the power possessed by their leaves of condensing, as it were, atmospheric vapotirs. He instances a fact mentioned by Mr. Murray, that in avenues of elms and poplars when a fog prevails, though the ground outside the leafy border be dry and parched, within the limits of thy foliage it is wet. Another curious fa-.-t he mentions from the experience of a friend of bis own is the power possessed by some tree3 in Australia of producing water from their roots:—' I was travelling with a friend in the month of January of the present year in the Valley of By-long in the County of Phillip during the height of the drought. Among other circum stances brought to our notice was this — that water had made its appearance by springing up in several places where none had ever before been noticed, and the explanation given was that such water came from the roots of the gum-trees. This opinion I heard uttered by several dose observers, and I think it possible, when one considers the nature of the rooti of these trees and the effect of drought in contracting the wood, in checking the ascending sap, and squeezing it out.' As showing how the cutting down of forests tends to produce drought, Mr. Clarke cites the weil-known instances of the Island of Ascension, in which the only spring was dried up by the cutting down of the trees; and that of St Helena, five-sixths of which have been rendered barren by the de struction of ;he vegetation. He quotes another remarkable example, namely, that of tie Lake Valentia, in Venezuela. ' Humboldt's account of the lake wa3 that its waters were lessening, so that beautiful plantations of bananas and sugarcanes had taken the place of water —in some way like the change that has occasionally altered the condition of Lake George in this colony. This falling off was caused by the felling of timber, occasioning a deficiency of water in the rivers. Twenty-five years afterwards Boussingault visited the lake, and found its dimensions increasing, owing to the Wai- of Independence having occasioned a cessation of clearings, so that less timber was being cut down, and rain fell in greater abundance than before. That this is the true explanation was shown by other lakes in the neighbourhood which had undergone no change of level, the timber on the surrounding mountains having remained in the state of nature.' Numerous other instances are men tioned; but these are quite suffi cient to prove to our readers that the destruction of trees tends to produce drought. Mr. Clarke also shows that a similar cause operates in the production of floods in large rivers. The removal of the natural barrier of trees which held in check the rising water must of course necessarily permit it to spread with in creased rapidity and destructiveness upon the low-lying land. In this opinion the author is supported by some of our most eminent hydraulic engineers. The most valuable portion of the paper, however, is that which relates especially to these colomes. As the author points out, although our soil and vegetation are no doubt peculiar, our droughts and floods are similar to those of other countries, and must be traced to similar causes. He maintains even if the amount of timber cleared may appear to bear but a small proportion to the timber left that the difference increases in a geometrical ratio, and as population continues to arrive and spread the land will every year become more arid and waterless from the cutting down of the trees. Tiie author not only urges that the cutting of timber should be restrained within proper limits by law, but considers that tho various Governments should endeavour to establish plantations of tn;es in districts which are now desert from the want of moisture. He believes if this were done much of the land at present useless might m time become valuable and fertile. Mr. Clarke also calls attention to the fact that on the coast of New South Wales and in other colonies much injury results from the drifting inland of the sand. This, he points out, is due in a great measure to the cutting down of the scrub along the shore, which formed a natural barrier to the drift. With the terrible example before us of once fertile fields in Europe now lying a desert waste from the same cause, the matter cannot be too strongly urged upon the attention of our legislators. The Northern- Territory Mail Service. — It will be remembered that lbout six months ago a motion was passed I by the House of Assembly affirming the i expediency of establishing a mail service ; between Port Adelaide, Port Darwin, and Batavia. An offer had been made by the Netherlands - India Steam Navigation . Company, which formed the basis of ; negotiations with that Company, and ' ultimately a contract was entered into by which the South Australian Government and the Java Government agreed to pay : an annual subsidy. It was expected that ; the arrangements would have been com- ? pleted some weeks since, but a delay arose ; in consequence of the Java authorities j having to refer the matter to the Govern- ! ment in Holland. A favourable answer ; has now been received. The contract is ' for five years, terminable by two years' , notice on either side. Steamers of not j less than 1.000 tons will leave Batavia j live times in the course of the | year, at intervals of about 7o ; days, and call at Port Darwin, Sydney, j and Melbourne both ways. The vessels j will remain at Port Darwin two clear days | and at Port Adelaide four clear days each ! time. The subsidy from the South Aus- j tralian Government for each round voyage S is £1,000 13s. 4d., payable on advice - being received of the steamer having i reached Batavia on the return trip. A i similar subsidy is to be paid by the i Java. Government. It wftf inti- i mated by the Minister of Agricul- j ture and Education when the sub- j ject was discussed in the Assembly i that there was a probability of Vic- j toria and New South Wales being | willing to pay a portion of the sum for : wliich South Australia becomes respon- j sible. The contract is guarded by all f needful provisoes, particulars of which j will be found in the Register of July 28. | It is expected that the first steamer will ! start from Batavia about the end of Feb- j ruary. The arrangement will, we believe, ; be highly prized by the residents in the . Northern Territory. Telegraphic News.— The new3 re ceived yesterday is of a less reassuring character than tliat which we have pub lished within the last few day3. The Grand Duke Nicholas, the brother of the Emperor, has assumed the command of the army in Southern Russia. It is quite evident that Russia is intent upon being ready for action in the event of a failure in the negotiations for peace. Great importance is attached to the declaration of Prince Bismarck as to the intentions of Germany. The German Chancellor, while regarding war as probable, does not yet despair uf peace. He considers it inopportune at the present time to offer any counsel to Russia, but will be pre pared to do so if Russia and Turkey decide upon fighting. Bismarck's declara tion is also important as showing that Germany would side with Austria if the latter were likely to be endangered. His opinion is that Austria possesses far greater vitality than is supposed by many, the general feeling in England is still against permitting Russia to obtain pos £C2i:ka of Constantinople, but otherwise there is no disposition to render any help to Turkey. The impression at homo is that Bismarck's declaration will tend to localize a war should it break out. Servia is hastening to promulgate her new Constitution before the Conference assembles, and in so doing is of course to some extent forestalling its deliberations, The Powers to be represented at the Con ference very naturally disapprove of this action. The news is altogether sufficiently alarming to awaken very grave appre hensions that the Turkish difliculty will not be settled without recourse to arms. The Ministry in France have sus tained a defeat, and in conseqnence havo resigned their positions. No intimation is given of the nature of the question on which they were in a minority. The Council of Education ami tub Minister ok Education. — At au Executive Council held on December 1, 1875, the members of the first Council of Education were appointed. The Act o£ 1875 provides that two of these shall only hold office for a year. The two appointed for the short term were Dr. Campbell and Mr. Barlow, whose period of, office expired on the 1st instant. The Minister of Agriculture and Educa tion, who was indulging in some very tall talk at Deniliquin on November '29, and whose exhausting Parliamentary labours made it necessary for him to go away from South Australia before the session closed, seems to have been quite oblivious of the fact that fresh appointments had to be made. The consequence was that at the meeting of the Council of Education on Monday last the the two members referred to could not attend. They had «iot been reappointed nor had any others been substituted for them. Mr. Ward will need to be pretty plainly reminded that he is not paid by the State to neglect the work of liis department in this way. Be is emineiitly at home in after-dinner speeches and in receiving deputations, but in the plain straightforward work of his department he is a most lamcntablo failure. The Opening op the Port Pibik Railway. — Co-morrow is the day fixed for the opening by .he Governor --f tho Port Pirie and 'Gladstone tiailway. The steamer Governor Musgrava will :onvey His Excellency to Port Pino from his ?ummer resideuce at Port Elliot, aud a party of about u'O to 70 gentlemen, prin cipally mtmbors of the Legislature, and including tbo Commissioner of Publiu Work?, ;be Treasurer, and the Attorney - -reneral, ft ill proceed to Port Pirie by tho new steamer South Australian, which leavm Glenelg \t half.paet 6 o'clock this morning. Tae Uoan missioner of Crown Lands, the Engiueer-iri-Chief, tho Surveyor-General, thw Under Treasurer, and several other gentlemen have already h tar ted on ihe land journey to Gladstone. On the arrival )i the South Australian at Port Pirie tho pas sengers will be taken to the wharfs by the Uovernor Muggrave. The party will be met by :be local Corporation and the Gladstone Com mittee, and an addreEB from the former will be- presented to Sir Anthony Musgrave. After a jeputntion to the Ministry the railway journey mil be entered upon, and at Crystal Brook sotna af the local wants will be brought before the* Commissioner of Public Works. On arrival at Qladetone there will be another deputation, and the Governor will tlien open the railway. A banquet will afterwards take piaco. Tho party Rill then return to Port Pirie, and wi'l after, wards proceed to Port Augusta to enable tho visitors to examine the site of the proposed rail way tetminuB. After calling at Port Lincoln tho excursionists will return to Adelaide, arriving probably on Monday next. The Magistracy.— We learn that Mr. W. G. McCullagb, who is at present stationed at Port Pirie as Special Magistrate, will succeed the lata Mr. Laurie at Port Elliot. Mr. T. J. S O'Ealioran. who ba« for some time been filling the place of Mr. G. W. Hawkea at Giwler and other places in the North, will succeed Mr. McCullogh. A Magistrate wiil have to bo appointed to 811 Mr. O'Halloran's place ou the provisional and temporary list, as it U probable iratilr. J. B. SheplierdsoD, of Wallaroo, will he away for some time on leave of absjuca after Mr. Bawkes's return. The Minister ok Agriculture.— Mr. Ward was expectei in Adelaide last night by the over land mail after his intercolonial travels; but uwing to a delny on tho road he will not arrivo for anothor day or two. Pbkntatioss. — Two presentations made to Mr. J. P. Ba'.birDie-VttBs, of the Bank of Aus tralia, on the occasion of his leaving Adolaido to lake a hfrlior position in the Bank in Mel bourne, will be found reported in another column. BCHBCGIANA. — We ara informed that Messrs. Laughton and Johnson have handed the sum ot £35, the proceeds of their late entertainment, to the Secretary of the Blind, Deaf, aud Dumb Institution. This Evening's Concert.— The lovors of higb olass music will have one more opportunity this pvening in hearing tbe Carandini Company in White's Room, tbo entertainment being for tba benefit of Miss St. Clair. Thin youn? lidy is so great a favourite with the public, and has risen bo much in ber profession Binoe ber firrt arrival here, that we are sure her admirers will master in Btrocg force to-ni^ht to show their apprecia ciation of her talont. Bazaab.— A sale of useful and ornamental goods was held on Tuesday, December ft, at St. Peter's Poolroom, Glenelz, tbe object buing to clear off tbe debt on the building. In th* everjfns tbe room, which looked very attractive with the bright lights and evergreen docorations, was orowded to eices*. The goods appeared ta command a britk sale, and muafc at intervals enlivened the proceedings. A numbar of. Venetian photographs from paintings bv tha old masters were greatly admired, and fooni ready purchasers. Entertainment at North Adelaide.— An entertainment consulting of dissolving views de scriptive of the overland route to England, pictures of prominent local citizen?, the wrack of the Gotbpnburg, &c;, was given in tbe lecture hall adjoining the Baptist Church, North Adelaide, on Tuesday eveniug, Decembar 5, tbe attendance being only moderate. Mr. W. BbakeEpeare as guide conducted the spectators in imagination from the Glonelsr Jetty to tha »rreat metropolis of the United Kingdom. The various views proved intensely interesting parti cnlarly those representative of Continental cities, tc. The procaeSu of tho entertainment are to be given in aid of the organ fund. Thkatbe Royal.— Dr. Silvester was favoured with a large attendance at bifl entertainment oa Tuesday evening. In the dross circle both. Houses of Parliament, the Education Board, tho Civil Service, and tbe Consols were well repre sented. Messrs. Albert White and daan were voted as a Committee, and great fun was created by the appearance of tbo latter gentleman, who volunteered to go into tb« cabinet, when he camo out of it The programme wa? the same a.% on Monday evening, and the applause with which ifc was received was hearty and continuous. Thar© was no recurrence of tbe hitches observable ia ibe ghost scene nn the prsvioua night, and the affair pa»sed off successfully, and Madamo Silvester and Mr. and Mrs. Empson were as fortunate as ev*r in sosuriDtf tbe applause of tba audiWe. Wehopoon Saturday afternoon Dr. Eilvchter will give n performance for tho benefit of juveniles ocd friends in tho country. The Kafuxda School Sim — Our corre spendent, writing: on Monday, Decamber 4, says;—' Great 'interest prevailed here tbia evening in consequence of a telegram received by Bis Worship the Mayor (Dr. Blood), from t- o President of the Council of Education, to t-e fffect that the fixed site for the intended public echflol would be that known as Anderson's ground. The intelligence woa welcomely received, the general population believing it to ba by far the moat desirablo site.' Socih Australian Flobicultitrai; and Hobticultchal Socibtt. — A meeting of the members of the above Society was held at tho fiiifolk Anns Hotel on Tuesday, December 5. Mr. W. Rnodes presided, and there was a fair attendance. A vote of thanks was accorded to Dr. Scbomburgk and the Directors of the Botanic Gaidena for their valuable contribution t-f p-anto to}the last Society's Show. A vote of tbaxk8 was also passed to the Judges at tha Uuiember Show. A protest againat the Judges award for lemons, at tho October Sbjw, was ctcided by tne prize not being given to either exhibitor, as the meetiog thought that the question whether the exmbits were limaa or itmons was involved in doubt and that it would low be difficult to decide the matter. The judges' rfcc.'oimendatioa that a prize be awarded tor the red cabbage exhibited at the late Show was acceded to. The Secretary reported that tbb receipts at the November Show were £M 9*, tid. Ihe amount of the prize list had not yet teen made up, bat the expenses would be under £50. It wai resolved that at the next November fc'how piize» should be offered for red cabbage, plum?, acd grapes. The question was mooted as to whether it was worth while to continue the cottager*' clats. At present it was a gilt to olb man. Tne Secretary said ha thouent tho tctiagers' class should be remodelled, aad that ler&ous; who were jobbing gardeners should be excluded. Mr. DniSeld thought the difficulty mi^bt be cet by b&ying; tbat exhibitors ia that cats ehocid not be allowed to take more th*n a certain number of prizes. The question was deftned far consideration. It vu decided t&at; the next mteticg of the Society should tike place in February, 1877. Lay. BiPBESENTAXlON.— The Methodist Jonnia pubiuhea the following :— ' The President of toe CmfcrtLce (Rov. W. P. Wells) has received a telegram from the Rev. J. B. Waterhouse, of Sjdney, Secretary of the General Conference, to the following eifect : — * All the Presidents concur in admitting lay representativea to the next Acnu&l; Ccnferesces.' JK actions will therefore take place at the approaching December Quarterly Meetings. This important telegram informs our -juaiterJy Meetings of their new functions, which we suppose will be invariably and faithfully iliechaiged. The method of ballot not having been specified, there remain two modes of pro cedure. Tne Chairman will either ask any lay members of the meeting to nominate suitab.e men, and then call lor a ballot of the nominees, or be may nsk the meeting to ballot without nomination. But as any representative must be a member cf four yeara' continuous standing, ui-d a member in the Circuit electing him at the tice, the nomination of eligible members will prevent the wa&te; of vottB upca any woo uuy cot be thus qualified, as the tact of his Btaading would be elicited before the votes were taken. Of course the representative need not be a member of the Quaiterly Meeting. The day ou which the lay representatives will meet cinaot conveniently besodnar than Monday, Januiry 'J9, aiid the hour of 10 will suit most gentlemen coming from tho country. Tae respected Presi dent of the Conference will exercise his good judgment in respect to this matter, and by the ministerial members cf Conference giving- half a. day to Committee business on Saturday, Jan. u, the required four days' preliminary allowed for ministerial busine&s; will not ba exceeded.' The Mi'BRat. Toubists.— All lovers of sport and adventure will be pleased to learn that tae two gentlemen, Messrs. Delay and Van de Pccrten, who have been lor sojie time ??paddliEg their own cauoe' on the gr^as 'ulent nighwaj' of Australia, the liiver Murray, sately completed their journey from Albuiy to Luke Alaxandrina on Wednesday, .November 29, and that they are now sojourning iu Adelaide. Mr. Van de foorten baa kii-d;y sent us the following note: — ' It iLay perhaps prove interesting to some of jour readers to know that tho two gentlemen who have Deen travelling do-vn the Murray ia their boat the Qitano Drought their trip to a suc cessful conclusion at Lake Alesaudrina ou Wed nesday last, November n£. With the exception of that part between Mannutu and the Lake th a Murray below Albury presents but little intered to lovers of the picturesque. Tae sportsman will, however, appreciate tte wild fowl — duck, teal, spoonbill, wild geese, pelican, kz., beine etpeciaily plentiful. After stopping for a day's rabbit shotting over the land of Mr. Knight, of Mulgundawa, the purchaser of taeir beat, the gentlemen took the coash for this city, greatly admiiing the sceLery between Strathalbjn ani Adelaide. The ji-urney has lasted four month*, two momhs being spent in goicg to Al'ury from Echusa aad returning, and two months between the latter town and the lake, many stations being Ci!led at on the way, where the travellers wera moss hos pitably received. The Gitano U a gig of 20 ft. i& leegth, havu^r a 4 ft. 8 in. beam, and rigged with a lugsail. ihe gentlemen travelled unier the Beigun flag. A tout w*s placed ia the after part -jt the boat fcr sleeping. The Koktu-West Bt-D Railway Works.— Atout 40 teamsters and owners of horses n -w working on tr,ese works recently presented the fi djwicg meiuorLil to Mr. Reid, the Superin tending Surveyor of the line : — ' 1. That it is desirable, in order that the horses working oa tfcis line may be able to staud the heavy wurk, that they go to work at 7 a.m. and leave otf at 12 a,m.,6tarticg again at 1 p.m., that they miy have cue clear hour for feeling and resta g ; acd aleo that water be provided for them *t dinner-time, as at present it takes them neirly all the dinner-time to go to water, noc leaving them sufficient time for feeding. 2. That the bad and unjustifiable behaviour of the two Gangers towards the men may receive yoar attention ; also, tbat the men and teams may not be dismissed without your direct and express orcer. 3. WeaLsobcgtocillyourattentiontothe overloading of the heavy drays, tor that loaded as they are at present it is too much for one hor=e, and' that if this is remedied the work will be dene more satisfactory. 4. That in future you will be good enough to keep the drays at work, even though there should be du3t blowing, as it is not likely to continue long ; and also we thiuk it is desirable that the dust should be taken from near the line and put on to the embankment, as being done on tne Burra line. If these pro po=ala are acceded to we believe that the work will progress more speedily, and be -kce more satisfactorily ; and hope that you will give this your prompt attention.' The Kapunda Herald states that the men them st-ives held a meeting in connection with the matter, and carried the following resolution : — 'That this meeting respectfully request Mr. Reid to suspend Mr. Fennel from office until €cquiry is made into the charges made against him.' The same paper 6tates that 'Mr. Raid had agreed to suspend Fennel till the charges «hich .had been made against him had been investigated. Fennel had, Mr. Reid said, done hiB work well so far as he could judge, and ho had never heard anything of the complaints naw rxade against him till that mornicg. They could all resume work on the following morning. Tne meeting' then gnve tLree cheers for Mr. Beid, who appears to be muah liked by the man.' The Civil Simxcs —The first day, Tuesday December 5, of tie Civil Sittings was aim -jst entirely occupied by the case of Lewis v. Michel more, an action by the Collector of Customs against a shipchandler at Port Adelaide for £100, penalty under the Customs Act, for taking jpodsfrom a wharf without their having been examined by the Custo&s; officials, and also for harbouring goods which had not beea examined. At the close of the evidence the hearing was sojourned till this morning. In Sparge v. the District Council of Willunga, a case of trespass, h, Jury was sworn and Bit of tkem chosen to view the locus ia qva at Willunga, A verdict by con tent was entered m Scrutten v. Bateson and Austin, an action on two bilk of exchange. Ttta Court adjourned at 5 20 o'clock till this morn ing at 10 o'ekek. In addition to the unfinished caee from Tuesday there are down far hearing Lewis t. John Thomas Miohelmore, King v. Pattmann, Parr and Another t. Fisher, Ha-grava v. Simpson and Others, and Serbalan r. Heed. Ihb lo-Lo Combination CoiiFAar.— Tbi3 amusing Company have just achieved great fcoccesa at Moonta, where they played for nine nights, on five of which money had to be refused at the doors, so crowded were the houses. On Taesday and Wednesday, December 5 and 6, they play at Kadina, and an Thursday and Friday, December 7 and 8. at Wallaroo, whence they will take ship to Adelaide on the 9th. Taey will then proceed to the Burra, Clare, fee, returning before Christmas to Adelaide, where they intend opening a second season prior to tieir departure for India, Irqcest at Port Elliot —An inquest w*» held at Port Elliot on November 27 by Mr. H. Hodgson, J.P., on the body of a newly-bjrn male child of Emily Bii hards, which was found dead at Port Elliot on November 28. Matilda Wilson, wife of John Wilson, said on the evening of November 27 the girl Richards came and sat by her, saying that she w*s lonely. Suspecting that ehe was pregnant questioned her, and after seme time ehe admitted being so. The next day she went to witness and told her that a baby bai been born. Immediately seat for the police. Went over to the house' where she lived, and found the body of a child in a cupboard, wrapped up in a sheet. Unwouad it and laid it on the tloor. Believed that the umbilical string had been cut too dote ; the girl said she had never heard the child cry. Tbat she bad lain for three-quarters of an hour without moving, and then got a knife and cut the umbilical cord. The body was not warm when it was found. Police-trooper O'Mahoney stated that he found the body in a cupboard. Asked Richards why Ehe did not call out for assistance, and she said there was no one there. Henry Bhand, legally qualified medical practitioner, deposed that he had examined the body of the child, and fou-d no marks of violence upon it. From examination believed that the child had had a separate existence. Considered that the child had bled to death from the umbilical cord not being tied. The child was small, but fully formed, and of mature age. It might have died from natural causes prior to the cutting of the cord. The Jury returned a verdict—' fhat the child died through hemorrhage caused by cutting the umbilical cord too near the abdomen.' Thb Cahakdinis.— The Carandini Operatic and Concert Company propose giving an extra concert this evening at White's Rooms for the btnefit of Miss St. Clair. An attractive pro gramme is advertised. Thb Norwood Fibb.— The City Coroner held an inquest at the Bath Hotel, Norwood, on Tuesday afternoon, December 5, into the cir cumstances connected with the fire which ooa sumed the Lodgeroom in the yard of the hotel early on the morning of the 3rd inst. No state ment was elicited from any of the witnesses tending to throw any light upon tha origin of the fire, and the Jury accordingly found ' that there is no evidence to show how the tire origi nated.' Land at Port Pibib.— Out correspondent informs us that during the last few days asiugla allotment of land in Klleu- Btreet, Port Pirie, baa charged hands at £1,200, the original cos. being about £50. Bazaar at the Burra.— We have already mentioned that a bazaar was held at the Burra Institute last week, in connection with the Wes leyan cau&e; there, the object baing to liquidate an old circuit debt and to improve the par sonage. We have since been desired tj stata that the ladies who attended the different stalls were as follow:— Mesdames Patshell, J. Drew, Bruee, T. Drew, Belcher, Wilkinson, Lipsett, Davis, Treleaven, Hill, Sleep, Butterwortb, Dalbridge, and Kigga, and the Misses Roach, Goldsmith, Pearce, Hoaking, Sleep, Belcher, Williams, Blott, Harris, lieake, Joslin, and Pearce. The total proceeds of the Daz^ar amounted to £H(J. Minlacowie Baptist Chapel.— On Sunday morning, November 26, the Minlacowie Baptist Chapel, capable of holding 100 persons, was opened by the Rev. J. Nancarrow. Collections for the day amounted to £4 15-s. 6d. A tea meeting in connection with the above was held on Tuesday afternoon, and in the evening a public meeting was held, the Rev. J. Nancarrow presiding. Addresses were delivered by Mr. J. Finlayson, Mr. Carey, Rev. T. Rowe, and the Chairman. The Treasurer's report showed that the building had cost £100 in cash and about £60 in labour, the material having been supplied by the friends in the locality. The collections at the tea and public meeting amounted to £13 14s., with promises to the amount of £4, which rendered the edifice clear of debt. AtCILENT ON THE ARARAT RAILWAY.— A serious accident 'has happened on the Ararat and Hamilton Railway. A contractor's tr^in containing several trucks was thrown off the line, and two men were killed, while nine otaers were more or less seriously injured. The cause of the accident was a young horse which got ia the way, and threw the train off the line. [From yesterday's Evening Journal.] Wreck on the New Zealand Coast.— Mr. George Boothby, Secretary to the Mercan tile Marine Insurance Company, has courteously furnished us with the following telegram, which he has received from Messrs. Bojd & Curris, Melbourne:— 'December 5.— Steamer Otago is reported a total wreck near Bluff Harbour. No lives lest.' The Otago was a screw ateamar, of 576 tons register, belonging to Messrs. McMeckan, BlackwoDd, & Co., and engaged in the Melbourne and New Zealand trade. She was commanded by Captain Calder, well known in the Northern Territory trade. She is chiefly insured iu Victorian offices, but a few small lines are held in this colony. Toe Incoming Mail.— At this season of the year the south-east trade winds are usually very strong, and they would probably retard the progress of the Assam. Taking the minimum of passages from Qalle mode in the months of November- December during the last four years by the P. & O. Company's ships, we can scarcely expect the steamer will be sighted before Wed nesday morning. West Australian Line. — Communication has been restored on the Port Lincoln line. Port Local Court.— In consequence of the absence of the Special Magistrate iu Adelaide, the Port Local Court was adjourned by Messrs. D. Bower, J.P., atd H. C. E. Muecke, J.P., from Tuesday to Wednesday, December 6. Pout Police Court— At the P-rt Polioe Court, on Tuesday mornine, Thomis Jewell was fined 20s. and costs, or, in default, li days' imprisonment, for drunkenness and acting ricto-isly. Messrs. D. Bower, J.P., and H. C. E. Muecke, J.P., presided. Collins- street Independent Church.— A private telegram received in Melbourne states that the vacant pastorate of thu church is likely to be filled by the Rev. Thomas Jones, one of the most eloquent preachers in the United Kingdom. Mr. Jones entered uoon the work of the ministry in the year 1844. For some years he occupied a prominent position in London; but in 1867 he removed to Walt9r-road Church, Swansea, where he has remained ever since. He is a native of Wales, and, like many of the preachers of that country, is remarkable for his fervid and brilliant oratory. The Christmas Holidays.— The following arrangement has been made by the Government for the Christmas holidays:— Monday, Dacember 25, Tuesday 26, Wednesday 27, in lieu of 28th (anniversary day.) By this arrangement a continuous holiday of three days will be avail able to those desirous of visiting the country; and it wOl also give business men three clear days instead of two fcr preparation for the English mail, which leaves on Saturday, the 30th inst. We learn that the wholesale houses and Banks will fall in with the plan proposed. University of Adklaide.— We understand that fifteen students have signified their inten tion of competing in the University examina tions for the present year. The examinations began en Monday, December 4, and are to be continued during the week. Of the fifteen who have entered four are mitriculated students, who go in for the whole course of subjects, and eleven have not yet parsed their matriculation. The latter intend to compete in some or all of the subjects taught by Professor Davidson, namely, English language and literature, mental and moral philosophy. The results will probably be known on Saturday. R.M.8. Assam. — The following passengers have beea booked from Adelaide to go by the Assam. For Melbourne — Messrs. H. and W. Chamber lain, G. M. WhittaU, E. Rowe, and Mrs. Colley. For Sydney — Captain John Warren. Accident. — Atafewminutes of fcer&on; Tuesday morning, as Mr. Ryan, ot H.M. Customs, Port Adelaide, was driving from his home at Marion, the horse bolted, and collided with Mr. Birrell's vehicle opposite the Wellington Inn, Carrie street, throwing Mr. Ryan out, and breaking an arm and a rib, besides injuring bis head. He wae taken into Mr. C. E. Tidemann's Auction Mart, and after being attended to by Dr. Way, he was conveyed to the Hospital. Deaf, Dumb, and Blind Asyltoc — We lean that the late entertainment at Gawler has resulted in an addition of £45 to the fundi of this institution. 