THE NOVELIST. DANIEL DEKONBA* BY GKOBGX ELIOT. BOOK IL-MEETING STREAMS. CHAPTER XII. *' o gentlemen, the time of life is abort; To spend that ahortaws basely were too long, If life did ride upon, a dial's point, Still ending at the tfrrtval of an hour." -BSAKSPBARB : " Henry TV." On the second day after the archery meet ing, Mr. Henleigh Mallinger Grandcourt was his breakfast-table with Mr. Lash. Every, thing around them was agreeable; the ?summer air through the open windows, at which the dogs could walk in from the old .green turf on the lawn; the Boft, purplish colouring oi the park beyond, stretching to wards a mass of bordering wood; the still life in the room, which seemed the stiller for its sober antiquated elegance, as if it kept a ?conscious, well-bred silence, unlike the rest lessness of vnlgar furniture. Whether the gentlemen were agreeable to each other was less evident. Mr. Graud -court had drawn his chair aside so as to face the lawn, and, with bis left leg over another -chair, and his right elbow on the table, was emoking a large cigar, while his companion was still eating. The dogs-half a dozen of varfous kindB were moving lazily in and out, .or taking attitudes of brief attention- gave a vacillating preference first to one gentleman, -then to the other; being dogs in such good circumstances that they could play at hunger, and liked to be served with delicacies which -they declined to put into their mouths; all ?except Fetch, the beautiful liver-coloured water-spaniel, which sat with its fore-paws firmly planted, and its expressive brown face turned upward, watching Grandcourt with unshaken constancy. He held in his lap a tiny Maltese dog with a tiny silver collar aha bell, and when he had a hand unused by ?cigar or coffee-cup, it rested on this small -parcel of animal warmth. I fear that Fetch was jealous, and wounded that her master .gave her no word or look; at last it seemed that Bhe could bear this.neglect no longer, =and she gently put her large silky paw on her master's leg. Grandcourt looked at her with unchanged face for half a minate, and then took the trouble to lay down his dear while he lifted the unimpassioned Fluff close to his .chin and gave it caressing pats, all the while .gravely watching Fetch, who, poor thing, whimpered interruptedly, as if trying to re press that sign of discontent, and at last -tested her head beside the appealing paw, looking up with piteous beseeching. 60, at least, a lover of dogs must have interpreted jf etch, and Grandconrt kept so many dogs ?that he was reputed to love them ; at any rate, his impulse to act just in this way ?started from such an interpretation. But .when the amusing anguish burst forth in a howling bark, Grandcourt pushed Fetch .down without speaking, and, depositing Fluff carelessly on the table (where his black nose predominated over a salt-cellar), began to look to his cigar, and found, with some Annoyance against Fetch as the cause, that the brute of a cigar wanted relighting. Fetch, having began to wail, found, like others of her sex, that it was not easy to leave off; in deed, the second howl was a loader one, and -the third was like unto it . "Turn o*t that brute, will you?" said -Grandcourt to Lush, without raising his voice er looking at him-as if he counted on ?attention to the smallest sign. And Lush immediately rose, lifted Fetch, -though she was rather heavy and he was not iond of stooping, and earned her oat, die .posing of her in some way that -took him a couple of minutes before he returned. He then lit a cigar, placed himself at an anglej where he could see Grandcourt's face with- | ?out turning, and presently said "Shall you ride or drive to Quetcham to -day !" " I am not going to Quetcham," " You did not go yesterday." ' Grandcourt smoked in silenoe for half a *ninute and-wen said "I suppose you sent my card and in quiries." "I went myself at i, and said yon were -sore to be there shortly. They would sup pose some -accident prevented yon from fulfilling the intention. Especially if you go .to-day. Silence for acouple of minates. Then .Grandcourt said, "What men are invited here with their wives?" Lush drew out note-book. " The Captain -and Mrs. Torrington come next week. Then there are Mr. Hulls, and Lady Flora, and .the Cubats, and the Gogoffs." "Rather a ragged lot. remarked Grand court after a wbSS. " Why did yoa ask the logoffs? When yoa write invitations in my Jiame, be good enough to give me a list, instead of bringing down a giantess on me without my knowledge. She spoils the look -of the room." "Yoninviyed the Gogoffs yourself, when jou met them in Paris." " What has my meeting them in Paris to ?do with it 11 told yon to give me a list" Grandcourt, like many others, had two remarkably different voices. Hitherto we have heard him sneaking in a superficial inter rupted drawl, suggestive chiefly of languor 'and ennui. Bat this last brief speech was uttered in subdued, inward, yet distinct tones, which Lush had long been used to re cognise as the expression of a peremptory wilL .. "Are there any other couples yoa would like to invite." " Yes; think of some decentpeople, with; * daughter or two. And one of your d-d musicians. Bat not a oomic fellow." "I wonder if glesmer would consent to oome to as . when ho leaves Quetcham.: Nothing but first-rate mnsic will go down 1 with lift* Arrowpoint." Lash spoke carelessly, but he was really Miring an opportunity, and fixing an ob servant look on Grsndoourt, who now for i the first time tamed his eyes to his oom> panipn, bat slowly, and without speaking until be had given two long luxurious poffs, when he said, perhaps in a lower tone than «ver, bat with a perceptible edge of con tempt , "Whatin tbe name of nonsense have I to dowith Miss Arrowpoint and her maslcs?" -.".Well, something,''said LuslC jocosely. Yoa need not five yourself much trouble, teritspi, Bat some forms mast be gone through before a man can marry a million." Very likely. Bat l amnot golng to marry a million." T ~ \- That's a pity-to fling away an oppor tuny this sort) and knock down yourown '' Four plans, I suppose you mean." .' Yoa have some debts, - yoa know, and' wings may turn oat inconveniently after all. Their heirship is not abaolutdv certain." Grandcourt did not answer and Lash went j on. ?;! j " It really fa a fine opportunity. The father: *."1 h»rltrtit of republishing "Daniel DmOda" baa hy thapNfidMofs of M She AuitnU-1 tnd nothH! aak for nothing better, I cut seo, and*he daughter's looka and manners reauiie no allowances, any mon than if she hadn't'a aupbnce. She is not beantifal: bat equal t*> c&rryingany; rank. And she is not likely to refuse such prospects as yon can offer her." "Perhaps not" " The father and mother would let yon do anything yon liked with them." 'Bat I should not like to do anything with them. Here it was Lush who made a little pause before Bpeaking again, and then he saiif in a deep voice of remonstrance, "Good God, Grand court J after your experience, will yon let a whim interfere with your comfortable settlement in life ?" Spare your oratory. I know what I am going to do." '' What?" Lush put down his cigar and thrust his hands into his side pockets, as if w had to fftoe something exasperating. bat meant to keep his temper. " I am going to marry the other girl." Have you fallen in love t" Thiaauestion earned a strong sneer. " I am going to marry her." "Yon have made her an offer already, then ?' " "No." "She is a young lady with a will of her own, I fancy. Extremely well fitted to m*ir« a rumpus. She would know what she liked." doesn't like you," said Grandcoort, with the ghost of a smile. . " Perfectly true," said Lush, adding again, in a markedly sneering tone, " However, if you and she are devoted to each other, that, will be enongh." Grandcourt took no notice of this speech, but sipped his coffee, rose, and strolled out on the lawn, all the dogs following him. Lush glanced after him a moment, then resumed his cigar and- lit it, but smoked slowly, consulting his beard with inspecting eyes and fingers, till he finally stroked it with an air of having arrived at some con clusion, and said, in a subdued voice " Check, old boy !" Lush, being a man of some ability, had not known Grandcourt for fifteen years without learning what Bort of measures were useless with him, though what sort might be useful remained often dubious. In the be* ginning of his career he held a fellowship, and was near taking orders for the "tfa* of a college living, but not being fond of that proBpect, accepted instead the office of travelling companion to a marquess, and afterwards to young Grandcourt, who had lost hiB father early, and who found Lush so convenient that he had allowed him to be come prime minister in all his more personal affairs. The habit of fifteen yeaxs had made Grandcourt more and more in need of Lush's handiness, and Lush more and more in need of the lazy luxury to which bis transactions on behalf of Grandcourt made no Interrup tion worth reckoning. 1 cannot say that the same lengthened habit had intensified Grandco art's want of respect for his com panion, since that want had been absolute from the beginning, but it had confirmed his sense that he might kick Lush if he' chose-only he never did choose to kick any animal, because the act of kicking is a compromising attitude, and a gentleman's dogs should be kicked for him. He only Baid things which might have exposed him* self to be kicked if his confidant had been a man of independent spirit But what son of a vicar who has stinted his wife and daughters of calico in order to send his male offspring to Oxford can keep an independent spirit when he is bent on dining with high discrimination, riding good horses, living' generally in the most luxuriant honey-bloe somed clover-and all without working? Mr. Lash had passed for a scholar once, and had still a sense of scholarship when he was not trying to remember much of it; bat the bachelors' and other arts which soften manners are a tame-honoured preparation for sinecures; and Lush's present comfort able provision was as good as a sinecure in not requiring more than the odour of de parted learning. He was not unconscious of being held kickable, but he preferred count ing that estimate among the peculiarities of Grandco art's character, which made one of. his incalculable moods or judgments as good as another. Since; in his own opinion, be had npver done a bad action, it did not,seem: necessary to consider whether he should be likely to commit one if his love of ease re quired it Lush's love of ease was well satisfied at present, and if his puddings woe! rolled towards him in the dust, he took, the inside bits and.found them relishing. This morning, for example, though he had encountered more annoyance than usual, he went to his private sittingroom and played a good hour on the violoncello. 