AMUSEMENTS. Ashton'b Cmcus.—Tho first of the potfor mances of this company in Brisbane was given on Tuesday ovening last. Tho " hill of faro" provided was both cxtonsivo and varied, and sceinod to be appreciated by all present. Tho .Tapaneso juggling, per formed' in a clover manner by Dicknoskor, was quite a novelty in circus programmes. Tho performances ofYurrah ehih Tho performances of Yurrah child of about ten years of ago, on tho top of n bamboo laddor about twenty feet high, resting on his father's shoulder were simply marvellous, as wcllashis performances on tho swinging-bamboo. Con siderable amusement was also created by the eccentricities of three trained monkeys, as well as by the tricks of a little pony, which Mr. Ashton challenged any boy present to ride. Only one could bo induced to como forward, and he succeeded, after several ineffectual at tempts, to gain tho half-sovereign which Mr. Ashton promised to the successful rider. The entertainment also included equestrian feats.by Miss Kate, and graceful tightrope performances by Miss Annie Ashton. Vaulting, and a double somorsaultand tho representation of tho "Ghost in tho PawnShop" concluded tho performances. Tits TitEATun.—On Saturday night Miss Flora Anstcad had quite a largo audicnco at her benefit, though certainly not a larger ono than her merits deserve. As we have already had occasion to romark, Miss Anstcad is a most valuable addition to any company, as her will ingness and ability to play in almost any lino aro just what aro needed in most theatrical troupes in the colonics. Miss Anstcad novor appoarod to greater advantage than on Satur day-night, when alio, performed: in no less than three pieces, all of them good of their kind. They wore ." Through Firo and Waterj" "Bamboozle," and tho . mirth moving farce "A Kiss in tlie Dark." Miss Anstcad Was ably supported by Mr. Hydcs. Tho rest of tho company exerted themselves to tho full to make tho ovening a success, which it certainly wnB. The City Band filled up tho Intervals with some wcll-solected music; Mb. TAvabbs.—Most of our theatre-going ittadors Brill lrilrn with ploasuro that the man tigeiiient of the theatre has boon again undor lakon by Mr. Tavares, whoso previous career as manager and actor leads us to hope that, what ore technically known in our theatrical circles aa " tho front seat peoplo " will he induced to patronise tho theatre more liberally than they have dono latoly; . Tub Asiatic Cmcus. — Tho Asiatic and Japanese Circus, which is to opon in this city on'tbq :23rd inst., is described by a correspon dent at Glen Inncs to bo superior to anything of the kind that has yet Visited that town, and that the feats'of the Japanese performers aro something wonderful. Italian OrEiu in Australia.—From Sydney we learn thatSignor Pompei has. gono to Europe .to engage an Italinn opera company for Mr. Xiazar and other Sydney speculators. OSeka Bouffe.—" itadame L' AtcMduo'' has ptoyed a trump^ card for Mr. Morton at the Opera CtomiqUc, in London. It is described as one of the brightest and merriest opera bouffes sinco " Madamo Angot." 