THE DUCHESS OF ROSEMARY LANE. By B. L. FARJEON, [The right o£ publication in Australia has been purchased by the proprietors of the Sydney Mail.] Chapter XVIII.— A Gkoup or Tittle-Tattt.ers. The following day a sensation was created in Rose maryLane by the circumstance of Seth Dumbrick's stall being closed, and. by a written notice pasted out side, to the effect that he might be expected to return in the course of two or three weeks. The intimation was at first received in good faith, and without any sinister motive bein? attached to Seth's sudden disap pearance. Discontent was certainly expressed at the movement being taken without consultation^ and without any of the neighbours being aware of it ; it was robbing them of their privileges to be so secret, and it showed an injurious want of confidence. Mrs. Preedy exnressed her opinion that it was mean and underhanded, and declared that it passed her comprehension how a man could be so close and sel fish — especially when there was so many good creatures — she wouldn't mention names— as was ready to listen to what he'd got to say. By the expression of such sentiments but little harm was done to Seth's character ; to ride the high horse does no harm to a man's reputation. But in the course of the day the discontent began to assume a startling and alarming shape — the preliminary phase of which was shown in short and frequent journeys being made to Seth Dum brick's stall by small knots of people, who stood about and gazed at the closed shuttew, with dark thoughts brooding in their minds. It was some little while before these dark thoughts resolved themselves into a distinct shape. There was something wrong, to be sure ; but the wrong was not clear until the afternoon. Then a palatable fear for the children crept into the minds of the gossipers and curiousmongers. Had any one seen the Duchess or Sally that day ? No one. That was quite sufficient. The moment the ball was set rolling, it assumed important proportions. ' From the day as Seth Dumbrick give that party to the children,'' said Mrs. Preedy, holding forth in front of the cellar to a knot of eager listeners, ' down in that cellar' — with finger ominously pointing— ' from that day I began to suspect him, and to feel sure as there was something wrong. I say to him on that very day, ' Strange things is often done down in cellars,' says I ; and then I told him that I wouldn't let my Jane go to his party unless I were invited, no, not if he filled my apron with diaaoings. ? Perhaps,' says I, with my mind full of misbegivings, 'perhaps you've got ghosts and ekiletons down in your cellar, Mr. Dumbrick ;' and as true ? as I'm a living woman, he says to me upon that ' Mr cellar is full of ghosts, Mrs Preedy,' says he; «my cellar is full of ghosts,' he says. And then he pretended— to turn it off, like— that he didn't know the ghosts was there till a week or two ago.' This narrative imparted a mote intense interest in the position of affairs, and imagination ran riot on the c intents of the cellar, which became gradually filled with the bones and limbs of murdered persons— Seth Dumbrick's victims, who had been artfully decoyed down the steps and made away with. ' And it shows the wickedness of mankind,' said one woman, especially disposed to the horrible, ' to think of the way he's kept it secret all this time.' 'But,' added Mrs Preedy, with a Solomonic shake of her head, ' it must have weighed on his mind, Mrs. Simpkins !' Upon which most of the women in the crowd shook their heads and murmured, ' Ah, that it must ! that it must!' Other imaginative phases relating to Sally and the DuchesB, who were pictured as being either murdered or chained to the wall and left to starve, soon be came popular ; and ears were pressed to the shutters to catch the groans of the children. 'I can hear something!' cried Mrs. Preedy i which instantly caused the knot of women to declare that, in the cause of humanity, the cellar should be broken into and the children rescued. 'Whether they would have proceeded to this extremity is not cer tain, and perhaps it was fortunate that the form of Dr. Lyon was at that moment seen approaching them. * ' O doctor ! O doctor !' cried Mrs. Preedy ; and stood before him, pressing her sides, and gasping for breath in her agitation. 'What's the matter, Mrs. Preedy r' asked the doctor. ' Spasms r' ' No, sir ; oh, no, sir,' she replied, still palpitating. ' The children ! the children !' ' What children :', ' Our beautiful Duchess, sir, and Sally, that we're all so fond on.' ' Well r' ' Down there, sir ! Murdered I I heard a groan jest as you come up.' ' Which proves,' said the doctor, realizing the position of affairs, 'that they can't be murdered. Mrs. Preedy, do you read your bible r' 'I hope so, sir, I'm sure,' answered Mrs. Preedy in a tone of virtuous injury. 'I hope so too. Do you forget what it says? « Do unto others as you would others should do unto you.' And, by the same rule, think unto others as you would others should think unto you. What makes you believe that any harm has happened to the children r' ' Well, sir,' aaid Mrs. Preedy, stammering and be ginning to waver, ' Mr. Dumbrick has suddenly dis appeared without saying « With your leave or by your leave ;' and we thought, sir, we thought ? ' ' What you've no business to think,' said the doctor warmly. ' 8eth Dumbrick has gone into the country with the children, for the sake of the Duchess, who needs fresh air to bring her back to health. And here's the key of his place, which he left with me early I this morning. Let me give you a pitce of advice, Mrs. ' Preedy.' ' I shall be very grateful, sir, I'm sure,' murmured Mrs. Preedy, trembling, not knowing what trouble she might have brought upon herself. ' Go home, then,' said the doctor in a grave tone, ' and for the future attend more to your own affairs and less to other people's. In plainer words, mind your own business.' ' Well, I'm sure !' gasped Mrs. Preedy, as Dr. Lyon stalked away. But she obtained no sympathy ' from her neighbours, who were only too ready to lay the blame on some ©ne, and who, with justice — for she was the most zealous scandalmonger in Rose mary Lane — laH the blame upon Mrs. Preedy s shoulders. So that for once the right scapegeat suffered. Mrs. Preedy went home in an oppressed state of mind, a sadder* if not a wiser woman ; and the neighbours generally, to show how guiltless they were, became enthusiastic in their praises of Seth Dumbrick, though it must be confessed they bore him in their hearts of hearts a little grudge for having disappointed them of a grand and awful sensation. The opportunities for conferring such distinction on a locality were not frequent, and it was hard to be dis appointed. 1h the meantime, unconscious of the excitement he had created, Seth Dumbrick, with the Duchess and Sally by his s de, was sitting on the top of an empty waggon returning to the lountry, with, the driver of which he had bargained for the ride. He deemed it a rare good stroke of luck that he had met with tliis waggon and driver, for it behoved him to be careful of his purse ; he was no spendthrift whom a fortunate windfall was likelv to drive into reckless extrava gance. It was a fine day, and the delight of the children was unbounded. ' The fresh air, the clear atmosphere, the dreamy clouds, the beautiful fit-Ids, were revelations to them. Occasionally they passed an estate, stone-walled frt.m vulgar eyes, over which, being seated at such an elevation, they could see into' the carefully-tended gardens and orchards ; and more frequently they passed the prettiest of gardens be longing to humbler folk, the colour and beauty ot which were as lovely and charming as nature could produce to gladden heart and eye. The driver of the waggon was in no hurry ; he had some Bixty miles to go, and he worked for no hard taskmaster ; he was an old man, and merciful to his cattle, having a love for them, as could easily be seen— all of which circum stances were as precious as gold to the holiday seekers, fer it gave them leisure to see and enjoy. The waggon was a new waggon, of which Seth made joyous capital, saying it had been built espeaiallv for them to ride in on the brightest of all bright days. Overbearing the remark, the driver said that that was a likely thing, too, for things happened pretty much as they were ordained to happen — leastways, that was hu experience; and said it as though he had high authority for the doctrine. The bells on the harness supplied the music, vary ing most delightfully according to the pace ; for, to please the children, the old driver occasionally smartened the horses into a trot, which they appeared to enjoy as much as they enjoyed the leisurely amble with which they traversed the greater part of the road. He was a kindly old fellow, with a face like a ribstone pippin, and with hands as hard and brown as knotted oak— hands which could be soft and gentle, also, and were when he pinched the cheek of the Duchess. She, always susceptible to fondling and caressing, looked into the old mans face and smiled, so winsomelv as to make him pensive. ' Yours i'r he inquired of Seth Dumbrick. ' No,' replied Seth, in a low tone, so that the children should not hear; 'not exactly. I've adopted her. An orphan.' ''Ah,' said the driver; 'then she's yours!' glancing at Sally. ' No, I've no children of my own.' 14 Never been married ?' ' No. iou re a family man, I can see.' ' Thirteen of 'em ;' adding, in response to the look of astonishment on Seth's face, ' not too many, not one too many.' ' Are they all at home i' asked Seth. 'No; they're here and there ;'* with a wave of his hands oloudwards, sufficiently comprehensive to denote that his brood were scattered over the face of the earth. ?? We're a travelling family, you see. I've been a waggoner ever since I was a lad. My youngsters took after me, and travelled further — two to America, one to China, one to Australia; and another' — this with a wistful look into the clouds, yearningly eager to fix the spot— ?' God knows where. But,' he added, with a brighter air, ' they're doing well, most of 'em. I've no occasion to work, but I couldn't live without a whip. I'd like to die with one in my band. Then, I love the English roads. You're fond of 'em, too, I can see.' 'They are very beautiful,' said Seth, 'to us especially who see but little of 'em. I haven't been out of London for fifteen years. And this little girl ' '—with a kindly pressure of Sally's arm — ' has never in her life seen the country till now.' Sally's eyes sparkled a rapturous confirmation. Perhaps more than to either of the others was this holiday an event likely never to be forgotten, and to exercise a permanent influence upon her. It was, indeed, a revelation to her soul ; she saw beauty of which she had hitherto had no knowledge or compre hension ; and as she sat on the waggon, with one arm fondly caressing the Duchess, whose head was lying on her bosom, she wished that she and those she loved could go jogging along in this way through the sweet country roads for ever and ever. 