OUR ADELAIDE LETTER. (From our own Correspondent.) Adelaide, Jane 13. As the day draws near for the meeting of Parliament the feeling gains ground that the Ministry*are doomed. It is understood they are to be attacked on the same grounds as they alleged against their predecessors, and as to the result of the attack there is not, it is said, the shadow of a doubt. They, com plained of the personnel of theBoucaut Gov ernment. They .said nothing about their, policy. They knew full, well that they would rouse the indignation of the country if they said aiiglit' against that, or raised a ghost of a suspicion that they would not adopt that 'policy in its entirety. They, therefore, wisely refrained from assailing the measures, and directed all the force of their assault at the men-at their inconsistencies and incongruities. - It is, I learn, the inten tion of the Opposition to take precisely the same position with regard to Mr. Colton and his colleagues in office. The combination they have formed is quite as much open to exception as Mr. Boucaut's much-condemned Administration, as Mr. .Colton will find to his cost. There was an impression in his mind, and in the minds of his associates, that when they once succeeded in ousting Mr. Boucaut from power their retention of office would be almost unlimited. No doubt Mr. Colton in his egregious vanity looked forward to being knighted. To be styled Sir John Colton would be ample compensa tion for the strong criticism passed upon his conduct.. To Mr. Ward the ample income of £1,000 a year, and the prospect of always being called " Honorable" at the end of three years' official life would go far towards satisfying even his ambition. Mr. Carr must have thought that he was going to have a long lease of the Crown Lands port folio, or he would never have thrown up the permanent receipt of £300 a year as Chair man of Committees. But what a sell it will be for all of them ! Why the very men who helped them to turn out Mr. Boucaut are turning agaiust them, and will assist Mr, Hawker and others to eject them from office. The issue of events will be a caution to Mr. 'Colton and his incongruous associates not to overreach- themselves again. The average human conscience resents anything that does not look fair and straightforward, and Mr.' Colton will have to suffer the ponalty which his political " finessing"-to use a word of Mr. Ward's-will have deservedly brought upon him. 1 suppose Mr. Carr will resign his position as Chairman of Committees. No announce ment of the fact has yet been made, but having accepted another office of emolument he should do so at once. Of course it will not be very comfortable to resign his Chair: manship and then find that he is to be kicked out of office after a day or two's office experience; but as he has made his bed so he must lie upon it. The decision is his own,.-and he lias no one but himself to blame. Presuming, therefore, that he throws up the Cliaifinanslfip of Committees,.as I consider him bound to do, who is likely to be his successor? There are three names mentioned. They are Messrs. Blyth, Town send, and Quin. Mr. Blyth would be well qualified for the position if lie would under take it. His knowledge of the forms of the House and his readiness to adapt himself to details would prove very useful in the dis charge of the duties of Chairmanship of Committees but- I fancy he is fishing for higher game. In all human probability the Speakership will be vacant some of these days, and Mr, Blyth would be the man of all others for that jjost. I think, therefore, that if ho is aspiring to any one position more than another it is for that now occu j pied by Sir George Kingston. Then comes ! Mr. Townsend. It is understood that Mr. Townsend, who declined to take the office when M r. Carr was elected, is now anxious to have it. What his . reason is £ know not. It may be that he is forced to the conviction that he never now will be in a Ministry, or it may be that he thinks the position will he the best stepping-stone to- the Speakership. But whatever his motives may be, it is clear that he is now desirous of succeeding Mr. Carr, and he possesses many qualifications for the post. He is quick at seizing a point, aud he is familiar with all the forms and rules of the House ; but he has not the pen of a ready writer. This would, I think, be his chief - stumbliug-block ; otherwise he would make an excellent Chairman. As for Mr. Carr, he is not better qualified in this respect than Mr. Townsend, and he li,is the disadvautage of less knowledge of the routine work connected with a Chairman's duties. He has an unblemished political character, and considering that amid all the shifting and degrading scenes of political life he has been able to maintain a position above sus picion he deserves some recognition at the hands of the House. He h^g got the pro: mise of some influential support, out I think Slr. 'Townsend will score the larger number of votes. . Mr. W. K. Simms, the popular and merry little brewer, is about to resign his seat for West Adelaide-indeed it is now reported that he has done so. He has made an ample fortune, and he is anxious to see a little of the world before he lays down his bones with the dust of his ancestors. He is a sort of man who makes himself popular wherever he goes. It is too much trouble for him to quarrel, antl so he funs through life easily and pleasantly. He has represented West Adelaide.for some,years,,and he has "always been noted for his affable and jovial manners. His faob aud his cheerful bustling ways will be missed in the House; but let us hope that when he has done with the frivolities of travel he will return to the colony and spend his money where he has made it. Already, in anticipation of his resignation, two , or three names of probable successors are men tioned, nud I should uot bo surprised if half a dozeu aspire to succeed the jolly little Simms. Mr. Darling, who formerly repre sented West Adelaide, is, I believe, ready to stand. Mr. J. B. Hughes is also spoken of, and as Messrs. N. Blyth, H. K. Hughes, and L. Glyde want seats, there will, I dare say, be a rush for the coveted position. 