POLICE GOUBT-^- ADELAIDE. ' : Friday, Septembhr 15. rBefore Mr. S. Beddome. P.M.I ' Joseph Worrell^ apprentice, was charged with misconducting liimself -. while in the service of William James Webber and James Hnghes, plasterers, by disobeying orders1 on the - 5th of September. Mr. Dash wood for the prosecutor1; ifr.'Smithfor^th© -defendant. It was stated that on the day in question the defendant re ?fused to continue Ms work, and the prosecutor told him lie had -better go home. For the de fence it was sought to be shown that the prose trade; that' the prosecutor Webber had used insulting language towards his apprentice; and that on the day in question the boy only refused ? to do 'laboring' and asked to betaughthistrade. '- Mr. Smith submitted, in addition to these objec tions, that the indentures of apprenticeship were . invalid, as they purported' to be signed and sealed, and were only signed, and the necessary counterpart had not been made (vide Burn's Justice L, 187). Prosecutor, cross-examined, -stated that the defendant had asked him for his ? papers, but liad never reeeived them; E y idehce ; ? was then given that prosecutor had' called defendant a u- — ? long ghost,' and hadicep't the defendant to 'laboring.' -Def endant? had been made to carry a hod; and to sift saudr The court considered the boy had done wrong in dis obeying orders, and that it was unreasonable for him to expect his master to keep him con- ; tinuaHy learning his trade. They also thought : that the indentures constituted a sufficient agreement of apprentice. Fined 10s. and costs, £1 in all. - ' Chi-islian - Wallschiiitzi/, sheepfarmer, was charged with stealing about 61 sheep, the pro perty of John Gottlieb Jaensch and William Jaensch, sheepfarmers, Hundred of Dalrymple, Yorke's Peninsula. John Gottlieb Jeansch: stated that the prisoner lived at Oaklands ; his run adjoined witness's run, upon which there . were about 800 sheep branded with tar, ' G.J.' on the near shoulder. The sheeD were also ear marked, and a number of them were branded 'J' with a firebrand on the nose. In conse quence of something his shepherd told him, witness counted his sheep iu August last, and found a large number missing. : On the 18th of August witness went with his : brother to prisoner's run. Asked prisoner if there were any of his sheep there. He made no answer. Subsequently witness and his brother noticed some of their sheep in prisoner's flock. They recognised them by their brands. The 'J' on the nose had been obliterated, and replaced by an 'O.' Prisoner's sheep were marked on the right ear ; those belonging to witness and his brother were marked on both ears. Later they met prisoner, and told him that they had found some of their sheep branded with his tar brand. They then showed him some of the sheep, and prisoner replied that he had bought them from Mr. Ballard, a sheepfarmer. in the .Hundred of Dalrymple. Remembered the casebeing^heardatEdithburgh and identified some of the sheep then prodnced. Witness had previously seen them on prisoner's farm. .Suspected prisoner, because one of wit ness's ewes which had been missed came back to witness's mil for i tslamh .Thfmose ma rk h ad Tirmi obliterated; William Jaensch, sheepfarmer, brother of the prosecutor, corroborated the evi dence of the previous witness. He stated that he found over 90 sheep belonging to himself and his brother among prisoner's flocks. Joharm Lehmann, shepherd, in the employ of the prosecutors, said on the 23rd of Marc'a he had 14-07 sheep in his charge. Iu July he had only 325, and in August'248. The others were drafted off to other parts of the colony. On the 25th of July he missed 25, 22 on the 2ndof August,and lOon thelOth or 11th of August Witness missed the sheep in the morning. They ?were yarded every evening about a mile and a half from witness's house. The sheep outsid the courthouse at Edithburgh witness saw ire viously on the property of prisoner. William Ballard, farmer, of the Hundred of Dalrymple said he sold the prisoner 100 sheep on the 4th of July last. They were mostly ewes, and had a half circle and B branded with paint on their backs. Among the sheep claimed by Jaensch there were none that witness sold to prisoner. Witness's sheep were not branded on the nose. P.C.Todd, stationed at Yorketo«n,said he accompanied the Jaensch's to prisoner's run on the 18th of August, and saw them identify their sheep. Witness arrested prisoner and his son on a warrant. The younger prisoner said he branded the sheep with a piece of fencing wire over the ' J.' The prisoner said he did not brand the sheep and knew nothing about it. By Mr. Dashwood — The prisoner was charged with the same offence at Edithburgh. The in formation was dismissed. His Worship (to Inspector Peterswald) — It appears that the in formation was dismissed by the justices at Edithburgh. Why do you charge him again ? Inspector Peterswald. stated that the Crown Solicitor was dissatisfied with the decision of the justices. It appeared that the information had been dismissed in con sequence of evidence given by prisoner's wife, which had been taken illegally. Mr. Dashwood contended that his client had been treated harshly in having to answer a charge in one court when it had been dismissed in another. His Worship said as a rule he objected to try a man on information which had already been disposed of in another court, but the present case, owing to the illegal evidence given at Edithburgh, was a peculiar one. The prisoner, who made no statement, was committed for trial at the present sessions of the Supreme Couit. Bail was refused. William Alfred Wood, bookseller's assistant, was charged with leaving his aged father, William Wood, out of business, without ade quate means of support. The information was dismissed. (For other Lava Courts see page IS.) 