CHINESE IN CALIFORNIA CHINA TOWN. (From Repvoorth Dixon s ' White Conquest.') j A seventh part «f tbe population — a seventieth part ?of the surface — of San Francisco is Asiatic. All Orientals pack closer than Europeans. A man may «ee big crowds in many cities : Russ and Tartars at Nishni-Novgorod, Copts and Armenians in Jerusalem, 'Arabs and Algeriiies in Cairo ; but in neither Russia, Syria, nor Egypt can he see such crowds as we find packed in the Asiatic quarter of San Francisco. The term Asiatic quarter may suggest a separate portion of the city, walled off from the remaining parts like China Town in Moscow ; but the Asiatic . quarter in San Francisco is an open colony, like May TT in lil'A in Vam York. The Chinese have squatted in the very heart . of San Francisco. Lock Sin's tea-house in Jackson-street may be re garded as the heart of this new Asiatic empire in America; for in Jackson-street, grouped around Xock Sin's balcony, lie the Chinese banks and stores, the Chinese stalls and markets, the Chinese theatres . and gaming-hells ; while off this thoroughfare, to the light and -left, extend the blind alleys and nameless \- passages in which reside the Chinese rogues and thieves, with their unfailing complement of female .- slaves. » ' ' Here, ^bright with paper lanterns, glare the two . great tea-houses, kept by Lock Sin and Hing Kee, sn which you sip green tea and watch the dancing girls perform their rites. Here, rich in red and black Hags, and musical with gongs and cymbals, stands Yu He Un Choy, the royal theatre, in which a grand historical -pl&y;, -a chronicle of the Ming Dynasty, has ? been going on for three weeks past, and is to run on ? . briskly for about nine weeks yet to come. In front ? of us, hardly less rich m red and yellow paint, hardly vIess noisy 'with, shawm and tom-tom, rises Sing Ping Yuen, .the new theatre, in which lighter pieces are performed, not lasting jnore than .? thirty or 'forty nights. Hereabouts He the tan . cellars and thieves' gaming cribs, in which sallow wretches -and --their hideous partners of the other sex indulge in the lawless pleasure of staking their bottom ? dollar '-m g domino. About these cellars lie the ? opium dens, to which the gamesters come in their frenzy, and snatch the still more fearful joy of staking their health and manhood on a fume of poppy-juice. .'Round thatcorner stands the great joss-house, a large 'room, hung -with screens and banners, dazzling in led andigold, in which an idol squats ; not a Mongo lian god, with flat and shaven face, and turned-up ' Tartar eyebrows, but a Teutonic master, with straight nose, faromousfoche, and pointed beard. Before this foreign' idol, tea-cups hiss and fuzee6 burn by night ; and day. China Town is running over San Francisco, spread ? xng to east end west, to north and south. The . Asiatics' have -seized a good part of Dupont-street and JKearny-street, -swarmed into Pine-street, invaded . fctockton and Pacific streets, and got their feet in ? California-street. Some houses in these streets are \- owned by Mongols. When Asiatics get their feet inside a door they drive the Europeans out. A lEuropeanrcannot stand the fume and 'stench, the dirt and din. Thus, shep by shop, and street by street, they crawl along, a swarm of clean and unclean tilings, so oddly -mixed that white men shrink from them, in fear and wrath, as from a company of lepers. . 1NTo white-man likes to sleep under the same roof with \- a yellow-man-; no white woman likes to pass through . Jackson-street. A rookery and a cesspool drive off ? decent folk. Let us drop into some of these houses, no fear of lepers in' our ?hearts, aud see these Asiatics in their Ihomes. Not far from Lock Sin's tea-house stands a big edifice, first used as the Globe Hotel; a house four stories high above the ground, six windows to the front, and boasting of rooms enough for fifty guests. Including vaults and attics there may be sixty rooms : -an all. 'Surrounded by the Chinese rookery, this Globe Hotel, no longer fit for decent visitors, is let to Lee Si'Tut, -a rich Chinese, who re-lets his apart ments to 'Chinese residents of the better class — to shopmen, waiters, clerks, and agents. Lee Si Tut takes care to have no tenant of bad repute. A thief, a Tag- picker, a night-prowler cannot' hire a bed in his hotel. No painted women pass his door. '? U'an and -other lawless games are forbidden. No ?wrangling or fighting is allowed within the house So far as order can be made by rnles, order is said to reign .among Lee Si Tut's tenants; and the Globe Hotel in Jackson-Btreet may be regarded as the xoyal khan and summer-palace of the Chinese empire in America. Pass in. Oh, Lee Si Tut'! A sickening odour greets your nostrils on his steps. . A reek comes out of every 'door, and dirt lies heaped on every laiiding stage. The dust of years encrusts his window-panes. Compared with this Globe Hotel, under Lee Si Tut, ?a Turkish or a Spanish prison is a desert place. The ' banisters drip ; the passages sweat. A black and fetid elime runs down the walls. And then what press and multitude of tenants on the stairs and in ' the rooms ! Men swarm at every door, and crowd \- down every stage ; each pale and melancholy wretch 'vomiting his narcotic poison in your face. A name less horror seems to brood in every corner of the ' house, for out of every corner glare the spectral eyes of beings fevered by tan and stupefied with drugs. Each room, arranged for the accommodation of a single guest, is either parted into six or seven sections -i-y a string of mats, or shelved in tiers all round the 'walls. Shelves are preferred, since no one cares to r Spay for privacy ; and a room that will only sleep six ?or seven in sections may be got to sleep a dozen on . shelves. From vault to attic, each room is foul with ? smoke, and black with dirt, and choked with men, No less than fifteen hundred ghastly creatures find a lodging day and night in this Chinese paradise ! Rooms crowded and unwholesome I have seen \- before — at a feast at Einsiedeln, a mad-house in INaples, an emigrant ship at Liverpool, a barrack on 'the Nile — hut nowhere have I seen human creatures packed and crushed as these tenants of the Globe Hotel are packed and crushed. Lee Si Tut lets his bouse, he says, to eight hundred tenants ; which would give him, in a house of sixty rpoms, including ?cellars and lofts, thirteen tenants to each chamber ; but the rascals cheat him, he alleges, out of half his Jent, by sub-letting their shelves to men who occupy them only half the day. Inquiry shows me that 'this story of subletting and dividing the room is strictly true. Ki Wgok lets his shelf to Li Ho; 3£i Wgok using his shelf for twelve hours, and giving 'it up to Li Ho for the other twelve hours. In some brooms three sets of lodgers occupy the shelves each twenty-four hours — eight hours apiece. Yet those who ledge in this hotel live in a light and *oomy palace by the side of those who live in the ? labynnth of courts and styes, yards and entries, lying :round Bartlett-alley. Here some of the white set tlers in San Francisco threw up their hives. The ground is undrained. The log shanties were run up - hastily and cheaply; and in these fever-haunted ' hovels, rotten -with age, putrid with filth, overrun 'with vermin, the masses of Mongolians make their home. They creep into vaults, they climb into eaves, v they burrow in the earth. In holes unfit for dogs, * you may discover ten or twelve wasted creatures, sprawling on shelves, staring into space, and trying to smoke themselves into the opium-dreamer's paradise. Worse still, if in the ' lowest depth ' there can be a 'deeper still,' is the thieves' quarter; a district running in and out of more respectable quarters with a rare indifference as to social forms. In the thieves* quarter it is well to have a guide and escort, for the Chinese criminal has curious ways, and your ramble in his purlieus should be made at night. All round Bartlett- alley lie the thieves' Yards and cribs; foul attics, falling balconies, underground kennels; with a few spikes of joss-wood burning at every door. Rags rot on the ground and garbage poisons the air. Slush squirts at you from under every plank, and where the planks fail you, the earth appears to be nothing but * running sore. Rig shops and receiving -houses hide in old pits and. hollows under the plank floors. In all these damp and loathsome holes a swarm of Asiatics wallow in the filth, their rale and ghastly facs rendered visible by the flicker of & reekingr lamp. Pah- Fear lurks in every Mongol eye, and desperation glowers from every Mongol face. In passing from, yard to yard you catch the slam of doors, the shot of bolts, and feel by instinct that ev*ry ruffian stand ing behind these planks, alarmed by strange foot steps and loud voicps in the dead of night, is listening at his door, with hatchet raised to strike or rifle poised to fire. 'Open the door!' cries your guide, in a peremptory tone, stepping in firont of a log cabin. ' Open the door !' ' You foolee me ? You foolee me ?' ' No, no. Open the door !' The voice is recognised within ; the door is slowly opened, and you peep into the crib ; a cupboard as to size, but occupied by five or six men and women. Heaps of stolen goods are on the floor ; but neither blade nor gun is visible. At another crib we are re pulsed. To the inquiry, 'How? you foolee met' we answer, as before, 'No, no;' but, instead of seeing the door open, we catch a rapid exchange of whispers inside. ' Go ; you not foolee me !' cries a voice, accom panied by the click of a rifle. ' Dip and slide,' whispers our companion, and we instantly dip and slide. In Stout's-alley, and in the yards around this sink of squalor and iniquity, lodge the partners of these thieves and murderers — the female slaves. Let ub get out into the open streets ! ' You have now seen a little of our Chinese quarter,' says my companion, as we enter Lock Sin's tea-house about two o'clock, and order a refreshing cup. ' What you have seen in San Francisco you may see in Sacramento, Stockton, San Jose, and other towns. Wherever John plants his foot, he builds a China Town, and peoples it with harlots, criminals, and slaves. We get some very cheap labour, and our financiers sav they need cheap labour ' to develop the country.' What think you of the price we have to pay for our development ?' Wiiile we are sipping tea on Lock Sin's balcony, a yell comrs up from the street below. A Chinese fight is on. Ah King, a Chinese scamp, emploved by the city officers, and, in the slang of his Asiatic countrymen, such a spy is called a ghost. Of late this ghost has been too busy, his celestial country men think, even for a paid spy ; and two Asiatics, Who have just come out of jail, are setting on him, one moon-face with a hatchet, the second moon-face with a knife. Ftom every door in the street swarms out a crowd, and in an instant fifty Chinese lanterns heave and drop along the flags. 'Excuse me!' says my escort, and before I can reply, he is gone from my side, King vanishes — like a ghost. Moon-face with the knife escapes, just as my escort swoops into the murderous circle ; but the fellow with the hatchet is arrested on the spot and carried to the city ward. His weapon, when ex amined, proves to be a long blade, sheathed in a layer of fine cloth, so that, in case of a fatal plunge, the blood might have been at once removed, and the stainless knife replaced under the white smock, as clean and innocent in appearance as the soft-eyed Asiatic who had plunged it into his neighbour's heart ! 