OPENING OF THE NEW CATHO- LIC CHURCH, WODONGA, More than twelvemonths have elapsed since the necessity for increased church accommodation impressed itself upon the minds of the Catholics of Wodouga. The old wooden building, erected at a time when Wodouga was still in the earliest stage of existence of an Australian township, had long been found to be inadequate for the requirements of the cougrcguttou, and it was determined that an effort should l»e made to build a church more in accordance with the growing importance of the town, and better fitted to accommodate the Catholics of Wodonga and district. Money was collected, and the erection of a neat unassuming brick edifice was commenced, but before the work was completed funds ran short, and as the committee had insuperable objections to getting into debt, operations were suspended for a time. Fresh efforts were, however, made and, thanks to the liberality of the residents and of friends on the New South Wales side of the Murray, proved so far successful that sufficient fuuds were raised to roof in the building. Ac cordingly a contract was let, but before the work had time to be completed the visitation of the Right Rev. Dr. Crane, Bishop of Sandhurst, to die north-eastern portion of his diocese, caused it to be necessary that the building should be somewhat prematurely used for the purposes for which it is intended. For some days previous to that fixed for the Bishop's visit to Wodonga work was carried on as last as the nature of the weather would permit, and on Saturday the building had been temporarily covered in, preparatory to the formal opening on. Sunday. Contrary to expectation, owing to the prevalence of rain during the week, Sunday proved to be a beautiful day, and fine weather had the effect of causing persons from all parts of the district to visit Wodonga, in order to enjoy the pleasure of listening to a sermon from the Bishop of Sandhurst, whose reputation for piety and eloquence had preceded him. Albury residents also sought Wodonga in considerable numbers. For one day, at least, the table* were turned, as instead of omnibuses leaving Wodonga with worshippers, all kinds of conveyances were put into requisition to bring worshippers from Albury to the southern bank of the Murray. Shortly before 11 o'clock the members, of the local branch of the Hibernian Australian Catholic Benefit Society assembled at the Prince of Wales' Hall, Wodonga, and thence marched to the church, which, before the service commenced, was crowded both in the old and new portions. Moss was celebrated by the Very Rev. Dean Tiernev, the Bishop of Sandhurst and the Very Rev. Dr. M'Alrov, Vicar-General of the Diocese of Gouiburn, being seated on each side, of the altar. The music performed by the choir was Alpcn's Mass in C., and it is sufficient to say that the rendering did justice to the music.* Mr. Alpen presided at the harmonium, and most noticeable amongst the solos was " Regina Coili," which was given by Miss Dwyer with great sweetness and expression. After mass had been celebrated, the Bishop of Sandhurst preached a most eloquent and impressive sermon, taking his text fioni the 103rd Psalm. In his opening remarks the right reverend preacher dealt with the words of the psalm, and in simple yet most impressive language treated of the power and majesty of God as displayed in the creation and government of the universe, and His tender mercy and great lovingkindness as manifested in the wire bestowed on His creatures. Passing on, the preacher said the day on which they had met was that commemorative of the descent of the Holy Ghost on the disciples at Jerusalem ; the anniversary of the establishment of the Church of Jesus Christ. In celebrating that day the Church celebrated its own nativity. Goa had from all eternity foreknown the fall of man, and had formed a plan for his future redemption. God the Son sealed that plan by his blood on Calvaiy. The third person of the* Blessed Trinity completed the work on the day they commemorated by infusing life and spirit into the mythical body of Jesus Christ. Before*the miraculous descent of the Holy Spirit, even the disciples misunderstood or failed altogether to comprehend the nature of the mission of their Divine Master. Like the Jews, they were under the impression that the Messiah would establish a material kingdom, and would surround Jerusalem with more than its ancient glory, and cause it to become the mistress of the world. When their Lord and Master suffered an ignominious death, as He had foretold them, the disciples thought that all hope was gone; they were stunned and amazed, aud when He rose triumphant from the grave, their minds were filled with doubt aud uncertainty. St. Thomas said he would not believe that his Master had risen from the dead until he had felt the print of the nails in His hands and.His feet; aud only when our Divine Lord, filled with com- asaion, permitted him to examine the marks of E[is wounds did he exclaim "My Lord and my, God," all his doubt and uncertainty having been conquered. That was a grand scene on the tenth. day after the ascension when the apostles were gathered together in an upper room in Jerusalem. The Holy Ghost in the form of tongues of fire settled ou each of their heads, and reflected into their hearts the rays of divine love, filling them with power to carry out the divine mission with which they had been entrusted by their Master. Twelve poor fishermen became suddenly enlightened with a knowledge of heavenly truth. In a moment/they were able to discern Hie meaning of ancient prophecies,and able to apply them witli irresistible power. Endowed with miraculous wisdom ia»d eloquence by the descent of the Blessed Spirit, tncy were able to spread abroad the tfilad tidings of salvation, to ^rpdkim the wonders of God, and toexplani the most difficult passages of scripture with a clearness widpteolsUrti that nothing could resist. St Jeter, by his ! first sermon converted 3000 persons, tod by his second sermon 6000 persons, while the other apoatleb were equally successful in proparating the Afeat truths of religion, and leading tVpeopVYj^m darkness into light. The miraculius descent** the Holy Ghost they commemoraUd day, , completed the great work of redemption by en,. , do wing the apostles with power to topak down the kingdom of Satan and to establish in pyery land the Church of Jesus Christ. , M^uyand serious difficulties had to be contended figainst, but filled with the Divine light and truth the apostles were able to overcome them, and.to. set at defiance all the powers ot darkness. Affinal; them were arrayed sages aud philosopher®, learned, in all the learning of the scnools ; legalists and formalists, acquainted with the mysteries of die law; the rich and great, aud all the influence that riches can give : the greatest military power the world ever saw, and the vast authority wielded by that power. Earth and hell were arrayed against them. A hideous system of idolatry was established in every land, excepting Judea, and before the gospel could be spread, the worship of false gods had to be broken aowa, and the evu passions of men, that had given rise to that worship, had to be subdued. But without learning, without riches, without arms, by the Divine light and truth which filled their hearts on the descent ot the Blessed Spirit of God, they were enabled to overthrow the kingdom of Satan, and to establish the religion of Christ. As in the days of the apostles, so in the present age the influence of the Divine Spirit caused the glad tidings of salvation to be preached in every land. The Spirit no longer descended in living tongues of fire, for miraculous power was no longer necessary, as the Church had been firmly established, but it filled the hearts of the successors of the apostles with zeal and holy devotion, and enabled them to carry the gospel into every land. Under the most illustrious Pontiff that ever sat on the throne of St. Peter, the Church was drawing into its fold nations and peoples, and from the rising of the sun to the going down of the same, the gospel was being preached and the glad tidings of salvation proclaimed. In this new land which they had adopted as their own, in which until a few years ago the name of God had never been heara, now—thanks be to Sod the Father, to God the Son, and to God the Holy Ghost—missions were established, and the gospel was preached as in other parts of the world. Churches had been and were being built; schools had been and were being established; and in every part of this immense country the glad tidings of salvation were pro* claimed and children were instructed in the truths of their holy religion. In the church opened on that day, commemorative of the descent of the Holy Ghost on the disciples at Jerusalem, those whom he now addressed would meet to receive the consolations of their holy religion, to offer the sacrifice of humble and Contrite hearts, and to be imbued with the blessings of divine grace, so that they might be fitted for the greater blessings in store for the faithful in the New Jerusalem, From the zeal and devotion they had displayed he felt assured that on his next visit the church in which they bad that day met for the flint time wonld be completed, and would be an ornament to the town in which they lived, as well as a standing proof of their piety and seal for their holy religion. At the close of the sermon the Bishop administered the sacrament of confirmation to forty-two young persons. In a most impressive manner he explained to the postulants the nature of the sacrament, and the obligations it imposed upon those on whom it was conferred. In kind and telling phrase he counselled them as to their conduct in life, and urged upon them the necessity of making their holy religion their sole trust and dependence, so that they might enjoy the blessings of God on earth, and greater blessings hereafter. Offerings to the amount of £45 were collected in aid of the building fund of the church. 