HAUNTED. I From All the Year Round 1 There brooch no shadow o'er these anclen walls, Where the bright roses clamber; As flutily the mellow blackbird calls, As silverly the fountain spirts and falls, ■ ' As when, of old, her face from yonder chamber Looked forth at dewy morning early, While yet the moon, a crescent pale and pearly, Hung low in the blue west, and all the east was amber. There broods no shadow, such as evil times And fallen fortunes summon, cold and grey, Beneath whose shroud creeps the slow ghoul decay, Slow but insatiate. Wild unworded crimes, And nameless sorrows have not pall'd the place, With bodiless gloom, more dread than dark ness' self. The weird, wan-visaged elf, • Solitude, voiceless mate of silence, keeps No endless vigilhere. A ring-dove sleeps, Sun-waimcd, upon the porch. Joy's song is chaunted By happy lips of children all day long. It is a home of peace and summer song; And yet, the place is haunted ! The heart-loved haunts of memory are thronged With gentle ghosts, that chill ua not, nor chide. Once through these flower-pied paths a form did glide, Whose sunny eyes shine happier o'er the years, And brighter through my team. That far-off spring with sweeter birds was song'd Than any summer now, because her voice Sang refrain to all oarols. In my heart The music echoe3 still; oh, heart, rejoice That aught so dear and deathless may have birth In this care-cumbered earth ! Here is the curl she dipt. Its fellows now Show silver 'gainst its sable, yet within All wakes to youth at thought of her. The din Of desperate life of wild and strenuous days, Has never drowned those low, love-burdened lays She sang to meat twilight here. Ah strange ! Was it last even ? Here ? The changeful range Of three long decades shrinks, and lo !' I'm pulse to pulse again with the dim long ago. See, there she glides, her long soft hair un bound, Her lightsome feet scarce pressing the glad ground, More than some dying leaf! Oan tears so quicken sight, and phantoms shape From memory's shadows ? Thee I cannot drape With any veil of age, or garb of grief; So young, so bright, so gay, A denizen of day Thou wert, thou art; not even death hath power To shadow thee. This was thy favorit9 bower, This, this—and still, as ere thine eyes did close, The honeysuckle mingles with the rose, A fcenison on those soft stranger bands That have been tender with this leafy screen ; In what dear visions seen On lonely nights, in far and flowerless lands ! A gentle splrit-tonch i3 on mine eyes, Soft as thy lips were. Should thy wraith nrke Between me and the sun, wert thou more near, Oh darling of my youth, long dead, yet doubly dear! Hauutod ! This garden was her best-loved realm, From lilac time to leaf fall. Branchy elm, Peers not a face between thy leafy low Sward sweeping boughs ? Ah no !. To-day the nodding roses know ho? not. Even the gentle lily hath forgot The gentler hands that tended, long ago, Its buds of breaking snow. Quick Nature holds no memory of the dead Ghosts of slain blossoms, leaves that last year shed, Haunt not her greyest hours. The roses live But for the living, and no fragrance give To parted spirits, though their blossoms wave Above a green and unforgotten grave. Man only lives in memory's ground enchanted ; Only the heart is haunted. 