LETTERS TO THE EDITQR We do 'not hold ourselves responsible for opinitrit ....-.? expressed by our . Corresvondenis. ' : I To the Editor, of the Newcastle Chrtnicle. ... . Sir, — My. letter,', inserted in your paper. of Thursday, has aroused the indignation of Nauti cal men who were not attacked, (beoauoe it is to be presumed, the majority of the captains sailing from this port could pass the examination I pro posed), and nas only in the haste evinced, by the members of the profession to rush into print, ex posed | further ignorance, that is, if the letter signed ' Mother Carey's Chicken' is the pro duotion of a skilled captain., ' - , It is hardly fair that 1 am to be.rouaed from the grave,, after many years rest, to explain the amerence now comenaea tor. . .. ?. 1\. How caii all seas in the Eastern hemisphere be Eastern seas in u Geographical and .Nautical sense? True, seas in that hemisphere are not Western seas ; but put it thus, that a'vosael.was underwrit in Newcastle for a voyage to the East ern Beas, and the Bkipper sailed in her to the Mediterranean, the Black, or Sea of Japan (all in the EaBtern hemisphere), in either of which she waa lost, ' would the underwriters pay ? If ' Mother. Carey's Ohioken' io right they must, because it is an Eastern sea,' But would they j What say the Insurance agents of Nowcaatlq ? \- 2. If you wilt refer to tnapa, laid down on mine or any other plan, yon will Bind, tho Eastern Sons defined and marked, off China about 122 E. Long North Lat 23 to 30, IamnotaaoundiDg'to minutes or seconds, because I am putting the case broadly,' that ' everyone who reads! may. under stand. What called forth my ire was the assertion that the Mauritius was not in the Indian Ocean ; that' the Eastern sea,' and balf- a-dozen other places were syrioniaoiis) arid that this evidence . was given by someone who was put forward by - his brother-professional as a skilled witness. ' Mother Carey' may be a duly-qualified nautical chicken, and in tbat case he would require to study nb mitio the maps of the world, but he may be only a looker-on (like myself when roused from my resting-place), anxious to' shield the illustrious exponent of the assertion that the Indian Ocean figured on no chart. ? If mortal and ghostly ears are evidence, there are plenty of captains who do not agree with the evidence given by the expert on the day referred to. What I say is (and I do not want any discus sion thereon in any Newcastle school) that 1\. The Mauritius is in the Indian Ocean, and nowhere else. 2\. The Eastern Sea is defined off China, and is not the Indian Ocean, . - ?'.' . 3. And that anyone wanting the one has no business with the other. 4\. The ludicrous assertion about the Eastern Hemisphere I need not .answer. Ask an Insur ance Agent, and leave me at peace. THE GHOST OF MERCATOR. 