'/ L£PPO di SANTA MARTA. « — — £ A STORY. (Fbom tee Italian.) Ihavo already moationed that when I arrived at Aapiawall, forty-eight hours had Jhardly elapsed sinco the fatal catastropho we have been speaking of. I may add, that the Government of New Granada had exactly chosen that occasion for sending there a ;'i. i dctatchment of soldiers, I frankly confess a 'hat I have novcr been able to understand % ho Government of New Granada 1 u ld much less the lino of policy, J" it tbinkB proper to adopt, in the 1 adi ainistralion of its railitnry affnirs. That Leii 3 BOi it is very natural I should be igno rant what reasons, cither logical or philan- throp ic, could have induced it to send to Aspbv wall a garrison of Iudian soldiers, at a time t specially, when a conflict waB to bo npprehi mded between an ill disciplined body of men and the citizens, whoso interests, and even prejudices, could not rationally bo overlookc d. I do not undertake to sol ve that problem w ad, therefore, content myself with saying that 'the Government of New Granada thinks it t as, aud, porhaps, really has, very good reasons, - unknown to me, for introducing nrmed forces whenever! the Aspiwnall popu lation is agita. tad by some unforeseen event, whether of a m, rinncholy or chccrfnl charac ter. In IS116, t. horefore, two days after the disaster sonsequo.'it upon the liitro-glycerine explosion, there wit snot a strectiin Aspinwall which was not under the protection or sur veillance of a patrol of soldiers, or at least of a sentry. Whou 1' add that many among tiiat valorous band conducted themselves in a way little calculated to make them respected by those whom they had no i logical mission to protect, and, furthermore, ' that, whilst walking through the town, I could bear moro than one citizen venting their feelings.into imprecations against them, it will not be unreasonable to concludo that the most cordial understanding was far from existing between the troops and tho Aspinwall population Fiiippo'a tavern was situated at tho lower end of tho Btrcet which had been pointed out to me. I entered and found a small estab lishment decent and clean as a Dutch houso hold ; this latter feature far from surprising mo, appeared to me most natural, as I re membered that before his conversion tho adventurer possessed a certain elegance of manners, Filippo was sitting behind the counter, dressed in a white coat, with a broad brim med Panama hat on his head. Although the haughty and ferocious expression of his eyes hod given way to a look of humility which contrasted with the energetic character of his counten ance, pale as ever, yet no doubt could nriso in tho mind of those who had known him, that his conversion was sincere, and that, it was improbable he was playing tho hypocrite. I approached him with outstretched arms and having recognised me lie said : I have much pleasure in seeing you in good health. If that be the enso why do yon not shako hands with mo 1 Because I need not tell you, there was a timo when no ono would have condescended to shake those hands which to this dny, I hare not sufficiently cloanscd, and I shall not allow any ono to press them nntil the Lords has thought me lit to appear before him. May that day soon come I May it soon come ? Mr, .Boylo will you take some liquor J I accepted and having emptied my glass I said to him : I rejoice quite as much as you do, at tho change which has' token place in yon, God in His Mercy — he answered gravely has preserved mo miraoulonsly from death — Do you know why 1 Becauso I was not prepared for death, although human justice had declared me unfit to live. Among tho numerous victimB of the catastropho of two days ago, there was not ono perhaps more ready than I to present himself before His Creator, but God in his wisdom and Infinite mercy thought proper to spare me. All of as, stand in need of Heavens mercy I Bat tell me, nrc there many of your old companions hero i Yes, and when I hear the voice of tho Holy Ghost, X make it my'dnty to speak to them of our mission hero below, and of a hereafter. What besides encourages me in my npostleship, is the fact that those I labor to redeem, listen to mc and that moro sioners than ono follow my counsels and return to to tho path of righteousness. Who knows but what it is because I can save a few souls that God has not hitherto called mo to him. Toll mc frankly Mr Boyle what do you thiuk of it 1 I think, Filippo, that if you have been so groat a sinner ns you Bay you have your lifo lias been preserved that you may repent and have many imitators amongst yonr old com panions. I think your conversion will bo complete and salutary and likewise, that when yonr hour arrives you will have the great sntisfnationjof dying in your bed a respectable citizen of the Town of a As pinwall. No, I shall not die in my bed, be cause that would not be just. In the other world, there are many persons who might say that I was tho cnuse of tlioir violent death and ... Bat what noise is that 1 Whilst we were thus conversing tho ex citement I had noticed whilst walking through the town, had gone on increasing, and when Filippo stopped short threats nod vociferations, over which the cries of a boy prevailed wore beginning to be beard. As the tumult grew wilder, we sallied out to see what was np'nnd Fillippo. as if by instinct, betted tho revolver. Wo were no sooner, in the street, -than wo! found ourselves in the midst of a number of niggers, with three or for "whites amongst them ; tho utmost agitation prevailed in the crowd. Owing to Fiiippo'a old reputation, all mado room for him : Far from being sur prised st this mark of respcot which ap peared to him most natural, ho took no notico of it and, having observed among the crowd Bevcral old companions who hod served under him, he simply asked : What's this noise about 1 Ten or twolvo among tho assemblage pressed around him to inform him of the tumult, and he knew from them that it had arisen under the following circumstances : A mulatto boy was offering oranges for Bale to an officer of tho Garrison from Now Granada, when that personago without accepting or refusing the fruit pre sented to him, began teasing the poor little fruit-boy by prickiog and nipping him about tho body. The helpless but plucky little fellow whoso tongue was well oiled, and who knew the private lifo of bis tormentor, bis family affairs and love scandals, paid him bis own by clatter — clawing him roundly. Goaded to madnees by the repartees of tho spirited Iittlemulatto boy, and determined to take revenge for having been turned into ridicule by the inferior little atom, the officer asked him whether he bad the customary me morandum book to establish his iden tityon him or a permit to go about, but asbo hnd neither, ordered bim to bo marched off to tho guard room by a native soldier, who seized him by the arm with such violence that be made tho poor little fellow scream from sheer pain. At tho boy's cries, his mother rushed out nnd protested against his arrest, but as the officer gave no heed to her remonstrances, other persons joined her and demanded with threats and imprecations, tho boy's instant rcleaso. The tumult was progressing in an alarming degree, and the soldiers were fixing bayoucts, when we arrived, Filippo was, on the spot, appointed referee of the dispute, and, entering seriously upon his functions, he placed his hand . affectionately round the head of the little fellow who had occasioned all this tumult, called his mother to silence and turning round to tho soldiers, - requested them in Spanish to release tho little boy who after all had done no harm to any ono. The soldiers appeared ready to obey, when the officer, believing his authority was set at defiance, by Fillippo's interference, ordered his instant arrest, i The inflnence which a reputation for intre pidity exercises in semi-civilised Booieties is so great, that tho soldiers themselves, who for the most part were indigenous, hesitated in using force against so formidable an anta gonist' Filippo, taking i advantage of their hesitancy, thus spoke to the officer. Listen to me sir ; I am a peaceful man and I spend my lifo happily in training tortoises and in doing ne harm to any one. Listen therefore to what I am about to say. and bear with me while I do so. This boy has done harm to nobody and bo is the son of my old friend Pepe-j it would give mo pain to seo him afflicted with sorrow. Come to my shop, wo shall drink together like good friends and there by avoid a quairel whioh is a thing always disagreeable to the particB involved in it. In the meantime a white man, of lofty statue, who, by dint of great exertions, bad elbowed his way through the crowd, ex claimed: Zounds, what are these accursed Indians doing to my darling littlo Pcpe ? Bcquiot,. bo quiot oid friend — answered Filippo— and Btaiid off while I arrange matters with tho Captain— Sir, 1 beg you agnin to come and have a drink at my tavern, and not to commit any indiscretion. Pcpe'is a hot blooded man, ho loves his son to adoration, and if you do not- restore him his son, yoil may provoke a dis turbance which may have consequences no less serious than those of the explosion which broke out tho dny before yesterday I beg of you not to arrest Pepe and not to excite mo t jyond endurance,. Soldiers exclaimed the Captain, do your dnty, and as for yon fiUibustcrs, be off with you at oacc, Filippo's eyes flashed, when ho saw the soldiers preparing to arreBt Pcpe, Civilised men only fly into a passion gradually, but savages, or those who -have lived voluntarily out of tho pale of society, pass from the utmost qniotude to the most nnoontrolable fury without gradation ; as a rulo oyea which dart out sadden flashes of lightning are always to he feared, Althongh Filippo had not yot cast off tho old man, as St Paul has it, yet ho had sufficient control over himself, to tako old Pepo by tho arm and to conjure him to hold his peace, Whethertho latter would havn succeeded in doing so remained a question, when a fresh yell from his son produced such an effoct upon his father, thattha latter hurled himself npon tho sentry at the guard room to wrest his son from him ; as quickly as lightning the latter, with bis two hands, lifted his gun high above his shonlders, and brought the butt end of it so violently on the old man's head that tho latter foil Ecnscless at his fcot. Filippo drew his revolver out, fired, and in, a few minates, four soldiers foil nronud Pope's body. The soldiers retaliated with a general discharge from the guns and one of their bullets accidentally struck the captain in the arm. This was followed by a nigger making a blow with a knife at a soldier, and then by a soldier bringing down to earth tho nigger and himself afterwards. Not even could Homer's vorse, appropri ately described tho incidents of that m&lfts;, in which took part, about forty persons, com prising Indians, soldiers, niggers, mulattos and whites, all thirsting for blood nnd wounding and slashing right and left, like so many demons. The most extraordinary actor in that de plorable drama. was Filippo himself. After having discharged all the clinmbcrs of his revolver, ho remained erect ns one in ecstasy, Then suddenly, as if wnking from a dream, he threw his revolver away ond, burling him self in tho midst of tho combatants, he . Bhonted out ; — Stop 1 For heaven's sake stop I Lord, Lord what a slaughter I Stop if you value your souls' salvation | Hiram my son, be qniet 1 Jack, fire no more I aud all of you lay down your arms I It is I, Filippo, tho Scourgoof Death, who conjure you ; I who have never fled before an antagonist. Down with your nrrns, Stop ! 0 Lord God I They do not hear me, and it is I who am the cause of all this butchery. Brothers, friends, if you do not cease hack ing one another down, I shall- go to Hell outright. ... Ah i . , . I am undone, ... ' (To tc conlinvcd.) If tliis should meet the eye -of John Smith, ho will hear something to his disad vantage," as the man said to his fist. CAUTION.—" Iii-F.-fs Cocoa— Gbatesol aud CoHroBTiNo M-.do uimply with boiling water or muk. Each tin lined packet or soldered tin, soldered tin Jib aud l b, aro always to bs labelled for oxport ) to bo p.onulno must bs ' . labelled thus: — "James Ki'ps and Co, Hornm- pathio Chemists. 4 Bj Tbroadnoedlo-strcet. and ' 170 Picadilly worko. LustonRoad andg Camde London." Epra's Cocoa. — Gratefit assl Comforting. —By a thorough knouledbo of the .-atural laws, which, govern the operations of digestion and iiutrition, and by a careful a plication of the nne properties f woll-solooti .4 cocoa, Mr lipps has provided our brakf-icc tables with a deli cately fiavonrod borcrago which may save us many heavy doctors' bills. jt is by the judicious use of such ar iclcjof diotthat a constitution may bo gradually built. n;> until strong enongh to resist ovorv tocdanevto disearo hundreds of eubtlo maladies arc L'satii.g around us, ready to attack wberovrr thor,. is a weak point. We may csoapomany a fatal skate by keeping on:- solves woll fortified with pure blood and a properly nourished frame.— Civil 'orvioo Uarette. 