THE MERCURY. TUESDAY MORNING, MARCH7,1S7G. Somehow the Hobart Town Marine Board is not a popular institution. Various influences tend to the disfavour in which it is held. One of these is the evidently high opinion it entertains of itself. It affects the ne plus ultra of dignity and daintiness. We suppose' it dis- charges its t duty according to the light that is in it but the luminosity thereof does not startle, or even command the deference of the public that is unreasonable enough to ask that these " grave and reverend seigniors, being a public body, with duties to discharge to the public, and entrusted with the expenditure of considerable sums of public money, should conduct their business in presence of the public, and subject, i like any other similar body, to public criticism. The Marine Board of Hobart Town despises such a commonplace existence. It prefers to bask in its own self-satisfaction ; mid shutting itself up against reproof, what wonder if it fails to maintain sympathy with an outside public. It steels itself against public opinion, and thus wilfully refuses the ordinary means of instruction. The public, shut out from all knowledge of the reasons that guide it, only knows it in its decisions, and as these frequently fail to approve themselves to the good sense of the public, a general feeling of dissatisfaction is the inevitable consequence. We might point to the example of the Launceston Board. But to what purpose? Their mightinesses of the Derwent look down on the inmates of the Tamar as mere provincials from whom to take a lesson would be to incur voluntary humiliation. Nay, rather, should not the Launceston Board take example from the metropolitan institution, and show their emancipation from low prejudices, by ignoring those pests of genteel officialdom, prying reporters and an impertinent Press that will not put up with being told what big folks think sufficient for the edification of the profannm vulgus. Besides, the Launceston Board has not so much public money at its disposal as has the Hobart Town body, has not so much business to discharge, and therefore has not the same reason for protecting itself against the unpleasantness of adverse criticism. The old Board was gathered to the fathers of effete incorporations, because, diving within itself, not mixing with the outside world, and receiving ' none of the nutriment of public opinion, it was suffering the last stages of sheer inanition, and when it yielded up the ghost, there were none to do it reverence The public looked forward to a more satisfactory management of its harbour and lighting business, because it trusted that the Board that was to rise from the ashes of the defunct body would be more in accord with the spirit of the ago. But, alas ! for the rash hopes built upon the good intentions of an in- decisive Government. Ministers may have I meant well, but if they really desired that the new Marine Board should serve the purposes of its institution, they should, in constituting it have provided that its business should be done in presence of the public, and subject to that guarantee for efficiency and impartiality which publicity can alone secure. Ministers neglected this, or, perhaps rather they trusted too much to a sense of propriety guiding the new men and the consequence has been that the new Board is certainly no improvement on the old. There is the same absence of publicity, the same rough-shod manner of dealing with the public, but without the counteracting safeguards afforded in the long experience, the thorough ê familiarity with details, and the sense of personal responsibility and duty, that distinguished Captain Tonkin's master warden ship. The special fitness of the present Master Warden, Admiral Biknahd, we [weienotin a position to judge of at the time of his appointment, and we were content to believe that the Government had satisfied themselves on the point. But we must say that we had some I misgivings, not so much of the individual and his abilities as of his antecedents. The training that was fitted to load our Master Warden to almost the highest honour which the navy of England can bestow, is hardly that which we should prescribe for qualifying one to discharge the multifarious duties of master warden of such a port as Hobart. 'In the former, to command was to exact implicit obedience. There was no hesitation allowed, no qualified obedience, no arguing the point. To have allowed such latitude would have been subversive of that strict discipline which is an essential in the army and navy, As a commander, Admiral Barnard had willing hearts and ready eyes obeying the slightest order. Even a nod or a gestu'reprouúred implicit obedience. How different this from the duties to be discharged as master warden. Here there is, perhaps at times, a too great inclination on the port of those connected with the shipping to assert their independence They will have their rights occasionally, more for the purpose of asserting them than for their value 3 and thus the good government of the port is only to be maintained by mutual concussion and- forbearance by giving and taking a by, in a word, just the very reverse of the line of procedure that makes an efficient naval commander. And in this way also we can account for the little thought paid to considera- tions of publicity ; not that we believe Admiral Barnard, as Master Warden, has any positive objection to the press being present at meetings of the body over whom he presides, but because the idea of any public report of his previous official duties never having even suggested itself to the most levelling radical, he probably fails to attach the importance to publicity of even minor matters which a British community considers indispensable in the discharge of civil functions. We have been led into making these remarks by a letter which appears in another column from one of the principal shipowners of the port, who if he has done as much as anyone to promote and extend the trade of the port, appears to have received but scant consideration at the hands of the Marine Board and its officers. In fact he himself says he has not even received civility, a commodity that costs so little that it is astonishing officials, if they can give nothing else, are not more liberal in its use, Mr, McGregor's statement and the correspondence he publishes, speak so distinctly for themselves that little is left for us beyond demanding that the trade of the port be not hampered nor obstructed by the action of the body whose special duty it is to foster and encourage it. Several thoughts, however, suggest themselves, and these we are able to say are generally participated in by the shipping interest, by even those to whom Marine Board favour or good luck has dealt most bountifully than to Mr. McGregor. Judging from the dog-in- the-manger policy of the Board in refusing the use of a vacant berth, we ask what is the use of the wharfs I Certainly not for promenading purposes, or merely to look clean and tidy. If the convenience of shippers is an element with the Board, why should ships be put to such inconvenience and annoyance as was the Hally Bayley and the Isle of France with its little wood-craft tender 1 Were there any necessity for a wrangling for berths consequent on the exigencies of the trade of the port we mistake Mr. McGregor if he would not be too pleased to give place to others, and put up with necessary individual inconvenience and cost. But while there was plenty of vacant accommodation he had a right to the use of that which was most convenient for him, which Constitution Dock with its small draught of water and a deeply laden vessel was not. Mr. McGregor, and the same applies to other local shipowners, receives no advantage from the services of the Harbour Master and his crew, yet he every few weeks pays the same < dues according to tonnage which more favoured vessels requiring much extra attention pay but once a year. He seeks no preference over these, but he asks equal justice. And this he is not able to get so long as the Master Warden and the officers of the Board play, as they did in Mr. McGregor's case, a game of battledore and shuttlecock with their responsibilities and duties. The Wharfinger referred Mr. McGregor to the Harbour Master, the Harbour Master to the Master Warden, who at first took it on him to act, but when pressed for a more common-sense decision referred Mr. McGregor back again to the Harbour Master and in this aggravated ' system of red-tapeism valuable time was lost in I ceding at last what should have been ceded at once, but would not have been granted at all but for the importunity of the shipowner. In the other case the Master Warden, who Mr. | McGregor regarded as the source of all the obstruction given, took shelter in saying he would not interfere with the duties of the Harbour Master. How far the Board itself is prepared to deal fearlessly and independently with its duty may be gathered from the fact that when Mr. McGregor asked an explanation why two days had been wasted before he could get a berth for discharging his vessel, though there was vacant accommodation at the New Wharf, instead of obtaining the required explanation of the delay he received a disquisition on the duties of the Harbour Master. To have sent him a copy of the Marine Board Act, and referred him to the terms of it, would have been an equally pertinent reply. One other interest deserves a passing consideration. The loss to the owner of the barge or craft that acted as a sort of tender to the Isle of France appears not to have been thought worthy a moment's i consideration on the part of the Marine Board and its officers. Yet the owners of such vessels are peculiarly exposed to hardship by any display of official interference or perish obstructions. They work and are paid by the trip, and as several of them can make two trips in a week the detention of the barge Alfred and Lizzie from Port Esperance, waiting the arrangement of the difficulty between Mr. McGregor and the Board, was equal to fining them in the sum they could obtain for a trip. Similar unnecessary deten- tion on the part of the Board and its Officers is a cause of frequent complaint among the owners of barges and small craft, who, as they are less able to take their own part against oppression than are Mr. McGregor, and such as he, should receive all the more tender consideration on the part of the Board. _ The craftsmen are a hard working and industrious set of men, and time is to them money. Therefore ought they not to I be deprived of an hour of the former if there is that all a possibility of avoiding it. The English Mail -The Sumatra has made a fine passage from Adelaide to Melbourne. She was sighted off Cape Otway at 3 yesterday morning, and I passed Port Phillip Heads at 9. She was there placed in quarantine, with the passengers and crew, but the mails, after having been fumigated, were landed, and the Tasmanian portion despatched by the Tamar, which cleared Port Phillip Heads last evening at 745, sufficiently early to enable her to reach Launceston to-day in time to despatch the < Hobart Town mail by the coach, which leaves at (Upon., reaching the Post Office at 8 a.m. to-morrow morning. The delivery here will thus be a day in advance of contract time. Hobart Town Savings Bank The half-yearly meeting of managers was held yesterday, at the bank premises, Murray-street. The accounts showed that the amount to the credit of depositors is £207,241 12s. 2d. ; ditto to reserve fund, £24,875 9s. 2d. ; ditto profit and loss, £2,253 3s. 6d. ; making the total liabilities on the 29th February last, £234,370 4s. 10d. The following items comprise the assets Amount lent on mortgage, £83,731 ; Government debentures, £107,400 ;' interest due on loans and debentures, £2,943 8s. 6d. ; insurance due on loans, £33 19s. 6d. ; ' bank premises, £1,200 ; cash deposited in Hobart Town banks and on hand, £39,05G 10s. 10d. The total 1 amount received from depositors during last half year was £54,734 7s. 1d., and the total repayments, £50,021 11s. 4d. The number of accounts opened during the half-year was 008, and closed 414, the total number of accounts being (671- The Executive Committee for the current half-year is composed of the following gentlemen Messrs. W Crosby, T. Giblin, A. Kennerley, Askin Morrison, C. M. Maxwell, and J. W. Woolley. Tub School Inspectors. The Board of Education met yesterday, and adopted an answer to the government memo., in which the Board adhere to their nominations designating the gentlemen named as " exceptionally well qualified for the duties required ; no great compliment to the other 41 candidates, considering the opinion expressed by the Board itself of one of the two, and now standing I recorded on the Board's own Minute Book. We fear the Board, like the lady, " protests too much." City Police Court.-At the Police Court yesterday a lad named George Stanley was brought upon a charge of stealing walnuts from the garden of Mr. Robert Walker. The prosecutor not wishing to press the case, the charge was withdrawn. Three men were lined To. each, with the alternative of seven days' imprisonment, two of them for being drunk in the public street, and the other for using obscene language. The Mayor was the presiding magistrate. Mrs. Bennett Released. Catherine Bennett who was sentenced on the 25th ult. to 14 days' imprisonment at the City Police Court for using 1 abusive language was released on bail yesterday, pending the result of the appeal against the sentence to the Court of General Sessions. Found Insensible. - The Bridgewater police conveyed a man named Joseph Cooper to the Hospital yesterday morning. He had been found in an insensible condition in the yard of James' public-house, at North Bridgewater, on Saturday night. He was still in the same state last evening. Sudden Death An old woman named Caroline Baldwin was' found dead in her bed between seven and eight o'clock yesterday morning at a lodging house in Campbell-street kept by a Mrs. Mooney. Dr. Macfarlane was called in, but he pronounced life to be extinct. An inquest will be held on the body to-day. Rescue of a^risonrk.-On Sunday night, about ten o'clock, Constable Rennie arrested a man named John Morey for disturbing the peace in Liverpool street. Whilst the constable was marching his man to the watchhouse, a crowd gathered round, and so impeded his efforts that Morey - escaped at the | corner of Argyle and Liverpool-streets. A warrant has been issued for his arrest, but up to a late hour last night it had not been executed. Bush Fires Several bush fires were noticed on the sides of Mount Wellington yesterday. About noon a dense column of smoke was to be seen rising from a fire apparently close to the Springs, and at night the lurid glare showed that it had obtained a good hold of the dry timber in the vicinity. A little higher up the mountain another line of fire was observable but it did not seem to cover such a large tract of ground. Prince of Wales's Marriage Day It is announced that the banks in Hobart Town will be closed on Friday next, the 10th Inst, in commemoration of the marriage of the Prince of Wales. Tasmanian Main Line Railway It is notified that an excursion train will leave Hobart Town at 10.30 a.m., on Friday next, for Jerusalem, calling at all stations and sidings. The train will return from Jerusalem at 430 p.m., arriving in Hobart Town at "'15. Full particulars appear in another column. The Sikander Monarchist is notified that the Monarch will leave Hobart Town for New Norfolk, at 3.30 p.m., to-morrow, (Wednesday), and New Norfolk on Thursday morning, at 7.30 are, re- suming her regular trips from Hobart Town at 2 p.m. on Saturday. St. Patrick's Society Athletic Sports In connection with the athletic sports to be held on the Association Cricket Ground, on St. Patrick's Day, it is notified that entries for the champion handicap race must be forwarded to Mr. M. J. Hoare, secretary, on or before the 15th inst. Ragged School Association. -The treasurer acknowledges in another column a donation of £5, from "A Visitor." Held Over We are obliged to hold over the very) letters, local paragraphs, aqdjiateiuoloiual Mire. ~ City Council Some important documents were brought up at the meeting of the City Council yesterday. A special report from tbe1iLightih%*Com-y mittee gave some valuable information respecting the supply of gas in Brisbane, and the committee recommended the subject of establishing Corpora- tion Gas Works in Hobart Town" to" the earnest consideration of the Council. A report from the Health Committee respecting the action taken on Dr. Hall's suggestions is exceedingly vague, as it enters into no detail of any kind. If this is the kind of report that the committee are to submit quarterly, they might save themselves the trouble of preparing it for the future. A report from the Director of Waterworks respecting the water supply will be found to contain some interesting information. A list of the public works proposed to be executed during this year was laid on the table, and it will be seen that some very necessary works are included. The scheme will be considered at the next meeting, but it is not likely that any important alterations will be made. It was resolved, very wisely we think, to at once clear the bed of the rivulet of the large quantity of refuse that has been deposited there but we very much doubt whether the sum of £75 will be sufficient for that purpose. It is intended that this work shall be done every year, and in that way considerable expense will be saved. The female searcher at the police station, Mrs. McKenzie, was dismissed for misconduct, and it was, ordered that applications be invited from persons desirous of filling the vacancy. Tasmanian Racing Club By reference to our advertising columns it will be seen that the programme for the Queen's birthday meeting at Elwick, has undergone judicious alteration. Instead of the Hack Race heading the list of the day's sports it has been placed fourth on the programme. The first race will be a Maiden Plate, a sweepstake of 3 sovs. each, h. ft., and 25 sovs. added, for two years old and upwards. Weight for age Distance, once round. Nominations £1. The order of the other races, as previously published, has been slightly altered. Oatlands Backs. The handicaps for the Oatlands handicap, steeplechase, and hurdle race will be found in another column. Acceptances must be made on Wednesday, March 15th, before 4 p.m. The races will be held on the 22nd and 23rd Hist. Green Ponds Races The acceptances for the Cup and Hurdle Race, to be held on the 17th inst., appear in another column. Talleyrand has accepted j 1 for both events. I I Port Cygnet Regatta.- Entries for the various events to be contested in the 10th inst., will be received at Lloyd's (McDoncll'g) Hotel, corner of Argyle and Morrison-street, Hobart Town, till eight o'clock on Thursday evening. :- /r ;-- ?. 1 I Baker's Royal Hibernicok -It will be seen by an announcement in another column that Bakers Royal Hibernicon Company will open at the Theatre Royal on Monday evening next, the 13th inst. The company is altogether distinct from, | and independent of, either the Hibernia or 1 Hibernicon troupe which have recently appeared in Hobart Town. Mr. Baker's company, consists of first-class artistes, including Mrs. Baker, who has earned a reputation for her rendering of Irish ballads. The scenes, incidents, and dialogues are exclusively Irish. Mr. Baker was at one time English tenor in Paris Rose's Opera Company, at New York. The business management is transacted by Mr. H. J. Whittington, who is well known in Hobart Town in his connection with I Lyster's Opera Company. Scamander River. This river, which runs into the sea on the East Coast, just above Falmouth, is an excellent fishing-ground for anglers-the fish rising readily to a bait of mutton. Here are very fine mullet, chad, bream, and eeU. A reverend gentleman, who officiates in the neighbourhood, recently went up there, and being noticed by a friend to be carrying a large two-handled basket, and a fish bag, his friend remarked that he seemed to be expecting sport, on which the young clericus observed that he would bring both back bream (brim) fall. From 6 to 7 dozen fine fish usually reward half a day's' angling in the Scamander. Tall Oats. Yesterday we received from the Messrs. Greenlaw, of Oatlands, a parcel containing a sample of oats, just cat out of the field, grown by them. The stalks measure over eight feet, an extraordinary height for grain to grow, even in Tasmania. The grain itself is of first-class quality, as might be expected, when it is remembered that the Messrs. Greenlaw have for years taken prizes at the Melton Mowbray, Richmond, and other shows for exhibits of their oats. The straw resembles small canes. Bible Society. Lectures in connection with the above named society will be delivered as under Sorell, this evening ; Richmond, to-morrow (Wednesday) the 8th and Geeves Town, on Thursday, the 9th. The subject on each occasion will be " The Bible in Madagascar." The Royal Society.--The ordinary monthly evening meeting of the society will be held at the Museum, at half-past 7 o'clock, on Tuesday the 14th inst. A special meeting will be held subsequently for the purpose of revising certain rules. United Missionary Meeting. - An united meeting in connection with the New Hebrides Mission will be held in St. John's Church, Macquarie-street, at half- past seven o'clock this evening. The Rev. J. Paton, who has so well identified himself with the mission, will narrate interesting details respecting the missionary enterprise in the South Seas, and also of the work accomplished by the mission vessel Dayspring The Rev. Dr. Nicolson will preside. On the 12th inst. special missionary services will be conducted by Mr. Paton in Chalmers's Church at 11 a.m., and at St. Andrew's Church, at 6 30 p.m. On the same date an united children's service will be held at the Town Hall at 3 p.m. St. George's Church, Battery Point. Service s will be conducted at the above- named church at 7 30 p.m. to-morrow (Wednesday), Thursday, and Friday evenings. The Rev. H. B. Macartney, B.A of Melbourne, will preach each evening. Ancient Order of Foresters The members of the Court Pride of Tasmania will celebrate their sixth anniversary by a soiree and select ball at the Town Hall, on Thursday, the 16th inst. The entertainment will be under the patronage of Sir James Milne Wilson. Deutith's full band will be in attendance, i Manchester Unity Hall Company's general meeting of members favourable to the formation of a hall company will be held in the Hobart Town District Chambers at 7 30 to-morrow evening, j ; Good Templars - The usual quarterly "ted meeting in connection with the Haste to the Rescue Lodge will he held at the Alliance Rooms at seven 4 o'clock this evening. Tasmanian Fire-The Melbourne A team of Wednesday says : " Some two tons and a half of pure tin was on view at Messrs. James M'Ewan and Co's store yesterday. It came from the Stanhope Company's mine, near Mount Bischoff, Tasmania, and is the product of the first smelting that has taken place on the claim." The Late Mr. Char es Gill Our obituary notices of yesterday recorded the death of Mr. Charles Gill, during a hurricane at Exmouth Gulf, Western Australia, on the 24th of last December. The deceased gentleman was second son of the late Mr. James Gill solicitor, of this city, and brother of Mr. J. W. Gill, solicitor, Stone Buildings. The Perth Inquirer of the 26th of January publishes the following particulars respecting the hurricane : " Intelligence of a hurricane of a terribly disastrous and fatal nature has just been received from the North West Settlement. The Na Malone, an American schooner, which arrived at Freemantle from Port Walcott a few days ago, brought the news that a violent and destructive gale, amount- ing to a hurricane, suddenly commenced to blow over Exmouth Gulf on Wednesday evening, the 29th December, continuing, with unabated fury until midnight on the following Friday, and causing great destruction of life and property. One of the first vessels to part her chains was the Wild Wave, a well-known craft formerly engaged in the coasting trade, but which had recently been purchased by Mr. Gill for the pearl fisheries. Having parted one chain, her only remaining one was found to be utterly useless in the face of a terrific gale that speedily lashed the sea in the gulf into one sheet of rolling surf. The vessel became unmanageable and was driven on a reef or bank, where she sank immediately. There were four white men on board, and twenty-seven aboriginal natives, all of whom, with the exception of one white, a man named Kennington, were drowned. Kennington and the owner, Mr. Gill, clung to the masthead for several hours, and the former was picked upon the beach next morning insensible. Restoratives were promptly used, and after remaining delirious for three days, the rescued man began to recover. Poor GUI, after clinging to the mast for some hours, found that his strength was failing, and having shaken hands with his companion in distress, he dropped into the seething surge, where he immediately perished. The Lily of the Lake (Captain Long), belonging to Mr. Owston, also parted one of her cables, and slipping the other she ran for shelter to the Bay of Rest, where she was capsized, and went down head foremost, with all on board, before anything could be done to save them. She had about 25 Malays and four whites on board, all of whom, including the master, Captain Long, immediately perished. The pearler, B'ossnin, was also swamped and her crew lost ; other boats are likewise reported missing. The catastrophe created intense excitement among the spectators who had assembled on shore, but so violent was the storm that no assistance could be rendered to the ill fated crews who perished. The Suhahani was driven ashore, but all on board were saved. The schooner Agnes from Fremantle, arrived at Exmouth Gulf under jury masts, having miraculously escaped foundering off the coast. Owing to the suddenness of the storm fears are entertained for the safety of many other vessels on the coast, and the arrival of further intelligence from the settlement is awaited with inter se anxiety." 