THE CENTENNIAL EXHIBITION AT PHILADELPHIA. OPENING CEREMONIES. [From our Special Correspondents.] Sacramento, Cal., May 11. The Centennial Exhibition at Phila- <*> delphia! These words are in everybody's mouth to-day, and, indeed, have been for the past six months. Yesterday the grandest collection of exhibits from all parts of the world—from nations civilised and uncivi lised; from Europe, Asia, Africa, Auc txalia, and A—?>fo*; from the oldest of nations, and from the youngest—ever brought together on the face of the globe was opened in Philadelphia. The day had been declared a legal holiday* and the law was obeyed. Ibis city, the capital of California, was gaSy dressed in bunting, the people had a happy aad joyous ex pression on their faces, and, altogether, the most superficial observer could easily have seen that something extraordinary was going on. The doors of the Exhibi tion were promptly opened at 9 o'clock on Wednesday morning. The weather was warm, but not oppressively so, and the greatest good humor appeared to prevail amongst the crowd. At U o'clock precisely the President, accompanied by Governor Hartxauftfof Pennsylvania), General Hawley, the Hon. D. J. MorriU, Means. Welch and Ocsheta, proceeded to the platform, which was erected in front of the Memorial HalL He was escorted to the grounds by a division of military under the com mand of General Hawley. The Emperor of Brazil, tie only foreign monarch pre ?ent, was loudly cheered as he took his seat on the platform. The ceremonies had commenced at 10*15 by the perfor mance by the band of the national airs of all nations, our own grand National Anthem amongst the rest. Wagner's Centennial Inauguration March was then performed by the orchestra, at the con clusion of which Bishop Simpson offered cql the following prayer, during the ren dering of which the majority of the vast amenwla^ stood withmieov?red heads:— Almighty and everlasting God, our Heavenly Father, heaven is Thy throne and the earth is Thy footatooL Before Thy majeatr and holmflss angels veil their faces, and the spirits of ibe just made perfect bow in humble adoration. Thou art the creator of all the preserver of all that exists, whether they be thrones or dominions, or prindpali- ; ties, for powers. The minute and the vast atoms alike attest the übiquity of Thy presence, and the omnipotence of Thy wway. Thou alone art the sovereign nderof nations; thatraiaetiiupxHwand casteth down another, and Thou givest the kingdoms of the world to whomsoever Thou wul. The past with all its reoord i* the unfolding of Thy counsels aad the realization of Thy geand designs. We hail Thee as our rightful ruler—4&e; King Sternal, immortal and invincible—the only true God—blessed for evermore. "We come in this glad day, oh! Thou God of oar fathers, unto these Oonits with thanksgiving, and these gates with praise. We bless Thee for Thy bountiful good ness in the past; for the land Thou garest to our fathers—a land veiled for ages from the ancient world, bnt revealed in fulness of time to Thy chosen people, whom Thou didst lead by Thine own right hand through the billows of the deep ; a land of va?t extent, of towering mountains aud broad plains, of unnum bered products and of untold treasurei We thank Thee for the fathers of our countrymen, of mind and might, who endured privations and sacrifices, who braved multiplied dangers rather than defile their consciences or be untrue to their God—men who laid on the broad foundation of truth and justice the grand structure of civil freedom. We] "prai?e Thee for the closing century; for the founders of the Republic; for the immortal Washington, his grand associates; for the wisdom with which they planned, and the firmness and heroism which under Thy blessing led them to triumphant success. Thou wast their shield in hours of danger; their pillar of cloud by day, and their pillar of fire by night. May we, their sons, walk in their footsteps, and imitate their vir tues. We thank Thee for social and national prosperity and progress; for laudable discoveries and multiplied inven tions and labor saving machinery, re lieving the toiling masses; for schools, free as the morning light; for the mil lions of the rising generation; for books and periodicals scattered like the leaves of autumn over the land; for arts and science ; for freedom to worship God ac cording to the dictates of conscience; for a Church unfettered by trammels of State. Bless, we pray Thee, the Presi dent of the United States and bis consti tutional advisers; the Judges of the Supreme Court; the Senators and Repre sentatives in Congress ; the Governors of our several commonwealths; the officers of the army and navy, and all who are in official position throughout our land. Guide them, we pray Thee, with the counsel of wisdom, and may they ever rule in righteousness. We ask Thy bless ing to test upon the President and mem bers of the Centennial Commission, and upon those associated with them in the various departments, who have labored long and earnestly, amidst anxieties and difficulties, for ike success of these enter prises. May Thy special blessing oh! thbn God of all the nations of the earth, rest upon our national guests—our visi on from distant lands. We welcome them to our shores and we rejoice in their preseaee among us, whether they represent thrones, or culture, or re search • or whether they come to ex hibit the triumph of genius and art in the development of industry —in the progress of civilisation. Preserve them, we beseech Thee, in health and safety, and in due time may they be wel oomed by loved ones again to their own, their native lands. Let Thy blessing rest richly on the Centennial Celebration. May the lives and health of all interested be precious in Thy sight. Preside in its assemblies. Grant that this association in its efforts may bind more closely to gether every part of our Great Jtepublic, so that our Union may be perpetual and indissoluble. Let its influence draw the nations of the oarth into a happier unity hereafter; we pray Thee; may all dis puted questions be settled by arbitra tion, and not by the sword, and may wan for ever cease among the sons of men. May the new century be bettor titan the past—more radiant with the light of the true philosophy, warmer with the anima tion of world-wide sympathy. May capi tal, genius, and labor be freed from all antagonism by the establishment and ap plication of such principles of justice and equality as shall reconcile diversified In terests and bind in imperishable bonds all parts of society. We pray Thy bene diction especially on the women of Ame rica, who for the first time in the history of our nee take so conspicuous a place in a national celebration. - May the light of their intelligence, purity, and enter prise shed its teams afar in distant lands, that their sisters may realise the glory of Christian Freedom and elevation. We beseech Thee, Almighty Father, that our beloved Republic may be strengthened in every element of tone greatness until her mission is accomplished by presenting to the world an illustration of the happiness of a free State, under laws of their own enactment, and under rulers of their own selection, acknowledging supreme allegi ance only to the King of Kings and Lord of Lords. And as Thou didst give to one of its illustrious sons first to draw ex perimentally the electric spark from hea ven, which has since girdled the globe in its {celestial whispers of "Glory to God in the highest; peace on earth, and good will to men," so to the latest time may the mission of America, under divine in spiration, be one of affection, brother hood, and love for all our race; and may the coming centuries be filled with the glory of our Christian civilization; and unto Thee, our Father, through Him whose title is the Light of Men, will we ascribe glory and praise, now and for evermore. Amen. At the conclusion of Bishop Simpson's prayer J. G. Whittierb hymn, written for the occasion, was sung with grand effect, oilfaiting loud applause:— Our fanes' God, from out whew hand The oanturles fall Uk? gnlns of aand— We meet to-day Halted, free. And loyal to enr land aad Thee— To thank Tfaee for the en done, And tnist Thee for the opening one. Here, where of old by Thy design Tha f attar spake that word of Thine, Whose eoho la the glad refrain Of reoded bolt, and f?Ulnc chain, To grace oar festal lime, from all The canes of earth our gnesti we call. Be wttk at, whtte the New World greets The Old World, thronging all Its atreeta Unveiling all the triumphs won, By art or toil beneath the ran, Unto one common good, ordain Thk rivalry of band and brain. Thou, who hut here In oonoord faded The war flag* of a gathered world, Beneath our western aides, fulfil The Orient"a minion of good will, And, freighted with lore's golden fleece, Send back the Argonauts of peaoe. For art and labor meet intones, For heastj-isade tfee bdde of nae— We thank Thee, while withal we crave The austere virtues, strong to save. The honor, proof to plaae or gold. The manhood never bought nor sold G make Thou us through centuries long, In peace aeoure, in justice strong: Around our gift of freedom draw The safeguards < f Thy rigbteous law, And, east in aome diviner mould, Let the new cycle shame the old. Mr. Jock Welch, Chairman of the Centennial Board of Finance, then ad dressed the President of the Commission as followB:—Mr. President and Gentle men of the United States Centennial Commission—ln the presence of the Government of the United States and of the several distinguished bodies by whom we are surrounded, and on behalf of the j Centennial Board of Finance, I greet you : in readiness at the appointed time. I have the honor to announce to you that under your supervision and in accordance j with the plans fixed and established by you, we have erected a building belong ing to the United "States, and have made all arrangements devolving on us neces sary for the opening of the International Exhibition. We hereby now formally appropriate them for their intended occu pation, and we hold ourselves ready .to make all further arrangements that may be needed for carrying into fall and complete effect all the requirements of the Acts of Congress relating to the Exhibition. For a like purpose we also appropriate buildings belonging to the State of Pennsylvania and City ?f Phila delphia erected by the United States at their bidding, to wit—Memorial Hall, Machinery Hall, and Horticultural HalL These and other substantial offerings stand as evidence of their patriotic co-operation. To the United States of America, through Congress, we are in debted for the aid which crowned our success. In addition to those to which 1 have just referred, there are other beau tifcl and convenient edifices which have been erected by representatives of foreign nations, by State authority and by indi viduals, which are also devoted to the purposes of the exhibition. Ladies aad Gentlemen, if in the past we have met with disappointments, difficulties, and I trials, they have been overcome by the; consciousness that no sacrifice can be too great which is made to honor the memo ries of those who brought our nation into being. This commemoration of events of 1776 excites our present gratitude. The assemblage here to-day of so many foreign representatives uniting with us in this reverential tribute is our reward. We congratulate you on Hh6 occurrences of this day. Many of the nations have gathered here in peaceful competition. Each may profit by the competition; each may profit by the association. This exhi bition is but a school. The more thoroughly its lessons are learned the greater will be the gain when it shall have closed. If by that study the nations engaged in it shsll have learned respect for each other, then it may be hoped that the veneration of Him who rules on high will become universal, and the angels* <song once more be heard—"Gloryto GW. in the Highest, and on Earth Peaoe, and Good Will towards Men." (Loud eheem.) General Hawle? arose, and said that the President of the Centennial Commis sion accepted the great trust confided by the Board of Finance. The following Cantata by Sydney Lanier, of Georgia, was given by the orchestra:— IBM OCHTENSIAL HSDIXAIIOn' OF COLUMBIA. Frwaa^hundredtenaoad height ? Sight more large with nobler light Basra down yon towering yean { Humbler smiles and lordlier tears Shine *nd fan, shine and fall, While old voioea rise and call Tender where the to and-fro Weltering of my Long-ago Moves about the moveless baa* Far below my rcstlng-plaoe. n. Jtfayfiower, Mayflower, alowly hither nybtgi Trembling westward ocr yon balking sea, Hearts within Farewell, dear England, sighing Winds without but dear in vain replying, Gray-lipp'd waves about thee snouted, orylng No! It shall not be! m, Jamestown, out of thee— Flymeuth, thea—taea—Albany- Winter cries, Ye {rearo: awaj ! Fever cries, Te burn: away! Hunger ories, Te starve: away! Vengeanoe cries, Tour graves shall stay Tf, Taen old ?3?pea and Masks of Things, Framed like Faitbs or clothed like Kings- Ghosts of Goods once flsshed and fair, Grown foul Bads in alien air- War, and hia moat noisy lords, Tongued with lithe and poisoned swordt— Error, Terror, Bage and Orime, All In a windy night of time Cried to me from land and sea, Ho! Thou ahalt not be! V. Hark! Huguenots whispering yea in the dark, Puritans answering yea In the dark! Tea, like an arrow shot true to hia m?rk. Darts through the tyrannous heart of Denial, Patience, and Labor, and aolsmn-souled Trial, Foiled, atill beginning. Soiled, but not sinning, -Tell through ahe aterteroaa death of the Night, Toil when wild brother.wars new-dark the light, ToU, and forgive, aad kiss o'er, and replight, Tt. Now Praise to Qod'? oft-granted grace, Now Pralae to Han's undaunted face, Despite the land, despite the sea, I was: lam: and I shall be— How long, Good Angel, O how long • Sing me from heaven a man's own song! vn. " Long as thine Art shall love true low, Long as thy Science truth shall know. Long as thine Eagle harms no Dove, Long aa thy law by law shall grow. Long as thy God la God above, Thy brother every man below. So long, dear Land of all my love. Thy name ehaU ahlne, thy fame ahaU glow Vi vm. O Music, from this night of time my Word unfold: In tiiy large ssgnala all men's hearts Itaift Heart behold: Mid-heaven unroll Iky chords as friendly flags unfurled. And wave the world's best lover's welcome to the world. General Hawlkt then addressed the President in the following terms :— Mr. President — Five years ago the President of the United States declared it fitting that the completion of the first century of our national existence should be commemorated by an exhibition of the natural resources of the country and their development, and of its progress in those arts which benefit mM?irin^ ) and ordered that an exhibition of American and foreign arts, products and manufac ! tures, should be held under the auspices I of the Government of the United States in the City of Pfailadelpha in the year 1876\. To put into effect the several laws relating to the Exhibition, the United States Centennial Commission was con stituted, composed of two Commissioners from each State and Territory, nominated by their respective Governors and ap pointed by the President. The Congress also created our Auxiliary Associate Corporation, the Board of Finance, whose unexpectedly heavy burdens have been nobly borne. A remarkable and paralysing disturbance of the fiinHicfw and industries of the country has greatly magnified the task, but we hope for a favorable judgment of the degree of success attained. July 4, 1873, this ground was dedicated to its present uses. Twenty-one months ago this Memorial Hall was begun. Ail the other 180 buildings within the enclosure have been erected within 13 months. All the buildings embraced in the plans of the Commission itself are finished. The de mands of applicants exceeded the space, and strenuous and continuous efforts have been made to get every exhibit ready in time. By general consent the Exhibition is appropriately held in the City of Brotherly Love. Yonder, almost within your view, stands the'venerated edifice wherein occurred the event this work is designed to commemorate, and the Hall in which the first Continental Gongress assembled. Within the present limits of this great Bark were the homes of the eminent patriots of that era, where Washington and his associates received generous hospitality and able counsel. Ton have observed the surpassing beauty of the situation placed at our disposal. In harmony with all this fitness is the liberal support given the enterprise by the State, the city, and the people individually. In the name of the United States you extended a respectful and cordial invitation to the Governments of other nations to be represented .and to participate in this Exhibition. You know the very acceptable terms in which they responded from even the tbOCt distant regions. Their Commissioners are here, and you will soon see with what bril liancy they have entered upon this friendly competition in the arts of peace It has been the fervent hope of tite Com mission that during this festival year the people from all States and sections, of all creeds and Churches,' all parties and classes, burying all resentments, would come op together to this birthplace of our liberties, to study the evidence of our re sources, to measure the progress of a hun dred years, and to examine to our nroSt the wonderful products of other lands; but especially to join hands in per fect fraternity, and promise the God of our Fathers that the new century Shall surpass the old one to the true glories of civilization; and furthermore, that from the assoniatfon hare of the welcome visitors from all na tions, there tnay result not alone great benefits to invention, manufactures, agri culture, trade, and comnuroe, but also stronger intAi?naHnnaj friendships Mid a more lasting peace. Thus reporting to you, Mr. President, under the laws of the Government and the usage of similar occasions, in the name of the United States Centennial Commission, I present to your view the International Exhibition of 1676. The President of the United States re pl?ed:—My Countrymen—lt has been thought appropriate upon this centennial occasion to bring together in Philadel phia for popular inspection specimens of our attainments in the industry and fine arts, and literature, science, and philo sophy, as well as in the great buednees of agriculture and of commerce, that we may more thoroughly appreciate the | fifflflllwiciW?*d <3ftfini??injftflnf |mfoi<"Bfr- ments, and also give emphatic expression to our earnest desire to cultivate the friend ship of our fellow-members of this great family of nations. The enlightened, agricultural, oft*^T*wr"'*^ t and mnTM^ fac toring people of the world have bean invited to send hither corresponding specimens of their skill to exhibit on equal terms in friendly competition with our own. To this Invitation they gene rously responded. For so d?ing they have our heady thanks. The beauty and utility of the contributions will this day be submitted to your inspection by the afanagAMi of this Exhibition. We are glad to know that a view of the sped mens of the skill of all nations will afford to you an unequalled pleasure, as well as yield to you a valuable practical know ledge of so many of the remarkable re sults of the wonderful skill existing in enlightened communities. One hundred years ago our country was new and but partially settled. Our necessities have compelled us chiefly to expend our means and time in felling forests, subduing prairies, building dwellings, factories, sheds, docks, warehouses, roads, canals, machinery, Ac. Most of bur schools, libraries, and asylums, have been estab lished within 100 yean. Bnrthened by these great primal works of necessity, which could not be delayed, we yet have done what this Exhibition will show in the direction of rivalry with older and more advanced nations in law, medicine, and theology, in science, literature, phi losophy, and the fine arts. Whilst proud of what we have done, we regret that we have not done more. Our achievements have been great enough, however, to make it easy for our people to acknowledge superior merit wherever found. Andnow, fellow citizens, I hope a careful examina tion of what is about to be exhibited will not only inspire you with a profound respect for the stall and taste of our friends from other nations, but also satisfy you with the attainments made by our own people during tha past 100 years. I invoke your generous co-opera tion with the worthy Oommissionerj, to secure a brilliant success to this Inter national Exhibition and to make the stay of our foreign visitors, to whom we extend a hearty welcome, both profitable and pleasant to them. I declare the Inter national Exhibition now open. The President was loudly cheered, the Emperor of Brazil rising in his seat and joining in the demonstration by waving his hat. At 12 o'clock noon, at a signal from General Hawley, the American flag was] unfarifld from the main bnilding. A futile lnjah chorus was rendered with orches tral and organ accompaniment; a salute of 100 guns was fired from George's Hill, together with the ringing of oh&faiiwi; different parts of the ground. Dozing the performance of the chorus the foreign Commissioners passed from the platform into the main building, and took plasm upon the central aisle before their re spective Departments, after whioh Presi dent Grant, accompanied by Director General Goshern, followed by the guests of the day, also passed into the main bringing. One of the moat impressive scenes of the day took place in M%ifliiwrj IT?|y. where the President, assisted by His Im perial Majesty, Don Pedro, started the motive power of thatHalL At a signal from General Hawley, the President and ; the Emperor each seised a crank, whtsn opened the valve, and turned it several times. The sound was at once heard, which gave f&e; people an understanding that the engine was about to move. $be monstrous 70-ton fly-wheel began to move slowly, increasing gradually in rapidity until it was travelling at its fufl speed. General Hawley started the hur rah, which was taken op by the surround-, ing multitude. Deafening echoes travelled' through the building, and as all of the wheels in the Hall began to more, the ringing of bells and other demonsiaratioitt told to the world that the Centennial Exhibition was fairly opened. 