OATHS. THE oath, for purposes of classification, may be best defined as an asservation made under superhuman penalty, such penalty being (as in the ordeal), either magical or religious in its nature, or both combined. Here, then, we distinguish the oath from the mere de- claration or promise, or covenant, however formal. Tor example, the covenant by grasp- ing hands is not in itself an oath, nor even is that widespread ancient ceremony of enter- ing into a bond of brotherhood by the two parties mixing drops of their blood, or tasting each other's. This latter rite, though often called an oath, can under this definition be only reckoned as a solemn compact. But when a Galla of Abyssinia sits down over a pit covered over with a hide, imprecating that he may fall into a pit if he breaks his word, or when in our Police Court we make a Chinaman swear by taking an earthen saucer and breaking it on the rail in front of the witness-box, signifying, as the interpreter then puts it in words, "if you do not tell the truth your soul will be cracked like this saucer," we have here two full oaths, of which thc penalty, magical or religious, is shown in pantomime before us. By the way, the English judges who authorised this last sen- sational ceremony must have believed that they were calling on a Chinaman to take a judicial oath after the manner of his own country, but they acted under a mistake, for in fact the Chinese use no oaths at all in their law courts. Now we have to distinguish these real oaths from mere asservations, in which emphatic terms, or descriptive gestures are introduced merely for the purpose of showing the strength of resolve in the declarer's mind. Where, then, does the difference lie between the two ? It is to be found in the incurring of supernatural penalty. There would be no difficulty at all in clearing up the question, were it not that theologians have setup a dis- tinction between oaths of imprecation and oaths of witness. Such subtleties, however, looked at from a practical point of view, are seen to be caustic cobwebs, which a touch of the rough broom of common sense will sweep away. The practical question is this. Does the swearer mean that by going through the ceremony, he brings on himself, if he breaks faith, some-special magic harm, or divine displeasure and punishment? If so, the oath is practically imprecatory; if not, it is futile, wanting the very sanction which gives it legal value. It does not matter whether the imprecation is stated, or only implied. When a Bedouin picks up a straw, and swears by Him who made it grow and wither, there is no need to accompany this with a homily on the fate of the per- jured. This reticence is so usual in the world, that as often as not we have to go out- side the actual formula and ceremony to leam what their full intention is. Let us now examine some typical forms of oath. The rude natives of New Guinea swear by the sun, or by a certain mountain, or by a weapon, that the sun may burn them, or the moun- tains crush them, or the weapon wound them if they lie. The even ruder savages of the Brazilian forests, to confirm their words raise the hand over the head or thrust it into their hair, or they will touch the points of their weapons. These two accounts of savage ceremony introduce us to customs well- known to nations of higher culture. The raising of the hand toward the sky seems to mean here what it does elsewhere. It is in gesture calling on the heaven God to smite the perjurer with his thunderbolt. The touch- ing of the head, again, carries its meaning among these Brazilians, almost as plainly as in Africa, where we find men swearing by their heads or limbs, in the belief that they would wither if forsworn, as when among the old Prussians a man would lay his right hand on his neck and his left on the holy oak, saying, "May Perkun (thc thunder-god) destroy me!" As to the swearing by weapons, an- other graphic instance of its original meaning comes from Aracan, where the witness swearing to speak the truth takes in his hand a musket, a sword, a spear, a tiger's tusk, a crocodile's tooth, and a thunderbolt (that is of course a stone kelt). The oath by the weapon not only lasted on through classic ages, but remained so common in Christendom that it was expressly forbidden by a synod even in the seventeenth century, to swear on the sword (like Hamlet's friends in the ghost scene) was still a legal oath in Holstein. As for holding up the hand to invoke the per- sonal divine sky, the successive of this primi- tive gesture remains to this day among the chief acts in thc solemn oaths of European nations. -Macmillan's Magazine. 