Ipimtef & £atm. ? ♦ ? MADCAP YIOLET. BY WILLIAM BLACK. Author of a Princess of Thuxe, Three Feathers, &c;, &c.; [Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] Chapter XXI — 'Rain, Wind, and Speed.' Fierce and glad was the weather in which the Sea-Pyot spread out her great white wings, and prepared for northward flight. From over the tumbling Atlantic came varying gusts and squalls ; the main boom swung this way and that, and the loud flapping of the sails drowned the clanking of the windlass ; rushing by went the huge green waves to the shore ; and the hurrying clouds as they came sweep ing over from the sea— causing the islands to disappear and reappear, and disappear again — sent sudden showers across the vessel's decks, and made the voyagers tighten up still further the necks of their waterproofs. Above and below the same confusion and bustle prevailed; nobody knew whether the fresh butter had been called for and brought aboard; excited questions were asked about the joint hung at the stern ; and the voice of one tall per son was heard declaring in most solemn language that he would blow up the powder magazine, destroy the bulkheads, and lash the taffrail to the togallantmast if somebody did not help him to stow away the bottled beer. Then there was a sudden cessation of noise overhead. Gra dually the saloon tilted over, and there was a muffled sound as of rushing water out side. 'When the person who had bean stowing away the beer put his head, which was adorned by a huge sou'-wester, up the companion-way, and looked around, be hold ! the Sea-Pyot was running gallantly out to sea, the tack of her mainsail still hauled up, and Captain Jimmy, with the rainrunningdownhisruddyfacejwasobserv ing to a young lady who stood beside him that he could not as yet relinquish to her the tiller. u This is a nice sort of day to start in,' observed a young man, who was gloomily trying to keep the rain from getting inside the neck of his waterproof. ' What better could you wish for ?' she answered, with a bright laugh. ' How fast is she going, Captain Jimmy ?' The skipper glanced at the water running 'About echt knots, I think; but we'll get a bit more wind by-and-by, when we get round Ldsmore. 'Couldn't you let us have the topsail up ?' she asked, throwing a critical glance upward. A shrewd, cautious smile appeared on Captain Jimmy's face. ' She'll go ferry well without the topsail in a little while ; and it iss better not to be too eager. You will get plenty of sailing when we will be going up the Sound.' And indeed there was a good deal of sailing when once they got round the light house of Lismore, and were beating up the Sound of Mull. A heavy sea was rolling down the Sound; the wind freshened further until it dipped the bulwarks of the Sea-Pyot in the rushing waves; and the voyagers, sitting on deck-stools up to windward, had to hold on by such objects as were handy to prevent their suddenly rolling down the slippery decks. Where were the mighty mountains of Mull and of Morven that they had gazed at from afar on many a still summer morning? The voyagers were close to them — running up the channel that divides them, in fact — but all that could be seen were but dim and vague shadows behind the cold grey cur tains of the mist. Water and sky seemed one ; the gusts of wind were also gusts of rain ; the sea swallows that flashed about, dipping, darting, and uttering shrill cries, seemed but as ghosts in the aqueous vapor. And yet the voyagers appeared so little disconcerted by the weather they were encountering that their mirth grew wilder as the wind blew more fiercely, and the seas that came thundering on the bows 'of the yacht, and sending showers of spray right over the crouching figures, were only met with derisive shouts of laughter. Only one of these figures remained silent and sullen. Mr. George Miller did not seem to enter much into the sport. It was the private notion of at least one of his companions that the plunging of the Sea Pyot among the waves was rendering the young man uncomfortable ; but such was not the fact. Neither the motion of the vessel, nor the fierce rain, nor the numbing posi tion in which he was compelled to sit, was responsible for the gloomy preoccupation of Violet's suitor. He had, indeed, other things to think about. Yet surely, on board a yacht, in such weather, there could be little to increase his suspicions. It is true that both Mr. Drummond and Violet were obviously enjoying themselves; that generally Mr. Drummond addressed to her his profound impressions of life on board the Sea Pyot ; and that, indeed, both of them seemed bent on amusing themselves just as if they were a couple of children. And then, when Violet went below, to see that the lad Duncan was properly laying the cloth for luncheon and to assist him in ferreting out the secrets of the lockers, no one volunteered to help her but Mr. Drummond, simply be cause he had stowed most of the things away, and that in a fashion which no one else could understand. That luncheon was rather a desperate business — as Miss Violet had predicted on her round of inspection. They were beat ing up the Sound, with a short starboard tack and a long larboard tack ; and as the latter offered more continued quiet, while the vessel did not heel over quite so much, it was resolved that she should drop below as soon as the Sea Pyot had her larboard tack aboard. Mr. Miller would remain on deck. He was not hungry. And very soon he heard, through the skylight of the saloon, amazing shouts of despair and shrieks of laughter, with now and again an ominous jingle of falling plates and spoons. In fact, the scene below was at first nothing but a wild scramble ; for no sooner had the plates been got out from the locker and spread on the table than they immediately began to slide down to leeward, a stately procession which was joined by the ham, by a cold pie, and two decanters. Of course, there was a wild clutching at this object and that, all being secured except the cruet-stand^ which had outstripped its companions in the race, and flung itself headlong, mustard, viuegar, and all, into Mr. Drummond's lap, who was not prepared for the charge, for he was cling ing on to the bread-plate. When he had retired to change his clothes, and come back again to resume his place, order had been restored by a skilful arrangement of objects, and luncheon was allowed to pro ceed. Alas ! the time lost could not be re covered; and just as they were beginning to consider that life on board a yacht had its' compensations, there was an ominous call above, 'Ready about!' The yacht seemed to right herself ; the table became straight. ' They are putting her about,' observed Violet, who had picked up some slight knowledge of sailing in her travels. But she failed to recollect that the ingenious arrangement of objects on the table had been successful with one side of the table up ; now that side went down, and there was another wild stampede on the part of knives, bottles, dishes, and loaves. Nay, that was not the worst. In the midst of these things — with Mrs. Warrener uttering sharp cries of warning — an awful sound was heard in one of the adjoining state- rooms. Mr. Drummond looked grave. ' You'd better go and see what it is, James,' his sister said, keeping firm hold of the pie until it should, be buttressed up. He went and came back with a serious face. 'My gun-case,' he observed, calmly, 'has fallen on the ewer; the ewer has been pitched against my bed; the bed is swimming with water; and the ewer is broken.' ' Oh, James,' his sister said, ' didn't I tell you to put that great heavy thing on the floor, or in the bed itself, and not on a shelf?' ' Do you think,' said he, ' there would be much chauce of getting the blankets dried on deck ?' The question was not so foolish as it looked, for when they went above again they found that the rain had entirely ceased, the rain-clouds were withdrawing up the hills, and the great lonely mountains of Mull and Morven were being slowly revealed. What a desolate coast it looked in this sombre grey light ! The dark and leaden sea broke in white along the gloomy rocks; gaunt grey precipices here and there led up to a silent wilderness of heather; and across the bare slopes of the hills the white mists moved like great troops of ghosts — :armies that met and parted, that met and mingled together in a silent strife — obeying the mysterious behests of the spirits of the winds. And by-and-by a curious and suffused light began to declare itself behind these moving veils of mist; higher slopes of the mountains, hitherto unseen, became visible in a ghostly fashion; the glow of light increased; and then, as the clouds parted and passed on, the bright warm sunshine sprang down in their wake, and the mighty hills shone in resplendent greens and yellows. The decks of the Sea Pyot soon dried up, waterproofs were thrown aside, and now the rolling waves had dashes of blue in them, where they caught the color of the opening sky. ' That is the way with this coast,' ob served Mr. Drummond, who had lit his pipe, and contentedly stretched out his legs on the white deck, ' the weather changes every thirty minutes, and the scenery every thirty seconds. Miller, why don't you go below and get something to eat ? 'Thank you. By-and-bye,' was the answer. ' Shall I go down and get some things out for you r'' Violet suggested. This was a kind offer, for the young lady had been entrusted with the tiller — under the superintendence of Captain Jimmy, who stood hard -by — and she was amusing herself with various small experiments as to how near the wind the Sea-Pyot could sail. 'Oh, no; don't you trouble,' he answered. 'Here, Captain Jimmy, the rope,' she said. My arms can't hold out any longer. Come along, Mr. Miller. Duncan and I will get you something.' He could not very well refuse so friendly a proposal ; and so at last he got up, threw off his waterproof, and followed her down the twisting companion-stairs. A small bell summoned Duncan into the saloon. And now Mr. Miller found himself the object of those very attentions which, since his arrival in the highlands, he had observed Violet pay to Mr. Drummond. She played the part of handmaiden to perfection, and he could not do otherwise than appear grateful to her. And yet he was dimly conscious that her manner towards him was not that she displayed towards Mr. Drum mond. She was solicitous about his comfort, it is true; but it was with a friendly half-patronising solicitude such as an old campaigner, if bent on kindness, might show to an inexperienced young person encountered by chance. It was in a very different way that she treated Mr. Drummond. With him she was all meek ness and submission ; she was content to remain a silent listener so long as he pleased to speak ; such little services as she could render him were all done in an under hand, unobtrusive manner, as if she would rather not have them noticed. *' Don't you wait down here, Violet,' said he. ' I am sure you would rather be up on deck.' ' Oh, no,' she said, carelessly ; ' I have constituted myself chief cook and steward on board, for I don't think Duncan is up to much, and I must see everybody properly fed. As soon as you have finished, I want the table. I mean to surprise Mr. Drum mond with an apricot-jam pudding at dinner ; you will see his look of wonder when that appears.' ' I should have thought so profound a philosopher would rot have cared for such trifles,' remarked Mr. Miller. ' It is because he is a philosopher,' said Violet, warmly, 'that he cares for both little things and great things.' ' Including apricot jam.' ' I don't see any harm in any one liking apricot-jam. I like it niyself — I am most particularly fond of it.' ' Well, of course ; you show yourself a most docile pupil all day long.' She took no notice of the sneer against herself, for she was bent on clearing her master and teacher from the charge that had been preferred against him. ' If there is anybody in the world that puts little store by eating and drinking and such things, it is Mr. Drommond. He is not one of the men who live only to get good dinners and a lot of money. He is the most unworldly and unselfish man I have ever seen or heard of.' There was a little extra color in her face. The young man who was busy with the cold pie did not answer — perhaps he was afraid of saying all he thought just at that moment. Violet rang the bell. 'Duncan, as soon as Mr. Miller has finished, will you clear the table, please ? And get me the flour and things, and an empty bottle if you haven't a roller. When will the men have their dinner ?' Duncan paused for a minute ; his English was not fluent. ? ' I think, mem, when we will get into Loch Sunart.' *' Then I will make a pudding for them, too ; and you can have that first, for we shan't want dinner till seven.' ' Very well, mem.' u Would you kindly ring the bell when you have finished?' she asked, somewhat coldly, of Mr. Miller ; and then she turned and left the saloon, and went on deck. By this time they had got well past Loch Salen, and right ahead of them lay the open Atlantic, with Tobermoy lighthouse on their left, and on their right the gaunt rrecipices of Ardnamurchan Point running out to the ocean. The sun was wearing pound to the west ; and a warmer light lay over the vast panorama of mountains, shores, and sea. The wind had gone down a bit, too ; and Captain Jimmy was looking forward to the time when, having got up to the mouth of Loch Sunart, he should be able to alter the course of the Sea-Pyot, and let her run in before the wind to her anchorage for the night. Mrs. Warrener linked her hand within Violet's, and led her forward a bit, appa rently the better to command a view of the open sea. 'Violet, what have you been doing to Mr. Miller?' ' Nothing,' the girl answered. 'There is something the matter with him ; you see that.' ' Yes, I do,' she replied, and then she said, with proud indifference, ' I have done nothing to offend him that I know of. If he chooses to make himself unpleasant, how can I help it ? Look at him now — reading a book, and taking no notice of all this wonderful place. We may look forward to a delightful trip if he keeps on in that way.' 'Violet,' said Mrs. Warrener gently, ' you ought not to speak of him like that ; you ought to make excuses for him.« ' Why should I, any more than any one else ? I wish to be as friendly with him as with any one; but when I see him making this return for your brother's kind ness in asking him to go with us ? ' ' Oh, James doesn't mind. Probably he doesn't see it.' ' I wish I could believe he was seasick,' said Violet, rather cruelly. ' But it isn't that, for he has been smoking cigars all day. People say that on board a ship is a dreadful place for making people quarrel ; but we haven't been on board here long enough, surely. There is one thing, how ever, certain enough. A ship is a bad place to bottle up inflammable materials in. If he imagines himself wronged or hurt in any way,^:here will be an explosion — and that before long.' She was right in that conjecture, as events were soon to prove; but in the meantime could anything be more peaceful and peace - suggesting than the scenes through which the Sea-Pyot was now gently bearing them? They had turned aside from the broad waters of the Sound, and were now running before a light breeze into a long and winding loch that lay be tween hills and mountains of singular beauty of form and color. The solemn evening light touching the higher peaks seemed to add to the silence and loneliness of the shadows below, where the grey heron stood motionless under the black rocks, and here and there the dark head of a seal appeared in the smooth waters of the succeeding bays. It was without a sound that the Sea-Pyot glided past the successive headlands ; but her arrival was announced from time to time by the far call of the curlew, startling the silence of the place, and awaking answering cries from other sea-birds along the coast. At length they sailed in to a solitary little bay, where the water was almost without a ripple, and here the im pressive stillness that reigned around was suddenly broken by the loud, harsh rattle of the chain cable as the anchor plunged. The curlews whistfed their warning-note as they fled along the shore ; the sea-pyots screamed shrilly as they flew away across the loch, skimming the wa ter in their flight ; a single heron, uttering a low, harsh croak, heavily lifted his long wings, and disappeared in the gathering twilight. Then all was peace again ; and the dark ness came gently over the mountains, and over the still bosom of the lake, until one could scarcely make out the shore. If the prosaic details of yachting had been prominent during the day, they were no longer so in the mystic silence of the night as the stars came out over the hills, and the ripple against the side of the vessel broke in a million sparks of phosphorescent fire. Then the moon arose ; and the shore and the hills began to appear again in the growing light ; until another world stood revealed, cold, and silent, and still. The red glow of the cabin skylight was the only point of intense color in all this pale picture ; even as in the yacht itself, where peace and silence seemed to prevail, there was, but one fierce and hidden fire — in man's heart. 