THE MINISTRY ON ITS DEFENOE. Namoi Inlependent. WE" do not think it too late tt itPiow the speeches smade by Messrs.V cy aud lobrtson 'nat Kiama and Wollongong the other day. One of our functions duriing the recees of Parliament' is unqusstioniibly to endeavour to mould the public opinion of the' hour, and enabloethe people to form an aocurate estimate f the political situa. tion, And perhaps the delivarances of oflloial and non-ollcil members of the Assembly 'at this ee son afford better materiale for that estimito than the debates of the Chamber itself.j Now it is to be supposed, at least, that in the absence of opposition, our repreosntatives speak wilh more deliberation, agd, if argumoents are advanced, that they hive beou well weighed. The speech of Mr. tDanlley at Kiama is virtually a confession^ of weakness, We are not unwilling to /dmi Mr. Dallov's rhetorical ability, his p iy of ftacy and hie command of humour; ,ut we are not sur prisoed, and scarcely piiehod, to observe his want of good taste. It must be allowed, however, that he is ndt alone in exhibiting this rosthotio defect, Wo very great while ago Mr. Parkes, in a $peech delivered at a suburban municipaility. with forced meta. phor and self.complacet sevorily-inten. ded to vie with the stle of .Esop--at tempted to trace catain resemblances between our leading pcliticians and various members of the lower olders of vertebrate animals, Mr. Parkes iesendowed with the most powerful intellig jco of which we have hlad opportunities of knowing any. thing, in this colony; bu his best friends must admit that ho is no, distinguished by that gracefulness of orat oical delivery nor that polish of expression whlichl a moreo libe. ral culture might have p ducod, But Mr, Dalley has for many ye a identified him. self with the more eleiint and scholarly eide of public life, and or appears at his best when quoting a gra eaxenplar or sit tingli; tthe fIoot of soni6o lirary or politioal hero, From him, the eforo, we expected better things. We har scarcely any fault to find with the scare ti,; though some what olaborate and oumllous, roferenoo to the old ghost story, Thei oiroumlooutory, allusive stylo-ono of thi rii'vst faults of Dcllcdiis,and which nosi scigurcs someo ol theboast Anmeorian litoer aure-may- hIve exoited a laugh amnoung al a buoolio audi. ence as was nasembled at lama, butleoms; strangely' misplaced in at Mr, Dallov sats forth as a dafeae of he Governmeant of whibh he is a momber, ho complimont: he paid to the boauties f Illawarra were only a fair return for the nthueiasm with which he soems to have Abeen recoooeived, And 1hero. else in' thb Auntry, ould tho Mi'istry oexpot to be r olvod more oar. diallyP Muoh.oftholpnb p.odlum whioh had attnohod to them araseiram their ad. vdbidy'of '4thdIllawdrral ilway auhbnio, The audionoo and the spea o r had fought and lost the inmeo' battlo d it' wiis only according to the fitness of lings that they should minister healing t aoah other nnd abuse the oommon enemy, Wo'eursBlves have some little acqunintanoo with, and.p veory einoeoro adnlirationa for tho elanilhb ?' writors a Romoe; but we oannot see, fast, that any gma nttaches t tlio man igno rant of tie tllinges nor,'asoaond, that Mr., Dalloy aI hor'witty oronoorusa .in im puting that 'norano : to ' Mr, Pnarlos, Bt'yoon6.thla 'ex- Proomlor and Mr. Dalloy intollootually.hloro as, be no oomparlson In onoe, we havoe . gront original mind, long trainod by ])olitlonl life to think swiftly snd clenrly, and profoundly versed in tlih 'tithory df' Govor!imntt a mind, moroovcr, whisih by shioor imor foroo is eompellod. to rveort for: ooliinpprovnil to hlgh sRtondrdA of autton nti Irineiplo, nod whiloi aorhsidnly'itsiod0'¢iuic 1iieo eiao0nu others ofoit s esistis~sie; M?rr, Diljloy, on tho otleor lnad, Is so c-s$?tutoci, thotiso meets is, -gowro :sIdiu'lt~deoii byi pdoilosdi hlnlguo antl~D ?lt~rah doeaotpttonzi--tho dlt. Ioryt~dqali??igiit?'/ileal opgil?'llt?,b'd 3i"hly u 'd brlisthld·o ,)v,'oapna a~ld. tho !n~llnor, of onZ slidieVoior'dtiiotds' d'oilni1g sdaeoty to moot theo Iselag., entsliogto :of; .iohsAgds :ovor brough{tog ii?S?,at, I oolonial .govornuoost, T'ho Mn~irstry iseht'cri i t~lddfri'hoiviogl wooH ·tod tiho tints of tjio" .IloI6H.dcIsrihg tIo loto 'ossolon iia ulssIes, borr'oii.oniid inotfootlvo di9iio I loserisvoooxdomh; no, i~ouiid carried into effect no proposal of economy, has made no changes except those of ad ministration. It had submitted a number of measures on important questions of pub lic interest, and invited the consideration of the House to these measures; and then, with no reasonable excuse, had withdrawn them, simply through fear of defeat. Sucl formnidablel charges as these are met by playful badinage,; questionable illustration, and tasteless personal satire. Tlie mathe nmatician in the story is said to have asked, after a perusal of Milton's " Paradise Lost," " What does it prove l', WThat does Mr. Dalley's speech at Kiama prove I We re joicoe as niuch as he can in the prosperity evinced by his statistics, and we agree with ilim iln according to thie present Ministry the negative praise that "they haies not retardedlit." But we expect somcthing more thun the retort of that steward whose talont was buried in tie ground. We are entitled to see the great resources of the country and its irrepressible develop ment wisely guidctl to. their grandest pos sibleo results. Mr."robtla pi iat Wollongong was-Mr\l. Robertson.. * gain, we have the well-kliown autobiographical notices from which a chapter for'' Men of the Time" may be so easily compiled; again we have the same coarseness; again he "comes'' out of "his shell," if such a protection can be conceived necessary to one of his dense epidermic covering; again the bombast iand the feebleness, - the ill-concealed soreness under attacks which lie has failed to repel; anddsignificantly enough, au entire omission of all reference to the specifio charges mlu0il by the Opposition. As usual, he olaims'the mirit of absolute perfection for the Lua Laws of the country. Ho refers proudly (fnd confidently to the ' Statistical 1tegist " in proof of his as= :ertidns. Bu't weall now the trick. Theso statistical facts, if accurately compiled, are like circumstance in a legal cause; anid can: anot lie. If fraud~s committed it must be in their manipulation r interpretation. AB these so-called " ova'ons" during the re Uss, " the prosperity f the country," the " retlurns" from this r that revenue source are claimed as the poporty of the ministly in office. Mr. Park sings his song ofjoy. this year-if in ofllie xt year Mr. Robert. son follows with hii hymn of triumph. Neither this ministry nor that is entitled to praise Ibr this acknowledged prosperity. Tieo Ministry is not credited either with the fertile soil or the copious rains, or the natural increase of stock, as on the othler land it is not blameablo for drought or peatilence. B3ut we shall at some oilther tinui show tbth.tle'sund Laws, whoso pa cernity MAE J. o'tuesopn claims, have not levelopgd, tiavo ,in fact retarded, the growth ' egribultit?o in the country, and have noetrointed to'the utmost extent the oettlemouentf tihe land. No intelligent nan will 'im for lehe Act of 1875, at ,east as far as those ends are served, the character of an amendment. That Acd loalt an almost deadly blow et free selec. lion, If it has survived that blow it is because of the 'oreo of eircumstances and the favourableness of existing collocations. If the present Laiid Laws lhaso done what Mr. Robertson cl~ims for thorn, how romes it that the roletive as well as the bseblute yield of wheat las decresased during the last nine years?' and the yield of aize ihas deoreasod absolutely 400,000 bushels I An even greater deiireass ias taken place ifs the yield of hay, seed hlas inuruased only in tbo produco ol ,vine and sugar, noeithr of which is an abso. lute necessary of lifeo, With such f'auts a hose bolbre us, aio they may be found in that very " Statistidal HRgistur" to' which Ir. Itoberton appeoals,' who can say that tie Luand Law has \not. filed. Arm the ulands of that colony sell administered s hero one-half of thie ioradatuffs is impor. ed P and welure tihe ainiual crops have noi ,nly not kept pace wihl> tihe increase of population, but have atolially been diminish! ng in tihe inverse ratio. ' The reason is:not far to seek, but that w, must resorvoe or another occasion. We are " aweiary woeary" of things Pa liamentury. Omriis ueooeeded by Zimri, and Zimri succeeodod by Omri. Tho"e jiesons alternate, the polloy is sooroely oh nged, and'tho blunders nd .the apologibesa I the selfi-ludation and ho shameloesness ro oat themseslves, Will hey. do so to the on . i.,, , , : .i. i , l L 1.. : , 