Intercolonial News. The latest items of Intercolonial News will be found in our Telegraphic Classification. Our Sydney Letter. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] September 25. SOME of the Ministers—three of them—have visited Kiama and Wollongong during the week, and have awakened the slumbering echoes of that quiet and lovely district Kiama, cele- brated or notorious in the history of New South Wales aa the birthplace of, to use our witty and eloquent Mr. Dalley's words, "a dismal and dilapidated old Fenian spirit," conjured up and " sent upon a melancholy political mission to be forever pursued with inextinguishable laughter," was astir on Wednesday last on the occasion of tiie opening of the newly constructed Kiama basin, which was to be named after the Premier, Mr. Robertsou. The Ministers were specially invited to be present, and the occasion of their visit was seized upon by the Wollongong people to entertain them at a public dinner in their town on Thurs day. Of course, the Ministers availed them selves of the opportunity to make long political speeches. Mr. Robertson, the Premier, Mr. Lackey, the Minister for Works, and Mr. Dalley, the Attorney-General, responded to the invita tions sent them, and went to Kiama. The bisin has been under construction for a number of years, during a great part of which time the work has been delayed through various causes, principally by the financial depression in the colony some years ago, and by a considerable extension of the original design. It has cost the country £74,000, but it has made a harbor for Kiama, where there waa no harbor before, and will be a very valuable assistance to our maritime prosperity. The ceremony of naming the basin after Mr. Robertson is significant from the fact that com paratively recently Kiama waa looked upon aa the stronghold of Mr. Parkee, who time after time visited the place and made long, soaring speeches, and for many years represented the electorate in Parliament Now-a-days, to judge from appearances on Wednesday last Mr. Parkes is forgotten, except in ridioule, when his Kiama fhost is remembered, and his opposition to the llawarra railway scheme has made him un popular throughout the rest of the district of Illawarra. The demonstration in connection with naming the basin after Mr. Robertson, and with the public banquet subsequently, was • ail the more attractive, because of Mr. Dalley'a "native wit and lively satire" which sparkled brilliantly throughout a speech of over an hour's duration, which he delivered. Mr. Dalley is peculiarly fond of ridiculing Mr. Parkes, and the hon. gentleman's apparition was too good a subject to let slip in the very room where the announcement of its first appearance was made. So Mr. Dalley made a brilliant speech which almost sent the com pany who listened to him into convulsions, and which has since enlivened the whole colony. Some of it waa so good that I cannot refrain from giving your readers an extractor two. " Gentlemen," aaid he, in allusion to the Ghost, " although I have read with eager and thrilling interest Mrs. Crowe's 'Nightshade of Nature'— (laughter)—a variety of works on demonology and witchcraft—(laughter)—and indeed have a pretty fair acquaintance with the literature of apparitions—(laughter)—l have never, up to the present time, had the privilege of visiting Kiama. (Roars of laughter.) It may seem to you that my love of the supernatural and my aympathy with spiritualism are both faint enough when I make this confession—(renewed laughter)—for at the smallest sacrifice of time and money I might at any time in a few hours have pasaed out of the real world of flesh and blood and human passions into this land of ahades and sepulchres. (Laughter and cheers.) Gentlemen, now that I have seen this beautiful country I am more than ever convinced that it ia haunted ground—that it ia a place of enchant* ments. (Cheers.) But it is haunted by the spirit of beauty, and its enchantments are those of the moat perfect loveliness of nature. (Cheers.) Not to be associated with that dismal and dilapidated old Fenian spirit—(laughter)—who waa once conjured up in your midst, and who was sent upon a melancholy political mission to be for ever pursued with inextinguishable laughter—(laugh ter and cheers) —but to be the home of all sweet and generous spirits, who brighten and ennoble and make joyous our human life ; of those beautiful and benevolent fairies and creations of the elder time of which the great German poet apoke so nobly. • The intelligible form* of ancient poets— The fair humanities of old religion— The power, the beauty, and the majesty That had their haunts in dell or piny mountain, Or forest, by slow stream or pebbly spring. (Cheers.) These are the spirits which should for ever haunt such a witchery of loveliness as this, in which Kiama alumbers robed with mist, All glittering in the dewy light (Cheers.) Living politicians, even though they befair,honeet,Uberalmen, are scarcely in harmony withthia tranquil beauty ; but ghostly politicians, corning out of their graves to sow distentions, in spire suspicions, and make us all hate one another, ought to be banished eternally from this lovely place. (Cheers and laughter.)" Tou will doubtless, remember that recently Mr. Parkes took a trip to Murrurundi, and made a speech on education, and then a trip to Maitland and a speech on the present state of political affairs in tbe colony. At Murrurundi he read a letter from Earl Russell in answer to one Mr. Parkes had written to him on the subject of our education system, and this letter has been variously, and in some instances ruthlessly criticised. Mr. Dalley tried his powers upon it Referring to Mr. Parkes' Murrurundi speech he aaid :—" With your permission I will make a passing allusion to that elevated piece of oratory —(laughter)—and I will warn you at once that we can make no pretensions to a familiarity or even a common acquaintance with the lofty personages whose names illustrate and adorn that speech. (Laughter.) Gentlemen, we have no distinguished correspondents in Europe. (Laughter and cheers.) I do not think that one of my colleagues ia honored by the receipt of any kind of letter from any foreign nobleman, dis tinguished statesman, or exalted personage of any kind in the mother country. (Continued laughter.) It will consequently be quite impos sible for me to produce to you any letters, unless, like Mr. Toots, I had indulged the habit, to while away melancholy, of writing long letters to myself from persons of distinction and carefully preserving them in my desk with great care. (Laughter.) Not that there is **ny insuperable difficulty in opening up a correspondence with distinguished men, if one has an ambition in that direction, and is indifferent to the constant and exhausting claims upon their attention which are made on all sides by people who have really work to do with them, -and not simply egotism to gratify. Tou have only to write a letter, and by the obligation of their nobility, although they may regard you (as they probably will) as an unmitigated bore, they will answer your letter. It is a cheap and selfish way of pur chasing distinctions. With a sheet of letter-paper, an envelope, a threepenny stamp, and a little as surance, you can secure the autograph and pre tend to the friendship of the chief of one of the great governing classes of the empire. (Laughter.)" Could anything be better ? The reading of Earl Russell's singular letter naturally followed, with a passing allusion to Mr. Parkes' habit 6f intro ducing his illustrious correspondents to his hearers by a kind of compendious biography, and tiieu Mr. Dalley said: —" I am not much impressed with the letter, which I do not think is either a very courteous letter to the persona to whom it. is addressed, or a very wise letter. It is not polite to inform a correspondent that you have no time to read his papers, though you will give him an opinion, and it is not wise to tell a man to read a book written in a language of which he is ignorant. (Laughter.) It is oue of the mis fortunes, however, of engaging in correspondence with distinguished European statesmen, who know very little about you—(laughter)--that they will occasionally either over-estimate your attainments or take a low view of your common sense. (Laughter.) I do not think that the translation from the Latin, which is recom mended, would be at all a specially desirable thing to have read at our public schools ; nor do L think there is anything original, statesmanlike, or striking in the views expressed by the vener able peer. And lam sure you will all agree with me in the conclusion that Earl Russell, who was never humorous in his life, was, if he only knew it, delicately and deliciously humorous in impressing upon his distinguished corre spondent the expediency of 'avoiding all sectarian differences.' (Loud laughter.)" Another extract, about Mr. Parkes' rather vulgar allusion to Mr. Forster's first appearance in a court dress, turns the tables on the hon. gentleman most artistically. "It is somewhat unfair," said Mr. Dalley, " to criticise a man for what he does, not from choice, but from com pulsion. (Hear, hear). I will admit at once that the spectacle of a gentleman of mature age, whom we are accustomed to associate with simple raiment and homely tastes, arrayed in velvet coat and white silk breeches, and imperil ling his nose by stumbling over his own sword, is sufficiently grotesque and melanoholy. (Laugh ter). But if a man is only thus permitted to come into the presence of his Sovereign, he is at least entitled to our respectful sympathy. (Cheers). But I have a distinct recollection of seeing this distinguished clothes critic himself resplendent in gold lace, shining with courtly splendor, in cocked hat, and with bloodless sword, and doing all this not at anybody's bid ding—(laughter)—-but I presume from the purely benevolent motive of delighting and im pressing the vulgar. (Loud laughter). At least poor Mr. Forster wss obliged to put on these gorgeous clothes, and those who knew him well and would wish to see him amiable would not care, I think, about being present at his toilet for the palace. (Loud laughter)." The brilliant speech closed with the following brief but pithy summary of the pretensions of the Government:—"We have spared no exer tions in the public service—neglected no duty— and I think I may say we enjoy as large a share of public confidence as any Ministry can reason ably hope to obtain. (Cheers.) Gentlemen, I thank you on behalf of my colleagues for your kindness—and on my own part for your great patience. We can make no pretensions—any of us —to that transcendent genius which makes suc cess a glory, and excuses even failure. We are unable to inspire, and would certainly be quite unequal to sustain, the enthusiasm which is born of homage to superiority, and which lives in great examples. The 'parts which we are fitted to play are those for which ordinary actors are fairly qualified. To be frank and fearless, to abhor myßtery, and to have a reasonable con tempt for shams ; to hold our own opinions, and yet to respect the convictions of others ; to love justice and uphold it; to be simple, modest, manly ; to have a great sense of the responsibi lity of our offices, and a right appreciation of public opinion—this is all we can pretend to, and is, perhaps, more than we can accomplish. For the rest, we must leave ourselves to the in dulgence of cur. friends and to the generosity of our opponents." A new set of immigration regulations has been issued by the Government. In some respects they are an improvement upon those hitherto existing. They are more liberal, to begin with, but it is doubtful if this liberality is wise in all respects. The age is extended from forty to fifty years. The wisdom of this alteration it is difficult to define, unless there may be parents with large families who would be likely to come out here. The deposit money is reduced from five to two pounds—children, half-price between the ages of three and twelve ; under three years, free. The regulations in other respects do not differ materially from the old ones. According to latest cable news, our riflemen stand a good chance of winning first prize at the Philadelphia International contest. "At a special private match," the telegram says " the Austra lians were beaten by one point by the Irish team —the American and Scotch teams being far behind." What a glorious thing it would be for Australia, my masters, if our boys came off victorious. Bet we must not begin to " enume rate our juvenile poultry before the process of incubation is complete." Having already " whipped creation on the water, we are con- tent to lay on our oars, and await the issue with the trigger witb-streng confidence in the stuff our men are made of. Subscriptions to the Dandenong Relief Fund are coming in freely. Meetings have been held in different parts of the colony to aid the suffer ers by that dreadful calamity- Some years ago there was a wreck relief fund started at New castle, and the trustees of it had about £40 or £50 to their credit as a fixed deposit Very recently—before the late storms—they took upon themselves to hand the whole of the funds over to the hospital, a proceeding most unjustifi able, if not illegal. Some of the virtuously-in dignant in the coaly city " want to know, you know," the reason of this proceeding, and pro mise to make it warm for the trustees in the papers. The King Henry V. season at the Theatre Royal has been brought to a premature close by the illness of Mr. Rignold, who has had a suc cessful operation performed upon him for that dangerous affliction which was fatal to the late Emperor of the French. Mr. Rignol's afflic tion is greatly to be regretted, for he was drawing crowded houses every night. But the expenses of the management were enormous; and I don't think the engagement was to the management a very profitable one, notwithstand ing the liberal patronage awarded by the public September 30. The further prorogation of Parliament till October 81 gives us no definite information as to when the legislative machinery is to be again got into working order. Not that anyone is par ticularly anxious to know, or that much good is expected from the forthcoming deliberations of our collective wisdom, judging from past ex perience ; but it is as well to have an eye to the affairs of State occasionally, that we may be the better prepared to keep some of the fractious workers to their collars if there is any disposition to jump over the traces. We have already had one election since the prorogation, and are in the middle of another—that for Mudgee, for which electorate there are two candidates nominated, Mr. Rouse and Mr. Pigott The former is the local candidate, and is interested in squatting pursuits. Mr. Pigott is a Sydney solicitor, and is going on the free selection ticket There are but two questions before the electors in this contest—the education and the land questions, and the candidates are at issue on each. Mr. Rouse is evidently favorable to the present Ministry, while Mr. Pigott, being a red-hot Leaguer, may be set down as the Opposition candidate, for the advocates of secular, com pulsory, and free education are disgusted with the education policy the Government submitted last session, and call loudly for a change. As I suooes fully "tipped" the winning candidate in the University election, I venture to try my hand again, and this time I have more faith in my selection. I unhesitatingly plump for the local candidate, who is expected to come in a winner in flying colors. That irrepressible and incorruptible politician, Mr. M'Elhone, who succeeded in making things rather uncomfortable for certain Ministers last session, has been giving the good people of Albuiy and Mudgee a taste of his quality, and with a section of those places the fiery Mac' made a decidedly favorable impression. He was received with open arms by the free selectors, who banqueted him, presented him with an ad dress, and generally lionised him on all hands. He was accompanied by Mr. Day, M.L.A., every estimable man, and an honest, conscientious Eolitician, with an average amount of ability, ut who decidedly had to play second fiddle to his quixotic friend, whom he regards as " one of the most honest men in the Assembly." lam sorry for Mr. Day, for I would prefer to see him in better company; but " different people have different opinions—some love apples, others onions." And when I read of a cavaloade escorting these worthies into town, banners and flags of different nations waving, snd men, women, and children from all parts of the distriot turning out to give ( these gentle men such a welcome as 'a hero of a great battle might be proud of, I confess that such carpers as myself are completely snuffed out. At Mudgee, however, Mr. M'El hone, addressing the electors in favor of Mr. Pigott, used " the strongest and moat extraordi nary language ever heard there." He was cheered by one section of the meeting, and hooted by the other, and rotten-egged into the bargain, A publican, named Trueman, threatened, the other day, to pull a parson's nose—not that deli cate morsel we are accustomed to meet occa sionally at the festive board, but the veritable proboscis of a real, live clergyman—Saliniere by name. The Rev. Edward Mitchell Saliniere is incumbent of St John's Church, Glebe, and, in his zeal for the moral, spiritual, physical, and perhaps pecuniary welfare of his flock, opposed the granting of a publican's license to Trueman for a hostelry immediately opposite the parson age. Tho publican, however, obtained his license, and, to spite his reverend reviler, called his hos telry St John's Tavern, and, not content with adding insult to injury, interviewed the clergy man, and threatened that gentleman's nasal organ with a twinge if he insisted upon poking it into his business. The result was that a sum mons was served upon the publican, on a charge of using insulting words to a clergyman. The case, however, was dismissed, the Bench regard ing the offence as of a trivial character. What is known as the Narrandera shooting case has assumed a new phase. Sergeant Foley and Constable Townshend, who shot the poor demented Roman Catholic clergyman, Father Healy, are to be prosecuted for manslaughter. The authorities are in possession of the evidence of some of the parties who were staying at the public-house when Healy was shot These wit nesses say that the officers did not inform Healy that they were police until after they shot him, and also that their conduct led the deceased and others in the house to suppose that they were bushrangers and not police. Some curious bones of extinct animals are said to be unearthed in the interior by settlers in digging wells on their holdings. One person is reported to have discovered a tooth, at a depth of forty feet, resembling the front tooth of a horse, but evidently belonging to some animal never seen by whites in Australia. In the Warrego district bones of this kind are often ' unearthed, indicating that that part of the con- tinent was once submerged, and that the great saltbush country on which we fatten our flocks and herds was once an inland sea. Our Jockey Club is in want of funds, and it really does appear that those who have the man agement of its affairs are going the wrong way to work to meet the difficulty. Up to a few weeks sgo the annual subscription was three guineas, and the amount received from subscriptions last year was £1200, but this sum is not enough. The club now wants £600 more from this source than it ever received before. To meet the difficulty, it was proposed to raise the subscription to five guineas. This was carried, and again affirmed at a sub sequent meeting called specially to consider the matter, but there are many who consider the step an unwise one, for it is easy to see that there is likely to be a considerable falling-off in the number of members. Besides, as one of the members put it, if the club is to be successful, it must rest upon the broad basis of popular appro bation, and it was therefore necessary to popu larise it. But the majority did not see it in that light, and the increased subscription was sanc tioned. What effect it will have upon the pros pects of the club remains to be seen. A plucky act on the part of a sailor is recorded. Among the vessels that were lost in the late storm was the little schooner Atlantic, bound to Newcastle with a cargo of timber. The vessel was found bottom upwards by a steam tug, some twelve miles away from Newcastle. The master of the tug would of course have taken the schooner in tow at once, but a ship hove in sight that wanted towing into port. Being unable to take both in tow at the same time, the captain induced one of his men to remain in possession of the capsized schooner till he could return. The plucky tar was on the vessel's bottom in the open sea, monarch of all he surveyed, for five or six hours. An opposition tug-boat came alongside snd wanted to take him in tow, but he was legally "in possession," and refused to budge. T. he capsized schooner was safely towed into port by the tug that found her. She has since been righted, and the body of a seaman found in her. The salvage of this vessel will probably amount to two or three hundred pounds, of which the plucky tar will get a good share. There is some talk of another postal service, the Messrs. Green, of Blackwall, having, accord ing to the telegraph wire, submitted a proposi tion to run a monthly line of steamers via ths Cape ; but it is hardly likely to come to a head, as the Victorian Government, to whom the pro position was said to have been submitted, appear to have co intention of entertaining the pro posal ; and our own Government surely have enough mail services on hand for our require ments. But it is probable some changes will be made before long. The Pacific, service has never been very popular in New South Wales, and there were some prominent mercantile men at one time clamoring for its discontinuance, and who predicted that the vessels employed would not be able to satisfactorily perform the coast service. The captains of the Pacific mail boats are unanimous in condemning the service, on account of tho danger and expense attending it The cost of the service to the com pany is set down at upwards of £50,000 per annum. Captain Cargill, of the Australia, writes:—" The ooaatal service of New Zealand seems a great mistake, and the ships are quite unfitted for it, as exemplified by the Australia grounding at Port Chalmers, and again by her having to lie outside nine hours to await for the mails, which were shipped with great difficulty. Apart from this, in our case there was not sufficient traffic to pay half the expenses." Subscriptions to the Dandenong relief fund are pouring in very freely from all parts of the colony, as well ss Victoria. Captain Walker, who behaved so gallantly in rescuing those from the Dandenong, is receiving, on all sides tokens of appreciation of his conduct Already he has been the recipient of several handsome presents and addresses, snd his name is lauded wherever spoken. We expect our sculling champion, Edward Trickett, back here in a couple of months. Of course he wil Ibe received with open arms, but his testimonial has not been subscribed to so liberally as it might have been had the affair been taken in hand more vigorously. The mistake made by the committee was in allowing the first burst of enthusiasm to die out before making a well organised appeal for subscriptions. The amount subscribed up to the present is about £600. We are enjoying delightful spring weather; warm days, cool, dewy nights, and occasional re freshing showers of rain, and agricultural and pastoral prospects are bright The late storm, of oourse, considerably damaged the orchards, nurseries, ornamental gardens, shrubberies, ftc., but the young crops escaped with little or no injury. A little more rain would be welcome. Our railway business is mcreasing at such a rate, and the whole system is assuming such pro portions, that an important change has been found necessary. Mr. Whitton, Engineer-in- Chief, retires from the management of the lines and the locomotive department, and will have to devote his whole time to his own department (engineering). Mr. Mason succeeds to the offices vacated by Mr. Whitton. The Theatre Royal was closed this week, snd will remain so all next Emmett opens in a new piece on the following week. The Royal Illu sionists are drawing large audiences to the Vic toria Theatre. The Reichstag, ship, from Hamburg, came to an anchor inside Cape Moreton on Tuesday after noon, having occupied some 112 days in the passage. The vessel cleared with 282 immi grants, equal to 242 statute adults, principally Germans, who are under the charge of Doctor Temple, surgeon-superintendent, and Mrs. Croucher, matron. Their occupations are:— Domestic servants, 29; farm laborers, 113; sailor, 1; vmedresser, 1 ; gardeners, 2; shoemaker, 1; saddler, 1; barber, 1; blacksmith, 1; tele graphist, 1 '.general laborers, 3; carpenters and joiners, 3. Social status :—Married, 86; single men, 95; single women, 36; children, 49; in fants, 16. 