MISCELLANEOUS. At Wilcannia, New South Wales, owing to the drought oats an sold at £1 per | bushel, hay at £37 10s per ton, peaches 3s per dozen,grapes2s 6d per lb; vegetables and other descriptions of produce propor tionately high. Three weight-carrying hunters were shipped on board the s.s. Somersetshire, for England. They are the property of Mr. Phillip Russell, of Carnghain, w1m> has sent for them, as he finds it very difficult to get horse9 of the character he requires in England. The horses are very good speci mens of weight-carrying hunters, and once they get used to the country will no doubt perform with credit in the hunting field. As the cost of shipping a hunter to England is less than one-fourth of the value of such an animal in the old country, Mr. Russell's example mil likely be frequently followed in the future.—Argus. Attention has for some time being at tracted to the remains of a Danish vessel lying embedded in the mud of the Hamble Water at fiuraledon, near Southampton. According to the tradition of the family of small landowners, who have been known to have had a small property close at hand since the reign of Henry III., three Danish keels in the time of Alfred were here stranded. The men came ashore plundering, leaving two men and a boy in charge of the ships; the country people boarded them, set fire to the ships, and killed the men, but the boy, who wore a red cap, escaped inland, and a cat which was in one of the ships leaped ashore into a copse, still called Gat land Copse. So saith the story, and it is certain that for the last 30 years the fisher men of Bursledon have been getting up timber to mead their pigstyes from the re mains of ships deep in mud. A figurehead, carved as a lion, is saicl to have been found years back, and a farmer had a table made of some of the wood. Mr. Grayshaw, a gentleman in the neighborhood, had lately begun to make some researches into the re maining timbers, but to the great regret of the antiquaries interested, Ms proceedings have been at once stopped by the Custom house officers, who have put the broad arrow on all-that he had taken up. Two* children have been drowned in a waterhole near Sandhurst while bathing. We Kapumda Herald regret to hear thatj on Tuesday last Mr. McNamara, who was j engaged carting at the Kapunda Mine, sus tained ft serious loss by accident, but he has i reason to congratulate himself that the re sults were not still worse. He had two horses in a dray, one in the shafts and the other leading. By some means or other the team backed over an enbankment, and fell a depth of some twenty feet, and had they fallen a little more on one side must have overbalanced and gone down a shaft fifteen fathoms deeper, the bank on which they fell being simply sustained by props. The lead ing none, a valuable animal, was killed, and the dray considerably mutilated, but, strange to say, the shaft horse very fortunately escaped uninjured. A Texas Judge is credited with the fol lowing decision:—"The fact is, Jones, the jail is an old, rickety affair, as cold as an iron wedge. You applied to this court for a release on bail, giving it as your opinion that you would freeze to death there. The weather has not moderated, and to keep you from freezing I will direct the sheriff to hang you at 4 o'clock this afternoon. Rather a peculiar charge against a parson has been recently investigated in.New South Wales, and dismissed on technical grounds. The derical gentleman was indicted for piegon stealing. For the prosecution it was alleged that the piegons used to frequent the spire of the defendant's church, and that he, being a liker of piegon-pie, did trap and steal the piegons. It was alleged that the .piegon-pie-ous parson not only supr plied his own family with pies, but also contributed freely of his store to his Mends and supporters. gji child was nearly suffocated in Bindley street, Adelaide, the other day, by a m&t; tras falling on it. By the upsetting of a kerosine lamp in the Narracoorte Assembly Room recently, at the close of of soiree, great consternation was caused, and but for prompt measures being resorted to the building would hare been destroyed. It is reported by the Gurvdagai Times that "as constables Jones and McAllister,. of Jugiong, were returning from Gandagai in company with two men oa horseback, when near Money Money they were overtaking by the full violence of a storm. The light ning was very vivid, and the thunder loud, and considering their steel accoutrements might attract the lightning the party deemed it best to separate. Constable McAIister and one of the men took the lead, and Con stable Jones and the other man followed at some distance. They had hardly done so when a large ball of fire descended, singing { McAlister's hair and wiskers, shrivelling up; the leather of one of his riding boots as! though it had been toasted, and leaving a j blue mark on his side. On striking the' ground the ball rolled along towards the horsemen in the rear, and when immediately in front of their horses it burst with a loud report, emitting a strong sulphrous smell. The Ovens and Murray Advertiser reports | that an elderly man of perhaps sixty years was found dead in a hut near Springhurst one day last week. His name is unknown, but it seems that he called at Mr. J. C. Read's station on the previous day, and told one of the women servants that he had been unable to eat for several lays, and that he believed he had been poisoned by taking a tin vessel from the woolshed that had been used in the process of dipping sheep, and boiled his tea in it. At the inquest a ver dict was returned that the man was found dead, and that he had probably died from the cause assigned by himself. A boy in New South Wales, 14 years of age, was struck on, the head by a cricket ball while at practice, and severely injured. A correspondent says:—A young lady, while in the country some years ago, stepped on a rusty nail, which ran through her shoe and foot. The inflammation and pain were of course very great, and lockjaw was appre hended. A friend of the family, however, recommended the application of a beet taken fresh from the garden, and pounded fine, to the wound. It was done, and the effect was very beneficial. Soon the inflammation began to subside, and by keeping on the Crushed beet, and changing it for a fresh one as its virtues seemed to become impaired, a speedy cure was effected. Simple but effectual remedies like this should be known to every one.—Avoca Free Press. The Rev. John Gamage, A.M., rector of Sedgfield, died in the second week of De cember, 1747, about a week before the tithes became due; and it is said that his ! widow, who was a woman with all her wits about her. resorted to the bold experiment of laying his body in salt, and keeping it in a private room, till after the 20th of the month, the day oil which the tithe-farmers came to pay their rents. Her scheme suc ceeded. She received the emoluments of the living for that year, which would have otherwise gone into the Bishop of Durham's hands, as patron. And after she had got the money safe she made public the fact of her husband's decease. This clever piece of trickery does not seem to have been pleasing, however, to the ghost of the departed, who was doubtless an honorable as well as a reverend man; and, therefore, the parsonage for many years became a haunted house. "The Picbled Parson," as he was irreverently termed, infested the neighborhood for the better part of half a century, making night hideous. At length on the morning of the last day of the year 1872, a fire broke out in one of the lodging-rooms of the rectory house, and before it cotild be extinguished the greater part of the building was destroyed. From that day and hour the apparition was never more seen. The ship Ann Duthie, which has arrived at Sydney from London, picked up on 29th December, in lat. 27-43 S., and long. 29.22 E., three casks with a flagstaff attached, and a white flag with a black ball. The casks were lashed together with part of a boat's gunwale, and from the brands on them were supposed to belong to an American vessel. When the mail steamer Chinai arrived in Hobson's Bay last week it was resolved to try the experiment of sending the mails to Sydney overland. They were accordingly diepatched from Melbourne by express train to Wodonga, and then by special coaches to Sydney. They arrived there in 43 hours ! This gave the Sydney merchants ample time for their replies by the outgoing mail, de spite the fact that the China was a fortnight behind time. By the last Californian mail we (Leader) have files to 10th January, which state that the short wheat crop has in a measure been I compenstated for by an extra yield of maize. The maize crop has been one of the largest ever grown in the country, being, it is stated, at least 2-5 per cent, greater than that of 1874, and about one-third larger than that of 1869. Every section of the Union re ports some increase, the middle States about 10 per cent.; the Gulf States about 17 per cent. 5 the State north of the Ohio, Illinois, an enormous increase upon the crop j of last year; and the States west of the Mississippi nearly 60 per cent., or more than I 100,000,000 bushels. The quality of the! crop is below that of 1874, excepting in California, where, assuming 100 to represent the crop of last year, the product this year is set down at 103, and the quality at 98. The new wheat crop has been got into the ground under most favorable auspices, and so far the season promises a good harvest for 1876, but the withering winds of the spring months, especially April and May, are looked forward to with anxiety. These spring winds are the Californian farmer's bugbear, and there evil effects are aggra vated by the shallow slovenly culture which as a rule prevails. Wheat for shipments at San Francisco was quoted at 1 dol. 90 c. per 100 lb. when the mail left, and chevalier barley, for brewing, at 1 dol. 30 c. to 1 dol. 50 c. per 100 lb. His Excellency is an optimist of the first water. He can findsomething'io be glad of in the couimencenient that has been made in planting the . streets of Melbourne with trees! He saw the noble row of elms which our worthy ex-chief magistrate, with his customary liberality, presented to the city, and which are struggling for existence on the shady side of the Town Hall, just where they are not wanted ; and in his mind s eye he pictures to himself the whole town made cool and picturesque by the foliage of lofty trees. 1 shall always look upon that effort of Sir George to say something congratu latory on the subject of Mr. Gatehouse's elms as the most daring piece of optimism, on record. He bad seen -the stunted, withered vegetables—every one of his hearers had seen them—they were just ontside the windows where he was speaking, and yet he declared he was glad of the com mencement that was made. If he was a citizen of Melbourne perhaps he might be sorry.—" Atticus." A skeleton was discovered among the hummocks in the Hundred of Caroline a few days ago. The trooper from the Bay visited it;. and there being no doubt that it was that of a blackfeliow who had died from natural causes, it was duly buried. ' The mantle of Pe^er the Hermit, in a convivial andsocial form, has fallen on the Rev, Dr. Bleasdale. The doctor is preach ing through all the colonies the necessity of making the attempt -to wrest from the Spaniards and Portuguese tliesecret of their success in wine- making. ' He does not ask for an army. " One priest," he says, " with peculiar qualifications, will be able to manage it." The cost will be little, the gain to the colonies—and himself—great, tip to the present the stone wall dispute has prevented Sir James M'Culloch from availing himself of the doctor's disinterested offer, but South Australia is burning, or thirsting perhaps, to join in the crusade. New Zealand, through Sir Julius Yogel, is equally eager; " and there is every reason to believe" that Queensland will join in, The doctor wisely thinks that it is better not to enter on his great missionary enterprise till j he has assured himself of the gratitude of his fellow- colonists by having his expenses and his reward voted beforehand. For] £1,000 and his travelling expenses, say £400 extra, he will out the hidden mysteries of port and sherry making among the vine yards of Spain and Portugal, and then he will come back and tell Us "all about it. It j is a pity that our political complications j should stop for a day the benevolent designs of our reverend friend,: ft would serve us right if we let South Australia, Queensland, and New Zealand steal a march on us, and send the doctor off at their own expense. How we would stare some fine morning if we found Dr. Bleasdatejgone, and we with out anything to pay.—" Atticus" in Leader. The Brisbane Courier learns on good authority that, in consequence of continued ill-health, Mr. Daintree has been obliged to resign the position of Agent-General for Queensland! The Geehng Advertiser reports that a ' child named Mary Anne Whelan, daughter [ of Robert Whelan, a farmer residing at Maradoc, about three miles .beyond Drj-s dale, was drowned on Tuesday morning. The little one wandered away from the : house, and on search being made the dead body was found floating on' the surface of the water in a large underground tank. Mr. Ogier, P.M., whose eccentricities on the bench have upon more than one occasion attracted attention, has apparently again j been behaving in an extraordinary manner; A correspondent of the Alexandra Times writes:—" I was in the police court ou Fri day last, the 28th ult., when the following scenes occurred during the hearing of the case of Mrs. Tressider v. William Clark-. On Mrs. Tressider going into the witness box'Mr. Ogier proceeded to examine her. ' Well, what are you ?' ' I am the mother j of five children,' Mr. Ogier; ' I don't want j to know that; you may be a prostitute to a thief for all I know Are you a married woman ?'" Subsequently Mr. Peters, the clerk of petty sessions, had occasion to hand i up a document to Mr. Ogier, when the latter, | addressing Peters, said—" Sir, how dare you ; hand me a paper while a case is going on in court!" Mr. Peters; " It was my duty to hand it to the bench; the senior constable liaifded it to me." Mr. Ogier; -" It was not, sir! you know better, sir! sit down, sir!" Mr. Peters: " No, sir; not until you apolo gise to me for your conduct in thus speak- j ing." Mr. Peters then left the court-room j and went to his own office. The Wallalla! Chronicle, in commenting upon Mr. Ogier s j conduct, says:—" We opine that it is more j than time that an investigation into the con- j duct of the gentleman holding1 the dignified i position occupied by the Warden of Wood's' Point should be immediately instituted, and the truth of the reports and complaints veri- j fied or otherwise." The Adelaide correspondent to the Bunyip says in refernce to the cartoon in last week's i Portonian:—"We actually thought we were j i going to have a sweet little scandal the | other day to culminate in a libel case, in consequence of the ~ Portonian cartooning' apparently a " Hem Pee, or new " Jay Pee'' of oratorial fame, over some imaginary mid-1 [ night episode; but, alas! it was not to be. | . Either the libel was too much of a libel to j ' do any harm, or the burly editor of that; belligerent paper rolled his keg of blue blood out of his office into the baek shed, and apologised through the keyhole of his bar ricaded office door." William Reid, Dublin, fell from his waggon one day last week while on his way to" Adelaide, and received such injuries as to necessitate his removal to the Adelaide Hospital. . Four hundred perch and tench have been successfully transmitted alive from Tasmania for the Geelong Acclimatisation Society. Sometime since, the. Rev. Mr. Abe, formerly curate of Christ Church Castle maine, Victoria, left the colony, leaving his family in charge of the Rev. Mr. Frank. On February 7, one cf them, a boy aged fiye years, got to some colonial wine, and drank so much that he died the following day. An inquest was held, and a verdict returned of alcoholic poisoning. Dr. Bone, of Castlemaine, has written to the Mount Alexander Mail a letter disclosing a shock ing case of carelessness and neglect on the part of the Rev. Mr.-."Frank. Mr. Abe's children were kept in a dreadfully dirty state, were badly fed, and when deceased was in epileptic convulsions caused by the drinking of (he wine no' one attended him but a little brother. Mr. Frank received remuneration for the four children at the rate of £180 per annum, for maintenance and clothing, and has recently been availing himself of the State schools for education, arid of cast-off clothingfor their habiiiments. An official enquiry is to be made into the matter. ,The yield of wheat in the Warrnambool district is very good.'; The Standard says 100 acres at Yangery have produced from 35 to 40 bushels per acre. Oats are better than they were last year, and the barley crop is satisfactory. Peas are poor in consequence of the rain. A Lake Mundi correspondent of the Hamilton Commercial says most of the crops along the Border are cut and stacked, wait ing for the thresher. The oats are very heavy, and in some paddocks will yield quite 40 bushek to the acre. The wheat, as far as can be judged, will be about 20 bushels to the acre. Peas and potatoes are good, especially the latter. Feed continues abundant, and the stock are looking first rate. A case of snake-bite occurred at Heathfield station on February 12. The manager, Mr. McNare, whilst pulling out some hay from the stack, was bitten in one of his fingers by a large snake; he at once cut out the bitten part, tied a string above the wound, burnt it with gunpowder, and then sucked it. No had results took place.—Commercial. The Governor of New South Wales has assented to the Bill abolishing verdicts of fdadete. Through a horse bolting with a spring cart in Sale, Victoria, on February 13, a boy eleven years of age, son of Mr. George Ross, J.P., was killed. A nugget of oyer sixounces in weight has been found lately at. tlie Star station, neat Charters Towiers, New South Wales. Schaeffer, the diminutive German travel ler, has gone mad, and has been arrested in some ranges near Gulgong. It was only when driven by want of food or water that he 4would approach his fellow men, his hallucination being that kangaroos, possums and men, in thousands, were hunting him. | There are pretty well-grounded fears that the fine new iron clipper ship Culzean Castle, 1,818 tons register, Captain Macauley, which left Liverpool, England, on the 2oth May last, for Melbourne, Australia, is lost. The number of immigrants and crew on board is estimated at loO, and she was posted as missing at Lloyd's on the 15th December last. She was on her first voyage. A gentleman lately returned from Europe, brings with him a walking stick, alleged to have belonged to the elder Napoleon," the uncle of hia nephew." The cane is an or dinary Malacca, but the head is a dog's head of carved ivory, richly studed with geins.< The eyes are of diamonds, centred with rubies, the nostrils of rubies, the ears of carbuncles, the teeth of garnets, and there is a collar of emeralds, besides a few jewels thrown in promiscuously. Though a love for begemmed walking sticks seems a novel characteristic to attribute to the great Emperor, there is the stick, and we persume the ownership is undoubted. The following letter of a St. Louis girl to her betrothed tells its own sad story. Not a word that we could say would add anything to the infinite, pathos of this poor scrawl: "Dear Jack—Our engagement is off. I hear that your father's brother mar ried a woman whose uncle belongs too the whisky ring. It's too awful for anything. I return a box of cardatnon seeds I found on the sofa where you sat last night. Your forlorn but resolute Edith." Mr. John Leveson, for many years con nected with the Entre-Acte, arrived from London by the Zeilandia, after circumnavi gating the world. On Monday, the 21st inst., the telegraph line to Port Lincoln was formally opened, and congratulatory messages between Mr. J. S. Browne, S.M., of Port Lincoln, and His Excellency the Governor were ex changed. The King of Bavaria has bestowed the knighthood of the Order of Maximilian on Professor Max Muller. This order is con fined to a limited number of men distin guished in science and art. As in the case of the order pour le merite the right of election belongs to the knights themselves, but their choice has to be confirmed by the Sovereign. The London Anthropological Society, which was founded in 1873, under the pre sidency of Dr. 11. S. Charnock, was formaity dissolved at a general meeting the other night. The causes of the dissolution (a cor respondent writes) are the secession of Cap tain Button and his friends from the society, the small number of members remaining; and the continued absence of the president. It is said that some of the members will re join the Institute. A new telegraphic cable is to be laid across the Narrows, between Curtis Island and the mainland, which will greatly im prove the communication between Keppel Bay and Rockhampton. The Tasmanian wheat crops are, says the Cornwall Chronicle, greatly damaged by ■ rust. Upon the whole, the probabilities are; that the wheat -crop of this season will bej considerably below the average. As regards j oats and barley the reverse may bo looked j for, especially English barley, which shows an abundance of good grain everywhere as! it stands in the field. j Arthur Wilson, a lad of fourteen, hasi been charged with burglary at Liverpool, i The prisoner was employed by a Liverpool cutler, named Richardson, and on the night of October 7, the shop was broken into and the ca^i box, which contained about £60, was stolen. The prisoner absconded two! dajs afterwards, and was not heard of until a few days ago, when he was apprehended at Paris. Two handsomely mounted re volvers and 100 cartridges were found unon him. and at the time of his arrest he was booted, spurred, and ready to mount & pony, which he had hired. He had been staying; at the Hotel de Borne, and had taken a number of riding lessons, in his possession were found several sensational dramas and stories of highwaymen, and it is evident he "was about to take " the road" in order to replenish his purse, which con tained only six francs. The prisoner was committed for trial at the assizes. As Mr. Triplett, of Kalkabury, was on his way home on Friday last, with his wife and son in a dray, and when about five miles from Moonta he stopped the horses for the purpose of getting at a package in the vehicle. Whilst he was standing up one of horse3 suddenly plunged, and by the jerk of the dray Mr. Triplett was pitched out head foremost to the ground where he lay insen sible. Mrs. Triplett dispatched the lad to Moonta for assistance, which was promptly rendered by a relative of the family—Mr. T. Warn—who conveyed the sufferer to the township where he was attended by Dr. Geyer. Mr. Triplett recovered conscious ness in the course of three or four hours, and on Tuesday had so far recovered as to be able to return home. Had he not possessed > a strong constitution it is not improbable that the accident would have resulted fatally.—Y. P. Advertiser. Sophie Gautier, a wealthy innkeeper at i Bourg, has been condemned to death at the Cahors Assizes for having successively murdered seven of her own children and a grandchild, by sticking darning needles into their intestines. In trying to kill the grand child, to prevent its mother from inheriting from it her son's fortune, she drove a long needle into its heart, but she had already j driven three others, r>ome days previously, j into its abdomen. The suddenness of the j unfortunate infant's death in the grand-; mothers arms arousing suspicion, a post] mortem examination was held, and the crime I was discovered and confessed. Iii prison the j woman stuck three threaded needles into her ] breast, one of which was extracted with difficulty. She says that others are yet in! her body. This murderess is described as a thin viperish little woman of forty-two, ex pressing herself with a certain elegance of' diction. Though rich, belonging to a good family, and attentive to her business, she led a scandalously licentious life. The brickinakers at Echuca have struck for 9s per day of ten hours. Mr. A. S. Murray, of Casterton, a few days ago had three valuable cows poisoned by drinking out of the arsenic trough, where the sheep were dipped. The Kapunda Corporation have passed by-laws to prevent persons riding or driving along the streets at a greater speed than five miles an hour, or around corners at a greater speed than three miles au hour. Loaded waggons or trollies ore not to be driven through the street faster than three- -miles an hour, or at a walking pace. On Friday last, the crew of the ship J-. L. Hall were engaged in hauling her, to the jetty. This waa being accomplished by means of stout hawsers, the men working at the windlass, when, without a moment's notice, the hawser broke, and in the recoil struck two men working on the deck. One had his leg broken, the other his foot and ankle twisted. Both men were taken to the Hospital, and attended by Dr. Sholl.— Y.P. Advertiser. Scarlet fever is dying out in Victoria. The number of deaths has very much diminished. A man named Ross was assailed by two youths on the public road, near Sandhurst, on Fehruarv 17. When within about 30 ysirds, he said he heard one of them cry out words something like " Your money or your life," and before he had time either to pull i up or reply he heard the report of a pistol, and then a bullet wizzing past his head. Without turning round or delaying, he put spurs to his horse, and soon placed a long distance between himself and these young ruffip.ns. A similar occurrence happened there a few weeks ago. " Is that a friend of yours ?" asked a gentleman, pointing towards a party who was sailing rapidly down the street. " Can't tell you till next Saturday," returned the in dividual addressed, "I've just loaned him 5 dol."—Brooklyn Argus. I A bad omen—to owe men.- j 