A NOVEL WITHOUT A NAME. \--(CONTINUED.) BY WILLIAM AUBREY BURNAGE. mind, as the boys, half in fun but terribly in earnest, made their preparations for the trial. 'Jump up, Toby ; You're wanted, in the Court. Come, the Queen versus Toby Cadman, for Conspiracy and Cowardice, is on for hear- ing, and the Court mustn't be kept waiting,' said Ned Tait, the newly elected prevost in a sepulchural voice. Toby redoubled the speed and volume of his nasal music, and pretended vigorously to be asleep, past all power of waking. 'If he won't get up, Charley, Mr. Presi- dent, I mean, let's belt .him where he is,' said one of the jury boys. The ominous suggestion had the desired effect, and in the twinkling of an eye, Toby rose from the sheets like a ghost in his cerements. 'I did not do it; I'll swear I didn't!' he gasped, glancing piteously around the group of juvenile, but determined faces. 'Didn't do what? If you've been asleep, you haven't heard what we've got against you!' said the president with a judicial frown. 'Look here, prisoner at the bar,' said the prevost 'If you speak a word while I'm ad- dressing the jury, we hang you first, and try you after, so you'll know to expect.' The miserable Toby stood staring imploringly from one face to another; but he met with no sympathy anywhere ; all eyed him with contempt and disgust. The trial was con- ducted with a curious mixture of seriousness and merriment, and each actor in the mimic court aquitted himself to his own satisfaction, if not to that of the hapless Toby. After the evidence had been gone carefully through, and each of the orators — who by- the-by, comprised pretty nigh the whole of the jury as well as the advocate and prevost— had listened with evident pleasure to his own eloquence, a ver- dict of guilty was recorded, 'Now, prisoner at the bar, what have you to say that the extreme sentence should not be passed; upon you?' asked the grinning pre- sident, is a tone so dismally prophetic that Toby began to blubber in abject terror. 'Just make a clean breast of it, Toady, and perhaps we'll let you off this time !' said one of the boys. Drowning men catch at straws, and Toby, thinking to propitiate his tormentors, told the ludicrous tale of his ' being sweet on little Ruth Scott,' and how, when he found that she cared more for Harry Fenton than for him, he had got up the row in hopes that Harry would get knocked on the head. 'And you run them to fight with pistols, because you knew that Frank was a good shot; and Harry wasn't, and most likely would be killed!' exclaimed Ned Tait, in honor. 'Hanging's too good for a wretch like you,!' 'We mustn't hang him anyhow, so my sen- tence is one hundred lashes upon the bare skin, to be given in equal share by each of us,' said the president, with judicial dignity. Toby made a rush for the door, but was quickly caught, and thrown down upon one of the beds. 'Gag him, or he'll bellow, and bring the whole house upon us,' cried one; and, taking the hint, the prevost snatched up one of Toby's own dirty socks, and stuffed it into his mouth. His self-appointed judges then, under Charley Graham's direction, tied him down with their braces, and commenced the flagellation to which he had been sen- tenced. Charley Graham wore a leather belt instead of braces, and being 'senior officer of the Court,' as the other boys called him, gave the first instalment of the hundred, which he laid on with a will. The quivering culprit winced and groaned, but to no purpose. His floggers were inexorable, and never ceased till each had performed his share of the task, and Toby had received his full hundred, with a few over by way of interest. 'Come, Tom,' said Ned Tait to the boy whose duty it was to put the finishing stroke upon the miserable Toby, 'Come, Tom, knock off now ; the poor devil's had more than a fair hundred!' 'I hope the dose 'll operate well, Ned. It'll take more than a hundred, though, to purge the villany out of him, I'm thinking!' said Tom Ray, the son of a.druggist in the Strand, who was intended for his father's profession. 'As my old man says:— "There's nothing like bleeding in these extreme cases." ' 'My word, Charley, the cat has scratched him awful! I expect he'll feel in the morn- ing very much as if he'd, sat down for an hour upon a red hot gridiron!' said Percy Clay, grinning. The jest did not provoke the laugh that the speaker had anticipated. Now that the tragic farce was played out, the boys began to pity the moaning rascal at there feet, and to wish they had not inter- fered. 'By George, Charley, we'll get into a jolly row to- morrow, when the old doctor gets wind of our hiding Toby!' said Dick Colridge, suddenly beginning to think of consequences. Charley Graham; acquiesced in Dick's forebod- ing of future trouble, and stooping down by the penitent victim of their boyish sense of justice, whispered impressively, 'Now, Toby, just you listen—We've perhaps done wrong in hiding you, but it served you right, you know; but if we say a word about that duel affair you'd get hung as sure as you're a cow- hearted cub. So you see the best thing you can do is to take your flogging in good part, and be thankful!' Toby moaned and said nothing, for the simple reason that to speak with a sock in his mouth was a feat that, under the circum- stances, he was not equal to. Charley Graham's attention being called to the fact by one of the boys, he removed the obstruc- tion, and the unfortunate wight, between sobs and tears, protested that he was per- fectly satisfied of the justice of the pro- ceeding's, and promised with energy to say nothing of the evening's amusement, if the boys would only save him from the gallows by saying nothing about the duel. The boys, one and all, promised eagerly to keep the secret, and then slunk off to their beds, ashamed of the farce they had just con- cluded, and wishing they had left Toby in- stead to the stings of his own conscience, if any. In half an hour their repentant eyes were all closed by the gentle hand of sleep, and many of them were soon accompanying the young culprit's doleful moans by a chorus of snoring. Never before had a night appeared so inter- minable to Master Toby Cadman; he could not sleep for the pain, occasioned by the severity of his punishment. He could get no ease by lying on either side, and to lie on his back was simply impossible ; and all through the long hours of that never-to- be- forgotten night he tossed about sleepless and utterly disconsolate. A night at such a time would seem an age ; but even an age does pass away; and at last the cocks began to speculate upon the rising of the sun, and the thick darkness of night slowly dissolved before the opening day. By the time that was light enough to see Toby rose from his sleepless bed, and with much difficulty got into his nether gar- ments. Dressed at length, he proceeded to put on his boots, for which purpose he sat down upon a chair by his bed side, but he had barely touched the cold hard seat, when his head came in violent contact with the low ceiling, and he gave up that idea in despair. At last, after long and patient practice in standing on one leg, he contrived to shoe himself; and, giving a glance of vindictive hatred to Charley Graham as he lay still sleeping, he turned to the door, mut- tering as he did so : 'It was you that said to flog me, and I'll be even with you yet, or my name isn't Toby. Ah! I know what I'll do!' Slowly and painfully he crawled down stairs and out into the garden, all white with the snow, that had fallen through the night. Whatever it was that had struck him as a good revenge, a silly black and white kitten appearing at the kitchen window altered his plan, and he at once turned aside to catch it. Pussy, however, had some misgivings as to Toby's intentions. It was such an unusual thing for him to notice her unless with the toe of his boot. Cats are said to be good judges of character. Be that as it may, this particular cat, young and inexperienced though she was, seemed to doubt the sincerity of Toby's 'Puss, puss,' come pussy! I won't hurt you, pussy!' and declined most unequivo- cally to trust him. Presently, however, she was captured, and carried off in triumph. 'Look here, puss, you're Charley Graham's cat, so it's no use purring to me. I can't thrash him, so I'm going to take it out of you!' Toby's indefinite threat appealed to alarm puss, for she began to struggle frantically; but she was too tightly held to break free, and after a few minutes fruitless scramble relapsed into the passive torpor of terror, evidently giving herself up as a lost cat. Right in front of the gate leading into the play-ground stood a pear tree, whose arms were now bare, Toby looked at it for a moment, and muttering, 'Yea: That'll do!' took out of one of his trousers' pockets a collection of. boyish para- phernalia, among which appeared an old top string long out of use. Without, speaking a word he set about his terribly significant pre- parations. The string was carefully measured, and found to be just long enough, after suffi- cient allowance, was made for fastening to the branch, and for tying round the kitten's neck, to reach near enough to the ground to allow a few inches between the feet of the intended victim and the snow. No sooner were the ar- rangements completed than the doomed kitten, who had tremblingly watched the fatal prepa- rations for her latter end, was shunted off the stage of life, and hung dangling down most uncomfortably, without rest for the sole of her foot. The inhuman young rascal watched the dying convulsions of the unhappy cat with philosophical interested speculated, as calmly as his own unpleasant position would ad- mit, upon the unfathomable mystery of life and death. For nearly twenty minutes the protracted death- struggle of the cat afforded him subject for experimental observation, and then the earthly career of the un- fortunate.victim of his dastardly revenge was over, and the miscreant slunk back to his bed- room. The sun rose gilding the distant hills when Dr. Shelwood's boys assembled at the break- fast table. As was the usual custom, the lads stood round the table waiting, as patiently for grace to be said, as a herd of small swine in and around their trough, awaiting their morn- ing meal. At last the ordeal was over, and the signal to "fall to" given. 'What's the reason of Master Cadman not sitting?' enquired the old doctor, in a severe voice. All the 'second class' eyes were in an in- stant vigorously employed in examining the patterns of the plates and spoons—at least all but those belonging to the luckless Toby, and they were staring helplessly out of the window, which, to his intense annoyance, offered a full view of the body of the murdered cat. 'What is the reason of Master Cadman not sitting?' the doctor asked again, in voice so wrathful that every 'second class' eye,' save Toby's, was raised to his, in expectant terror. 'Say it's a boil!' whispered Dick Colridge, his next hand neighbour. 'Please, sir, it's a boil!' faltered Toby in c0nfusion. 'Dear me, Edward, I must give that poor boy a dose of brimstone and treacle!' said the kindhearted Mrs. Shelwood, to the hapless Toby's infinite disgust, who abhored 'brim- stone and treacle' even worse than a hiding. 'Come here, my lad! Let me see your tongue!' said the motherly lady, and the un- fortunate urchin reluctantly approached, and opened his mouth for inspection. The un- ruly member was duly examined, and pro- nounced to be out of order; and the unpalat- able dose administered. Mrs. Shelwood was a great believer in 'gentle aperients,' and al- ways kept a supply by her, in the form of 'brimstone and treacle,' which compound was a source of perpetual terror to several of the boys who she fancied had delicate constitu- tions, among whom was Toby. Some little confusion was caused by the lady departing from her usual custom and giving the dose in the room, as the victim's wry' faces were al- most more than his unsympathetic, but highly amused and decidedly ungenerous schoolfel- lows, could witness without laughter. But an unmistakable 'Silence!' from the head of the table, speedily restored order; and Toby returned to his chair, about as miserable as a combination of misadventures could make him. But the tale of his troubles was not yet full. The gardener appeared on the threshold of the door; and rather than have to face him under existing circumstances, Toby felt that he could gladly have devoured the whole jar of the distasteful mixture. 'Well, Rodgers?' said the doctor, looking at the leg of mutton he was carving—being a red-letter day the ordinary breakfast course was slightly improved upon. 'Well, Rodgers, what now?' 'Can you spare a minute, sir? There's something I want to show you in the garden,' replied Rodgers who scorned the idea of making a fuss even in a case of life and death. 'Certainly! Certainly!' said Dr. Shel- wood. 'I will be with you in a moment.' He knew the old gardener too well to believe that a trifling matter would occasion him to intrude at meal times. Every pair of eyes was directed enquiringly upon Rodgers, as he stood in the doorway leaning, hat in hand, against the post, and eyeing the youngsters at the table with a look that seemed to Toby Cadman like the gaze of a lynx, Dr. Shelwood wrapped a woollen com- forter about his neck, for the morning was bit- terly cold, and followed the gardener to the scene of the discovery. In about five minutes he returned, looking very grave and stern. 'What is the matter, Edward?' asked Mrs. Shelwood, eagerly, that lady having a fair legacy of Eve's inquisitiveness. 'Nothing, my love; we'll talk about it after breakfast.' The boys, who had eagerly listened for Dr. Shelwood's explanation, were disappointed at the vagueness of his answer, but very philosophically, returned to the suspended at- tack upon the good things before them—all but the melancholy Toby, and a variety of subjects conspired to spoil his appetite. Scarcely a word was spoken during the re- mainder of the meal, and directly grace was said the order was given to follow the doctor into the garden. If wishes could have been of any avail to undo the past, one among the juvenile throng at the heels of the doctor would have speedily brought back to life the dismal memorial of his boyish cruelty, which was found suspended from a branch of the pear tree. As the boys caught sight of the melancholy object, and realised the tragic end of their little favorite, a loud wail of sorrow, which soon changed into a cry of rage and execration, rose loud and shrill upon the morning air. 'Silence!' You could have heard a pin drop, so thorough was the discipline the boys were in. 'The boy who can throw any light upon this sad spectacle, step forward!' There was no response to the invitation, each boy being engaged in scanning the fea- tures of the others. 'I expect somebody did it!' whispered Toby to the nearest boy, feeling it necessary to say something, and not knowing what to say. 'I'd like to hang him too, whoever he is?' exclaimed the boy addressed, and the word made Toby's blood run cold; he had himself, he thought, so narrowly escaped hanging, that the suggestion was to him too terribly significant. Dr. Shelwood waited a minute or two for a reply to his words, and receiving none, lifted the deceased cat in his arms, and examined the fatal noose. 'See, Rodgers, this is a top-string, and must have belonged to one of the bigger boys;' (Toby's knees knocked together). 'Take it off the cat's neck, and show it round.' 'The owner can have it on application!' said the gardener drily, as he unfastened the cord. It is needless to say, the owner did not avail himself of the kind permission. The tell-tale string was handed round, and —boys are so lynx-eyed and observant that nothing escapes them—the owner was soon found. Each one had denied all knowledge of the article, until it was handed to the boy Toby had just addressed, when he, after a few seconds attentive examination, exclaimed, 'Yes, I expect somebody did do it, and you're that somebody, you------' Whatever the expletive was to have been, the youngster recollected himself in time to pause before uttering it, and Dr. Shelwood interrupted him, by inquiring if the culprit had been discovered. 'Please sir, that's Toby's top-string?' Toby suddenly collected his scattered wits, and proved himself equal to the occasion, 'My top-string? Let me see it? I lost a top- string more than a month ago?' The top-string was handed to Toby in silence, 'I can't say for certain, sir; but I think its mine! Anyway it's just like the one I lost,' said the boy, with apparent candor. 'Hem! You don't know who found it, do you?' asked the master, doubtfully. 'No, sir.' Dr. Shelwood scratched his head for a mo- ment. He was completely puzzled. The crime of hanging the cat was too grave to be overlooked if committed by one of his pupils; yet there appeared to be no possibility of de- tecting the offender, for the only clue, the top- string, was of no apparent service. 'When did any of you see this top-string with Toby Cadman last?' None had seen it for a long time, as tops were out; and, giving up the search for a time, Dr. Shelwood ordered the boys back to the schoolroom. In returning, Charley Gra- ham contrived to walk by Toby's side, and whispered, as they were entering the door, 'Toby, I know who hung my kitten, and why he did it ; but I forgive him.' Toby walked away back with his head down, and wishing heartily he hadn't met the luckless cat. 'It's all her own fault;' he soliloquised. 'If she hadn't been there, I wouldn't have touched her.' CHAPTER III. The sun rose brightly upon Woodbine Cot- tage, as aunt Letitia's neat little suburban residence was called, while the tragedy of the cat and the top-string was being discovered in Dr. Shelwood's garden; but a full half hour before that time Masters Frank Seymour and Harry Fenton were up and out in the dim break of day, with their skates under their arms en route for the "Serpentine." 'My word, old fellow, we'll have a jolly hour on the ice, and get back to breakfast as raven- ous as wolves in Lent,' said Frank, opening the gates of Kensington Gardens and holding it back for Harry. 'The ice 'll be just the thing this morning.' 'Yes, Frank! Hurry on, old fellow; it don't take long for an hour to slip away, when you're skating; and it'll be time to go home, long before we're ready, you know.' The boys hurried along, and in a very few minutes had reached the edge of the glassy floor, over which they were soon describing circles, curves, and pirouettes, as gracefully as any of the group of pleasure-seekers then and there engaged in the healthy pastime of skat- ing. Cleverly and elegantly they glided back- ward and forward upon the polished surface of the ice, darting hither and thither, round and round, as easily and fearlessly as if skat- ing had been their principal business in life, and they had given their whole attention to it. So beautifully even and exact were their evolutions, that many accomplished skaters suspended their own amusement and watched the boys in admiration. But, presently, their sharpened appetites reminded them very urgently, that it was time to get home to breakfast. 'Come, Harry, I'll give you twenty yards and race you to the bridge and back, before we go home!' 'Done !' The merry-hearted youngsters soon got into position, and after a couple of false starts, away they shot like arrows, and in their great speed appeared almost to fly. The bridge was reached, and although Frank was reckoned the fastest skater in the school, he had not gained a foot, and his competitor began to feel sure of carrying off the honours for that once, at least. But Frank was only 'holding on' as he called it, till Harry should get a little winded. They had almost travelled half the return distance, when Frank put on a spurt, and shot by his companion like a bird, shouting tantalizingly as he passed him, 'Good-bye, old fellow; I'll see you to-morrow!' Beaten, as he thought, beyond all chance of retrievement, Harry gave up the contest and turned aside to the bank. He leisurely took off his skates, and threw himself down to wait for Frank to return. A couple of minutes passing, and Frank not coming up, Harry looked towards the end of the ice to call up- on him to hurry, when to his utter astonish- ment and consternation Frank had disap- peared as entirely as if he had dissolved intoj air. 'Good heavens! What has become of him?' he exclaimed, in horror, springing to his feet and glancing up and down the ice in anxious search. A dozen people were skating towards a spot where a group of persons were collec- ted ; and, feeling an undefined presentiment of some impending calamity, he dashed off to- wards the spot. Several times during the short distance he slipped down, but not being hurt pieked himself up and soon reached the spot, to which skaters were hurrying. 'What's the matter? 'Where is he? 'Oh, where is Frank?' 'Under the ice!' was the laconic reply of an old gentleman who stood with his arms folded, looking thoughtfully down into a large fissure in the brittle and treacherous floor. 'And you can stand there as unconcerned, as if he is not being drowned?' Harry cried with a bitter contempt; and snatching off his boots, was about to leap through the broken ice into the freezing, numbing water. 'One at a time, my little friend,' said the old gentleman, holding him back, and speak- ing in a slow, measured voice, that almost drove Harry mad, with its tone of unconcern. 'Let me go!' the excited boy cried, as he struggled desperately to free himself from the old gentleman's grasp. 'Wait a moment! See, here comes a man with a strong board to lay across the thin ice. We can do nothing without it.' Harry did not wait to hear the words, but shaking himself free, plunged headlong into the water. 'Umph! What folly! Now there'll be two to bring round!' the old gentleman said testily, and turning to the man, who was approaching with the board, he shouted, 'Look alive there! Here's another of the cubs in the water!' In a second or two the board was placed across the fissure, so that by its width covering a large space of the thin ice, greater power of sustaining anyone, who might attempt the rescue, would be given it. 'Now, Mr. Raby, you just take hold of my legs, and I'll lay down and fork them both out from under the ice in no time.' 'Look alive then!' said Mr. Raby, whose listlessness evaporated the moment activity could be of service. The man threw himself down upon his chest, and groped about under the ice. The man grasped Harry's 'jacket as he rose, and dragged him almost out of the water, when a warning creak in the ice caused him to speedily let go of his hold and rise to his feet. 'Shove the board this way a little; the ice is thicker,' he said to old Mr. Raby; but that gentleman had not waited for the suggestion, but did so in- stantly the other had risen; and the moment it was done the man laid himself down to make another attempt at saving the boys. 'Look sharp there! It's jolly cold in here!' shouted Harry, his teeth chattering with the chill the freezing water had given him. 'Look alive, I can't hold him up all day.' 'Hold on for a second, my brave lad! We'll have you out directly!' said Mr. Raby, encouragingly; and the man again seized Harry's clothes, and this time succeeded in drawing him out, and with him the limp and, to all appearance, lifeless body of his friend Frank. 'Never mind me; I'm all right! Run for a doctor!' cried Harry savagely in reply to Mr. Raby's eager enquiry as to how he felt. 'Don't hurry yourself, my boy; I'll look after your friend. Here, Mr. What's-your- name, run across into the park to our crib on the bank yonder, and tell them to prepare for a case. I'll be there with the body directly.' 'What, the Humane Society's house?' 'Yes! yes!' The man ran off at the top of his speed, and Mr. Raby pushed Harry aside, as the ex- cited boy stooped, down to snatch up his un- fortunate friend, and took him up himself. 'Come along my boy. I can carry him better than you. Now don't fret; he's not dead yet; he wasn't in the water long enough to do much harm!' the stranger said soothingly, as Harry began to express his grief with great vigour arid energy. Mr. Raby carried the dripping boy as quickly as possible to the house that the Humane Society; had built on the bank of the Serpentine for the purpose of using in such cases, and after an hour's steady application of the Society's receipt for the re- storation of the apparently drowned, Frank was so.far recovered as to be able to walk to nearest cabstand. 'Well, my lad, you're a brave fellow!' said Mr. Raby to Harry, as the boys were about to leave the spot. 'I don't mean so much for jumping in to save your friend--even a dog would have done that--but for the cool and patient manner you did everything I told you in assisting to bring him round. Most boys would have only bellowed and wrung their hands, and been a general nuisance!' 'I dare say I'd have cried too, if that could have done any good!' replied Harry, scarcely suppressing tears of joy—in fact, more than half crying then, despite his boast. 'I can never forget Harry's courage in fish- ing me out, sir; nor your kindness in doctor- ing me up afterwards!' said Frank, fervently. 'My eyes, but it was jolly cold!' exclaimed Harry, shivering at the bare recollection. 'You must get away home, my lad, and change your clothes; or you may take cold: but before you go, I will tell you both what to do in similar cases. We never know when our knowledge may not be of some service to others, and should always be ready to learn all we can for that purpose,' said Mr. Raby, gravely. 'The first thing to do is to dry the body. Then you must make it breathe, and induce it's blood to flow through the veins. The first we call respiration, the second circulation. Now, recollect, the first one must always be accomplished first. You must never begin to induce the circulation of the blood until the patient has shewn unmistaka- ble signs of respiration. Now, the method that I adopt, which one of you has just seen, and the other experienced, is to place the body upon its back upon a bed, that has been raised a few inches at the head. Then the mouth, must be opened and kept so by placing a reel or some- thing between the teeth; and then to allow a free passage to the lungs for air, the tongue must be drawn out and fastened so, by being tied by a piece of ribbon. When this is done I take up a position at the head, and grasp the arms of the patient a little, above the elbows and gently and steadily raise them above the head for two seconds to cause inspiration or taking in breath, and then turn them back and press them gently and firmly against the sides of the chest for another two seconds to occa- sion respiration or breathing out. And this must be continued until there are signs of re- turning life. Then the circulation must be attended to, and the best method of doing so, is to rub the limbs upwards with warm flannels, with a firm grasping pressure and energy; and have hot bricks applied to the pit of the stomach, the armpits, and the soles of the feet. A teaspoonful of warm water poured into the mouth, is an excellent thing, to soften the throat, and when the patient is a little recovered, a small dose of brandy, and a few hours sleep. By-the-bye, you must'nt forget that the mouth must be kept dry, by continually wiping it. Now, boys, you may think all this lecture unnecessary; but, as you have both just seen, our knowing this has probably saved the life of one of you, and who knows, some day one of you may, if you don't forget what I now tell you, have an opportunity of saving life too. But hurry along home, or a cold may do what the water didn't. So, good-bye. The boys thanked their kind, but eccentric friend, and taking his advice, hurried away back. 'I say, Frank, old fellow, I like your aunt, though she aren't much to look at!' said Harry, as the lads came in sight of Woodbine Cottage. 'And she's as good as she looks,' exclaimed Frank, with enthusiasm, not fully catching Harry's words. 'And how do you like little Polly, my sister?' 'I can't say, Frank. I only saw her for a few minutes; but I shall like her if she's anything like you!' 'I'm sure you'll like her old fellow.She's the best girl you ever met!' said the fond brother. Harry not altogether endorsing the senti- ment — the image of somebody else rising, in girlish beauty, before his mental vision — he assented silently by a doubtful nod, and changed the subject by proposing a race home, which was agreed to; and a five minutes sharp spin brought them to the gate, at which aunt Leti- tia was looking out for them, little Polly at her side. 'Oh you bad boys, where have you been to all this time, and breakfast over this two hours! And Harry drenched too! Dear me, dear me, whatever have you been doing!' cried the anxious old lady, who had been in a terrible fidget since nine o'clock, the hour they had promised to return. 'Only seeking adventure, auntie dear; and see I have brought you home a real live hero!' said Frank laughing, and pointing at Harry with pride and gratitude. Miss Letitia looked enquiringly at Harry, who blushed and stammered. 'It wasn't me; 