THE CALIFORNIAN MAIL. From English and American files received by the San Francisco mail we take the for. lowing extracts - TítElOREIGN POLICY OF ENGLAND "Some of the Russian journals," says the Pall Mall Budget of March 31, have lately been discussing the foreign policy of the English Government The Bush Mir sees in the activity of Mr Disraeli's Government a feverish radicalism, such as England has not witnessed for a long time on the part of her Ministers A series of bold and in the highest degree practical measures, it says, restores to England the important political rule which Englishmen had forgotten during the Ministry of Mr Gladstone. At present, England alone of the European great powers deals clearly and consciously in conformity with her interests, the other powers content themselves with putting forth innocent diplomatic notes, and timidly abstain from all positive action Without risk of war or any important sacrifice, England has laid her powerful hand upon the international road which connects Europe with Asia and in part with India. At the same time she fortifies Malta, the central station of the Mediterranean increases her land and sea forces, and strengthen her influence at Constant!, nople and Cairo In the meantime, the IlussLi Mir asks, what has Russia done towards approaching nearer to the Bosphorus, which naturally has greater importance for her than the Suez Canal has for England 2 The be- stowal of the title of Empress upon the Queen is cited by the same journal as a further proof of Mr Disraeli a radical policy, but it asserts that there is no ground for regarding that title as constituting a stronger bond between England and India. The elevation of India to the rank of a special empire can only tend to the weakening, not to the strengthening, of the English power in that country Ino Oolos publishes an article in which it says Russia and England are no rivals in Central Asia. They have common interests No reasonable man in Calcutta thinks of the possibility of a Russian attack on the East Indies It is to the interest of both States to cool fanaticism, and not to inflame it to disarm the Central Asiatics, and not to place arms in their hands If Asiatic barbarism game the preponderance over European civilisation, the English would be expelled from India as Russia would be from Central Asia The Oolos recommends, as it has done before, friendship between England and Russia Now, as the East Indies have received a new Viceroy, the beat occasion offers itself On the day when a friendly embassy from Aide de Camp General Kaufmann to Lord Lytton or vice versa shall pass through the steppes between Tashkend and Peshawur, Asiatic Mahommedamam will understand that it has not to do with two nations hostile to one another, but with one European power composed only of two amicably related representatives, Russia and England." LORD ST. LEONARDS' WILL (FROM THE HOME NEWS, April, 6 ) The remarkable suit Sugden and Others v. Lord St Leonards and Others bas been concluded. Itwilljbe remembered that this was on appeal by the defendants from a decision of Sir J Hannan, the president of the Probate Division, who held that the will of the late Lord St Leonards was not destroyed some revocation, and granted probate to the executors. The papers were propounded by the plaintiffs, the Hon. and Rev Frank Sugden, and the Hon Charlotte Sugden, a son and daughter of the deceased, as executors, and their validity was contested by the defendants, the present Lord St I Leonards and other members of the family, some of whom took part in the suit as inter, General, on the ground substantially that the contents of the alleged will were not set out in the plaintiffs declaration, and that it was destroyed by the deceased with the intention of revoking it, and that the codicils, being dependent on it, also fell with the instrument It appeared that the deceased duly executed a will and eight codicils, which he deposited in a despatch box, the key of which was in his possession, and which was ordinarily kept in the sitting room, except for a period of time when he was ill, when it remained in the keeping of his daughter in an open drawer At the death of Lord St Leonards the will was not forthcoming, and was never found, but the contents of the will were immediately written out by the testator's daughter; who had fre- quently read it, and had assisted in its preparation, was in his entire confidence, had for many years acted as his amanuensis and assisted him in the preparation of his legal books Her statement was confirmed by the codicils, to which she had no opportunity of referring and by declaration of his intentions proved to have been constantly made by the testator On this statement being propounded along with the codicils by the executors, it was held in the Court below that the will was not destroyed same reticence, that it was duly executed and attested and further, that the contents of the will were with a slight exception as set out in the declara- tion. The evidence went to show that beyond occasional irritability and momentary fancies the deceased exhibited no signs of mental decay in the last years of his life, and that his intellect was unclouded up to the time of his death. The Lord Chief Justice, after a careful review of the facts, was of opinion that there was ample evidence to rebut the presumption that the will had been destroyed by the late Lord St. Leonards for the purpose of revoking it. The instrument was kept in a common box easily opened, and was no doubt known by all the inmates of the house to be kept in this box, because the testator was frequently engaged in making will or codicils, and on all those occasions the servants were called in to witness the execution The probability was that the will must have been got at by somebody and sar reptitiously taken away, but who that some body was was one of those mysteries which up to the present time had battled all in quiries With regard to the admissibility of declarations and other secondary evidence as to the contents of the will, no doubt the absence of the document was a serious fact, but he was clearly of opinion that there was before the Court sufficient evidence of their contents It was admitted on all hands that the veracity and honesty of Miss Sugden were beyond all question, and that she had spoken only with a desire of speaking the truth She might have made a few mistakes, but the Court did not attach importance to any Blight confusion on this head into which the lady might have fallen, because it felt that she had given them the substance of the document, and that her statements were fully corroborated by codicil after coal evil, which confirmed and supported her evidence The Court below was quite right in granting probate, and as the parties ought to have been satisfied with that decision the present appeal ought to be dismissed with costs. The Master of the Rolla concurred He further observed that he was perfectly satisfied the testator died in the belief that he had left behind him a will disposing in a manner satisfactory to himself of his whole estate Every proved act of the late Lord St. Leonards' life, with respect to his testamentary disposition, pointed to but one conclusion, and to arrive at a contrary conclusion would be to believe that Lord St Leonards not only spoke a he but acted a he up to the last moment of his existence. He thought the car at law would have done well if he had abstained from bringing this appeal be fore their lordships Lords Justices James Mellish, and Baggallay also concurred, MORMON EMIGRATION TO NEW MEXICO (FROM THE NEW YORK TIMES, AMIL 1 ). The 'Times Salt Lake correspondent pro ffBBes to disclose the details of an intrigue under which the Mormons are arranging to abandon Utah to take possession of New Mexico, and thus get into the Union under the bill for its admission as a State. The correspondent says that initiatory steps have already been taken, and in a short time several thousand Mormons will start for New Mexico In a general way this move ment has been on foot for a considerable time, but nothing occurred to excite suspicion till July last, when S B, Axtell, late Governor of Utah, and well known as stand in g high in the favour and confidence of Brigham Young, was transferred to the Governorship of New Mexico, in which capacity he is enabled to pull the wires and manipulate the schemes of the Mormon Church among the Indians and Spanish people of that territory. Immediate'? on reaching his new field of operations Axtell began his work, and soon after BIRUB began to appear indicating that something suspicious was in the wind. Several Mormon elders were secretly despatched to New Mexico to reconnoitre the country and begin the work of proselytism among the superstitious natives. These went by the Colorado river, and, it is thought, interviewed the Indian tribes on the way. They went to the southern portion of New Mexico, where they are understood to have located and to be actively at work. About the same time the authorities of the church here became Bud deeply impressed with the manifold beauties and importance of the Spanish language, and orders were given to all the young pneate to begin its study, and it became at once a leading branch of Austria tion in the schools. The Book of Mormon was translated into Spanish, and disciples went vigorously to work study ing it Preparations were next made to gain possession of large tracts of land in New Mexico by the purchase of some Spanish grants OiHaJght, and of interest in others The Legislature of New Mexico, under dicta honorable "ring" or speculators, recently passed a law by which a District Court can order the whole of a grant to be sold at public auction upon such notice as it sees fit, upon demand of any one of the parties in interest, no matter how small that interest may be By this means all these grants are to be forced to a sale for cash and, as titles are man unsettled state and most of the papers and records are in the hands of the ring, there can be little competition in bidding, and lands will be obtained at nominal figures. It is arranged that Brigham and his apostles are to furnish most of the money to pay for the lands They will take possession immediately under colour of the Territorial law, until certain bills now pending, introduced by the delegate from New Mexico, S, B. Elkins, for confirmation by Congress of a large number of these claims, can become laws of the United States. The but for the admission of New Mexico as a state is also to be pushed to its passage under the pressure of a strong lobby interested in land speculations. This bill gives to the Governor, Chief Justice, and United States Attorney unlimited power in fixing the time of election, notice to be given, qualification of voters and manner of holding election for the selection of members of the Constitutional Convention. In case of its passage several thousand Mormons will be at once hurried into New Mexico in time to vote at this election and to overcome the present vote, which is understood to be largely against the state project The corre- spondent was also assured that influential personages in Washington are interested in the scheme on the basis of a "dray" from the proceeds of sales of lands to the Mor- mons, who, by getting possession of land grants, will control nearly all the valuable land in the territory, and can exclude Gen- tiles by refusing to sell them any. Further- more, the bill for admiSsion provides that the territory may come into the Union at once upon adopting the Constitution without further action by Congress, and therefore these people can make a Constitution which will render them almost an independent sovereignty. Under the plan of keeping out Gentiles as mentioned, judges and juries will be entirely under the control of the Mormons, and we Ball be confronted with the spectacle of a despotism unequalled this side of Turkey. If the scheme succeeds it will turn New Moneo wholly over to the followers of Brigham Young. and the long-sought kingdom of Mormon will at last be established under the authority of the Government of the United States Its success is considered certain by the faithful here, so much so, that if the State Bill for New Mexico passes the House, I am assured emigration will commence at once, and go on without cessation until the necessary number have occupied the territory. DREADFUL MURDER AT BELFAST. (FROM THE TIMES, MARCH 30 ) One of the most barbarous murders ever committed in the North of Ireland was the subject of a prosecution which terminated on March 22 in a conviction and sentence of death. The advocates of temperance will find in this case an example of the evils of drunkenness, the increase of which has given so much concern to the judges at the assizes. John Daly, the prisoner, was a coal heaver, residing in Belfast-in one of the wretched houses occupied by the working classes with his wife and a daughter, aged 11 or 12 years On the 14th of September last he quarrelled with his wife and turned her out of doors She went for shelter to the house of her aunt, Margaret Whitley, who lived in an adjoining court On the following morning she returned with her aunt to her husband's house, and got in by inducing a boy to climb in through a window and open the door, which the prisoner had locked when going out to his work On his return, about 12 o'clock, he turned them out again, and taking some articles of clothing with him, pawned them for drink He gave the key to his daughter, who let her mother and aunt in The latter had taken drink and lay down on the bed, and refused to leave, though warned not to remain. In the afternoon Daly returned, and finding her there ordered her to yet up. She obstinately refused to stir, and then, seizing a stool, he beat her with it in a savage manner until he broke it, inflicting indescribable wounds on her, which killed her on the spot His daughter saw him through the door striking her, and ran away to give the alarm A child of the murdered woman tried to get in, but found the door locked, and nothing further was done till the next morning, when a factory girl going to her work found the naked body of Margaret Whitley lying in an adjoining court, and gave the alarm to the police. Some articles of dress were found near her, on which were stains of blood, and a room in the prisoner's house, in which there was scarcely an article of furniture, was also stained, and a quilt was saturated with blood A piece of stick, with a nail projecting at the end, which no doubt formed part of the broken stool, was also found, and had evidently been the weapon used by the murderer though there were several wounds on the unfortunate woman s head, they were not sufficient to cause death, but there was a horrible gash in the lower part of the abdomen which had evidently caused it The only defence offered for the prisoner was that he was driven to madness by drink, and had received provocation Some of the jury who convicted him recommended him to mercy on this account, but all did not join in the recommendation, and Baron Fitzgerald in sentencing him to be executed on the 28th of April, held out no hope of any mitigation of the sentence. CRUELTY TO A CHILD. (FROM THE TIMES, MARCH 21) At the Bristol Quarter Sessions on March 30, Mrs Sophia Batten, a widow, living at Clifton, was charged with cruelly ill-treating her servant, Caroline Huddleston, The evidence for the prosecution showed that in May, 1869, the defendant, in company with Major General Macpherson, who was said to be her uncle, took up her abode at Ramsgate, and was there delivered of a female infant. It was registered as Caroline Sophie, child of Philip Huddleston, a lieutenant in the Indian Native Army, and Sophie Huddleston. About four years afterwards the child was sent to a boarding school at East down park, Kent, where she remained until she was 12 years old. During that period defendant was married to a Mr. Batten, by whom (she had a son. Mr. Batten died in a lunatic asylum, and after his death the girl left the boarding school and took up her abode with Mrs Batten at Derby. For the first six weeks she was under the prisoners care she was treated with great kindness, and told to call the accused aunt, but after that period she was subjected to much ill-usage was treated as a servant, beaten, kept with out food, and told she was no relation, and was only kept out of chance, Mrs. Batten subsequently removed to Clifton, where she continued her ill treatment of the girl, who twice ran away from her to escape her cruelty The child declared that she would have been starved had it not been for the kindness" if the servants, who gave her part of their food. She stated that she had been forced to sleep in a passage all night, to dig in the garden at an early hour in the morning, to sweep chimneys, and to do household work beyond her strength, She also alleged that she was never allowed to sit down, and had to take her meals and do large quantities of plain sewing while standing up night The girl's testimony was corroborated by servants who had been in the prisoner's service, and the medical evidence went to show that the child's health had been permanently injured. There was a curvature of the spine, and the chest protruded, these de- formities being attributed to the girl's continually being kept in a forced erect posture Though 15yearsandl0monthBold,Bhe weighed only b81b. The defence was that the girl's story was grossly exaggerated, and witnesses were brought forward who stated that in their presence Mrs. Batten treated the girl kindly. The jury found the prisoner guilty upon three counts in the indictment The Recorder, in passing sentence, said the child had been reduced from a state of perfect health and vigour to a premature old age, to a state of health which would be almost worse than death to her, by the prisoner's cruel and inhuman treatment. He sentenced the defendant to 15 months' hard labour. The sentence elicited loud cheers from a large crowd. THE FALLS OF NIAGARA The New York Herald states that the tempest which raged in the neighbourhood of Buffalo and Toronto on the 10th and 11th of March effected a most remarkable change in the appearance of the rolls of Niagara. For two days the falls presented a most remarkable Bight. The large rocks at the foot of the falls upon the American side, which are generally covered with water to the depth of 15ft or 20ft, were laid bare, and Glass brook, a guide whose name will be familiar to most of those who have visited Niagara during the last 20 years, asserted that he could have walked from the entrance to the "Shadow of the Rock" to the " Cave of the Winds," opposite to the American falls. Between Goat Island and Prospect-park, below the suspension bridge, where the current generally runs at the rate of 20 miles an hour, the water was blown back towards the falls with such force by the wind that the stream might have been crossed on horseback. But the great Horseshoe Fall, on the Canada side, was the most affected by the storm, for it lost more than two thirds of its immense volume of water, and was reduced to the proportions of a mill stream Above Table Rock and as far as Street's Island the stream was for more than 400ft almost dry, and several people crossed from the American to the Canadian Phore without wetting their feet. MISCELLANEOUS. The St. Petersburg correspondent of the North German Gazette writes that the Czar appears very happy to have his daughter, the Duchess of Edinburgh, once more with him His pleased demeanour is generally noticed. Father and daughter are seen much together in public. They take daily drives together and have, among other things, visited various girls'' schools, in the conduct of which the Duchess takes a lively interest. In the Admiralty Division of the High Court of Justice, an order was made on April 6 for the release of the Franconia, which had been arrested at the instance of the proprietors of the steamer Strathclyde and the owners of the cargo on board that ship. It was arranged that £8 per ton and a certain amount for tours should be paid into court as security in respect of the suits instituted on behalf of the owners of the Strathclyde aROiDSt the owners of the-rancomoin a sum of between £00,000 and £70,000, Divers breastwork salving the cargo of the Strathclyde. A hostile encounter has occurred between M I enriched and M Ollivier. The former, aged 33, is the son of the late colonel of Engineers, aide de camp to Marshal Vaillant, the latter, who is nine years younger, is also of good family, and served as a sub lieutenant of Lancers during the war. The cause of the quarrel (says Galignani) was a woman, the sister of a danseuse at the Gaiety Theatre, and the duel was fought at a short distance from Longwy, just across the frontier of Luxembourg. The combat was long and determined, and three times the seconds intervened to allow the adversaries to take rest, at the fourth quack each adversary made a thrust without attempting to parry; M Teuilrbade received a wound in the side, while his sword point entered the breast of M Ollivier, above the nipple, and reached the heart, killing him on the spot. The parties returned to Longwy by the carriage in which they had left in the morning, and where the body of the unfortunate gentleman was embalmed His funeral has since been performed at Maisons Alford, near Paris The Journal de Charleroi reports an extraordinary accident as having occurred at Ardennes, near Namur, to the express train from Cologne to Paris. After leaving Aden ces the engine ran into a cart laden with gunpowder that was crossing the line at the moment The shock caused an immediate explosion, and the tram is stated to have been lifted completely off the line and settled down again on the rails All the carriages were more or less damaged, the glass windows being destroyed, and the curtains burnt The smoke produced by the explosion was so great that the employés at first imagined that the engine itself had exploded It appears that the cart, which was laden with three barrels of gunpowder, had incautiously been allowed to cross the rails at the moment the express was due The driver of the cart and the horse were both seriously injured, the cart being smashed to fragments. The windows of the adjoining houses were also destroyed Strange to say, the passengers in the train all escaped serious injury whilst the carriages had the appearance of having been on fire. Thirty survivors from the Strathmore arrived at Rangoon by the Childers, which received them from the American whaler Young Phnix, A telegram received late- in March says that most of them are progressing. favourably. Jackson, one of the sailors, however, is frost bitten, and John Nickolls consumptive Mr. Charles Words worth and Mrs. Wordsworth are well. The third officer, carpenter, and cook of the Strathmore have arrived at Southampton. Signor Rossi was to make his first appearance before an English audience in Italian, at Drury Lane Theatre, on April 19 His opening piece was to be "Hamlet' Signor Salvin has appeared in Edinburgh in " Othello," and has had a cordial reception He comes to London early in the summer. It is said that efforts are again being made to secure the appearance of Mdme. Listen, Signor Salvin, and Signor ROSSI in the same play. The plays spoken of are "Macbeth," with Salvini as Macbeth Mdme. Risien as Lady Macbeth, and Rossi as Macduff", and " Hamlet," with Salvini as Hamlet Risien as the Queen, and Rossi as the Ghost The Steamship Octavia, which was tape tured by a Spanish man-of-war near St Thomas's, has been released. She was suspected of having arms and ammunition for the Cuban insurgents, and before she was released her master furnished Sir William Grey, the Governor, with security against her acting in any way illegally. 