The Colliery Townships. WALLSEND.' ' ' ' Accidekt in the Pit. — Yesterday morn ing a man named Parsons, while walking in the Wallaend pit fell down' the ' sump,' a dis tance of thirty feet, and brake several of his ribs. The place is a sort of reservoir for the pit-water; and however Parsons managed to fall into the shaft is at present not' known. After being conveyed home he was immedi ately attended hv Dr. Nash, and to-day is pronounced out of danger. : ,-,',';. . Wilson's' Palace , Circus. — This great combination of artistes Jiave received permis sion' to erect their laTge tent; on' the ; , Wails end cricket' ground- ? ;?'??' '?-' ?????? Opening of the New Congregational Chubch.— This really handsome place of wor ship was opened for Divine Worship on Sunday last by the Rev. Mr, Gains ford of Sydney, who officiated morn ing, afternoon, and evening., Upon each oc casion the Targe church was crowded to ex cess. , To-night (Monday) a- tea and public meeting is to be held, at which rev. gentlemen from Sydney, ? Maitland, arid Newcastle will be presene. Influenza, — This unwelcome visitor has made its appearance in Wallsend during the week; but at present children' only are the sufferers. . : Bazaar. — The Ladies' Committee, in con nection with the Wesloyan Bazaar, is progres sing most favourably, and it is anticipated that it will bo tbe grandest affair of tbe sort ever. Been in the district. , ? j Lectures.— The ; Rev. Mr. , , Gainsford, of Sidney, delivered a moat excellent lecturaon ??Tempi'ranco,' ut tho Primitive Methodist Church, nn SutiiHuy lust. There was a very im-fcH atteuJancH. On FrMay evening, J. Paxlnn, Esq., J.P., of Sydney, delivered an in teresting' leolure on ' Psalmody,' at the Presbyterian Church. ?' A Ghost Story. — Wallsend possosses an oth«r ghost story. This time it appears a most veritable-apparition'. ''~A certain resident of Wallaend was leturning from Lamb ton on Saturday night, 'and when ripi thin a few hun dred yards, of the new tunnel he.snw a man sitting nn a log near the roadside, half way up the hill. The mooh/at the time was shining brightly. Directly the 'Wallsend gentleman came up, tho apparition glided off tbe log to another further, up the;.h|ll. 'The. pedestrian felt a sort 'of tremor 'creep' over him, but determined to go up once more, and com menced whistling. along the road keeping his eye 6xed upon the ghost/ When within ibbut. ten yards the.' thing' again glided- off the lon- and stood in the middle of '.he road, fur ther along. The man shouted to the 'appari tion, who, in response, folded- its arm* upon its chest antT glided away out of sight. It appears that this is not the first time tlie'snmb ghost Iiab been aetm ; and, strange to relate, the shade only appears tho night previous to the full moon,* and always at the same place. Public Meeting. — A meeting was held at X IdUbBUUI gU UU X' I lUHjr GTCUIug| cw jjuiuj ' Hotel, to take' further measures with 'reference to the division of tbo municipality. After several formal motions in favour of separation had been adopted, the meeting, which was not a large one, terminated. ? ' . Protestant Hall. — This building is nearly, completed, . and ia the most substantial in Wallsend. Whan finished; there ?'will' be plenty of room for a thousand people, and, without exception, It will.be the 'fJDest hull for accommodation in the Northern districts. The auditorium is capacious, and well ventilated. Tbe stage is large, deep, and sounds' to per fection. The gallery is built upon the most approved principle, and last, but not least, the roof is devoid of the noisy zinc, and is covered with slate. This edifice, which is an acquisi tion to the district, refleot the highest credit upon the builder and arohitect. The opening jeremdny, it is understood, will be upon a very gnand scale. . 