JOHN RENTON: A ROMANCE OF THE SOUTH SEAS.—VI. [From the Brisbane Courier.] it was not altogether m such peaceful avocations as were described in oar last issue that Renton's existence was spent. The placid tenor of snch a life was frequently interrupted by more stirring incidents. To all intents and purposes Renton had become to the savages as one of themselves. He accompanied them on their trading voyages in their canoes, visited with them friendly villages, and even in times of peace pene trated with them to the settlements of bush tribes, whereat first he was still regarded as a sort of curiosity—a feeling which luckily found expression in most cases in his being made much of and offered the best of every thing, especially in the way of eating. In like manner he took part in the feuds of his tribe, and accompanied them on more sangui nary expeditious. Among these people, separated as they are into countless tribes or communities, peace was a very uncertain commodity. Every action of their lives was pervaded by their superstitions, and in no faith is the doctrine of the atonement of blood more prominently held or more prac tically carried out. Very trifling circum stances might involve what, according to their beliefs, were awful and serious effects. Their gods were understood to concern them selves with every action of their lives, and a forcible part of their creed seems to have been that these deities were jealous gods. If offended the gods were not be appeased except by the deathof someone, notnecessaiily, however, the offender himself. The idea of vicarious sacrifice was a natural outcome of these ideas. A man might find himself the subject of divine displeasure through no fault of his own. In case of petty squabbles, men had an awk ward habit of cursing one another, that is to say, invoking the hatred of the gods upon the person cursed. This luckless individual conceived himself thereupon to be in a critical situation. Unless he could avert the influences thus called down upon him he regarded himself as doomed to destruction. 'A life—his life—had been devoted to the gods, and they would by no means relinquish so sweet an offering. But fortunately they were not particular; another man's life would satisfy them and remove the curse. Under audi circumstances; therefore, the banned man would appeal to his friends, to his tribe, to assist bim in finding and patting to death a saviour. The appeal was never in vain, and the warriors of the village would take to the canoes and set out on an expedition for no other purpose than to kill somebody, and thus relieve their comrade of the celestial displeasure. Retaliations would, of course, follow the success of their mission, and an active war would speedily be raging between them and some other tribe of which a member had been surprised and slaughtered. This, it must he admitted, was a superstition suffi ciently calculated to make,-singly, life in the island passably lively and exciting, bat at least it had the advantage of arising from a preventable and well-understood cause. A second superstition is still more cheerful. At their meals these savages are most particular to clear up every particle of the fragments of their food. It is an understood thing among them that should any secret enemy, any false friend, manage to obtain posession of the minntest crumb of food of which they had partaken, of a hair of their head, or a paring of their nails, he held them in his power. Armed witn tins minute article he could privately present himself before the grinning gods in his hat, and casting before them on the sacred space the article speak the name of the person he desired to injure and invoke evil fate for him.' These occult practices are extremely interesting on account of their similarity to the reputed tricks of magicians and •witches a few centuries ago in Europo, The inevitable result of these practices was the destruction of the person against whom they were aimed. He was certain to die. He might linger a few days in a rapid dceline, hut more frequently he would be smitten with unspeakable tortures, go raving mad, and be a corpse in a few hours. On the occurrence of such a catastrophe a new actor would make his appearance on the scene. The relatives of the deceased would with as little delay as possible address them selves to a powerful magician, of which class a few are to be found in every part of the island. This sage, after proper satisfaction had been given mm in the matter of remune ration—and he would charge extremely heavily—would come to the spot where the tragedy had occurred, and institute some mysterious ceremonies in presence of the gods. These ceremonies involved of course the usual accompaniment of roast pig. Benton's knowledge of the details of such proceedings is limited to what he him self was told by others, and is somewhat cloudy. He found it prudent to keep in the background on such occasions, as it was in timated to him that there were some things too sacred for vulgar eyes. As he had shown some disposition to hold the religious prin ciples and doctrines Of the islanders in light esteem, his enquiries were never fully satis fied on this particular point. Some things he was instructed were above reason, and must be understood by faith, and it is a circumstance worthy of comment that he professed a distinct belief in the reality of the effects of the necromantic processes in question, while he spoke somewhat slight ingly of all the other superstitions which he had been afforded an opportunity of fairly examining into. What might be the nature of the ritesgoelebrated by the weird necro mancer must consequently be left to the imagination. While .they were in progress, which was invariably at dead at night, the friends of the deceased remained in awe struck attendance, while the wizard hovered around the corpse, doing something with occult substances which he carried about him—some the South Sea substitutes, no doubt, for the "tongue of newt and toe of frog," and other obscene matters approved by the witches in " Macbeth." The exercise of the wizard's powers resulted, at a certain stage, in a singular light issuing from the head of the corpse, rising above it, and floating and flickering in the air. After a while it made its wavering way out of the hut, and flitted away through the village and ont over the water, increasing in magnitude till it assumed the brightness and semblance of almost a star. As it quitted the body and tutted through the Tillage the watchers silently followed it, embarking in their canoes and grimly paddling after it into the darkness of the night Wherever the light might go thither they would follow, preserving all the time perfect silence. It might take them to a village miles away, or it might circle round and bring them back to the very hut they had started from, but in any case it would settle at last on the roof which sheltered the criminal. Arrived there its form wo aid again alter, and it would spread and swell till the whole hut roof would appear as if throwing off tongues of pale and livid fire. The avengers would await the conclusion, coming noiselessly as near as possible; and before long the super* natural presenoe would affect the sleeper, who would be heard to moan and cry out in his deep, oppressed witha nameless terror, bathed in sweat, the hair of his flesh arising, and sometimes awaking witha start tornshoutand bury himself in the bush, or fling himself into the sea, as if chased by some horrible thing. Whatever might at that moment be his fate, the avengers would perhaps return to their homes as silently as they had quitted them. The man's fate was none the less decided. He must die! Anil thus another war would originate. * We do not propose to enter into specu lation as to the amount of facts contained in this narration, or the foundation for so extra ordinary a superstition. Benton himself did not profess to describe it from observation, bnt merely to repeat the accounts he received from natives. Of the existence of the superstition, pretty much in the form in which he has given it, we have no doubt. Although Benton is an intelligent and smirt yonng fellow, we do not credit him with capacity to invent so weird a story. Among communities which gave accep tance to superstitions so ticklish in their nature it is apparent that constant fends must unavoidably break out. A little impul sive cursing might at any time cause the individual banned to feel under a necessity to take somebody's life, and the slaughter of a member of another tribe—and a stranger would for obvious reasons be sacrificed— would at once involve entire villages in open war. It'was well for Benton that he had time to become fairly naturalized among his captors before any troubles arose, as the con venience of knocking a friendless stranger on the head in place of under taking a perilous expedition in search of a native victim and of having afterwards to Bustain the reprisals of his kindred, would undoubtedly have been too tempting to be withstood. As it was, he chanced to fall into the islanders during "piping times of peace." He early formed an idea, however, as to the ordinary condi tion of affairs. The village where he lived was surrounded by a ruinous and decayed breastwork of logs, the remaining tokens of a Homeric siege winch his entertainers had undergone. What was the original cause, "the direful spring," of the "woes un numbered" which fell upon this South Sea Tioy he unluckily did not gather. Some trifling matter became aggravated by reprisals till the inhabitants of this particular village found themselves threatened with a combined attack of an overwhelming force of other natives. They had, however, sufficient warning to enable them to prepare for resis tance, and worked desperately cutting logs and rafting them from the mainland to their village, and erecting the solid and lofty breastwork which still remains in places to testify to their labours. They had their wooden rampart completed in good time, and shortly after its completion their foes, in countless canoes, swooped down upon them. The breastwork served its purpose by pre venting the assailants from taking advan tage of their superiority in numbers and storming the village. According to the story, they did try to break through the weaker parts of the defences once or twice, bnt were repulsed, some very pretty fighting taking place on those occasions. Foiled in this direction they did jnst what any European army would probably have done under similar circumstances. They invested the place, and settled down to all the formalities of a regular siege and blockade. The besieged found this rather a serious matter. They were cat off from their water supply, and in default of fishing and trading became rapidly impoverished, especially as they had to con sume their national wealth in the form of pigs. At first, some desperate expeditions by night managed to slip through the circle of blockading canoes and bring back supplies of water in the same way; but "forlorn hopes" of this description became such desperate service, and the besiegers became so watchful, that they had to be discontinued. When every cocoanut had been drained of its jnice, and death by thirst and starvation stared these Trojans in the face, they at length deigned to treat with a view to peace. Capitulation they do not appear to have entertained the idea of, probably because the result of capitulation would be wholesale slaughter. However, they were successful in obtaining terms by surrendering to the enemy the persons of one or two individuals who had been prominent in the troubles which originated the war. With these expiatory offerings the besieging allies were content, and forthwith raised the blockade and returned to their homes. This struggle was remarkable chiefly on acoount of the dura tion of the resistance offered and of the extent of the forces engaged. Benton's acquaintance with this sort of business was not fated to be gained from hearsay only. He took part with his tribe in various warlike expeditions and afirays. On one occasion the inhabitants of a sea-sur rounded village at some distance had given his friends some grievous offence. Their fault was declared past forgiveness, especially as it was considered that the gods had by the same matter,, whatever it was, been in sulted; from which it would appear that these savages are as ready as civilized people to discover that any one who does anything distasteful to them at the same time cer tainly insults Providence. A sudden raid against the offending village was conse quently determined on, and just before dawn one morning the war canoes arrived off its margin, and glided noiselessly to land, when, before a single sleeper had stirred, the whole body, with Benton among them, burst into the village like a legion of devils. The un happy wretches thus surprised had not a ghost of a chance either to resist or to escape. Their canoes had been cut adrift and re moved just before the assault; as fast as they rushed out of their huts they were clubbed, speared, or shot with arrows, aud in a few minutes the adult males of the village were exterminated. One warrior, Benton remem bers, by desperate courage and singular good fortune, ran the gauntlet of a hundred blows aimed at him as he emerged from his hut and dashed towards the water. He gained the margin, and plunged in till he stood up to his shoulders in water, facing his pursuers, and diverting with the bow he held in his hand the arrows which were shot and the spears which were launched at his head. So desperate was his aspect, that although twenty pursuers dashed in after him, he held them at defiance and stood at bay, none daring to attack him hand to hand and face to face. At last, however, his fate came. A cunning warrior had unobserved swam out, and now silently came behind him with spear poised ready to strike. One moment he was glaring in bold defiance of the overwhelming array he faced—the next the treacherous blow had struck him where the skull joins the neck; his head fell forward, his nostrils gurgled a moment under water, and then his corpse floated on the sea and was triumphantly seized by two score eager hands. The slain were beheaded, and the gory spoils collected to grace the victors' triumphal return. As to the fate of the women aud children Benton was not explicit, and we did not preBB for particulars which he seemed reluc tant to give. The reader may consequently indulge his imagination as to how a number of helpless females and infants were likely to be dealt with after the destruction of their protectors and bread-winners. Another expedition in which Benton took part was round to the other side of the island against a tribe who had their habita tions on the main island, close to the beach. This raid was not quite so " successful" as the previous one. The time of arrival off the scene of action had not been so judiciously arranged, and the threatened tribe saw the gallant warriors approaching, and inconti nently fled into the interior. Baulked of their prey, the invaders made the best of their disappointment by setting fire to the abandoned huts, and, as is the manner of gallant warriors of all nations, in effecting a reasonable amount of loss and suffering where tney were unaoie to murder. As tney bustled about ill tbe enjoyment of this occu pation they were disagreeably interrupted on a sudden by a rapid succession of arrows falling among them, discharged by a single hero, who from the margin of the bush thus resented their proceedings. According to JRenton this solitary patriot was in a state of mind much akin to the Malay a-muck; that is to say, excited to a point approaching mania and utterly regardless of his own life. At any rate he con tinned to shower his shafts on the men who were engaged in destroying his beloved home, regardless of the fact that a strong detachment of skirmishers had been detailed and were rapidly catting off his retreat, and approaching him from behind, closing their ranks as they neared him. He continued wildly to shoot his arrows, even while his enemies closed upon him, and was fitting another shaft to the string when a dozen weapons simultaneously crashed upon his skull or were plunged into his body. A few moments more and his carcass was mangled in a fearful manner, every raw lad on his first war expedition being eager to flesh his maiden weapons, in order that on his return he might boast in the village how he had struck a mighty man of war. Ultimately the headless carcass was heaved high in air on the points of a score of spears, and flung upon the blazing roof of the hut, the destruction of which its life had been thrown away to revenge. In reconnting these exploits, Benton, so recently removed from native influences and savage ideas, could not help warming up a bit, and his quickened utterance and flashing eyes showed that he had not yet dissociate! the recollections from a sentiment of glory and distinction. v:r. The hopes of ultimate release or rescue which Benton all along clung to were not entirely based on vagae expectations. Having had no means of marking the flight' of time, his chronology is rather uncertain, but he believes it was when he had been about two years on the island that an incident occurred which served subsequently to keep his hopes alive, although, at the same time, it raised for the moment an acute feeling of disappointment. It appears that the master of a schooner trading with the island of Isabelle heard from the natives there rumours of the existence of a white captive among the savageB of Malayta. This worthy seaman at once bestirred himself about the matter, and induced some of the Isabelle natives to proceed to Malayta in a canoe and endeavour to bring the captive back with them. They arrived at the village where Benton and his unfortunate companions had first landed, and which it may be mentioned was inhabited by a tribe kindred to his actual detainers; in fact, by a colony from the village he was carried off to. They had, how ever, no success. The natives were afraid that they might be in some way injured, and Benton's patron had no mind to relinquish him.. On the return of the canoe to Isabelle the captain was not to be discouraged. Possibly the accounts his envoys brought him only strengthened the evidence as to the existence of a white man. Anyhow, on leaving Isabelle he brought his ship over to Malayta, and lay-to opposite the village where his messengers had landed. There, the natives being peaceable at the time, he went ashore and searched every hut and every corner in the endeavour to come across some signs of the presence of a European. In this search he was utterly foiled, as the natives, suspecting his object and fearful of reprisals in connection with the death of the man whom they had clubbed, had removed right away into the bush every article such as he was in search of which they possessed, amongst which were the fragments of the boat Benton and his companions had arrived in, and which had been broken up for the sake of the nails and ironwork. Still un convinced, the sturdy skipper left in charge of one of the chiefs a letter for any white man who might be in durance on the island, and, that done, proceeded on his voyage. It was not till two months had elapsed that Benton came to know anything, about the pains which had been taken for his re lease. At the expiration of that time the natives of the village where the captain had landed paid a visit to that where he was, and a chief of the name of Bhombo took from the bag which every native carries slung under his arm some English money and the letter ! As may readily be imagined, Benton was extremely excited at the sight of it, but all he could get was permission to look at—not to keep it. He read it over and over again, and the words sank into his memory never to be erased. It was directed "To a White Man," and ran as follows :— " Schooner Bose and Thistle. " It has been reported to me that there have been white men on this island. I have searched all over, bat can find no traces at all. If any white man should chance to get this, he should try and get across to Isabelle, where vessels frequently call. In two months I shall return to Bueotta Island, and if a white man could make his way there by that time, I will give him a passage to Sydney. I leave a pencil in this. [The pencil was gone.l " Capt. Macfablane " If Captain Macfarlane, of the Sydney schooner Rose and Thistle, should chance to read this article, he will probably become one of the number of persons who having done "good by stealth blush to find it fame." It is true that the first effect of his letter, received as it was after the time for his return had already almost expired, was to make poor Kenton almost wiLd with dis appointment to think that rescue had been so near, so heartily attempted, and yet had failed. His patron, Cabough, absolutely refused to allow him to go to Buootta Island, and altogether his spirits were in great commotion for some time after. The permanent effect of the letter was, however, to encourage him to hop e that ultimate release would yet be attained. If one captain could hear at Isabelle of hi« existence, and that island was so much frequented by vessels, other captains would probably also come to know of his existence, he reasoned, and would seek him out. Borne up by these hopes his days would have passed over comfortably enough. In every respect save licence to leave, he was treated as one of the tribe where he lived, until at last vessels engaged in the infamous South Sea slave trade suddenly made their appearance at the island, and commenced a series of outrages which spread mourning and desolation through almost every village on the coast, and left the survivors frantic with rage and supersti tion. For years before this such vessels as had visited Isabelle had been peaceful traders, bartering beads, axes, and such trifles for yams, cocoanuts, and other native commodities; and the savages had accus tomed themselves to go out to such vessels in their canoes without fear or misgiving. When the dermad for coloured labourers in Fiji, and perhaps in Queensland, sprang up, of a sudden these peaceful traders were supple mented by vessels which were neither more nor less than slavers, who took advantage of the existing confidence felt by the natives to carry out their piratical outrages. In the coarse of two or three months five or six of these vessels made their appearance at the island. The natives at first went off to them as usual in their canoes, when the scoundrel whites smashed the frail barks by dashing heavy pieces of iron through their bottoms, careless whether—as frequently happened— some unfortunate wretch might be in the way, and have his limbs shattered by the missile. Sometimes the wretched victims would resist, in which case the rifle would be used to shoot down the boldest, strongest, and most prominent, and the rest would then be secured. By these practices the natives were swept off by hundreds in a very brief space. There was scarcely a village but had to mourn the loss of some of its people. The inhabitants were convulsed with grief, terror, and rage. Their fury was the greater on account of the ideas they held as to the fate of the men who had been carried off by the slavers. Of any mode of life differing from their own they were incapable of forming an idea. Ronton was at first occasionally asked to describe the white man's way of living, and used to enter into descriptions of great cities, hones and oarriages, railways, factories, steamships, and so forth, but his auditors would scold him for telling lies, or relapse into con temptuous or apathetic indifferenoe to his narrations. They could not comprehend how such things could be. Their conceptions were that the whole human race lived under conditions little different from their own. The white man onlypresented himself to them as a nomadic race eternally roving about over the sea in his bigcanoes. If the white man had any island at all, they argued, it must be a very little one—much smaller than their magni ficent Malayta—otherwise they would not require to leave it and come trading for yams and cocoanuts. They themselves traded for such things because they could not live without them, and they could come to no other conclusion except that the white man was governed by the same necessities. Their theory as to the disposal of their j captured friends was that the white man, 1 having been evidently a long time sailing about on the barren ocean—even if he did not continually live there—was under the necessity from time to time of obtaining fresh provisions, 'and when pressed h? hunger swooped down on some island and snapped up as many inhabitants as he could, thus obtaining a fresh stock of meat! Ti ; village where Kenton resided had, fortunately for him, been exceptionally favoured in not losing a single man. Some of his people indeed had a narrow escape. One day a fore-and-aft schooner made its appearance off the village, but outside the reef. Kenton chanced at the time to be on the mainland facing the village, but per ceiving the vessel left his companions and swam across to the village. He arrived too late, however. A number of natives had just returned in their canoe from a visit to the schooner. As soon as the vessel had ap peared they had put off with a quantity of cocoanuts and tertoisesheil to trade, and had gone alongside the schooner, which had ranged close to the reef. Some pipes were handed to them, and every effort made to in duce them to go on board or follow the vessel further out. The men were suspicious, however, and fancied that mischief was meant from the manner of the whites. Benton concluded that, once on board, the natives would have been overpowered and clapped under hatches, and that the only reason the canoe was not swamped in the usual manner with iron was that the men couly easily have escaped by Bwimming among the reefs before they could be caught. Consequently the poor fellow on arriving at the village after his swim found the canoe's crew just returned highly excited with the danger they believed themselves to have escaped, and under the circumstances of course the idea of taking him off was scouted. Thus one chance of rescue, which would have shortened Benton's detention very consider ably, was lost, not so much through the in disposition of the savages to part with him, as owing to the scoundrelism of people of his own race. That the natives had not been alarmed without reason by the demeanour of the crew of the vessel was sufficiently demonstrated before long by the arrival of tidings thac the same vessel, on the same day, kidnapped fonr canoes full of men a short distance to the northward. A short time after this a larger vessel made its appearance at another island to the south ward, bat peopled by the same race, and in constant communication with the Malay tan 3. Two big canoes pat off to trade with this vessel, and when they had got quite close to her were received with a volley of musketry, which killed a young chief and another man. The rest of the natives jumped into the water, abandoning their canoes and their trade, and swam for their lives. The vessel, however, pat out two boats and caught most of the unfortunate wretches, those who re sisted to a troublesome degree being mur dered in the water. Two men were, how ever, lucky enough to escape from their clutches as night was just falling. They were a frightful distance from land, but by swim ming all night managed to reach the shore just before daylight. The body of the young chief drifted ashore, and the wrath and grief of his father, a powerful chief, knew no bounds. He thirsted for vengeance on the white men, and, failing other means of wreaking it, remembered that Benton was one of the detestable and trea cherous race. He accordingly nego tiated with Benton's village for possession of him. it was well for Renton that he had chanced to be with the most powerful tribe on the island. Had such not been the case he would certainly either have been sur rendered through fear or seized with violence. As it was, he bid fair to emulate the cele brity of the fair Helen, and become the cause of another great war. Knowing that threats or violence were alike futile whilst Renton was protected by his tribe, the wily old chief appealed to their cupidity. He offered a great store «f porpoise teeth and other native valuables for him, and he almost prevailed. A period of excruciating anxiety to Renton, and for which he had to thank the crimeB of his own countrymen, succeeded. The whole of bis tribe were willing enough to surrender him in exchange for the price offered, and in order to preserve peace, with the solitary exceptions of his constant patron, the young chief Cabongh, and some of the women folks. Cabough's wife would not hear of his being given up, and as a matter of course Cabough himself was strengthened in his reluctance by such concurrence. The commoner sort did not dream of resistingthewishesof their chief, and for a time the offer of the old chief was re fused. Still the poor lad's life was inconstant peril. The old chiefs idea had acted as a sort of revelation all over the island. It struck the natives as the very thing suitable under the circumstances, and in every part a great price was put upon Renton's head. For twelve months he carried his life in his hand. He was never safe for a moment. Any bush might hide an assassin eager to slay him, and his very companions might at any time resolve to get rid of him as a constant source of difficulty and a possible cause of war. As their superstitions had a large share in keep ing alive this <\esiro for vengeance on the part of 4he nativfcs, it being considered that one cause of the calamities which they had suffered at the hands of the white pirates was the displeasure of their gods, who re quired to be propitiated by the immolation of one of the detested race, it is probable that Renton would ultimately have fallen a victim had not fate willed that the expiation should be made fay others. About twelve months from the commence ment of these troubles a number of iarge canoes were seen approaching the village crowded with natives, who were yelling and shouting in a most extraordinary maimer. The villagers at once concluded that what had long been expected had at last come about, and that they were going to be exposed to a regular attack in resentment of their continuing to sheltor Kenton. They were in a great state of confusion and excite ment. While the warriors flew to arms seme discussed the propriety of averting the attack and putting an end to the chance of its repetition at any future time by giving up Benton at once. It is difficult to say what determination they might have come to, but as the canoes approached it was perceived that although their crews were in a great state of commotion their object was not an attack. As they came close Benton under stood what had happened. The approaching natives were decked out in white shirts and various articles of European clothing, and he at once inferred that some unlucky vessel had fallen into their hands. The visitors landed amidst a tremendous uproar. Every one of them had some part of the spoils of a ship. Some had wheels from the works of a clock suspended as ornaments from their ears and noses, and among them were distributed sheets of paper, apparently part of a ship's log or account books, fragments of chrono meters and telescopes, crockery, bits of cabin fittings, the carol of a compass, and a hundred heterogenous articles, which showed that Kenton's surmise was only too true. A small vessel, which, from the description given, Kenton imagines to have been some sort of yacht, as it had very low bulwarks, made its appearance off the village where these natives belonged, and had anchored close to it, just outside the reef. The major part of its crew had gone ashore, and had been enticed by the natives, by signs, among the huts. Once fairly in their power, and separated from one another, the miserable victims were set on and slaughtered with clubs and spears. Only three men remained on board the vessel, and the savages proceeded at onoe in their canoes to attack them. The unhappy men perceived their object, and, after a futile endeavour to weigh anchor, slipped the cable and made sail. Unluckily there was not sufficient wind to enable them to outspeed their pursuers, who swept the decks with showers of arrows. The man steering stood by the helm with magnificent deter mination, but the bulwarks being too low to afford him any shelter, he was in a few minutes pierced by so many arrows that before he finally sunk dead on the deck he absolutely bristled with them. Of his com panions, one was killed, and the other, wouxded in the arm with a poisoned arrow, was captured alive. The vessel, being under no guidance, drifted on to the reef and beosme a wreck, being of conrse thoroughly looted by the exulting savages. It has always been thought that a wound from a poisoned arrow is inevitably fatal, but in the case of the survivor from this massacre an exception seems to have occurred. The natives used to ask Kenton about this time whether hot water was a cure, as their cap tive used to pour warm water through the hole in his arm made by the arrow, and did not die, at which they were much astonished. Kenton was naturally eager to go and see the prisoner, but could not obtain permission to do so, which proved a great misfortune to him, as not long jrfter the massacre—about six months, in fact—a man-of-war arrived off the village where the wounded man was detained, bringing back some natives who had been kidnapped by Fijian slavers, and had been impounded by Her Majesty's cruiser, who were there and th; n restored to their people. The prisoner was at the same time taken off, hut it was Benton's impres sion that he had become imbecile. We have an idea that Benton learned something about this rescue from the people on board the Bobtail Nag after his own release, but unluckily we are not fully informed on the point. At the same time there is an impression in our mind that we read, a few years ago, of the rescue by one of her Majesty's schooners, of a man in a state [of imbecility who was the survivor of some catastrophe on the islands. Anyhow, the man never having seen Benton was presumably ignorant of his existence, and the natives held their tongues, so that it came about that the schooner sailed off with the one man, her officers never dreaming that within a few miles along the coast another poor fellow, who had been for six years in the hands cf the savages, was sighing for relief. One good result, however, affected Benton from the circumstances just narrated. By the slaughter of the unlucky crew of the first vessel the vengeance of the natives was appeased, and by the return of their friends from bondage their feelings with regard to white men in general were mollified. They began to see that there were good and bad of that colour, and Benton could once more breathe freely, and move about without risk ing his life. It will be perceived that vessels had com menced to visit Malayta with considerable frequency for the last year or so. In fact that remote and obscure island had been as it were rediscovered, and it was not ipany months after the appearance of the man-of war schooner that a Queensland labour vessel put in an appearance and recruited from the village where Benton had just landed Borne twenty men, amongst whom were acquain tances of his own. These went of their own free will, but still, whether owing to diffi culties in making themselves understood, or from a cautious reticence, not a hint was given of Benton's existence. When some visitors from that village subsequently came to his, and he learnt from them the circumstances which had occurred, he was half frantic with disappointment, ana impressed upon some 01 the visitors with whom he was on terms of intimate friendship his absorbing desire to get away, and assured them that valuable presents would be given them by any white man to whom they might give such informa tion and assistance as should lead to his re lease. They were moved by his anxiety and by the prospect of reward, and promised faithfully that the very next vessel that might call would be apprised of his existence and whereabouts, and that they would come and let him know when any vessel did make its appearance. vni. The numerous visits latterly made by vessels, as recounted in our last issue, and Kenton's undisguised anxiety to leave, had now made the question of his being permitted to depart—should another chance occur—a subject much discussed among the natives. The general feeling was decidedly favourable to the fulfilment of his wishes, but his patron or owner—the young chief Cabough—main tained a cold reserve, which augured ill for his concurrence. It was not long before the matter was brought to an issue. About two months after the Queensland vessel mentioned in our last had left, the schooner Bobtail Nag made its appearace on a re cruiting cruise off the same village, and established communications with the natives. Faithful to their promise, Benton's savage friends acquainted her commander with the fact of his existence, and Captain Murray proved himself a worthy successor to Captain Macfarlane, of the Kose and Thistle, by promptly giving presents to informants to induce them to go for the castaway. John Benton was asleep in the hut which he shared with about 30 natives. A mat among the rafters over his head contained some pork and yams, the remnant of his share of a feast which had taken place the previous day. About midnight a small canoe containing two natives reached his village, and the messengers entering his hut roused him with the intelligence that they had been sent for him by a ship which awaited him off their village. His agitation was extreme. Hastily handing to the messengers of good tidings his store of food he hurried to the next hut in which slept a particular chum, his partner in the manufacture of many a canoe, and waking him communicated the wonderful news. This man was possessed of more intelligence than most of his race. He alone used to take an interest in Benton's descriptions of the white man's country and its marvels, and he had often said that if Benton should ever get a chance of returning he would accompany him. It is an instance of Benton's plain good sense and natural conscientiousness that he had always reasoned with this man against his doing anything of the sort, on the grounds that having a wife and children dependent on him for food he had no right to leave them. Still he knew this man to be greatly interested in the subject of his release, and uncompromisingly favourable to it, and ac cordingly sought his counsel at once. Other natives were wakened, and there was great ex citement and interest on all hands. The ques tion was whether the mighty Cabough would, now that the mattter was brought to a crisis, give his consent to Benton's deliverance. The night dragged slowly on in spite of in cessant and exciting discussion, till towards morning Cabough made his appearance among them to enquire the meaning of the bustle and agitation which had begun to pervade the village. Being made aware of what had occurred the messengers were made to relate their story once more and to exhibit the presents they had received. Benton's distress was extreme to find that after hearing all they had to say Cabough made no sign. He said nothing, and held himself coldly aloof from the eager conversation of the others. It was in vain that Benton turned the conversation to the splendid presents which assuredly awaited those who should deliver him up to his white brothers; and that the natives indirectly expressed their desire that his wishes should be gratified. Still Cabough stalked about in moody isolation, giving no indication from his abstracted manner that he felt an interest in the affair. Benton was desperate ; and the suspense was tor turing. When the tardy daylight at length appeared, Cabough deigned to speak. Without expressing his ultimate intentions he ordered a canoe to be prepared, and signified his commands that Benton should accompany him to the village where the vessel was waiting. Twenty savages formed the crew, and at hist they set off. The issue was, however, as yet far from assured. The gods had to be consulted. Modern spiritualists will find encouragement in the means adopted in this as in any other critical case. As the savages rowed along they chanted an invocation to the deities, praying them to signify whether they approved of the contemplated release of the white man. It appears that the Malaytans are not a wicked or a perverse generation; for, praying for-a sign, it was not denied them. The manner in which the deities— the dead and gone ancestors of the enquirers —communicated with their invokers must be regarded as inexpressibly curious, in view of the history of modern spiritualism, with its rappings and table-tiltings. These South Sea spirits did not tilt tables—perhaps because there were no tables to tilt—nor did they rap, but they did something more than analogous—they rocked the canoe! The big canoe in which Benton was being conveyed at each pause in the supplicatory chaut of the savages violently swayed from side to side—so violently, in fact, as to threaten an overset! Lest, however, believers in spiritualism should be too elated at this apparent corro boration of their beliefs, it may be as well to mention that on enquiring particularly of Benton what he considered to be the real cause of ,'the canoe's rocking in this extraor dinary fashion, he said he supposed the natives did it themselves. Further ques tioned, however, he said that to all ap pearance they were perfectly passive, and his only reason for believing they caused the motion was that he couldn't see how else it could occur. In the present instance the responses to this remarkable phase of spiritualistic invo cation appear to have been favourable to Benton's desires, as the voyage was con tinned, and in time the canoe carried its occupants to the village from whence the messengers of the preceding night had come. Benton's heart beatfastas he perceived in the offing, beyond the reel, his longed-for ark of refuge—a European schooner, tacking off and on to maintain its position. Another agony of suspense was, however, still before him. The savages unanimously refused to take him off to the ship. They would do nothing unless the captain would come and give them presents. Benton was nearly out. of his senses with apprehension that he would misB even this chance after alL imagination saw in every manoeuvre of the schooner a preparation - to run to sea. At length his entreaties prevailed on two friends to take a canoe and go off to the vessel to explain that he was on the spot. Casting about in his mind, as they prepared to start, for some method by which he could convey a sure token of his presence—devoid of paper or of a single article of European dress or make which would serve as a convincing indication of a white man's existence—he cast his eye on a fragment of an old canoe, a bit of plank, lying on the beach. Hastily seizing on this, and calling to the men in the canoe to wait a moment, he hurried to a fire, and obtaining a piece of charred stick, wrote on the plank his name and a few words signifying his desire to be taken off. With this he ran to the canoe, the occupants of which, not in the least understanding what his proceedings signified, or why he should be playing antics with an old piece of rubbish and a burnt stick, were grumbling at the delay. Beceiving a hasty request that it might be handed to the white men, they pitched it into the bottom of the canoe and paddled off. When these envoys reached the schooner the captain was disappointed at finding that they brought off no white man. He began to have an idea that the native had been de ceiving him in the hope of getting presents beforehand, and he was confirmed in this idea by the fact that these two men were qnite as anxiouB to get something for their trouble as they were garrulous in asserting that a white man was only waiting to be taken off. He bad been scanning the groups of natives all the morning with a telescope— an intrument, by the way, which Benton says the savages hold in immense regard, being under the impression that it obliterates space, and like the Irishman's gun shoots round corners, so that a man looking through one could see what was going on in a hut ronnd a cape, or on the opposite side of a mountain. The captain had, however, not discovered such valuable properties in his glassj on the contrary, all his investigations had failed to show him any sign of the pre sence of a white man among the dusky gentry on shore. Considering that Benton was sun burnt almost as brown as any of them, and that he had no clothes to wear, and would not have worn these uncomfortable super fluities if he had them, it is not remarkable that the captain failed to dfatingniRh him. The affair threatened to conclude disastrously for poor Benton, as the captain, thinking the natives were playing on his credulity, showed a strong disposition to handle the messengers into their canoe and proceed on his cruise, when the latter, seeing that their mission was not prospering, at last bethought themselves, as a last resource, of the piece of board of which Benton thought so much and they thought so little. The production of this of course entirely changed the face of affairs. Worthy Captain Murray deciphered the in scription, and forthwith bestirred himself to secure the rescue of his countryman. Writing a hasty note to Benton, asking how much " trade" would be required to purchase his release, he put a pencil in the letter and dispatched the natives in the canoe with it, while he proceeded with other preparations. As soon as Benton saw the canoe returning he quitted the village, and made his way—it being low water—out to the extreme margin of the reefs, accompanied by a couple of native friends folly armed. There he received the note, and even as he did so perceived that the captain of the schooner was in real earnest about getting him, for two boats at that instant pat off from the vessel and made for the shore. He had a piece of matting in - his hand, which he had been waving as he made his way out, and resting this on a rock he leant against it and began to write a reply. This was more as an excuse for remaining where he was than for anything else, for at the sight of the boats leaving the ship the natives had come after him en masse, and were now, from a slight distance behind, ordering him to comeback. Their anxiety was lest he should escape without a proper equivalent in the way of trade being forthcoming. The position was critical; the savages were becoming angry and excited at his delay in obeying, and might at any moment make him a butt for their arrows or remove him by force. A number already surrounded him, but attracted by the novelty of his pro ceedings (writing a letter) they did not at once meddle with him. Meanwhile the boats were approaching at a tremendous pace, and to the savages there was something uncanny in the aspect of the broad white things with the projecting oars. Somewhat scared and awestruck the main body retreated about half a bow shot, a few courageous fellows only remaining aronnd Renton. As the boats came nearer the tumult in his mind became absolutely painful. He perceived that the rowers were not of his own race, as he had always pictured that they would be during these seven long years of hoping. They were in fact Kanakas, a circum stance which was inexplicable to Renton. The puzzle upset him very much. He could form no idea what sort of a vessel could be thus manned, unless it were a pirate or something of that sort. As the leading boat approached, however, he was somewhat cheered to see that a couple of white men sat in the stern. The leading boat came rapidly within hailing distance, when up stood one of the white men, whom Renton afterwards knew as the Government Agent, Mr. Slade, and in the welcome English tongue hailed Renton, asking him what trade wouid be required for his release. He said he had timahawks in, the boat. Renton advanced to the very margin of the reefs, closely attended by two powerful natives, who grasped him by the arms lest he should make a dash and reach the boat. He spoke in reply, but quickly discovered that he was not understood—he was un consciously speaking in the native language— and held up one hand with^the fingers exten ded. He then saw the white man open the trade chests, and in a moment five bright new tomahawks were held aloft by him dashing in the air. Now a difficulty oc curred ; none of the natives cared to venture forward to receive the tomahawks, although the boat's head was almost touching the reef, the crew just keeping her afloat. The Go vernment Agent, noticing hesitation and delay, called out to Reuton that he had plenty arms in the boat, and was prepared to use force if necessary to get him, as the captain was determined to have him at all hazards. Renton, finding his English tongue at last, prayed him to wait, and assured him that force would be unnecessary, and pro bably cost all their lives. Turning then to one of the savages who held him) he up braided him with his hesitation, saying that he used once to be considered a brave fellow, and asking what had become of all his boasted courage now ? Thus spurred on by an appeal to his vanity, the fellow marched forward with a bold face, and reoeived the tomahawks, but at the same instant getting a glimpse of a formidable collection of firearms lying in the bottom of the boat, he skipped back in a desperate hurry, and pushed Renton forward, telling him to get away for any sake or the white man would kill them all. Thus adjured Renton needed no second word. In a moment he rushed through the water and scrambled onboard the boat, which instantly shot from the shore, and got ont of bow shot. During the course of these negotiations the second boat had held itself in reserve a little further out, its occupants prepared to cover with their firearms the other boat in case of any collision. Renton was free! His mother-tongue was once more soanding in his ears; men of his own race were shaking him by the ham^ and his island prison was becoming every moment more distant. On arriving at the schooner Captain Murray received him with a cordial wed", come. Fresh communications were opened with the shore, and 20 men were recruited,* including the hero of thetomahawkB, so that} at the present time some squatter or soma planter has probably tending his flocks or trashing his cane a brown-skinned warrior o£ approved valour—a South Sea Caractacns. On board the Bobtail Bag Benton found every white man a friend. Captain Murray was kindness itself; Mr. Slade was like a brother to him, providing him with neces eary—and particularly distasteful, especially boots—clothing. For the kindness experienced on all hands he was deeply grateful; and although natu rally anxious to revisit the home of his youth and embrace his parents, he put his own longings on one side when he discovered that by returning to the islands in tha Bobtail Nag he could in some sort repay tha attentions of his rescuers _ by his usefulness " as interpreter and recruiting agent; he never hesitated, but offered at once to go. Prior to leaving Brisbane, however, his case was brought under the notice of the- Colonial Treasurer, who, without demur, agreed to provide him u ith a quantify of presents for his native friends, whose village he was shortly again to visit. Benton is now at sea in the Bobtail Nag, and when he comes back onr readers will probably learn something of the reception he received on his reappearance among his savage Mends. Till then we sus pend the history of the remarkable adven tures of John Benton. 