^MISCELLANEOUS. A trev? Cfourch Society has been established tinder the designation of the " Society of tte Boly Cross." The Rev. Mr. Maconechie, of St. Albans, is 'the principal, and the Ritualists^ara its chief supporters. The Bishop of Sec or and Man has resigned, and the bishopric will probab'y be abolished and associated with a new Bishopric of Liverpool, formed by a subdivision of the present Dioceje of Chester. The Pan-Anglican Syned will net be fcetd at iambeth HE til IS; 8. Many colonial Bishops have promised to attend, ine.udicy the Bishops cf Sydney, Melbourne, Wellington, and Brisbane. Preaching at St. Paul's Church, Preston, the Bishop of Manchester reviewed the past 50 years of ecclesiastical history. He spoke with significance of the abolition of the Test, Corporation, and other Acts, profoundly deplored the schism of the Weeley;^n body, wiiieli would not have occurred had the clergy been as active and eaergetic as now, and regretted the want of harmony In the Church. Bi3 Lordship has since, on another occasion, expressed his gratification at hearing that daring a recent engagement of Sir. Irving, 2,700 persons had been present at his Shakspearian impersonations. Mr. Gladstone, in reply to a request that he would deliver an address " On the Catholic faith, as opposed to the Rationalistic views and tendencies so strongly prevailing," ha-: replied that he is constantly in receipt of so many applications to deliver ecclesiastical addresses that he must necessarily decline them ali. Kcrthuttberiand is to be constituted into a separate di-~cese from Durham. The iJUhop gives up £1,5( 0 out cf his £8,000, and a canoury "worth £1,000 a year, towards the £3,500 required. The Admiralty have given instructions th<9t experiments shall be made with New Zealand coal, to ascertain how tar it is suitablo for burning in the engines of men-of-war on the Australian Station. Commodore floskins has been directed to report upon it. A monument to be raised in seme conspicuous plac-e at Portsmouth in memory of those who perished on board the Tauaderer on tfce 14th July. Subscriptions amounting to •£8,000 have been received for the widows and orphans; about £14,000 is required altogether to meet the necessities of the ease. Twenty-four widows, 51 orphans, and 26 other relatives, besides some of the maimed sufferers, are thrown on the public generosity. Government has given a pension of £100 to the widow of the chief engineer, and a gratuity of a year's pay to 15 widows and three mothers of the stokers killed. Admiral Sir Hastings Yelverton, G.C.B., has replaced Sir Alexander Milne at the Admiralty as First Lord. Captain Frank Thomson, late in command of the Challenger, has been appointed flag captain to Sir A. C. Key, on the North-American Station, and will have the Bellerophon, 15 screw iron ship, armour-plated. The late captain, Hugh Campbell, succeeds the Prince of Leiningen on Her Majesty's yacht Victoria and Albert. The paddle-wheel steamer Virago, well known on the Australian Station, is being broken up at Chatham. An order has been issued from the Horse 'Guards reviving the practice of cheering when charging an enemy. The 2nd Battalion of the 6th Fusiliers have been exercised in charging and cheering on Woolwich Common in presence of many thousands of spectators. The 81-ton gun was tested at Shoeburynesa on Wednesday in the presence of a large number of military officials. With an elevation of seven degrees the shot first grazed the ground about 4,£00 yards off, and then ricochetted for several miles. A number of shots were fired, and at the 4,500 yards they scarcely deviated a yard from the direct line. The experiment was regarded as most satisfactory. Ashore, the effects were not pleasing. Many windows were broken, and the plate-glass front of a shop, a quarter of an inch thick, was broken 350 yards off. A large gate was also burst open, the padlock being broken by the force of the shack. The recoil of the gun was only 21 feet, and the carriage answered admirably. Yesterday the experiments were renewed, and a sandbag wall was raised to deaden the shock on the side of the village, but the effects were nearly the same as on Wednesday. A tour of an unusual kind has lately bean made. A gentleman engaged a train of Pullman cars, including drawing-room, dining, and sleeping, and having invited a party of about twenty-five ladies and gentlemen has made a tour on the midland system as far as the -Highlands. The trip was a most enjoyable one, no hotels being required, and the party being most comfortable. Amongst the addresses delivered at tbe British Association meeting at Glasgow were papers read by Sir Wm. Thompson, who presided in the Physical and Mathematical Department, aid by the Duke of Argyle on the Physical Structure of the Highlands in connection with tb eir Geological History. In the Anthropological Section, presided over by Mr. Russell Wallace, Professor Barrett read a paper on Spiritualism, which gave rise to an animated discussion, in •which Dr. Carpenter took part. In the Geocrsphical Section, with Capt. Evans, R.N., as Chairman, Commander Lovelt Cameron, C.B., read a paper on Africa. The Association will meet at Plymouth next year, and at Dublin in 1878. A proposed Socialist Congress of students is talked of, but no place of meeting is fixed. Garibaldi has taken it up, and has called upon the youth of France to rise against clericalism, which he styles the "morbus of modern society." The .Associated Chambers of Commerce have been holding their meetings at Bristol; Mr. Sampson Lloyd, M.P., in the chair. A discussion took place on the neutralization of the Suez Canal. A resolution was carried approving of the purchase of the shares by the Government, and an opinion was expressed that it was not desirable to place it under an International Commission. Professor Ray Lankester has written to the Times exposing some tricks of Dr. Blade, a " medium" who is much .patronised in London. It is proposed to prosecute Slade for obtaining money under false pretences, and his friends are taking measures for his defence. Peters, the second mate of the Strathmore, has been presented with a medal by the Board of Trade. A duel has been fought between two British officers in Belgium. Pistols were used, and neither being injured at the first fire, the seconds declined to allow the affair to proceed. Both the principals will shortly appear in the Divorce Court, the one, a baronet's only 6on, as plaintiff, the other as co-respondent Smallpox has broken out with great virulence at Blackburn and also in Derbyshire. The Rev. Mr. Berry, a Soman Catholic priest, died through attending patients at Blackburn, and his funeral was attended by ministers of all denominations, the line of route being crowded •with sympathizing spectators. Hospital Saturday collection was not a great success. The Keigbly Guardians have been released on bail, and on reaching home the populace took the horses out of tii6ir carriage and drew them in triumph. A cremation apparatus is being erected at Gotha. No bodies will be cremated until the police are thoroughly satisfied of the causes of death. A bust of Charles Kingsley has berti unveiled in Westminster Abbey. A subscription is being raised on behalf of Henry Kingsley's family, and Australian contributions are invited. Sir Walter and Lady James have given a park, valued at £12,000, to the inhabitants of Jarrow. The receipts for the Birmingham Musical Festival amounted this year to £15,160. Fifteen thousand persons attended the performances in the aggregate, and the results are considered as affording abundant cause for congratulation. A rifle match of a novel character has come off at Nuneaton. A number of ladies, some belonging to the leading families in the neighbourhood, comneted for prizes. Some of the ladies exhibited" great skill. She American schooner Newport, bound for New York, was boarded when eight days from shore by a gentleman, who gave his name as Charles Mathieson, and was navigating a decked boat, 16 feet long. He said he was on his way to England with a lady, with whom he had eloped. The Sheffield School Board have accepted a tender lor a great Central School, designed to forta & connecting link betwoen the Gommoa schools and the "higher schools, to which the children of the "poor find it nearly impassible to obtain admisstcn. Is is the first experiment of the kind in tfee United Kingdom. A largo torchlight procession was held on Plumstead Common on the 11th, to celebrate the granting-of a Petition of Right which claims the restraining of the Secretary of War from exercising troc.ps on the Common. Ten thousand persons were present. The cutlers' annual feast at Sheffield on the 7th was a brilliant success. The Duke of Norfolk, Lord Hartiugtoa, and many other persons of distinction were guests of the Company. The Braes of Dei-went foxhounds have all had to be destroyed in consequence of being attacked by hydrophobia. Building operations at the new National Opera House on the Thames embankment are temporarily suspended. It is not likely that the edifice will be completed for the next season. At a meeting on the Bulgarian atrocities in the Edgware-road, a Mr. Mann created much amusement by protesting against any resolutions condemning them, on the ground that a greater atrocity was being perpetrated in this country— to wit, tho detention of the Claimant in custody., Cavendish College, Cambridge, is to be formally opened by the Duke of Devonshire on the 26~ih October. Sir S. Northcote, Lord Sandon. Mr. W. Forster, and otters will attend. An instance o' superstition is mentioned in tbe Postmaster-General's report for 1875. A wall letr.er-box was erected in a village in the West of Ireland, but no one could be found to undertake the duty of collecting the letter3 in consequence cf a general belief among the poor in the vicinity that "a ghost went out nightly on pa. rade." The ghost- was stated to be a large white turkey without a head! Amongst the things transmitted through the Post-Office during the jear were leeches, snails, eggs, white mice, a sparrow, two snakes, a crayfish, and a dog. The Jews are said to be returning in large numbers to Palestine. The Hebrew population of Jerusalem has doubled within the last ten years,and instead of inhabiting the worst parts of the city they are ready to rent any house that is to let. An aquarium and winter garden have been opened at Great Yarmouth by Lord Suffield. Tbe aquarium is 430 feet long and 100 wide. One is projected at Birmingham, and one has bec-n opened at Rbyl. Stokes, the witness in the Wainwright case, has had proceedings taken against him by a friend of that murderer, for obtaining goods under false pretences. The prosecution failed, and in his business as a brushmaker he has become bankrupt. An application is being made by his friends to the Treasury for pecuniary asc-istance on account of "important public services." Weather prophets assert that we shall have much snow, frost, and fog during the ensuing winter. Some slight frosts have already been felt, snow has lain on the Grampians, and we have had thick fogs this week in London. Emigration from the Mersey is still pn the decline; 7,990 persons left Liverpool during August—a falling off of 1,192 over July. Ciapham Common, com prising 220 acres, has been purchased by the Enclosure Commissioners for £18,000, and is to be defeated to tha use and recreation of the public for ever. A new college, costing £40,000 has been opened at Rotherham. It was built by tbe Independent body for higher educational purposes. Mr. R. M. Carter, late M.P. for Leeds, has filed his petition, with liabilities £15 ;0C0. An International Flower Show has been held at Dundee. Prizes were given to the value of over £1,000, and competitors went from all parts of tbe country, including London nurserymen. The Congress of Sericulturists will hold its sixth session in Paris in 1878. A quantity of treasure is said to have b9on discovered on the Columbian coast, and is supposed to have been left there by Morgan, the buccaneer. A monster balloon, to accommodate 50 persons, is to be constructed for the Paris Exhibition of 1878. It will be 34 metres in diameter, and will be held captive by an immense rope 550 metres in length. The Conference on International Law Is being held at Bremen under the Presidency of Lord O'Hagan The extradition of criminals is one of the subjects of discussion. Mr. Angerstein'e sherthorn herd of Weston Brandon has been disposed of. The cows and heifers realized £5.918, averaging £169, and the bells brought £2,547, averaging £255. One bull (Duke of Rothesay) was sold to Mr. Sheldon for 2, COO guineas. Among the cows and heifers, Velvet Eyes was sold to Mr. Loder for 900 guineas, and Wild Eyes 32ad to Lord Penryhn for 800 guineas. American meat is still coming over in large quantities to the London market. Oregon and the Western States in the basis of the Mississippi are said to be proving formidable rivals to California in the grain trade. The Board of Trade returns for August give the value of exports at £17,962,884 as sompared with £19,418,876 in the same month last year; an<l of imports, £33,818,002 against £81,200,145. For tbe eight months of 1876 the imports were £251,557,€06, compared with £250,505,783 in 1875; and exports, £133,287,330, against £149,511,844 last year. Very disorderly meetings have come off during the month in connection with Home Rale. At Manchester, Mr. O'Connor Power, M.P., gave a lecture in the Free Trade Hall on " Irish Wit and Humour," Mr. Biggar, M.P., being in the chair. Mr. O'Connor Power having deolined to answer some question put to him by odis of the audienoe, a -great uproar ensued, ending in a scene of indescribable confusion and a free fight between two factions. Chairs were broken up and used as weapons, and Mr. Biggar, receiving a severe scalp wound during the fray, had to be taken out of the hall; 300 or 400 chairs were smashed, and the organ was injured. At Castlebar, Mr. Power, in addressing his constituents a few days later, strongly condemned mob tyranny and the "timid policy Mr. Butt had pursued in the presence of the enemies of Ireland." At a lecture given by Mr Mulcahy at the Rotunda, Dublin, on the 25th, Mr. Butt was declared to be a traitor to tne cause of Home Rule, and Mr. P. J. Smyth was eulogized as a patriot. Some reflections made by the lecturer on Cardinsd Cullen led to great disorder, in the midst of which tho meeting broke up, after the platform had been invaded and a number of persons hurled from it. Lord Wbarncliffe Is announced as the successor to the Duke of Abercorn in the Lord- Lieutenancy of Ireland. -Cardinal Francb£, Prefect of the Propaganda, has been visiting Dublin, and taking part with Cardinal Cullen in several religious ceremonies. At one of them, Father Burke, the Dominican orator, preached a sermon, in which he compared the conduct of the British to that of the Ba.'-hi-Bszouks in Bulgaria. Mr. P.J. Smjth, M.P., and others are forming a Repeal Association, in opposition to Home Rule. The freedom of the City of Dublin was voted by the Corporation to Mr. Butt on the 4ih September, and Alderman MeiSwinney intends moving that the vote be rescinded on the ground that Home Rule is an " imitation," and not the "genuine article." A discussion has taken place at the Clare and Limerick Farmers' Ciub as to the advisability of Irish members only attending the House of Commons during Irish business. Mr. O'Sullivan, M.P„ introduced the resolution, which was rejected. At the Lismore Farmers' Club the Chairman (Mr. John Rice) said that the prospects of tenant farmers were very gloomy. The British Association for the advancement of science met at Glasgow on the 6th September, under the presidency of Professor Thomas Andrews, of Belfast "Several other scientific Societies also held their meetings in Glasgow. The Glasgow Town Council have offered the freedom of the city to Mr. Cros9, the Home Secretary, for his distinguished services in the cause of social and sanitary reform. The Corporation wish to confer the honour apart from politics altogether. The Dundee whaling fleet has been very successful in Davis' Straits. Nothing has been heard of the Arctic exploring ships. Captain Adams, of tbe Arctic, whaler, intended to endeavour to land at Smith's Sound to leave despatches for the Government vessels. The Annual Cattle Show at Wexford, which took place on September 3, showed a great falling off in number and quality of Btock, Tho thirteenth annual Conference of the British Pharmaceutical Society was opened at Glasgow on the 5th September, Professor Redwood presiding. There was a large attendance. The general meeting of the Mineralogical Society of Great Britain and Ireland was held at Glasgow on the 6th September. Professor Hecdle, 11.D., of St. Andrews, was in tho chair. At a meeting of the Grand Lodge of Freemasons, held at the Freemasons' Hall on the 6th, it was agreed, in order to perpetuate their thankfulness for the safe return of tbe Prince of Wales, to vote the bum of £6,000 for three scholarships at Oxford, Cambridge, and Londoa Universities. The Corporation of London rosolved, by a large majority on Wednesday, to remove Temple Bar. The subject has been under discussion for thirteen months. In consequence of tho correspondence that has taken place between the Admiralty and Lloyds, H.M.S. Wolverine has be«i dreeted to call at the Crozet Islands on her way cut to Australia. Mr. Martin Farquhar Tupper leaves in a day or two for America to give a series of readings frcm his own works. A monster meeting of Trade Unionists has been held at Cardiff to express sympathy with the Taff Vale emplo; 6s, locked out for refusing to break through the nine hours' movement or accept 10 per cent, reduction in wages. Eight hundred men have struck at Muibronk, Woedtide, and Newcastle coalpits in coiisequerce of the matters making a fourth reduction in wages. The men offeied to accept 5 per cent. Several hundred men have struck at the Whitehaven Shipbuilding Company's Works, owitg to a reduction of wages, amounting in some cases to 4s. 6d. per week. Tho strike of colliers in South Derbyshire still continues against the 10 per cent, reduction, and " the position of affairs is somewhat dreadful." Eight hundred more men struck at Ilkston, but subsequently resumed work. One thousand hands have been thrown out of employment in consequence cf an accident to the machinery of a mill at Macclesfield. Messrs. Manuel & Son, the largest upholsterers in Sheffield, gave notice to tbeir workmen to leave, and will only re-employ them on their ceasing to be Trade Unionists. Mr. Burt, M .P., having heard that many men were leaving the Unions, has made an appeal on bthalf of them, saying it is the worst thing men can do in such a time of unexampled bad trade. The Trade Union Congress has been sitting at Newcastle. Mr. Laird, the President, in his inaugural address, dwelt upon the three causes of the present depression of trade, viz., increased cost of production of raw materal, inflation of trade and over-production, and foreign competition. Tbe Speaker of the House of Commons, addressing his tenants at Glynde at a harvest home on the 9th, expressed his regret that scaicely any had accepted an offer he made some time back to invest their savings in the farms on which they were employed, and attributed it to the injurious effects of outdoor relief. The Executive Committee of the new Farm Labourers' Union have mado four purchases of land within twelve months. The last was valued at £1,700. Mr. Scott, an Edinburgh iron merchant, having received an order for 400 tons of iron girders for a new station at Glasgow, is having them manufactured in Belgium, and delivered in GlaEgow, as he can have them at considerably leEs cost than he-can obtain them in England. Farmers in the Eastern and Midland Counties are giving their labourers notice of Is. a week reduction in wages; 200 have consequently turned out. Lillywhite's team of cricketers sailed in the P. & O. Company's steamer Poonah from Southampton on the 21st inst. Before leaving England the 12 played a match at Chichester against 18 of that district. It lasted three day?, but tbe stumps had then to be drawn in consequence of the intended departure of the team. In -their first innings they made 146, and in the second 140. The Eighteen scored 70 in their first innings and 38 in the second, six wickets having to go down. Trickett sailed for America a fortnight ago with Punch. He will not row in the States, and leaves for Australia by the outgoing mail from San Francisco on the 11th October. He received the £100 stakes lodged by Lumsden, but not the £100 bet. A handsome silver cup, worth over 2C0 .guineas, was presented to him by Mr. Chas. Bush, a well-known patron of boatraeing. The boat in which he rowed Sadler, as also the one in which he was to have rowed Lumsden, have been sent to Sydney. At the Philadelphia regatta on the 5th September the first heat for a pair of oars wa3 won by'Green and Thomas, of London, but a Boston boat won the final heat. In the final four-oared shell race between the Thames crew, of London, and a Halifax crew, of Nova Scotia, a foul occurred, and the decision, first given in favour of the latter, was finally adjudged to the former. The London crew complained of unfair treatment. Professor Cavill has posponed until next ye ir the renewal of his attempt to swim across the Channel. Captain Webb had criticised his first attempt, and in replying to it Cavill pointed out that in 11J hours he was as near the (Trench coast as Captain Webb was after being 20 hours in the water. A prize-fight between Joe Goss and Tom Allen has come off in Amerioa, the stakes bsing 5,COO dollars. The combatants were interrupted by the Militia in the first instance, and when tho fight was renewed elsewhere, the police interfered. Goss was much bruised and Allen scarcely marked. The latter and :several others have been arrested and sent to prison. Several bicycle feats have been accomplished during the past month. On tbe 2nd September there was a race for £50, at Lillie Bridge, between Stanton and Camille Thuillet, the French champion. The distance was 44 miles, and the race was won by Stanton by 20 yards. Stanton's time, 3h. 14m. 8 sec. ; Thuillet's, 3h. 14m. 10 sees. Stanton has also raced Keen for the championship and £100, at lillie Bridge. The latter was victorious, Stanton retiring after doing 29 miles out of the 50. Keen's time for 30 miles was the best on record, viz., lh. 48m. 23 sees. Thuillet has since ridden 650 miles ia six consecutive days of 12 hours each, and Frank White has done 600 in the same time. Two gentlemen of Eing's Lynn rode, on the 2nd September, 205 miles in 22 consecutive hours. Partridge shooting, which commenced on the 1st, has been very successful. The Prince of Wales came from Scotland to see the St. Leger run at Doncaster on the 13th inst. He was the guest of Mr. C. Sykes. The betting was 2 to 1 on Kisber, who, however, only came in a bad fourth, Petrarch being first. Obituaiy.—The Earl of Leven and Melville, aged 72; Sir James Campbell, Kt., of Gias2ow, aged 77; General Martin des Paillieres, one of the heroes of Bazeilles and the Army of the Loire; Mr. Justice Qaain, of the Queen's Bench; Mr. George Smith, of Assyrian exploration repution; Major-General H. Willoughby Trevelyan, C.B.; Count Auesperg, aged 70 (well known by his pseudonym of Anastasius Grin); Lord Ardmillan, one of the Judges of Court of Session, aged 71 ; Sir James H. Burnett, Bart., aged 75; Sir Home Gordon, Bart, aged 58; Rev. Lord George Osborn Town. shend, aged 75; General Cabrera; Mr. P. D. Hadow, Chairman of the P. & O. Company; Countess Poulett, aged 38; Father Perrone, the Jesuit Rector of the Reman University, and reputed author of the " Syllabus," aged S2; Dr. Sibson, F.R.S.; Major-General Sir ThoB. Seaton, K.C B.; Viscount Qormanstoun; General Bragg, of Confederate notoriety; Dr. E. F. Rimbault 