'JCVUV JOTTINGS By Kiaci SE ' ^ The immense attendance at iUemmglon on Satuidny, mus^ have proved to the committee of the Yietonu Racing Clnb that tliey Jiave adopted a wise policy in revivifying the Chainpion 'Race - It is a great mistake to Imagine eithe that public "ntereat ta merely centied m r -a handicap contest, or that such la race only is pro ductive of exciting finishes True it is a race in which ahandifiApper 3ias placed, to the best of his'judgment, the vanoua competitors on a,level footing, will always ibe the most popular the suriound jigs are *o conducive to excitement — the opinions respecting thetnerits of tlie dif ferent animals an-> so diverse Each and every one wilj scan 4he weights . with a ^critical'%eJ-each and every lone Will have apatiillity'for the horse 9ie fancies .to liave the best of the weights, and wjll adhere to the correctness of his judgment, until the judge's $at either confirms it or erto.useaaffainst weiglitforageraces,' and used, too, with good reason, that there •will always be onejsupp) ior horse who will -cany everything ieforo him- djiring one, season, syid therefore jail weight for age overils will be regarded as foiegone coilelusions Such an asaeition is ery fre quently pioved incorrect, i<>r jnstepces^ canbe quoted m wlncli animal after a severe struggle, won 4wi)«nio contest, but yet, nhen the distance lias bepn extended another quaitei or jialf a anile, 'befin bgncanmlouBly besrtenAy hints' of his prei ously SdefcMift -opponents ^Notwithstanding that mote ih,ui aiteoade has elapaed «in£e then, do* we notatill disscuss the glonoiw buttle for the championship between Tafragon and Volunteer winch resulted n a -dead heat, or have we forgotten tho head to head contest for the Qne'en's Plate at Randwick ^between Hagwprth and ^Reprie 'e also terminating in the judge "being unable to separate the two horses? These events still remain green in our memories, anfl dojiow .and wilHor a long time come, afford foocl for conTermation * But the argument I have referred -tojwiU not hold goo3 w'tb respect to the Champion Race. M's may, perchance, earlyan the season l;now wlncli « Dm'M <of tourirTictoriaai- !liorses,cbut whenithey.strip .onthe -.first of the year, • the craeRs from tho other-oolonies will put m an Appearance to measure strides : for the championship, and whoso chance of success can only be ascertained by com - putation. Of thai-feel satisfied, and the torward^;poaitu>n ?3ield by the. ^EaBmauiian mare Bella throughout the race on Saturday, (onlyiftren^thens m y conviction-an' this respect,-an3 iiook fonrardhopefuliy: to the future Champion contests being regarded «s very open events Having now indulged iu my -little - preliminary canter I will pass on to notice some of the moBt prolnineritfeatuies in Saturday's lacing.v ln the Crstplace, a great-surprise was served np^tt.the easynitumerui which Asmodens disppseS of his field in the Hurdle Race, grinning j» t3ie splendid time of ^min 44sec.*j »ny pat, larnkiln ! coming-in "fourth 1 cannot say that Jris runiiiEg disappoiiited my- expectations '-of Ins prowess, for after-flie maimer m wincb tlie winner was beaftrt at >V lhamstown on the previous Monday by that prince of duffers^ Evirsley, and the recent l-unuing of Donation, jio one imagined for a moment that-either had the ghost of a chanoe. I mm satisfied Lamkm could have gained a sitnation had lie bean nden out, but -when Mason , found pursuit was hopeless, he ceased to peweirere with bioi;: My three aelections Coi tlie Two-Year-Old Stakes were the first to catch the judge's eye, but Sybil jtan tliird, inatead ot firat as I had placed her; but this is not sur prising,' seeing that the vaco was.Tim two; seconds faster than 1 anticipated, and Sybil has scarcely recovered fromjier cold. - X^jhl glad was everyone • at the success of the Messrs Ohimside, for their fine colt Newmmster has undeniably pioved 3iim- aeUthebestyoilngsteroftheseason,wiii- 1111% x^elS Jlie sfaatest timapnnecord in the colonies. Still I predict great things for - Sybil, and am much lmstakeu if Tim Whifflor will lot hate a worthyrepiesentative m hor The te mination of ihe £100 Plate was the result of one of those disgusting -pieces of rascalify whteh. too frequently "disgrace oiirturijHa-wliugs,: the rider of Cyclops, lot making the least effort io win, thereby puttlnglsigB sums of money in the pockets - of the ring by ]>e&ance;*s win. The jockey has been dia qualified for an unlimited per od, and J only hope that those »)io made the bullets; will likewise be brought to book. SulUn's victory in the Midsummer Handicap was inother grand success for the Messrs Chirnaide,'Wollomsirnnniiigagreathorse and securing second honours The excitement grew to fever heat when the horses naddled for iho'Champion StaVw In the paddock, Richmond,, of course, was the great iyiiosnrc of the fcrojvd, 4nd Gold^brongh'a perfect cOffidiUoji elidled exdamationB of .admiration., . oiher AVork, the o*t fine noticed daughter was ol ji,jig .^laid pf Alfr.il AM showing bow numiiithug the St Albaui people "bad b«en in endeavouring to briug her to the pOst cherryiripe, Bella, Piole- Midrtyr, and Melbourne also appeared in fine fettle, aOihowsb I ^notJfmcy tbo latter is yet qmle wounS yip io concert pitch. 3to>ui HoofTiuid°Byrgandy (Sour Grwies, Doll),looked w41, alftougJi in their tnovemenU they wdiiblted symptoms of aonness, but Tho "P^inter bad a weedy appearance, (MnmnylooVed tathar sqtt, and fJagirorOi appeared as liwtfjmd beartyas In liis youth, altbough luwiyiaii #ye gazed jnounifiilly ,tbe -old yeioj^n, As 7 <ionv3jicediJie jraa being swji o bopfcices |oumey, TonaBeeived by »iro An »oconut of <the running,--«o I need -not recapitulate it here It waa a grand race,. Nillltillgin 4 «cto»y jfor ^be bssVborse. l^chmond 'ron »ce "Jbre^4 a^ionas W-Sini.ihantbe 5 3to:«iorBbJ' miflciMg the iv&m; arntt on^rd^VChe cdlonli^, Doldsbrough «nd tho Maid ran « grand but a sbbrUIvtui *tti>« 4»'Mb.- Jiwist handily adm^ 1 ww mistaken m Uie gams little, sou uf ,, ,0 JI1U—thai'1 umardoubted able J S SorsCflni think the work be has bobev«itliat,jthe<s9n ^pf^Pinic WJis-[iot=8jibjected to the .evere graduation be otherwise woiijdiiavelieenfanjl /-J ^m'^aititagl anxiously to fine MrlfaTiinrd's'tistimation of Melbourne for the Gialongtlold Cup Prior lan an excellent-race on my behalf the^fleplechasl, biflfifcjras AM Eoifts' day oiit. 'lwa^ pleased Io seethe blue' and silver of Dr Bathe score a win in the Three- Tear-Old Handicap, his fine filly Paradox, by Stockliam, winnuigthe fastest: Australian mile * and af half race—for I dispute ikB correctness of the ,-official time , foi the Sydney Deiby. Mary <Uadstane,: who iau foi me -came in third Glancing at the evenfeB recently decided over the border|:I niay mention that two of-my sfelections,? Kmg'tof Jihe West an d| Piiam, -finished £rst "and third,' and Mi:; Rbuse's jnare iyivaiias at length justified i.he opinion T expressed of her, by winning tlio Tattersall's Cup, with 7st lib up, m -the capital time of 5mm 37^sec. On Thlirsday we are toliave the weights for the Ceelong Gold Cup and other handicaps, and next Monday the nominations • close for; the Australian. Cup . and Newmarket Handicap. - On Toeaday ihenpmj-, naticih list closes for the Sydney <>old Cap 