THE WaECK of the Agses.— The following letter baa been handed to U9 for publication: — 'To Captain Fergusoa, President Marina Board. — Dear Sir — 1 wiah to render you my ?metre thanks for your energy (and the help cf the Almighty) in rescuing the remainder of the crew of my, ill-fated barque Agnes, commando 1 by Captaiti Ham Smidt I have jtut come back from Sydney. I hod been patting the vessel in thorough repair and re-clasacg her. She cost me from £700 to £800. The vessel was just insured two months ago for £2.000— prioe of firet cost. With tbi», dear Sir, I am doing all that lays in my power to reward lifeboats crew for their bravery, and also to get a little clothing fcr the unfortunate wrecked men. With this, dear Sir, I zinst conclude, hoping the Almighty will long spare you to carry out the dutisa which rest upon you. — Yours truly, P. Manuel, late owner of the ill-fated barque Agnes.' Nones to Mabibebs.— In our advertising columns the President of the Marine Board gives some valaable information to mastara passing along the 8outh East coast. The notice states that he has been moved to adopt that course in consequence of the recent wrekt between Cape Northumberland Lighthouse and the south ecd of Bivoli Bay. Spobtihg.— The hounds will meet this after noon at the Squatters' Arms, Thebarton. Football.— Games of football are advertised for this afternoon on the Kensington Park Oral and on the Adelaide Ground. View of Adelaide: — We have received from Messrs. JTrearson & Brother a copy of the birds eye view of Adelaide excellently framed anl glazed. It will be remembered that this view was issued as a supplement to this month's number of the Illustrated Adelaide Noes, o which, we are informed, 16,000 copies have already been published. Deefekbg.— At the present time more than usual interest is felt in the deepening operations cf the inner bar. It is mainly owing to too oparations of the dredges that the Port streets have been raised from the original swamp, and made serviceable for the rapidly increasing traffic. Some very elaborate calculations have been made as to the quantity of silt removed in forming the present cutting through the inner bar. The operations were begun many years ago, and by the agency of the dredge a passage varying from 140 to 280 feet has been made, in which at low water the depth varies from 13 to 16 feet. The water over the same ground was originally from 9£ feet to 13 feet, so that m rather less than IS years about '-'20,391 cubic yards have been raised. Some of this has been deposited in and about the streets of the Port, bat a large proportion E*ill ^remains below low-water mark to be removed as occasion requires. It is more than probable that when the new dredge arrives the bottom Kill be raised at a rap'd rate. The pro posal to block up the Boat Channel has already caused some indignation, as such a coarse would materially interfere with the small coasters to that place, which now manage to doable the north bank by taking a short cut through the channel. American Wab Pasobama.— It is announced that after an absence of four years Biiner's ' Historical Mirror of the American War' will be shown in White's Rooms. The season begins on Wednesday next, instead of on Monday, as previously advertised. Since its exhibition in Adelaide the Panorama has been shown in Africa, India, Burmab, Java, the Torres Straits Settle ments, China, Japan, axd other countries, and tbe receipts are said to have amounted to over £50,000. White's Rooms. —The 'Diorama of the World,' now being exhibited in Whim's Rooms, attracted another large audience on Friday evening, both in the reserved seats and in the body of the halL The very great number and variety cf the scenes appeared to have been lully appreciated. The chromatrope in particular ?irew forth repeated and hearty demomtnvtioas. The exhibition is announced for repetition this aftcmocn and evening for the last time in the city. The Diorama.— There was a larger audience than usual at White's Room1) on Friday evening to witnese the exhibition of the Diorama. Coiqiebcial Boot Factobt Company, Limited.— An extraordinary general meeting of shareholders of this Company was held in the Exchange Room, Town Hall, on Friday evening, July 21, to receive the balance-sheet and transact busmesa. Mr. J. N. Perry presided, aad there were 19 shareholders and all the Directors pro Eent. The Chairman explained that for some time past considerable dissatisfaction had been expressed by shareholders as to the management of the factory and the manner in which the affairs of the Company had been conducted. On account of this the present Directors had determined to have a thorough change in the management, -and after coming into office Lad mads themselves acquainted with the real posi tion of affairs and taken steps to place the factory on an entirely new footing. They had secured the services of a competent manager, and -under his management a marked change )\v\ taken place in the manufacturing department, which would without doubt lead to an increase of the business in a few months. A great many share holders who were dissatisfied with the condition of affairs had refused to pay the calls; but the Directors hoped that as they had made all the required alterations in the management they would come forward and pay the calls without delay. Mr. J. *8axby, the Secretary, read the balance-sheet and report. The finaBcial statement showed a surplus balance of £454 3a.; but the assets included a sum of £450 due for calls, which it was stated was greatly under the real amount The Chair man moved, and Mr. E. Hillier seconded, the adoption of the report, as a progress report, and of the balance-sheet. Tbe motion was carried without dissent. Several shareholders wished to be informed as to certain items which Mr. S. B. Saundera, the late Chairman of the Directors, had been allowed; and a long discussion ensued, when it was eventually decided, as Mr. Saunders was not present, to adjourn the meeting till a future day in order to give him an opportunity to attend and explain matters. Football.— We are desired to call attention to the football match, advertised to take place this afternoon, on the Adelaide Grounds, between the Adelaide and Woodvilla Clubs, under the new code of rules adopted at tho meetingof Clubs on Thursday evening. Tha Coneordia Band has been engaged, and the game is likely to prove attractive, as two good teams have been selected to phy. The following are the names of the Adelaide players:— £ W. Aldridge, A. E. Ayers, A. L. Gflea, Twopeny, Calf, Conigrave, C. Morphett. Scott, Bleechmore, Colley, Spicer, Dalton, Per kins, Hughes (2), Ponder, Sanders, Wright, Watson, Gall, Burnet, and Bagot The Wood ville players will be chosen from the following:— Annells, Austin, Bickers, J. Clark, Doran, Demp ster, Fonnby, Letchford, McDougall, Osborne (captain), Beeves, Bandiand, Terrell (3), E. Trimmer, J. Young, Mannering, Quin, Ferguson, lines, and Dale. A match will be played on the tame afternoon on the Kensington Park Oval between the Kensington and South Adelaide Clubs. DUBAUDIXG THS AMEBICAN GOVSBSHEiT.— San Francueo papers report upon ' aemi- officu information' that the American Government is yearly defrauded of between 5,000,000 and 7,000,000 dollars through the Custoni3. The fraud, it is said, is accomplished by shipping goods from San Francisco to New York on the arrival of the steamer at Panama. They state, too, that Mexican wool is brought into the country via Catalina Island, where there is a fine harbour, and where there are no Customs officers. - 'It ig estimated that by these means the Gofernment is annually defrauded of nearly fifty per cent, of the revenue.' Baiktaix. — The Jamestown correspondent of the JioilKa'i Argus writes: — 'Capital rains bave^ fallen during the past week, which will do away 'with all fear of a drought aa many old h*ndVw«re prognosticating. Yatina and Blajk rock* came in for a good share of the rain. The weather is very cold, which keeps the feed back ward.' .....* Tfil Cbops.— The crops In the neighbourhood of Gawler,-so far, are looking well, although the fall of rain has been below tha average. They have A healthy appearance, and with a favour abtosaiEon fcr gJisoEth or so a fair harvest may bft anticipated. Wo regret to hear, however, from conversations we have had with gentleman frcm the' Northern Areas, that. the season is too far gone for anything like the yield realized last jeano.— Buxstp. - ?-.'''?' * . ? ?? Theatbb Botal.— On Friday evening tha highly secsatirn&J; American meiodrami, 'und^r the Gaslight,' was produced to a moderate house. Tee characters were apportioned &3 follow*:— Sncrkey, Mr. G. D. Chaplin; Ray Traf ford. Mr. J. H. Kainfcrd: B;ke, Mr. C. O'Brien; Bermudas, Mr. C. Brown; Peanuts, Mr. T. Keadirg; Nigger Jim, Mr. G. P. Car6y; Magis trate, Mr. J. Hanker; Signalman, Mr. J. H. Martin; Organ Grinder and Judas, Mr. J. Dude; Mrs. Vandamme, Mm. Wooldridge; Effie, Miss Dolly Forde ; Peachblossom, Miaa Kate Foley; Liura Couitland, Miss Clara Stephenson; Pearl Courtland, Miss Blanche Gray. As the one-armtd old soldier 8norkey, Mr. Chaplin had a part which seemed to suit him. He acted quietly and naturally, and brought out tie points very successfully. Mr. Rainford was earnest and gentlemanly, as he always is in tuch rula aa Ray Trafford, the lover of the heroine. The villain Bjke found an able ex ponent of his rascality in Mr. O'Brien, though that gentleman rather overdid the hiccough or laugh, or whatever the sound was intended for, which was so often interjected. Miss Stephenson, aa the persecuted heroine, was natural aad effective, and little Misa Foley made a most successful appearance as her humble friend Peachblosscm. This young lady has not before shown to tuch advantage. This line of acting is evidently her forU, and we hope she may have further opportunities of showing her skill in similar parts. Mrs. Wooldridge sus tained the double i o'.e of Mrs. Vaddamme and the old beldame Judas Pykes, partner in villany, and in each gave satisfaction. Pearl Courtland was carefully represented by Miss Grey; Mr. Brown as the street arab Bermudas, and Mr. Carey as the eccentric coloured gentleman Nigger Jim, caused considerable amusement by their drolleries; and Messrs. Dunn, Uasker, Martin, Reading, and Miss Forde each contributed their share to the success of the performance. The scenic effects were creditable, especially the tain of cars which come down the embankment in the distance and gradually approaches the place where Snorkey lies bound. To-night another spectacular American play la to be presented—' Nick of the Wooda,' in which Mr. Chaplin will sustain the character of the historical 'Fighting Quaker.' Con siderable preparation has, we understand, been made for the production of the piece, and it will be pretty certain to draw a good Saturday night's audience. With reference to the disap pointment felt by some playgoers at the non preeentatioa of 'School' on Thursday evening, we have been shown a note from Dr. Charles Goese, certifying that Miss Stephenson was to' unwell to appearat rehearsal, as she was suffering from a severe cold. So that it seems no one was to blame for the contrttanps. Stbamkb Glekelg fob Sydney.— Intending passengers are requested to take notice that the steamer will leave at daylight on Tueiday, and that they must embark the previous evening. A Narrow Escape.— On Friday evening Archibald Cherry, » small vendor of current literature, bad a very narrow escape from what at the time looked like a serious accident. He was running away from a little rival in the news trade, and in crossing Waymouth-street managed to get in the W3y of a baker's cart, which Knocked him down, and a wheel passed over his head, fie was raised by some of the bystanders, who expected to find him badly injured, but on examination was found to be not much the worse for his adventure, as the skin was only grazed from the side of his head. Hobsb Accident.— As Mr. David Webb was returning home from the Eudunda meeting on Monday, July 17, when at tae head of the ranges the horse he was riding shied at some rabbits, and jumped from one side of the road to the other. Mr. Webb was sitting (the Kapunda Btrald state*) somewhat carelessly in the saddle, and was consequently unseated. la the fall he injured his arm severely, it being thought that the wrist was broken. On the following day he came from his home to Kapunda (a distance of 26 miles), but on his arrival tbe arm was too much swollen to allow o its being examined by Dr. MacLachlan. On Wednesday, July 19, Mr. Webb went to the Adelaide Hospital. Reward fob Bbaveby.— A short time ago a team of four valuable horses belonging to Mr. P. Gait, of Alkudale, bolted in Main-street, Eapunda, with the wagon to which they were attaehed, while the driver was away from them fcr a few moments. The man, whose name is McKenzie, in his anxiety to save his master's property clung to the vehicle, and after pro longed ondeavourB, during which the wheel caught him several times, succeeded in gaining possession of the reins. Mr. J. Mullen and several other witnesses of the scene considered that the man's conduct was worthy of recog nition, and a su ascription being raised a small sum of money was privately handed to him on Wednesday, July 19. Mr. McKenzie's employer has expressed his intention to double the amount collected. Thb Rabbit Nuisance.— At a meeting held at Eudunda on Monday, July 17, to discuss the rabbit nuisance, Mr. D. Moody stated that in wheat alone the losses he had sustained from th ranges of rabbits amounted to between £2,000 and £3,(100. In speaking on the same subject, Mr. H. T. Morris said that 'on behalf of the Anlaby Estate he had paid for about 40,000 scalps before the Rabbit Act came into operation. Mow allowing the does (half of the number) to produce twenty young one? within the year, which is a moderate calculation as they breed at four months old, it shows a reduction of 1,400,000; and since the Act came into operation the District Council had paid for 9,0C0 ; now allowing that each of the rabbite actually paid fer (149,000; would average 2 lbs., that was equal to 293,000 lbs. of rabbit meat, which at say 6d. per 1b. represented a money value of £7,450.' Wasts of Maitland.— A public meeting, convened by Mr. P. Howard, J.P., to discuss the need of telegraphic communication and of a public school, was held at Mr. Driscoll's, Mait land Hotel, on Saturday evening, July 15. There was a large and influential attendance, and Mr. S. Rogers, J.P., presided. Mr. J. O. Tiddy stated that he had had an interview with Mr. Colby (of the Post-Office Department) in town, and that gentleman had assured him that telegraphic communication would speedily be opened to Maitland provided that an office for :he operator was erected by the inhabitants, peLding the erection of a suitable building by the Government at some future time, Poles haa already been erected, and the wire would soon be run through, as the Government seemed fully alive to the importance of affording telegraphic facilities to the inhabitants of Southern Yorke'a Peninsula. Mr. H. Lamshed, J.P., having taken the chair, school matters were discussed. The Chairman Btated he had received a form from the Chairman of the Council of Education, re questing him to fill it In with the number of the children in Maitland acd neighbourhood, &c.; He had accordingly canvassed the district, and the result was highly satisfactory. There were 93 children from 6 to 18 years of age in and around Maitland, 54 within a mile and a half, SO within three miles, and 9 within a distance of four miles. These figures proved conclusively the necessity of having a Kchoolhouse erected. He had collected subscriptiens in labour premised and cash amounting to £145 19i. (Cheers.) If the Government intended to give them a school, now was the time tojoommence it, as in summer there would be a scarcity of water. Mr. Peter Howard, J.P., asked If the Government would accept labour in place of niotey, and how was it to be arranged? Mr. J. Sitteon replied in the afinnative, and stated that it was usual for the contractor to name his price for the erection of a school, and the cost of material provided by the people would be deducted from the amount. Mr. S. Rogers, J.P.. proposed that a letter should be written, signed by fire or six of those present, to their senior member for the district, Mr. Duncan, requesting him to ask that a sum of money be placed on the Sstimates for the erection of a public school in Maitland. Mr. P. Howard seconded, remarking that Maitland was quite a3 important and deserved a school equally as much as townships like RedhDl, Laura, and Crystal Brook, at each of which piaces £1,000 was to be expended in the erection of a schoolhouse. Messrs. F. A. Braddock, J. O. Tiddy, H. R. Adams, and otheri spoke in support of the motion, which was earned nan. con. Bleached Wheat.— 1 he Bv&yip; is Informed by a large wheat merchant that of the different sorts ol wheat shipped to England last season, the bleached parcels brought 3d.- per cental more bjtD tbe yallovgrUQ. ' V\,;. :'pJi!;- '.'/,- . ?' , V'-. Stpbjtme TorRT.— Tba Full Court w*ll sit this recruit g at tbe usual time, it being tbe last day of the Second Law Term. Tan Jusk La?D Sai±s.— Referring to the lat? appearance of thu return in the Guamm'.itt Gazette, we are informed that tbe delay occurred' in tbe Government Priuting-Office, th9 return ha vie g been sent thero from tbe land Office on July 3. FlKB Meat. — There is a fine display of fat meat at Mr. Conrad'a Bhop, Hindby-^treet, including cavcaees of prize shee,.- Wjighiug frcm 109 lbs. to 134 U-s. each, and of a prize bullock weighing 1,306 lbi. East Afbjcan Mission.— We are informed that tbe Rev Charles Thomvi Wilson, eldest son of the Rev. T. P. Wilson, M. A., formerly Head Master of St. Peter's Collegiate School, wont out in May last with tbe East African Mission party, he being the only Church of England clergyman [From yesterday's Evening Journal.] Death fbo.m Leafing off a Balcont.— A-i inquest into the circumstances attending thj death of Mrs. Elizabeth Carrin^toa Gilthorpe, aged 62, who died at the Hospital on July 20, was held by Mr. J. M. Solomon, J.P., at the Hospital, on Friday morning, July 21. The evidenoe showed that on the morning of the 2nd May last deceased, who was staying with her husband at the Temperance Hotel, North terrace, suddenly rushed out of her bedroom and sprang over the balcony to the ground below, a distance of some 20 feet. She was conveyed to the Hopsital, where she expired on Thursday morning, July 20, from oxhaustion caused by a bed sore. With out retiring, the Jury returned a verdict ' that tho deceased, on May 2nd last, whilst labouring under a fit of temporary insanity, threw herself over the balcony of the Temperance Hotel, and death resulted from the injuries sustained thereby.' Port Wakefikld Bailwat.— On Thursday, July 13, the long- looked-for locomotive witb passenger train from Hoyleton waa brought to a stand-still at the Port terminus, thua terminating (the local Timts remarks) the excuses that ths tramway hitherto is not in sufficient repair to accommodate goods and passenger trains. Tho officials and others connected with the managing department were cordial'v received and 'ban- queted' in the usual Port ttyle. Mr. J. S. Antkony, J.P., ably filled the chair, and the usual loyal toasts were drunk and responded to. As many aa six vessels and two steamers happened to be loading in the port at the time, and these with all their bunting out male a show that evidently surprised the strangers that were in the town. A Ghost Stoby.— The Kapunda Herald is responsible for the following: — 'Haunted houses and ghost stories usually belong to old countries, and indeed the exercise of common sense has served to cause such superstitious fancies to be exploded there. There has, how ever, urfortunataly been prevalent in Kapanda for the last week or two a ghost story arising- out of the malicious action of some person who no do-^bt conceives he is playing a brilliant part when he succeeds in frightening women or children. For Eome time past those whose busi ness, &a; , has led them to pass by the dam after dark have been occasionally startled by the figure of a person enveloped in white passing within eight, and as Mr. Richards was drowned some years ago at the dam this figure was soon set down as his ghost. Mrs. W. Tuckfield, amongst others, was greatly frightened by such an appearance early on Saturday evening s Bhe was co nv?g into tbe main btreet. When he was ne ar the mill office the figure in white rose up out of the new culvert, crossed the road, and entered the plantation. This occurrence pave Mrs. Tuckfield a very severe shock, and in addition to those who have been frightened by seeing it, numbers of ohildren have been greatly f tightened by hearing exaggerated accounts of it. The police spent one or two nights in the neigh bourhood, watching for this would-be-thought ghostly visitant; but we presume his ghostahip cannot bear to be near the gentlemen in blue. Practical joking of almost any kind is objection able, and this is both senseless and highly daDgerous. A shock might in this way be instan ? taneously inflicted on persons of nervous tem perament the evil results of which would be life long in duration. Wo understand that efforts are bein^ made to catch this senseless joker, and if, as we trust will be case, these are successful, we hope hid captors will give him a good sousing in the dirtiest part of the dam, and a good hiding into the bargain. We should be the last to advocate an illegal assault on any person, but as this person wishes to be taken for a ghost he should receive ghostly treatment, and the water test would effectually settle the question asto the spiritual or material naturo of this nocturnal visitant. If he belongs to the former order it won't hurt him; if to the latter he fully deserves all the itjury he may receive.' &VEB; News.— The following were tha heights of the rivers at the localities mentioned on July 21, at 10 a.m.:— Wentworth, Darling, falling. Bourke, Darling, 13 feet, stationary. Brewarrina, Darling, 12 feet, rising slowly. EustoD, Murray, 5 feet, stationary. Balranald, Murrumbidgee, low. Hay, Murrumbidgee, low. Waega Wagga, Murrumbidgefl, low. Walgett, junction of Namoi and Barwon, 17 ft., rising. Walgett, Namoi, rising quickly. Walgett, Barwon, 17 feet, rising. The Rainfall.— The following are the quan tities of rain recorded at the places mentioned for the 24 hours ending on Friday, July 21, at 9 a.m.:— Adelaide ? 0*020 Tanunda ? 0-050 Melrose ? 0-029 Gawler ? 0*050 Georgetown ... 0-020 Mount Barker... 0-159 Clare ? 0-068 Robe ? 0*060 Kapunda ... 0050 Mount Pleasant. 0*110 Pbstbitgb Abistocbacy.— There is said to be quite a little community of Bank defaulters in Pentridge. Nearly ail of them are young men of respectable parentage and of quite superior education. When the civil servants who have embezzled or otherwise made away with public moneys entrusted to them are thrown in with the Bank defaulting gentlemen, we get tho cent dt la crime of Pentridge society, and quite an interesting company of refined prisoners. They have moved jn the best society; have been fast and fashionable men ; have lived well, dressed well, and have soared aloft into those regions known as the 'highest circles,' for a period of time long or short as tke case may be. Often long enough; often short enough — always bright and dazzling enough. But new the day of 11 pleasure' is over, and the terrible day of reckoning has come and gone, and the result is the silence, and the gloom, and the horrors, and terrors of a prison life. Strange to say, every one of these defaulters meant well. Every one of them meant integrity, meant honesty, meant to do well, and to keep doing welL They all tell us so, and we be. lieve them, for we know they are speaking the truth. 'Steal?' No, they never dreamed of taking that which did not belong to them. They ' borrowed a small sum at first,' intending to put it baok to-morrow, 'or the day after.' They wanted the 'accommodation' to pay a small bet, or certain losses in gambling, or to buy mininc shares whioh were to result in a fortune. The loan never was enquired into — never was missed, or its existence suspected— and so, of course, othsr 'loans' were taken to pay more bete, to square greater losses, to purshase more mining shares ' sure to turn out well.' By-and-by came the forging of the signature to the cheque, which led_to dis covery— often, indeed almost always, accidental. If young men would shun bettiog and gambling, and if the Bank authorities would adopt a more complete system of checks and counterchecks, there would be very few Draper?, O'Ferrala, or Sawells in comparison with the number there are.— P. C. Chronicle. INOCULATION FOR PLEURO PNEUMONLL Mr. Alexander Bruce, Chief Inspector of Stock in New South Wales, has done good service to colonial stockowners by tTifi mirtlinatinri nf liis nrftfit.ir.al and elabo rate report on the efficacy of inoculation in pleuro-pneumonia. The work was undertaken at the desire of the New South Wales Government, and some idea may be formed of Mr. Brace's labours and the immense mass of information he lias collected when we say he issued no less than fourteen hundred circulars to stockowners, and received upwards of five hundred replies. The v main objects of the questions were to elicit information as to the extent to which inoculation had been tried for the eradication of disease, and the result; and also to obtain opinions as to the advisability of compulsory legis lation on the subject. The answers show that a very large number of owners practise inoculation, and for the most part successfully. Mr. Bruce candidly * puts before the public the statements of those who have found inoculation fail, and shows what he thinks were the causes of their want of success. As regards the restilts of the inoculation, they are for the most part encouraging. The number of cattle re turned as inoculated is 393,137; but as some of the owners who practise the operation have made no returns, Mr. Bruce considers it may be fairly assumed that at least a million head of cattle have been inoculated in New South Wales alone. In most of the cases reported the disease had appeared in the animals before the operation was performed, and the effect has almost always been a speedy diminution of the infection, and in two or three months a disappearance of. the disease from the herd. As in the majority of instances the disease had run a lengthened course through the herd before inoculation; ' its rapid dis appearance, as Mr. Bruce points out, can be attributed to no other cause than the .effect of .the operation. As to the mode of inserting the'virus, the most favoured and least dangerous seems to be by the use of along speyiug or packing needle with worsted thread. Athough the pub lished tables show a higher percentage of deaths in animals in which the operation has been thus performed, this is considered to be due to the fact*that it was the pla'i* earliest adopted,' and hence many of the losses were due to inexperience. At present it is believed the percentage of; loss is in reality as low or lower than that by any other mode. A3 to the seat of tho inoculation, the opinion appears to be tolerably unanimous that the nearer to the tip of the tail the incision is made the better. This is so for two reasons— First, the -further the seat of -the- inoculation is from the body of *he animal the more remote is the chance of its being affected with swelling; and next, if it should be necessary to remove a portion of the tail on account of mal-inoculation it may be done with' the least injury to the animal. In most cases of death after inoculation the- cause is the excessive -swelling^of the parts. . This is frequently caused by the use ot putrid viru3oracarele33 incision. It will sometimes occur, however, from causes Altogether obscure. Care should always be taken that the virus is in sound condition and that the weather is cool, great heat being . a frequent cau3e of failure. As to the modes of cure in case of excessive swelling, from Mr. Brace's report it would appear they are. very various. The one mo3t commonly resorted to, however, is the cutting off the tail just above the wound. This almost invariably succeeds in saving the animal's life. Another plan frequently adopted is to incise the swelling deeply. This is successful if* tried early. ; It is frequently alleged that inoculation pro duces a very injurious effect upon the health of the cattle. From the returns published in the report, however, this appears to a great extent to be a fallacy. The objec tions which have 'been-' -brought-, against the operation are numerous^'*- and Mr. Bruce discusses them fully and impar tially. One th'at-'is frequently taken is the heavy losses occasionally arising from pleuro-pneumoniaafterindcuIatiQn. It is conclusively shown, however, that in the majority 'of instances thi3 is the result either » of ^an- imperfect opera tion or of the 'cattle being so much diseased at, the ftime, . they - were inoculated that the operation ? was^rac ically useless. Another favourite objec ion is that inoculation introduces the isease into a healthy herd and tends 0 spread it. Scientific opinion and iractical experience are both, however, ondusive against such a supposition. It ias been clearly proved that inoculated attle cannot convey the disease to ininoculated, and that where disease has ?roken out in herds containing inoculated nimals it is invariably due to external ontagion. The evidence given in this ery able report would, we'should say, be ufficientto convince the most sceptical ?f the advantages of inoculation in the reatment of pleuro- pneumonia. The act there stated that in the colony of Sew South Wales, as mentioned before, , million of cattle bave been inoculated, nd at least another million in the other olonies, and in all but a few exceptional ases every owner who has tried it has las always continued the practice, is cun lusiveiniheJ*. The question of compulsory legislation m tho subject of inoculat'on is mther a [ifficult one. But the fact that of the owners who have expressed an opinion on he matter a decided majority are in favour 1 the introduction of such an Act is ertainly significant The objections -hich Hve been made to compulsory aoculation have arisen in part from a irsapprehension. Some owners imagine he effect of such an Act would be that, hey would be obliged to inoculate all heir cattle whether infected or iot. This objection would, however, be asily got over by confining the onipulsory operation to infected herds -nly. This would meet all the require nents of the case, and would not press mduly on ownen. Many owners, again, ancy that if a compulsory measure were )assed, and one case of pleuro occurred ipon a ran, they would be obliged to noculate the whole of their cattle, how '.ver distant from the point of infection. ?U Mr. Bruce points out, however, such i proceeding would never be contem )lated, any more than that under the Scab Act all the flocks of a station would lave to be dressed if tho disease broke nit in one of them. As shown in the report the reasons in favour of cora mlsion are strong. It must bo remem sered that the virus is sometimes tlilHcult :o get, and much harm may arise ;rom loss of time in procuring it; (vhereas if a compulsory Act wore passed Lhere would be no delay, and a suffi cient supply could be easily obtained. Again, much danger arises from the operation being performed by unskilful persons, which would be obviated by making inoculation compulsory, as it would then be incumbent on the Govern ment to appoint properly qualified officers to carry out the provisions of the Act. On the twhole it seems to us if— as it appears now to be admitted — the disease, which, has proved so destructive to our herds, maybe diminished, if not eradi cated, by inoculation, the performance of the operation should be as much compul sory at least to the extent we have indi cated. ______^_^_ Telegraphic News. — Our telegraphic columns contain some items of news of more than ordinary interest. It is satis factory to ^ learn that the disturbance in Fiji, the details of which wo gave some time ago, has been successfully repressed. With the ' immense disproportion in number between the natives aud the white settles, it will be absolutely neces sary if we are to maintain our supremacy that any such attempts at rebellion should be put down with a firm hand. Especially should this be so when, as iu this instance, murder of -the most brutal kind was ^added to mutiny. Sir Arthur Gordon and those under his command have acted with commendable prompti tude. The natives ' have1 been defeated in every direction, and mest of those actually engaged in the re cent atrocities have' been captured. Fourteen of them have been con demned to dealh and : executed. Such a measure, 'however sad, was a stern necessity, and the natives will have been taught a salutary lesson, and the impres sion produced will, we^trast, be lasting. The number of casualties on the side of the Government has, we are glad- to say, been small, only between twenty and thirty having been killed and woundud. There has been another murder in the neighbourhood of the New Hebrides, the victim again being tho captain of a labour schooner. It is scarcely surprising that such cases should occur considering the con duct of some traders towards the natives. An alarming rumour, which we fain hope is not true, reaches us from New York. It ia to the effect that the Port Darwin cable was cut by the Fenians who aided the convicts to escape from Western Australia. If this Bhould indeed be the case the Fenians will have added another to the list of dastardly and atrocious crimes they have already committed — one which every right-tlunkingman must reprobate, and which i3 deserving of tho severest punishment _ = Technical Education for JVIeoimnics. — Our readers will remember that a move ment has recently been, 'started by the Chamber of Manufactures for the esta blishment of evening classes for instruction in mechanical drawing. The classes are to bo held in one of the rooms- of the Training School, the use of whichihaa been courteously granted by the Ctotlticil of Education. On July 20 the inaugural meeting was held, when there was aJarge: attendance of intending students^ Th& chief feature of the proceedings was a' very excellent address by Mr. R. Rees, M.P. 'We are very glad to find that the movement has been started so hopefully. We congratulate those who originated the scheme upon the success which has thus ' far attended their efforts, and wo hope the classes will continue to be diligently attended by a large number of mechanics. * i ? ...-?? ? . . '? ,'» U ' 