A CURIOUS ECCLESIASTICAL CASE. STRANGLE SCENE IN A CHURCH. A case of more than usual interest was heard at the Magistrates' Court, Woodside, on: Wed nesday, May 3, bofore Mr. E. Castle, S.M., and Mr. Ti. Perkins, J.P., Frederioh Wilhelm Kleinsehmidt, gentleman, and Johann Ernest Pfeiffer, of Schoenkold, farmer, were oharged on the information of Wilhelm Schubert, of near Lobethal, farmer, "that he did on the 23rd day of April, 1S76, at Lobethal, in the Evangelical Lutheran Church there situated, misuse, disturb, and molest one Lebrecht Friedrlch Ehregott Kraus, the pastor of the said Churoh, then and there officiating as preacher.at a congregation of persons assembled for; religious worship." Mr. L. von Doussa appeared for th9 informant, and Mr. W. R. Bundey for the defendants. Dr. Hubbewas .sworn ;as interpreter. "Mr, ''Yon Doussa, in opening, the case, said : that th% information was laid under clause 42 1 of Act 2 of 1859, which said, " whosoever-shall' wilfully,, and of purpose maliciously or con temptuously'Interrupt any'congregation, meet ing,- or' assembly, of persons assembled for religious worship, or shall in any way disturb, or .molest, or misuse any preacher, teacher, or "pPraon'bfficTafmgat"such congregation, meeting,~ or assemblyor any person present at any suphj;congregation, meeting, or assembly, shall be 'guilty of a" "misdemeanor." According to his instructions the defendants, en the day named in the information, prevented the.pasi.or from ascending the pulpit of his:Ohurch, Zanr Weinberge Christ!, at .Lobethal. They used considerable violence, and the minister had >to be rescued by, some, of ihis friendB. He deeply regretted that the necessity bad arisen to bring snob a case before.,the Court,"; considering .thbj respective positions *of the parties, bat he said, whatever might be iho opinion' of :tho defen dants, and those acting with them,-as to.their legal rights, he was confident the Court "would agree with biih that they oould : not- asser t them In the manner described. . If his instructions were correct, the evidence which he would bring forward would show very clearly tbat the defendants were wholly unjustified in taking the actios they bad, and even supposing that they had ground of complaint, if the evi dence was what he anticipated it would be, he should confidently ask ihat the defendants might be committed to take their trial at the Supreme Court. He then called the informant, Wilhelm Schubert, who stated that he was a trustee of the Zum "Weinberge Obrlsti Church, and also a member of the congregation meeting at the. church, and Mr. Krause had been their pastor for four years and a half. He attended •the church in the afternoon of-Sunday,-April 23; and heard the pastor notify that he would preach that evening 'in; the church. He went there in the evening, and when he reached the church the service had not commenced. The pastor opened the service by. saying—HXa. the name of the;i?ather, Sou, and Holy-Ghost," and reading two'lines'of k.hyma^^While.fchese were being sung, the''pastor stood by the altar in front of the pulpiti ' .'When' the hymn was. nearly. over .he,endeavored to. ascend the pulpit.' * K'einschinidt ..exclaimed -r- "^Gqw, Pfeiffer, look but." " Pfeiffer thon_ " caught hold" of the minister by the arm," and' Kleim schmidt " caught hold" of him also, and'.aaid— " You have td.sit down here." An awful row followed. - It could not ha^e been worse if it was in a public-house. His (witness's) sonahd a person - hained tKnoske rescued the pastor, " who then' went ".to~the" attar ' and "preached. There was a large congregation, and the dis turbance took place in their presenoe. . - By air. Bundey—The defendants are two of the Trustees of the Church and church property,• in conjunction with myself and-Mr, Thomas. The deed produced Is the declaration of trust upon which the property is held. The majority of the male members of the Church, being parr takers and members thereof, have power to decide upon all matters connected with Church •government', and the appointment and dis missal of the pastor. There is a Synod, called the Evahgelioal Lutheran Synod of South Aus tralia, to whom differences arising in Churches are referred. There - have - been unhappy dif ferences between the pastor and a portion of his congregation for some time past. An appeal was made by the pastor to the Synod, but I cannot say what the decision of the Synod was. It may have been adverse to the paBtor and those agreeing with him. Several notices, relating to steps that had been taken to dismiss the paator, were here handed to the witness; and, in reply fo a question, he said he had'neither seentbsra before nor heard "them read. The documents were in German, and the translations were made "by Dr. Hiibbe, The first was as follows : — •" Lobethal, 26th December, 1875. "To the Reverend Pastor L. F. If. Kranae, Lobethal, r. ■ " The congregation ' Zam Weinberge Ohristi' of this place has, on the day of this date, held a duly convened meeting of .the congregation, public notice of wbiob meeting has been given after Divine service this day and this day week ago j the purpose 'thereof was,- to take into consideration your pastor Kraus.e's official posi tion in the congregation 'Zum Weinb6rge .OhriBti"and, accordingly, the majority of the members'duly qualified to" vote of the congre gation ' Zum Weinberge Ohristi' beg leave to Inform you hereby, respectfully, of the reso lufcion of this. meeting of the said congregation, which is as follows " Whereas all attempts and pains whioh have been taken on the. part of. this oongregation, as also the pains taken by the Reverend 'Council of the Church' and by the Synod, ; for the purpose of coming to an understanding with yon touching your doctrinal points, which are foreign to the Lutheran Church, and your persistent implacability, have been- in vain "and unsuccessful; therefore, in consideration of the •premises,-the undersigned majority of the duly qualified members' of: the congregation. 'Zum Weinberge Ohristi,' which congregation only (be it noted) has the perfect right so to do, hereby notifies to yon, |hat from this time forth your official positiodin the congregation of this placaceases." , Okli. J '_ \\.j This was signed by the defendants -and - 38. otbgrmemberg'offhe congregation. The<,other notices' referred'to (meetingb to'be held t'o;qoh sider tht differences'bet Wecfn'the'.pastpr; ind His people, and also the appointment- of: a1 verger.1 The last document ran as follows"" '1 -Five three-quarter o'clock, ;; April 23,1876."" "Notice from meeting of tha/aopgregatlou.of ' Zum iaberge rOhriati'; to, Eaator L-., F. ■ JS., Krauker *-!l r~ *'Uv^-1' 'c vl ' 'J •" ' " TMb is to inform Pastor L. F.'S.i Krause that from and af t?r;thfe' hour he mnsj; not any more perform ahy~bffibhtlracta irfth'e- churcli of 'Zum Weinberge Ohriatl,' at Lobe'thaL:;.^ \r ;.v:. " By order of assembled congregation, . " J. ;E. Pfeippbe, Chairman " ■ Cross.-examlnation ooktinued—I saw the de IferidkmiPfeiffer 'and'.-pbstor \:KLtduao . with a paper at his houte on April 23. The pastor .did, not open thepaper,but-returned -it to Pfeiffer. There -jrijta >.jmeetihg that afternoon at the' paetpr'sr JhouBe, It, was about- the decision of :tiie:Syd'cd:OTd'Oliufcih Affairs, rr It was'after the paper1 referred to waB ;givem to the-pastor that I accompanied him to the church. Mr. "Woltke was ,in the,r?aderfs' chair when the:pajtor went np to the platfoun. I did.not know.tbat Woltke had beep apppintetflay readerihy the oongrega tion..Vi: Ndj i,.r Mr. von Doussa objeoted.tb'tliis, cross-exami nation, and submitted: that mo 'evidence was . receivable as to the assumed legal right of the defendants, and these aotihg withrkhem,, to do as they had donei'r-All1 that they'"had to enquire into was, was this; a -meeting of the congregation for religious! worship * . was" the' pastor there acting, aslavtkacher. to.such congrb gabion; and .was he whilst sp acting.interrupted and'disturbed by"thb defendants? " " Mr. Bundey contended .that tho evidence was Btrictly-: applicable to the "question before the Court. He should have presently to submit that, evenJaking; the informant's oyra version, the,case did.not come within the meaning of the Act referred to. ; He was instructed .that, so far from the defendants'-iieibg the aggressors; the charge should really have been laid againab'the pastor. The object of his'-orbai-examination was to show that the pastor had been dismissed-by 1^9 only persons who had power to dismiss him -t/M thai; he had been-held to be In the wrong by the jlSynod to.whom.ha had appealed; and that he was the party"taEihg'th'elawfntc> his own hands by forcibly entering iritd';the church when divine service was being held-by the lay reader, 'Mr. V7oltke. If the pastor had felt himself aggrieved his duty was to have taken the satna course as Dr. Loessol did, when the congregation wor shipping in his church in Adelaide prohibited him from acting, viz, an action upon the civil' side-of the Court, Cross-examination continued — When ;the pa3tor went up to the altar I did net hear him. say, " Mr, Woltke, what are you doing hero, you wicked man ?" I did not hear -him say to the defendant Kleinschmidt, "You are under the ban; you are under the ban." Afterthe pastor had given out two lines of the hymn, and the singing had commenced, the other, party up in the gallery commenced sieging another hymn, and played tho organ, They sang the hymn through.: The pastor remained at-the altar'affcer the defendant prevented him from'going into the pulpit. \--Lebreoht Friedrich Khregott Krauae said he was the pastor of Zutn Weinberge Ohristi. Church. He was appointed as pastor about four years and a half ago by the congregation, .He remembered the 23rd of April last. He held a service on the afternoon of that day in f-the~ chwchr,""arid safd"he" would' do' so'in the evening at 7 o'clock. He attended in the evening. The bell was ringing when be left hl3 house, but It ceased before he reached the church. He was not far from the church whenthe ringing of the bell ceased. The church doorlwas open. He did not see any one open it. All the people had not gone in when he got there. He went with two trustees, Schubert and Thomas. When he went up to the altar he was astonished to see Woltke sitting in his place. The congregation was not "ehgsged " id worship when he went in. The gScde of.commencing' the service was not the sauie in all congregations. He commenced it in'sill ways. His'intention on that night was to preach rim the; pulpit, and when the sing ing ended he took his books and went to the corner .of 'the altbr.: ; The steps of the pulpit were ooupied by a number of people, Pfeiffer and Kleinschmidt were there. Seeing the number of the persons on the steps he gave up his Intention to go into the pulpit. "When he went towards the pulpit the two defendants took hold of him. Pfeiffer took hold of his left arm and ..pulled him forward, and the other defendant took him by the right-hand side. Both defendants said, "This way; this way." Was defenceless, as his hands' were full. Two persons came to his assistance. He had a conversation-with Klein schmidt before this, when ho (Kleinschmidt) .called hima tyrant.-He told Kleinschmidt that he would put him into the ban, but that was in reply_to something' that Kleinschmidt said to him.. iHe t old Woltke that he was not in his place, and that ho was guilty of a wickedness ; to intrude in that place. Told him to recollect "that ho,. would have to die sometime, and that then he would 'suffer' for it. Woltke did not ! go away aflen he spohe to him. This converse tion took place after the service commenced. Byj Mr.' Bundey—Is don't know whether I saw a copy " of the . trust-deed produced. The defendants were' trustees" at the time of my appointment, and.weretwo of the members of the congregation who originally appointed me; '• have had differences with some of the mem bers of the congregation. I appealed to the Synod, but thej are only a consulting body, and have no governing power over, the Church.. I i cant say whether the'declsiondf the Synod was | adverse to me, :<but we appeal to the whole Lutheran Church of South Australia. The Synod has no appellate -jurisdiction from the Lutheran Churches. Was asked by defendant Pfeiffer to read a notice convening a meeting, to beheld on December 26, but I declined to do so. I can't say whether I received notification that .my services would be dispensed with on 23th : December, I did not know that the keys of the church were handed to the verger by the defen dant Pfeiffer, on behalf of the congregationj. after the decision of the Synod. Pfeiffer and Yankie called at my' house-; on 23rd April. Pfeiffer presented a- paper to me, which I did not read. I will swear that Pfeiffer did not tell me not to attempt to come into Church again, or use words to that effect, Mi\ Bundey—What was the reason that you decided not to receive the paper? Witness— Because in America the law is very strict against any such documents being read on Sunday, and it would have no effect. Mr. Bundey—Then the "reason you declined to receive it was, be cause you thought that It was not right to write anything, even about Church matters bn a Sunday. "Witness—Yea. "Mr. Bundey—But you were having a meeiiog at your own house, were you not, about Church matters ? Witness —Yes. Mr. Bundey—Was it more wicked to write about Church matters oh a Sunday than to hold meetings in your house about them ? (Laughter.) Witness—I heard rumors that the defendants intended to , meet at the church half an hour- .earlier " than usual. The usual hour of meeting is .7. I believe it was before 7 o'clock when I went to church, Mr. Bundey—Why did.you go. earlier than usual ? Wituess—I can" go when I like. Woltke was at the'altar when I got into the ohurch, , I dld not say to him " What have you to do here, you wicked"; man ?" Did not say " T ain in my proper place by the authority of the congregation, and will do my duty." I did say; " Tain the pastor of the congregation, and In your illness' ! prayed " with yoit" I did not say " I give you into the handB of Satan," or " the Holy Ghost is truly nob speaking through you; you may say as. much as? you like,'! will give youi no'answer." I did not knovr-that Woltke was appointed lay reader. ~* i The Court then adjourned fora- short time, and the parties" conferred. The obunsel inti matedtbat'an arrangement had been arrived at, by which the pastor was to abandon all attempts to continue his pastorate in the Ohuroh, and he was . to have rent -free for his life, .the use of the houBe and premises occupied by him, and also a piece of land' adjoining for a vegetable garden. Tim charge was withdrawn; The, Presiding "Magiarrate expressed his plea sure on hearing, the decision arrrived at. He remarked that it was' a most unfortunate mis-', understanding, and, considering .the. respective positions of ithe parties; he thought that it was; far ^belter to come to an amicable arrangement than to give rise to the scandaL that would pro-, bably ensue if the matter went further. The Court was crowded during the time the case, was being heard, and great interest was manifested in the proceedings. 