THE BOY AND THE MICROSCOPE. {Detroit Free Prsss.) Tho other day a Detroit father purchased a microscope for hiB son, a boy of ten, patted the lad on the shoulder, and said to him — ??' My son, take this microscope, andgooutand otudy the beauties of nature.' The boy loft all oth- r amusements for that, and he took such great interest, and improved so rapidly, that at the tea table, to which several visitors sat down with tho family, he felt that he must make some remarka. Turning to one of tho ladies, ho inquired, ?' Did you aver look at cheese through a microscope?' 'I don't think lever did,' ahe pleasantly replied. ' Well vou iuat ouoht to GGe the things crawl' ? 'John, John I' exclaimed the father, shaking hi^ head at him aoross the table, John subsided for a minute or two, and when hia mother paaaed the cheese around, everybody said- 'Thank you, no.' Pretty eoon the young student, desiring to molify his father, a3ked, 'Father, did you ever look at a toad through a microscope ?' 'I will talk to you after aupper,' replied the parent, scowling at the boy. John was rather dis appointed at his failure to arouoo enthusiasm, and jusb ns the strawberries were- being passed arouud he remarked, Si Well you just ought to look at a strawberry once through the micro scope I They jus'c look like aarfcs, they do, and you think you oee buss running ' ? ' J.iwn !' said his mother. ?? Boy !' warned his father. ' Well, they look wora'n fiieB hoada !' protested the boy, wlio imngined they doubtod his vera city, 'for flies' ? 'Boy !' said hia father, making a motion for John to leave the table. John left, and as soon as it waa convenient for him to do so the father escorted the lad to tho washing room in the basemonfc, bounced him around, and oaid— ' My son, gimme that micro scope, and you take an axe and go out and study the beauties of that woodpile !' If that boy continues to feel the way he does at present, he will become a bank robber instead of a natti° ralist. They were seated afc a late dinner, when the door bell rang, and the servant handed a card to Jones's wife, 'Good gracious! it's our minis ter and I've been eating onions!' sho exclaimed. ' Never mind,' said Jone3, ' you need not kino him to«day.' ' I haven't eaten a mouthful in two dayo,' said a cramp, ' and my wife and three children are starving at home.' '1 would give you something,' the philanthropist replied, 'but I have nothing less than a fire dollar bill.' ' I will change it for yon,' said tho tramp. Dr. Burnett, wishing to soil a bad horse, mounted it to show off its good qualities, bat he did not succeed in managing this as he ex-* pected. 'My dear Dr. Burnett,' said the in teuded purchaser, ' when you want to mislead me mount the pulpit, and nob the saddle,' What ailed her. — ' IlSadam,' said he to an old lady whs insisted on knowing what ailed her, ?' the nerve3 of your typanum have fallen on the carbellum, causing a tizarjzen, and it was what we call a scrutinary complaint.' ' Good nees me,' ohe exclaimed, 'you're the first doctor that ever told me exaotly what waa the matter !' ' I have oome for my umbrella,' aaid a lender of it on a rainy day to a friend. 'Can't htlp that,' said the borrower; 'don't you see I am going out with it?' ' Well, yes,' replied tho lender, astonished at suoh outrageous impudence, 'yes, but — but— what am I to do?' 'Do?' said the other, aa he opened the umbrella and walked off — ' do as I did — borrow one.' In a recent book we read the story that a Scotch gentleman of fortune on his deathbed asked the minister 'Whether, if he left £10,000 to the Kirk, his salvation would bo certain.' The cautious minister responded, -5 1 would not like to be positive, but its weel worth the trying.' The gentleman gave the money, and soon afterwards gave up the ghost. 