ABLE TO SAVE. j A SKKMON HY THK KEV. CAXON KTIK, M.A. j ? ' "He is uMo also to save them to tho uttermost that cunio unto God by Him, seeing He over liveth to make intercession fur them."-Hebrews vii. 25. There is one subject iu religion about which yon cnn never know too nm ch. That subject is Jesus Christ the Lord. This is tho mighty subject which the text; unfolds-Jesus Christ, aud Jesus Christ's intercessi' yJJi I have heard of a book eutitled "Thc Story wit'^^ un end.'' I know no story deserving that t' ^ m ? Well as the everlasting Gospel : this is indeed iü truth tho story' without an end. There is r ^ iu/£u^c " fulness" in Christ ; there aro in Him "ll" ^&\\-chabli riches;" there is in Him a » a love which ' ijnow. ledge f Ho is an " unspeakable gift. /Uet0 is ß(J ¿ to all the riches thu* ave treasured ur » ^n j¿n>_«n jjjf person, in His work, ir* His offices, in. (m -a H{; deeds, in His life m lus death, in, lLiii VC3Un.octioii, 1 hike but ono branch of tho grea j 8"Meo-fc t]li¡á ¿>iy j am going to speak io you rib'^ fho intercession and priestly omeo of cwr/^rd .1 «¡sus christ. May God the Holy Ghost bleus tho consideration of this subject! May Ho, wit rouf who^ tuiuisters preach and write in vam, apply the,«subjccfc with power to your soul ! There aro ^,r00 points Which 1 purpose to consider in opening thr ,«¡oxt;. l~Y,9V .havè her* a dwariptioa of all truo Chris tians: tr jfQ, arfii) pcopig w)l0 C(>UJC to Go(1 by Christ. J1\ A>u littvo tho work that Jesus Christ is ever carryi ^ on ou behalf of true Christians. He ever lives t0 ro ¿fee intercession for them. "J -You-have thc comfortable conclusion built by « » ^aul Upon Christ's work of intercession. He says : .He is able to save to tho uttermost them that como nmto 'God by Him, because Ho ever livoth to mako 'intercession for them." ,. T--You have, first, a description of all truo Chris . iinns. It is most simple, most beautiful, and most truo. .Great is the contrast between tho description given by ¡tho Holy Ghost of a Christian, and- tho description which is given, by man. With man it is ofton enough (to say that tjvlCh a ono " is a Churchman," or that such M one " belongs to this body of Christians or to that." .in. NQ** 80 wacu *uo Holy Ghost draws the picture, ibo IToly Ghost describes a Christian as a man " who .corney llut0 God by Christ." x'ruc Christians como unto God. They arc not as muuy who tum their backs upon Him: who "go into ii far county," like thc prodigal son ; " who go out," like Cain, " from tho presence of tho Lord ;" who are "alienated, strangers and enemies iu their mind by wicked works." They are reconciled to God and friends of God. There aro not as many, who dislike everything that bolongs to God,-His word, His day, His ordinances, His people, His house. They love all that belongs to their Blaster. The very footprints of His steps are dear unto them. His nanto is as oint ment poured forth.-They aro not us many, who aro content with coming to church, or with coming to chapel, or with coming to thc Lord's table. Thoy go further than that. Thoy " come unto God," and in communion with God thev live. But, more than this, true Christi<ms como unto God ïu a certain peculiar way. They como unto God by "Christ ; pleading no other plea, montioning no other name, trusting in no other righteousness, resting on ito other foundation than this,-that Jesus hath lived, Jesus hath died, Jesus hath risen again for their souls. "I, tho chief of sinners nm, But Jesus died Tor nie." This is the way by which tho true Christian draws near to God; Tho way of which I have been »peaking is i'm .old way. It is well nigh 6,000 years old. All that have .Aver been saved have drawn near to God by this way, (From Abel, the first saint that entered Paradise, down to tho last infant that died this morning, they have .Jill come te God only by Jesus Christ. " No man cometh unto tho leather, but by Christ." It is a r/ood way. lt is easy for tho worldly-wise to sneer at and ridicule it. But all tho wit and wisdom of mun has never devised a way moro perfect, moro com plete, and that will hear moro thoroughly all fair and Reasonable investigation. It has been to tho Jew a stumbling-block ; it has hoon to tho Greek foolishness. Sut all who have known their hearts, and understood what God demands, have found tho way made by Jesus Christ a good way, and a way that stands fullest exami nation that can be made as to its wisdom. Therein thoy Sud justice and mercy met together, righteousness and peace kis^ag one another ; man knowing himself a poor, 'weak shiner, yet drawing near to God with boldness, 'haviug-access with confidence, looking up into His face withetit fear, seeing Him in Christ his leather and his Sfriend. Kot least it is a tried way. Thousands and tens of 'tliousauds have walked in it, and not ono of all that number have ever missed heaven. Apostles, prophets, patriarchs, martyrs, early fathers, puritans, men, of God iu every age, and of every people and tongue; holy men of own day,-men like Simeon, Kickerstetb, Havolock,-have all walked in this way. They have had their battles to fight, and their enemies to contend with ; they havo had to carry tho cross: they have found lions in their path ; they have had to walk through the valley of the shadow of death ; they have had to contend with Apollyon. They have had to cross at last'the cold dark river ; but they havo .walked safely through to the other side, and entered with joy into tho celestial city. And now they are all waiting for you and me to walk in their steps, to follow them, and to share in their glory. This is tho way I want you to walk in. I want you to como unto God by Jesus Christ. Let there be no niistako ns to the object which true minis ters of tho gospel have in view. Wo aro not' set »part merely to perform a certain round of ordinances; to read prayers, to Christen those that aro Christened, to bury thoso that aro buried, to marry those that aro married. We are set apart for the grand purpose of proclaiming the one true living way, aud inviting you to walk in it We ought to labour day and night, until wc cnn persuade you, by God's blessing, to walk in that way, \--the tried way, tho good way, the old,-and to know the peace which passcth all understanding, which in that wayaloneis befound. II--I pass on now to tho second point which I purpose to consider. Tho text speaks oF tho wort: which the ~frd Jesus Christ is ever ilnin;/ on behalf of true Christians. I a *k your special attoiiion to this point. It Js one of deep importance to our peace, and to thc estab lishment of our souls in the Christian faith. Thereisone great work which the Lord Jesus Christ MS done and finished completely. That work is the work ot atonement, sacrifice and substitution. It is the work which Ho did when He suffered for sin. thc just for «e unjust, that Ho might bvi<az us unto God. Ho KW us ruined by thc fall, a world of poor, lost, ship- j ^recked camero. He caw and he pitied us ; and in com eutmw töth {h? V7?r Ie stine council? OF ths Etsms'i 'SSit^?i)Came down ío l«e world to aüffer in our' .n i « 8ave us Clîrîif " ^ «°M>a^ great work which the Lord Jesus ces«;T ?n,t6**8- That woi-k is tho work of inter co h» ¡,7? .'J^*' woí,k Ho «Monee for all; nothing II-«-as " ¿ i*.tD ''S nothing can bc taken away from.it theXil.?'A»hed, perfect work, when Christ offered up nfiWfl i . 00 uPdli tlle cross: no o'her sacrifice need bo fSifl « . tüc sac«fl«e o«cö made Ly the Lamb of . sn «ni- *-1,0 shed his mtn blood afc Calvary. But the rt" 'n yjotk Ho is over carrying on at the righi; hand of A,. ' where He makes intercession for his people-Thc ' r .«t work He did on earth when ho died upon tho j 5°?^:ttT seoond work Ho carries on in heaven, ut tho j , Wfa'hti. Hand of God tho rather.-Tho first work He did » iw all mankind, and offers tho benefit of it to all tho j ' world : the Second work He can-its on and accomplishes . solely und -entirely on behalf of his own clcot, His! pcjule, His servants, mid His children. j , How does our Lord Jesus .'brist carry ou this work ? j How shall we comprehend and grasp what is tho mean- 1 jug of Christ"s intercession? Wo must not pry rashly into things unseen. "Wo must not " rush in Avhcro angels fear to tread." Yet sonio idea wo can obtain of tile nature of that continual intercession which Christ evor lives to make on behalf of His believing people. Our Lord Jesus Christ is doing for His people the work which tho Jewish High- priest of old did oil behalf oi* tho Israelites. He is neting Us the manager, the representative, tho mediator in all things between His people und God.-He is ever presenting on their behalf His own perfect sacrifice, and His all- sufficient ! inevit, before God tho Father.-Ho is ever obtaining : daily supplies of fresh mercy and of fresh grace for I His poor weak servants, who need daily morey for daily ! sins, und daily grace for daily necessities.- Ho ever ; prays for them. As Ho prayed for Simon Peter upon ' earth, KO I believe he prays for His people now. - He presents their names bofove God tho Father. Ho I carries their names upon His heart, tho place of love ; i and upon His shoulder, tho placo of power,-as the j high-priest carried the mimes of all thc tribes of Israel, j from the least to the greatest, when he wore his robes ' of office. Ho presents their prayers before God. They go up before God the Father mingled with Christ's all j prevailing intercession, and so aro acceptable in God's ; sight. Ho lives, in one word, to be the friend, tho ! advocate, tho priest, tho all-provailing agent, of all who ' are His members hero upon earth. As their elder brother He acts for them ; and all that their souls require, He, in the court of heaven, is ever carrying on. Does anyono need a friend? In such a world ns this, how many hearts there are which ought to respond to that appeal ! How many there arc who feel "I stand alone." How many have found ono idol broken after another, one staff failing after another, . one fountain dried af ter another, as they have travelled through tho wilderness of this world. If tbcro is ono who wants a friend, let that ono behold at thc right hand of God an unfailing friend, tho Lord Jesús Ohrist. Lot that ono repose his achiug head and weary heart upon tho bosom of that unfailing friend, Jesus Christ I the Lord. Thero is ono living at God's right hand of ^.matchless tenderness. There, is ono who never dies. ' There is one who never fails, never disappoints, never I forsakes, never changes his mind, never brocks off ; friendship. That Ono, the Lord Jesus, I commend to all who need a friend. No ono in a world Uko this, a fallen world, a world which wo find more and moro barron, it may be, every yc>r wo live,-no ono ever need be friend less while tho Lord Jesus Christ lives to i intercedo at tho right hand of God. j Beware of regarding tho Lord Jesus Christ only as I ono that is dead. Here, I believe, many greatly err. They think much of His death, and it is right that they should do so. Hut wo ought to remember that Ho not only died and went to tho grave, but He roso again, und ascended np on high, leading taptivity captive. "We ought to remember that He is now sitting on tho right hand of God, to do a work as real, as j true, as important to our souls, as the work which He j did when Ho shed His blood. Christ lives, and is not ' dead. He lives as truly as any one of ourselves. \ Christ sccs us, hears us, knows us, and is acting as a i Priest) in heaven on behalf of 'His believing people. 1 The thought of His life ought to have as great and im I portant a place in our souls, as tho thought of His death upon tho cross. I III.-I will now speak, in the third place, of the < comfortable conclusions tiiat thc Apostle builils upon the everlasting intercessions of the Lord Jesus Christ. "Wc need much comfort and consolation in a world liko this. , It is no easy matter for a man to carry thc cross and reach heaven. Thero aro many enemies to bo encountered and overcome. Wo have often to stand alono. "We have at the best times few with us and many against us. "Wo need cordials and strong consolation to sustain and cheer us, and to preservo us from fainting on tho way as we travel from Egypt into Canaan: Thc Apostle appears deeply conscious of all this in the words ho uses. He says, " Ho is able to savo to the uttermost,"-to save perfectly, to save com pletely, to save eternally,-"all that come unto God by Him, because He over liveth to niakc intercession for them.» I might say much on tho glorious expression which is before you. But I forbear. I will only point out a few of the thoughts which ought to arise in bur minds when we hear of Christ's ability.to save to tho utter most. I have not spaco to dwell on them at length. I I rather throw them out as suggestions to supply matter for private meditation. 1\. Think for ono thing, that Christ is able to save to tho uttermost, notwithstanding tho old sins of any believer. 'Those old sius shall never rise again, nor stand up to condemn tho child of God. For what says tho scripture : "Christ has not entered into tho holy place made with hands, but into heaven itself, to appear in thc presenco of God for us." Christ, to a legal phrase, is ever making an api'carance in the court of heaven oa behalf of thom that believe . in Him. There is not a year, nor a month, nor a I day, nor an hour, nor a minute, but there is One living in tlie presence of God "to inako au appearance I there on behalf of all tho saints. Christ is ever Í appearing before God the Father on behalf of tho ! men and women that believe in Him. His blood and ¡His sacrifice arc ever in God's sight. His work, His death, His intercession, are always sounding in God thc Father's ears. I I remember readiag a story in ancient history which j may help to-illustrate, tho truth on which 1 am now ; dwelling. It is the story of ono who was put upon trial ; . for a capital charge at Athens shortly after the great b.it tie of Marathon. In that famous battle the ' Athenians h¡'d preserved, by their valour, liberty for . ' their little ¡State, against the mighty hosts of the Per ' uians ; and among those who had distinguished theni ' selves greatly, the brother of the prisoner was one, and had been sorely wounded in the fight. Thc mau was j put upon his trial. The evidence against him was strong and unanswerable : there seemed no chance of , . thc prisoner escaping condemnation. Suddenly there j ! came forward one who asked to be heard on his behalf. ? And who was this ? It was his own brothor. When ; i he war. asked- what evidence he had to give, or what j i reason he had to show why tho prisoner at the bar ¡ ! oivht not to be found guilty, he simply lifted up° his mutilatod arms-nothing but stumps- i ' tb* hands iornplstsly r-ii off, th<3 ~cimdv4 t-tumra aloue remainiug. Ho waa recognised as a niau who at the battle of Marathon, hud done prodigies o valour, and in the service of tho State had lost hi hands. By those wounds he liad helped to win thi victory which was then ringing in Athenian cars Those wounds were tho only evidence he brought for ward. Those wounds were the only plea ho advanced why his brother ought to bo let go free, and sentence ought not to be passed upon him. And the storj states that for tho sako of thoso wounds-for thc siko of all his brother had buffered, tho prisoner wa.« acquitted. The cuse was dismissed ut once, and thc prisoner obtained his liberty. Ju like manner the wounds of the Lord Jesus Christ are over beforo God tho Father. Tho nail prints in His hands and feet tho maries of the spear in His side-the thorn murk* upon His fo.'ohead-tho marks of ¡ül tm.t he suffered as a Lamb slain, uro ever before God tho Father in heaven While Christ is in heaven, tho believer's sins will never rise in judgment against him. Think not wit! fear upon those old sins of yours, my believing brothel or sister. Christ lives, and those old sins will not eoutloinn you "We havo an ever-living cvor-inter coding F ivett. Christ is not dea l, but alive. 2\. Think again, that Christ is able to save to tin uttermost, notwithstanding all tho present weakness o His beliving people. How great that weakness is, time; would fail mo to show. There are many of God's ehil dren who know their hearts' bitterness, who heivai with strong crying and tears their shortcomings, theil unprofitableness, und the scanty fruit they bring forth But oh, my beloved, take comfort i" the words of St Johu: "If any man sin, wc have an advocate Avith tin Father"-over present with tho Father-"Jesus Chrisl the righteous ; and He is tho propitiation for our sins.' Those weaknesses may well humble thee. Those infir mitiesnmy wall make* thee walk softly beforo thy God But while the Lord Jesus Christ lives those iniirmitici need not make theo entirely despair. We have an over living,cvor-intercediiig Priest. Christ is not dead bul alive. Think again, that Jesus Christ is able to save ti tho_ uttermost, notwithstanding «ll tho triuls thai believers have to go through. Hear what the Aposth Paul says to Timothy: "I suffer: nevertheless I an not ashamed, for I know whom I have believed, linc am persuaded that He is able to keep that which ] have committed unto Him against that day." So lou{ as Jesus Christ lives, the believer in thc Lord Jcsui Christ may be assured that no aftlietion shull bo allowee to break oil' tho union between him and his risen Head He may suffer greatly and be sorely tried. But while Christ lives ho shall never bo forsaken. Ncithei poverty, nor sickness, nor bereavements, nor separa tions, shall over separate Jesus and His believing people. We have an over-living, evor-iutcrccclii:£ Priest, Christ is not dead, but alive. 4\. Think again, that Christ is ablo to save to the uttermost, notwithstanding all the persecutions thal believers havo to go through. See what is said of St Paul, when ho met with much opposition at Corinth Wo are told that tho Lord stood by him in the night and said, " Be not afraid, but speak and hold not tbj peace ; for I am with thee, and no man shall set on thei to hurt theo, for I have much pcoplo in th's city." Re member what he said to St. Paul at a former time, wher He met him on the way to Damascus : " Saul, Saul, whj persecutcst thou J£e/" Every injury done to tho bo lievor, is an injury doue to the living Hoad in heaven And every persecution showered elown upon tho head ol tho poor child of God hero is known, felt, and, I maj add with all reverence, resented, by our Great Eldei Brothel-, who is over living to make intercession for us Christ li vos, and therefore believers, though persecuted shall not be destroyed. "In all theso things we an more than concjuerors through Him that loved us." Wt have an over-living, over-intcrcodiug Priest. Christ ia not dead but alive. 5\. Think again, that Christ is able to save to th< uttermost, notwithstanding all tho temptations of the devil. Remember that famous passage in tho Gospel of St. Luk", where our Lord, speaking to St. Peter says, "Simon, Simon, behold Satan hath desired te have you, that he may sift you as wheat ; but I have prayed for thee, that thy faith fail not." Prayer lik< that is still carried on. ,Thosc words were spoken ai au emblem of what the Lord is ever doing on behalf ol His believing people. Satan, the prince of this world is ever going about as a roaring lion seeking whom he may devour. But Christ lives ; and, blcsseel bo God whilst Christ lives Satan shall not bo able to overcome tho soul that believes on Him. Wo have an ever' living, ever-interceding Priest, Christ ia not dead but alive. .... . . Would you know the secret of tho believer's bold ness in prayer? It is a marvel how a mau that feeli his sin so elecply as tho believer does, can speak with the confidence the bolicver frequently docs. How one that acknowledges he is wretched, miserable, poor, blind, nakcel, ruined, undone ; who often docs what h< ought not to do, and leaves undone what ho ought to do, and finds no health in him; how such a ono ns this can go before God with confidence, pour out his heart beforo Him freely, ask from Him what he reejuires elay after day and not feel afraid,-this is wonderful inelecd, What is the secret of it? It is the intercession of om Loni and Saviour Jesus Christ, whereby the true Christian knows Iiis prayers arc made acceptable, and received in tho court of heaven. What is tho believer's prayer in itsolf ? A poor, weak thing, unfit to rise ¡ above the ground. I know nothing it is more like than j a bank-note without thc sigiiaturo in the corner. What is the value of that bank-note without the signature ? Nothing at all. Onco get a fow words, a very few letters, traced in ink upon thc corner of that bank-note, and that which was a piece of waste paper a few moments beforo, bocomcs worth, it may be, many hundrcel pounds, through tho signature being attached to it. So it is with the intercession of Christ. Ho signs, endorses, and presents tho believer's petitions, and through His all-prevailing intercession they are heard on high, and bring down blessings upon the Christian soul. Would you know thc secret of daily comfort in all the toil and business and distractions wc have to go through ? We all know that they who have to elo work in any secular calling find the work oftentimes a sore burden to their souls. Oftentimes in the morning they feel, " How can I got through this day without a defiled conscience, without being sorely troubled and tempted to forget my God?" How shall a man got through thc day with comfort, fill his office in thc ' world, elo his duty in the position to which God has called him? Let him lay holli upon the intercession of Jesus Christ. Let him grasp the great thought, tint Christ not merely died for him, but rose aguin, and still lives for him. Thero is a story re:orded of one who lived some 230 years ago; a man well known in his day and generation-a mau who left behiutl a character as pure and unsullied as any one who foll in the unhiippy Commonwealth wars: I alludo to the great Lord ; Falkland. It is recorded of Lord Falkland, dur ! iug tho Commonwealth wars,- when he was often 1 engaged in duties from morning till night, that a common prayer of his beforo leaving his tent was something of this kind,-'. Lord, I am going this day 1 to do the duty whereunto I am called. I may som" i times forget Thee. I cannot havo my thoughts at all iiraw ss fuüv ñxzá upcE Thee ssl r?'-ild THEA, But, r Lord, if I this day forget thee, do not Thou Forget mo.* Thia is tho thought that every believer should lay hold upon who has much to do in tho business of this world. Rising from his bcd in tho morning, going from his room every morning, leaving his houso every morning, let him bear in mind. " Thero is One living in heaven who intercedes for me, whilo I am following my lawful colling. Although I may be absorbed in business, and obliged to give up all tho powers of my poor weak mind to it, still there lives One who never forgets mo." He may say, as Lord Falkland said, "Lord, if I this day forget Thee, do not Thou forget mo," . . . . 1 will now conclude by a f ow words of application to all. My heart's desire and prayer to God is that tho words I have been using may yet bear fruit in your soul. lu order that they may do so, I offor a few words ' of faithful and affectionate counsel. ?. j I would oß'tv cav.mel, first, to all who aro anxious and . troubled respecting their soul's salvation, and know . not what to do. If you aro such a person, I charge you and entreat you, I beseech you and invito you, to como into tho way of which I have been speaking. I beseech you lo como to God by the old and tried way,-tho way of faith in Jesus Christ. Draw near to God, pleading tho nnmo of Jesus. Bugin this very day to cry mightily unto God, in tho name of Jesus, on behalf of your soul. Say not you have nnythingto plead foryoursolf. You have nothing to plead. Your lifo, your thoughts, your waj's, all alike condemn you. Say nothiug about yourself but this, - that you ¡ire a sinner, a great sinner, a guilty sinner, you turu to God. Como to Him in tho name of Jesus, saying, you have heard that through Jesus a sinner may come near Him. Toll Him that you aro a sinner, a great sinner, and an unworthy ono. But tell Him that you como in the faith of His promises, in tho coufideucc of His own Bible invitation; und hi tho name of Jesus, and for the salto of Jesus, and on ac count of Jevuts, you ask to be received, heard, pardoned, forgiven, and accepted. Tell Him that you wish to have your luimo-even that name of yours connected hitherto with worldliness, thoughtlessness, carelessness, and «in-added to the list of God's dear children.. Will you say that you aro afraid to come to God_? Your fear is needles. You shall not bo cast out, if you will but canto in tho way of fui th in Christ, Our God is not "air-austere mau." Our Father in heaven is full of morey, love, and grace. I yield to none iu desire to exalt tito love, mercy, and tenderness of God the Father. I will not concedo, for one moment that what is called an evangelical íninistry, will not mag nify tho mercy, love and compassion of God tho Father as much as any ministry on earth. Wo know that God is holy. We know Ho is just. We believe that He can bo angry with them who go on still in sin. But wo also believe that to those who draw near to Him in Christ Jesus Ho is most merciful, most loving, and most tender, most compassionate Wo toll you that the cross of Jesus Christ was tho re sult and comicquenco of that love The cross was not tho causo and reason of God's morey, but tho re sult and consequence of tho everlasting lovo of God the Father, God the Sou, and God the Holy Ghost, towards a poor, lost, and bankrupt world. Draw near in faith by that living way, Christ Jesus, to tho Father. Think not for a moment-tho . unworthy thought shall never prove truo- that so drawing near to God tho Father by Christ, God the Father will not receive you. He will receivo you gladly. As the father did to tho prodigal son when ho ran to meet him,-fell on his neck and kissed Him,-so will God tho Father do to than soul that draws near to Him iu the name of Christ. Finally, let me gladden "ll boliovers hy reminding them that Christ is yet to eorao again.- Tho'Great High Priest is yet to come forth from tho Holy of Holies, to bless all tho people who have believed on Him. Ono part of His work He'did when Ho died upon tho cross ; auothor part of His work Ho is still doing, interceding for us at God's right hand. But the third part of the High Priest's office remains yet to be done He has yet to como forth from the Holy of Holies, us tho high-priest did upon thc day of atonement,-to como fortu from within tho vail to bless tho people That part of Christ's .work is yet to come. He is now gono into heaven itself,-Ho is within tho Holy of Holies : He is gono behind the voil. But our Great High Priest-a greater ono than Aaron- shall yet como forth one day. Ile shall como in power and great glory, Ho shall come as Ho left the world, when Ho went np ia tho clouds of heaven. Ho shall como to gather from tho north and from the south, from tho cast and from the west, all who have loved His name and confessed Him before men-all who havo heard His voice and followed Him. He shall gather them together into ono happy company. There shall be no move weakness, and no more sorrow-no more parting, and no moro sepa ration-no mure sickness, and no moro death-no moro disputing and no more controversy-no more fighting with tho world, thc flesh, and devil-and, best of all, no moro sin. That day shall bo n happy day indeed, when the High Priest comes forth to do tho, third, last part of His work-to bless His believing people. " Ho that tcstifieth theso things saith, surely I como quickly. Amen. Even so, come, Lord Jesus." 