OUR PARIS LETTER. (From our Own Correspondent.) Paiuh, May 13. Among tliu sovoral cxlmuruiunry, out liappyo volutions at .present taking place iu Franco, tliu civic or domestic innuoncus that arc rapidly gaining ground in the iumy, merit to be studied. Tho military spimof tho nation is us intact as 111 tlio fuiKM of Cinsiu. but it is L'liiduallv becom- ing lo3s ndvonturesomu, more prudent hi a word. This cluingo is the natural conso- (pienee of tliu . now army reoiganisation schemes, and which aimed at two essen tial ends — coinpolling every able-bodied citixun to bo a 'soldier— to bo eqiud before tlio defence of the country as before tlio code, and to mako military life settled in stead of nomadic. Tho realm is divided into eighteen military zones, each sub- divided into districts. There is nu army . corps corresponding to every zone, and which is a kind of fixture. Anolliecr can thus settle down, become liko Ger man soldiers, a family man, and this is just the evolution that is being accom plished. -'Honco regiments wiU'iio longer be sent to foreign parts ; Algeria will bo dofund6d by special troops, and ns thcro are no dynasties to crutch ii(), tho coun try can no longer bo dmggod mto wars for ideas, or expeditions to extend to Latin race. In case of European war, the law yer and tho grocer havo to rim tho same 1 risks and perils, as officers nnd soldiers on active service. Tho officers having ac quired stability of residence, commence to long for a domestic firosido of their own ; tho attractions of a cafe, its smok ing, its swiping necessities, mul its "gar rison loves, nra already on the decline ; fathers with mnrringenblo daughters no longer view an officer-lmsbnnd in the light of 11 catastropho ; being no more birds of passage, officors can mako pcriuaueut rela tions; tlioy no longer form a corps apart ; tlioy study, receive and impart instruction, found regimental libraries, are welcomed, instoad of shunned by fathom of families, aiul arc viewed as a man and a brother by civil socioty. The Minister of War is' inundated with demands from officers for permission to nuiriy ; not 5 per euut. of the officers of tho army were married' hitherto ; tlio percentage is now five timua greater. And this moans also a oortaiu material comfort, for while the army rc-. gnlations do not prevent nn officer from "cutcliiiig au heiress," tlioy will not per: mit him to wed the loveliest " penniless lass with a, lung pedigrco." Tlio bride must have an independent and unencum bered income of at least lOOOf. a year. This is hor pension in caso she bo loft a widow. Perhaps later, non-commissioned 0(110018 limy be allowed to write over their' doors, "Hero lives Benedict, tho married man."' French soldiers perforin nil tho duties of cook, lnitndrymnid, &c.;, no that no woman is ever allowed insido a Fronoh barrack; tho enntinioru is nn institution all but extinct ; a curiosity, like some regiments that have a pot goat, a deer, or ii clog, to lead them to glory. The Republic is clearly showing it has for chief mission to instruct and rationally delight the puople. It is a inistako to be- lievo that nil the cures of tho State, and fat slices of the budget are devoted to embellishing Paris, and to gratifying her citi'/.ons. Tho capita! defrays itself tho oxpenses of its toilettes— as many and as varied oh thoso of a leading elcganlc. The provincos are proud of Paris, forsho repre sents all tlio glories of Franco ; ono point thov clisputo— hor right to dictato the political progrnmino of the nation ; hence, strange but not astonishing, many of thu best journals in the country come from' tho provinces. Tho squares and promenades seem never to have been so lovingly tendered us this spring, despite tho reigning north east sirocco. wliich, on the principle that naturally abhors a vacuum, appeal's to occupy the pkicu of tliu Statu of Siege. Owing to the igonioiis plan of self-water ing, all spots are " with verdure chid," and the little hills seem inclined to skip. Military musie is discoursed wherever there is standing room for fifty performers. Belleville lias its supply just as well us tho Pare Moucouux, and if babies are kept awake in tho Palais Royal gardens by a thundering overture from Wagner, thoso tnkon out of .pledge - ut thu "croehes" by. mothers returning from tlioir work, can,' in the Square Parmontier, re-slumber to some lullabies from Atda. Visitors, especially English, are very numerous now in Paris, and it must bo in their honour that prices havo run up witlari tho last wcok ten per cent. Numcrmis persons in business, who had quitted Paris at tho time of tho war " for good," are again pitching their tents in tho capital. The fact is, having onco lived a few years hero, you bccoiiio so quickly an habitue, thai" .you sigh for tho usphulto of llie JJUUIUVHVUS, W»» "t «»»" your umzagvnm at Bignon's with, all tho fervour of a Cabinet Minister doomed to pass tlio one-third of life existence in that dead capital of France, Versailles. Bunkers assert that tlioy aro making large investments of English monoy in the French funds, wliich aro thus more lucnitivo than " the elegant simplicity of tho tlireo per cents. " Tho French Republic seems to be thu chief haven of vest in Europe. Tho Bank of Franco has two milliards of gold in its cellars, and .finds itself in the interesting position of en larging premises. " WJint a city to sack," ns Bluchev observed when he took a bird's-eye view of London from the Mimimt of St. Paul's. When tlio pro jected improvements are finished, as tlioy j will bu for Exhibition year, visitors will find even some of the modern embellish ments old. The comparatively vast reductions that Gamhcttautul his Finance Cummisaiun arc reported to havu ofi'ectod iu thu budget, will form an agreeable surprise for tho nation, and will bo largely applied to increasing thu education gi?uita. Tliu Enipiro with all its Bnunmugonf did veiy liltlu for public instruction ; its roV WftS not to encourage enlightenment ; pi\yicm ct circenses funned its guiding princijfieb It undertook au expedition to Mcxico, but loft. 818 parishes in Franco without a sin gle school, and 800,000 children between the agesof ojghtnnd eleven withoutinstruc- tioii. . Having annngcd to.livo, and being in a position to resist invasion, ,tlio Ro- publie lias now ontored into tlio vif of ' prncticnl rofonns. It has tlio nation for .mpportoi-s, and a very loyal , Cabinet to oAucuto the work, Thcro is no civil liat lo £xiy, oo jaiuitmt courtiers to nourish; Usotess functionaries will- bo swept away ; those too fatly salaried will bo rcducod, and officials paid for doing nothing, or moroly looking 011 at tliu working bees) will bu reiuoved, but covered with " the regrota that accompany tlio fall of aii!ob- jcetioiiaWc'ministor, or tlmt arc. paid."bY Fi-cnclt. editors ' to 0110' another, on the deaths o£ their grandmothers. Tlio bmlT ' gctivonc will bo destroyed ; but it is to bi liopod. entomologists will, bo ubloto inqxde a fow simcimonn in tlieiv collections along'-, side tho phylloxera. It was tho : custom ovory iith. May/for all tho old dobris of the Ropu.blic and of the iiist Empire '; of Abilmy aiwl Jemmapes, of Wngraiu and of Waterloo, to mtu-eh . iii. prbecssidii iu" tlio I VcmtOmo column; hnd dtqx>sita crown On tho railings. Each pensioner was dressed in thu costume of his period, aud according to the ami of tho service to which hu hud do- lougod. Iu 1805 thcro wero 200 of these pen sion era; since thu fourth of Soptumbcrl870, tlio Bunupurtu legend is all but destroyed, Sedan has extinguished Austorlifo,. tho number of the surviving braves is very few, aud only one cmue, nut in flesh, but in skin and bone, to deposit a wreath on the monument a few days ago, Under tho Empire, a curt arrived uuriug the ' night uf thu 4tli-5th May, liuluu with crowns, which were silently hung on the railings. Next morning nil Franco was infonuod of this spontaneous testimony towards the onclc and ueveu, that the horn- blowers pronounced to bo equal to a plebiscite iu unanimity and sincerity. There is nothing of any importance 111 Marshal MacMnhon's visit to . . Orleans, save the respectful reception given to him by thu republicans, nnd tho absence of all political allusions iu that cosmopolitan nuisance, thu addresses. Tliu Prince , of Wales in reply to this corporation, bore, 011 0110 . occasion said, "thank you gentlemen," and tliu Mursliul, who is no orator Ijko Brutus, surpassed the brevity of his "Imperial"— such , is the way tlio French writo tho titlo to nmko thomsclves agrcoablo to England — Highness, by simply making a bow. Tlmt Lion of . thu Fold of Jitduh, tlio Bishop of Orleans, indulged in n lamentation," perhaps it was one of tho lessons of the day, lis ho re ceived thu Marshal in the . Cathedral. Monsuiguuur Dupanloup only sees the abomination of desolation in the .republic, ho thunders against it ns lie formerly did agaiusb thu doctrine of infallibility, hu is but crying in the deser. Henry V snubbed him, | nnd tho Compte du Paris lias munnrchicallyj given up thu ghost. The ableprelatuis not ingoodhealthand Buffers extremely from gout, cspecialy 011. Sim- days after reciting at high moss tlio now obligatory 'Domino Salvnm fat Hcmpuh - /icw/qubout whicli liemust feel us squeam ish ns Tell when invited to salute Gussler's . lint. Tho bust proof that swing bridges neross thu Boulvuvards,orttuinuls beneath them, aro required isj that tliu profession of pax- seur is becoming profitable once more! Ho is a middle-aged man, who takes upa posi tion .between three and six in tho, after noon ut the most crowded crossing. . ,Tlmt at tlio corner of tho Faubourg MAntinartre called, aiul not unaptly, " thu rendezvous of tho crushcd"is afavourito fishing ground. A Parisian who cannot wait for the con tinuous stream uf vehicles to pass by, launched boldly into thu Maelstrom, and finds ho lias a dozen mothers,' nurses, and babies attached to his coat-tails. It is at this crisis old ladies attempt tlto horrors of the " middle passage ;" tlioy step forward nnd step back, if pious tlioy will make thu sign . of the cross iuid throw a martyr-look heaven wards ; thu passeur now presents liis arm, mul conducts three score and ten to tlio other side ; he is smothered with thanks, but privately whispers hu is hard up, hus a wife down with fever, a child up with tliu whooping-cough, an old mother tlmt threatens to blow tliu windows into tho street with hor asthma, and au aged father paralysed sinco his honoyiuoun.. Ho is certain to receive at least a few francs, especially if he cries, or gives the Arch bishop of Palis for reference. Occasion ally ho is bitten ; us ho may oncouiitor a religious female, who relieves liis misery with a few soup tickets, rolled up with the nopuhu tract, " Go, nnd sin 110 more ;" believing he has "struck ile," he rushes to tho nearest wine shop, opens tlio packet, and a few minutes later, a crowd may bu neuu at the dbor. looking at somo good Samaritans actively sprinkling the flushed features of a respectably dressed man witli water. . Tho public seems to be very, much dis contented at thu obstiuacy of. theatrical managers reviving or exhuming old plays instead of encouraging young authors to writo now ones; honco, the proposal to (ax every revived pieco, and to appropriate tho proceeds to representing tho dramas, &c.;, of yotitlis to fortune aud to fame un known. Somo writers suggest that tho deputies dscuss the matter uvun beforo the amnesty question— what indificrouoo ! For the world iu general, the subject is grave, for if Franco failed to supply thu stage with novelties, the theatres of tho universe would die from inanition. Many shrewd people believe the dramatic talent of tho French will last as long, say, 11s our coalmines. Dr. Sehultz is a moral reformer, nnd tlio secret police cannot but wish that his simdow may never grow less. "Writers sitfler from tho pen cramp, tho consequence of overworking a particular muscle ; there aro no cramps when all tho muscles act uniformly, na in running or jumping, or bettor still in dancing, where all is rhythm and harmony. Tlio doctor states that crump, when thoy turn about, and wheel aliout, and just stand oil tho jxrint of their big toe. In course of timo tho ballerines cease to bo children of tlio air. Now the can-can is a figure eminently danced from tlio big too point, tho sylpli, as can bo wit nessed nightly at tlio Mnbillo, rests on her toe, describes tho curved lino of beauty with lior limb, and finishes by knocking off somo gentleman's hat with lior Cin derella slipper. It is gratifying to learn uu thu highest .medical authority, that tho continued ' practice ; of thesu Eleusian mysteries . bring their own punishment in the shape of a bunion, des troying all suppleness of tho foot. Thoro is no accounting for tastes. An Arab under condemnation to death luis jHititioiiod not to bu pardoiied, but to bu executed by thu sabro , instead of tliu guillotine. Tlio Inst oxocutioii by the yatngan took place in Algiers in 1842. Thu culprit iyus an Alsatiau. When hu arrived at thu scaffold it was found; tlmt tho document ordering tlio executioner to act Iuid boon forgotten, and ponding tho lmlf-lioiir that it was necessary to return for tlio document, the murderer resumed smoking his thrown away cigar. He put his bead on the block, aud curious to see liow tho scimitar would be wielded, looked ut thu' Arab, who was so 'frightened that i IS lmhd proved unsteady, and lib had to hade' the head with a knife. The multiudo, exasperated by the dying man's screams pursued tho unlucky executioner witli stoifC8 and muses, although he was so cxnert t.it be bchemled in a single day lSO vobcla, ii'nd in the orthodox fashion, leaving sufficient muscle unsovered that tho hoiul lay. stispoiidoilon tlio <nviior'« chest." "Aftor tills fnilnro tho Froiiull a(injito(Vthogililli.,ljno: ' ' , Tho clironiclor, OooffroylaHithy, relates Hull- in" his tiiiio, four centimes ago, a kniit'lit vofused to liiawy «n« ""'1 somo, huty hoearao sho kiioiv holy toread. The ".entloihuu tbeu attended churdi in huntinii cDslume with, dogs at their heels, and lait'os with falcons on , their arins. Moth lutlies and gentlemen .promenaded dining tlio.servico ami fhrted to destroy Hia iteidvlv— A littlb suven-yearddd hoy was recontly told ''l'1 '"other. tl.at she , would .etait. Jini' to acl""1., tins . si;'". Looking mi iii ; grout sunwise, and shakn g : his hcntl ominm-isly, lie iwidieil . J «>» ,k Vjo to school ; I Vdon t spell well enoiigdi. 