CURIOUS REVELATION AT MARYBOROUGH. The Maryborough correspondent of the. Bris bane Telegraph writes : — . A man named A. Rixon lies in our lock-up, committed for trial for the wilful murder of his wife. I he particulars of the case are peculiar. Rixen and a woman named Lydia Quipps came to this colony by the ship Star Queen, and have lived in Maryborough as man and wife till within the last three weeks. Then there was a quarrel. Lydia was driven from the house, and next day Rixon legally married another woman. A week afterwards, Rixon 's legal wife died sud denly. Dr. Little held a post mortem examina tion, and Dr. Power, in his capacity as a justice of the peace, held a magisterial enquiry into the cause of her death. Rixon was terribly cut up, and could hardly give his evidence through cry ing. He described how his wife had been ailing for two or three days, and how the night previ ous to her death he had been disturbed two or three times to supply her with brandy and a clip of coffee. Dr. Little gave it as his opinion that the woman died from apoplexy. The enquiry, as an ordinary precaution, was adjourned for three days, the body was buried, and there we supposed the matter would rest. The night after the enquiry a man named Adamson, going home across the reserve, saw a ghost. If you consider this a laughing matter, I can assure you the man does not. He becomes fightable if you "hut smile when he narrates his experience. This is what he saw, or, if you like, fancies he saw : First, what appeared like a small heap of black earth. As he approached he saw it move, and concluded it was a large black dog. But it still kept growing larger, and Adamson was certain it was a drunken nigger. Mustering all his courage, he walked towards the object. As he drew near he was seized with a violent shaking, cold perspiration burst out all over his body, a bundle which ho was carrying on his shoulder fell to the ground, and his hat rose from his head. In the features of the apparition he recognised those of Mrs. Rixon ! Then came a voice, " I am the murdered wife of Rixon !" The appari tion then placed one of its hands over its mouth, and the other on its throat, and — disappeared.. Adamson does not know how long he remained on the reserve, or how he found his way home. Next morning he took his wife's advice, and told his extraordinary tale to the police, and they, growing suspicious, nrrested Rixon and Lydia Quipps. The woman was no sooner in the police office than she made a statement, which she has since repeated in the Police Court. She is not in custody. It appears that immediately after his marriage, Rixon took a " down" on his wretched wife. He cohabited with her but one night. The remainder of the week of his wedded life he slept at the woman Quipps's lodgings. He fre quently swore that he would have the life of his wife. On Tuesday morning (March 15th) he left Lj'dia at 6 o'clock, and went to his garden to dig her some sweet potatoes. In about half an hour he returned, and while delivering the potatoes, said, " I have been and done for my wife." The woman answered, " Good God 1 I will never speak to you again as long, as my name is Lydia Quipps." Then he held her by the windpipe, saying ' This is the way I did it." Afterwards Rixon said to her " So help my God, I have not done it," and left her. A few minutes afterwards a little girl came running to tell her Mrs. Rixon was dead. The neighbours deposed that early that morning they had heard a quarrel between Rixon and his wife, which ended abruptly, and that when they were called to the house she was dead — stiff and cold. In cose- quence of this additional evidence, the body was exhumed, a second post mortem examination held, and Dr. Little, on being re-called, gave it as his opinion, gathered from the re-examination, and from the evidence, that the woman had come to her death by strangulation. This is the case. Rixon seemed utterly astonished at the evidence the police had gathered. A CURIOUS story reaches us from Kensington : A day or two ago the body of a man in a some what mangled condition, was discovered about half a mile distant from the Addison road Sta tion. and two days later wns identified by a wo man named Tiggs as that of her husband. Further identification was forthcoming also in testimony of his children and of the supposed employer of the deceased man. After the inter ment of the man who was admitted to be Tiggs, and while the woman was mourning for her dear .husband, the latch was lifted, and in walked Tiggs, the husband, who was supposed to be dead, and gave a satisfactory account of his absence.-. 