DEATH BY HANGING. The following article, which we extract from the London "Daily Telegraph" of a late date, shows the fidgetty importance which some weak-minded officials occasion- ally display in the performance of their duties. The Coroner alluded to must have been devoid of common sense to have questioned the witnesses as he did. However, the article will speak for itself : — "Two murderers, one of whom was Fish, the Blackburn monster, were righteously hanged in the yard of Kirkdale Gaol, Liverpool, on Monday morning ; and, in accordance with the few regulating private executions an inquest was subse- quently held on the remains of the criminals. The inquiry, which would otherwise have been of the ordinary pattern, aiming only at giving judicial affirmation to a fact of which everybody was cognisant, was rendered remarkable by the persistent curiosity of the Coroner, Mr. Driffield, to know whether Marswood, the executioner, still adhered to his practice of hanging culprits with a "long drop." The Governor of the gaol., Major Leggett, who duly appeared to testify to the men having been hanged, could, however, supply but scant information on the point. The Major was ignorant as to whether Marwood's method was an innovation of the old system or not, for he, the Govenor—and we congratulate Major Leggett on the circumstance---had only witnessed two executions. Still he thought that the bodies of the murderers had fallen about six feet. Asked if he considered a drop of that length to be a proper mode of carrying out the sentence of the law, which says that a man is to be "hanged by the neck until he be dead," and nothing more, the Governor observed, first, that he was not in possession of any official document minutely detailing how a man should be killed, and next, that, as keeper of the gaol, he had no control over the hang- man. That functionary is, pro tem., the servant of the Sheriff. It is the Sheriff to whom the body of the culprit is given up to be dealt with according to law ; and, if the Sheriff fails to find a substitute, he is bound by immemorial usage to hang the man himself. The Coroner, nevertheless, seemed anything but satisfied with the state of things revealed at Kirkdale Gaol. In his opinion it is inexpedient that the technicalities of the hanging process should be left to the discretion of a more or less uneducated executioner ; and he further holds that if the criminal fall six or seven, or even five- feet, the fact forms an un- warrantable addition to the sentence, in the direction not of mercy but of cruelty. Having done with Major Leggett, the Coroner turned to Dr. Hendry, the Assis- tant Surgeon of the prison, and closely cross-questioned that gentleman as to the modus operandi in use at Kirkdale hang- ings. It was elicited from the surgeon that the deaths of the two criminals on Monday seemed to be instantaneous, and that this was the second execution that he had witnessed. He further stated that on Monday the lighter man, Fish, was intentionally provided with the longer drop ; and altogether Dr. Hendry's opinion was that Marwood's process was the most humane one. Then the Coroner wished to know whether the new system did not complicate the mere hanging into dislocation. Dr. Hendry might have told Mr. Driffield that when a man's neck is broken he dies at once ; whereas when he is only strangled he en- dures all the agonies of suffocation. In the one case his death is caused by severi- sation of the spinal cord, in the other by apoplexy. Dr. Hendry, however, con- tented himself with remarking that the dislocation in question was that of the cer- vical vertebrae, and that it was a quicker mode of death than the other. For fur- ther particulars the Doctor referred the still dissatisfied Coroner to the Sheriff ; but the gentleman who presided over the inquest had yet another and a more amazing question to propound. He asked the witness whether he had not met with cases in which simple strangulation had caused death free from pain ; to which the surgeon returned the equally astounding reply that he had met with "several cases of suicide in which death was free from pain, but not so rapid as in this case." Of course, the medical gentleman meant apparently free from pain. Otherwise a puzzled public might be led to infer that Dr. Hendry had conversed with the ghosts of several suicides who had died from strangulation, and that they had told him how they liked it. 