TOPICS OF THE DAY. The'excitement in the city to-day was the Gipps Ward election, and notwithstanding that there was a steady downpour of rain, the Temperance Hall, where the polling took place, was full to overflowing. The interest manifested by the friends and Bnpporters of the various candidates was very great, and ratepayers were brought up to the poll most industriously. From what conld be ascer tained before we went to press there is no doubt that Mr Curtain will be returned by a good majority. We notice that Mr. Derbin Willder, stock broker, of Collins-street, as agent for the Talbot Shire Council, invites tenders from persons desirous of investing in a first-olass security, at a reasonable rate of interest. Tho total nmount available is £11,000, and the interest offered is 6 per cent. The stock is redeemable at the rate of £350 per annum, f vr the first twenty years. aDd £400 for the laBtten, tho whole being liquidated in thirty years hence. Trustees and others having monies .only available for a limited term should find this very convenient, and aB the council's revenue is £6225 per annum, and as a sum is invested every year in the name of the hon. the Treasurer as farther protection to lenders, the security should bo excellent, Michael O'Hagan was to-day brought up before Mr JiiBtico Fellows in Chambers, on a writ of habeas corpus. It appeared that he was detained in gaol under a warrant issued by the Whitleseu Bench of Justice b under the jmprisonmentfor Debt Stntute for two meuths imprisonment for a debt of five pounds, dne- to n local storekeeper, named Patterson, but as tho warrant of commitment did not set forth the term of imprisonment as ordered by the justices, His Honor ordered tho priso ner's dischnrge. Mr Daly, solicitor, ap peared for the prisonor. A meeting of persons favorable to the erection of a memorial to the lato Hon, M. O'Grady, will be held this evening, at St. Patrick's Hall, at 8 o'clock. Tbe Victoria United Licensed Victuallers Association held their usual committee meeting on Monday, when it was agreed to alter tbe date of the annual pic nic from the 15th to the 17th February, The secretary reported receipt of several donations and new subscribers. After further routine busi ness, tho meeting adjourned till Monday next. The Consular |flagB of the eity were flying half- must to- day iib a token of respect to the late Richard Cooper, Consul of Portugal, who expired at his residence, Moor street, South Yarrn, on Sundny night last. The deceased was a wine merchant at Oporto, and received the appointment of Consul to the Portuguese in consequence of having rendered valuable services to the Government at the outbreak of war in the dominions. He has been a very old and estaemed colonist, nnd his death ivaB deeply felt by liis brother consuls, and deplored by everyone who knew him, whether in public or private life. The funeral started from the residence of the deceased at half- past two o'clock for the Melbourne General Cemetery. His Excellency Sir George Bowen attended at the Opera house last night, and the theatre was crowded to excess. Mi6s Melville's medley operatic song is as popular as over, and was redemanded last night. Mr. Leopold grows funnier every night, and liis clog dance in the second net, in Dutch costume, is sufficient to rouse the audience to enthusiasm. If the Opera house pantomime continues to draw so well, it will be difficult to say when its run will end. At the City police court this morning n respectable looking young man, named Chnrle9 Paton, was' charged with obtaining £1 from Mr Isaacs, of the Australian Hotel, Bourke street west, by means of a valueless cheque drawn on tho bank of Vic toria.. The prisoner visited a gentleman on the 19th ult., who wrs staying at the hotel and took advantage of this fact by ob taining £1, giving in exchanga a cheque. Another charge of a similar nature was also preferred against the prisoner by Mr Love of the Latrobe Hotel. The detective who had charge of the case, stated that Paton was sentenced for issuing valueless cheques, to two months confinement by tbe Coilingwood bench on Friday last- He has been doing a large amount of business in the cheque way for some time past, and when he was arrested three cheques, filled up for small amounts, were found upon him. The bench sentenced the maa to two months imprisonment on each charge, cumulative. The adjourned case against a butcher, named Beechenow, of having caused a sheep to be slaughtered on his premises, was heatd nt tho Coilingwood Police Office to-day. On Friday last Mr Gillott, who appeared for the defendant, submitted that the portion of the Butchers and Abnttoirs Act which related to places outside the eity of Mel bourne, did not mako ' causing to be slaughtered" aa offence, aB it oaly made mention of " slaughtering." The case was adjourned for the attendance of the police magistrate, and to-day Mr Templeton over ruled the objection. At the City Court this morning the license of Thomas Foley, of Foley's hotel, Bourke street east, who is out on bail, pending the bearing of a charge of manslaughter, was transferred from the licensee to his wife, Mrs Anne Foley. The business at the Coilingwood Police Office to-day was not of an interesting cha racter. Two charges of trespass against Henry Townsend were withdrawn. Richard Turvey was sentenced to three months' im prisonment for having stolen a pnir of boots, value lis, from the door of the shop of Mr Cazer, bootmaker, Smith street. A little urchin named William Anderson, about 11 years of age, with nothing on par ticular but a large pair of braces and a small pafr of trousers, was brought before the city bench this morning by his mother, who stated she could do nothing with him (the lad), who went about gathering bones and bottles. He frequently stays out all night, and when he does see tit to go home he is frequently quite drunk. The bench scarcely credited the womnn's statement, and said they only wished they knew the name of the publican who had served tbe boy with liquor. Mr Hill, the court visitor, Baid that the lad would be better off in the Reforma tory than under the influence of his mother. The bench sent the prisoner to the Reforma tory for five years, M. Deoroix, late of Sanger's Hippodrome, London, to whom wub lntely attributed the increnae of business of the house during a month's engagement there, has lately arrived, He performs all the feats attempted by jug glers seemingly whilBt in the air. Stand ing directly over the footlights in the full blaze of the gas, he balances, runs, kneels, and drills on a wire that so near approaches invisibility as to be carried with ease in his vest pocket. It is astonishing how perfectly he can deceive the sharpest eyes, and puzzle the surest ones as to what he rests on." M. Decroix is one of the invisible wire per formers of tho day".- He will play for a limited engagement prior to fulfilling con tracts with the Centennial Committee of Philadelphia. We are pleased to notice that Mr T. B. Mathews, son of the late captain of the Great Britain steamer, has been appointed collector of Customs, at the Harbor of Suva by the Imperial Government. The charge ot obtaining goods by false pretences against the ballet girl, Agnes Long, who was arrested about a month since at Sandhurst, where she was fulfilling an en gagement at a local theatre, was "called on for the fourth time, this morning, nt the City Court. The prisoner, who was out on bail, did not appear. Dotcc- tive Edelston, who had charge qf the matter, stated that the accused visited tlio prosecutrix last evening, and informed her that she would not appear this morning .unless the prosecutrix promised to abandon the prosecution. A warrant was ordered to issue. Here's a left banded compliment for Mr M'Dermott. The Ballarat Courier Bays: — " Wehearthatn subscription has been com menced at the Corner, to defray the expense of reprinting the first speech delivered by Mr MaoDermott a few nights ago, in the Legis lative Assembly. No larger amounts than Is are to be taken. We need scarcely say that what is contained In the hon. gentleman's remarks is not the influencing motive, the object being to preserve what is looked upon as a great rarity." The shnre market appears to be looking up at Sandhurst. The Bendigo Advertiser re marks : — "During the last few weeks a very pleasing change has come over the appear ance of the haunts frequented by those dealing and dabbling in scrip, and familiar ized to the public as the rendezvous of both the black and white Bheep of the broking fraternity. Tbe dullness and languor per ceptible not many months bock, has altoge ther disappeared and been replaced by a bustling animated crowd of eager speculators and dealers. The footpath, the commodious exchange room, and even Collman's tebacco shop have been occupied duriug tho last few weeks by the well-known faces of local mining speculators; indeed in the 'smoking' establishment alluded to, not only scrip, but politics, Berryism, stonewall weaknesses, municipal matters, and book- making, are, together with a fragrant weed, all discussed with more or less spirit and en- joyment, while the ' lines' aro being done on the flags by tho members of the fraternity, who, together with everyone else, appear to appreciate greatly the reaction which has set in in mining matters, and plunge into their work with a vigor and hearty will not to be interrupted by the most exhausting of hot weather." According to the Ballarat Courier : — " Mr Towers, secretary of the National Reform League, Ballarat, sent a copy of the rules of the league to Mr Georgo Higinbothnm. Yestotday Mr Towers received an acknow ledgment of his letter from Mr Higinbothnm, accompanied by the handsome donation of £5 from that gentleman towards the funds of the association. There is nothing fresh to say about the Theatre Royal. It is crowded every evening, and the contortions of that marvellous frog which is known to mortals by the namo of Stewart, and the doings of the great queen, whose name iB Greville, cause in cessant cachinnation. The pageants, too, come in for a largo share of approbation. The Fakir of Oolu.like Undine, lives in his fountain, nnd to him, indeed, this thing of beauty Bhould prove a joy for ever. Iu the warm weather that has lately prevailed nothing could be pleasaiiler than to sit in St. George's Hall while the fountain played, watching the various graceful forms the water is made to assume, and listening to its dreamy murmur, being nt the same time cooled and refreshed. The ghosts aud aerial suspension retain their hold, and are matters lor speculation and awe to tho uninitiated. An owner is required for some clothes stolen from a yard in Richmond or South Yarn, now in the hands of tho police at h us sell street. 