The Storyteller. A Hundred Pounds. A NOVELETTE. CHAPTER III. SANDIE'S MEANNESS. BY J. BRUNTON STEPHENS. WE left Sandie Scott surveying a postagestamp It did not require any very great knowledge of surveying to compute its fractional acreage; but Sandle's mind was not disturbed acreage; by ths question of its area. The likeness on it, representing a regal young female, apparently ■eared at the prospect of having to wear so bur densome a head dress, wat not a flattering one; but neither had the subject of correct portraiture any place in hia thought-. It denoted to his mind a great deal more than waa indicated by either shape, sise, color, device, or representative vs-ue> Td bim it was fraught with a history aueh at no posta*e-ste-np ever had before. He bandied many stlch, and yet M never aught a this:" It was tlie worst etmfl-_*tion of hit worst suspicions. It was to him a picture of desolation. It waa a microcosm of woe. It waa tha last drop in the well It waa the literal atamp of poverty. It waa, pawnbroking apart, hit heroines last shift. Bandie had never known poverty himself, but he had seen much of it in others, and to him "poortith cauld" had no ridiculous side. He would have deservedly rebuked any reader who may have amiled at his laat view of th* case. The same heartless reader would doubtless have amiled again to see him in due time retire with his stamp into a corner, put the sticky side to his lips, and unintentionally seal his own kiss by too lingering a pressure. A passing customer went even further, for he laughed outright when Sandfe, startled by his sudden "good morning," turned round to reply with half a atamp on each lip, and ths near relative of an anathema between theip. By the time he had managed to detach the fragments, they no longer represented, except to him, anything in heaven or in earth. Hetptntawearyday. He reviewed his case, and her case, a thousand timet over. He oould no longer doubt her extreme need. He could no ' longer refrain from active resolution. Nothing could be clearer' than that she needed help ; nothing oould be clearer than that he was far mors than willing to give it, if only he might And tome palatable form in whioh to embody hit ' assistance without scaring the object of it. He pondered long and deeply, with his knuckles pressed against his. yet adhesive lips. Pennies dropped in unheeded. "Good mornings" changed to ''good days," and "good days" declined to "good afternoons," unanswered. He gave thirteen pence for a shilling; aad when convicted ef the mistake, laid down a penny more. He forgot his pipe. He ignored his dinner. .His soul waa a charnel-house of slaughtered schemes, most of them choked as soon as born. Some lived just long enough to laugh in his face. A few bid fair for life, assumed hopeful pro. portions, then burst* and sank quietly into the limbo of rejected plans Moat of them he ■mothered with his own weight, owing to their sheer lack of promise. The sun was going down, and still the infanticide went on. " The aun awsidown, nor ceased the carnage there." Tbe aun had been down nearly half an hour, and the night was upon him, when Sandie suddenly became aware, as on a previous occasion, that any scheme would be vain, unlets he first of all found her out. - First catch your hare. She had not come back. Of that he was certain. With the exception of those two minutes of glutinous osculation, his face had never been turned from the direction of the' window during the entire day. He had let many facet slip paat unnoted, but he felt acutely aware that hers would have fished him up from any depth of reverie. Her very shadow would have brought him to the surface at onoe. He would give her one hour more. If she had not appeared by the end of it, he would go in search of her. What to do if he did find her, would be for after consideration. Meantime he waa prepared to go into every house in town, with or without pretext, if so be he might only catch a glimpse of her.—House! More likely road, scrub, Government Reserve, or river-bank. Hia heart quailed as. he thought of the small probability of success. Nevertheless, he would go through with it As the hour glided on he began to think that it would be neoeasary for him to engage some obliging neighbor or acquaintance to take hia Elace at the receipt of custom until the usual our for closing the ferry- house, supposing he should not have returned by that time. This led bum to recur to an idea which had more than once passed through his mind of late. As Scott had recovered strength, he had naturally become more inclined to go about, and the pence-table from morning till night was beginning to be felt rather too much of a sedative. He had never been much given to gadding about, but the very thought that he couldn't get away was worse than the not getting away itself. Now if he could only fall in with some nice honestflsd Whew! Did you ever Bee a man knocked down with an idea ? Did you ever see a man struck all of a heap with one ? Well, even if you have not, the context will not suffer in the matter of elucidation, for Sandie's idea produced neither of those effects. What it did waa this. He was craning out over his money-board, peering into the gathering darkness in wistful search after the obliging neighbor above alluded to, when the idea sent his neck up against his half open window with a force which would have given a less strongly constituted man the quietus of a rabbit. He pulled in his neck and his stunned head, sat down in his chair, and gased at nothing with such euwrapt bewilderment as Saul must have felt when' he found himself smitten at once with the gift of prophecy. But the idea that had jerked bim up was no prophecy. It was simply a question; and the question was, " Why Lad?" Why indeed? Why indeed? . . . This was the ever-recurring burden of his bewilderment Were niceness aud honesty the uninfringible monopoly oi tho genus ladf And presently, stmdasedybtefot_^hi__^repeat__g_-^o_» of Ids old parish-school lessons, "Masculine, Grafter j _*en__ne. Crammer; Masculine, Lad ; Feminine, Laaef—till ai r4-p~ctsble elderly spinster depositing a Tommy Dodd, snd catching only the last word, recalled him to hi—saelf by pertinently enquiring if he knew " who he Was a-talkin' ta" Whereupon Sandie onoe more marshalled hia faculties. It waa a splendid notion. In fact, it was tha tery thing he had been hunting for all day. Aid ts be looked at it, it gathered and grew, not only in s_ey bttt complexity, till in the whirr and bustle of wrt-da Within wheels ho hardly recognised the simple .ottos that a few minutes sgo had nearly broken hia nect. TWs plan at least would not be strangled in the birth. He would give it a fair trial. He would walk warily, softly, delicately; but not irreso lutely. He would be gentle aa the dove, and cunning as any serpent Meantime he must find her. There wss no use in laying hia snare, if she wss not to pass that way. At this point in his meditations a cuckoo of the Swiss ehdlet aperies jumped out from somewhere over bis head, and, warning him that the hour was gone, turned him, cuckoo-like, out of his nest He was not long in finding the obliging neighbor, and having covered up the lower part of his face with one of those uncomfortable articles called comforters, he limped down to his boat It was a warm evening, and he had no need whatever of woollen comfort; but he had a vague idea that he was going on a secret and important mission whereunto disguise was in some sort necessary. Sandie, crossing the river, had a very peaceful and even beautiful scene before bim. A bright moon had now riseh; and' Brisborough is ex* cetdingly like fair Melrose in one respect, that, to view her aright, you must choose a moonlight night for doing so. By moonlight she can hold up her head with the fairest of colonial towns. By daylight it is more advisable for her to hold it down and mop it The tinkling of a bell on board a steamer anchored in the stream, the sound of distant muaio water- borne, and equally musical laughter from a boat that shot past him, showing white dresses snd wild steering, only made serenity more serene. If he could have shut out from view the parliamentary theatre, whose illumined windows ahowed that the collective pugnacity of the colony waa already at it tooth and nail, he might have pro* nounoed it a panorama of perfect peace. The stillness of it all was very acceptable to Sandie Scott, not from any merely sesthetical reason, but because of this comfort, that if hit loved unknown were indeed houseless, she had at least no angry heaven to contend with. When he reached the other side he realised more clearly than ever that the world was all before him. It wat not that he had too little to come and go upon, but that he had far too much. In fact, coining and going seemed likely to be the beginning and the end of it How should he institute his enquiries ? Were he to stop a policeman, and ask if he had seen a tall beautiful girl, with soft hasel eyes, who looked aa if ahe paid her way with postage-stamps, he would probably pass the night in the Reception house. Neither would it be afterwards adduced as evidence in favor of his sanity that he had clenched his description with the fact of his knowing nothing whatever about her. It was plain that he must prosecute bis researches in silence. When a man with money in his pocket does not know where to go, his first idea is to take a cab there. Sandie took one. He mounted in front of a Melbourne car, and on being asked where he wanted to go, seemed, and was, fairly taken aback; but st length stammered out irresolutely, "Oh—up an' doon." The cabman looked hard at him for a moment, winked to himself, whistling simultaneously, likewi-e to himself, and proceeded to drive " up an' doon." If Sandie's common sense seemed to be deserting him, it must be urged in his favor that every man in love is for the time being more or less 6f a noodle, especially more. This is not spoken to the disparagement of that singular phase of human life known as love ; for it must be confessed that it is a noble' n_odlety, somewhat akin (not to speak it profanely) to becoming a little child aa a necessary preparative to entering the happiest of all kingdoms. They continued to drive up and down, round and about, along and across, through the whole string of adverbs of motion, and back-again ; Sandie scanning, as minutely aa the pace per mited, every female figure that came within his field of vision ; but without result He began to wax impatient, as did the cabman himself, to whom the streets of Brisborough did not present the freshness of novelty. The latter, indeed, notwithstanding accumulating fare, con tinued at intervals to press his original enquiry, each time with intensified impatience, lugging into his interrogation first the enemy of souls, then his place of abode, and finally the two together, with marked allusion to the supposed ruddy coloring of the region specified. Getting no reply, however, from his absorbed fare, who happened in each instance to be intent on some approaching figure, he maintained his own self respect by exclaiming at the end of each un answered question,—"By Gum, he's bad; an' no mistake." They had somewhat slackened their pace on commencing to ascend s steep incline, when the vehicle suddenly dipped behind, and a heavy weight plumped down on the back seat; followed by another dip, and another plump down of another heavy weight From the heavy weights there instantaneously followed two shrill treble shrieks of laughter, then two oaths, and mutual congratulations on having " done it as right as ninepence." There was no reason assigned, and never has.been, why that sum-was selected to typify the perfection of dexterity. Sandie's eye being at that moment fixed on a rapidly ap proaching female form, which it may as well be mentioned was not the one he was in search of, he did not turn round to scan the arrival-, and and when he heard the cabman's " Hullo, Ju!— Hullo, Su!" he thought it as well to continue to look straight before him. Let us follow his example. We are not going to look round. But we cannot help hearing sometimes, and neither could Sandie. If the tares will rustle, as well aa the wheat, we, the wheat, cannot shut our wheat-ears at w_w Sandie had not heard much before he began to think that a special Providence muat have plumped those heavy weights behind bim. "And have you never seen her since?" were the first words tbat riveted his attention, snd they were so completely in anison with hit own thoughts that he could! not choose btft listen. "Never*,* Wstf the reply; "I only wish I could. She was so Und 1 to me on board skip when my baby died, that 1 would do anything to keep her out of harm's way.*' "It looked (adjectives omitted) Ike that, (didn't it!) when you recommended her its board with tiie old one!" "The old one! The (further omitted) wretch J Ah, I didn't think she waa so bad theft Bat ahe charged the poor thing double for everytidrsjtv tod had always some new sorrowful story to* equeese a loan out of her. An' when she had «_<ftW-d her dry, she turned her out!" " And then you took her id-He keep her out of harm's way!" " I did. What else oould I do? I i<Mtm her walking about tiie streets looking for servSet.- But its a bad time now. Three ships within the month. Every place filled up. So I took her home. I was ill myself for a whole month after that, and she nursed me as if I bad been her own sister; and nothing happened to scare her, like; till one night Lizzy came in. Tou know how Lizzie talks when she's the worse of drink. Well, though Mary's as green aa grass, I suppose she began to think things, for she got up, and put on her hat, and walked out, with a look at me that'll haunt me all my life. It was just as if an angel had found out sll at ones that ahe had been nursing a deviL" "Walker." "Ah, you may aay what you please. You don't know her. There wasn't a mother in that ship that didn't wonhip tbe boards she walked on.—God knows where she hat slept these last four nights!" "I saw her to-night" " Where ? Why didn't you tell me ?" " Because she's mad." "Mad! What in the name " M She must be mad. I put tome money in htr hand, and ahe threw it on the ground." "Oh Su, Su! we know why. But where wtt she?" "On the Milston-road. She was leaning on the fence, and looking down at the river." "Oh Su! you don't think she would, do you?" " Would what ?^-Hullo 1 what's up now ?" "I'm off." It was true; and Sandie was off also; only he paid tbe cabman first, which Ju didn't Having no desire to follow so doubtful a guide, and being in possession of at much in* formation as she, with regard to the direction in which his search should be prosecuted, he turned up a by-street, and made hia way aa fast aa he could toward the Milston-road, alone. Hia brain waa surging with horrible thoughts. Even' before he had overheard this conversation, the story of the poor girl's poverty had been aa plain to him as if he had heard it from her own lips. But now to the wretchedness of destitution there wss superadded the horror of nameless danger. Thebundleshad spoken plainlyenoughof the Jews, but he had now made the mors terrible discovery that ahe had been unwittingly in the hands of the Philistines, and might be again. Worse still, tiie words "leaning on the fence, and looking down at the river, had roused a new dread which made him curse his own slowness, and stigmatise all hia previous delicacy aa the merest and most unpardonable cowardice. After a few minutes he emerged upon the Milston-road, and hurried along like one de mented, but with the sole result of descrying ever and anon one solitary figure gliding like a ghost from shadow to shadow, bent as he guessed on the same errand as himself ; for he had never doubted from the first that the "she" so vaguely spoken Of was the all-absorbing object of bis own interest Never had the world seemed to him so heartless, as from cottage and villa, musio, and 1 merry tones, and laughter fell on hia ear aa he passed. He waa glad when he had left ths abodes of men behind him. He walked on, as it seemed to bim, for miles, now on the open road, and now on the extreme verge of the bank, eyeing ever with a special fasci nation of dread, though he tried to avoid doing so, such abrupt points aa seemed best adapted for—a leap. He began to think he had gone too far. He retraced his steps, ziggagging from river-edge to furthest wayside, examining every doubtful prominence, and distracted with unavailing shadows. His strength began to fail him. Since hit oonvaletcence he had not been used to the like of this, and the torture of suspense waa telling on him even more than bodily exertion. When he reached the part of the road from which he had started, even hia co-searcher was gone. There was no one in sight. The music bad ceased in every house, and most of the windows were darkened. He was alone, and baffled. In his weary wretchedness he threw himself down on the grassy bank where shadow lay deepest, and bemoaned his unhelpfulnees. It seemed to be all that was left him to do. He was deeply engaged in the painful dis oovery that to tbe mind in a state of dire solicitude rest is the severest of all exertions, when he became aware of the sound of voices in momentarily lessening distance. As they ap proached, he fancied that the tones of one, and indeed of both, were somewhat familiar to him. It waa in a great sigh of thanksgiving that he at length expressed bis assurance that she for whom he feared was yet in the land of the living. There could be no doubt about it; it was she ; and she was slowly drawing near the very spot where he had lain down in despair. He remained perfectly still, not from any impertinent curi osity, and not even from the conscious will to hear what was not intended for bis ears, but simply because he was Bpell-bound. The inertia of fascination left no room for active will in the matter. There he was, and it seemed to him that he was compelled to remain still whether he would or no. It was the second time in the course of the same evening that he had been placed in such circumstances, and apparently by mere good luck. But thin time it wua no mere fortuity, aa ft_. stMtat position was the result of the hv lij.B—t-on ha had previously obtained. But ne* the less did it seem to Sandie another special Providence, asd ths fooling that he waa sen* there helped to toot him to his vantage gronnd. For the rest, he wat in deep shadow, and neb likely to be observed. " I am not afraid of that," «• "• »"t worda be distinctly heard, and the v_ce was that only* one, to which none others were Ike.— _ am no* afraid of that They will not -Mine where I sW sf I tan only get across the rfvwr." will, I tell you. They^ take you up for vagratiey. Think of that Poor c^Bd, you know nothing about these things. Come lev one night, only for one night" "Oaee for all, no. God reward you for what you meafl kindly. But if yea wish to do me a favor, leave Ure,' " Will you not take the money, the* V "No indeed." "Notevenaahillingr "Not even a farthing. Don't force me to speak harshly. I don't mean to; indeed I donit. -/on are very kind, but I cannot take it—thougfr God knows bow sorely I need it!" There were further pressings, and further refoaalß. The latter were very P*™ I***? 6* very gentle, and accompanied with no oflMstve acorn of insulted virtue, no loathing of wha* waa meant in afsterly charity, though the charity waa offered in the coin of the devil.. "You must leave me," aaid that voice at length, "or I must leave you. As for the fear that brought you to me, put that away altogether. lam not anxioua to die. Jfceidee, I have some, thing to do before thinking ot that Leave me to God. He will take care of n_e. # " But, Mary Drysdale, you are starving I "Good-bye." • _ _.. "H you would only come and ea. something, girl. The bread's bread, whatever buya it Come now, do f and the tons waa that of one entreating as if for bar own Ufa  " Good-bye, once more. God blest jcm. And this time she tor* her arm frost th* other's grasp, and moved rapidly toward th* spot where Scott wss reclining, ntaeb, at may be supposed, to the increase of the retltner's say tation. Her companion turned away is another direction. Sandie oould hear her weepta* and even in the more absorbing interest of tha other's pure distress could find room tor » prayer and a sigh for ths kindly outcast tha*. seemed to steal away with mourning into tha land of shadows. But out of the land of shadows poor Ju haa to come and darken our story onoe more. Scarcely had he lost eight of her, when ahe reappeared, running at full speed. In another moment Mary Drysdale would have made tbe discovery tbat a third party had been privy to their con* venation, when ahe waa caught by ths skirts, and her would-be friend was down on bar knees at her feet " Oh, Mary, Mary!" ahe cried, untying some thing that hung at her neok. " You'll take this shilling! you will! you will! Don't say no, till you hear. Sit down till I tell yon. And if you'll only take it, dearie, I'll leave you and never trouble you more." They sat down. Sandy could have toothed them with his outstretched hand, and ht beoame afraid bis very breathing would betray bim. "You remember when baby died," she con tinued, gulping distressfully at every word ;-r " ah, you didn't know me then, or you wouldn't have been ao good to ms. You remember this . beautiful Bible you gave me. You thought I would read it Well—l did, onoe or twice. I haven't got it now. Don't turn away from ms when I tell you. Some daya ago, I was very bad, and I bad nothing to get a drop with. I sold your pretty Bible, Mary, but when J got the shilling for it so help me, I was afraid to spend it A something seemed to oome over me when I looked at it, and I couldn't part with it So I made a hole in it, and hung it round ray neck- It's true as God, Mary; that's the identical shilling. You'll take it, dearie,—it's as pure at your own self. It's your own. Indeed it's your own. Oh, thank God!—she's taken it!" And before Mary could speak, she was gene again into the land of shadows, where she remaineth unto this day. Sandie was alone in the still night with Mary Drysdale. And now the old irresolution of delicacy came over him, and he felt sm it it would be profanity to move. She wat sitting down almost close beside him, snd now and again he caught a faint sound as if she were whispering to herself, or to the invisible power over and around them both. Even when she rose, at length, and moved toward the town, he waa loth to follow her. Now that she was near him, alive, snd with at least the meant of averting present starvation, he began to feel ths unworthiness of his position. There waa some thing of the temporising Hamlet in this man's composition ; only, he was the Hamlet of love, and not of vengeance. But when tbe sound of her footsteps grew fainter, and yet fainter, the fear of losing her again prevailed. He was ope of thoae who have been brought up in the belief of special Providences, and it seemed to him that he would be despising those timely inter positions with which he had been favored if he allowed them to slip away unimproved. Not, therefore, without the convenient cloak of duty, in addition to his hungering love, did he rise, and, at safe distance, follow the retreating figure. He lost sight of her for a minute or two when she turned into Queen Victoria-street, but again desoried her standing at a belated fruit-stall, holding some apples in her hand, and apparently chaffering with the vendor. The thought of this last while it grated against his romance, only added aouteneeß to his sympathy; for be had seen before now that the meannesses which follow in the train of poverty are the sorest evi dences of struggle. Had he been only a few steps nearer, even his romance need not have Buffered, for he would have heard that she waa negotiating, though unsuccessfully, to be per mitted to pay; which idea, to the everlasting honor of applemongery, an old man, almost as poor as herself, was pooh-poohing with quite a Croesus-air. From this point she retraced her steps, and he saw with some pleasure that ahe was making direct for hia own ferry. He could now -rifely _F6**m" the uauu object, and bi'tipg at much of hia face as he could with hit Job'a comforter, he quickened hia pace, and ao managed that they arrived st the ferry steps together. She showed no astonishmeht, and no trepidation at finding herself accompanied. When she turned her face upon him, pale in the pale moonlight, he oould see on it that Battled sadness which it beyond surprise. It wss plain, too, that ahe did hot recognise him, and he gave no sign. . They had not long to wait A ferry-boat wss even then approaching, bringing over a party of revellers, some of whom, in unconscious mockery of the homeless girl, were chorally insisting on there bring no place like home, while others antiphonised, also chorally, that they meant to delay their return thither until the morning. When these had readied the firm earth, Sandie helped Mary Drysdale into the boat, touching " her hand for the first time. It wss her left hand; it was ungloved; and he aaw and felt that there was no ring. I doubt if any ring ever Save greater pleasure by ita presence than this y its absence. Bandies comforter performed its function to effectually that hia own fertyidan, who fortu nately was half asleep, did not recognise him, and took threepence from his master without ths slightest notion that he was impoverishing tha firm. It required an effort of stern self suppression on Scott's part to look on while she tendered her whole fortune to Charon, and re ceived it back illegally diminished by one half ; which exorbitant subtraction was accompanied by a sleepy inarticulate growl, having some rumbling reference to one o'clock m tbe morning. Up to the present date thst ferryman haa never been able to make out why he was aummarfly discharged from Soott'a employ the very next day. They reached the other side without having exchanged a word. It was plain, from the distance which the contrived to make between them, that she wss not disposed for conversation. To him, however, this was but a minor matter. Hia object now waa to discover where and how she managed to pass her nights. If he could succeed in obtaining even her open-air address, if open-air it was, he fancied he oould advance his little plan _ore satisfactorily. His perambulations, he found, were still far from being ended. It wotted his mind more than onoe that she meant to walk on during the entire night, but even if auch were the case, he made up his mind manfully to do so too. Weary as he waa of the undignified task of foil-wing stealthily, and dodging every now and again to escape observation, be pursued his object with a steady and vigilant persistence worthy of Scotland Yard. When at length they emerged upon Wallaroo Point, he began to •reflect with tome comfort on the fact that the very geography of the place must necessarily era long bring her to a full stop. He was himself brought to a full stop before many minutes more. For the first time since they had left the boat he had taken his eyes off her, merely for such time as auffioed to take out hit watch and turn the face of it ao as to catch the full light of the moon, snd when he looked up again, she was gone. As completely gone aa if she had aunk into the earth, or, like Macbeth'* witches, had vanished "into the air." He could not even guess in whioh direction she was moat likely to have turned, for hitlaatglimpae of her had shown her tt nearly at possible in tiie middle of the road. There were houses at abort intervals oh each tide, but this only made the case more perplexing. On what possible pretext could he route the inmates with vague enquiries ? Or, on the other hand, how oould he risk the possibility of being caught lingering illegally, and at such an hour, on honest people's premises? What about special Providence now ? And for further " discomfort, the moon just then suffered herself t6 be obscured by tiie edge of a dark cloud- He placed himself as nearly as possible on the ■pot where he had last seen her. He then diverged, at right angles, to the left, till he waa stopped by a hedge. Relinquishing this side, he tried the right, and a straight line led to a path, which, skirting the end of one of the houses facing the road, opened but upon a common ex tending toward the river. He followed this path, traversed the oommon almost to the river's edge, and arrived at his wits' end. There was no figure in view. Wearied and perplexed, he did what probably any one of ua would have done under the circumstances; he sat down, and asked himself, What next ? At that peiticular time, in that particular part of the stream, there lay the battered shell of what had once been a coasting steamer, now long since gone where all good steamers go. What had onoe pulsated with superhuman force, and drowned with its shriek the voices of commerce or of pleasure, now "knew nor voice nor motion" other than was supplied by a small colony of rata, rejoicing In the unimpeded exer cise of free selection. • Mast, smoke-stack, bowsprit, figure-head, stern-frame, in fact all projecting members were gone, and. it lay there a mere marine torso, with the additional degra dation, which no torso is of a nature to suffer, of ruthless disembowelment It looked very weird in the moonlight, as all abandoned vessels do; more so than any other aperies of human habitation; perhaps because to such moving tenement we have been accustomed, while yet it has walked the waters, instinctively to attribute a personal identity and an individual life; so that we come to regard an abandoned hulk, not merely as a ruin, but as a corpse. And this was a mutilated one, that had been subjected not only to the sweeping of " decay's effacing fingers," but to the more active sweeping of the besom of destruction—which apparently had made the deck ita dust-pan, heaping it with splinters of unrecognisable woodwork, portions of defaced panelling, broken stanchions, rusty bolts, and huge distorted .ragmen— of iron girders. Great chasms yawned in the deck, like the gaping wounds through which the tor tured life had issued. Through one of these, which revealed also a smaller gap in the further aide of the vessel, the eye looking obliquely from the bank above oould see a gleam of ■hilling water, and the shimmer of a reflected ■tar. It was upon this tbat Sandie Scott was lonying down. He was weak, and weary, snd dejeated, and his ideas were in s state of anaxofry. It teemed ts if the two lobes of the brain had split partnership, and had each started its own independent course of thought One half of the brain was wondering what had become of Mary Drysdale, and speculating on the appearance and disappearance of apparitions. The other half was wondering which particular star it waa that he aaw reflected in the stream through the gap in the further ride of the hulk. Almost mechanically he raised his eyes to the aky to find the explanation of the latter problem, and when he had fixed upon a certain star at the reality he wat in aearch of, he again looked down in order to verify hia conception by comparison. It was very singular. Sandie rubbed hia eyes, and looked again. There oould be, as he himself expressed it, no two ways about it The re flected star wss gone. The gleam of shining water wss gone. The gap on the further side of the hulk waa filled up, or did not exist at aIL The two lopes of his brain resumed partnership, and bent their whole combined forces to the solution of this new enigma. First of all, he waited a short time, to see if any further change would take place, thinking thst perfect stillness on his part might be more likely to lead to explanation than a sudden rush to the place of myatery. But he waited in vain; and at length chafing at his own inaction, he moved down to the hulk. As the deck waa on a level with and nearly doss to the bank, he found no difficulty in entering, though much in ""H"g hia way without noise, every step im* pededby ring-bolts, fragments of hoop-iron, and ether clattering etceteras that might have be trayed the meet wary. Nor was hia progress' wholly without danger, for onoe and again he had to draw back hia foot, having felt just in time that the apparent solidity beneath it was a deceitful covering of rubbish concealing a yawning chasm. When he reached the vacant socket through which the smoke-jack had pro jected, he swung himself down into the shades below. Here he found himself almost at a standstill, amid inextricable ruin and compara tive darkness, with the additional diaoomfort of a oouple of inches of water. When his eye had got more accustomed to the shadow, he saw that by swinging from one projection to another—for there seemed to him to be rods and ribs of iron framework jutting out in all directions—he could reach the source of his curiosity, though at the imminent risk of being impaled on some sharp rusty edge below, should auch a thing occur aa giving way. Making aa little noise aa possible, he had proceeded in this prehensible manner for some distance, when on sharply rounding what re mained of an iron partition between two oompartments of the veaael, he suddenly found himself within a yard's distance of a moonlit face. The eyes were closed In deep sleep. The moon shining full on it through s small port overhead, showed the face alone, giving to it a strange, visionary, independent appearance. It was very beautiful, but withal ao awful and so unearthly that Soott aeeing it nearly lost his hold. If ever hair stood on end, which I much doubt, his did. The figure was in deep shadow, and he comprehended at once, from the position, that it was some alteration of posture, probably during aleep, that had covered the opening in tiie aide of the hulk through which he had been gating on the reflection of a star. He oould understand also at a glance how from his former position only that part where the under half of the figure lay had been discernible. He oould guess, moreover, bow great tnnst have been the weariness that had merged thus rapidly into so deep a slumber. Onoe more Scott waa alone with Mary Drysdale. She was lying upon what seemed to him the top of a huge coal-chest, her bead slightly elevated, and ratting on a coarsely colored cornucopia, that probably had onoe been a decorative portion of bow or stern, now tossed down here by a caprice of fate to pillow poverty on the mockery of plenty. As he looked at her, she turned uneasily, perhaps in that seemingly magnetio disturbance that sleepers are said to experience under tiie 'fixed gase of a spectator; and in the act of turning, once more let in a flood of moonlight, which showed at the same time her little purse just escaped from her pocket, and glided gently in the direction of the unknown depths below. At the imminent risk of setting it the example of sudden descent, Sandie put forth his left hand, and caught it ere it fell. He then managed to settle himself more securely, so that he could sit, though somewhat uneasily, on a sloping beam, and gase his fill. Never had man a better opportunity of playing the part of the benevolent fairy. Her purse wss in hit hand, and there was money in hia pocket But instead of playing the part of the benevolent fairy, he yielded to a sudden diabolical suggestion, and proceeded to do the most cruelly mean thing on record since the day when King David ordered tbat Uriah ahould be put in the fore-front of the battle. He opened the purse which contained, aa he well knew, her whole fortune, consisting of sixpence in silver which she had received as change from the ferryman, abstracted from it the sixpence, and put in its place a small foreign coin of impossible currency, which he happened to have about him, and with which he had himself been imposed upon in some rapid ferry transaction, closed the purse, and stealthily placed it in a safe spot near her head. After this sorry deed, he was on the point of starting to .work himself back by the way he had come, when he thought he heard a faint whisper from the forlorn sleeper. Bending his head down as near aa possible to her lips, he heard the words, "A hundred pounds." It seemed to him to be high time to go; and having perceived to his comfort an easier and more rapid path of egress, he found himself ere long hurrying home with the anxiety of a lover and the conscience of a thief. [TO BS CONTIN-ED.] Thi Brooklyn revival choir presented Sankey with a beautiful watch just before his departure. Waa this a hint to the sweet singer that he didn't keep good time ? " Isn't your husband a little bald?" asked one lady of another. There isn't a bald hair in his head," was the hasty reply of the wife. 