THE TOWN. - The office of town clerk of the town of Fitzroy boa been filled up by the election of Mr. Jones, the secretary of. tiic Licriisca ' A meeting of the associated banks in* terested ia the floating of the £3,000,000 loan upon the London market was hold M 'Arthur being about to retire from his po sition as manager of the bank alluded to, Mr. Parkcs was appointed as his successor in connection with the projected loan. A sailor belonging to the barque Alcandre tried to jump on board the vessel aa she was being hauled oil' from the Australian Wharf. It was late on the evening of the 12th inst., and quite dark, and he fell between the vessel and the wharf ; and although a boat was at once put off to save him, ho sank before it reached him and was not again seen. A deputation of certificated marine engi neers waited on the Steam Navigation Board on Monday, to protest against the recently framed regulation defining the qualifications of candidates for a third- clasB certificate. Captain Payne said tho board had well and deliberately considered tho matter before iraniiug tho regulation, but they would re consider the subject by the light of the re presentations made by the deputation. Tho Colonial Mutual Life Assurance So ciety, during the half-year ending 30th September last, completed 1023 policies assuring £234, S 10, and adding nearly £10,000 to the annual income. It is a curious coincidence that this young society should, in the course -of its fifth half year, .eozuplcto the exact number of policies (1023) which was effected by the National in their aixth whole year, the best year of that society's operations. At tho Sandridgo Court on ^londay, five Beruncn, named George Samuels, Thomas iloultren, James Woods, Peter Brown and Tkoiuao Wvans, belonging to the ship Cinga lese, were charged with diuobedienee on the high seaa on the 11th October, and Samuels was further charged with assaulting the cbief officer. The evidence showed that Samuels waa the ringleader in the afi'air, and endeavored to incite tho others to disobey and impede tho ship's navigation, ile was therefore aentinoed to six weeks' hard labor, and tho others were discharged. Tho new bridge which connects Colling wood with Kcw was opened for public traffic t»n Monday in the presence of representatives Jjrom Collingwocd, Kew and JBoroondar.-v Councils and a number of citizens. At eleven o'elock a steam roller, weighing twenty tons, and carrying the Mayor of Col lJKgwood, the Government engineer (Mr. Howau) and the contractor, passed safely over it, the bridge showing but slight deflec tiou. An adjournment was then made to the Early Bird Hotel, where the healths of the engineer and contractors were drunk, and duly responded to. At the ordinary meeting of the City Council, held on Monday afternoon, a matter of a rather dubious character came on for discussion. Aid. Aarons drew attention to the fact that a temporary licence had been granted to a member of tho council (Cr. An. dcrson) for a refreshment stand at Wilson's Circus, to the detriment of the general jpublie, who were not equitably treated, in asiunch aa it was not known that a licence would be allowed, and the councillor in question had been unduly favored. Several councillors expressed their opinion that no councillor could hold a contract of any sort directly connected with corporation matters. The Mayor explained that there was no clause in Mr. Wilson's lease which pro hibited the opening of a bar, and he saw no season why a member of the council should not be the licensee. L'ltimately the matter wj»b referred to the legislative committee for investigation and report The Fakir of Oolu'a 'ghost' appeared in the Diotrict Court on Tuesday, when Dr. Sil vester was sued by Mr. Geary, who de scribes himself as a journalist, for the sum of £10, the amount of an alleged agreement for writing a ghost piece for the Fakir of Oolu's entertainment now being presented at St. George's Hall. The plaintiff alleged that a ghost drama he had written entitled Golden Breams, or the Fortune-hunter Foiled, had been accepted by tho Fakir, but had not been performed. For tho defence evidence was adduced showing that although it bad been suggested to Mr. Geary that be might write a drama for the ghost business, and that if it proved Bnit.ible he would be fairly remunerated, still he had not been commissioned to pro duce the drama in question, nor had it been subsequently accepted. The bench took this view of tho case, and dismissed the plaint, with two guineas costs. At the District Police Court on Oct. 18, the newly-licensed refreshment bars at Wilson's Palace Circii9, referred to in the City Co\mcil on Monday last, were again brought promi nently before the public. Mr. William I»yndhui8t Ambler sued John Anderson, of tho Argus Hotel, Collins-street east, for sell ing liquor without a licence. Mr. Pnrves appeared to prosecute, Mr. Gillott to de fend. The summons Bet out that John Anderson, 'on the lGth October, not being duly licensed, did permit certain liquor, viz., one glass of whisky, to be sold to William Lyndhurst Ambler.' Mr. Purves stated that the plaintiff was the licensee of the Phwnix Hotel, Flinders- street. The point to be submitted for decision was purely one of law, and he would seek to show that although Mr. Anderson held a document, which he believed to be a sufficient licence, yet it waa really no licence at all. He did not press for a heavy fine, but simply sought for a de cision upon tho question, which was not one of ordinary sly-grog selling, but rather a miaconceptien as to the validity of the licence. The act required that applications for licencei? must bo made to tho Court of Fetfey Sessions, which ho proposed to show was not fulfilled in the present instance. Mr. Ambler stated that he attended the «ourfc when tho application for a temporary licence was about to be made, but the bench ! iBdnotfiit. Mr. Sturt, P.M., here stated, that he waa on tho bench at tho time the ap plication for the licence waa made. After abme discussion the bench held that the temporary licence, having been granted, waa undoubtedly in force for seven days, but tho opposition might, on the application for a re newal, bring forward their arguments against it. The present cane was dismissed, with two guineas costs, and the opposition will bo made on the application for a re newal on Saturday morning. , . At iSS Ordinary Meeting of the Footacray Council, held on 18th Oct., it was decided to ask the Chief Secretary not to take any steps relative to the dividing of the borough into wards, as petitioned for by a number of ratepayers last week, without the council being consulted ; also, that a copy of the proposed ward boundaries might be sent to the council. The final meeting of the O'Orady Me morial Fund Committee wao held in St. Patrick's Hall on 16th Oct. Sir C. G. Dutiy occupied the chair. The honorary secretary announced that the amount received, after defraying all incidental expenses, would exceed one thousand pounda. From this the cost of the monument to the deceased gentle men, estimated at about £250, will be de frayed. The balance, together with ono thousand pounds voted by the Alliance In surance Company, and several sums yet to come in, will be deposited at interest for the benefit of Mr. O'Grady'a daughters. Ey a by-law passed by the Sandridgo Borough Council all cesspits in that muni cipality will have to be filled up at the end of the year. Acting in. accordance with the provisions of the Local Government Act, the council propose to let a contract for tho removal of tho night soil of the whole borough, and to make a rate of 3d. in the pound to covor the cost. There was, however, considerable opposition to the proposal on Tuesday by two of tho councillors, on the ground that the plan would cause the cost to fall unequally on those ratpayers who were large holders of pro perty. One councillor complained that it would make a difference to himself of £10 per anuum, which means, in other words, .that his rateable property is valued at £800 per annum. To this another councillor retorted that he would like to be in a position to bo mulct in an equal amount. The other opponent of the plan is afraid that the interest of the Melbourne and Hob son's Bay United Railway Company will be affected injuriously, as they will have to contribute £40 ner annum. There was, however, a majority of the council in favor of the improved method of dealing with the matter, which will come into vogue with the new year. At the City Police Court on Tuesday, be fore Mr. Stnrt, P.M., and a bench of magis trates, Mark Lyons, who had been re arrested on a charge of receiving stolen property in South Africa, was brought up, on remand, to answer the ohargo. Mr. Gurncr appeared to prosecute on behalf of the Crown] and Mr. i'nrvea, instructed by Mr. CressweU, appeared for the defence. Mr. Gurncr commenced the proceedings by stating the case for the Crown, The prisoner had been arrested upon a warrant granted in Griqualand, South Africn, which, together with the original depositions taken in the case, had come to hand by the mail. He was not at present, however, in a posi tion to prove the signature of the magistrate to the warrant, but he expected some one to arrive shortly who would be able to supply that deficiency. He cited authorities to show that the corpo real presence of a felon in one portion of her Majesty's dominions was sufficient to justify his arrest for an offence committed in another part- The bench remanded the prisoner for seven days, intimating at the same time that if on the next occasion no zuriner evidence was iorincoming ne wouju probably be discharged. Bail waa allowed in two suretieB of £100 eacb. The ordinary weekly meeting of the Mel bourne Hospital committee waa hold on Tueu | day, in the board-room ol tho institution ; j Mr. Henri J. Hart in the chair. A letter from Dr. Jonasson waa road, requesting an investigation of a matter in which he and Dr. Williams are concerned. Mr. Moody moved that as Dr. Williams was soon to sever his connection with the hospital, it I waa iindesirable to re-open the matter. I Mr. Plunkett seconded the motion, which waa carried. A letter was received from Dr. Mother well, as chairman of a meeting held by the honorary medical staff, with respect j to the proposed remodelling of their duties. Dr. Hearn thought that the honorary medical staff had not treated the committee in a courteous manner in having failed to I f urniah them with recommendations before the new by-laws were adopted. Mr. Gillbee considered that under the new rules the medical staff would have more work than they could possibly pcrforiK. The system in existence hud been found to work well, and he could soe no reason why it should be altered. Ultimately it was agreed that the letter should be simply received, no action being taken on it. Dr. Hearn then moved that the committee should proceed to appoint the divisions of the medical staff, honorary and resident, and the clinical clerks and dressers, in accordance with the new rules. The consideration of the motion was deferred for a week. The fifth annual meeting of the Victorian Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals was held on Monday afternoon, at the Athenjeuin ; Mr. Wrixori, M.L.A., in the chair. The hon. secretary, Mr. Greig, read the report, of which tho following is a precis: — Number of convictions obtained directly through the agency of the society during the past year, 37 ; or more than double the number obtained in the year preceding. Number of cau tions, 4t)3. A scholars' branch of the society waa successfully inaugurated in con junction with the Victorian Sunday School Union in April last, the present membership being over one thousand. The balance sheet showed the total amount of subscrip. tions and donations to bo £223 1 8. 5d., and the disbursements £225 14s. Cd., leaving a credit balance in hand of £7 0b. 3d. Mr. Adamson, United States consul, moved the adoption of the report and balance-sheet ; and Mr. Strntt, P.M., seconded the motion, whereupon it was unanimously carried. The following elections were then made : — President, Sir W. F. Stawell ; vicepresi dents, the Mayor of Melbourne, Sir James M'Uullocb and Sir Goo. F. Verdon ; hon. treasurer, Mr. Henri J. Hart, J.P.j hon. veterinary eurgeon, Mr. G. Mitchell; horj. secretary, Mr. J, S. Greig ; hon, counsel, Mr. H. J. Wrixon, M;UA,; committee, Mr. N. Black, M.L.C., Mr. Wrbton, M.L.A., Dr. Molloy, J.P., Mr. T. Adamson, jun., Mr. E. L. Zox, J.P., Mr. James Prince, J.P., Mr. Johnstone, M.L.A., Mr. Strutt, P.M.; and Messrs. S. A. Richard son, J, S. Denny, Win, Morgan nflC! 0: J: Lewis v The bazaar held at Williamstown last week was a great succcos. With the bazaar and art union it is expected £800 will be obtained towards the fund for building a new residence for the clergymen. The concert recently held at Williams town in aid of tho Dandenong and Ship wreck Piclicf Funds resulted in £30 being netted. Subscriptions have been collected by the local committee for the same object. It baa been reported to the Foolscray police that on Wednesday last a young man named William Sandera attempted suicide by poisoning. He went to the shop of Mr. Cowl, chemist, and purchased some of Stainc's vermin paste, which, with some oxalic acid, he took, bat fortunately Dr. Cobb was sent for, and applied the usual remodies, saving the man's life. On Wednesday night the police discovered a den of tho vilest description, in a small right-of-way at the back of Latrobe-strect east. The hovel contained one room, in which were heaped together two men and three women, iu a filthy condition. AU were intoxicated, and with scarcely _ any clothes upon them. There waa no furniture in the place, and all tho windows were broken. A man named Doherty, the proprietor of the place, was lying on the floor with an iron bar beside him, with which he threatened to kill his wife ; and a man named John Jones, and a woman, Mary Kinsala, were lying be side him. The three named were removed to the watch-house, where Doherty was charged with threatening the life of hia wife, and the other two with drunkenness. Doherty, on being brought before the bench on 19th inst., was evidently in delirium tremens, and was accordingly remanded for medical treatment. The others were sent to gaol for three days. 