A OIIOST STORT. I took a large room, far up Broadway, in a huge old building whose upper etories had been wholly unoccupied for years, until I came. Tho place had long been given up to dust and cobwebs, to solitude and silence. I seemed groping among the tombs and in- vading the privacy of the dead, that first night I climbed up to my quarters. For the first time in my life a superstitious dread came over me ; and as I turned a dark angle of the stairway an invisible cobweb Bwungits slazy woof in my face and clung there. I shuddered as one who encountered a phan tom. 1 was glad enough when I reached my room and locked out the mould and tiie darkness. A cheery fire was burning in the grate, and I sat down before it with a com forting sense of relief. For two hours I sat there, thinking of bygone times ; recalling old scenes, and summoning half.forgotteu faces out of the mists of the past ; listening, iu fancy, to voices that long ago grew silent for all time, and to once familiar songs that nobody sings now. And as my reverie softened down to a sadder and sadderpathos, the shrieking of .tho wind outside softened to a wail, the angry beating of tho rain against tho panes diminished to a tranquil pattor, and one by one the noises in the street subsided, until the hurrying footsteps of the last belatod straggler died away in the distance and left no sound behind. The fire had burned low. A sense of loneliness crept over me. I arose and un dressed, moving on tip-toe about the room, doing stealthily what I had to do, as if I were environed with sleeping enemies whose slumbers it would be fatal to break. I covered up in bed, and lay listening to tho rain and wind aud tho faint creaking of dis. tant shutters till they lulled mo to sleep. I slept profoundly, but how long I do not know. All at once I fcund myself awake, and filled with a shuddering expectancy. All was still. All but my own heart — I could hear it beat. Presently tho bedclothes began to slip away slowly toward tho foot of the bed, as if some one were pulling them ! I could not stir ; I could not speak. Still the.'blankots slipped deliberately away, till my breast was uncovered. Then with a great effort I seized them and drew.them over my hcqd. I waited, listened, waited. Once more that steady pull began, and once more I lay torpid for a century of dragging seconds till my breast was naked again. Atlast Iroused my energies, and snatched the covers back to their place, aud held them with a strong grip. I waited. By and by I felt a faint tug, and took afresh grip. The tug strength ened to a steady strain — it grew stronger aud stronger. My hold parted, and for the third time the blaukots slid away. I groaned. An answering groan carno from the foot of the bed I Beaded drops of swoat stood upon my forehead. I was more dead thau alive. Presently 1 heard a heavy foot step in my room — the step of an olophant, it seemed to mo — it was not liko anything human. But it was moving from mo— there was relief in that. I hoard it approach tho door — pass out without moving bolt or look — and wander away among the dismal cor ridors, straining the floors and joists till they creaked agaia as it passed— and then silence reigned once more. When my excitement had calmed, I said to myself, " This is a dream, a hideous dream." And eo 1 lay thinking is over until I convinced myself that it waB a dream, and then a comforting laugh re laxed my lips, and I was happy against I got up and struck a light, and when I found that the locks and bolts were just as I had left them, another soothing laugh welled in my heart and rippled from my lips. I took my pipe and lit it, and was just sitting down before the lire, when down went tho pipe out of my nerveless lingers, tho blood forsook my checks, aud my placid breathing was cut Bhort with a gasp ! In the ashes on the hearth, side hv side with my own baro footprint, was auothcr, so vast that, in comparison, mino was but au in fant's ! Then I had .hail a visitor, aud tho elephant tread was explained. 1 put out the light aud returned to bed, palsied with fear. I lay a long time peering into the darkness and listening. Then I heard a grating noise overhead, like tlicdragging of a heavy bod y across the floor; thentlieitirowing down of the body, und tho shaking of my windows in response to the concussion. Ju distant parts nf the building I lie.ud the "I 86$ to' tervala stealthy footsteps creeping in and out among the corridors; and up and down the stairs. . Sometimes these noises ap proached my door, hesitated and then went away again. I heard the clanking of chains faintly, in remote passages, and listened while the clanking grew nearer— while it wearily climbed the stairways, marking each move by the loose surplus of chain that fell with an accented rattle upon each succeed ing step as the goblin that bore it ad vanced. I heard muttered seutencca ; halt uttered screams that seemed smothered violently , and the swish of invisible garments, the rush of invisible wings. Then I became conscious that my chamber was invaded— that I was not alone. I heard sighs and breathings about my bed, and mys terious whispering. Three little spheres of soft phosphorescent light appeared on the ceiling directly over my head, clung and glowed there a moment, and then dropped — two of them upon my face aud one upon my pillow. They spattered liquidly, and felt warm. Intuition told me that they bad turned to gouts of blood ns they fell — I needed no light to satisfy myself of that. Then I saw pallid faces, dimly luminous, aud white uplifted hands, floating bodiless in the air, — floating a moment and then disappear- ing. The whispering ceased, and tho voices and the sounds, and a solemn stillness fol lowed. I waited, and listened. I felt that I must have light, or die. I was weak with fear. I slowly raised myself towards a sitting pos- tHre, aud my face camo in contact with a clammy hand ! All strength went from me apparently, and I fell back like a stricken invalid. Then I heard the rustle of a garment— it seemed to pass to the door and go out. When everything was still once moro I crept out of bed sick and feeble, and lit the gas with a hand that trembled as if it were aged with a hundred years. The light brought somo little cheer to my spirits. I sat down aud fell into a dreamy contempla tion of the great footprint in tho ashes. By- and-by its outlines began to waver and grow dim. I glanced up and tho broad gas flame was slowly wilting away. In the same moment I heard that elephantine tread again. I noted its approach nearer and nearer along tho musty halls, and dimmer and dimmer the light waned. The tread reached my very door and paused ; the light had dwindled to a sickly blue, and all things about me lay in a spectral twilight. The door did not open, and yet I felt a faint gust of air fan my cheek, and presently was conscious of a huge, cloufly prescuco before me. 1 watched with fascinated eyes. A pale glow stole over tho Thing ; gradually its cloudy folds took shapo —an arm appeared, then legs, then a body, nnd last a great sad face looked out of the vapor. Stripped of its filmy housings, naked, muscular and comely, tho majestic Cardiff Giant loomed above me ! . All my misery vanished — for a child might know tbat no harm could come from that benignant countenance. My cheerful spirits returned at once, and in sympathy with them the gas flamed up brightly again. Never a lonely outcast was so glad to wel come company as I was to greet tho friendly giant. I said, — " Why, is it nobody but you ? Do you know, I have been scared to death for tho last two or three hours ? I am honestly glad to see you. I wish I bad a chair . Here, here, don't try to Bit down iu that thing , , But it was too late. Ho was in it before I oould stop him, and down he went — I never saw a chair shivered so in my life. " Stop, stop, you'll ruin ev " Too late again. There was another crash, and another chair was resolved into its original elements. "Confound it, haven't you got any judg ment at all? Do you want to ruin all the furniture iu the place ? Here, here, you you petrified fool—" " Now what sort of a way is tbat to do ? First you come lumbering about tho place bringing a legion of vagabond goblins along with you to worry mo to death, and then when I overlook au iudelicacy of costume which would not bo tolerated anywhero by cultivated peoplo except in a respectable theatre, aud. not even there if the nudity were of yonr sex, you repay me by wrecking all the furniture you can iiud to sit down on. And why will you? You damage yourself as much as you do me. You have broken otfthe end of your spinal column and littered up the floor with chips of your hams till tho place looks like a marble-yard. You ought to bo ashamed of yourself— you are big enough to know better." " Well, I will not break any more furni ture. Bus what am I to do ? I have not had a chance to sit down for a century." And the tears came into his eyes. " Poor devil," I said, "I should not have been so harsh with you. And you are an orphan, too, no doubt. But sit down on the floor hero — nothing else can staud your weight— and, besides, wo cannot be sociable with you away up thero above mo ; I want you down where 1 can perch on this high couuting-house stool aud gossip with you face to face." So he sit down on tho floor, and lit a pipe which I gave him, threw one of my red blankets over his shoulders, inverted my Bitz-bath on his head, helmet fashion, aud made himself picturesque and comfortable. Then he crossed his ankles, while I renewed the fire, and exposed the flat houey-combed bottoms of his prodigious feet to the grateful warmth. " What is the matter with the bottom of your feet and the back of your legs, that they are gouged up so ?" " Infernal chilblains — I caught them clear up to tho back of my head, roosting out there under Xewell's farm. But I love the place ; I love it as one loves his old home. There is no peace for me like the peace I feel when I am there." We talked along for half an hour, and then I noticed that he looked tired, aud spoke of it. " Tired ?" he said. " Well, I should not think so. Aud uow I will tell you about it sinco you have treated me so well. I am the spirit of the Pptrilied Man -that lies across the street there in tho museum. I am the ghost of the Cardiff Giaut. I can have no rest, no peace, till they have given that poor body burial again. Now, what was the most natural thing for me to do, to make men satisfy tbia wish ? Terrify tliem into it ! — haunt tho pluce where the body lay ! Bo I haunted the museum night after night. I even got other spirits to help me. But it did no good, for nobody came to the museum at midnight. Then it oc curred to mo to come over tho way and haunt this place a little. I felt that if I ever got a hearing I must succeed, for I bad tho most eflicieut company that perdi tion could furnish. Night after night wo have shivered around through these mil dewed halls, dragging chatus, groaning, whispering, tramping up and down stairs, till to tell you the truth I am almost woru out. But when I saw a light in your room to-night I roused my energies and went at it with a deal of tho old frcsbuess. But 1 am tired out — entirely fagged out. Givo me, I beseech you, givome some hope !" I lit off my perch iu a state of excitement, and exclaimed, — "This transcends everything ! everything that over did occur ! Why, you poor blun dering old fossil, you have bad all your trouble for nothing — you have been haunt ing a plaster cast of yourself —the real Car diff Giaut is in Albany ! Confound it, don't you know your own remains ?". I never saw such an eloquent look of sbame, of pitiable humiliation, overspread a countenance before. The Petrified Man rose slowly to his feet, and said — ' ' Honestly, is that true ?" " As true as I am sitting here." Ho took iiis pipe from his mouth and laid it on the mantel, then atood irresolute a moment (unconsciously, from old habit, thrusting his hands where his pantaloons pockets should havo been, and meditatively dropping his chin on his breast), and finally said, — " Weil, I never felt so absurd before. Tho Petrified Alan has sold everybody else, and now the meau fraud has ended by selling its own ghost ! My bou, if there is any charity left in your heart fur a poor friendless phan tom like me, don't let this get out. Think how you would feci if you had made such au ass of yourself." I heard his stately tramp dio away, step down the stairs aud out into the deserted street, and felt sorry that ho was gone pour fellow, and sorrier still that be had carried off my red blanket aud mv bathtub. — Mark Twaiu. 