Prisoner mom tub North.— Tbo Ynrnlln brought to town on Saturday night, a prisouor, named Gnspor Otto Sobmidt, sontonood at Alnckny, for 2 mouths imprisonment in Rook- hamptou Gaol, with liard labor, for boiug illfltmllv nn nrnmixnR for an lintawPnt mi r nncn Mails. — Moils for Brisbono and tho Aus tralian Colonies, por Yaralln, will closo this morning for registered lottors at 0, and ordi nary lottors at 10 o'clock, and for tho nbovo plnoos and Intormodiuto ports por Lady Bowou, for rogistorod lottors at (i, and ordinary lottors ut 9 o'elook to-morrow morning (TuoBday.) Wool,— In addition to our report of tlio amount of wool roeoivod during tlio past woolc, wo htivo to add 87 balos, MtE, roeoivod by Mr. G. B. Shaw. Meeting.— A mooting of tho friends of tlio Vory RovorondDoan Murlay will bo bold in tbo School-room Dorby-straot tli is. Monday evening, at oigiit o'oluok, for tlio purposo of prusonting tlio address mid testimonial. Church Parade. — Tlio moinbors of No. 4 Go. Q.V.lt.B., licadod by tliuir band, mnrohod down EaBt-stroot, uhd thoneo.to tbo Prosby- torian Ohuroh, ycsturilay, whero tho moinborB of other denominations broko off for nttoud- uuoo at tlloir different plnoos of worship. Rookiiamiton Light Infantry.— Tho raotn- bors of this ooinpany will bo plnnHod to hear Hint Mr. Albroclit Foez, who was gazottod n n short timo back, roeoivod his Commiss ion from Brisbane ou Saturday last. Justice Roster. — Tbo following is tbo liBt of Justioos' for ntlindnnoo during tlio wook: — .Monday, Dceembor -1th, J. K. Caiman, S. B. Davis ; Tuosdny 5th, A. Fooz, John Ferguson ; Wednesday Gth, Carl Harden, J. Hondxick ; Thursday 7th, R. M. Hunter, F. H. Hoblor ; Friday 8tli, Iloury Jones, F. Kiinor ; Snturday Utli, W. F. Lambort, W. 0. Lamond. Anouis in Herba.— Tho missing horse, wiiioii wus supposod to huvo boon stolon hist wook '.out of Messrs. Rutlicrfords' paddock, was disoovorod lying dead amongst tho grass in tlio ooutrc of it. It is prosuracd, us tlioro woro no indications about him of having como by bis death nuyothor way, that ho had boon bitton by nsimko, us these gontrynro pretty numorous just at proaout, owing to tbo hot wcathor bringing thom out of thoir holes, near wbioh tlioy aro to bo soon enjoying tho sun- sliino, lookiugout, lio doubt, for " a bito " of something to oat. The New Emuankmknt.— This work is pro gressing rapidly towards cotn'plotion, and when tinishod will niuko ono of tho handsomost promenados of any towu in tho colony, ns well as add materially to tho valuo of proporty on tho river bank. Tlio grass sood .is beginning- to sliow along Its sidos, whioli it is ntondod to bind, and wo think its growth ought to bo bnstouod by irrigation, so tunc ii may .novo gooa nota uolxiro tho flood soason sots in; tboro oun bo no. diffioulty in watoring it, ns tho wator is laid ou oloso by, and tho grass would shoot up rapidly. Wo boliovo, it ,is proposod to plant trcos along tbo embankmout, and wo sinooroly liopo that nothing but ovorgreous will bo soloctod for that purpose, and troos that shod thoir loaves liko tho Poneiaiuv at boo genus bo avoided. Tbo objoct of friuging public walks, or rivor buuks with troos, t is ns much for the sako of sliado us orunmoiit— rathor moro — for in a olitnnto suoh as this slindo should bo tho groat objoot sought after. Tlio esplanndo has boon mado noarly up to tbo Rooks, and by tbo first of tho now your, wo may look for its oomplotiou. Water Supply. — Tho Corporation woro prematura iii laying on water to tho town boforo taking propor stops to purify it, and moro than liulf tho sickness amongst tbo oliil- drou arises from drinking this impuro mix ture. It is a loss up- wliioh wus tboworsoof tho two, that with which wo woro suppii cd by wator onrts in tho oldon days, or that by tho prasent system of pipes ; wo thiuk tho '.pipes liavo it; nnd wo hopo that boforo any further muuioipal works ' nro projootcd, that tho .sub- jcot of propor filtration will bo brought pro-mi- noutly forward, uud rcccivo' tho unanimous support of tho Cotiuoil. Bad wator is tho. motlior of infection and tho dissomiuutor of all sorts;of disonsea ; and during droughts 'tho Yoppou Lugoou, whut with vogotablo inattor and other iropuritios is simply undrinlcablo. Even at tho prosont momout It sinolls strong onough to mnko a wnsiiorwoniuu turn hor uoso up over hor buok hair, and if tho prosont dry season lasts until uftor Christmas, thero will bo a largo invostmoiit in llltors by thoso who oan ufford it, und in pliysio by , thoso whooan't. TUo publio lionlth ought to bo a first conside ration it should tako proeedonco of allothors, and thoso who lmvo tho dirootion of our muni cipal affairs, aro. to a .vorv croat extent. rosponsible for onuses that intorforo with it. ItOun Noble Punt.— The dofeotivo working of this wondorful pioco of marino nrohitooturo scorns to iuoroaso with ago, and tho constant interruptions to traflio aro so frequent, that all portions of tho community are moro or loss sufforors. Thoro must bo something radically wrong in tbo managomont of tlio pnnt, to account for thoso novor ending delays, and for whioh thoro is no apparent reason. Numerous oomplainta on tbo snbjeot hnvo ronohod us by lottors and otliorwiso, relating to tbo heavy lossos, mid groat iitconronieuco to wbioh tho' writers havo been subjootod by tho dolnys whioli havo no right to oocur ; but' with tlio bridgo in proapcotivo, our only ndvioo to thorn was, ns tlio Corporation sooni to havo no powbr to quiokon tbo morbmouts of tho punt, " to go in for tbo bridgo, ns thoir solo romedy." Tho losseos of the punt aro, and will oontinuo to bo musters of tho situntion, until suoh timo ns Mr. Jonos, (said to bo Mr. Byrioy's) suspension bridgo is complotcd ; and so fur as wo oan soo, tho publio onnuot help tkomsolvos. Tho only thing loft for ttooin to do, is, to push the Government to oominonco tbo work, which ought not to bo dolnyod a moment. If tho susponsion idea is to bo oarriod out, it will tako fully twolvo months boforo tlio- iron struoluro can bo imported from homo, und during that timo a groat deal oan bo dono in tho way of preparing tbo piors. This purt of tho work oan suroly bo oommoneod nt onoo, and' bo roady for tlio rcooption of tho bridgo, whioli wo supposo will bo sont out in seotions. House Thieves.— Tho distrlot, until latoly, Una boon tolerably froo from "tlio depredations of tbo nbovo fraternity ; but tho rooont raids upon the paddooks around tho towii show that tho trado is about reviving, that thoso omploycd in it aro no proutico hands, — and unless a spOody stop is put to it, wo shull liavo a snoond oditiou of Arohibuld and Co. Horse stealing, tlio noxt > stop to busbrangiug, is not confined to old bands at tlio work, for wo And that ono of tho rising generation has boon trying tho samo game on tho nortli sido of "the rivor, aud luado a tolerably good bogluuiug, too. A fow days Ainpo, a Mrs. Boyd, who lives somowliaro on th'o Cnwnrral-roud, put hor horso, ns usual, into tho Furry-yard, whilo alio orossod ovor to Rookbumptoii, and ou hor return somo thvo'o or four hours uftorwards, found hor horso gouo and hor sido-saddla ou tho ground. It appears from.ouquirios, that a boy was soon with bor liorso, whioli was known, uud that ho oallod ut sovoral pluoos whore ho triod to borrow a saddle, but without suoooss, which aooouuts for tho horso haviug boon found turned out nbovo tbo old Srossing-pluoo ut Mooro's Crook; wlioro it was disoovorod aftor a soaroh. Now, us somo of tlio pooplo to whom \- tho boy appliod for tlio loan of a saddle, nro probably ablo to rooogniso thoir visitor, tho polioo ought not long to. bo without n oluo tbo oulprit. Bosidos, it is moro than probablo that tlio "blooksboop" is suspected by tho resi dents on tlio north sido, whoso interest it ought to.bo.to give " thoir impressions " to tbo dotoctivo, nnd Iny hiin, if pos&iblo;, on tbo soont. A ruro crop of young ruffians is springing up in and around tho town, owing'to tlio oriiniuai nogloct of thoir parents, who, iustcad of looking aftor them, allow thom to parado tbo streets at nil hours of the night, associate witli tho night sum of tlio town, nnd indulgo in nil sorts of soampishnoss — so that tlioy graduato in viuo of ovory doecription boforo passing thoir fust examination in tbo dook. Children's Fionio. — On Saturday last Mr. IV. 0. Lnmoud, of, Stanwcll, treated tho ohil- drou of tho district to n piouio, wliioh provod ono of tho most enjoyable) of its kind. Tho juvonilo muster wusjibout thirty, nnd friondB and visitors licipcd to bwoII tlio numbors. Refreshments wore provided in nbuodanoo, nnd tlio usual round of gumcs kopt tho oliildron in good humour till dusk, wlion tlio fete cham- pctrc wus brought to u oloso. Mr. Lamond tubes a great intorost in sohool work, aud bo is evidently a fuvourito with tlio children. Polioe Court. — Bofoio tlio Polioo - Magis trate, on Saturday, ono parson pleaded guilty to a ohargo of druukouuoss, and was ndmoninhod nnd disohnrgod. James Tiiompsog, alias John Thomas, alias John James, alias Overland, alias White, alias Frucman , nppoared, on remand, ohurgod with disoboyiag a summons to attend tlio Polico Court at Arainno. Deoteotivo Long gavo ovidunoo to tlio offeot that ho, in company witli Sonior-Sorgcnut Braiinolly, arrested tlio .prisonor on tho 24th Novombor IubI, on a oliurgo of disoboying a summons a t Aramao ; witness had no warrant, but saw ;tlio notion in ;tho Polioe Gazette, and tlio x>risoncr answers to tho description therein ; ho oxpluiucd ' tbo ohargo to prisoner who said, < Ho was not tbo ninu, that ho bad novcr boon to Aramao, bat bad bocn at Clermont ;" ho gavo his namo as John Tboiuas ; witnoss had sinco reooivod a'wurrant for tho arrest of John 'Thomas (warrant dosoribud in tlio Police Gazette, produced) ; ho bcliovcd tlioro'wns a ohargo of forgory ponding against tho prisoner. Upon tbo application of Sou ior-Sorgonnt Braiinolly tho |Bonoh remanded (prisouor foi ono wook for tlio produotiou of further.ovidouac Magisterial Enquiry.— a magistorial on- miirv intn fchn itimen nf dniifli nf A ikIkam n.,ll» travellers somo rcfreshn lout, including a billy full of ton. Tlioy returned to Dingo, but started again about oi ght with a oonoh, in ordor to sond on tho pas. sougcrs and mails with out farther dolay. T.hoy also took some breakfast supplies. How tho sooond ooqoh will fare it is difficult to say. Tho aooidont occurred on tho now brenoh road from Dingo to tho old Clermont road. It is m uoh sliortor than tho old round-about, as it cuts off more than twonty miles ; but what is gained ono way may bo lost another. Itappoars that tho now road ,1ms boon mado right across somo boggy patohos— somo call it a obain of small lagoons ; but1 tlio work wim dono in dry woatlior, and ovorytbing scomB to have gono woll for two or tbroo mouths. Last Thursday night's lioavy rain, how ovor, reduced tho soil to its original condition,, viz.. pulp, nnd tlio horses plunged into tlio liog and stuok fast, all offorts to pull through be ing usoloss. Tile night was oxooodiugly fino, o thorwisb tho onso would havo boon moro sorious. It was not known yostor- day morning wliol iher that is tho only rHally bad putob on tb o now road. If not, tho sooond conoli inigb t share tho fato of tbo first : but wo bopo not. Any way tho mails will not bo up to timo witjii lut a littla uiglit travollin-. No blamo oun bo t ittnohod to tlio drivor, wlTo simply followed tho road, wbioh had boon good for somo months, and Cobb and Co.'s ngout at Dingo did bis bo it to sot matters right. Effect of Heat on IIorsHs.— Tlio intonso hoat of tho woatlior is beginning to toll on tlio horses omployoil iu tko publio' vehicles of this oity.' Sovoral horr/cs liavo diod lately froih tho effects of Hio wcnt'lier, aud tills morning a lluo horse drivou in ono of Mr. Chalk's oinuibusscs whon ooming in from tho 'Valley, was soizod with stnggors, aud diod in a fow minutes after boing takou out of tho voliiclo. — Telegraph. Freckles. — Slany young lndios on thoir return from tlio country this full will bo glad to know that some horse-radish grated into n cup of cold sour milk — lot it stand twolvo hours tliou strain nnd. npply two or tliroo times a day —will remove fircckles from bands or face in a short timo. Or, ono ounco lemon juioo mixed with a quarter of a draehm pulverised borax and half n draalim of sugar will also remove frcoklcs. Keep this lotion iu a glass bottlo corked tightly ui few 'days boforo using and apply to tlio frtjoklos occasionally, and it will soon reiuovo thorn. — Christian Union. PoWEn of G iioWtu.— Visitors to tho wilds aud glens of Mount Alexander may if tlioy oliooso (snys tho Mail), witness a natural curiosity of no moan typo. Aftor wandering to tlio haad of wlint is known as Piouio Gully tlio usccut of tlio mountain is then tho next objoot in viow, and iu noooinplishiug this many groups of largo grnuito boulders aro pusseil, but near tho summit is one whioh will well repay a little time spout iu examining closely. Ono huga blook, whioh must liavo lmvo origi nally weighed soinii hundreds of tons, stauds boldly out liko a hi irriur to tlio travollor, but on going round it is soon tlrnt n troo— a spooios of lightwood — lias ono timo or tlio other taken root in tlio piuiinolo, tho fibrous rootlots gradually working downwards, till ut Inst tlioy found food for tlio stem. This has grown your by yoar, widouiug by degrees, and at length bursting tbo solid slouo ejuau iu twain, »— » AAUUIUII VUilJ) was hold -on Saturday, boforo Mr. F. N. Boddck, J.P. Bridget Cully, tlio wifa of tbo dccoascd, wlnos.o body was lying in tho balo at his residence, near Lyon Crock, statod that on tlio morning of Snturday tlio 2nd iusliint, about 8 o'elook, her hito husband ivas trying to get a cow into tho balo to milk, tho cow was in tli o yard in wliioh tlia bala was, nnd tho doccascd was beating and trying to got tho cow into tho balo ; witness was In tbo yard also, banting tlio aow, wlicn bIio suddonly mado n rush nt tho deceased, who was than in ilia pen with tlio calf, and foraocllior way .through tlio gato of the pon, aud gored tho doccnscd in the ohest and oil tho loft ' sido with hor horn ; witnoss tried to got the aow away from liiin, and sno- ooodod in doing so, and it rushed .away, tho dccoascd thon got ont of tho calf pen, and walked a short distance, lio kuoolcd against tlio "fouoa and diod ; tho doccnscd bloii vory much whilo iu the balo, nua ns ho wallcoil to tho fonoo. Joseph Cully, a son of. tho doccnscd, gavo oorrbbornlivo cvidonoo, and tho enquiry wnB adjourned uulil 8 o'clock iliis uftornoon. Dr. Cttllngbnu gavo n oartilioutc to tho oifoot, that dooensod : had met his death ' tbrougli being gored by a cow, and nn o'rdor was givon for tho burial of tho body, Hie unfortnnato mnn having loft his family in vcr.v poor circumstancos. Tub Clermont Co-aoii Bouued.— On Satur day uiglit lust th'o' Clermont oonoh, J which loaves Dingo on Saturday afternoon, aftor tho arrivul ,of tho train from Itoukhninpton, was bogged at a spot (ibout ton milos from tho railway terminus. Tlio result was tbnt Bix ladies (including two Sisters of Storey) nnd two' obildron, who woro tho only passongors, had to spoud tlicir night in tho bush. About ono o'elook on Sundn.v morning tho driver or groom (wb did not ho; »r whioh) ronohod Dingo, nnd roportod tho occur, venco ; nnd Mr. Smith, Cobb und Go's; agent, accompanied by Mr; Lyons, a squatter, carried tho unfortnnato nB though dono by a cliargo of dynamite, nnd in this position tbo troo ncquirod BtrcngtU und proportions. SnotJKiNO Fatal Aooident from JCkiio- bf.ne.— 1 Tho Sydney Echo reports tlrnt on tlio 1 afternoon of tho 2nd instant a vory and ooour- renoo took plaoo nt Surry Hills. A tin of korosono oxplodod without nny nppnront ouuso, unless it bo, as it iB supposod, tlint tlio rayH of tbo sun, striking upon tlio tin, whioli wus on tho liuloony fully oxposcd, liontod tlio oil whioli it contained to "buoIi a dogroo that an nxplosiou wnB tlio rosult. A liltlo boy nnmod ltoginnld I'latt, six years of ngo, hcoiiis to hnvo boon on tlio balcony when tho explosion oouurrcd, and oloso to tbo tin ; but tlio oliild earnestly nfllrmcd, nftor tbo ooourrenco, tlint lie lmd not put a light tu tlio oil, or intorfcrcd with it ill any way. Attonlion boing called to tlio balcony by tho noiso of Iho explosion and sorenms of tbo boy, Iuh olothos were found to bo on fire and tbo burning oil was aprond ovor tlio balcony. Tlio littla follow was much burnt about tlio fitua nnd body, uud nlthuugliall wnB dono thut could bo dono for him, lie diod tlio following morning. An Unapfrhuiated Blessino.— Suoli is tho woll-knowii Eucnlgptiix — tlio guin-troo fumily — in tlio colony, sinoo wo nro destroying it by wholosalo with our timber mills, our firowood- gatlioring, and our solootion- olonring. Abroad, bowovor, ovory menus is alien to oultivuto tbo Eucalyptus. A paper was rocoutly roud boforo tbo Loudon Pharmaceutical Socioty containing in sabatnncc, the following interesting stuto- mout iu regard to tlio bouofloiol results to tlio Eucalyptus. About a ocntury ago tboro was iu tlio Oaiupngnu, about throo miles from Romo, a viiiago containing various churches and a monastery, whioli woro abandoned on account of tiio prevailing malum. Up to 1870 tbo churches thoro woro in ruins. Six years ngo two French Trappists planted tho Eucalyptus globulus iu tlio village, somo of tho trees having now attained a height of 30 foot. For tho last two yours tlio monks huvo inhabited tlio ruined couvont without suffering tiio least inconveni ence, using from timo to timo us a fobrifugo duoootions rondo from tho lonvos o.f tho troo. Itulinu botanists and physioiuna aro urging tlio Govornuiont to pljinl tbo Eucalyptus iu quun- titoin tlio Cntnpagnn, bclioving that by its mauiiH these deadly plains mny bo restored to thut flourishing condition tlioy had onco attained during tho poriod of o'naly Roman history. — Bonnolly Advertiser. Cure for Snake Bite.— From timo to timo during tho last fow years much lms appeared in tlio puouo prints on tho subjaot of nnti- dotes, pnrtioulnrly on tho injeotion of ammo nia into tho voin. Whatever may bo tbo merits of this romody, it is lit tho best diflioult of applioution by thoso who are most oxposcd to tlio dnngor of boing bitton, porhaps in tho bush miles away from any" doctor Somo simplo romedy that oan bo appliod without loss of titno is what is wanted. Tlint romody is salt, nnd . this is tho way to uno it : With ns littlo dolay us possibio lot tlio sulforor hasten homo, first tying it string of somo sort round tho limb abova tlio bito, mid mnko it pretty tight. Thon with a sharp ponknifo or razor mako'sovorul dcopish outs ovor cnoli puncturo (tlio spots will uppenr of u faint pink colour, liko a ficn-bito), aiul rub woll into tbcm some fino snlt ; onough coarse suit could bo bruised with a bottlo or knifo iu a fow seconds. Continno tho appli cation of suit for nn hour nt lonst, and tako, if ut hund, according to tho ugo of tho pntiout, sovoral iloacsof brandy, or any other spirit pro- aurablo, until squoaniishnoss is iuduuod. If 'tlioro is ncyono about at th'o timo of tbo uaci- dont with sufficient narro, it is a good plan to lift tlio akin ovor eaoh punoturo with tho points of tho thumb and forofingor, nnd Blioo off tlio clovatoil portion of skin ; tho pioco exoisod need not bo largor than a threepenny pioco, if so largo ; than apply tlio salt. Don't bo ularmod at tbo blooding, for if ho timo has boon lust, tho blooding will help to oarry off tho poiBon. Hot water will oiicourogo tlio blooding, but don't lot tho wator touoh tho suit. . Rather Startling. — ' Attious," in tlio Leader, relates tlio following romarknblo con fession: — It is a ooinmon complaint among clorgymon that thoy do not recoivo fair ploy from tho press ; but I huvo novor soon anything in nowspnpoi's so strong as tho remarks that i were niaao on tho cloricai profession by a into membor of it. This gontloinnn, after many yours' praoticul oxporionco ns a clorgymnii, and aftor having studied Qnrcfnlly to fit him self for tho pusitiou, found it iinpossiblo with sutisfaotion to himsolf to oontinuo his connection with his ohuroh— ono of tho most influential in Victoria. A friend rccontly addressed this gentleman as "Rovorend" when writing to liim, forgetting that ho had rcnounoed tho title for somo time. An answer came to tho following off cot : — " Iii your last you addressoil mo us ' Roverond.'— For Go.l's sake don't insult mo again. Don't you know that I havo loft tho bosom of tlio holy charch, and that I am proud of my dopartnro ? I loft tho glorious mookery that for so many yoara hod deceived mo when ray eyes were opened nt last to its inisornblo hypocrisy and meanness. .... I havo boon in tlio inner sanotun'ry of churobos — know what they are— know how religion is professed, carefully obsorvod, and mndo into an oiegant trado ; and my vordiot is Sham, sliam— pitiful moan, liypooritioal sham— only worth of boiug swept out to tlio groat dunghill of creation's offscourings with tlio broom of uttor contempt 1" I hnvo sclcotod only tlio vory mild passages from this . gontloman's letter ; his stronger ones I really .would not liko to publish. But when a gontioinau who but latoly hail pooplp " sitting under him " whom bo was in the habit of addressing ns " beloved brethren " writes in this mminoiy could anything bo too strong for unrogono- rato luyinen. , Billy Rae and George Robins.— I oould not help thinking tho other day of an old London oelobrity, mado famous in a ditty beginning somotbing in this stylo — Itnvo yon liuard of Guorgo Ilobius of miction renown Who gained all Lis living by lmooklug things down t ' Gcorgo has muny imitators in tho oolonios, and our columns occasionally contain noat spooi- mons of nuotioiicoring talent iu tbo udvortiso- mont lino. At a wuysido iuu I oaaio across a rooout copy of tho Northern Argus, in wbioh I read a notice of somo proporty oiforbd for salo nonr Rookhnrapton, uud if tho writor of that notioo was not aided by tbo ghost of Robius, lio ought to take out n lioouso and start auction eering straightaway. Do allow mo to givo your roadors a tasto of its quality by quoting a briof oxtruot ; it is too good to "waste its sweetness" in tiio columns of a pno viucinl nows- papor: — "To now arrivals only it will bo nooos- sary to stuto thut tboro is no otboi proporty in tho Vulloy of tlio Fitzroy to bo compared with it for pioturosqno bouuty of scenery of that class whioli artists in. Europo travel long distauuos to copy; for lioro is groupod uloso togetlior what is so diflioult to And iu uuy country, nainoly, hold monntnin outlinos, swooping hill slopes, gliuipsos of rioh grussy uioudows, and, iu botweou, long roaolios of ourviug wator vistus, fringed to tlio odgo with festooned masses of ovorgroou foliugo, all pro- duood without tlio gurduur's help, aud fur ox- | ooeding in effect tlio results produced by urtifioial outlay of muny thousands of pounds on tho suburban proportion of Mclbourno or Sydney. Visitors from Viotoria and Now South Wulos liavo admitted that uono of yioir show places iu oithor colony will compare with" this ono, not only as to uatural uiiembollisbod beauty, but witli nooompimimonts wiiioii re mind ono of tbo clioico sports lit homo, where, as lioro, tlio splashing of the iiali, tlio call of tlio wild fowl, and tlio whirl of tho miming stream, break tlio siionco uud givo that anima tion nnd vurioty which is so markedly wuntiug in other Australian sconory." Funoing rending of suoli a Purftdiso boiug, as it woro, oloso to yon when tlio thermometer raogos ut Jioarly 100 dogroos in tho shade, when nil arouud you tlio country looks liko a piiruhod dosort, aud whon tho " long ronelies of curving wutor" turti out to bo Jmoro miragos. By-tbo-wuy, wlint is ourved wator? Tho clmp who wroto tlio foregoing would bo worth having on a newspaper stuff, 1 should, think, to do tho " high fnlutin " husinoss whon wanted. — Courier's Coriespondeut. 