L. Sg TEE GOVERNOR'S TOUR THROUGH TUE MINING DISTRICTS. In response to a request, Mr. Weld-Blundell, private secretary, has furnished us with information that enables us to givo the following particulars of | His Excellency tho Governor's recent tour. It will be romemberod that HÍ3 Excellency left for Launceston on the 23rd February. Of his doings during his eight days' stay in Launceston, wo have already given some account ; but it may be mentioned that His Excel- lency was very much pleased with the conduct and behaviour of the people, and the reception he met with. Of the Westbury district, which he visited by Bpocinl train on the 1st March, he speaks as being a beautiful agricultural country, bettor fanned than some parts ofEnglnnd.nnd better decidedly than most colonial farming. On the 2nd of March, accompanied by the Hon. W. Mooro (Minister of Lands), Mr. Frith, engineer, and Mr. Stourton, His Excellency started on horseback for the north- east coast via Scottsdale. Leaving the rich valley of the Esk, the party ascended the hill behind i the St. Leonard's woollen factory, visited by His Excel- lency last year. The first 12 or 13 miles to i the waterworks is undulating, aud is pretty ' well timbered. On the hill sides there is tolerably good land, but ¡n the valleys it is poor. The country, though ? very second rate, is capable of supporting n small population. At present it is , very sparsely peopled, if it can be said to be peopled at alf. ' The party passed one large and good house and orchard, situated on an eminence, and sorrounded by cleared land to a considerable extent, which is used as a sheep farm, and belongs to Mr. Adams. Eloven miles from Launceston, the road crosses an underground tunnel, which conveys water from the St. Patrick river to the Distillery Creek for the supply of Launceston. His Excellency turned from the road and rode to the waterworks, where there is a neat cottage and clearing, and a prety bend of the St. Patrick river. This river is a clear, fresh stream, with rocky bed and woody banks, and contains plenty of trout. His Excel- lency walked first to the dam and then down to the tunnel, a distance of perhaps half a mile. ! The lead or flume is constructed of stone, and is ? very neatly and well executed^ The tunnel is only framed of wood ; it is painted within, has two air shafts, and is largo enough to allow a man to pasB through. The country improved as the party pro- ceeded. Six miles further orought thom to Mount Arthur Inn, where a Bhort stay «vos mode for refresh- ments. Another five miles brought them to the Myrtles (a fai-m ««'here accommodation can bo got), so called from the myrtles which mix with the eucalypti, and which, along what is kno««-n as the "six-foot track," blond with n wealth of magnificent feriiB and rich growth of .underwood ; in fact, tho country bereis exceedingly rich though broken and hilly. The trees, ' stringy bark and others, are of great size, and the bush ' is dense and luxuriant j the party noticed the "Macquarie Vine" tivining amongst-the fern-trees and biiish««'ood,quaiititics of parrots, and many nativo thrushes. Much had been heard of the difficulties of tho descent, at the precipice to the.Meredith Valley. ¡ The path'is cut'along tho hill side.and " the precipice," which in Ne«v Zealand, the Go«'ernor states, would be considered an ordinary hill side, is gro«yn over with bushes. The descent is so easy that His Excellency . and Mr. Stourton trotted from top to bottom, ; and did not know whether they had come to the difficult place. In wet weather, doubtless many parts of the track are > exceedingly boggy, ' and it seems extraordinary that in so old a colony as this, such a fine district as Scottsdale and upper Ringa- rooma should not ha«'e a passable cart-road to Laun- ceston. No vehicle has ever yet passed, though a nar- row buggy might possibly be taken along the six-foot track in dry «veather. It was getting dark when the party found themselves on the level (the white dead trees in the clearing glimmering like ghosts in the moonlight), and they reached Edward's Inn at 7.30. The distance travelled was 38½ miles. Mr. Moore's horse had cast a shoe, and he remained and slept at the Myrtles. At Edwards's, on the previous evening, Mr. Cowle, J.P., and a large number of people, had as- sembled to meet His Excellency ; but, owing to his having been unavoidably delayed in Launceston a day more than was intended, they were disappointed. His Excellency (who received from Mr. Edwards the ad- dress that was to have been presented to him) regretted the disappointment very much, though it is as well to state that he had no notice that anyone was to meet him, or of any address being in contemplation. Friday, March 3rd. -To-day the party rode through Scottsdale to Bridport and back, in all 28 miles. The country is gently undulating, tho land very rich nnd heavily timbered (principally ««nth gum), with a densa undergrowth of ferns and brushwood. The ferns ore, magnificent, often 30ft. high, and they gro«v in tho' mildest profusion. Scottsdale bos 15 or 20 thousand acres of fir»t-closs land, equal to the pick of New Zealand. It has about 500 inhabitants, who ore said, to be remarkably industrious, orderly, and sober. Tho, place is thriving, but it requires roads and labour. Tho. wages at the mino is 60s. per veek.and on farms about £1 and found. There is a good deal of unsold land in this dish icfc, which His Excellency considers essentially a poor man's country, where by his labour and that of his family he can gradually clear the land and make a happv home. Bl idport is a pretty little place, com-' prised of about a do/en houses. There is a bar at the entrance to the liver, and there if a 7ft. high tide ; a small outlay is necessary to prevent n new channel fanning1, and a small jetty is ««.anted nearer the mouth. His Excellency visited the school,'where ho found the children clean"and ordeily, and heard them read very creditably, after which bo obtained a holiday for them. Saturday, March 4th.-The party left Edwards's, and after proceeding a mile or so to Tucker's Corner, turned to the right instead of, as on the previous day, to the left. A few miles brought them out of the rich country into hilly land of inferior quality, but this did not last long. The hills becamoerich as tho party descended from the slight elevation to which they had risen, and again entered a nearly level tract. The journey had been through heavily timbered land, great eucalypti, .sassafras, fozi (myrtle), and dense jungle of bushes, ferns, and Macquarie vines. Now the heavy timber was somewhat less dense aud easier to clear than in Scottsdale, though growing on land quite as rich. Mr. Cowle (who accompanied the party some distance) stated that he had known 20 tons of potatoes to nn acre, and that ho ¿new land laid down in English grass that would keep t««'cl«-e sheep to an acre. At mid-day the party stopped for lunch at a farm belonging to Mr. James Scott, M.H.A. The land here seemed belo««' the a«*eragc, and looked much dried up, there lm-ing been no rain for some time. At three o'clock the partv remounted, and rode about three miles to the Ruby Flat Tin Mine, erossing the Ringarooma in a deep, dark dell, fording and riding over a hill, through bushes and over rocks, at a smart pace ; there ««-as hardly room for heads or knees among the bushes, and in BOino places the track was «.cry steep. There ««-ero about 28 men «vorkiug stream tin, getting, the overseer stated, from 7s. to 8s. a day waçes. A little dirt was washed for His Excellency to look at. A «\'cek or t««-o previous t««-o and a half tons had been got, but the ground is patchy and the yield small. The party then rodo on (fording the Ringarooma) through very good land to Mr Fry's, ««.hose son accompanied them. It «vas stated that there .must be 70,000 acres of good land in the district, iï|id that it is better than in Scottsdale. Opinions dilfer on these points ; but thcie can be no question but that these districts have between them at least that quantity of excellent land, and that they ««-ill one day carry a very largo population. Mr. Fry has a farm of rather o«-er 300 acres, about 250 acres of which are cleared ! the house is comfortable, there is nu excellent cowshed, and the flower garden is very neat. Mr. Fry possesses a medal obtained for cheese at the Melbourne Exhibi- tion. He milks 50 co««*«, has some nice Devon co«vg, a fe«v good horses, and some first-class pigs. His land is excellent ;' whito clo\'er, cocksfoot gross, and zarrow grow luxuriantly. The roads passed over during the day must be almost impassable in bad ««'eather, though at present good for howes ; nil the bridges and culverts sadly want repairing, and a bridgo over tho Ringa- rooma, betiveen Mr. Scott's and Mr. Fry's, ««-ould be A great boon. Sunday, March 5th.- A"vory quiet day was apent at Mr. Fry'". '' ' "* " ff*"iE ' Monday, ' Marsh 0th.-The party left at «even o'clock, and passed along a vory rough track to the Globo claim, which is worked by some of the owners. Tho party then visited tho Atlas Company's olaim,and, leaving their horses, walked about a milo up a steel) hill, thickly wooded, until they reached the huts of the Belmont Company. Mount Bell, about 3,000 feet above the lovel of the sen,was then asconded, and from the top the party obtained an extensive view ovar Ringarooma and Scottsdale. Tho coast hills at Georgo'B Bay, Mount Cameron, Mount Horror, Brld Sirfc Plains to the sea, Mount Arthur, Bon Nevis, en Lomond, and nearer.Mounts Victoria and Albert, formed a grand panorama of wooded country. _ > Passing over tho hill side, about a dozen prospecting holes were visited. Mr. Barker, manager of t]ie Bp,]u)pnfc Compauy, gave His Excellency minuto explanation on tho spot of the proposed works, comprising n'w'ater. wôrlvs schenke, lead tuYinèl, otc." " Thj!Stt"wqrk8 will bp. on a la.rgo soalo, and invqlvp á great 'outlay i Wi flWU ia every reason to cxpeot it good return, as thai« is plenty of rieh wash dirt, independently of tin por. phyritio granito reefs. Tho p.aity returned to the Atlas claim, remounted, and continued the visit, Mr. Donnolly, the manager of the Atlas, piloting them on foot. After again passing tho Globo claim, they proceeded up and down hills by tho Star and Shamrock (and closo by tho Lower Atlas) workings, thence up a steep hill half a mile, where a slight track leading to the right was discovered, .which took them to a woll-dofinod track, following whicli Thomas's Plains was soon reached. It w|as fortunate that amongst tho roots; holes', rocks, and' trees, none of the hornes wero injured ; but a good deal of walking 'was floue to case tho animals. All the day's travelling was through dense forest, many line, tall, straight stringy bark trees being seen. All tho claims seemed to bo doing remarkably well, and every ono appeared hopeful; buttha want of'roads is a gi eat drawback, Though pilly nbnut IS milps worn travelled, it was $ very hard, day's work, especially ns besides tl|it{ thj party did as much and moro difficult walking ^l|nn the ascent of ftfount Wellington ; howo'ver, they ali seeniod p'rptty fresh at tho finish, His Excellency proving himself a capital bushman. After' reaching the surveyors' tonta at Thqiun^'s Plains tho party in- spected tho AU Nations' claim, where thoy found Mr, Bealey, of Hubert Town, who had walked from Gcorgo's Bay, a distance of 30 miles. A tin of dirt was washed, and yielded 1 lb. 4 oz. The night wa» passed in a vory comfortably arranged tont, Tuesday, March'7th.-Thero was light rain this morning, tho first that lind fallon during tho tour, but it soon stopped. At 7 o'olock tho party returned about a milo into tho bush whence they had emerged tho previous (Oyeuing, and visitod the Union,(Mao michael and Gates) claim, where they were shown tho broadest spaco of wnshdirt and the' richest they had yot seen ; it yields about half a ton per man |icr woek j a pan yielded about 5 or (1 lim. of tin. On roliu-iiing to Thomas's Plains, tho pal ty found that ni» niah, willi tho word " Welcome oi) ty, hiuj b,(?SJ} erected, tho path beyond being adorned with t\vo liftgo Hags on either side. The placo is well watered and opon, surrounded by wooded hills, and admirably adapted for a township. Tho p.aity passed over a long wooded hill, stoop lit places, which'would be vciy bad for travelling in wet weather ; oven now the tho house's fectofton sank in the deep rich soil between tho trooj-oots and rocks ; there is a small oiion plain at the top of tho hill. A now horso track is bouigcut, which will bo n great improvement, Tho vogotation is fozi, eucalypti, and ferns, with some sassafras and blackwood. "Mr; Johnson, tho surveyor, Joined' the party'at his camp. Kennedy and1 Chapman's, and. Bridge and Blackall's workings wore inspected, and found to be doing very well. His Excellency con- versed with the men, and obtained n good deal of information about tin. The men aro a superior class in this district (as pioneers usually are); many of them come from Victoria and New Zealand. It is stated that some of tho claims hore aro not worked because they do not yield £10 a weok per man ; and that many claim« yield nearly twice that uiuount. The party reached Johnson's, "Now England," at one p.m., and had lunch, after which they rodo 14 miles through a partially settled country to George's Bay, The days journey was about 30 miles. Wednesday, March 8th.-A ride of six miles brought the party to the Ruby mine, the extensive, works of which were carefully inspected under the guidance of the manager. There is a deal of heavy stripping of surface stuff, but a good breadth of wash dirt, which is fine in grain. Tho mino is easy of access by cart from the bay. The wages paid to the men is from 50s. downwards ; more men will have to be got from Melbourne. Ills Excellency and Mr. Swan (Inspector of Police), who joined tho party at Georges Bay, went fishing, having obtained use of a boat from the Robert Burns, kindly lent by Captain Hall ; two dozen bream were caught, some very fine, weighing two and three pounds each. Thursday, March 9th.-His Excellency stayed nt Mrs. M'Laren's Hotel, being unable to pay any visits in consequence of his luggage having been' left nt Avoca. The miners from tho Blue Tier, where the mine is very successful, would have met the. Governor, but they could not learn when he was coming. The Blue Tier was the lost the party passed over on this side the Thomas River ; only the end of it was 'crossed. There are three main tiers between George's Bay and Launceston-one between Launceston aud Scottsdale, . one between Ringarooma and Thomas's Plaius,and one between Thomas's Plains and "New England," John- son's farm. His Excellency and Mr. Swan again went fishing, and caught over two dozen, besides being pretty well drenched with rain. Friday, March 10th.-The party rodo to Falmouth along a good road ; plenty of iron bark trees about. Scamander'» bridge, a famous fishing place, was passed, quantities of bream being seen. On reaching Fal- mouth the horses were baited, and after His Excel- lency had visited the school, ho rodo up St. Mary's Pass. _ Tho weather, unfortunately was dull, and the fine view from the puss could not bo seen to advantage.' Tho ferns and vegetation hero aro rather poor in com tiarison with those on the north-east country, and there is a want of bold rocks ; still tho pass is well worth a visit. The township of St. Mary's is a. prettily situated village. His Excellency visited the school, and then rode on to Mr. Groom's, Harefield, wheio he was most hospitably received. Mr. Hansom and Mr. Dawson were present. His Excellency was shown a fine specimen of coal, which underlies the country about Harefield to a considerable extent. Saturday, March 11.-Very wet day. The party rode to St, Mary's, and thence to Fingal through n fine rich vnlley, which must be picturesquo when tho hills aro visible. Mr. Groom accompanied the party a short way, and Mr. RniiBom and his son met them on the read. Had it been fino the party would liavo visited a coal shaft near Mr. Ransom's, but thoy liad been delayed, and had to ride very fast to got to Fingal by 12 noon ; tho last five miles were done in 20 minutes. His Excellency was received by the Warden (Mr Stanfield) and some of tho councillors. The Warden had just returned from Launceston, and apologised for not having had timo to prepare an address. His Excellency went with Mr. Stanfield to the school, but being Saturday, the children were, of courue, away ; their copy books were, however, shown to His Excellency, and ho obtained information re- specting the school from tho master, Mr. Arm- strong.; The Court-house was then visited, after which His Excellency walked to Malahide, where ho was most kindly received by Mr. Robert Clerko and Mrs. Clerke. The estate is a very valuable one, comprising upwards of 17,000 acres, stretching for miles up the valley of the Esk. His Excellency had much washed to see Malahide, and ho was greatly pleased with his I visit. ? Sunday, March 12th.-As it was necessary to get to Swansea tho next day the party rodo quietly in the evening to Avoca. On the road they called at a farm house where reside Mr. nnd Mrs. Story ; they have been there over 40 years. Lost winter their grandson very pluckily saved a life during a flood near their, place ; and it may bo mentioned that the facts having been narrated to His Excellency ho sent the necessary Iiapers home to the Royal Humane Society, who ««'ill no doubt acknowledge tho young man's courage in gorae way, The party stayed at Foster's Hotel. ,Mr. Moore left here, and started to the North West Coast. -The remainder of the tour may be given rather more briefly. On Monday the school at Avoca was visited, and tuon the party started to Sn'ansea. The course, leaving the Launceston (Corners) road tended cast ward. A fine stretch of rich country was passed, then Jilains of grass (with light soil) surrounded by wooded lilis, pext narro«ving into a valley. Several houBes that WPre ppep scats of the gentry of tho olden times of Tas- mania, but which aro now often occupied by shepherds, were seen. A rest was made at the Ifalf-way Cottage, Mr. Duckett'», Hop-polo Bottom. At the meeting of the waters, Mr. John Meredith, -Messrs. Amos, and Messrs. Lyne met the party, and subsequently Mr. Barlio and Dr. Rundle. His Excellency stayed at Cambria, Mr. John Meredith's place. On Tuesday, the Swansea school was, visited, and then His Excel- lency went to Lisdillon, the residencoof Mr. Mitchell, if.H.A. On Wednesday, tho party woro accompanied by Mr. Mitchell mid Miss Mitchell as far as the White Hut, whore they were mot by Mr. ii. Mace, Mr. R. Davis, and othors,and escorted to Mr. Mnoo'a resideneo. His Excellency visited the school and police buildings, etc., at Spring Bay. In the evening Mr. Mace drovo the party to Mohmna (noti«-e bird's nest), the residence of Mr. C,Meredith, M.II.A. On Thursday the school and'quarry at Prosser'» Bay were visited, and a fine viow was obtained of Maria Island. His Excol leucy called at the houses of Mr. Cruttendcn, Mr. Grant, nnd Mr. and Mrs. Fred. Mace. On Friday the Church of England school at Buckland «vas visited. . A stay was made at Runnymede, Mr. Lind- ley'» proporty. , His Excellency rode over tho farm, and examined some very good Leicester sheep. At Richmond tho school was inspected, and then the party Ptt'mo on to Hobart Town, arriving at G p.m. It may be remarked that in tho first irait of tho tour the party «vere singularly fortunate in getting good weather, but not so afterwards. His Excellency was desirous of going on to Mount Cameron, but it ««'ould have occupied three days, which ho could not alford ; besides which, if ho had gone from Branxsome, lie would have had to «vnlk a considerable part of tho way. There ¡B, howovor, nothing to bo seen at Mount Cameron that His Excellency lins not seen as good, if not bettor, in other parts ; and ace »-dingly Mount Cameron, and the coast at the i orfch-enst extremity of the island, where there is some good huid, little known, have been reserved for another trip. Hi« Excellency wo beliovo has seen quito enough to satisfy himself as to the immense mineral riches of north- east Tasmania, and its capabilities for carrying » largo mining and farming population ; and he says it will fully bear cpmparisoii|«vith nny district in Ne«vZealnnd. Ho was assured by surveyors that tliero aro 70,000 acres of first class land (le\\-el anil undulatiug) in Seotts ¡|(de api} Rjnijap ooma ; but Mr. Moore thinks this is an over estimate.1' Tho bills generally have good soil, and would take grass readily if cleared. " The country is roughly estimated at 4Q miUs by -10 miles, mid its rieli lieBB is ui)kiiQ««n, The aroa, of course, onprmously exceeds that k|io««-n about Mount Bischoff ; but the richness of the wash dirt in the Mount Bischoff claims surpasses any yet found lu tho North-oast. Tin) return journey of tho party down tho East Coast «vas very enjoyable, and nothing could bo moro kind and hearty than the welcome His Excellency «verywhero received. ? The coast country, after leaving Avoca, is |>atçhy, and, as a rule, second class, Tho scenery is pretty, but there was so much mist that the views ««-ero often obscured. 