The Recent Murder_in Queensland .Strange Apparition. The Maryborough correspondent of the Bris- bane Telegraph, writing on the 24th ult, says: \- "The night after the enquiry as to the sud- den death hereof a woman named Rixson (when a verdict of natural causes returned), a man named Adamson going home across the reserve saw a ghost. If you consider this a laughing matter I assure you the man does not. He be- comes fightable if you but smile when he narrates his experience. This is what he saw - First, what appeared like a small heap of black earth. As he approached he saw it move, and concluded it was a large black dog. But it still kept growing larger, and Adamson was certain it was a drunken nigger. Mustering all his courage he walked towards the object. As he drew near he was seized with a violent burst out all over his body a bundle which he was carrying on his shoulder fell to the ground, and his hat rose from from his head. In the features of the apparition he recognised those of Mrs Rixson. Then came a voice, "I am the murdered wife of Rixson." The apparition then placed placed one of its hands over its mouth, and the other on its throat, and - disappeared. Adamson does not know how long he remained on the Reserve, or how he found his way home. Next morning he took his wife's advice, and told his extraordinary experience to the police, and they, growing suspicious, arrested Rixson and Lydia" Quipps. The woman was no sooner in the police office, than she made a statement which she has since repeated in the Police Court. She is not in custody. It appears that immediately after his marriage Rixson took a "down" on his wretched wife. He cohabited with her but one night. The remainder of the week of his wedded life he slept at the woman Quipps' lodgings He frequently swore that he would have the life of his wife. On Tuesday morning, March 15, he left Lydia at six o'clock and went to his garden to dig her, some sweet potatoes. In about half an hour he returned, and while delivering the potatoes said, " I have been and done for my wife. " The woman an- swered, " Good God, I will never speak to yon again as long as my name is Lydia Quipps." Then he held her by the wind pipe, saying, " This is the way I-did it.' Afterwards Rixson said to her-, '«'So' help my God I have not done it.' and left her. In consequence of the addi tional evidence the body was exhumed, a second post mortem examination held, and Dr. Little on being recalled, gave it as his opinion gathered from the re-examination and from evidence about the woman had confirmed her death by strangulation. That is the case; Rixson seemed seemed utterly astonished at the evidence the police had gathered; and it is believed that the remorse - if he is capable of it - which visited Eugene Aram will induce him to make a full confession of this guilt. 