THE MYSTEEIES OP CEIME; OB, The ExpERnarcEs or as Edeoubqh X-ETECTITE.-~NO. XXVII. {Published by special arrangement with the - Author.] J M'SWEENY AMONG SMUGGLERS. It is said that fortune favors the brave. I would alter the proverb in M'Sweeriy'a case, and say fortune favours the fearful and blundering. One thing. I used to notice about my. chum with a species of envy — - however 'terrified, luckless, or idiotical he appeared in his actions, he generally came Out quite as successful in the end as the rest of us. For me to make a slip was to ?i ? j.i. _ ? jb ? lkirtci- ? j__ it ? i ? lose me case—ior. no. oweeny to . oiunaer. was often to open up the whole mystery, and lay it compactly in our hands^-a bit of chance-work which occurred so often that he had got to attribute the' whole to his own superior intelligence. F^r- instance,: the heavy billet of wood whicli. he.aised with such unerring swiftness upon the- ' Ghost of the Ring' he was never itired *-f -crowing about; and I had to/aditiit.. that it; was 'singular' that he,, 'the only one of the three who believed in ghosts, and feared their power, should be the only one at the critical moment able to use his hands.. When I had ceded that much, he generally chose to interpret it to mean, that he was the greatest and cleverest detective in the world, and went about for a day or two after with his head several inches higher in the air. I had an opinion of my own on the subject, but I kept it to myself. One dull and blustering morning in March, a sharp, ferret-eved gentleman, with a quick, business-like tread, that spoke of long rounds of the country token on foot, appeared at the Office, and had a short in terview with the Superintendent, who very y^ promptly handed him and his business over v to me, after introducing him as Mr. George Eadie, supervisqi for a long district on the east coast,' and resident at a little place which I shall call Mossburh Mains. 'I wish your assistance in a very strange and mysterious case of smuggling or illicit y distilling— I can hardly decide which — that lias pestered me for months upon months down at my quarter, and which seems as hopeless a task as ever to unravel,' he began, as soon as I had accommodated him with a seat. ' We have all tried our hands at it — laid our heads together — ferreted and hunted-— and yet seem as far from the end as when we began.' ' I fear fliat is a little out of my way,' I replied with some hesitation. 'Not a bit of it,' was the quick, cheerful reply. ' I don't want you to do the hunt ing—I only require a good ferret — the simpler-looking the better— to work out the dues that 1 have got at with months of hard work. ? 'Very good. Just give me the facts,, and I will soon decide if it is in my power to assist you.' . .. '. Well, the facts are'not so conclusive as - I would wish,' he frankly continued. ? ? *?' If they had been. I think I should; not have I troubled5 ydi 'w?^ 1?i? case. But meagre f^ as they are,' they seem to point to the guilty ones i only; havingTgot tiluSifar, a liopefess „ mvstery seems to enyelop the whole aflair, : ^ljich- baffles the keeriefet scrutiny. r The firfct Indication ^of « 8crewJl)eiBg;loose some where was a curious fact, which, I believe, I myself was the first to notice — namely, crQT ll^l^ii^ISi^ ^a^^-#^ customers c»': %ood Scotpt Tdiiepg^sm^ qapt Jiavdseeh v£ ^ ^uod taalM^S^^iMpectatfferaff, andiound ? *-nlyli!ycluS^^ it was ifofr£4^e /w&o;|e, ^^ wey .'/fpyiidjiti ; 'cheaper! But wlienee iiidit come? r/3?Kstf waS'4fa©iiBy8teiyp'Ttdid«otc-MflB;'SirdughL from ^thb^^tTOfflNnfii^wMbii $he latter my suspicions.1 ':*li w^'htirting thWr trade, * and they^^»^*f^'WiAto*:«-re'1^ail the ; *. point ,as ii^raSJsfiiiBSibte 'ftM! ^^ tftf 68L, Now;, .. ; -I n|is^iffly~-lsijr-8^ Jfci-MiGoWi^ jfiwi \ '?'??? '-- the days of running whole cargoes of conira fcand go^^iah^iiiding^em ashore is long since p^igt/anxl. ^ne,;i^Sueh a iMng^is;? ^f^^^yiWi^naaibl&Wat; least in my district. V' Thi&:^ngj^ieVg^; s*e yere forced to, .be-r,', lieve that some other means of carrying xjb.; . the traflBuaiiad-oeen adopted:; and to get at fee secret' we looked round for aomexrae among us flourishing upon no visible means of livelihood, and,: after; a long seajrch, plumped,, upon two, roysteririffy4ev3rmay cares called McCulloch. The two are brotiiers, unmarried, and living with 'their mother/ tod have tried nearly every trade ty turn.. They have been boat-builders, fishermen, publicans, and fish-dealers,, neg lecting all and giving themselves up to dis sipation and idleness ; -but now, though they- keep two boats lying idle; they appear to live and flourish upon nothing.' *^That is common enough, even in the city here,' I laughingly put in. 'Well, ?what have you done to them ?' - 'Just what you would have done had they been thieves — -watenea tnem weu. ' And did you catch them napping ?' ** No; and what is worse, 1 got well A laughed, at for *-my pains/' answered the ^i supervisor, flushing, even then at therecol ' lection. One thing I discovered after long watching— that mostly every night, about dusk, one of therii— sometimes both— went out in one of their boats, just as an ordinary fishing boat might go,-but with-this diffe rence/ that they returned in a few hours, while the fishers did not come back till morning. The second night after this ;di»-~ CoVery — sure of my prey^ -as I 'thought— I made my arrangements, .and boarded and' searched the boat whenever it appealed in ; sight.' . - « Andgotiioibhing?'? '?- ?'-? - ' Right — not a drop— fnot so .muck as a flaskful carried in i their pockets.* ^Then-you-ihottght-^iey ^were awayto ~br&jg; Jthe jatuff in-— p'r'aps from some hidiiog fttlace?' ; \\\ :?'??' .;--, ?': &r;~?jL&L;?..' '? ,:r. ::...''. -\\. .. . .,- Tf 1*'Aiid where, pray, did you imagine the ^Mdelto W' . ?.-.:. '. . ??'. ..! ? *e3%at was more than I could guess.' 'Were you quite, convinced that there was none concealed about the boat — no false bottom or hidden locker, for instance ?' He smiled. *'No; I searched it thoroughly -to the very boards that kept therii from the water — as only an experienced supervisor knows how to search— andr am satisfied that -the Jioat contained not a drop of contraband liquor.' ^ j fiuuecu. — rj. rau ocn vuau jyru. uo»o uiuic to tell.' ' You are right again: 1 was so enraged at being outwitt«d£ especially before a crowd of grinning fools, all of them inte rested persons, that I secured the two 4 brothers, and then led the way to their cot ^ tage, which I searched inside and out— with like success.'. g 'And then you let them off ?' 'I had to — there was not a shadow of evidence against them. But indirectly, though I had to stand much jeering and chaffing, the search and queer turn up . led to a useful bit of inf onnation — namely, that the brothers had a cousin called Craigie, serving as mate on board a Leith vessel, a lugger running between that port and Ham burg. Well, after a consultation with my superiors, it .was. decided to test whether or not I had stumbled on a clue, for, supposing the brandy to be brought from ilamburg to Leith, there might be many a hidden way of getting it along- here and safe into hiding. Accordingly, we had the Firefly closely -watched l-y a reliable hand at Hamburg; * and his report, sent round to us by tele graph, was that, 'among other items, she had -shipped three kegs of brandy.' ' Good ! Did you board her when she ' came in ?' ' Didn't I ? I left a strict watch set on the cottage of the brothers ,McCullocb, and went to Leith myself to foe present when she was boarded by the revenue officers.' if And did you find the three kegs?' ' Not a ghost of them was to be found — they were gone \' l* Strange; Perhaps they, had smeltjdanger and thrown them overboard ?' ' No — they are not given to wasting such valuable stuff .' ; . ; ~' 'Then perhaps your two brothers had dropped alongside and relieved them of the \ burden as they came in ?' '5 'He — here is the puzzling thing. The brothers were not once a, dozen yards from their cottage during the whole of the night in which the vessel must have been passing, up the Forth. They even chatted carelessly and unconcernedly with my men.during the greater part of the time I was absent.' '* ' Confident of their security, probably,' I put iu. ' Does this finish your case P' -l Very nearly; the only other thing that I have noted worth repeating is that the first thing this morning TomM'Culloch,the elder of the two, sent out for a newspaper containing the shipping Arrivals for Xieith ; and among the said arrivals, of course, I found noted that of the Firefly.' ' Ah, that does not go for much, because his anxiety to look fGr the vessel's name might be assumed to arise from concern for his cousin's welfare,' I returned. ' Now, what would you like us to do for you ?' ' Simply, to ferret out the secret how the brandy is spirited into their keeping, and where it is Kept while it is being doled out to their customers. You see they keep the secret to themselves, so there is not the slightest danger of betrayal ; and for me to try to get the information out of them would be as preposterous as for you to ask J a professional thief if he would kindly f ur I nish you with evidence to transport him.' I thought a moment, and then said ? ' Well, I think I can help you. My own v face is one that does not disguise well; in daylight I am policeman-like in any garb, if ' you understand. But my cuum, /MCSir^eay, could try his band at a makeup, -: %tFamp,ora travelling basketmaker would jdo, and he. is as Irish as a peat,so he will Jhave ; -littte difficulty ',Jn 4usJ»uiing the character. ;'; I. am lntwestedin your story, hpw,eyer, and am Jwiljtuig ^accompany y°U : . home £o . supea^tejnd the working of : the thing, if our arrival can be arranged in ;a waymnlikely to cause comment?' ? ; **The very thing— n otibin^r^uldijie mqr easy,' eagerly^rejpined the delighted excise^ man. ' My house is nearly a mile from the hamlet on' the shore, and-yoii need not siir a foot beyond the door till your man brings . in his report; But. are you: quit?e sure of him ? - Will heaiot blunder in any^way1?' 'If he'dpes, you may thank your stars,' Ij laughingly returned, 'for then you'll be sure to get at ^the bottom of the' thing. ,*M'Sweeny will do more good-by a blunder Lat times than another would with the best ofcijies^; ??.? ; '?'?,:'?.'.. .'i-''.-: ?':... '' I This ended oua* talk in private. I called :m 5^1'Sweeny, and as rapidly as possible t ^primed him in his .'part ; and then the. mobs ^ragged and rory garb was raked out and Jput on hisbig frame, and with a bunch of basket willows, slung over his. shoulder - and a few borrowed tools in his pocket, he got down to . the railway and took out a ticket for the station nearest to Mossburn Mains; while the supervisor and myself drove leisurely out in that direction in the gig which had 'brought him. .We arrived just in time to sit down to a- capital dinner, in the discus -.sing of which we waited for McS weeny or his report to turn up. \- Meanwhile my chum had not been idle. The train had set him down nearly two miles from the hamlet containing; the cot tage of the McCullochs, but the tramp lay past a good many fishers' houses, and he was actually asked to stop and mend_ some, 3 of their baskets and creels, which proposal he readily accepted, with this proviso, that ' they were all to fetch the articles to a cer- ; tsiu -nniTit: furrtiAr nionp^L wlmra lifi intendftrl. resting for the day. The said point was a ,flat of tangly grass in front of the McCul jlocb.87 cottage^ and McS weeny's readiness will not be wondered at when it is ,known that his own trade, before turning police man, 'was basket- making. The spies of the supervisor had all been withdrawn in the morning, before lie had started for Edin burgh, so the coast was. quite clear for -McSweeny,,and (the birds not likely to be shy. It was quite a lonely spot, at the ex tremity of the hamlet, close to the beach, -and almost opposite the hoary Bass Rock, which, with its precipitous sides and flocks of screaming birds, rose abruptly out 'of the sea a few. miles off. (.Planting himself down in;a sheltered spot,' directly in front of the cottage, the fiery faced, ragged idoMng basketmaker set to work upon the articles brought to him,.and soon had aknot of idlers gathered in a circle about him. Tb4 , various little jobs were \ executed with wonderful «xpertness ; but the price demanded so jarred upon the feel ings of the economical fishers that the rush of custom soon dwindled away, and very speedily he found himself deserted by ail but one, and that one was the last who had joined the group — a powerf ul-lopkingf ellow, in fisherman's rough trousers and blue shirt, lazily smoking in the cold sunshine, and eyeing McSweenys movements in grim silence. The man was Tom McCulloch; the elder of the two brothers — as McSweenv had guessed by seeing him emerge from the suspected den. At first he had eyed the basketmaker with lowering suspicion — then, he had relaxed a little at the voluble wrangle between McSweeny and the fisheis' wives about the price of the repairs on their creels — and finally had continued to eye the dirty tramp in thought ful silence after every one else was gone. M'Sweeny took out his pipe, grunting audibly against 'the thunderin' chates of the world that ud ax a man to work for nothing and provide his own stuff ;' and fliiati »f+*»r ?feali'noriTi Ins T»rv»lrot ftvr a mo+f»J» and being disappointed as naturally as possible, he turned to the one lounger, for a touch from his pipe or a light from his fire. To his surprise it was at once tendered, and after a lot of roundabout talk he got at the secret of the conciliation. ' Could you do a little job for me ?' said M'Culloch, with -assumed indifference — 'I mean if I was to pay you your own price, and let you sit inside the house while you doit?' : ' Will a hungry man ate ?' cried M'Sweeny, with real alacrity. ' Av cporse I will — as many as ye like. What is it, now, that ye want done?' ' Come in and Til show you,' was the ' cautious reply, and, after helping him to gather un his stuff and tools, the man led the way in through the cottage to a back - , room, where M'Sweeny was lowered upon for some niinutes by an ugly old hag and the other brother Jim, till his conductor reappeared with a long narrow basket filled with crossbars, like a bottle basket, but only capable of holding one long row. JVPSweeny stared at the queer thing with deep interest and real curiosity, conscious that the smuggler was watching and read ing every one of the expressions flitting over his face. « Well, what the divil's that thing for, if a body may ax?' he broke out at last, taking the queer long basket in his hand and examining ^it closely. u Faugh ! it stinks like an ould haddie, or worse — like . a fish- wife. Do you keep id soakin' in the salt say ?' 'Never mind What it's for-^say for car ' But get the holes in it mended as fast as you like.' '. | fc' Ye've been tfyin' yer hand at that yer silf ,' remarked M'Sweeney, with a twinkle of the eye, as te noted the patches here and there with bits of twine and fishing net. ' Was some of the eggs tumblin' out at the bottom ?' ' Yes, you've just guessed it.' 'Oh, well, it's a quare thing intirely. Why, the two parts put together make it nearly as long as a boat.' The words were simply uttered, as M'Sweeney often afterwards stated, and as I can readily believe ; but they caused in stantaneous and visible consternation in the queer nest into which he had dropped. The brother sitting moodily by the fire started to his feet with an oath, and turned fiercely upon M'Sweeny, while the old hag looked nO 11 BUC bUIUU JLULVO DjJO.1/ YOUUUl UU tXUIX enough to burn him up on the spot. McSweeny saw. by the glare of the six Byes that he had made a slip, though quite unconsciously, and, like most blunderers, he proceeded to flounder deeper in the mire in the vain endeavor to smooth the thing over. « What did you mean by that ?' breathed out the elder of 'the,. brpthers- I wilh j» cold i distinctness-that -made McSweeny shiver at. the heart and wish himself well out of the ? house. ????' ' ..? ' 't ?: '??? ??- :;; '.-?-'' 'Saint Patrick J- what ud ye have me say?' blurted out McSweeny; 'its as long as a boat |f it^-was hung outside — in the wather, §re knoiw-^-but that's not what ' itfs for, I can see. More be' token, it's for houldhV bottles in — rrf'L _ , l.: / ' - 'A sharp path from the brothers stopped his voluble speech ; and then he heard them consult with their heads close in hurried whispers, while the TrVords; 'Kick him out, aiid tell him to leave the frtace' at once,' ' No, strangle him ; he knows too much,' did not help to enliven his spirits. Still, he would shove his unlucky tongue in,.right . or wrong — . . i' Ye see 'there's no use of us quarrelliu' about a trifle like that,' he smoothly re marked, putting on an innocent and uncon cerned face. ' Ye've towld me the basket's for carry in': eggs in, and I believe it. I suppose ye gather them' out at the Bass Hock there, where the birds are flyin' wild in thousands !' ... Singularly enough, the, blundering re mark appeared to utterly petrify the whole three. They stared at McSweeny in abject dismay and terror, as if it was now their turn to fear. ' There's something about the Bass Rock that touches them,' thought McSweeny, with quick intelligence. 'I'll try them with that again.' . 'WIk) — who told you about the Bass Rock?' stammered Tom McCulloch, at last finding his voice. 'I thought you were a stranger in the place.' ' i So I am— and hope to the Lord I'll keep so,' fervently returned. McSweeny. 'My own opinion is that all the people in the place are mad. But about the Bass Rock — I've heard often of it, though I've never been there. There!s a power of holes in it, I suppose, for the birds to make nests iu and put their eggs in ; and some of 'em — so I've heard — are worn into caves big enough to hold a dozen men.' The brothers exchanged dark looks ; the whispering was resumed even more ex citedly than before, and' then the elder brother turned to McSweeny with a hoarse laugh — . ' Some one has been having a little fun at your expense, I'm afraid/' he remarked, with ill-disguised, uneasiness. ' Fve been all my days about this quarter, and all round the Bass as often as there are hairs in my head, and I never saw a single hole or cave about it.' ' 'D'ye mane to say I'm a liar?'. cried McSweeny, in pretended rage, anxious to g&t; out of the place. 'I say there's holes — thousands of holes — in that Rock — there !' , ! The brothers exchanged glances. - -? . ] ' He wants kicking ouf-atthe door,' re marked the younger. ' What's that ye saj ?' yelled McSweeny at the pitch of his voice, dashing down his tools and stuff, whipping off his crowiiless hat, and spitting into his hands with a mad. caper in the air. ff Whoop, hurroo ! It's a fight ye want! Come on— the three uv yes!' and the wild-looking Irishman. went . bobbing over the cottage floor like an india rubber ball, squaring out defiantly at each of them by turns. . ? For a moment the brothers shrank before the great walloping fists and the heavy tackety boots; — one stamp of which would have crushed their toes to jelly ; and then sidling round and watching their oppor tunity, they closed on the seeming madman with a rush, and bore him struggling, and yelling towards the door— now held open by the old woman. With a run they had him over the thres hold ; and then one of their toes flew f or ward, 'arid sent him with terrific impetus forward on the grass. ' There's holes ! ye murdering thaves ; there's holes in thousands ' shouted M'Sweeny, as if anxious for the last word. willows right in his face from inside' the cottage door — he went back flop on the grass again — and the cottage door was banged to with the savage' words— ' Go and seek them then !' M'Sweeny looked round through the deepening twilight— saw that he was alone on the green — and speedily scrambled to his feet, and snatched up his stuff and tools. ' Go and seek them ?'. he echoed, with a soft laugh to liimself .' ' By japers ! that's the very thing 111 be after dqin' this minute,' and like a swift shadow, he glided off — along the shore — and up the quiet road leading to the house of the supervisor. ' We received him with open arms, and while he was refreshing himself after his hard work, listened to the minute account of all he had done, seen, and heard. But the moment he mentioned the u holes in the Bass Rock,' and the excitement and alarm of the brothers, the hands of Mr. Eadie came lugetuer iiu.e a suoi, ma wuuie iace ueaineu with joy and delight, and springing round the table he seized M'Sweeny's hand and worked it in pump- handle fashion as if he was indebted to my chum for life. ' ' I've got at the mystery now,' he cried, turning to me. ' But to make sure of not being laughed at this time, I will visit the hide alone— runless you feel inclined for a row on the water ?' ' Are you going to the Bass Rock ?' I asked, with a twinkling eye. 'lam.' . ' Then Til go with vou,' said I. 'And so will I,', echoed McSweeny. ' Begorra, I'd like to see them same holes he talked so much about:; it's my belief there's something in them he was frightened about, and not birds' eggs either.' l^eaving the dining-room, w.e were con ducted by Mr. Eadie to a bedroom at the back, where he produced three heavy suits, such as are worn by the coastguard, and in these we attired ourselves amid much laughing and joking. McSweeny in par ticular appeared to draw a kind of tarry inspiration from the seafaring garb, and strutted before the mirror, offering to shake hands with himself ; hitching up his trou sers in sailor fashion, and airing all the scraps of sea lingo at his command. 'Belay there, and tip us your flipper,' he cried to his reflection in the mirror. 'Fetch me a marlingspike, and throw the painter overboard, pots and all. Ahoy — ah-o-oy! Heave the lead, while I run aloft and brace up the helm ;' and the fiery face worked itself into a purple glow over . imaginary sailors' attitudes. ' Are you com-ing ?' I bellowed in his ear, tugging him back by the nape of the neck. 'Ay, ay, yer honor,' he said, starting round, with seaman-like alacrity! and, with a clumsy, burlesque of a kailor^ ' iujgf and scrape, 'Ahoy I all hands ,on. deck, for the. ships engine's afire, and there's six feet water /in the captain's hold I Begprrie, Jamie, I ought to'lihve^been a sailor— -it's myself that could tip i'd off.' -, But I was off, out of the house, and- fol lowing Mr. Eadie, by a quick cat across the fields tb the part of the shore where his own boat lay. moored. The wind was rising, too, and I had to stoop and fight with it to Keep up with the supervisor's erectfigure. Down at the shore, I found that McSweeny had kept up with me noblyf but was nov^ eyeing the rough sea rather ruefully. : ' Hadn't I better stay on shore here, and watch that the devils .don't interfere with ye, Jamie?' he suggested, with palpable fear, as he saw us rocking in the boat. 1 ' No ; you go with us/' Isharply returned. ' In with you, quick — you know you should have been a sailor.' ?- \ 'True for you,' he returned, quite elated with the flattery,, and jumping in at once. ' Ahoy ! Ahoy ! Tip us your flipper^ — ' ' Stop ; you said that bit before,' I hoarsely shouted in his ear, tugging dowa my hat to save it beingpswept away by the 'wind. But McSweeny had now recovered his courage and his devilment, and finding that the motion of the boat was steadier off the shore, he started to his feet with a wild whoop, frantically waving his sou-wester over his head. : ' Hurroo ! all hands to the anchor !— brace the stern sheets to the topgallant — hard up ! ease her off — three sheets in the wind ! aho-o-6y !' ' Fool ! sit down, unless you' want to cap size the boat, and sent us all down as food to the fishes,' I snappishly cried; but the injunction was hardly needed, for before the words were out of my mouth a lurch of the boat took the feet from McSweeny, and sent him sprawling backwards all his length in the boat; and when he got himself gathered together it was found that the sou'-wester lent him by Mr. Eadie was gone. ' Hi ! hi ! man overboard !' shouted the irrepressible M'Sweeny, rubbing his bumped skull with one hand, while he waved the other above his head to an imaginary crew. ' Man the lifeboat, ahoy !' Presently his cries became'more subdued, and at last, to my astonishment, they ceased altogether. Looking round,. I found him anxiously examining the gunwale of the boat, doubtless to see that it was all right. I spoke to him, but a groan was the only reply ; and then I saw his two- hands grasp the gunwale, and his head go further over the side, as if he was preparing ior a tre mendous 'header' down among the fishes. I shouted again, using one of his sea phrases to try and rouse him/ but a spasmodic movement -- of the lower extremities now showed that McSweeny was. too far gone to give a verbal reply. We had reached the caves in the Bass Ropk before he looked up, and then his face was pitiably white and woe-begone. ' Oh, Jamie, I'm bad, badi' he groaned out. ' I think the dinner disagreed wi' me ; let's get out on firm ground — the bare rock, or anything — for the rockin' of tha1; boat has quite taken the heart out of me.' Our exploration was both rough and un pleasant, and lasted a good deal longer than we had anticipated. Fortunately, we had taken the precaution to bring a good supply of lights with us; and at last, in the largest and deepest of . the wet holes, we came upon a neap of stones and gravel that flashed' suspiciously under the strong glare. A few kicks and a vigorous scraping with our hands brought us to something bulky and smooth ; and then McSweeny, leaning forward over our shoulders with the light, showed us that we had discovered — three kegs of brandy ! Had the cave only been high enough, I believe Mr. Eadie would have danced and leaped with joy. ' Let's lift them into the boat and take them ashore with us,' he suggested ; but almost before, the words were spoken we heard the sudden grating of a boat on the rock without, and then the voice of a man shouting out — ' Fool ! put out that light.' 'It's Tom M'Culloch!' whispered the supervisor, trembling with excitement, and dashing put the light in an instant. 'What could have been more lucky? They have started, as usual, from different points, to avoid suspicion, and he tthinks his. brother is in here.' The crunching of a man's heel on the rock at the mouth of the cave put an end to the whisper, and then- we heard him groping his way in towards the spot on which we stood. 'Where are you, Tom ? Have you seen any of Eadie's men abroad?' he said, speaking into the thick darkness. 'Un- hook the baskets from the keel of your boat, and we'll fill the bottles and be off. Hullo ! D ? n !' We were upon him with one great grapple, struggling, twisting, and shouting, till he was down on the wet rock, pinned, helpless, trith McSweeny snapping a pair of hand cuffs on his wrists. ' Then McSweeny coolly assumed the sou' wester of his prisoner and helped to bundle him into the boat, into which Mr. Eadie and niyself threw ourselves to tow him round to the other side of the Rock, there to moor him and the boat out of harm's way while we should try to secure his brother, whom we expected every minute to appear. The task was by no means an easv one, owing to the difficulty of finding a fit mooring place ; and while we were gone, strange doings were taking place in the cave we had left. McSweeny, left alone in the dark to watch the kegs till our return, would have consoled himself with a smoke, but he had been strictly com manded not to strike a light. Nothing, however, had been said against whistling, and so whistle he did, both loudly and shrilly, till the grating of a boat outside frtln lum ft a list 4-n/\mvn^ r\f *'v«»^» «rt4-»».»»t ' Are you there, Tom ?' cried the new comer, fastening up his boat- against the rock, passing over towards McSweeny, and then stopping to listen. 'Yes,' grunted McSweeny, in the hoarsest tones he could assume. ' Well, there's the augur and the jug and the spill's inside of it ; take them till I un hook the baskets with the bottles.' Some articles were handed through the darkness, which McSweeny mechanically grasped and laid on the floor of the cave ; and then McSweeny saw the smuggler lie down on his belly close to the boat and slowly and laboriously unhook from the keel the identical long baskets that he had been asked that afternoon to repair — with this difference, that every crossbar now guarded a bottle*. 1/f H£ Jhagjii^Ubpjke «4a^flOT)Mintl himsejtf shara,!' chuckled the newcomer, as he raised himself, from -the water's redge, . ' but, with aUEis sharpness, it'll be1 long ere he looks here for the stuff. ''Wpnt^ ?' k ; McSweeny -1M ^iidt^de^^ answer,* but grunted to the best of his .ability, wishing heartily for our return.' As ill-luck %6uldf have it, in grasping the end ot :tjie'qu6ei ^ basket he let it slip from his hand§, and was greeted with a storm of oaths from the. smuggler. ' ,- . . ? ? . . . *. 'Curse you! you're drunk!' cried thei enrage d new-comer. ' You've been : at the j kegs already, swigging away as hard aS you' could eversince you, came !' , ... -f ,^ - : 'Holy Moses! did a man ever hear: the- like? and. I-haven'-t-tasted-a- blessed drop since I landed !' cried McSweeny, in^iiis strongest brogue, quite forgetting himself, as he again felt the weight of the smuggler's foot behind him; arid then, with a great stout of surprise and amazement, t^iaotner was on him, and the two g'rappied* . in '?a ' djeadly embrace., -.; ; ' V ' At the same moment our boat rounded the Rock, and we shot in towards the cave just as the two went toppling forward r into the water. There was a' great Splash' and shout ; but after a moment or two McSweenys head appeared alone, bobbing distractedly in the water, as he made des^ perate efforts to catch the edge of our boat. : 'Give us a lift in, Jamie!' he panted, clinging wildly to the gunwale, 'or, by japers, the world '11 lose by it.' ' Say f flipper' — say 'tip usyourjflipper,' or I shan't do it,' I mischievously shouted, as I bent forward, and then in a wild torrent he poured forth his entire stock of 'sea lingo. — - ! Tugging him sharply into the boat, we set about searching for the missing smuggler ; .. but he had dived and come up at a , safer , spot, from which he had found some means of escaping; for he was afterwards heard of from the other side of the Atlantic as being both alive and hearty. Trundling the three kegs into the boat, and mooring the other to it, we rowed round to where we had left the smuggler arid boat first captured. To . our amazement, both boat and man were, gone! : 'While we've been fooling about the cave and rocks looking for the second he has dived, swum round, and' helped off the other,' cried the supervisor, in deep chagrin. 'Never mind; we've, got the stuff, and we'll easily secure them to-morrow.' ; Thus consoling himself, he Towed us ashore, McSweeny now loudly lamenting tpiathe had not only lost his sou'-wester, but a pair of good handcuffs into the -bar-' gairir : ,...- .., _ . I Next morning the whole place was hunted through, but the- brothers had shown a clean pair or heels, arid tile iiother, of course, could not well be pro-' ceeded against. But the detection and fright was quite as effectual as if they had been caught and imprisoned^ and, so far as I am aware, there has not been another case of the kind in the locality since. Of course, McSweeny has always taken to himself the whole credit of his superior sagacity in discovering the secret store of the smugglers. : 