NEWS BY THE MAIL. (Compiledfrom late English papers:) Advices from India tend to confirm the belief that Lord INapier of Magdala will be succeeded as Commander-in-Chief by Lieut-General Sir Frederick Haines. The dairymen of Ohio are stated to be preparing to manufacture a cheese to weigh 29,0001b. (nearly 13 tous), the cost of which is expected to be about 18,000 dollars. This is to be shown at the Cen tennial Exhibition at Philadelphia in 1876. The New York Times announces the marriage at Toronto, of Professor Goldwin Smith to Mrs Bolton, ' the widow of Judge Bolton, of theEniglish Bench. Miss Charlotte Cushman, the great American actress, is seriously ill from cancer, and it is feared that she M ill not recover. The Rev. Isaac Hanks, for many years minister of the Independent Chapel, Silver-street, Malmesbury, fell down dead in his pulpit on Sunday night, Oct. 24, just as he had given out his text, which was, "But man-dieth and wasteth away; yea, man giveth up the ghost, and where is he ?" It has been decided thatTLondon Bridge should be widened so as to give room for an additional line of vehicles on the bridge, the width of the pavements for foot passengers being also increased from 8 feet to 11 feet on each side. The estimated cost of this improvement is £55,000. Mr Alderman Cotton has been elected Lord Mayor of London for 1875-76, in place of the present occupant of the civic chair, Mr D. H. Stone, whose term of office expires in the beginning of November. A trial of some new patent hydraulic machinery from Sir William Armstrong's factory has been made upon the turret ship Thunderer, at Spithead. The ma chinery causes to revolve a gun-turret weighing about 330 tons, elevates, de presses, loads, and moves the guns in and out. The experiment is reported to have been eminently satisfactory in its results. M. Jean Engelmann, the inventor of chromo-lithography, has died at Paris at an advanced age. It is stated that a son of Mr Sims Reeves will shortly make his first appear anse as a tenor vocalist. Mr Sims Reeves has another son, who is reported to have an excellent baritone voice. Commodore Hoskins, newly appointed to the Australian command, has received instructions to report on a new system of packing biscuit in tins, by which means it is anticipated it will be preserved from deterioration, and be more palatable. A monument has just been erected over the grave of the Rev. Thomas Binney, in Abney-park Cemetery. It is a small obelisk on three graduated plinths, in red granite, with the inscription--"In loving 4 memory of Thos. Binney, born at New castle, April 19, 1798; died in Loil February 24, 1874. 'I shall be satisfied when I awake in Thy likeness.' " A Newcastle barman, named Fox,' has been sentenced to eighteen months' im prisonment for having bribed a telegraph messenger, and thereby obtained from him information which the lad had. no right to disclose as to the results of cer tain races. The Rev. T. F. Nathan, recently Con gregational minister at Wrexham, has been received into the Church of England and appointed to a curacy in Radnorshire by the Bishop of St. David's. 