'THE pride OE THE CORE Y N S . BY MBS. G. UNN.F.U5 BANKS, AUTHOR OF " GOD'S- FROVIDENCE HOUSE." " STUNG TO THE QUICK," ETC. IV —ORE A II. A fortnight later Dr. Hnwley rodo out to the Ilall. It was purely a friendly visit, so he said; but ere he went away he asked his host how ho was progressing in his search for a legitimate heir, adding that a friend of his, a Captain Hudson, of the barque Adelaide, would readily undertake any commission in further ance of that end in the mother'country. Mrs. Walcot bridled up, and Matthias, reddening, answered stiffly, " Thank you, doctor, but I can manag6 my own business with out the intervention of straugers. I need no reminder of my duty. A sea captain is scarcely the person to institute inquiries of this nature." " Perhaps not," assented the doctor dryly, with a peculiar smile, as he took his departure, much like one who has but done half his errand. Had their voices wafted to Cuffy through the open casement, that ho should quit the jasmine he was pruning by the portico to hurry to the avenue ? Whether or not, he stopped the pony under shadow of the large trees, and whispered earnestly and mysteriously : "Dr. Hawloy, you good man; you lub ole massa. llira spirit angry; all de Corbyn spirits angry. Last night Dinah dream — dream of Massa Charlie. Me wet an' white upon tho steps; he ask to come in, and Massa Walcot shut the door — an' Death corno in instead ! Doctor, dcrc be nudder Corbyn somewhere, an Massa Waicot no try to find him ; an' spirits hefry angry. Cuffy work Obeah c'nnrra to- Bight, to keep de evil doom from de black boys and girls dat lub ole Massa Corbyu 1" " I would advise you to have nothing to do with Obeah, Cuffy. It may breed ill-feeling and do mischief," said tho doctor, as Cuffy loosened his hold of the reins, and Sambo cracked his whip. In Corbyn Ilall Wood, remote from the Ilall itself, closo by a mountain streamlet which ran down to join the river, was a bubbling boil ing spring. The spot was lonely and sequestered, shadowed by the palmetto and tho manchineol. Gourds and squashes trailed along the ground and bid the iguana, the. green lizard, and the spotted toad. No pine-apple or banana grew beside it j no seaside grape spread its branches low to the ground, hanging thick and ruddy clusters under every branch, glossy with leaves of.green ; but all that was dark or rank grew there. \--It was a dismal spot. Yet hither dusky forms came stealthily in the middle of the night to watch and share with Cuffy in the dread rites of Obeah incantation. To his fellows he was known as a Mandingo priest, and the hold he had on their superstitious souls was strong and terrible. His hut was near at hand, and in this weird corner of the plantation had he been wont to concoct healing balms, philtres, and the yet more potent Obeab, whose spell, wrought in secret, was supposed to work in secret, and set human skill and science at dcfinnco. Dinah was there — a fitting priestess of these mysteries— and Dan and Scipio, and Chloc and Cassy, with others whose names are unrecorded. There was a fissure in the grouud closo to the boiling spring. To this Cuffy applied a light, and instantly a jot of flame shot up, and the poor dupes bowed down to the firc-spirit. From a hollow tree was produced an iron pot. Half j filling this from the boiling spring, it was suspended on a triangle of sticks over the natural naphtha flame, and the weird rites began. There was a low monotonous chant in a strange tongue, a dance around tho seething pot, which in the lurid light was half demouiac ; and Cuffy, 6waying to and fro, muttered words unknown even to his confederates, as one by one ho threw into the pot snakc-wood from tho trumpet tree, sap from the deadly manchincel, a snake cuoumbcr, the poisonous sandbox leaves and rings, a living lizard and a toad, a turtle's egg, tho root of a eat's-blood plant, a bat, a young owlet, a dead man's hair, pernicious scum from Long Fond, andother.venomous ingredients with and without a name. , "It was a horrible compound — a deadly poison; and as it bubbled in the pot, white teeth and eyes gleamed out from midnight faces, hideous from their own imaginings. The charm wrought out, the mixture poured into a calabash bottle and closely stopped, the rofuse buried in the ground, tho pot restored to the hollow tree, the magic flame extinguished with wet sand, Cuffy dismissed his impish brood to their huts, and bore away his revolting decoction, to bo buried the ensuing night under the threshold of the Hall. The doom hanging over Corbyn would then fall upon the fated mortals who should step across it fir6t ; and thus, Obeah satisfied, his followers would be protected. De sure thore wero early risers among the initiated, and sharp eyes to watch the threshold under ban, and warn off uuwary footsteps. Mr. William Walcot was the first to leave the house; but months went by, and still he came and went healthily and haughtily, in syito of Obeah ; and ho was more frequently at tho Hall than his father or Stephen liked, the Folly being his home proper. The father considered that Will interfered too much on the plantation, to the neglect and detriment of his shipping agency ; while Steve, aware of the comparative proximity o f tho Ilall to the Parsonage, regarded him as a dangerous rival. The fact was that tho elder of tho twain had ' determined most fraternally to " cut his brother out " of the favour of Miss Wolferstone, if the clergyman's rich and lovely ward had any leas ing in that direction, and altogether comported himself as if be were his father's natural and cortain successor on the estate. But Mrs. Walcot sickened : an inexplicable disease, which caused her lower limbs to swell painfully, marred her enjoyment, and made her splendid mansion little better than a prison, although stately Augusta Wolferstone and lively Mary Fulton came like sunbeams now and again to brighten it up. Then Matthias grew aguish and shivery. Finally Steve, diverging from the wood-path on his way from the parsonage one Sunday at the hour when sun and moon looked each other in the faoe, fell over a fern covered boulder and broke his leg. Cuffy and Scipio, out after dark, on some occult errand, directed by his groans, found him lying amidst the rank vegetation, just over the spot where the Obeah refuse lay buried. " A coincidence," the old man observed to his com panion ; with tho addendum, " Sorry Massa Steve hurt; him best cane of bundle." Cuffy moreovor showed his sincerity by bind ing cooling herbs on the broken limb whilst Scipio ran for a litter, and by setting the said limb skilfully as a surgeen, long before Dr Ilawley could be found. Superstition regarded these untoward circum stances as so many visitations of warning or ad monition. Indeed, so freely did Barbadian society discuss tho Walcot succession to the Corbyn property by the light of Walcot ill-luck, that .Matthias found bis bed of roses invaded by gnats stinging worse than mosquitoes, to say nothing of the private thorns planted by con science under the rose-leaves From the morning when Dr. Ilawley eutered his office like a spirit of evil, to tell how his dead child's rest was disturbed by nightmare memories of Archibald's death-bed. The dying man had trusted him. He had ill- deserved that trust, lie had uot meant to defraud the heir, if there wa's one ; he had only been lukewarm in his efforts to fiud him. But was there one? He thought not ; and so advertising was only waste of good money. Besides, it might tempt some knave to worry bim with fictitious claims. However, some day ho would send Will or Steve to England to make inquiries ; and there was time enougth And so he tbied to salvo the conscience that would uot be salved ; especially a3 Dr. Hawloy now and then gave it an unexpected prick, and Cuffy and Dinah looked unutterable thorns. Tup rainy season had ulmost passed. Steve's leg was nearly well; bo could move about with tho help of crutches ; and Scipio had more than once driven him, very gently, over to the par sonage, to be especially petted, both by Miss Wolferstone and Mary Fulton, tho English parson's English. daughter. It was Will's turn to bo jealous. He could- not see why a broken leg and a pale face should bo so devilish attractive to a woman. They didn't attract him ; It went to his heart to see Augusta Wolferstone place the easiest cane-chair in the verandah ready for his brother, and ad just the softest cushions to his special need. He was exasperated, too, that business should keep him so much at the wharf, nud an accident clear the way for Steve to woo tbo girl in his absence. So persistent were his grumblings that Mr. Walcot, for the sake of peace, went back to his old office to lighten Will's labour and give him an occasional holiday. On one of theso days, William, who slept chiefly at the Folly during the wet season, .rode from Bridgetown to tho parsonage, calling in to see his mother on his way. Me there learned that Stephen, taking ad vantage of a fine day, had gone before him, and was then at St. Andrew's parsonage. This roused his domineering temper ; and with scarcely a civil word to his ailing and querulous mother, and a very uncivil cut with his riding-whip to the Creole groom who held bis horse, he set off nock-or-nothing, resolved tc trv whether he or Steve had the best of it be- fore the day was out. So vicious was ho in his brotherly love that he cut at his horse as if it 1 had been Stephen's self, and dismounted in fro t of the parsonage, little improved by seeing Steve on a couch under tho verandah holding a skein of purse-twist for Augusta, whilst Mary road aloud to both. Ilis first remark was a sneer at his disabled brother's womanish occupation, his next a rude retort to Augusta's defence, of Stephen. A bad beginning this; and his consciousness that it was bad only paved the way for further discom fiture. Later in the day, he demanded, rather than solicited, a trtc-h-U'le conversation with Miss Wolferstone, and with little delicacy and loss tact urged his suit as one whose claims were imperial — urged it, too, as Steve's older brother, and heir to the Corbyn estate. Whatever claim ho might have had on the young lady's regard he lost in that interview. His rudeness and unbrothorly feeling were so palpable, she felt impelled to resent both. " I have no desire, sir, to marry the heirto the Corbyn or any other estate ; but I do choose to marry a gentleman. I must therefore decline tho honour of your alliance;" and she swept from the library as she spoke, without giving him a chance for another syllabic. Without a word of adieu to tho ladies he darted from the house, almost too impatient to wait for the saddling of his horse; certainly too much irritated to accept the genial invitation of Mr. Fulton to remain the night, even though the weather had changed, and tho rain was the rain of the tropics. A sane man would have remembered that previous rains had flooded lowlands, had swelled mountain runnels to rivers, and rivers to tor rents, and, eo remembering, have taken the safer high-r.oad by which he came, however circuitous. But he, blinded by passion, disappointment, and jealousy (had be not left his silken brother behind him ?), dashed homewards the near way, across Church River and through the wood. Over the bridge be went safely enough ; but when he reached the Corbyn rivulet, fed from Hiiggat's spring, he found his way stopped by a formidable stream rushing tumultuously on to wards Long Fond. In no mood to hesitate, he madly urged his reluctant animal to attempt the perilous crossing. lie must have cither missed the ford, or the horse lost its footing, and been carried down by the force of the water. His body was found the following day at the entrance to Long Fond, blue, swollen, and swathed in a shroud of the poisonous green scum of the pond. v. — on the wings of the wing. Once inore orders were given to open the Corbyn receptacle for the dead. The preparatory gun was fired into tho vault ; the brickwork was removed ; the door opened for ventilation, then for preparation ; and lo, the place was strewn with coffins and wrecks of coffins, skeletons and fragments of skeletons ; and old Archibald's black coffin lay across Laura Walcot's white one, which was itself dinged and battered aB if with heavy blows. Scared out of his senses, Dan ran, as the crow flies, with his strange tale to the mourners at the Hall. Incredulity faded before the fact. Matthias was staggered and terror-stricken. Tbo air was sultry even for sultry Barbadoes, and that left no time for fresh arrangements. The solemn ceremonial must proceed. The hearse bad reached 'the mausoleum be-' fore the disordered coffins conld be replaced, or the dtlbris collected and cleared into a vacant niche. Then, with many misgivings and intensified anguish, Matthias saw the white coffin of the unmarried youDg man deposited by the side of bis sister's, and the creaking door closed upon both. And as he and Steve, now his only son, were driven bapk to the Hall, he saw how great a horror bad fallen on the funeral guests one and all. Nor did the horror end there. Again scuffling, wild yells, and shrieks made darkness terrible for fire successive midnights ; and then the hauuted mausoleum sank to silence like a common grave. And now there was a lull. The calamitous storms of fate and the season seemed alike to have spent their fury. The earth was green, the sky was bright, and Matthias steadfastly put the past behind, him, refusing to look back. Like Pharoab of old, he hardened his heart, unwilling to " let go " his bold of CorbyD. Not so Stephen. His bumptious front lowered when bis sister was striokon down in the very midst of festivity. Old Cnfly's pro phetic warnings bad not fallen on deaf ears. He appealed to his father to remove the remains of sister and brother from the Corbyn mausolenm, and to take prompt step3 to find a living heir, if such existed. Matthias was obstinate ; so was he, and a little more con scientious. He conferred with Dr. Hawley. Judge bis surprise to find that the Captain Hudson, whose services his father bad rejected with so much asperity, had eight years before picked up at sea a woman lashed to a spar, who sup posed herself the sole survivor of the Mer maid, in which husband and son bad both gone down. The Mermaid's destination had been Barbadoes, and the woman's name was Corbyn. Shortly after, happening to hail a passing schooner, the Boyno from Cork to Bristol, he transferred the rescued lady to that vessel, his own barque being outward bound. " And, my young friend, as you appear .anxious to see justice done," added the doctor, "I may tell you I have already guaranteed Captain Hudson his expenses in the prosecu tion of a search for that lady." A hearty band-shake at parting sealed a cordial agreement between the twain, and Steve set off for the parsonage with a lighter heart than had been his for many a day. The season rounded, bringing with it a prospect of Steve's marriage with Miss Wol ferstone when their term of mourning ex pired. Long before that, fresh sables were cnlled for. Mr3. Walcot's unaccountable disease, ag gravated by grief and her exclnsion from society, bad terminated fatally. An altercation again arose between father and son respecting the place of sepulture. It ended in orders for the opening of the mauso leum under Mr. Walcot's own eye. The sight he beheld was enough to chill his blood ; but it never turned him from his pur pose. Scientific men discussing the pheno mena had talked of gaseous forces ; but he spoke only of .conspiracy among his black , slaves to bend his will to theirs. Again the battered and broken coffins were replaced, and the fragments hid out of sight ; again he laid his dead among tho Corbyu dead. Again tho Corbyn dead arose at midnight to protest against intrusion ; again the night was hideous with discordant cries ; and, as if the free spiritB of the air were leagued with the captives in that tomb, the rising wind howled and shrieked in unison. Fiery Barbadoes conld not remember more oppressive weather. The louring clouds, the stifling heat, the sultry heavy atmosphere had boded tempest, and at midnight came down the rain in sheets driven by a breeze from the north-east which grew and strength ened. to a tremendous gale. Then there was a treacherous calm, and then suddenly the winds ran riot ; and from three to five o'clock mad hurricane swept tho island from end to end, flashing lightnings forth to trace destruction by. Daylight broke on August 11th, IbOl, upon ruin and desolation. Houses and huts were blown down, Selds laid waste, trees uprooted, valleys inundated. - Wreck strewed the coast. The Government House was unroofod, the Custom House blown down, churches were damaged ; the verdant paradise was a wilder ness. Amidst the general wreck, Corbyn had not escaped ; yet the Hall itself stood firm, though the windmill sails and cap were torn to shivet'3. But the Walcot House at the Folly had dissappeared, and with it much valuable property. The coast had its black chronicles. A ship had been driven on the rooks in Long Bay, and only one of her crew was washed ashore. He was the second mate, a fine young man with light wavy hair, straight nose, ample forehead, and blue eyes. Ho had been borne on the crest of a wave, and caBt on a rock with just strength left to scramble a few yards beyond the range of the Bwooping billows, and to thank God for his miraculous preservation. Ho was bruised, ragged, and destitute ; yet in the universal ruin his wants were all but disregarded. A compassionate nogross gave him a draught of rum. and a' piece of corn- cake, but her own huthvas dismantled, and shelter was far to seek. On all sides he saw desolation and trouble. Dispirited, he turned to the highway, in hopes of gaining a shelter before nightfall. Some unseen hand led him in his helpless friend- lessness to take the road William Walcot had traversed in his frenzy. Now, as then, the little stream was swollen to a great one ; but the sailor was a good swimmer, and having daylight to his task, crossed in safety where the other lost his life. The path through Corbyn Wood was blocked in places by fallen trees, which made his progress slow and perilous. There was no lack of seattGred cocoa-nuts and other fruit to stay his hunger, but night foil as he slept the sleep of exhaus tion on an uptbrn tree-trunk. He wa3 awakened by loud shrieks. Fob lowiug the sound, he emerged from the plan tation on to the open road, and soon reached a low windowless building,' across which a large sand-box, tree had fallen. As he nearod it the shrieks were overpowered by loud hurrahs, which somehow made his chilled blood tingle with a sensation akin to a shudder. People like himself, caBt adrift by tho hur ricane, were on the else-avoided road. In answer to his questions, he was told that the nearest habitation was Corbyn Hall, and that low domed edifico, the haunted mausoleum of ' the Corbyns. "Corbyn ? " echoed the sailor, " did yon say Corbyn? My tame is Corbyn, and I have an uucle Corbyn living in Barbadoes ! " " Was your ancle's name Archibald ?" asked a passing gentleman on horseback. "Yes; aud my name 13 Archibald. My lather's name was Charles." " Is not your father living ? " " Alas, no. He was drowned in tha wreck of the Mermaid, on his way to Barbadoes, when I was only twelve years old." " H'm ! And where were you at the time, young man ? " " Shipwrecked. too, sir, and my mother also. I clung to a hencoop, and was picked up half dead by the captain of the Boyne." And your mother ? " " She too was mercifully saved, as I have been this day; but as Providence willed it, the captain who had picked her up sent her aboard to ns, his own vessel being bound on a long voyage ; and we bad reason to be thank ful for it, or we might never have met again in this world. But" — impulsively — "are you my unole, sir ? Y"ou ask so many questions." "No; Archibald Corbyn has lain for eigh teen months in yonder tomb. Bat I kuew him well. I see you are in a sad plight, and in no condition to walk a long distance ; so I recommend you to present yonrsolf at Corbyn Hall — no matter tho hoar at this awfM crisis. I do not suppose you will bo a very welcome visitor to Mr. Walcot. Executors seldom like to disgorge ; and if you can prove your iden tity ns old Archibald's nephew, you are heir to this estate, and my gentleman will have to turn out. In any case, should ho treat you as an impostor — as is not uulikely — any of tho old negroes, will give you food and shelter, if they have it. Your name will insuro thai." " I thank you, sir," was all that Archie in his weakness and bewildering whirl of emotions could utter, as he bowed and turned as directed towards Corbyn Hall. " Stay !" cried the stranger, wheeliug his horse round. "I am a clergyman and a magistrate — tho Rev. John Fulton, of St. Andrew's. There is my enrd. Show it. Should Mr. Walcot reject you, call upon mo to-morrow ; or upon Dr. Hawloy of Kissing Bridge, Bridgetown. Wo will see you aro not wronged. My business is urgent, or I would accompany you now." Bareheaded, barefooted, ragged, sea-stained, weary, footsore, and blooding from sharp stoues and sharper thorns, tho famished ship wrecked heir dragged himself slowly to Corbyn Hall, to sink exhausted on tho very threshold. There ho was found by over-wakeful Dinah, whose screams, " A ghost, a ghost ! " roused the whole tribe of woolly-heads from tho mats on which they slept — aud blown-down huts had filled houso and piazza to over flowing. "Massa Charlie's ghost ! " from a chorus of tongues reached the chamber whero Matthias i lay shivering with ague. Wutchful Stephen leaned over the balcony to seek the reason of the uproar. Quick as thought he was in their midst, supporting the fainting youth in his Btrong arms. Little need to ask his namo : tbo i likone33 to a pioturo in tho house told it with- out voice. Archie Corbyn was carried within ; and whilo Scipio was despatched post-hasto for 1 Dr. Hawley, he was restored, refreshed, and tended with an assiduity no Walcot had over been able to command. The previous day's hurricane had not created a groater commo tion than tho finding of the fainting sailor it had blown amongst thorn. Matthias Walcot, liowover, was. not disposed to receive Archie Corbyn on tho strength of a likeness and his own ipso dixit. He put upon him the onus of proof, in tho secret hopo (hardly confossod to himself) that difficulties might arise and his own position continue intact. At all events he would romain master in the interim ; aud — but that he feared a rising amongst bis slaves, beadod by his own son — so much wore his principles demoralised that, in the face of conviction, lie would have compelled Archie Corbyn to seek other quar ters until his rights were indisputably estab lished. Steve stood by the heir gallantly, though his coming did close the prospect of succession to a fine domain. So did Dr. Hawloy and the Rev. John Fulton, hi3 first adviser. Cuffy and Dioah worshipped him. But ho had no warmer champions than Mary Fulton and Augusta Wolferstone, with whom, no doubt, it was more a matter ot feeling than of legal . right. . Dr. Hawley and Steve had oponod their purses to him, and once provided with means he dressed and looked tho gentleman he was. Archie's first care had been to writo to his mothor, begging her to leave England for Barbadoes without loss of time, armed with all necessary credentials. Scarcely three weeks after tho despatch of this letter, Dr. Hawley sought Stephen Walcot at the wharf. In less than an hour Sambo was driving a party of four in tho doctor's phaeton asffast as tho unrepaired roads would permit. They alighted at Corbyn Hall. Archie Corbyu was at the parsonage. Steve was always glad of an excuse for a visit there. Resuming his seat, ho was whirled thither, carried off Archie without a word of oxplanation, aud loft tho young ladies excitod and curious. ' In the drawing-room of Corbyn Hall Archie found, to hi3 joy and amazement, his mother. With lier was Captain Hudson, to whom he waB indebted for her appearance on the scene before his own missive was half way over the ocean.. The sea-captain had proved too good a seeker for Matthias Walcot, who sat there nervous and fidgety, with one arm restinir oa a side table, on which he kept up a spasmodic tattoo with his long finger nails. What furthor credentials were wanted than certificates of birth and tnnrriage, and magis terial attestations, aud Captain Hudson's tes timony ? Corbyn Hall was once moro in tho hands of a Corbyn, nud from Cuffy tho nows spread like an electric fiaiuo. Archie Corbyn was magnanimous. Setting Stephen's heartiness against his father's tardi ness (he called it by no woi'30 name), he offered both a home until their own house at the Folly could be rebuilt; and bo did not call on his executor to refund the monoys so lavishly expended out of tho Corbyn coffers. Yet Matthias had another bitter draught to swallow before ho returned to his shipping- agency and to the Folly. The midnight outcry at tho mausoleum had never ceased since Mrs. Walcot was laid therein. The hurricane had torn away the newly plastered brickwork, and now it sounded as if heavy hands were beating the door down. , Dinah took care that Mrs. Corbyn sfiould not remain uninformed ; and ancient Cutty gave to Archie his version of the mystery with fervid impresBiveness. "It Cuffy's 'pinion, massa, dat Massa Aroh'. bald nebber rest till dem Waloots be cleared i out. Him berry proud ob him pure white blood, an' dem Walcots hab got berry mixed , I blood under their white skins." j Archie toek counsel with his friends, Steve among the rest. The result was tho removal of the Walcot coffins to a vault in St. Andrew's churchyard. They were found, Btrange to relate, wedgod together close to tho door by the coffins of Archibald and Jaraio Corbyn. Qaiot fell on tho mausoleum after that — a quiet in nowise disturbed when, after the lapse of some three or four years, the elder Mrs. Corbyn was placed thore reverently by her son. In saying the elder Mrs. Corbyn, it must be understood that when, proud of her generous lover, Augusta Wolferstone gave herself and her money to Steve Waloot, Archie Corbyn took to wife witiiout a fortune the fair English girl, Mary Fulton, whose heart he had won as a poor shipwrecked sailor before it was proved that old Archibald was not the last of the Corbyns. Cuffy and Dinah lived te see slavery aboli shed in the West Indies, and to watch the toddling feet of moro than one young Corbyn, into whose undeveloped minds they did their best to infn3e tbo old Corbyn pride of race and pure blood. 