FUNNIMENTS. A crystal ghost—A glass -shade. Pressed for time—t-gypiiiin mummies. What time by the clock is the best for a pun ? A joke takes best -when it strikes one. Tub law does not require a warrant for you to seise an opportunity by which to do good. ;;It is all well enough to say, "Take thing* as they come;" but suppose they don't come ? . What is the difference between a lady's riding dress and a rabbit in its burrow? The one is a riding habit, the other a hiding rabbit. A Philadelphia woman swore that her hus band's conduct was enough to "irrigate an angel." "What did you hang that cat for, Issac?" asked the school-matron. The boy looked up, and, with a. grave look, answered, "For mowtiiiy, inarm; . An Indiana girl wanted to see if her lover really loved her,-and she got; a boy to yell "Mud dog!" as they were walking out. The lover flew over a fence and left her to be chawed up. ' - . _ A woman in New York says that when" her husband is a little drunk hekicks her, and that w-hen he is very drunk she kicks him; and sho adds that she does most .of the kicking." - _ " Please accept a lock of my hair," said an old bachelor to a widow, handing her a largo c"rH, "Sir, you had abetter give the whole m"'.\ ."Madam, youare very biting, indeed, considering that your teeth are porcelain." The husband who behayes unkindly to his wife deserves to have his house burnt over his head," said a domestic tyrant to a iady who knew all ahout him. "Then you ought to beep yours fully insured," was the lady's retort. . ' A New-Made minister, having occasion to marry a couple as his firBt official act, and thcro being " quite an assemblage present, he determined to strike them dumb with awe, and so, in winding up, he said, 111 pronounce you man and wife, and the Lord have merey on your sinful souls!" The Misery or- Short Sight.—"There! don't you see him? He's waving his handker chief, now," said a near-sighted but senti mental young lady to her companion, as they sat on the -hotel" balcony. ■ "Nonsense, stupid!" replied the other, "it's the: waiter boy shaking out the tablecloth after dinner." She fainted oh the .spot. ■ A HahtfoI!!) gentleman who had tarried late at a "ivine supper, found bis wife awaiting his return in a high state of nervousness. Said she, " Here I've been .waiting and rocking in a ehair till my head spins round like a top!" " Jess so where I've been," responded he: "it's in the atmosphere." ' ' • ' A Wrinkle tor Wives.—It is said to ho satisfactorily demonstrated that every lime a wifo scolds, her husband she adds a wrinkle to her face. It is thought that the announcement of this; fact-will have a most-salutary .eflect, especially as it. is undei-stood that every time a wife smiles oh her husband it will reinovo one ^ of the old wrinkles. ' How to Get Em . or Visitors.—A physi cian's wife, who :was borc-d -with visitors, re marked to her husband at Iho table, where a number of their self- invited guests were seated, "My dear, I was afraid the children would get hold of that leg you brought home from tho dissecting room.. last night, so.I- took it down - stairs with me, and that's it wrapped up in a towel en the sideboard there." Sho dines pretty much without company now. An old fellow in Trenton got his ear bored by a mule kicking him, andhe was continually annoyed hy his friends asking him what hail happened to him, so ho got a large card and • printed on it—" Got a bust in the snout by a mule, and this is written for the benefit of jackasses." All who ran in this locality could read, hut they didn't stop to comment on the accident much. An Awful Mistake.—A story is circulating in Otago which tells how a fair young lady went to a drug store, and told the man to fir her up a dose of castor oil, and to mix it with something to take the taste away. The man told her to wait. In a few moments ho asked her if sho felt like taking a glass of soda- water. She accepted the invitation and drank tho beverage. Presently she asked the roller of pills why he did not give her the castor oil. The m;i]) smiled a triumphant smile, and said, " Madam, you have taken it. I mixed a fear ful dose with that soda." She turned p;de; she sank into a chair: she gasped, " Imniortul 'Jove! it was for my mother." Lots ov Shavixo "Water. — A certain minister having become much addicted to ilrink, his presbytery hud to interfere and get the minister to sign the pledge. Tho result was that tho sudden reaction proved too much for him, and ho became- sn ill that ihc doctor laid to ho sent for. The doctor said ho must just begin anil take his toddy again. This the minister said .he could not do, as ho had taken the pledge. The doctor l-eplicd that lie might get a bottle or two quietly, and that nobodv but himself, the minister, and the housekeeper would know it. "Man," said the minister. " my housekeeper is worse than all the presby tery put together, so that would not do'." However, it was arranged that the doctor was to bring in the whisky and sugar, and that the minister was to make up the toddy in tho bed room with tho hot wator that ho got for shaving purposes in tho morning. The result was tho minister got speedily well, and one day, on going out, tho doctor said to thu minister's housekeeper, " Weel, Mar-mret your maister is quite himsel' again." "There's nae doubt about that, sir," she replied, "he's quite weel iu body; but there is sometliiii" gane far wrong wi' his upper story." " What's wrong there, Margaret?" asked'the doctor. "IVoll, sir, Idinna ken, hut ho asks for shuvin' water six or seven times i' the day." 