OLLA PODRIDA. The Ovens and Murray Advertiser believes that the soecond section of the oeeohworth' branoh line will be completed fully sit months within contract time which does not expire until March 31, 1877. The Bouth Australian Register undorstande that "a writ has boon issued, and is about to,bo served, on Mr. James White, J.P., for alleged fraud at a silo of waste lands by, auction on October 14 last," The Gorman Parliamont's opposition to Ptinco pismarok is considered to bo inoroea ing. They only voted a modified consent to the Pennl Code Amendment Bill, and, eonesdtcant : on the revolations male, the Mrpim 4JausQ W o rrjebted. man named Rixon has been arrested at Miryborough,' Quoonslsnd, on suspioloni of in murdered his wife. At thd police-' cohrt investigation held on. the 20th inst.,' hd, says the Brisbane Tle~jraph, "doelared' thit he saw the ghost 'of? the murdered wbman who deosoribed to him the manner 'ofheor death. He 'says he 'tlientold the p9liie,'and' hence he,was arrested.' The Baothorgle Noews says colonial and salet fever are very prevalent, but, hap py, thereareno fatal casesto report. She Corowa and Wah umiyahi " wiie store 'hs niot proved, i 'eocesis asy' the' Wahguri.' pl and Butherglon News, and is' now in, 'iuidation. .. Tho Learmonth oorrespondent of the Bal la at Star writes:-" Mr. G. G. Morton, of Labona, has just receiv~d a-cheque for £50 fr m Mr. W. J. Clarke, in aid-of: the fund foF making improvements ,,to; the Lake L armonth Axglioan.chureh, ,A Greek named Celovitch, was charged at Inglewood Geneiral Sessions with 'mali. cibusly wounding, and' discharged: on his o n recognisance,,an amicable settlement hiving been made with the prosecutor,: Charles Bennett,' a lad about fourteen 'y ars of. age, was found guilty of: unlawfully u?ing a horse, the property, of a selector; at pycheproof, and, was sentenced, to three wfeks in Maryborough gaol,. and. twelve months in the reformatgry school. tThe tpg Soduthnd .has returned t from Pr Stephens where she was sent .on count of blue lights being seen inithat drection, but no trace of a wreck or disabled .v sel was visible. Two men vusited the shop of Mr. $awm ,end, jiwe ler, King-stret, 'Sydiney, ,on .aesday last, seized a number of rings shown to. them;..lamtkdeca'eptd. A boy fllowed aqdgayp'thqm qlto ,cugtdy, SAn Inspector of Native Police at Bojsbane, Queensland, has been dismiiissed, and art. rested oh a charge of flogging'a native boy td death. .. ' aenry Osborne and BobiIRpberts, miners, w ri killed on Tuesday,aft rnoon at Clhei b' a fall pfa ,out &,hundre? tons of ,eath id No. 10" level in the Paddodk Mine. The, bbdies were recovered. Both men were, arried. A young man named Patrick'Powell had hihands drawn' in' by. a chaff-cutting. nachiie 'at Gerstman, and' Co.'s store,' at dortlake, and his right hand was severed feon the thnmb-joint right across.' He had to undergo amputation; ' A woman from Kangaroo Flat, Sandhurst, btought her daughter, a diminiutive crea. t4?re, aged about twelve yeairs; before his worship the mayor, and :stated that she' could do nothing with the girl.' "Although so young in years she was old in prcstitution. The mother had tried every' means in' her p wer to keep the child from ddlng 'wrong. bt all her, efforts had been fruitless. The gfrl presented a' wretched appearance. There, are now five cables, connqoting urope with America. Of these, three are, 1?i .:between. Newfoundland and Ireland; oe from,Blrqst (France) toDuxbury (Mass,), b ' wAy .f St. Pierre; and the , dirept cable r cently laid. The cables from Newfound land are about 1,000 miles :long,,,the direct ,oable 3,060 miles, and the French cable 3830, niles in lopgth. Cobb's stables, at Oakey Creeks Brisbane, oi the Stanthorpe road, were burned to the groisd: a' daylight on 30th March, 'it is '~tppobedd; b.: an indondiary. Five horses perished in tlloq a ,...,.... Edward Pre-scott, a woll-likown colonist, has been sentenced to two' years' imprison. nbent fdr obtaining money under false pro. ies fkom' Hart-.and "Co., millers, Adeli i One of'the most striking k objectq of the '?hiladelphi's'Exit1itibn Will' '1ie 'b a columni of 'boat 10(-ft. i height, to' be transported tp Philadelphia in sections from Tennessee. i The Rev. M. Dick, of Adelaide, has' been elected chairman of the. Congregational Union for the ensuing year. The Gippsland Mercury says it is our. `rpntly rumored in Sale that among other bequests.the late Mr. W. Taylor, of 'Wardrl gal Caeek, had left .£2,000 to the Gippsland HoSpital. hile o'prospecting Mulligan and party got 3-lb. weight of gold, all on the east side of the Hodgkinbon River. Large numbers of diggers and packers are leaving Cook. town. A temporary mail service will be immediately established. A deputation waited on the Colonial Secretary at Sydney, N.S.W. to ask his aid in passing a bill through the Legislature to close publichouses on Sundays. Mr. Robert. son declined to support the bill as it stood, but promised to aid in passing any, alter. ation to enable publicans who wished to closeo all day on Svnday. . The Governor at Sydney, in 'his speech at the opening of the Bathurst railway ex tension, contrasted: the 'slow progress of railway extension in this colony with' Vioe toria and America. 