,A .'X0 ROYAL SUPREMACY. -; G-oD SAYS Tfln QOfr'n." ' o dithe r of lAe gQaeensland Times., -, t l.? that bhe busybodies of the Legislative Co t tolod the ..intenely ignorant and bigoted Orbji e avg s .received, a gentlemanly and offcial og n tord.Cerarvon, will you kindly permit i aimiitbr of. the English Church, to say a few e .ý o th above heading. ; meeti gfor non.political purposes, espeoially oesesha mqptsugs, I myself-and therefore I j t tbhere might also-could most conscien S[lp.4tte.i and remain present, should the health of Ot pe? ?r the Archbishop of Canterbury, or the OPa hf Onstantinople, be proposed prior to that of 1?s ee.?eq. The Queen has nothing whatever to do'th.ttie CbOurob and therefore to propose her het?tli lV t at.OCnhurh' meetings is potting her out of her p?ope5.plsae. The Queen is supreme head of the St4e;. Te. Queeen is not the supreme bead of the Ch? rla-unit even suprome head of the Church of England. This statement will doubtless appear strange to masmymimbedeof the English Church, and to many "wholo?r y in their shame"-viz., whb glory in "their ProtbtantismnL " I know it is a very favourite weapon of iatiesn oontroversialists of the late Dr. Cahill and theapreseat Moisieur Capel stamp to say and write "Only thinktofae body of people calling themselves a Churchb' ith'an old womano or an infantas its supreme head. tpon earth I" And a great many zealous Chlrohmen, who have received a defective eelesiastical edaoation,'fdal into the trap, and seek all kinds of ingenious And ingenuous arguments to defend the position. If they will read what I have to say, and then iwerifymy statements for themselves, they will, focaefati? ro?bauh at any seob propositionsofVatican selismsatis.' One of the wvlgar errors which the his torida.has st tick egaitst almost daily is the belief that the-tinugor blneen'ise,by the law of England, head of :Oh burolr. ''Everyone who has'really studied the histylaf the e+itsehth b6ntary eieri in a superficial way;?rvewb e''wdho has so much as read the seventh volume'of'Pbelsde'e History, must know that no uc?c title'miodt:e 1Every~ e 'who has read the history, and hasgiven, a moment's attention to what he bhas read, masttorirthaat 'the title of "supreme head of the ChOrl?io'twssbmtoe by HeanrVIIi., Edward VI., and MTl*'t?irtt sewoe'laid down by Mary'; that it was ofUbre bIjPaeliaiment to Elicabeth, but refused by be;sand? t'hat no sovereign esines ary hai borne it. Th? belldfth;d the sovereign is "head of the Church" is there llgopularsnuperatitition, like the belief that a mal'msaysell his wife in a market, if he leads her therbto with a belter round her neck; or the belief that: tbe' "Royal samilny," whoever the Royal Family may be, are by law forbidden to marry subjects. Whe whole subject was exhaustively discussed by th? British House of Commons in April, 1869, in whsolipisousuion all the leading members-especially thewyers-tookaan active parts and it would have beeJ ogsing, .had it not been lamentable, to see the gros.ignpranee of history and law displa ed by many, an?.by none more than by the Caucasian champion of Prtlstasntism ; though whether Mr. Disraeli had reasj.mueaoeeded in bambooeling himself as well as other people.on the subject, or was simply laughing in hi.looroat the bombastic rot he uttered, must remain a ,mystery.' Dr. Ball also distinguished hlimself by two jpeecbbs on the subject, which were nothing but " Blackstone." He seemingly never thought of look ing jt the statutes for himself. He never thought of rng the present royal style with the royal style of y, of Edward, and of the earlier part of Mary's i. was enough for him that his teet-book, o lasetone" mentions the statute of Henry VIII., whi?heonferred the title, and leaves out the fact that thatdtatute was repealed under Mary, and that that pait of it which conferred the title was not revived un~or Elicabeth. Surely, men who have held high leg?lof~ees, and who undertake to instruct "the great Oohunoil of the nation" on important points of law and hise1ry, should go somewhat deeper into their subjects than mere textboeoks, however generally trustworthy. Dr. Ball either did or did not know thlat the tillo of "supremehesd of the Church" was resigned by Marv, and aes not resumed by Elizabeth. It is of little moment whether he hiew it or did not know it. It is for Dr. Ball himself to choose between the alternative charges of orasrs iqnorantlia and serppreveo veri. I can't help fancying that Sir Maurice O'Connell himself imagined that the Qaeen wee "supreme Ihead of the Church," or he would not have made the apology Ibe did for his presence at the O'Connooell banquet, when the Pope's health was proposed before the Queen's, The apology was the only mistakoehe made, I say Ibis deliberately, yet I yield to no man living in my devotion to Her Majrsty personally, or in my admiration and love of the Briti-h Constitution. But I belong to a family who lih?v nlays drunk "Church and State"-tho Churchb irst, the State after the Church ; God first and before alt things, the world and all that therein is after God. " God rave the Queen!" I am, sir, yours, &c.;, JOHN NELSON. *Charleville, Tary 24. * I have before me (au odd book to have accidentally picked up so far in the bush) "The History of the Life of Reginald Polo. By Thomas Pnillips. Oxford and Dublin, 1765." From this book, written by a Roman Catholic, I extract the following passage: "A few days after the coronation [of Mary], a Parlia moent was summoned, at the opening of which the title of supreme head on earth of the Church of England was given to the Queen. A High Mass of the Holy Ghost was performed on this occasion, at which both Houses of Parliament assisted ; and as an indjcation of the Queen's gracious purposes towards her people, the session began by limiting all treasons to the statute of the 25th of Edward III., and reducing felonies to such oelJnces only as were deemed so before Henry VII.'s reign." (Annoe I. arine, sees. I., c. i.) So that, however, jollily ridiculous it may have appeared to the late rampagious Dr. Cahill, and it may still ap pear to the present slippery Monsgr. Capel, " for any body of people to call themselves a Church, with an old woman as its ' supreme head on earth,' " the ridi cule attabhee itself to the Vatican echismatics, and not to the Anglican branch of the Church Catholic, as it atpresent exists. One thing is jollily ridiculous-that an Anglican layman should be able to "turn the tables" upon Vatican " Infallibility" and controver sially-trained sharpers like Monegr. Cspel. "Ite domum eature, venit Hesperus, ite Capellm " I do not wish to judge anymore, but I much fear that unless Monegr. Capel undergoes more than an ordi nary amount of purgatorial eleansing he will be among the goats on a great forthcoming day. J. N. I-~ C - 