LOCAL NEWS. COMPLIMENTARY TESTIMONIAL TO THE RBW Da. CRAIG -On Monday evooing last a meeting was hold in the sehoolrom of St James' Church, Morpeth, for the purpose of making arrange monts for the preparation and presentation of » testimonial to the Rev. Dr Craig, who for soma timo past has been in charge of the parish, ia the absenoe of the Rev. Mr Child. There were nearly thirty persons present j but it was thought that if a more lengthened notioe had . boen given, the attendance would bave b«eu muoh larger, beeauso during the comparatively short residence of Dr. Craig at Morpeth he has endeared himself to a great many of the residents. Mr. Clote was voted into the chair j and then a draft oopy of ^an address was read. Mr. Sherwood moved, and Mr. Munsea second« d, that the oopy of address as read be adopted ; and that copies be forwarded to Hin- ton, Woodville, and Seaham, together with subscription lists, and that the residents ia those looalidos be requested to con tribut« towards the testimonial. A committee was then appointed to see that the matter was car- ried out oorreotly. Mr Porteus was appointer! , treasurer ; and it was arranged that the oom-1 mitten should hold their final meeting on thlU evening of the 1st proximo, and that the pre- sentation should be made on the evening of the 2nd proximo, in St. James' schoolhouse. " THE AUSTRALASIAN SKBTOHKB "-An ex- cellent number for September has been issued. The reading matter is varied and interesting, but the illustrations are, as usually, the strong point in the publication. Two pictures, deal with the effects of the late gale, as felt by the City of Melbourne, and, more disastrously, by tho Dandenong, The scene- en the, deck of the City of Melbourne makoB a very effeotive engrav- ing, and though it is of course, parjtjy an im- aginativo Bketoh, it serves to realise more vividly to tho observer than any verbal description, the inoidents treated of. Tho transfer of passengers from the Dandenong to the Albert William, over a troubled sea, is shown; and the effect is heightened by juxtaposition, whiob must have been intentional, to a view of Port Biperanoe, Tasmania, with the three islands F*ith, Hope, Charity. There is such a marked contrast be- tween the oalm waters of the Tasmanian bay, and tbe turbulent ocean, opon whioh the steamer, the boats, the barque,, and the strug- gling human beings are floating. The three islands are of varying size, and the " greatest of theso is Charity," wo presume Two very pretty landsoape views are given : the junction of the rivers Clyde and Derwent in Tasmania; and "Dead in the Queensland bush," in whioh a poor wayfarer's body is seen lying on the banks of s streum, in a haunt of quiet beauty There are other effeotivo engravings, and a large double page 'picture, representing the birthday bail at Govern meet House, Melbourne " AN^ENTEaPRisÍNo SQIÍATTHB-Many old Viotorian and Riverine settlers will regret to hear, says Friday's Argus, of the death of Mr. Desailly, who was buried in the Brighton Ceme- tery on Wednesday last. Mr. Desailly'* career in Viotona was a stirring and eventful one. Io 1839 he arrived in Port Phillip Bay in the brig Britannia, with a ship- ment of shoep from Tasmania, hi* intention, being to take up country on the Campaspe. The vessel, however, was wrecked near Mordial- loc' and with what sheep were saved he took up a station near Arthur's Seat, and afterwards bold some stations in Gipps Land and on the Billabong. After several years of changing fortunes be realised a large fortune, and in 186$ he took up an immense block of country on the Willuodra in the Lachlan district, whioh was* at that time considered back oountry. In com- pany witb his brother he expended a large sum of money in fencing in the runs, making tanks, and sinking wells. He introduced the plan of using steam- power for rising water, iostead of using the old fashioned hone-whims The long years of drought whioh ruined so many graziers: proved too muoh for his energy *nd enterprise, and he found himself obliged to give up the stations just as the seasons changed Since that time the properties held by Mr. Desailly and his broth, r bave yield d immense returns to their succeators. Mr Desailly was greatly cstcctmd by all who knew him, and his death will be muoh regretted by a large eucla of sincere friends >;) THE WEATHER AT ALBURY-The past? week has been most favorable as regards ? weather, to the pastoral interest. Loud com- plaints were being made of water, and had the rain kept off much longer the consequence would have been most serious. On Thursday Sept 21, however, a gentle rain set in, which continued during the day, with occasional heavy showers. Towards evening the rain became heavier, and during the night there was a very heavy fall indeed.We have not been able to ascertain the exact amount which fell, as there is no gauge available, but it must have been, far in excess of any downpour experienced dur- ing the year, and should prove of immense benefit to the district -Albury Banner. ADVERTISING -A correspondent writing to a Victorian journal says :-Many curious in- stances have come under my notice from time to time of how far- reaching and useful a short advertisement may be. Some years ago a gentleman from the south of Ireland, who had been a long time in Australia, but " where" was unknown, was anxiously desired by his widowed mother to return home. I was con- sulted, and by my advice was an advertisement repeated for a few days in the "Notices to Friends" column. Four months afterwards the wanderer appeared in person at the address, advertised. He had been away long in the in- terior, and coming down with a mob of horses, he picked up a fragment of an old Argus on the Black Range diggings beyond Albury, and there saw the advertisement addressed to him. A few days more, and he was on his way to Old Ireland. TELEGEAPHIO MATTERS -The Hon. J. F» Burns, Postmaster General, has reoeived altó vate letter from Mr B C Cracknell, vg}/>8 now in Europe, stating that during his visit ta the Unitod States he was afforded every facility for inspecting the telegraphioinstiuments of the Western Union Telographio Compnny He had purchased a Bet of instruments for working » system of fire alarm and distriot messenger ser- vice. Mr Craoknell speaks in high terms of of the attention whioh he rcocivod from the* authorities of the TJaited State? -I-^CAO. ^ L - . ITALIAN IMMIGRATION.-A deputation, con- sisting of Sir Alfred Stephen, Sir Deas-Thom «on, M>L C , the Hon James White, M L O, dipjd M. Simon,Consul of Franoeandltaly, waited y¡Mp the . Colonial Secretary, yesterday after ^ttoon, says Saturday's Herald, in referenoe to Italian immigration. Sir Alfred Stephen said the object of the deputation orginiated at a ' eablio meeting, held for the purpose of consider- ing cortain positions, made in Italy by distin finished men, who suggested that there was a «umber ot persons in Italy acquainted with agricultural movements in Australia, and who fcrero anxious to emigrate to this colony Thoy desired to know whether facilities of any kind would be given, and, if so, what. The tfirst thing to oonsider was what could be done to protect these persons in the colony, and this '.deputation was appointed to wait on the i' ing whether any facilities would be given to these persons, and what would bo ?done with them when they did oomo out "?Whether they would be turned out of the ».depot if failing to find employment within five ?or six days, or whether they would be allowed to remain a reasonable time until they could gr-t t («niployment. Mr. Robertson said there would te no difficulty about bringing men who under worms, or anything else. Under the regulations v'*aey would require to bo approved of as to v character, health, and suitability for the colony. Sir Alfred Stephen suggested that the Govern- ment might sanotion the appointment of an agon t "In one or two of the Northern Italian towns . .Mr Robertson said they never oontemplated so ißfrtge an expenditure of publio money. If there «¡is one agent in Italy, he thought it would be -¿Bough. IndeedhedidnotthiokthattheGovern tnent contemplated having one there at all ; but \--it would not comport with their views to have * '«gents in two Italian towns. The duty of the agent would be, in any person applying to him, «o mako inquiries, and if satisfied, to give the person applying an order to go by the first Í.-vessel from whatever port that person seleoted. Usually tho agents would be in seaport towns The Government would only pay the same for . person from the Continent as for a person ?from England They would give no more '--privileges to foreigners than thoy gave to our ?own people. Sir Alfred Stephen said that -these immigrants might come out here in num- bers and settle in communities. Mr Robert eon expressed a deoided objection to anything of the kind. He was not in favor of having foreign settlements in this oountry. He would uko the immigrants to mix with our own people. The deputation then withdrew. AN INVENTION IN SHIPBUILDING -The oor tespondent of the Argus at Philadelphia writes : , »-There is an invention whioh promises to be Hseful to shipbuilders, and may bring the hard -woods of Australia into inoreased demand, viz, a machine for bonding ships' timbers and ships' Inees. Oak 9 inches by 10 inches is bont to a .ourve with a radius of only 4 feet. The beams or planks are fitted into holders on a metal " table. These holders, when started, pursue a ourvod motion, and compel the timbar to follow in the samo course. The work is done by hydr&ulio; pressure whioh amounts to ninety tons. Ono would suppose that in bending the wood the outer edge would bo stretohed, and thereby fraotured, but the ends are so confined that there is no 'longitudinal strain. Indeed, a reduction of length takes pLioo, due to com- pression, whioh drives out air and mois- ture. Whore the sharpest bend ooours there the wood oomes oat perceptibly -thinner. The model is shown of a ship built .of timberi (bent by maohinery), in one piece tfrom keel to rail. The knees are put between the frames on the sides of the beam, one pair to «aoh beam end. This gives greater strength and inore stowage room Knoes ore bent somewhat ^differently from timbers. The ends aro confined ~in holdo's, and held baok by pins,' and the middle pressed forward by an instrument """pointed like the tongue, and moved by a sorew .^ AU_timber is heated by steam before it is ope lated on. The inventor is John W. Griffith, of -(Philadelphia. Speoimen timbers were bent by means of a model of tho largo maohine to show "kow the hardwood of Australia was aoted on. A metal band, brass in the model, is put on the outer side of the wood, and if it completely . -«overs the surface no fraoture takes plaee But -fraotures wero notioeablo in a knee bent by the xnodol, where the 16th of an inch had been left .freo. The wood was substantially undamaged ANOTHER EXODUS FROM RANDWICK.-Two anore lads, named respectively Arthur Forstor -and Joseph Jacobs, have made their escape from tho Asylum at Randwick says yesterday's Herald 'They wero brought to this ornoo last evening by Mr. J. W. Smart, who states that they wero found wandering about the streets. They were both in a condition verging on filthiness. They -^'were not dressed in the Asylum uniform, but in clothing taken from a store in the institution, where it appears tho clothes of new arrivals are deposited. Both wero as pitiable objeots as could be imagined. One of thom, Forster, had " -marks like tho impression of a gridiron on his ¿left hip, and an ill-looking sore, whioh ho said was caused by tbo flogging. Ha staten that for goirg out of bounds-that is, for going without ?the limits of che institution grounds-he was laid op a table, and held faoe downwards by two as- sistants, named M'Pherson and Walker, while î"orgter, the sohoolmastor, applied a bundle of Iwillow switches to his posteriors. He does not know how old he is, nor how long he has been in the institution. The other boy Jacobs is 11 years of age. Ho was not beaten, but he states -that he ran away to avoid a flogging for being out of bounds. They made their escape on Mon- day, by jumping over the fence surrounding the .Asylum Mr. Smart intended taking care of them for the night, and returning them to /Randwick this morning. BRAVE WORDS -At a banquet given to Messrs M'Elhone and Day at Jindera on Wed- nesday, Sept 20, Mr. M'Elhone is reported by the Albury Banner of the 23rd, to have said:-"Cases of oppression had come under his notice, where, if the selec- tor had shot down his oppressor like a dog, he (Mr. M'Elhone) would have gloried in the action. As long as he lived he should fol- low the course he had taken until he succeeded in wringing from the Government justice for the people. If they did not move in the direc- tion of land law amendment theri children would curse their memories for bowing down and being slaves to the wealthy squatters of the land. He loved the man who would go on to his land and hold his own, and if necessary lose his life rather than part with it." MORPETH POLICE COURT.-On Monday last Catpain T. F. Dye attended at the above court, and disposed of one case.-Yesterday, Mr. Addi- son, P.M., was the only magistrate on the bench and adjudicated in a summons case, the only one «a the sheet. RESERVES.-A number of reserves are pro- claimed in the Gazette, dated Saturday, Septem- ber 23 They are ib various districts. THE DANDENONG RELIE» FUND ENTER TAINMENT -The gentlemen who are interested in the praiseworthy work of augmenting the Dandenoog'.Relief Fuud, and especially the Hon Seoretary to the local committee (Mr A. J Griffiths), must have received some of that gratifiaation whioh is the reward of virtue, upon witnessing the success of the entertainment at the Viotoria Theatre on Monday evening ,We mention Mr Griffiths by name, because, beyond taking no small share in the programólo, he was an indefatigable managor, and respon- sible for failure It is therefore pleasant to be able to say that the opposite oF failure was realised, both as regards the money result of the entertainment, and the amuse mont givon to the public Indeed as to the latter, on 'bo whole the programme was an impovement upon that of last Tuesday night week, and it'is creditable to the performers the Hunter River Amateur Minstrels chiefly, that in so ßhort a time, they were able to in traduce so many new pieces Part she first began with the overture to " Tanoregi," played with great taste and effectiveness by the company, whoso pluok in attacking a whole overture was rewarded by the appreciation earned by the beautiful musio A varied selection of sougs followed, interspersed with jokes and wit tioisms cleverly jerked in by Bines and Tambo, m my of them being new and original, or skilful adaptations of old jests applied to looal oiraumstauces The finale was the "Mulligan Guards;" and the second part introduced a gentleman unknown to Mait- land audiences, who 'sang two songs very pleasingly. A recitation, "the ship on fire," delivered by Mr. R Jacob with much spirit and feeling, was well received, people recognising the propriety of seleoting it, on suoh an oeoasion The rendering of " The heart bowed down" by Mr Maonamará, was loudly applauded and properly so The remaining part of the entertainment oonsistei of " soones from Hamlet," and the " Area Belle," this portion boing therefore the Bama as on the previous ooeasion. Mr Hedley's reading of Hamlet was very satisfactory for an amateur, and it is neither jost nor kind to oritioise it further. The gentleman who sustained the character of the Ghost gave a refined and intel leotual rendering-the rendering of an enthusi- astic student of Shakespeare-of those lugubri ousliues. In the farce, all the oharaoters were ad- mirably sustained, and the little piece had " go" in it from beginning to end The Penelope could Boaroely have been bettered by a mern bar of the sex who had the right always to wear pettiooats instead of bifuroatod "continuations," and that is no small praise. A very enjoyable performance dosed at about eleven o'clock We believe the addi- tion to the fund by its aid, will be about £25 After the Hamlet soenes, Mr Bidgery, Mayor of West Maitland, appeared before the curtain, and thanked the audience for its patronage, and asked tbem to signify their obligation to the Hunter River Amateur Minstrels, and the other performers, by acclamation. A hearty round of applause was tho response We may add that the nie of the theatre was given free ef coat, by Mr John Bennett, and that the gas was not changed for. SALE OF A STATION -Messrs Sullivan and Simpson report having sold by private con- tract the Tomo station, in the colony of Queensland, in the district of Maranoa, on ac- count of MessrB Bucknel! and Winton, toge thor with about 2000 head of cattle without muster, and 4000 sheep, belongings given in, for the lump sum of £12,250 oaBh. Messrs York, Walsh, and Rennie purchasers.-Herald CORRECTION-In our report of the annual meeting of the Hunter River Agricultural and Horticultural Association, an omission was made in the report. In the paragraph1 in the oom mitteo'e report, containing the names of sub seribers to the Secretary's offioo, the following donations were omitted:-Messrs Si and R Scobie, £2; W-C Dangar, £1 Is; J B Christian, £5 ; J G Doyle, £2; S Cíift, £5 ; R. W. Thompson, £2 2s ; J T Junor, jun £3 ; R Wyndham, £5. In the same paragraph the item of 10s. appoared ia connection with the firm of Wolfe and Gorrick ; the item should not have appeared, as it wah for rent of the show shed, on the ooeasion of a cricketers'dinnor, and not a donation. HINTON PUBLIC SCHOOL.-We have been in- formed that the public sohool at Hinton bai been olosed sinoe midday on Friday last, for the want of a toaoher, and the parents of ohildren attending the sohool are naturally dissatisfied therea1-. Tho late teacher, Mr. Cameron, has we understand been appointed to a sohool just opened at Coogee Bay, and no one has yet been sent to supply his plaoe. Blame must rest some whore that this should have happened-that a sohool in existonoe, having an attendance of some 70 or 80 pupils, should have been olosed for the purpose of opening a new sohool, whioh no doubt oould have been delayed till a suooeeaor to the teaoher about to bo removed was appointed, and ready to take his plaoe. " COBDEN CLUB ESSAYS "-Mr Henry Parkes, M L A , has added to the valuable gift made recently to the Maitland Sohool of A"t«, by the presentation of a volume of Cobden Club Essays, scoond series, 1871 2 The Easavs aro -"On the causes of war, and the means of roduoing their numb°r," by Emile de Laveleye; " The law and oustom of primogeniture," by the Hon George C Brodrick ; " The present aspect of tho (English) land question," by William Fowler, MP ; "Financial Reform," by T. E. Oliffe Leslie ; " A now oommeroial treaty between Great Britain and Germany," by Julius Fauohpr, of Berlin ; "The English ooinage question," by John Prinoo Smith, mem- ber of the German Parliament; "Trades Unions, and the relations of oapital and labor," by Joseph Got tick; " Toe oolonial question," by James E. Thorold Rogers ; " The recent financial, industrial, and oommeroial experiences of the United Statos: a curious chapter in politico economic history," by the Hon David A Wells, LL D , of the United Statos ; appen- dix : " Commercial policy of Franoe, and the treaty with England of 1860 " TIN ORE -The following is the return of tin ore reooived from New Eogland by the 0 and N E. S. N Company, for shipment by their steamers to the metropolis, during the week ending September 16 :-Vegetable Creek Tin Mining Company, 320 bigs ; 16 tons 2 owts ; Dundee, 126 bigs ; 7 tons 19 owts 2 qrs. ; Sun Kee over Sydney, 29 bags; 1 ton9owts. 0 qrs 10 lbs. Total, 475 bags ; 25 tons 10 owts 2 qrs 10 lbs-C and R Examiner, Sept 19. DRUNKENNESS.-Thomas Kerr waa brought before the Morpeth polioe court on Monday last on the charge pf drunkenness. He was convie ted, and fined 10B, with the alternative of forty eight hours' imprisonment. THE LABOUR MARKET IN VICTORIA - Owing to the drifting away of our adult popu- lation aoross the Murray (remaiks the Argus), and the stoppage of immigration, the labour market in this oolony is heoomiog BO deranged that there is every probability of a portion of one of our native industries being transferred bodily to the mother oountry. Hitherto, at the shearing season, a considerable amount of em- ployment has baon furnished to men at liberal wages as sheep- washers But this year, in oon sequence of tho difficulty experienced in procuring hands, and the exorbitant wagoe askod by those persons who are available for the work, a squatter in tbo Western distriot whose olip has always fetched the top price in the London market has determined upon sending the, , whole of his wool homo in the grease, as he has reason to believe that the loss which he will sustain by so doing will not be BO great as the oost of washing the sheep would be under the oiroumstanceB of tho case. If his oalonlations should be verified by the result, most of tho squatters in the Western distriot will follow his example, and it is not unlikely to be generally aeted upon throughout the colony. Ia previous yoars the squatter referred to has employed two dopen men, on the average, for, six or eight weeks, in wool-waahing, and it is easy to estimate tho money whioh has boon thus put in circulation in the shape of wages Multiply this by somo hundreds, and it will represent the aggregate loss whioh tho | working classes of this colony will sustain should the praotioo of sending home wool ia the grease bo found more economical than shipping ic olean. In that case, evory pound subtracted from the squatters' returns will find its way into the pooh I eta of woolwashers in England ; while tho not re I suits to the woolgrower will not bo affeoted by the ohange. Thus the tendonoy of our i legislativo and fiscal policy will aotually be to I wards the protection of the working classes in tho mother oountry, to thó serious disadvantage of those who are here. Instead of expanding, we are contracting the local ahanoels of employ- ment, and aro crippling what is admitted to be one of the most important of our truly native industries, and compelling the Victorian wool gro>»ors to export dirt as well as fibre, and to pay the same freight on both. THE VAGARIES OP FASHION.-The writer of " London Town Talk" in the Melbourne Argus says :-The lengths (in trains) and straits (io tightness) to whioh ladies of fashion are prepared to go-and do go-in the matter of dress are inoredible. I saw a tight young lady endeavour to run round a four-horse drag the other diy, and then asoend to the box seat by a ladder, and both aotions afforded a surprising speotaolo. The Mayor of Bristol entertained the Lord Mayor of London last week, and the ocoasion was of oourse an important one-important onough for a young Bristol lady to send for her dinner dress from Worth, of Piris. The drcsB carne, and was all that oould bo desired, only she oouldn't get into it. She had to discard under garment aftor under-garment - for- tunately it / was very warm weathor -until there was little else but herself and the dress Then it was laood up, and she looked beautiful. But when she eame down to dinner she 0)uld not sit down. It was so tight ia the skirts and elsewhere that it wai only with a dead life that she managed to take her ohair. She was not oomfortablo, beoause of the servants that must need pass behind her but she looked, in faot, to admiration. Only after dinner sho oouldn't get up again. Her dress would't come down. I am telling you tho truth when I say that the gentlemen on both sides of her had to pull the skiit to set her free. But this is nothing An old lady of my acquaintance, who tells m . everything, was taken to seo a young lady's wedding trousseau. The dresses were splendid, and all necessaries to matoh. But " where," said she, " is the uador olotbing ? ' " Ladies do not wear underolothing now, madam," said the milliner. " The dresses are too tight to admit of it. They wear suits of washleather" And sure enough there were three ohamois suits of " dittos," fitting oloso to the frame as any glove. MR TENNIEL OP LONDON "PUNCH"-Mr. John Tenniel, it is understood, regrets that he ever drew a oartoon for Punch. The goniu* that is developed by hard work (and that is the only kind of genius I knew) is always modest. It has raised so high a standard for itself that on the way upwards it only feels that it is far away from the goal. Mr. Tenniel has none of the personal affection of art, and never had. He shaves, and his hair does not make a grease sp it of his coat oolar. He is not seen at the West end in a velvet coat and a orimson neok-tie. He does not pose either at home or in society. See him riding his quiet cjbin the Park, or tak- ing his Sunday constitutional at tbe2oo,|y ou would only notioe him asan intelligent-looking gentle man-a oountry soaoitor portups, oran engineer with a new railway bridge in his mind. There aro two artists who appear to be peculiarly fond of the Zoo- Tenniel and Dore The moment the Frenoh limner oomes to London he rushes off to the Zoo. Mr. Tenniel has used pretty well all the most notable animals in his cartoons and elsewhere In the present day it isd fficult to keep artists from the more profitable paths of art whioh lead through the Exhibitions to fame and fortune. The Graphic and Illustrated London A/etas find this an increasing diffioulty. Most of the men who drew for Once a Weok in the palmy days of that publication have given up book illustrating, and are selling pictures for more than their weight in gold No wonder that, standirg within the walls of the Academy, Jobo Tennial wishes he had used his brush instead of his ponoil. From a finanoial point of view, he would have done better if he had never drawn cartoons for Punch or pictures for books. The world would have been tho worse for fluoh a chongo in his eareer. That faot should console bira for the viotories he would have won had he entered what is regarded as the higher arena in whioh Millais, Faed, Niool, Leighton, and Fides contest the golden honours Mr. Tenniel's biography might be written on a page of note paper. He was the son of Mr. John Baptist Tenniel, was bom in London in 1820, and educated at a private sohool. He was precoci- ous with a penoil He ÍB a perpetual example of the triumph of industry. Toe cleverest writer on Punch was self-educated. Douglas Jerrold was his own schoolmaster. Tho greatest artist that ever drew for Punch, or posslbiy ever will draw, is John Tenniel. He is a self-taught draughtsman -London Society -[Tenniel has been for years the artist of the cartoon in Punch. Those wonderful oartoouB ! in whioh there are the most felicitous political suggestions, the keenest satire, a conciseness of meaning, a grandeur and a width of view, and a refinement of idea hitherto unequalled io that 1 kind of art.-ED. MM. A YOUNG MUSICIAN -A musical genius in embryo, in the person of Master George Allpress, is (says the Daily Telegraph) at present on a visit in Melbourne. Master George is little more than ten years old, and is a violinist and pianist of extraordinary capacity, His father, Mr Charles Allpress, of Kangaroo Flat, Sandhurst, noticing his very early bias for music, has had him for the last two or three years taught the violin, and he plays on a tiny one made for him, with wonderful skill for so small a child, his bowing and fingering are specially noticeable for their ease and finish, and as he is a fluent reader, his appearance, as he stood in Messrs. Allan and Co.'s rooms, before a select number of musical people, playing a brilliant fantasia on airs from "Lucrezia Borgia," was that of a little maestro. About twelve months since he commenced to display a predilection for the piano, and his father at once placed him under the tuition of Herr Edward Calon, a Sandhurst teacher of note, who has advanced him in his studies so rapidly that, although he did not know a note of bass when he commenced, he is now able to execute Beyer, Lange, Farmer, Oesten, and other authors' compositions. His execution of Beyer's "La Fille du Regiment," and West's fantasia on airs from "Guillaume Tell," was astonishing, tho great feature being the extraordinary amount of expression introduced by him, and the judgment he evinces in his use of the pedals Herr Calon is very proud of his child-pupil, and he may well be so. There is a great future in store for the little fellow, if he is treated wisely A DOUBTFUL TESTIMONIAL.-Considerable amusemect was oroated in the local Police Court on Tuosday, Sept. 19 (says the A bury Banner) in the oa.se of a blind man who had been arrested by the police as much for bis own protection as anything else, as he waa, when taken' into custody, in a helpless state of intoxioa'ion. When callod upon to answer ' to the oharge the accused produced a testimonial signed by a number of persons at Wagga Wagga and else- where, .to the effect that the bearer was a deserv- ing object of oharity on his way to Melbourne to obtain medical assistance. Appended to the paper was a list of subscriptions given to help the man on his road, and sundry remarks ' certifying to his bona fides. Some wag, however, bad availed himself of the opportunity to add a memoran- dum whioh the bearer probably did cot antici- pate, but whioh oiroumstanoes certainly appear to warrant It was a note written in a bold legible hand to the following effooi :-" Poor blind man ; very fond of drink." When this was read out in oourt after the other certificate, there was a regular, roar of laughter in whioh the Bench joined as heartily as any one else. The prisoner was admonished and discharged, and on being told' by the poliae magiitrate to call upon the latter for a few shillioga to help towards travelling expenses he invoked all sorts of blenioga upon the Bench. A CnARGE OP PERJURY -Before the West Maitland Police Court, on Monday, the oase of Thomas Prindle v. Ann Nesbett, for perjury, was called on for hearing, but there being no appearanoe of either party tho information was dismissed. USING OBSCENE LANGUAGE.-At the West Maitland police oourt, on Monday, George Turner was charged with having, on the 15th instant, used obscene language inside a house < in St Andrew-street within the hearing of passers by. Constable Cruise said he was on duty in St Androw street on the date in question, and i heard the language complained of used He did not see defendant ' at the time the language was used, but recognised his voiee and had not the slightest doubt but de- fendant used the words -Senior-sergeant Smith said that frequent complaints were made about defendant's oonduot- he was a troublesome neighbour -The benoh reprimand -d the defen- dant, and warned him that if he again appeared before the benoh on a similar ohargo he would be severely dealt with. On this occasion a fine of 10i or forty-eight hours' imprisonment would bo inflioted -Charles Klein and George Waite wero i charged on summoos, with having been guilty of committing asimilar offence in a publio plaoe The informations, however, having been Lund imperfect, were dismissed Mr Levien appeared for défendants in the above eases. USING OBSCENE LANGUAGE -A young man named Albert Button was oharged, before the East Maitland police oiurt, on Tuesday last, with having, on thq previous night, used obsoono language in a publio plaoe, and also with having resisted tho police. Constable Barnes proved the offenoo, and stated that the prisonor was drunk at the time, noisy, and violent. The neighbours were disturbed, aud many of thom came out to Fee what was the matter. The prisoner had been before the oourt on two or three previous occasions for ñmilar offenoes, and his character was anything but reputable. Mr. Addison said the bench had some diffioulty in deciding whether they would Bend the prisoner to gaol, without the option of a fine, but in tbe hope that he would reform ho would be more leniently dealt with. For the first oflenoe he would bo fined £2 or one month's imprisonment, and for the second £1 or seven days. LUNACY.-The unfortunate man who was remanded last week on a charge of lunaoy, was again brought before the curt, and after Dr Pieroe had given his evidence regarding the state of the man's mind, he was committed to the receiving-house at Darlinghurst. The name of the man is Jacob Hetoh, and from the evi dence it seems that he is suffering from dißeiso of the brain, caused by a fall from a horso. INDECENT EXPOBURE.-On Monday last, at the East Maitland poliee court, before Dr. Wilton, J.P., a man named Georgs Gardener was charged with having been guilty of indeoent exposure io a publio place. Senior Constable Hogan proved the offence, and prisoner was fined 20s or the alternative of seven days' imprisonment. The prisoner was then charged with having used obsoene language, to wbioh he pleaded not guilty. The offence however was proved against him, and it was also I shown that he was an old offendor. The bench ioflioted a penalty of 20s. or seven days in gaol STEALING TIMBER -At the Morpeth polioe oourt yesterday, Miohael M'Cann, was charged at the instance of John M'Phie, with stealing a quantity of wood, which was lying on land be longingto oomplainant on the Greenwattle Estate Mr. C. F. Soiling appeared for the complainant The defendant pleaded guilty. The wood was valued at Is. The benob fined defendant 4B. as the value of the wood, with 6s. 6d oourt, and 121s. professional costs, with the alternative o? ' two days in gaol. 