Sei^ctobs have pec^niscd tbc necessity of co-opemtion ior mutual protection, and for the advancement of their common interests. As the first step towards knowledge is the- eon- *ciou≠&i;: of ignorance, so the rxogiiisiou of the benefits to be derived ftom miity of action may be regarded as an advance made by the selectors towards placing themselves in a portion v< escicbt- a 3'-?stiinato influence on land I'^'L-rlali'Jti aa-.l !anJ a4inini>tiatk<ii. ak on other matter* aff^tingtbeir inten«tb. Hnt l^foiv thai j^int i- n-arln-J. Iwfyrtthe ~ k<'tors can huK to Ucuuic a pjwer in the 8late, ih< y rau-t show that they the fk>.ulty ol' 'i^anisatioii. aud the Htlrit of « In all great movement the 3ir-t ai>- o'-inparativdy ; difficultly only ix.-_'in V' arise vrh«;ii tliv nielimiuan stages an; pasted, and tmi' ^ the IV i; zeaX and a determination t<i J»ei^overe th-. IU-JVCment. what-ever may t--- it- objeet.% i- bound to l ollajjit. .So far as matterb haw » .ne, the ujoveinf-nt for the lonuation of a Sdeetors* .Isiociatioa in the Albury diftriet ha- !>een fkiriy .-r,cce^-fu], but the mo«t iui]>ort-iin part of the work lias yet t<:> be dune. Selectors, if they arc really desirou- that th. y should take the petition they are eutitleU to « cu]iy, a= th..- lai^fet-i <>)' p^lucei^ in the > uuatiy. m\i< iinix.il !hein5'-lve> a- meiijVier- i>f the Awsociation, and by < v<_-rv tnean-. i;i their j>ower lend their aid to establish it -J; a firm bask. Unless this bo done : iinlc-^ --"lectors, oiiee they put their hand* to tht- plough, determine not to turn hack but to j severe in spite of all obstacles until they bit-uk down the monopoly that prevent 1 ? men "1* mall means from acquiring a sufficient area of land to combine clock-keeping with tilL-ise. the movement lad better lit carried no farther. But, in spite of former jiutcos. there is good reason for believing that the u (.-cecity for union is so fully recognised by the selectors that they will not re»t until they have formed a Btrong association. Experience teaches wisdom, and the selectors hare been made wise by experience. If it had not been for their utter disorganisation, the principle of selection by minors would have been legalised and family settlement, instead of be in? discountenanced, would have been fostered by legislation. Local laud courts, with their vexatious and frivolous enquiries-, instituted apparently for the purpose of harassing and annoying bona fide selectors—while gross dummyiam is quietly winked at—would not have had an existence if the selector had been organised, and in a position to make their influence felt in the Legislature. Wholesale alienation of Crown lands to pastoral tenants, and the reservation of immense blocks of land in every direction, would not be permitted were the selectors, by means of their associations, able to enlist public opinion in their favor, and to secure for themselves representation in accordance with their number^ and the stake they have in the prosperity of the country. For the injustice with whiib they have been treated the selectors are themselves greatly to blame, and should that injustice be continued the fault Aril] not rest villi any other class of the community, but they alone will be responsible if their inteivsls are neglected or they arc treated as interlopers on the soil, liy co-opcialiou they have it in their power to secure such alterations in the law, and the administration of the law, as will place the mau of small means on an equal footing with the capitalist, so far as the acquisition of sufficient laud to form a home for himself and his family is concerned. In the land legislation that has liitherto taken place in the colonies, although the interests of the "poor man" have afforded a topic for declamation to members desirous of obtaining a little cheap popularity, neither the climatic, conditions of the country, nor the general character of the soil have been taken into consideration; legislators have set themselves to confine " poor men" solely to tillage, by limiting the aroa of selection, so as to afford BO scope for stock-keeping, without which farming cannot be profitably carried on. If the land legislation had been expressly intended to make poor men pooror and rich men richer, it could not have better answered the purpose. Had it not been for the loophole provided by selection by minors settlement in New South Wales would have been of the same ephemeral character as it has been in Victoria. Men would have taken up small areas of land, cropped them until they would no longer pay for the cropping, and then disposed of them to the pastoral tenant. Selection by miuors gave an opportunity for tbc raising with the growing of cereals, afid iu consequence of that combination being practicable selectors have thriven and become permanently attached to the soil And it is to the recognition of the principle that selection ought to confer the right to a reasonable area of land for stock-keeping, to be held indefeasibly. that the efforts of the selectors should to be directed. Grain cultivation, bv itself, is an unprofitable pursuit in Australia, and as it is to the benefit of the community that all its members should be prosperous, every man who enters into occupation of land should be allowed an area for pasturage in aceonlanee with the quantity he selects. Considering the vast domain that belongs to the public there is no reason why even* man who wishes to settle on the soil should not have the right to acquire sufficient area to enable him to follow the pursuit- that are best adapted V> the climati*.- conditions and general character of the soil Xor is there auy need to act harshly by the pastoral tenants in giving to others a shaft: of the privileges they have s<i long and so freely enjoyed. All that is wanted is that their claim to monopoly should be set aside, and that they should be placed in the same position, no better and no worse, as other members of the community. For the sake of vested interests it might lie l'ound advisable to give the pastoral tenants a secure tenure of a portion of their runs, until population had largely increased, leaving the other portions open to settlement in areas sufficient to permit of the combination of agricultural and pastoral pursuits. Selectors, as a class, have no desire to be unreasonable, nor do they seek to claim exceptional privileges. What they want is a fair lield and iio favor for their industry, and that they can best secure by combining for mutual protection and for the advancement of their common interests. Tm; new Medical Hill introduced by .Sir ALFRED SIEPHLX in the Legislative Council is in many respects identical with a measure brought in last year to deal with the same subject, and is understood to represent an effort for the assimilation of the law with that now in force in England. Among other changes it proposes to supersede the present Medical Board by a Mcdical Council con ststing of thirteen members, live to be appointed by the Governor, two by the Senate of the University, and six by the medical practitioners. This Council would be empowered to decide what persons should be registered to practise, and would prevent the registration of persons holding purchased degrees or otherwise not duly qualified. Another clause enacts that no person will be eligible for registration as a mcdical practitioner unless he be the holder of a diploma from some University at which four years' study is required from the candidate prior to the granting of such diploma. The privileges of practitioners registered under the new Bill are set forth in a clause which runs as follows :—" Every person registered as aforesaid shall be entitled according to his qualification or qualifications to practise medicine or surgery (or medicine and surgery as the case may be) and to recover in any court reasonable charges for professional aid, advice, and visits, and the cost of any medicine or medical or surgical appliances all of which matters may be described in the plaint or other legal pleading by the terms 4 medical services,' and after the present year no person sliall be entitled to recover any charge for medical or surgical advice, attendance, or for the performance of any operation or fur inudicini; which ho shall have both prescribed and supplied, unless lie shall have been so registered." The effect of this clause will be tliat auy unqualified person practising mcdicinc will have to insist upon cash pay ments as he will be unable to sue his patients either for attendance or physic. Other clauses provide that registered medical practitioners shall be exempt from serving on juries and inquests, from filling any corporate office, and from serving in the militia should a militia at any time established ; that none but regis tcred medical practitioners shall be eligible for Government medical appointments ; and that where penalties arc imposed by the Medical Council under the Bill, the defendants may appeal against the decision in case? where the penalty shall exceed 40s. Power is also reserved to the Couueil to strike off the roll of medical practitioners any member who shall in the opinion of the Council have beeu guilty of disgraceful conduct, or who shall be an habitual drunkard, or who shall have while in a state of intoxication professionally attended any sick person. The most important feature, however, in the Bill is the provision contained in the sixth clause which runs as follows:—" If any person shall wilfully and falsely pretend to be, or sliall take. or use the name or title of a physician, doctbr of medicine, surgeon, general practitioner, or apothecary, or any name, title, addition, desiguation, or description, implying that hels registered as such, or is recognised by law as•>' physician, surgeon, licentiate in medicine and surgery, practitioner in medicine ! or apothecary, lie shall upon conviction for any such offence pay a sum not exceeding twenty pounds." Whatever difference m opinion there may be as to the necessity for 1 the other changes proposed, there can be no doubt as to the need of this. It has been too long a reproach to the colony that the impudent quacks who date not practise openly in r Victoria, have only to cross the Murray to assume with impunity the rank of "Doctor," and poach in the most barefaced way on the domain of the legitimate practitioners, who have expended years of time and latge rams of money to qualify themselves for their profession. The injustice done to the medical men through the unblushing effrontery of these charlatans is, however, a small part of the mischief they do. Many persons in the country districts are not in a position to judge of the hono Me* of these *oi rfisant surgeons or physicians: the title of " Doctor" is sufficient,* the rest is taken upon trust, and it follows that large sums of money (the quacks have perfectly orthodox notions with regard to fee>), are frequently paid by unsuspecting persons to men utterly incapable of giving value in the sliape of skilled professional services in return. Sir AT.FHED STETHEX in moving the second reading of the Bill, pointed out that person* were not allowed to practise conveyancing unless properly qualified, because the transaction of such business by unskilled men would lead to endless lawsuits with reg«nd to real property. The clause, he said, was therefore, forthc l>enefit of the public evenmore than for the protection of the conveyancers, and so. also, the <>th clau.-e in the Medical Bill will be to the advantage of patients as well as to the benefit of the qualified members of the profession, by enabling the public to discriminate between the legitimate medical man and the charlatan. A STEiKiXG instance of the difficulties with which those engaged in the work of tuition have frequently to contend is afforded by the caw of Professor ANDREWS, head master of Wesley College, Melbourne, who was summoned last week to the Prahran Police Court on a charge of ill-treating a boy named FILLET, one of the pupils at the said school. From the evidence adduced at the police court enquiry, it appears that the lad, after a most strict investigation, had been proved guilty of per-, sistent lying, and that the teacher had very properly inflicted the severest penalty short of expulsion from the college which could be imposed—namely, the penalty of a good sound flogging. It might have been supposed that the boy's father would have been grateful to the man who had thus endeavored to cure his son of a proneness to one of the meanest, mostdisreputable, and sneaking in the catalogue of schoolboy crimes, but Mr. PILLEY, it appears, failed to recognise either the gravity of the offence or the justice of the punishment; he accordingly summoned Mr. AXDBEWS to the police court on a charge of ill-using the boy, and—what is still more strange—the defendant was mulcted in a penalty of six guineas. It is to be hoped that there are not many parents who, in mistaken kindness to their children, would go as far as Mr. PILLEY has gone, or many magistrates who would punish a teacher as Mr. AXDUEW.S lias beeu punished for the conscientious performance of a disagreeable duty, but, at the same time, there is unfortunately a great deal too much mawkish sentimentality on the subject of the punishment of boys, too great a propensity to " coddle" them, and the case to which we are referring is only one of the natural results of the feeling. The question as to the necessity for corporal punishment in schools at all is one which it is not necessary here to discuss ; much may, no doubt, be urged both for and against the system, and it is perhaps true that imder favorable circumstances the little world of a school might be governed without recourse to the old-fashioned methods of correction which have beeu adopted iu the old couutry from time immemonal. It is, however, tolerably certain that to the maintenance of discipline in a large boys' school, whence the cane and birch had been banished, a judicious course of preliminary home training on the part of the pupils must be a necessary antecedent; aud notoriously this condition is wanting in the case of the ordinary run of t colonial boys. As a rule, one of the first things in the common social life of the colonies to attract the attention and call forth the unfavorable comment of new-comers with oldfashionedjlinglish notions, is the marked difference perceptible in the relations subsisting between parent and child at home and In Australia. With ns iu a very large lucyority of instances parental,control becomes nothing more than a name as soon as a boy gets into his teens and learus to smoke and swear; tho acquisition of either of these 1>ad habits, indeed, being apparently looked upon in tho sarao light as the assumption of the toga mills was regarded by the Itomaus, Uninfluenced by tho wholesale restraint of parental rule in their earliest and most impressionable days, colonial boys cannot bo broken in to tlie discipline of a well-ordered school without some /*Heck more potent than the teacher's frown, and so—whatever the abstract merits of the anti-corporal punlshmentpriuciple—it has been pronounced nnsuited to the requirements of the colonies, and the time-honored institution of the birch has long been recognised as part and parcel of our colonial school systems, public aud private. Attempts, however, are very frequently made by persons who believe in the " coddling " process, to take away from the schoolmasters the only uieaus at their disposal for tho preservation of order ; a notable instance of this occurred not long since, when the Victorian Minister of Education, at the instigation of some of these soft-hearted individuals, issued a regulation prohibiting for a short time corporal punishment in State schools, aud now we havo another example in the <-ASE of Professor AKDUKWN For the sake of the future of the colony we hope to hear of no mom sickly squeamishness of this kiud henceforward. As we liave already said, with a large number of our boys respect to parental authority is a thing unknown; and if it once be generally understood that teachers arc prohibited from enforcing a ptoper discipline in their respective schools, the value of the said establishments for the training of our youth will be seriously lessened. JUDGING by the long period which lias elapsed since any action was taken with a view to secure an alteration in the Municipalities' Act, we had begun to believe that the attempt had been abandoned in despair, and wc are glad, therefore, to notice that the Albury Borough Council at any rate lias not altogether lost sight of this very important question. A notice of motion was tabled on Wednesday night to the effect that all the municipalities in the colony should be invited to bring their united strength to bear in order to obtain au increased endowment, and also to secure for the use of the various local bodies the moneys received within the several municipal districts on account of publicans' licences, wine and spirit licences, slaughtering licences, and dog fees, all of which sums in this colony find their way into the general revenue, although in Victoria they have long since been handed over to the shire and borough councils to supplement their already liberal endowment. We have no doubt tliat the motion will be carried unanimously, and that the proposed appeal to the other municipalities for eo-operation will be cheerfully responded to. They, as well as the Albury Borough Council, are perfectly well aware that without increased en dowineut local government in Xcw South Wales must soon become a thing of the past, and they must also by this time have found out that in the absence of any special stimulus Parliament is not likely to trouble itself about the matter for an indefinite period. In the lace, however, of so decided an expression of public opinion as would be represented by the unanimous voice of all the local governing bodies in the colony, the Assembly could hardly refuse to legislate on the subject, aud that speedily. AIJBUUV BOROUGH COUNCIL.--The ordinary meeting of this body took place 011 Wednesday evening last, the members present being the Mayor and Aldermen Adams, Fallon, Thorold, M'Lennan and Solomou. After the confirmation of minutes, a letter was read from the itev. C. Lane, asking that the house in which he resided should, so long as it remained the residence ol' a minister, be exempt from rates, the same as the residences of all the other clergymen in the town. The Council agreed to accede to Mr. Lane's request. The report of the Public Works Committee was then read, with reference to the application of W, Wilson to be allowed to remain in occupation of a part of the Punt Reserve. The committee recommended that Wilson be allowed to fence in half an acre upon condition that he pay a rent of Is. per week, and also undertake to erect a bathing ship fit for the accommodation of the public ljefore 1st September. The report was received. The followingaccounts were passed for payment:—J. Lipsett, £9 16s.; G. S Dttlley, £9 2s. In reply ton question from Alderman Adams, the Mayor stated that the Inspector of Nuisances could not summons persons for riding or driving over the footpath iu streets which were not aligned. Alderman Thorold asked the Mayor if any further intelligence had been received with respect to the application for a loan for water supply purposes. The Mayor 6aid no reply had yet been given by the Government, and Alderman Thorold then suggested that a Setter should be written asking the member for the district to ascertain as soon as possible what the Government intended doing m the matter, as in the event of refusal he (Alderman Thorold) purposed endeavoring to raise the moneyby a loan secured upon the rates of the town. He thought that it was high time something were done in this important matter. The following notices of motion were then given: —By the Mayor, the two regular . formal notices to the effect that the Public Works Copj- mittee should prepare the usual estimate ot expenditure, and that such estimate should be adopted. By Alderman Adams—" That the Government be asked to align certain street* at as early a date as possible." By Alderman Adams —"That the Town Clerk be instructed to communicate on behalf of this Council with all the municipalities in the colony, asking their cooperation in an effort to obtain:—First, an increased endowment for municipalities; and secondly, the payment into the municipal treasury of all money* received in the municipality on account of publicans' licenses, wine licenses, wholesale wine uud spirit lionises, slaughtering licenses aud dog fees. And that with u view to secure uniformity iu the petitions to be 1'oi warJcd to Parliament on the subject the Town Clerk be instructed to submit with his letter to each municipality a draft memorial for approval." JINHEIW.—Our Jindera correspondent, under date of Wednesday last, writes as follows :— "The most important item of intelligence which 1 have this week to convey is that of the return of the delegates despatched by a number of the farmers iu this district to report upon the aspect of land atfaii-s in New Zealand. The result of the trip has been to put an end to all thoughts of migration southwards for some tuue to come, the delegates reporting that so fur as they have lx;en able to ascertain there is no opening'in anyone part of the province they visited for the number of Jindera farmers who contemplated removal. Under these circumstances I hear lhat the nuyority have determined to make the best of their preseut positions, and several of 1 he farms which had been placed under otter to neighboring squatters have been withdrawn from sale. I trust they may have no reason to repent this determination, aud, honestly speaking, I do not think they will. All that is required in order to make the land profitable is the adoption of a more sensible ana rational system of farming. It cannot be expected that ground should vieid in cessant crops of wheat, year after your, without some of the elements of fertility being returned to the soil, and if our German friends would only awaken to this truth and act upon it. f do not think they need go a thousand miles away in order to get a living. And, on the other hand, if they do not recognise and act upon the fact to which I have referred they would not much better their condition even if they got new land elsewhere. I think 1 told you in my last that pleuro-pneumonia had made its appearance upon the common. The origin of the disease H, I have reason to believe, distinctly traceable to three working bullocks which were left in Hamilton Gully some three or four months ago 1 y teamsters, and which are now lying dead on the common. Why then- carcases have nut been destroyed I cannot take upon myself to sav, but there is clearly serious blame to be attached to someone. Not only do the putrefying bodies poison the air for a mile round, but tLey must also teud to spread the infection. I am glad to say that the contractor, Mr. Hill, of Wo .longa, is making rapid headway with the buildings for the new public school, which will, I hope, in the course of a lew mouths lie in full working order. Not, too, one day before it was required, as we have a large number of children growing up in a lamentable state of ignorance. I notice that the Albury Borough Council has at length got men at work destroying the thistles within the borough. This work has long required .Nttention, but still it seems to me that iu doing it now the Council is only shutting the stable door after the steed has been stolen. If the thistles had been cut down two or three months ago it wwild have been all right, but they have now shed th .'ir seeds, and for all the good the cutting will do they might as well have been left alone until next season, when a splendid crop may be expected. The ways of corporate bodies, however, aw not as the ways of other men, and so, perhaps. it is absurd to expect a municipal council in adopt the suggestions of plain comuiouseuse iu their transactions." HOWLOM;.—At the Huwlong Police Court, on Wednesday, before Captain Brownrigg, P.M., and Mr, W. B, Wragge, J. P.. the following c;ises were disposed of:—Lizzie llosson v. W. Smith.—This was a case of assault, adjourned from the last sitting of the court. A fine of 20s. was indicted, with 9s. lOd. costs. Maria Smith v. R. Hatch.— Defendant was summoned for the detention of property to the value of £4 lUs,, belonging to plaintiff. An order was made for the immediate restoration of the goods. The case of Andrew Rogers v. Thomas Whi taker was settled out of court, as also was a cross case between the same parties, in which Whitaker was plaintiff and Rogers defendant. W. Smith v. Stephen Lintott. —Defendant was summoned for rescuing two horses which had been seized in older to be impounded. At the request of the defendant, aud upon his paying the professional costs of the day, the case was adjourned to the next sitting of the court. Elijah ISvis v. Charles Ratke ; claim for £5, for trespass aud damages. Settled out of court. A magisterial enquiry was held on the same day, at Boyle's Hotel, on the body of Fanny Coulthorpe, an old woman about 80 years of age, who died rather suddenly on Tuesday. The evidence went to show that deceased, who was the wife of an old soidiev residing in the neighborhood, died from natural causes, aud the magistrate found accordingly. THIS SHODDY MEN AGAIX.—'The shoddy men would appear this season to be like Sir Boyle Roche's bird, in half-a-dozen places at the same time. By our South Australian exchanges we learn that they have commenced operations in the neighborhood of Adelaide, from the Melbourne journals we gather that they are in full swing in the vicinity of Collingwood, and only two or three days ago we understand Albury was favored with a visit from one of the gang. From what we have been able to ascertain the person in question did not succeed in doing a very large business iu tho Federal City, probably because the residents are tco Well acquainted by this time with the whole details of the swindle. As, however, he will probably push the trade in the country districts, it may perhaps be as well if wc repeat the warning given iu these columns some two years ago. The modus operandi of the shoddy swindler may be described us follows:—A well dressed and remarkably voluble party drives up to the door of his victim iu a smart buggy, and endeavors to get an interview with the mistress of the house—the shoddy men prefer to do business with the ladies. He then opens the campaign with a sensational account of the insolvency of some apocryphal iirm in Melbourne or Sydney, and announces that he has been commissioned to dispose of the whole of the stock- in-trade of tho said mythical traders at au enormous reduction uposi the prime cost. As a proof of the truth of his assertions the shoddy man then generally produces samples of carpet, calico, or some other material, the value of which is likely to be known by the customer, and offers'to supply any quantity that may be desired at a ridiculously low figure, The victim taken off her guard by the plausible manner of the swindler, and the really good value submitted in the samples referred to, is probably induced to examine, more of the shoddy man's goods, aud then pieces of cloth are introduced for her inspection. Of these the chances are perhapsLOU to 1 that she is no judge. The stuff is got up to look remarkably well, aud though iu reality w orthless Vubbish which would be dear at a gift, it has all the appearance of good cloth, and the couseipience is that when a stack of this flimsy material enough to clothe a regiment is piled up on the table and offered for four or five pounds—the price of a single good suit— the victim bites, and the swindler goes on his way rejoicing. Of the really cheap goods shown in the first instance, the customer is never allowed to obtain possession. Only " samples " of these arc shown, uud though orders are freely booked, they ait; never executed, the fiction invented with regard to these being that they are on the road in a long file of waggons, supposed to l>e lollowin up on the trail of the salesman. Sometimes the shoddy man, in his anxiety to dispose of the socalled *• cloth,"' audaciously announces that he has a number of tailors duly provided with sewing machines, stowed away in the waggon team, and that in the course of a few days he will be prepared to make up all the material sold into suits of clothing at the rate of half a ciown per suit, We need hardly say that the waggons, tailors, and sewing machines, exist only in the fertile brain of the swindler, whole sole stock-in-trade consists of his buggy, his shoddy, and an unlimited supply of impudence. TALLANGATTA RACES.—It has lwen arranged that the annual race meeting at Tallangatta shall be held on Friday, L7th March, the anniversary of the patron saint of Green Erin. A fairly liberal programme has been prepared, ami there is no doubt the meeting will lie well attended bv the settlers in the Mitta M.itta aud Kiewa dis tricts ; a greater degree of success would, however, iu our opinion, have been attained had some other day been chosen than that fixed on for races at Wodouga, THE LATE MR. FI.ANXKRY.—A large number of the residents of Albury and surrounding district paid a tribute of respect to the memory of the late Mr. E. H. Flaunery, district school inspector, by accompanying his remains to their last resting place in the Albury Cemetery. An interesting feature in the funeral procession was the presence of the boys attending the Public and Denominational schools who thus testified their esteem for the memory of a gentleman who during his lifetime took an active intercut iu, and did much to advance their educational progress. During the four years he held the appointment of inspector of schools, the late Mr. Flaunery sue ceeded in a very high degree in gaining the confidence of the children with whom he was brought into contact, and his visits of inspection to the various schools were regarded as pleasurable events both by pupils and teachers. The news of his untimely decease, at the early age of 41, when there appeared to be a long career of use fulness before him, has caused a feeling of regret throughout the whole of the district. SnciviNC rp A NO MuitiuiU M;\U V'ASS.— On the evening of Saturday last an outrage, resulting in the murder of a respectable man named James Omant, took place at a small store at Emu Flat, near Binalong, in close proximity to the railway works. Front the local journal's wc gather the following particulars :—It appears that Saturday last was pay day on the line and that the laborers after paying oil' their accounts at the store proceeded to enjoy themselves, after the lashion of navvies, at the two public-houses in the neighborhood. The store is kept by an old man named M'Commchie, who is said to be close upon sixty years of age. On the evening in question Onuint, a sub-contractor on Messrs Aiuos and Co.'s railway contract, had occasion to go once or twice to the store for change with which to pay his men their wages. The last time he went to the store was about 9 oYlock on Saturday night. As he entered two other men came iu at the same time, their faces masked with black crape. The moment thev entered they produced revolvers and drove the old man ana Omant into a bedroom adjoining the store. They ordered Omant to sit down in a chair, jmil M'Connochie they placed iu a corner. One of the robbers then endeavored to place a gag iu the old man's mouth. Omant seeing this went to M'Conuochie's assistance and a scuflie ensued during which Omant rau to the store with a view to get outside and raise an alarm. On reaching the bedroom door he turned to see what the scoundrels were doing to M'Connochie, when one of the two raised his pistol and fired, the ball entering Omant's breast, penetrating one liing near the heart, and the bullet iodging near a rib on the left side, A second shot was fired which singed M'Conuochie's shirt on the shoulder, burned the calico lining of the room, and passed through the galvanised iron of which the building is composed. Jn the meantime Ojnaot rushed outside calling out " Pm shot! help ! they're killing the old tuan." The robbers were then heard to say that au alarm having been given they must" slope," or words to that effect. They immediately rushed out of the store and iu the darkness succeeded in making good their escape. M'Connochie states that when he saw Omant fired at, he Sifted a sheath knife and struck it home to the butt in the side of one of the scoundrels and there left it ; blood was seen on the floor, but whether it was that of poor Omant or one of the murderers it is dilhcult to say. Omant succeeded in getting as Jar as M'Mullen'* inn where he lay down. Parties were at once dispatched to give information to the police at Binalong and Toss, and Sub-inspector Brennau and a couple of mounted men ut once started for the scene of the outrage and l)r, Perry also went. The Riualoug police were likewise speedily on ' the spot. Dr. Perry reached Emu Flat at daybreak on Sunday morning, aud under his direction the wounded man was removed to his residence. The doctor at once saw that the iniuries sustained must result iu speedy death, and lie took, it is suited, a dviug declaration from Omant. At 7 o'clock on Suuday morning death put an end to the poor fellow's sufferings. The perpetrators of this outrage are described as having worn light tweed suits, and the crape having fallen from off the face of one of them it is believed he can be identified by M'Connochie. If, as M'Connochie states, lie so seriously stabbed one ot them there can lie little doubt but that they will lie speedily apprehended. Au inquest was' held on Omuut's body on Tuesdaj', and a verdict of wilful murder returned. HOUUH os OitDMtn of MEJUT.—Baron Vou Mueller's scientific attainments are of world-wide reputation, but, as has been said of those gifted with prophetic powers, he has no honor iu his own country. Victoria, if not the birthplace of the Baron, has become his by adoption, yet so little appreciation is there of his scientific knowledge and botanical skill that a teeling of gladness rather than of regret would be jelt were the Baron to transfer himself and his learning elsewhere. A good deal of the prejudice that Baron Von Mueller has managed to create against himself has been owing to the persistence with which he stuck to the management of the MellKjurne Botanical Gardens, while knowing nothing of landscape or practical gardeniug, aud the opposition he showed to the appointment of auy one to take the practical control of the gardens, whilst he confined his attention to botanical researches. Since the Baron has been superseded in the management of the gardens, he has wearied members of Parliament aud public men geuerally with his importunity, until he and his grievances have come to be regarded as an insufferable nuisance. When his name was brought before the Legislative Assembly, ou Tuesday evening, in connection with the vote for the Government botanist, there was as much perturbation displayed by hon. members as if Mr. Gaunson had got on his legs for the purpose of speaking against time. Several members advocated the augmentation of the vote, in order to enable Baron Von Mueller to cam- out his scientific researches on a more extensive Wale than he bad been able to do, since he had ceased to have control over the money voted for the Botanical Gmdens. The proposition was scouted by the majority, aud although it was admitted that the Baron did not occupy the position to which he was entitled by his learning and skill, it was alleged he had only himself to thank for being to a certain extent got rid ot, as he had refused the most liberal offers, to the extent of a pension to the full amount ol his salary, and would be content with nothing less than the entire control of the Botanical Gardens, on which he had had the outlay of _£l*iO,<klO, and hud left the place a waste, howling wilderness. Speaking with reference to the vote, Mr. Hanna, who, like many otherpracticalnien, is inclined to thiukrather lightly of scientific attainments, said he hoped " the Government would see their way clear to laying this infernal ghost of a Baron Vou Mueller, which turned up every year on the estimates in the must disagreeable form possible. The Baron might have gained suflicient leather medals and brass buttons to till a burrow, but he considered it to be a robbery ot the country to have such a luau in a public position ; the Government ought to pension off the Baron, or get rid of him in some way or other." ACTION JOK SI.ANDKU. -At the Corowa District Court, mi Tuesd ay, the 25th ult., the case of Annabella Margaret. Thompson, of Corowa, v. William Cousins, of Bnrraja.camcon for trial before his Honor J udge Forbes. This was an action for defamation of character, in which the damages were laid at £200. Mr. Brown, instructed by Messrs. Blackiuore and Thorold, appeared for the plaintiff. The plaint was as follows " The plaintiff sues the defendant fur that the defendant falsely and maliciously wrote and published of the plaintiff in a letter'written by the defendant to Miss Bell, (au aunt of plaintiff^ the words following :—" Now let me tell you in plain words that for the last three veal's, Annie, (meaning the plaintiff) has been of her own live will and consent, my wife, and has been used by nie as such, (meaning that the defendant has had carnal connection with the said plaintiff during the said three years.) Tom Clifton is well aware of this, will he marry her, or will they be happy afterwards, if he does. Now, if you advise, or allow her to marry him or auy other num, you assist her in committing base pel jury, and you are a participator in the crime thereof. Show this letter to Mr. Taylor and her father, if vou wish, and if you do not answer it before Sunday I will publish the affair all over the district, t'wiil not be robbed with impunity." And for that in the month of November now last the defendant falsely and maliciously spoke and published of the plaintiff to the said Thomas Clifton to whom the said plaintiff' is engaged to he married, the Words following :—I shall forbid the banns us she has been my wife lor the iutl threu years." < By reagfti c f which defamations t he said plaintiff has been greatly harassed in mind and has lost tho society end hospitality, and has been degraded and disparaged in the estimation of hev friends and of the said Thomas Clifton, and has been previously damaged." The defendant admitted having written the letters referred to, and said they were quite true. The plaintiff who was examined at considerable length demised that tlie whole of tho statements made in the letter written by prisoner were false; she had never allowed him to take liberties with her, nor had she ever l»een for any length of time alone with him, Since the letter had liceu written, however, wherever she went she " becainc as if she was not wanted." For the defence the defendant merely asserted that the statements in the letter were tme, that he had no means;, and that he was working for 15s. a week. Cross-examined by Mr. Bmwn he admitted that he had sold a selection of 320 acres since the action was commenced. In summing up the Judge remarked that the action of the defendant had been most scandalous, and that the plaintiff left the court without a slain upon her character. A verdict was giveu for the plaintiff for the full amount claimed with costs. SIHAFKR.—Many residents in the Border districts will doubtless remember to have heard of the little German traveller Schafer, who at different times has been in the neighborhood,aud who not very long since passed through Albury on one of his pedestrian tours. The little man was quite u curiosity iu his way, and has during the past ten or twel ve years travelled on foot over the greater part of the civilised globe, collecting on his way the Autographs of all sorts of notabilities. Of late he has been directing his attention to the exploration ol the different townships in New South Wales, prior to a start for India, which lie had contemplated for some years past. We regret to learn, however, that his travelling career has been cut short. It is reported that the unfortunate little fellow lias gone mad. and that he lias been arrested in a state of lunacy on some mountain rauges in the neighborhood of Gulgong. His mania is saicl to take a peculiar form, somewhat akin to that with which drunkanls are visited ufter a prolonged debauch. He imagines that he is pursued by countless hosts of armed men, who desire to capture him for the purpose of submitting him to horrible tortures. He is also impressed with a conviction that the Ijeasts of the forest arc in league with his human enemies, and that an immense army of kangaroos aud opossums, with a reserve corps of iguanas and native cats, have been told off to secure him. To such an extent was his mind imbued with this extraordinary hallucination, that it was only when on the verge of starvation that he would approach the haunts of his fellow men in order to procure a supply of food. Ft was, we understand, on one of these occasions when be was nearly starved out, that his arrest took place. Ai.ncnr CUSTOM-HOUSE.—The collections at the Albury Custoui-house for the mouth of February, amounted to £2334 15s, 3d. Mn. VBHEVV PANORAMA.—Ou Monday evening next Mr. Verey's panorama will be exhibited at the Exchange* Theatre. The views comprise *ceucs iu Scotland aud America, and to judge from the favorable notices published by the American press, they are artistically executed aud well worth seeing. The most sensational, however, of the series are said to be' the scenes entitled " Ten nights in a bar room," which are described as depicting with great power and fidelity to nature, the downward career of the drunkard. These views of themselves should be sufficient to ensure for the entertainment the patronage of the local total abstinence organisations. The eveuing's amusement will Ite varied with the introduction at iutervals of selections of vocal aud instrumental music. This portion of the entertainment will be uuder the direction of >Ir. H. Alpen. (J'RASS lllGHTK GRANTED.— TIlC followill claims for defined pre-emptive leases have been approved, subject to the usual conditions :—Owen Daly, junr., 900a.. Mulleng.mdra; Susannah l'arkerj 900a., do.; .fane M. Hankiu.96i)a,, Yarra Yarra; .T. J. ami T. Keighrau (three lots) 21(»Sa., and (two lots) lSli&t.;, Henty : W. Holkers, 960a, Ryan ; Roljeit Rand (three lots) 255:2a., Rand ; Robert Stewart, flKOa.. Lachlau ; Henry Payne, !»00a., Mimosa ; Bernard Sweeney, 9G0a., Boultou; Charles H. Thee, .%0a., Norton ; Angus M'Donald, junr., 120a., Mullengaudra ; Kenneth M'Donald, 180a., do. ; Margaret A. Grain, 3(iOa., .Back Creek; Frances J. Somerville, (iuiia,, Corowa ; Patrick Madden, junr,, 840a,. Corner John Biunn, 840a., Comer ; Henry Braini, 540a., do. ; Jacob Levin, 1920a., Kentucky; Leyser Levin, 1440a., do.; Henry Levin, 1440a. do.; ( Abraham Goldberg, SlOlhu, Brocklesby ; I eter Grimm, 900a,, do.; Patrick Geary, 120a., Wyauglc; Francis Jenkins, 33(ia., 90<»a., and 240:1,, Waugh ; Francis Jenkins, 9G0a., Morundah ; Francis Jenkins (two lots) 1920a., Waugh ; Francis Jenkins, 9G0a., Mornndah ; James Witliiott, 900a., Cudgelo; Francis Jenkins, 1002a., Collogonia ; Francis .Jenkins, 1440a., Wood, and 2445a., Yarrabee ; S. C. Frazer, 300a., North Berrembed ; Mary Morgan, 000a., do. ; S. C. Frazer, 360a., do.; Mary Frazer, 300a., do.; Fanny Frazeiy 9G0a., do."; Annie Frazer, 9G0a., do.; "juntos Tninbers, 9(i0;i., do.; If. Clarke, 900a,, do. ; Emily. Morgan, '90i)a„ do. ; Lncy I Morgan, 900a.. do.; Coralie Morgan, 9(i0.t., do.; Bridget Ryder, 780a., Taivutta. OoMi-MiNlSfi LKASH K icvoKr.n.—The promise to grant the undermentioned gold-mining lease has been revoked i— Alexander Ehiislin and Co., 50a., near the junction of Johanna and Ournic Creeks. . FORFEITED COXDITIONAI. PURCHASES.—It is notified ill the last issue of the Guvem mmt Gaztitle that the undermentioned portions of Crown laud, conditionally ^iunchufed under the Crown Lands AUeii&iaflWuAvC;„ofc JfcOJ, having by the non residence, »f ijtfie'i purchaser* been" abandoned within the ijisanlng oi tlie said Act, the same are now declared ftjifeSted, aud such of the said lauds e^hall o#iili^!JHjieanlime be selected, will be sold by anction on a day to be named Thomas Albick. 40a., Urana; Edward John Markey, 320a,, Urana; William Hook, 40a,, Urana; Eliza Jane Nixon, 320a., Wagga Wagga. THE UPPER MURRAY MAIL SERVICE—A cor respondent ou the Upper Murray writes us follows :—" I see by a paragraph which appeared in a recent issue of the Banner that some inconvenience has been caused by the delay which takes place at the Bowna post-office in the transmission of Upper Murray mails, aud 1 think 1 can show where a sufficient saving of time could he effected in the service to permit of the arrival of the mail at Bowna before the departure of the Albury and Sydney coaches. This saving could, it appears to me, be made at Tintaldra. Under the present arrangement the mail leaves Tintaldra at 0 a.iu. for Tooina, returning to Tintaldra at 10.30 a.m. Now if instead of returning in this way the mail were to go right on from Tooiua, over an hour could !>e saved, and the change would cause no inconvenience to the Tintaldra people, who would still have from G p.m. until G o,uu ou the following morning to answer their letters. The time thus gained would permit of the mail arriving at Bowna by 11, or, if necessary, even by half-past ten in the morning."' THE BISHOP OF GorLui'RN.—From English journals to haud hv the last mail, we learn that the Bishop of GouHmrn and Mrs, Thomas were to take leave o! tlair lrieuds in Birmingham on the 5th January, on their departure for London, whence in a few days they would start for Australia. The Bishop proposes diseiuliarking at Adelaide, aud driving thence overland to Goulburn, a distance of two thousand miles. His lonlship has received several interesting contributions for the cathedral now in course of erection. His former fellow students at the Shrewsbury siliool intend to give a stained- glass window, and'the congregation of St, Martin's, Birmingham, where the Bishop preached on the 27th Decemlier, collected £55 towards providing a suitable pulpit for the cathedral. Mr. Xewdogate, M.P., has -sent £25 for the same purpose, and Mr. and Mrs. John Marshall, of the Red House, have also given £50. About jt'40 remains to lie collected for this object. FIRE AT INDIOO.—A lire occuired on Monday morning last on the tarm of Mr. Beck, at Indigo Creek. It was occas ; oned—as many previous fires have been caused—by the burning ashes falling from a pipe. The damage, done iu the present instance is said to amount to £200. RACING AT WAHGCNVAH.—A correspondent at Wahgunyah informs us that several well-contested events came off at Wahgunyah on Saturday. The first item on the programme was a match between Mr. E. Brown's Banister and Mr. T. Foord's Dawn. This race was won by Barrister. The next event was a sweepstakes of £1 each, contested by Mr. Reau's Mom, Mr. Moras'* Kitty, Mr. Brown's Juliet, and Mr. Foord's Blaeklock. Moro was the first to pass the post. The third race was for a saddle, which was coutested by Barrister, Moro, and Mr. l)u Frocq's Mountain Maid; the prize fell to Mr. Brown's lidr.se. The day's sport was brought to a close bv a race for a bridle, which was won by Mr. Whitehead's Sweetbriar. SCARLET FEVER.—With reference to the best measures to be adopted in cases of a sudden outbreak of scarlet fever in localities where medical assistance is not immediately procurable, the correspondent of a contemporary makes the following suggestion :—" Under such circumstances it might not be improper to adopt a simple remedy, which, having been found effectual in one case, justifies a trial of it in the absence of the usual medicaments. A person at Cargaric was attacked and the alarm ot the family was increased by the fact that several young persons in the neighborhood had already fallen victims to the dread disease. While preparing to send for a doctor a neighbor, who had gained some knowledge of the value of acetic acid in a ease of rheumatism, suggested an application to the patient. So quick was the effect that the services of the doctor were abandoned aud the patient progressed favorably to a recovery. Acetic acid is said to have the property of penetrating the system, relaxing the skin, aud giving vigor to the system, thus enabling it to throw off poison lurking iu the body. The simplicity ot the cure, as well as its cheapness, recommends a trial of it where no more reliable remedies are at hand, while its cheapness places it within the reach of nearly every family. In the absence of the pure acid common vinegar is said to produce similar results but in a minor degree." We give the above recipe for what it may lie worth, but notwithstanding its reputed w e v' mi ],| stronglv recommend anyone . ullfol. tui ; ate eU0U} , h to b ev 'i sited by the disease iu ii question <ni to lose no time iu securing proper medical tedi assistance. PHOHIUITION.—In the case of Glcit v. Glen, tried at the Alburv Police Court, a short time since, and in which the defendant who was sued by his wife for maintenance was ordered to pay 15s. per week, a prohibition was on Wednesday last successfully moved for in the Supreme Court, Sydney. The ground upon which the decision of the Alburv Bench wa« set aside, was that there could be no desert ion, as the plaintiff at the time on,v ,Hie n ™ idellt '"]•*li!^.'! .M' m the colony for a few hours. TORHANCE V. MACINTOSH.—At the Juries of Four Court, Melbourne, on Wednesday, the case of TOITAUCC v, Macintosh was tried before Mr, Justice Stephen. This was an action 1o recover £69 4s. Gd. ou an overdue bill of exchange, with interest. Mr. U'rixon appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr, Molesworth for Hie defence. It was not denied that defendant accepted the bill, butit was contended Hit his behalf that various sums had been paid by him towards liquidating tlie liability, aocmnnhif iiig iu the aggregate to £53 10s. The J«»y returned a verdict lor plaint:!!' damages £22 »' addition to £18 paid into Court, .. THE SAI^ OI' 1 WOOL IN LONDON.—-The followiag letter, which hae.been- fifrwantelbgr Mr. M. A. Brodribb to a Victorian contemporary, will he of considerable interest to woulgrowers in ltiverina " By the last mail I received my account sales of the last of my Wool shipped borne in 1875, and sold on the 3rd"December last—230 bales of scoured wool, consisting of second and third qualities, pieces and locks. The increased weights ou landing, as compared with the colonial shipping weights, arc 13u\vt. 3qr, 15lb. or 15551b., being an average of Gill), per hale, worth about Is. lOd. per lb., or £137 0s. 10d,, nearly enough to pay the freight home. The actual freight on the 236 bales was £170 5s. (id. Would you be good enough to publish this in your next issue for the information of Australian woolgrowers. My brokers are Messrs. Webster, Darvall and Co., 30 Coleman-street, London. These gentlemen send a respectable, reliable person to see every bale weighed iu the warehouses, and enter the weights iu a hook. He weighs the samples, aud the same person sees the wool weighed to the buyers. I am furnished with all the details, such as the shipping weights, the landing weights, the weights of the samples, aud theselliug weights." THE BENEFIT OP LIFE ASSURANCE.—'The following example of the advantages of life assurance has been brought under the notice of a Melbourne contemporary :—In August last, Mr. H. Glenny, the travelling agent of the National Mutual Life Association, induced the minister in one of the churches at Wahgunyah to insure his life in that society for £200. The minister had previously been iusured in another society, but owing to poverty, ami the claims of a large family he had been unable to maintain payment of the premium, and the policy had lapsed. The minister, after paying the first premium on the new policy expressed his l'ear that he would not be aide to provide for the next payment. The time of the second payment passed, and the days ot grace had nearly expired, without further beiug heard from him. Mr. Glenny had written a letter to him, suggesting the necessity of maintaiuiug payment, and offering him friendly aid, when he noticed an announcement in the paper of the uiiuister's death during the previous week. His widow aud family will receive the full amount of the policy. A LUCKY WESLEYAN CHURCH.—The anniversary services in connection with the Albury Weslevau Sunday Schoul will be held on Sunday, the 12th iiist., when special sermons will he preached by the Rev Mr. Iugamells, from Wangaratta. An entertainment to celebrate the occasion will take place at the Mechanics' Institute on the following Tuesday, when musical selections aud recitations will l»e given by the children attending the school. The proceeds of the entertainment will l>e devoted to the purchase of books for the use of the school. NIGHT SCHOOI .—Mr. Bamber, head teacher of the Wodonga State school, notifies that he intends to open evening classes for elementary instruction and for higher education. Mr. Bawber's experience as a teacher is second to none in Victoria, while his qualifications are of the verv highest order. U nder these circumstances his evening classes ought to be a success in every sense of the term. MISFORTUNES NEVER COME SIXGLV.—Unfor tunately there is too much truth in the adage that misfortunes never come singly. Mr. W. Hill, whose stores aud dwellinghouse were bunted down at Wodonga on Monday, owing to the uervous exciteiueut induced by the fire, and the danger to which his youngest child was exposed, burst a blood vessel on Thursday, and has since been seriously, if not dangerously, ill. Mr. Slater, a carrier, who worked very hard in the effort to save property and to prevent the Haines from spreading when the conflagration took place at the Wodonga stores, caught cold whilst heated train over exertion, and has sincc been confined to his bed. Dr. Duncan is iu attendance on both sufferers. \VODOX<;A R.UK*.—Everything promises well for a successful meeting on the Wodonga course uii St. Patrick's Day. Judging from the number of nominations received for the Handicap, there is every prospect of good fields, and where the horses are there are the public certain to he gathered together. St. Patrick's Day is usually observed as a holiday ou the border, and as there are no other amusements announced to take place iu the vicinity of the Murray, holiday uiaker« will be glad of the opportunity of enjoying a drive to the Wodonga course, uud the pleasure of witnessing creditable racing. SUDDEN DEATH AT BOWNA.—An old man named John Wornes died suddenly at Bowna at about 3 o'clock on the afternoon of Thursday. It appears that all the inmates of the house, save the deceased, went out on Thursday afternoon to endeavor to wrest the progress of a bush lire which was raging iu the neighborhood. On their return after a short absence the ohl man was found <juite dead. A magisterial enquiry was held into the circumstances on Friday by Captain Browurigg, who fouud that the' death was occasioned by natural causes. THE ICEATINGE TESTIMONIAL FUND.—We are glad to learn that contributions to the Keatinge testimonial are coining in very freely. By a notice which appears in our business columns all holders of collecting cards are requested to return them to the Hon. Treasurer by the 21st inst. MINING REVUSTIIAR.—Mr. H. E. Edwards hus celebrated by a picnic iu Mr, ! iiiil ^ i nil T near the racecourse, on Tuesday ^ h f i d , ; ? ' m ^ , thc I4tb ; ' To. COUBESI'ONDEN'TS.—The letter of "Pro l»ono publico refers to private transactions with which the public have nothing whatever to do. MELBOUUNK RACES.—AS will be seen 1'jom a notice in our business coliniins, holiday excursion fares will be charged on the North-eastern railfway for visitors to the Melbourne race?. THE LATI: FROI: AT BILLADONG.—From certain particulars which have come to light recently, there would appear to be good grounds for believing that the late Are at Mr. KeaneVstation - Billabong, was the work of on incendiary, and a coroner's inquest will probably he hold upon tlie ufl'air iu the course of a lew days. VISITING THIS SINS OP THE CHILDREN ON THE PAaENTH.—Whenever any event occurs of a. nature to arouse public attention the columns of press teem with letters from corregloudeuls who apparently cannot rest until they liavc given the public the benefit of their opinions as to what should^ or should not have heeu done under the circunifitauces. Sincc Professor Andrew, the head inaBter of Wesley College, was fined £5 by an injudicious bench of magistrates for haying given a well-deserved thrashing to a pupil, an enormous quantity of ink has been shed, for the most part in approval of Professor Andrew's conduct, and condemnatoiy ot the action taken by the justices, who have inflicted a deadly blow on scholastic discipline in Victoria. One correspondent, signing himself " Auglicauus," iu a letter to a Melbourne journal ventures, however, to disapprove of the Professor's conduct, and is kind enough to inform the jniblic what he would have done under similar circumstances. As a means of curing boys of the propensity of lying the course proposed by " Auglicauus " has the merit of novelty, although doubts may be entertained as to its efficacy. He writes as follows :—After reading the evidence in the case Pilley v. Andrew, I have arrived at the conclusion that the better plan would be to expel a boy who had been guilty of flagrant falsehood, having first given to the parent the alternative of a severe flogging." Parents, however much they may love their children, would, we are afraid, as a rule prefer to see their sons subjected to the ignominy ot expulsion to accepting in their own proper persons the alternative of a severe flogging from the teacher. Nor, even were they willing to submit to the sacrifice, is there the slightest probability that vicarious punishment would have any tenors for youths who are prone to shelter their misdeeds by falsehood. Since the youthful days of gentle King Jamie and his whipping boy. Sir Mungo Malgrowtlier. the royal child has not been exempt from the rod, and it is scarcely probable tliat iu the present day aud generation " Auglicauus " will find many converts to his plan of flogging fathers for the lies of their children, although were it to be adopted it might lead to the improvement of the manners and morals of the rising generation. SINGULAR AND FATAI. OCCURRENCE.—Alexmder Bell, a lad 15 years of age, son of a farmer residing at Gundowring, came by his death last week in an explicable maimer.* On Thursday afternoon the lad was sent by his father to a farm about three miles distant, with a rope. On his way ho met a young man named Seymour, to whom he complained that his father had refused him permission to attend a pic-nic on the following day. Seymour promised to speak to Mr. Bell, and endeavor to induce him to grant his son permission to go to the pic-nic, and the two parted, young Bell apparently making his wav to the farm. A short time afterwards two children going homeward from school saw the lad suspended by a rope round his neck from the bent truuk of a tree, with his horse standing quietly under him. The children were frightened and ran home, when they told their mother, Mrs. Barton, of what they had seen. An alarm was raised, and two men went to the spot described by the children. They found the boy Bell dead, suspended from a tree by the rape he had been sent to deliver; the rape was fastened by three running knots on to the tree, whilst there was a double noose around the neck of the deceased. An inquest was held by Dr. Muller, district coroner, aud a jury, on Friday. Evidence was given by the father of the deceased and other witnesses, but all concurred iu saying that they knew of no cause which could have iuduced the deceased, who was a promising and well-behaved youth, to commit suicide. After having heard the medical testimony, the jury returned a verdict to the effect that death had been caused by injury to the spine aud consequent asphyxia through hanging. BKTHANGA BNIDGE.—Fresh tenders have been called for by the Towong Shire Council for the erection of a bridge over the Mitta Mitta river, at Bethauga, and will be received at the Council's offices, Tallangatta, until noon on Tuesday next, 7th instant. No farther delay, we understand, is likely to intervene to prevent the bridging of the Mitta Mitta ou the direct line of road from the terminus of the North-eastern railway and the Upper Murray district, aud once the work is completed, which will probably be before the close of the winter, a large increase may be expected to take place iu the traffic betwixt Wodonga aud the settlements on the head of the Murray. COLONIAL WINES.—Another consignment of wines, consisting of six casks from the Ettauiogah Vineyard, was forwarded on Monday, via the North-eastern Railway, to Melbourne, thence per steamer, to Sydney, in bond. AUCTIOS SALES.—On Wednesday next Mr. T. Whitaker will offer for sale at his yards, Howlong Road, about 40 head of cattle, a quautity of farming implements and machinery, and a valuable lot of household furniture. On the same date Mr. W. C. Sleul will sell by auction at the vears ohl, in good condition. On Thursday, "March 10th, Messrs. R. Goldsbrough and Co. wfll sell by auction at their wool warehouses, Melbourne, the Burryjaa Station, situated near Corowa, between the Murray River aud tlie Billabong. The sheep are in good order and clip, heavy, fleeces; they are all of excel lent ages, uoue overweight tooth, and consist gf 4500 ewes 'iu, lamb, 3920 Wethers, 1500 weaners, aiid 80 rauis l iii all 10,<300\. " ' DEATH OF MB. E. H. FLAKNBRY,—WO regret to announce the death, on Monday evening last, of Mr. E. H. Flannery, Government Inspector of Schools for the Albury district, Mr. Flannery bad only been laid up for a few days, and up to .Mfiturday there was no reason to anticipate a fatal vbrmination to his illness. On Friday afternoon, indeed,, so confident did he feel of his early restoration to health, that an intimationWUR conveyed at his request, in the last issue of the Aibvx»j Jianner, to the effect that he would probably l>e able to resume his duties in the course of a few days, On Sunday, however, an unfavorable change took place ; he sank so rapidly that the case was considered hopeless by his medical attendants, and death occurred about ten o'clock on Monday night. The deceased, prior to his arrival in tne colony, was, we understand, teacher of the Trim Model School, near Dublin, under the Irish National School Board. Coming to New South Wales, he received the appointment of teacher of the certified denominational school at Yass, which he held until the year 1867, when the illness of Mr. Harris, one of the inspectors under the Council, rendered necessary the services of another inspector. For this appointment the Council selected Mr. Flannery, who was made Assistant-Inspector, in accordance with the understanding previously arrived at that no person should be placed in' sole chaise of a district until he had acquired some practical acquaintance with his duties under the direction of an experienced inspector. The annual report of public schools in the colony for the year 1867 states that " Mr. Flannery had been recommended to the Council for this appointment solely by his success as a tcacher and the general estimation in which he was held by all classes ot the community in which he lived." Soon after this Mr. Flannery was promoted to the full rank of Inspector, and in the beginning of the year 1870 he took charge of the Albury district in that capacity. Since then he has been indefatigable in the discharge ol very arduous duties, and was, perhaps, one of the most hardworking of the officials connected with the Council of Education. The deceased, who was much respected in the district, leaves a widow and five children tomoumhis loss. The funeral took place on Wednesday, and was largely attended. On Tuesday and Wednesday the Public and Denominational Schools were closed, as a mark of respect to the memory of the deceased. MINING BOARD ELECTIONS.—Some excitement was occasioned on Saturday by the polling for the election of members to represent the Yackan dandah and Beechworth divisions at the Beech worth Mining Board. For the Yackandandah division, Mr. Jessop was the successful candidate, having polled S5i votes to his opponent's 171. There were five candidates for the Beechworth division. Mr. Wright, the retiring member, was elected by a large majority over the other candi dates. RACIKG SCANDAL.—Reference was made in- -dfrectly at the time of the Wogga annual races to suspected foul play in connection with the running for the Cup, but evidently from the reticence observed, no proof was forthcoming to enable a charge to be sheeted home to the guilty parties—if guilty parties there were. Some farther light, however, seems to have been thrown on the subject The Express saj'6 :—" We believe that it is more than suspected that a 'sell' occurred in the race for the last Wagga Cup—the rider of a mare, which was heavily backed, having, it is alleged, been 4 bought oSV The owner of the mare in question, and those interested in her, are unfortunately unable to firing forward sufficient evidence for a racing tribunal to deal with, but they are, nevertheless, quite satisfied that the race was unfairly run, aud as their cfafus upon the turf is of the highest possible character, it may be considered certaiu that their suspicions arc correct. The gentleman in question would baldly form opinions without a strong base, and certainly not act upon them without defiuitc proof. Therefore, as the rider of the mare has neen dismissed from the service of the owner, it may be regarded as certain that the case is very black indeed, and we may mention, incidentally, that those interested are willing to pay .£100 reward for such information as will lead to the production of sufficient evidence to sheet the charge home to those implicated." NOT TO BE CAUGHT TWICE.—Once upon time, as story books say, a tradesman residing not far from the Murray, who had forgotten that St. Valentine had a place in the calendar, was in' duced to pay double postage on a letter that proved to be a wretched daub caricaturing his personal appearance. Experience teaches wisdom, it is said, aud having bought his experience the tradesman determined not again to be caught. A few days after the receipt of the valentine, a telegram was presented to him by a messenger, with the announcement that there was Is. 2d. to collect. "You can take it back where you brought it lrom," was the tradesman's rejoinder to the messenger, and the latter did as he was told. By and bye a mutual friend dropped in, and to him the tradesman confided thatan attempt had been made to get Is. 2d. from him for a telegraphic message, but he added significantly that he was not to be caught. " But it might have 'jgen a telegram connected with your own busies," said the mutual friend," and you ought not have sent it back as probably it was a matter of some importance." " Oh, I know better than that," replied the man of experience, " it was only another of these valentines, but they don't get over me a second time ; once bit, twice shy, von know." Explanations followed to the effect that the art of telegraphy had not yet readied such perfection in Australia as to allow even welched caricatures to be transmitted through the wire. The tradesman found that his over caution had. slightly misled him, and took means to procure the message he had so contemptuously refused. MUSICAL TALENT.—Mr. C. B. Foster, a young gentleman formerly resident in Albury, wliose musical education from the preliminary stages was Bu'pcVintended by Mr. H. Alpen, se'emn to be. making his mark as a pianiBt. Mr. Foster has for some lime past occupied the position of honorary pianist to the Melbourne German Liedertafei,* and having accepted an engagement as pianist and conductor to tho new opera company organised by M. Simonscn, he was entertained at dinner by the members of the Liedertafei previous to his departure for New Zealand. After dinner, the chairman, M. Emilc Ascherberg, in proposing the "guest of the evening," spoke in high terms of the young colontal artist who was, by dint of sheer, hard study, making a name for himself in the musical circles of the colonies. Herr Siede, on behalf of tho members of the Melbourne Deutsche Liedertafei, presented Mr. Foster with a massive gold medal Wring a suitable inscription, commemorative of the recipient's sen-ices to the society. Mr. Foster acknowledged the gift and the compliment paid him in appropriate terms. 