MEN OF THE WORLD. (FROM THE SATURDAY REVIEW JAN. 22 ) That " the world is too much with us" i no doubt true, but in spite of our devoted to material things, very few of us acquire the first rudiments of the great art of living the world. We quit life in lamentable gun range of its simplest laws, and without even understanding the causes of our constant failure. What is called the wisdom of on ancestors seems to be hereof very little avail nor are there any pages of history which n peat themselves with such certain point tuality as those that record the persistent neglect of the most simple and enduring conditions of life Men and women appear to acquaint themselves with the blunders of those who have gone before them for n other end than that they may be able to commit them again and this truth is now so widely recognised that we have invented a particular phrase to characterise the foot who exhibits betterkuowledgeof the practice rules which govern existence Men of the world are, in fact, men who understand how it adjust their lives to the circumstances that surround and control them They passes in a high degree that genius for the art of living which is so strangely denied to the greater number of their fellows, and the have the patience to study with due attend tion the facts which most men deem to simple and obvious for consideration An although we may all claim to be men of the world, in so far as we have no present access to any other, there are but very few who possess the qualifications which give to the privileged class its special distinction. The majority of men need more than a life' experience to determine the exact balance between possibility and desire, whereas the man of the world, endowed with the at of living, leaps at once to the conclusion and IB prudent without the long education of failure. He is not a philosopher, because he has no theory to support or expound, no has he the temper of the religious arthur Blasts who look for, ward to some future recompense for present ills On the contrary his constant endeavour is to show by example that life may be endured without protest or rebellion, and to prove by patten acceptance of what is unalterable than the average mern between man and his fate is not so bitter as others suppose. Taken it this highest sense, therefore, the term does not imply any kind of reproach. To do our duty in that state of life unto which it has pleased God to call us is indeed enjoined by the Catechism, and the man of the world only enlarges this precept of the church in striving to make him self as much at home as possible on the earth on which he finds himself Nor is i extraordinary that a person so gifted should be looked up to with respect, even by those who are cast in a very different mould. Tbi most ideal beings are occasionally arrested by the mere force of dull facts, and in such straits they are naturally willing enough to seek aid from others who are well in formed in material things, and to render it certain amount of homage to the man who not being above his place " in the scheme of creation, keeps an unshaken course by dint of a grave reserve of imagination and desire. But even the soundest creed may be tra vested, and the principles by which men of the world regulate their; lives are especially susceptible of caricature. Among those who are the distinction without possessing the qualities implied by the title two varieties have always been prominent The first consists. of persons who make a very little work of their own, and then pride themselves upon understandings conditions They commit the original sin of mistaking Pentonville or Belgravia for the universe and assiduously cultivate a local wisdom which, becomes the veriest folly when pushed beyond the narrow limits of their domain They suppose that existence is dependent upon the due observance of the most trivial social rules, and the) find in a reverent obedience to the latest etiquette a sufficient cure for all the maladies that over take the soul It makes but little difference in the essential character of this type whether it is found in the "upper ten or the lower millions. In either case the pigmy individuality is about the same size, and whether it dictates the laws of life to the drawingroom or the kitchen matters absolutely nothing. With such a person the man of the world is often confused. The larger outlook over life is not distinguished from the quick insight into trivialities, and it is rashly concluded that, because a man knows exactly the most appropriate costume for the skating rink or a garden party, he therefore understands the eternal conditions of human existence This type pre Rents, of course, the extreme form of carica- ture. The second variety affects a more plausible appearance, and the radical art, posture is not quite so easy of detection. He is not only a practical man, but a philosopher, and he is able to formulate the results of his experience for the benefit of his fellow creatures He professes to have endured in his time all the trials that overtake the most ideal boards, and to have collected a series of maxims which are to serve as a sure defence against all attacks of the rebellious spirit No problems, of the Boul- are deemed too treat for his drivelling analysis Life in its highest aspect is only the expression of a few trite proverb which may be committed to memory like the rules in a Latin grammar Once learned, these epigrammatic guides to conduct ought to serve for all the needs of human existence, and the man who cannot thrust his life into the narrow dimensions of this diminutive philosophy is a fool or a madman. It would of course render ex stone very easy if its profoundest principles could be set to the sort of droning music in which the philosophic man of the world delights The art of living could then be acquired like a recipe for a pudding, and failure would always be attributable to the omission of some particular ingredient at within the limits of a single play Shakespeare has admirably personified these three varieties of human character. It was necessary for the fall expression of Hamlet's nature that he should be brought into contact with the exponents of practical ideas, and accordingly the dramatist with the utmost refinement of art, has relieved his essential unworthiness against different depths of the wordly character. So refined, indeed, is the first contrast that it holds within it an element of harmony. Between Hamlet and Horatio there is a close and enduring friendship-a friendship which is in truth based upon the most profound differences of nature Horatio is the true type of the man of the world, but he worldhneBB is so noble and unseeking that it contrasts, without conflicting, with Hamlet s ideal vision Hamlet is in himself the expression in art of the artistic attitude towards actual facts ne is no nearer to the world than a spectator of a play to the life which it symbolises, and he is as in capable of carrying on the practical drama of life as the same spectator, if suddenly summoned from his place in the audience, would be of completing the un finished action of the stage His constant endeavour is to put himself outside the circumstances with which he is brought into contact, and to get far enough away from them to be able to measure their value and determine their drift This which he believes to be the necessary preliminary to action, renders him at last entirely powerless to act At each step he is only carried further from the real v> cold, and though his vision of it grows in distinctness, he becomes only the more incapable of altering or reshaping the fixed lines of the picture which rises before him. It is true that his fate combine with his character to keep him thus a more spectator of actual life. With happier fortunes he might have gradually bridged over the gulf that separated him from the reality, and he had already by his love for Ophelia attempted to find an ideal pathway that should lead him beyond the confines of mere speculation, but on the very threshold of the now realm be is met by a crime that makes him shrink back with double record, while, at the same time, it compels him to terrible action Side by side with this character we find the stood fast nobility of Horatio. Without a touch of what is sordid or selfish he never, theless possesses the unfaltering grasp of facts and the October reserve of feeling which mark the true man of the world. He bears himself gravely, but without cynicism or bitterness, as a man who has tutored him self to moderate desire by instinctive knowledge of the little that life has to offer Sbokapeare takes the earliest opportunity of showing the different realms which these two men inhabit, and their natural remoteness from one another. Horatio's incredulity about the ghost, his terror in its presence, and his final array of precedents for such eupernaturalintervention, are entirely charge tenance of a man strong in contact with all the shapes of earth, but weak as soon as he ceases to feel the firm ground beneath his feet And Shakspeare has made Hamlet both feel and express the support which such a character gives him The speech in which he declares his admiration of Horatio may be taken to sum up the qualities that belong to the man of the world - For thou hast been As one, in suffering all, that Buffon) nothing, A man that fortune 's buffets and towards Day to on with equal thanks and blest are those Whose blood and judgment are so well commingled, That they are not a pipe for fortune s finger To sound what stop she please Those whose blood and judgment are so commingled are the only men fitted to grapple with life as it is. They are not lost in the trivialities of existence merely because they studiously limit their; vision to what i possible, nor do they ever err so far as to mistake the petty rules of conduct for a divinely inspired philosophy. Between Hamlet and Polonius the contrast is sharper and more abrupt. The man who could appreciate the worth and nobility of Horatio's character, notwithstanding its high tance from his own, did not fail to detect the social charlatans of the old courtier. Polonius is a type of the class of men who delight to translate a narrow wisdom into a still narrower philosophy. He holds a firm belief that the land marks of human life are wise saws and trite proverbs, and his lamentable failure to understand all that lies beyond the trim garden of his own mind renders his philosophy, even at its highest point of wisdom, just a little short of the facts which it pre- tends to control. He begins by an endeavour to interpret the young Prince's nature. For a little while he indulges the belief that he knows both the source of the disease and its cure, and he gravely informs the King and Queen that he has discovered " the very cause of Hamlet's lunacy," proceeding afterwards, with a pompous decorum, to trace its growth through the different stages of sadness, fast, watching, weakness, and lightness. But, like all who suppose that practical wisdom is a mere store of neatly-garnered proverbs, Polonius is, throughout the whole drama, persistently at fault in his calculations. Notwithstanding his most laborious efforts to be wise, he is never in the centre of the situation, and is at last hurried out of life without even being permitted to indulge the kind of edifying death-bed scene that would so well have suited his ceremonious folly. He could have no part in the serious and awful climax towards which the drama was swiftly tending, and he is rightly despatched by the dramatist at the moment when he might have overheard things too great for his feeble BOUR to compass. But Shakspeare has reserved the most glaring contrast for the last. The pragmatic wisdom of Polonius has deceived many besides Claudius and the Queen, and his glib philosophy has been quoted with approval by all who suppose that " brevity is the soul of wit, and that the rules of life can be made a short season. Osric is a more evident carica- ture. He appears at a time when not even the true manhood of Horatio is of any avail to stem the fatal current of events, and when his precise triviality and elaborate devotion to fashionable etiquette cast a lurid light upon the principal action of the drama. Hamlet admirably bits off the qualities of the race of men who flutter upon the surface of society and pretend to a knowledge of the world. They have " got the tune of the time and outward habit of encounter; a kind of yeBty collection which carries them through and through the most fanned and winnowed opinions, and do but blow them to their trial, the bubbles are out." Osric, in his antique costume, is perhaps scarcely recognisable by his fellows of the present day, who do not wear rapiers nor speak his particular dialect ; but he is neither better nor worse than hundreds of every age who are accounted men of the world merely because they do not trans- gress the laws of the drawingroom. It is remarkable that Shakspeare is not endowed any of these characters with personal ambition. Horatio, Polonius, and Osric have all an existence independent of the main action of the drama. They are not interested in the plot or its event, although they are prominent during its progress, and the contrast which they present with Hamlet is purely one of character uninfluenced by fortune. In other places Shakspeare has images for us men of the world whose control of facts is gained and exer- cased for private ends, and whose practical power is directed by ambition. Bolingbroke) in Richard II., and Octavius Caesar in "Antony and Cleopatra," are splendid examples of great power used with distinct Eutpose. But in "Hamlet" the dramatist as simply endeavoured to contrast differences of character without the antagonism which is begotten by opposing interests. Horatio was Hamlet's true friend to the last : Polonius was not less friendly in intent, and Osric's diminutive brain could not have held ambition. 