INAUGURAL LECTURE EY HIS GRACE ARCHBISHOP VAUGHAN IN THE NEW GUILD HALL. On Monday evening last his Grace Dr. Vaughan formally opened the new Guild Hall, just erected by the Holy Catholic Guild, in Castle reagh-street, and delivered an inaugural address in it. The hall is undoubtedly the finest in Sydney, as it affords a larger amount of sitting room than any other ; besides its acoustic pro perties are very superior, every word of his Grace's lecture being distinctly heard in every part of it. The hall is computed to hold 2000 persons, and on Monday evening it was so crowded a quarter of an hour before the lecture commenced that many who were anxious to hear his Grace were unable to obtain admit tance. The title of the lecture was 'Hidden Springs,' and up to the time his Grace explained the meaning of them not one of the vast assem blage present knew what was the subject of the discourse they came to listen to, and this was the more remarkable as the excitement of the people to get in was intense. The Rev. P. J. Mahoney (chaplain of the Guild) occupied the chair, and all the clergy and principal members of the laity had seats on the platform. On his Grace's appearing on the platform he received a most enthusiastic reception, the audience to a man rising and vociferously cheer ing him. Throughout his lecture he was fre quently interrupted by bursts of applause, and at its termination the audience again rose and testified by loud and continuous cheers their delight and. enthusiasm. His Grace oaid that he appeared before the large audiance which now met hia eyo, at the request of the Warden and Council of the Holy Catholic Guild, who had done him tho honour of requesting him to open the spacious hall (of which h8 had laid the foundation-stone some twelve months ago), by giving a lecture on any subject which he thought fit to select. Ho accepted ths offer in the spirit in which ifc had been made, and felt pleasure in identifying him self with those solid and Catholic principles on which ho believed the Guild was founded, Besides, he deemed it a duty, when a fair opportunity' was afforded him of telling whole some truths and of giving sound advice to people in whom he felt an interest, not to let that fair opportunity slip by, either through sloth on his part, or from fear of the criticism of opponents. Indeed, himself he did not care to hold princi ples which would not stand the rough usages of the openest warfare, or which would collapse and fall to pieces when they were most required to stand their ground ; and as for sloth, which in this climate had many votaries, he hoped, so long as ho had health of body and brain, to keep that enemy at bay , and to spend himself and to be spent in the service of Christianity and in the interests of the people. Such being the case the next question was, ' What is the Lecture to be about ?' He had already confided to them this much, that it was concerned with ' Hidden Springs ;' though, at tho came time, he candidly confessed that those two mysterious words conveyed scant; infor mation to the mind. But for that very reason he moisted that they illustrated all the better the subject upon which he was about to speak. The large assembly which he saw before him was most assuredly drawn together by some one attraction common to them all. Bach man and woman present had been acted on by some force or influence or Hidden Spring, secret from the eye, and beyond tho reach of the hand ; guided by its influence they left; their homos, oonverged upon that building, entered that hall, and were now prepared to listen to a diccourse regarding the subject-matter of which they possessed but the vaguest information, Now, the whole universe, said the speaker, is moved by Hidden Springs, or unseen influences.' From the sleepless universal operation of gravi tation to that movement in the heliotrope which turns it to the sun: from the mysterious laws which regulate tho milky way to those which govern the fern fronds, ice-stars, and saline crystals of our planet ; from the highest star on the forehead of night to the lowest gem in the bosom of ocean — everything is hidden from us, except outward operations and sensible phenomena DuBois Reymond, who said he scanned the whole heavens with a telescope and found no God ; and Lawrence, who remarked that on opening the brain with a scalpel he found no soul — simply declare in their own language a fact, patent to any thinking man, namely, that the world of matter and the world of spirit have more in them than the lense or the knife can discover ; and that science, when tho microscope, tho telescope, and the test-tube have done their utmost, has, after all their scrutiny, to declare that were they to probe, 'Deeper than did ever plummet sound,' they would be as far from the initial forces, the Hidden Springs of tho Universe as they were when they began. And as that wbich builds and weaves and quickens oil matter is invisible, impalpable ; so is it with the master-forces which sway that great world of man which, makes up the human family. The actions of mankind, from that day on which a solitary pair trod the green slopes of Eden to the present day, with its countless nationalities and many-sided civilizations, are catalogued and compared in what are called tho annals of tho world ; but underneath these actions, as the root is underneath the flower, as the works are concealed within the clock, exer- gize those hidden forces which are at once their origins and their explanations. Not that tho complicated movements on the world's wide stage are always or ever set in motion by simple operations. The influences are generally mani fold and divergent, thwarting and crossing each other, being jarred and dislocated by antagonis tic impulses, which turn tho direct motion into carves, zig-zags find diagonals, creating such eccentric velocities as at times absolutely to defy the calculation of man. Still, there is generally to be found in every age some steady master-pressure urging in one direction. and that so powerfully, that the vortices and eddies, the counter-streams and cross-currents, are carried along with it ; and in spite of opposition and confusion, and appearances to the contrary for a time, it fixes the destiny of an era, and gives its direction to generations of mankind. Such are those master-springs which, whilst they maintain society in its present status, are not without their influence on the individual heart. It was evident that such centres as these must be intimately bound up with moral and religious principle ; for no other powers possess that permanent force and that piercing character necessary for moulding nationalities, for creating civilizations, and for developing, or stunting, the spiritual elements of man. What he proposed then to do this evening was to uncover and display three great Hidden Springs of this description; the first, governing and directing that old world which is passed and gone ; the second, wholly different from the first in its position, its setting, and its workman ship, which still maintains the present equi librium ; and tho third, which, though not yet possessed of its full power of leverage, and standing in the background, threatens to come forward and reverse the present courses of the world. Of the past he would say but little : for the past is gone ; and where tho tree fal's there let it lie ; but the now, .said the speaker, the now is in your hand ; and is of enormous interest, nob so much on account of its present attitude, as because of its impress on the future, and the part it of necessity is bound to play in the mouldings of the coming race. And each man and woman, and each child it may be said, however poor or illiterate, however humble or solitary, exerts a certain influence, good or evil, on the future ; we are all our brothers' keepers : and forces that impinge upon an unborn genera tion, Hence, no life is utterly useless or for lorn, no power ever wholly thrown away. And aa all those present had their part to act, high or low, in the great drama of life, ever ending with a tragedy : as he know an well as they knew, that, they could not shirk the deep responsibility even now at this moment weigh ing on their shoulders ; such being the case, he thought it would be a useful and an instructive thing to lay bare the Hidden Springs that moved the world, to point out their nature, display their effects, and indicate the attitude those who love God and what is best in man should assume in their regard Indeed, no thinker animated by a genuine love of his kind, no man identifying himself with the people amongst whom his lot is oast, and saeking their highest happiness and ready to use such, ability as he had to serve them, according to his humble view, could have suggested a subject more pregnant with momentous interests, more central to the heart, or more likely to suggest . guidance for the future — a future in which their deepest interests might; easily be jeopar« diaed, in which much light, courage, and direction * might suddenly be required. He did not propose to treat tho subject as a theologian, so much as a philosopher ; not so much even as churchman, as a citizen of no mean city ; as one possessed of. an unfeigned affection for an interest in his fellow-colonists, especially those who found their homes in that bright spot in which ife wan his happiness to dwell ; and those still more especially, who were supporting him and sarrounding him that night. Every one there present conld not be expected to agree with each detail of his argument : that was inevitable ; but he entertained little doubt that in the main, in the general current of hia dis quisition, reading men, acd especially thinking men, — men who meditated much though they talked little — would follow him with. approval ; and feel compelled, through tho influence of f aots and forces, to fall in, though they might havo wished it otherwise, wich his general con clusion. 1\. — Casting on one side then all secondary and minor sources or springs of aotion, the three master forces of the past, the present, and tha future can be summed up in three words, Paganism', Supernaturalisms and Materialism. - Now these terms are as yet, no far as we are concerned, mere words, which may signify any thing or nothing. Let us draw some definite meaning from them by the help of common measure : so that, thus, whilst we bring oui their true significance, we may at the same time, by throwing thena into contrast, gain a firmer hold of their external shell, so as all the more searchingly to probe their hidden kernel, And, first, these three words are used to connote and call before the great religious or moral positions in which vast masses of mankind are found, and that for so considerable a season as, for the time, fco be held as permanent. The origins or Hidden Springs of these three especial conditions of humanity are then what we are in search of, and desire to analyze. We will probe beneath the surface, and expose the secret root ; and point our the source of those movements which threaten the future, or which have already . been acted out on the stage of life, before all eyes, and are recorded in tho history of the world. Let us now take our common measure, and gauge these influences and contrast them. Religion, then, appears to be made up mainly of three elements ; first, the idea of God; secondly, the idea of man, and his relation to his God ; this relation comprising a system teaching . what to believe and what to do;' that is, dogma, including mysteries ; and ethics, or a scheme of morals ; and, thirdly, a form of worship; or a cultus. If by comparison we discover the relations in which Paganism, Supernaturalism, Materialism stand to those three elements which make up religion and morality, we shall have n chance of getting at their centre cell, or inmost core, or Hidden Spring ; and through a threefold comparison of them, by throwing them in con trast or in harmony, as the case may be, we shall gain some knowledge of their fundamental differences, and appraise them at their intrinsic value, It is evident that a society or nation will be ... greatiy moulded according to its practical idea of religion and morality ; and will take its tone and temper from what it is taught to admire, reverence, and adore ; as well from the view it entertains of its own imperfection and depen dency. As a man's God is, so will man be ; as he knows himself as he really is, so will he stand a chance of perfecting his nature, and fulfilling his destiny: as a nation adores, so will it be developed : and according to ifca trnthful vision of irself, will it fall or rise ia the ocale of moral power. If a people's god be like to Typhon, the people will be gloomy ; it it resembles Moloch, it will be cruel ; if the Paphian Venus, the people will melt away into softness and effeminacy. And if they do not understand their own deficiencies their wound in nature, they will, assuredly, sooner or later, make shipwreck, and founder with all sails set ; or die of a disease which they were either too proud to acknowledge,, or too gross-minded to discover. 'Let us rapidly throw our tape across this Paganism, not so much as an objeot of present interest, but because we shall thus be tho better able to understand the character and position of those other two Hidden Springs with which we are principally concerned. ' ' First as to its divinities . ' The gods of the Pagans,' says De Quincey, ' were wicked natures ; but they were natures to be feared and to be propitiated ; they were fierce, they were moody, and (as regards man who had no wings) they were powerful. Once accredited as facts, the Pagan gods could not be regarded as other than terrific facts ; and thus it was that in terror, blind terror, as against power in the hands of divine wickedness, arose the ancient religions of Paganism. Because the gods were wicked, man was religious, because Olympus was cruel, earth trembled, because tho divine beings were the most lawless of Thugs, the human being became the most abject of sycophants.' Again : ' The gods in some systems of religion, have been such and so monstrous by excess of wickedness, as to insure, if annually one hour of periodical eclipse should have left; them a the mercy of man, a general rush from their own worshippers for strangling them as mad dogs. Hypocrisy, tho cringing of sycophants, and tho credulities of fear, united to conceal this misetheism ; but we may be sure that it was widely diffused through the sincerities of the human heart. An intense desire for kicking Jupiter, or for hanging him, if found convenient, must have lurked in the honourable Roman heart, before the sincerity of human nature could have extorted from the Roman stage a public declaration, that their supreme gods were capable of enormities which a poor unpretending human creature would have disdained.' Such were tho gods worshipped by millions upon millions in the past ; monsters of cruelty, brutality, vindictiveness lewd overgrown men, lolling on Olympus, their wickedness intensifying as you ascend the mountain of debauchery ; the twelve Paladins of the Pantheon being vile, concrete demons — whose very smiles would make the stoutest hearts shrink, and the boldest spirit quail. Below man in intellectual gifts and spiritual endowments, intoxicated with the quintessence of depravity, mortal, subject to disease and decay, pain and annihilation, they were more like the hideous dreams of maniacs, than deities worshipped by reasonable creatures in-' a living thinking world. Thus were the heavens of Paganism peopled ; such were the divinities, such the gods of the Greeks, who so intensely loved the beautiful ; such the gods of the Romans, who so reverenced that law and order which their gods trampled on with such unmitigated ruffianism. Such being tho Pagan God, what was the Pagan man ? Man, in the estimation of the Pagan world, was, in many respects, looked on as a superior kind of animal, whose one object for living was to secure the interest gratifications of body and brain at the least amount of cost or suffering to himself ; and in the fulfilment of this double lust, his final end was placed. He had no sense of gilt or sin or repentance or supernatural love, just as some men have no ear for music, or no faculty for colour. His instincts of heart, head and sense, were his rudder ; passion his sail. He lived through his span as merrily as he could, he made tho most of it, and then lay down to die. He cultivated every instinct to tho highest, that it might yield him the largest cup of pleasure ; and he drank off his draught of pain as an inevitable necessity, and held grief to be an arrow discharged into him through tho vindictiveness of tho gods. His mental eye did not know how to lift its lid above tho horizon of the earth ; or, if it did, no effort; was made to pierce beyond. Thus he lived, in some ways a splendid animal, in others a brute ; for his noblest impulses and most divine, received no stimulus or culture, and remained in embryo to the end. In little also did he differ from the flower springing at his his feet, or tho bird shooting across his path, — except in wickedness, — for if truth has to be told, his fierce and lawless passions, and his demon pride, were stimulated rather than assauged by the kind of brutalities he worshiped, for they debased and crushed his original nobleness to an extent almost incredible. The picture of human life pointed by Paganism with its 'Bursts of great heart, and slips in sensual mire.' is simply appalling ; and surpasses in the sense of horror it creates — on account of its reality — the worst circles opened out by Dante in his exhibition of hell. Below we see men, brutal- ized by every form of depravity — though here and there receiving a lacquer from intellectual culture — and above them, close over their heads, families of hideous gods, deeper dyed in vindic tiveness than they, a stronger in physical force, monsters, winged-animalisms, capable of manoeuvring around them in the air and worry ing them, of striking them, and then wheeling out of reach of retaliation. Fully to realize these murderous natures which made up the Pagan Pantheon, you need but open Dollinger's 'Gentile and Jew,' or peruse the celebrated chapter on tho subject by St. Paul. Now, in what relations did these men stand to the gods ? Was it a relation of love and re verence ? Just tho reverse. Their relation sprang from secret hatred and craven terror. The malignity of Jove is proverbial. The suf ferings of Prometheus were caused by his having befriended man ; whilst Herodotus him self assures us of tho secret detestation which the nations through which he travelled enter- tained for their divinities. Common prudence itself would recoil from placing trust in tho club of demons who disported themselves in eternal outrage on Olympus ; and whose spite fulness sealed up every avenue to confidence, and whose cruelty excluded every approach to love. Man hated the gods, because they were brutal and cruel ; he feared them because they were stronger and better equipped for commit ting outrage than himself. Such being the relations, what positive teach ing is found amongst the Pagans ! First, as to creed or a code of dogma ; Paganism had abso lutely no creed, no dogma ; it had no sacred book; nothing resembling a Pentateuch or Gospel, or even a Koran. The gods had no moral relation whatsoever to man, who hated them and feared them. "They were,' says a lively writer, " mere odious facts, like scorpions, or rattlesnakes, having no moral aspect what- ever, public nuisances ; bearing no relation to man but that of capricious tyrants.' Had the Pagnns than no code of ethics ? None. Their mythologies and legendary tales amused the multitude, but they had no moral or dogmatic bearing. The only code of ethics which the Pagans practised was that which was distorted by brutal instincts, and corrupted by contami nation of the gods. 'Religion,' says a high authority, ' in the eye of a Pagan, had no more relation to morals than to shipbuilding or trigo- nometry.' There was just one thing the Pagans had, though they lacked a code of action and a scheme of Faith — thay possessed, a worship or cultus. The gods, as they ware stronger than men, and at the same time cruel and capricious, had to be propitiated. So they were soothod and softened by means of death and carnage. Banquets were offered them to mitigate their ferocity, and to assauge their demoniacal craving after blood. Let another voice tell what these gods gained by these Pagan sacri fices and parties. What they gained, says an able writer was this— " the luxury of inhaling the groans, the fleeting breath, the palpita tions, tho agonies of tho dying victim. This was the dark interest which the wretches of Olympus had in human invitations to dinner ; and it is too certain upon comparing facts and dates, that when left to their own choice, the gods had a preference for men as their victims. All things concur to show that precisely as you ascend above civilisation, which continually in creased the limitations upon the gods of Olympus, precisely as you go back to that gloomy state in which their true propensities had power to reveal themselves, was man the genuine victim for them, and the dying anguish of man the best 'nidor' that ascended from earthly banquets to their nostrils ; their stern eyes smiled darkly upon the throbbings of tor tured flesh, as in Moloch's ears dwelt like music the sound of infants wailing.' It requires a violent mental effort, such as minds engrossed by active pursuits are scarcely capable of, to realize the condition of the pagan world and to grasp the whole bearing of such a ' Total eclipse Without all hope of day.' And it is difficult to conceive that these pictures are not made up of the skimmings of a diseased fancy, or tho fumes of a poisoned brain, difficult to take in tho astounding fact that millions on millions of our fellow-creatures were born, lived — we cannot say ' flourished' — and died, in the midst of this pandemonium, and weighed down with this living nightmare. Yet so it was ; and that too for centuries, and in the fairest portion of God's creation, and in tho midst of exercises of mind and imagination tho most perfect of the kind. What now is the Hidden Spring of this vast corruption ? It consists in that centre of fierce lust in the animal man, which, when tho counter checks are taken off, gains mastery over the reason, stains tho imagination, and corrupts the heart. The very existence of tho supreme Maker, the pure Creator, is ignored, and His idea expunged from the mind : the whole Super natural kingdom melts into thin air ; heaven is shut out with a vault of brass, and a hill on earth, peopled with animalisms, takes its place for men to worship. The human race becomes drugged, body and mind, with the poison of brutality, and begins to assume a form and condition resembling chronic madness more than anything else. Man reverses tho whole divine order of facts within him and without him, which is tho name thing as upsetting the world into another chaos ; brute instinct tyrannises over reason ; tho beast enslaves and rough-rides the man ; and the world becomes simply a receptacle for beasts of prey. Had not man proved this on a large scale when passion had its sway over him ; were there not amongst us records of to what abysses he is able to sink, how low the lamp of purity can flicker, and how dark the night can spread, we could not have believed it. It seems man cannot only fall into the abyss, but can absolutely forget his destiny : ' For awful truth it is that man Forgets the heaven from which he fell.' So far for Paganism, and that dark curtain thrown by its Hidden Spring across the world. 2\. — Now it was the Supernatural that crushed that spring, and sweeping the hill clear of the unclean families of gods, destroyed the wall of brass;, opened out tho heavens, and gave a totally new direction to the current of human life. Taking the Supernatural in its length and breadth, such as it has exhibited itself at large on the broad stage of the world for well nigh two thousand years, and viewing it in its integrity, we can compare it with the Paganism as fruit can be compared with fruit. He used the expression the ' Supernatural,' and not Christianity, because the former word possessed a wider significance than tho latter, and included societies of men, who, though they reject tho Christian system as unproven, still believed in a Supreme Being, tho Ruler and Rewarder of mankind. Whilst the Pagan's eye does not range beyond tho natural world, and whilst his reason acknowledges no forces which are not identified with earth — the Supernaturalist takes in a loftier range, a wider vision, detects in the movements and sequence of events, in the heaven above him, and in the mirror of con sciousness within him, the evidences of a Power Which is not nature, but above it ; which is not one of nature's manifestations or phenomena, but which is tho Hidden Spring of its manifold developments and multitudinous life. The Supernaturalist is contrasted with the Pagan by this radical difference: that whilst the latter in reality starts fram his own baser self as a centre, the former quits self, and places the centre of the universe and tho measurement of its courses, and the main instrument of his own perfection, out of nature, out of self, and fixes it in tho Supreme Governor of all. Thus it is, possibly, that man bears about with him a sense of banishment ; and though more happy than ever Pagan was or could be, still, feels as if there were something wanting ; as if he were, after all, away from his Father's House ; — that very thought producing a sweet sadness, which has nothing about it of tho bitterness of grief. Is not this minor key referred to by the Poet when he sings — *' We look before and after And grieve for what is not, E'en our sincerest laughter With some pain is fraught, Our sweetest songs are those which tell of saddest thought.' How stands the Supernatural respecting tho idea of God, of man, and their relations ? As contrasted with Paganism it is as if in an instant tho darkest night were suddenly changed into the brightest day ; as if the most loathsome and painful hell were by a flash transformed into an expanding joyous heaven : it is like an intellect, maddened by apparitions of terrific wickedness such as to overset its balance, instantly relieved, and restored to peace and rest : finally, alike awaking from tho thraldom of an overpowering nightmare, which stops the heart, and leaves its victim fully awake, gasping for breath, and half undone by the very relief afforded in the consciousness that that which seemed so real and go terrible, was, after all, but tho effect of a momentary hallucination — so radically opposed are the consequences respectively produced by the Hidden Spring of Paganism, and that which broke it up and took ito place. First, observe the contrast in the Super naturalist's conception of Almighty God. Take it, as drawn out by one of the deepest aud per haps the most cautious thinkers of our time — 'I speak then,' says he, ' of tho God of tho Theist and of the Christian : a God who is numerically One, who is Personal; the Author, Sustainer, and Finisher of all things, tho Life of Law and Order, the moral Governor : ono who is Supreme and Sole ; like Himself, unlike all things besides Himself, which all are but His creatures ; distinct from, independent of them all ; One who is self-existing, absolutely infinite, who has ever been and ever will be, to whom nothing is past or future ; who is all perfection, and tho fulness and archetype of every possible excellence, the Truth Itself, Wisdom, Love, Justice, Holiness ; One who is All-powerful, All-knowing, Omnipotent, Incomprehensible.' Here then is a Being supreme in every characteristic, excluding all taint of imperfec tion, not of the world, but still ruling it as its Maker and its Guide : All-powerful and All seeing ; and the Essential Love, as He is the Essential Justice, Holiness, and Truth : Incom- prehensible on account of His very Greatness ; still, revealing Himself to man, speaking with him, not being very far from any one of us, on account of His surpassing love ; a Being possess ing in their fullest flower every conceivable attribute of goodness and of beauty ; and yet exquisitely harmonious in the midst of tho coru scating variety of His riches as they externally reveal themselves to man. Next, what is the Supernaturalist's idea of man himself? He regards man as a being created by the Supreme God, and as placed in a condition of discipline on earth. His centre is ont of the circle of self, and within the triangle of the Trinity. To this centre, unless blocks ara put in the way, he should and does spon- taneously tend —the sparks of his soul flying upwards: Tho aim of his life is ever to be approaching, nearer in likeness to his Maker ; to whom in character of reward, eventually, if he has performed his mission. he will pass, and there find tho fulfilment of every desire, and that peace unspeakable which in the highest form of rest. The years of this life are to him really valuable only go far forth aa they fashion him for hia future, and secure his permanent happy destiny. Tho joys and delights which make up tho goal, which direct the aim of the Pagan, to him two of comparative small account ; " He looks on all the joys of time With undesiring eyes.' For his imagination is possessed with tho idea of the exquisite happiness of an endless reward, which, though hidden behind tho draperies of tho future, he still feels to be fairly within tho grasp of his supernaturalized ambition. With all this he is sensible of tho struggles of tho baser nature within him, and of tho thraldom and irksomeness of tho passions. He is con ooioua of an internal dislocation, of two laws combating within the arena of his being ; the man and the beast continually at variance, occasionally at rampant war ; he is sensible of a disharmony which he cannot conquer ; he feels himself out of tune, and partially unstrung; robbed of tho robust health of his original con stitution ; weakened in will, darkened in intellect; and swayed by gusts and sudden violences of passion, which seem at times stronger than himself ; and, which, indeed, he cannot, of his own power alone, subjugate or effectually control. Hence he is as it were forced to look out from the contentions and insurrec tions within himself ; and, wearied for want of rest, his higher nature yearns upwards, and stretches out imploring hands for help: and 'as the eyes of the servants are on the hands of their masters ; and the eyes of tho hand-maid are on the hands of her mistress, so are his eyes unto tho Lord his God until He have mercy on him.' For he knows, whilst he is praying, that 'Life meanwhile Is in tho loom where busy passion piles The shuttle to and fro.' Thus man feels himself helpless, so long as left to his own resources, indeed, it may be said doomed, if not assisted by a higher power, to corruption and to ruin. Still he despairs not. He possesses an over-mastering conviction that He who made him what he is, and holds him in His hand, will not treat him ill ; and that as tho perfection of his being and tho fulfillment of his aspirations are alone to be found in God. ha will one day really be brought in contact with them, and drink out of that Cup which an unseen hand all his life had been holding near his lips. The relation between God and man is now easily drawn out. As the pagan god and man are antagonistic at every point to tho God and man of tho Supernaturalist, so is it with their relations, In what temper could the helpless, help-seeking man of the supernatural look up to the Eternal of Infinite Holiness, beauty and charity, save in that of humility, reverence, and worship ? God would be to him as tho sun to the flower, as tho dew to tho lattermath, as tho sap to growing trees. He would be to him a spring of external warmth and light, and of internal life and peacefulness. Man would regard his Supreme Creator as tho Way to walk, and as tho Truth to guide ; and as tho Life by which work is done and light absorbed. He would regard Him as a mighty and affectionate Patron, whose favour would be more than superabun dantly made up for, indeed wholly transcend, the loss of all else besides. He would know by experience that the personal love of such a Being was of itself heart-filling and soul-satisfying ; that ' That perfect vision of His face, Which we, for want of words, call heaven/ was sufficient without anything more, to content for an eternity the deepest cravings of mortality. He would, in one word, feol satiufied that to bo really loved by God, waa, oveo in thin world, to be replenished with all that man oouid want ; and that to know his will aud to do it, woo the ond of life, aud the nuinnuun bonum of tho crea ture, Has this God of tho Supernatural bestowed on map a system of belief and a code of moral action, and a form of worship propor to Him self? To reply to thia wo must grasp tho Super* natural in ita wliolo extension, nnd in tho fall si/jnifieanoo ofitu power. It oin be looked upon aa a vuot wide-embracing force, ..which haa exerted a greater away over the deatiniea of man than any other that haa ovor ohook fcho world. Place oae point of the compaoa upon Catholicism as a ccntre, nni fthon stretch out tho other point till ib fall upon Theism pure and simple, describe tho circle, and within thafc circumference tho whole domain of the Supor natural ia contained. Ia proportion ao yon quit the centre and prococd towaids the circum feronco, you leavo the impregnable stronghold of immovable dogma and unchangeable morality behind, and gradually find yourself in a bleak and barren region, till ab last you come upon the sandy level of naked Theism without its safeguards and guarantees. Whatevor man may beliovo as to its objective truthfulness, no student of history, no serious thinker, can enter tain a moment's doubt that tho Catholic Church has been from the days of Christ till now, and promises indefinitely to continue, the very heart of tho supernatural, and the main stronghold of tho unbending, tho stubborn dogmas of relig gion. What, then, is this Catholicity which forms tho centre heart of tho Supernatural? for where the heart-centre is, there tho main es sence, and tho distinctive characteristic will be found. To sketch ifc rapidly : It bogen with fcho as suming human nature by that God whose principal attributes have already briefly been discussed The Incarnation is by far the greatest portent that haa over taken place in a univerae filled with' marvels, and created by: Almighty Power. Tho infant of Bethlehem, the Boy of Nazareth, the Man of Thabor, the Sufferer of Calvary, the Jesna from fche Tomb ; 'that one voice, that einglo hnnd which cbsDged water into wine, turned tho broad awiffc emronfc of tho world. The virtue from that solitary man—for Me waa a God—lent a new pulse to the human huarc, a stronger1 spring to human energies, a brighter light to human eyes : and displayed a vision of glory, future and inexpressible, before the astonished sense ; thus lifting humanity, os . o; e mm, on to a higher level, and directing its noblest strivings towards an imperishable goal. Aa tho brown silent forest In northern latitudes on the first warm day of spring- stand clothed suddenly in green and are alivre wil.li song1— that which was just now .-still and rigid, throbbing with multitudinous life — so suddenly almost did the Pagan World give way, avIicu the sun and sap .of a new creation warmed h'm soul, and rose xa the heart of man. The rion of Justice alone possessed those penetrating- rays which could overcome man's blindness, and bend his «tubborness of will, lie alone could create the sap of a now form of life, and cause ifc to course in the channels ot hnmanity, and. supernaturalize it at every extremity. Ho it was who knew how to touch the epriugo of many hesitg at once, and in many places, and to impait a subtle virtue to, and to set a hidden spring ol 'divinity in each member of tho huniau family : :so that, to reour to tho figure jnsfc mado uso of, ?each tree of the wild forest would be changed ?yrith an electricity, which nature, with all her ?varied capabilities, had not the powerto bestow. fGpd came down, wa3 made man, became in the likeness of the Good Samaritan, to lift man up, to rest tiio drooping head upon His bosom, to pour oil and wine into the failing strength, to breathe into the sinking frame a new Divine invigorating breath of life- Ho came for each man and for all ; bub for eaoh, as if for him alone ; for tho unit, and for tho family mado of onits, for sooiaty composed of {amiliep, for Kingdoms, Erapireo, and Republics compec^d of the vavioua cociotioa and nationalities which make up tho population of tho world, He came to Join man to God, and to lift up humanity by toeans of th.o Supernaturr.'.' ;o an end and destiny beyond tho passing hour. ' Ho oamo to infuse rfiew aVtevial blood into the conduita of life, and ?to 'thrill the creatufo with a now sense, with a ^so«r revelation, of ita v/eakooosoa its capabilities, 'and itn deefciny ; and no far to m:iko him a partaker of Divinity as to render him consoionci Of his fellowship with a be'tfcer and au abiding city, whilst; he held himself to bo in pilgrimage, and under discipline on earth. Such is a portion of tho moroies offered to man through the Supernatural, It was soaroely necosaary for him, the opeaker, to draw ont from hiotory the ^results and opef rations of the Christian fccbomo whioh formaifcho barDing-poinfc of tho aupernatnral. The hietory ? p£ the Church, of her dogmas, hoc moral discipline, and her worship, isoimply thehiafcory of the posfc-pagau world for eighteoa hundred years. The heart of the supernatural, in tho duration of ita enorgie3, in tho power with whioh it has urgod tho afcreani of supernatural life into eaoh extremity of tho world, nnd. its firm, steady beet, and hoalthfulneao, cr.a bo compared to nothing analaqous in the hictory of Churches or of Stafcoo. Strike tbio great fact; from hiofcory, and you throw hiafcory into chaos, if you do not actually annihilate ifc for over fourteen hundred yoara. . Igaoro ito influence on humanity, and you render philosophy a dronm ; aa well might yoa ignore youraolf, Bed with it, whether you will or no, you must j hato it, decry it, blacken it ; t-hia you may do if you will, but in doing no you blacken and decry the human family itself j whatever yon do, you mnot admit its claimB, or at leaafc its power no a hard faot which cannot be got over, .' Its foundations may bo said to have been laid with Christ preaching on the mount. The mountain of the Beatitudes was Hio Olympus, qnd He w^a the only God of it. A peaceful region, .and a Divinity bo truthful nnd bo pure — in fiercest contract with tho hideous divinities of Paganism. Here Dumb laid down the principles which wero to regenerate and reconstruct tho world. Ho chose Hia Twelve. Ho went, and sent His Spirit 'in Hia stead. The Twelve wore replenished with it, cud Peter represented tho Voice which wan heard bo more. That email Gociety, multiplied from the one centre of infallible teaching, was guarded by the protec tions of the spirit of truthfulness. Tb.ua there wbb bestowed upon the world an unmov'ng Cathedra of certainty as to belief and action ; therejj wns an^over — replenished store-honso of Bupernatural grace to enable man to do what he saw to be right. What began on the hill was carried to the Catacombs j it next roBe to the Basilicas, and spreading itself with rapidity abroad, penetrated into and pervaded the civil Bociety of the world. It ascended from the streets up the steps of the imperial throne, into the Assembly of the Roman Senate ; ifc entered the solemn tribunals, and fixod the divine seeds of a supernatural destiny in the hearfca of Emperors and'Sonators, aadthe exponents of the imperial lami of Rorna. Thua opening their minds as ?Was to receive and marble to retain ' the principles and Hidden Springs of a nower life, they fulfilled their destiny in cultivating tho Boil made suddenly so rich by the generous hand of a saving Providence. Of the old civilization whioh paosed away it was not necessary to treat at any length, He, the speaker, would content himsolf by pointing tbwarda one great representative of the super* natural who forms a conspicuous land-mark \-- atnongBt the wreckage of a broken world. St. Gregory the greafct sitting oq the Throno of Pater, the representative of Chrisfcs and tho impersonation of Christian authority and faith, stands out as in a picture, amidst the decay of the older cnlfcuro, as a type of the supernatural principle in its relation nob merely to religion, . bnt to the civil order of the world. If the Christian' commonwealths of thio boi.i would look upon their origin, lot them caafc tiVr eyes upon Pope S\ Gregory, govorning wibh Patriarchal rule the three- and twenty patrimonies of tho Church ; or if they prefer it, upon Pope St. Leo III.; iiolemnly crowning the civil power in the person of Charlemagne on Christmas day at the tomb of the Apontlea. i -And thus, for seven hundred years, whilot men were one by one elova'ed by Sacramental Graoo, seonrod iu atabilifcy by a teaching ultaro' with a consoiouanesa of protected truth, ami guided by a steady oaward haad to Heavou, Kings and Princes of the world, States and commonwealths looked upon the Church, the heart of the Supernatural, as occupying an malonous position in their regard. They held that the Law ot tho Ten Commandments which bound the individual Conscience, bound alao the consciences of empires and abates, of kings and civil Rulers ; and that the moral action of the State should play in harmony with the high protected teachings of tho Supernatural. In a word, not only individual men, but kings and legislators, statesmen and warriors, were Catho- lic, and were possessed by that principle of obedience to rightly constituted authority which is the surest guarantee of the stability of the throne and the liberty of the subject. Then the wrench came of rhe sixteenth cen tury. Should he say it ? Pride and sensuality even at times within the sanctuary: sloth, wealth and worldliness amongst a portion of the clergy; occasional corruptions and even scandals amongst rcligious orders; ignorance, 'and that fierce bigotry which follows it as a shadow, as well as the wealth daily spread out before their eyes, offered to those who had been checked by the spiritual power for their vices, and who hated discipline, a pretext for confusing the evil deeds of a handful of men with the guiding principles of the Supernatural which those men trampled under foot, and for bringing about that greaft land-slip, which, when once effected, became the cause of endless and multiplying revolutions in the religious world. The first large landslip bore within it the principle of its own separation from the heart of the Super natural ; and as every master-principle is the fruitful parent of a thousand phenomena, no sooner had that spiritual territory slipped from the rock, and fallen to a lower level, than it alao became the parent of endless other slips, till what was once one solid ground, became broken up into a thousand fragment. For each new form of the Supernatural, as it parted with that which was logically its parent, left behind it some positive doctrines, some moral axioms, some time-honoured disciplines, till, at last, nothing remain but naked Deiam, which speedily travels to those confines where the terra firma of the Supernatural meets an altogether different element — tho wide quagmire of level Materialism, on the bittar ocean of heaving unbelief. Such is the logical, and indeed inevitable progression in the working of an initial principle, which begins by showing an insignificant crack in an outer buttress, and ends in the radical destruction of that into which ito wedge has been inserted, And here it is important to observe what a superficial mind might not perceive tho full bearings of, namely, that the fact of individual Catholics having abandoned the practice of reli gion and the principles of the Supernatural, in, in reality, no justification, indeed does not hold out the slenderest cloak of an excuse for tho repudiation of those principles themselves, or for violently jerking religion, as by a sudden twist, from the only logical basis on which it can stand with any hope of remaining firm, To offer as a sufficient reason for trampling on the law the paltry, not to say criminal excuse that a certain number of parsons have not observed tho law; to introduce anarchy just because certain members of society have not been kept in order, has an unmistakable touch about it either of lunacy or cunning ; and suggests tho suspicion that those who thus philosophize must have some selfish end of their own to serve. And when this is done in masters of religious principle ; when the only stable principle, that is to say, authority, is rejected, and the princi ple of confusion is made to take its place ; then ifc is merely a question of time and circumstance how soon destruction is to follow. For when once a system of morality and faith, which restrains passion, curbs pride, humbles man, directs his life within and his actions without, id shoved from tho square block and level founda tion of authoritative truth taught with unerring security, on to tho slippery incline of the indi vidual judgment which changes with the weather, one inevitable consequence follows ; tho ball will not rest till it rests at the very bottom. As a rule, whatever of positive teach ing these rolling fragments of Christianity may have retained is tho result of their previous oneness with tho heart; of tho Supernatural, that; city on the mountain top, with 'Her godlike head crown'd with spiritual fire, And touching other worlds.' The landslips, even the biggest of them, have, after all, simply fallen from the outer edge ; the Rock remains all tho more conspicuous from ita very isolation, and the adamantine bases on which its towers are reared are now partially unveiled before the eye. And if what Mr. Gladstone says be true, viz , that 'Tho Christian thought, the Christian tradition, the Christian society, are the great, the imperial thought, tradition, and society of this earth, ' this earth owes that circumstance to tho Catholic Church. If it be true, as another able, writer says, that 'The great principles of Christian morality are now so interwoven with our habits of thinking, that we appeal to them no longer as Scriptnral Authorities, but as the natural suggestions of a sound judgment ;' if such be the case, we owe it to the fact of human society having been steeped in the Baptism of tha Supernatural for over eighteen hundred yeara. Deny it as men may, let them be ever s0 much ashamed of their spiritual lineage ; tho philosopher is not deceived. He traces to their source, however distant, the shallow waters, and discovers the causes of the stag nant pools ; and he finds the initial springs of all of them in that fountain of living waters which wmIIq up towards everlasting lifo in the City of tho Saints. Thf-u^h. they may have kiQj their vital qualities, though they may have ;'ro\7Q brackish or oorrupt, anil, ha triiOO3 what reuaaina of good in them to their true origiu ', and knows, fehongh now they havo loafc their savour, that they once wore limpid portions of the Living Spring; Many amongst thtrn retain some lineaments of pkst.creatnesH, some veotigeu teoro or leae of the Divine Original ; and though inarred and mutilated, though but chips and torsos, he gazeo on them with affec tionate regret ; with affection, in proportion as they still retain some token of their origin ; with regret, on account of seeing eo much beauty tarnished, such graceful symmetry destroyed. The Catholic thinker must needs feel sympathy for everything within the circle of the Supernatural — sympathy in proportion as he draws his eyes from the circumference of that centre where in perfect loveliness the ' Mystic Queen ' of the Supernatural holds her oourt;. And after eighteen centuries of battle has tho Great Mother of men lest the force of her arm, the flash of her eye, and her high proverbial courage ? Does she not still prosecute h°r sleepless work, her paramount mission of saving souls ; does she not still ' go about doing good,' and sanctify with her gentle pre sence households and families of men ; and, though fallen on an evil era, still influence with her elevating, purifying spirit, Kingdoms and Empires, nnd the whole civil order of man kind ? Her bitterest enemies are loudest in proclaiming that she still exerts her power, and not in vain ; that she is no antique, or bee in amber ; but an aggressive Life in contact with the for-ce of tha modern world ; and roused up all the more to energy, juab on acoounfc of the violence of opposition. 'From a dormant, as was thought defeated super stition,' says Mark Pattison, " Catholicism has become an aggressive and menacing force. It is backed by millions of hereditary believers. It is armed in Spain, mutinous in Italy, rapidly re-advancing to the re-conquest of France, and takes the whole force of Protestant Germany to keep it under. Mr. Gladstone himself assures the world that ' for working purposes ' the Catholic Church has the advantage over all other forms of religion, and that in this respect they have suffered loss by leaving her. She is possessor he says 'of by far the most elastic, the most closely knit, and the. most highly centralized organizations,' when compared with the denominations, which are of more recent date. This Heart of the Supernatural, of whioh tho Vicar of Christ is the Supreme Commander, he nays, is ' organized like an army in which each order is in strict subjection to every other order that is above ifc. A thousand Bishops are its generals ; somo two hundred fchouoand clorgy are ita subordinate officers ; tho laity are ifca proletarians, Tha auxiliary forcaa of this great establishment; aro the monanfcio orders. And they differ from the auxiliaries of other armies in that they have a yet stricter discipline, and a more comploto depend ence in the head, than- fcho ordinary soidar. , . To the chain of an un broken continuity,' he continues, Si to tho majoaty of an immense maaD, to the energy of & oloaoly serried organization,' the Catholic Church, this Heart of tho Supernatural, ' adds another and a more legitimate source of strength. It undeniably contains within itoolf a large portion of the individual life of Christen dom. The faith, tho hope, the oharity, which it waa the office of the Gospel to engendors flourish within fchio precinct in tho heart of millions upon milliono. . . Many boautifnl and many noble characters grow up within ifc. Moreover, the babes and sucklings of tho Gospel, the poor, the weak, the uninatruotod, the simple soula who in. tranquil spheres give their soul and hearfc to God, and whose shaded faith ia not scorched by tho burning questions of human thought; and life, those persons are '- probably in tho Roman Catholic Church by no means worse than they would be under any other Christian system. They swell the mass I of the main body ; obey the word of command i when it reaches them ; and they help to supply the resources by which a vast machinery is kept in motion. i So, according to tho testimony of our ablo ; adversary, thin vast machine, this most elastic,! closely-knit and highly centralized Heart of tho Supernatural, whioh we call the Catholic i Churoh, is beyond comparison, in its tough strength, in its dynamic power, in its ooloosal i size, in its adaptation to the gigantic work placed for it to do, superior to every other. Ao ! she baa been for centuries bo is sho still in this ; nineteenth century, the main spring of the j Supernatural, the ohief antagonist, the Leader, agaiasfc which the foul monsters of the future will have to throw themselves, if thoy would overrun, and ravage thio fair world which God haa given us, and darken the heaveno with. fcheir poison ons breath. The secret force of this Hidden Spring i° identical in kind with that whioh energises in tho centre.noul of tho individual man. For tho Church lives and acto from a D.vine ond Super natural impulse, from which proceed those roBtraining principles which maintain tho world in order j and thoso renovating stimulants whioh lift society up to, and fis it on tho baaia of Supernatural facts. It consists in her pos~ 3O3sing a complete revelation of supernatural truth, and an ever-abiding and intelligible voico in interpretation and applications, both on fcho plain of intellectual vision, and that of prac tical action ; it consists in her being tho fountain-head from whioh proceed covon dio tiucfc channels of supernatural light and onorgy, by means of which man's reason ia oomfortcd by the gift of faifcb, and hio opinfc emboldonod to love and hope ; ifc conoisfca In eaoh ordor of tho social hierarchy receiving its own proper gift and graoe for the right fulfilment of its avocations ; so that all mankind may, in tho steady light in the permanent ylow of the Supernatural, bo urged irom within, and attracted trom without, ! ' To scorn delights, and live laborious day a' jj in working out ita higher destiny. Ib conBi&to; I iu the faot of thuC Great Mother kuowing her owq miod thoroughly, and ia times of peril, and of mental conflict cspocially, bo'dly r.nd em phatically, without rc?pect of peroon or powers, declaring it, and anathematising (bo wrong; and in her possessing a Supernatural insrinct to place truth and goodness before expediency and success ; and in her (simoafc Divine peist.-trr-t.ion in seeing an enemy through any mask, and ol pioking out and rejecting such priucipiec, how ever plausible, whioh Beeiring to be doing the reverse, really tell against her. S&e; billet bos. time, snd doca her work, and off' rs hor anti dotes to the poisono of the ago ; and knows, t:S no other can- how to gird herself up for the con test, and launch herself out on the f'-e. Her secret force consists in her stern authoris ativo insistence that tho;:e, ife matters not who they may be, who disobey the law, whether ao written on tho heart, or given in the gospelo, will, of a surety, if they die impenifcenb nnd in mortal sin, perish everlastingly, and. th&t; thrap, on tho contrary, who make ifc the great ol juct of their life to fulfil the will of their Creator, and dioiu. a state of grace, will be rewarded for over vrith exquisite delights. It, moreover, f:cn;i-t£s irx her impressing on man an id^a of bin real character and condition, so that he knows himself as he really ia ; and h;.s an abiding consciousness of hia own personal debility, and bears ever about with him a sanse of sin and a consequent temper of dependence and humility : he comes to realise, through her teaching, the idea of guilt and of repentance ; and begins to practise, not merely fr.bo3e_more masculine virtues which are summed up ia the four cardinal characteristics of a no bio atld well balanced mind, but those other virtues alaoj especially, connected with the Gospel Revelation, and emphatically shown forth in the life of the Incarnate : such as humility, patience, sweetness, gentleness, neli-rr-preafiiou, forgetfnlness of Delf and thoughtvulaese of othero ; all which virtues, wheu exhibited ia their fairest bloom, represent to tha world, , men and women of the highest fcypa, and of the most exquisite symmetry of soul. These flowers of the Supernatural spring up in a carnal world from the Hidden Spring of a Supernatural root, ann redeem human lifo from ntcer desolation. Snch men aiad woman as those sweeten earth's bitterness j and, whilst casting a ha!q of soften ing light into the caideofc recess of humanity, and oaviag the fallen from despair by their angelic love and gentleness, dwell here, nofc.13 the Pagans did, not ao casting thsir lot; with earth, bnfc as men making use of ib as a many«. ranged ladder which they daily have to climb towards 'That God which over livea and lovee ; Ono God, one law, ono element, And ono far-off divine evanfc To which the wholo creation moves.' Thua earth ceasoo to boa place oi_ damp fog and disappointment ; ita darkest eniigtaas are sufficiently solved to open tho doo? of hope 5 tho nombro future ia piercod into by p. clanfc o£ light : doatb, with hie hamdfscyfche, is discovered to bo ' Bnt a Mediator ' Betweon tho lower and tho highor life.' The inequalitiea of the earthly course, ths unequal distribution of wealth, health, and talont, aro explained in the promises ot fche future ; and tho creature, by thus identifying himself with the, Supernatural, nob only per fects his moral .^afigpSer an a man, bnfc rundora earth ifcnolf mc&Ji; '^ ^feitablo by making man moro happy 5 whli^Jlae. higher forms of virtue receive c otimulua'\vh'ich no other system, of philosophy or religion can supply. Suoh being the action of the heart of tho Supernatural : In what relation does it stand to those larger and larger circles round ift, which describe a wider and wider sweep, till Deism pure and simple is confined within the widest ? In what relation does it stand to Anglicanism, Presbyterianism, Wesleyanism, Congregationalism, &c;, and to the various forms of Theistical belief ? It stands in two distinct relations to all these. First, there is placed an impassable logical gulf bafcweoa ife and them. For, whilst the Heart of tho Super natural, tho entire Catholic system hangs f rom the one hook of a Divinely-given and unerringly, interpreted Revelation ; those various cystem'B represehted by the outer circles, hanf frmm as many different hooks as there are man's heads to fis them in ; are, in point of fact, the crea tion of the private judgment of each individual man. Thus the logical gulf which yawns between the Catholic Church and the Denomi nations, is as wide as the difference between tho mind of God and the mind of man. But though it is an admitted and pates i; fact that this gulf does exiafc between the Churoh »nd the Denominations : still a certain sympathy is oreated where there is identity of belief ; and that, though, in the one case, the belief ia made £0 reofc on premises which do not warrant ife. A man may, and many men do hold true con clusions upon false premises j as man's hearfc is often hotter than his head ; bufc the fact of an illation being falfie does not by any meana imply that in so the conclusiou is untrue, or causa the lover of truth to love the truth the less. Thua the Catholic philosopher,, whoso heart , beats with the blood of the Supernatural, sympathises with the Den nominations in proportion aa they have retained and teach. a greater number of Catholic verities; whilch his sympathy gradually loses its edge iu proportion as thoee Truths dearoase in clearness and in number, nnd bolief dwindles down, townvdo the outer ring, which includes the simple assertion of tho existence of a God, On the other hand, the Denominations, if they study their own interest, and deeply prize tha doctrines which they still retain, will, bo far forth as the Church teaches and defends tho cardinal principle of tho Supernatural, lock up to her as the great Heart of 'Christianity, as a, sustainer, more potent than all them together, of tho fundamentals of thoir own religion ; and as an organised army which it becomes their dearest in t orest to encourage and assist against a common foe. la a word, though fundamentally different in fcho logical basis of their ey3toma, though this difference) in radical, and will remain bo, between tha Chnrch aud the Donominationu ; and thongh the Denominations will, from the very nature of the basio, never agroe iu detail amongst themselves : and though, do long ao a common enemy does not otart up to make Chris tians suspend hostilities and look to their mutual preservation, there is little proapeot of a laying down of arms ; still, did such an enemy present himself ; did hia attack threaten to be formidable and sweeping; did he approach the circle of the Supernatural with set purpose of blotting out tho idea of God, of Providence, of Siu, of Grace, of Redemption i did ho propoae to thus put out jnnn'a eyea, to stop hi3 heart, to poison vr rather queach tho springs of hops ; and did he appear powenfal enough to bring all this about, — in sucli a case would not all within the Supernatural Circle stop their hands, and turn their eyes in one direction ? and, conscious of their mutual peril, aud how, especially in such warfare as this, union is strength, would they not, each circle independently, encouraged by the strength of the Central Heart, turn upon, push back, and slay, if possible, the monster, the enemy of our common race ? All surely, in any measure interested or identified with the Super natural, would, [for the time at least, drop mutual hostilities, and combine, each from its independent point of view, against the destroyor of tho Hidden Spring of present and future happiness. 3\. — But is thero such an enemy as this ? Does the future portend .any such great antagonisms as have already been fought out between Pagan ism and Christianity ? Could a line be thrown round the army of the future with as much pre cision aa the Supernatural has been circum scribed ? Ho (the speaker) did firmly believe in the existence, the presence, and the power of such an enemy ; ho felt deeply impressed by the perils looming in the distance ; by the reckless aims of the approaching' devastator who, even at this hour, had gathered Ms strength together and had become a menacing danger. So much so, that he felt it to be a duty, and of paramount importance, for the army of the Supernatural to leave alone comparatively minor and domestic differences, and to advance in. solid column against an enemy threatening the existence of thorn all. Ho looked upon the coming whirl ?wind as promising to be more destructive and uprooting1, than anything that had occurred in pagan times ; or that has threatened the stability of the Supernatural since the Incarnation. Lust in the heart leaves a blot, which may be puri fied ; but pride in the citadel of tho intellect leaves a stain, which percolates to the passions ; and, thus, mind and body become contaminated, and man succumbs to a double wound in. the two fountains of his energies. He comes to resemble tho.se insects worried by children, un conscious of tho torment they inflict, and which erawl about with lags broken and wings burnt, . wrecks of what they originally were. Having deprived his victim'; of all hope of the future, having put out his eyes as Avell as cut off his Trings, this tormentor proceeds to throw up iu^ fection into the very air he breathes, and to sow corruption along- the line of path he will havo to Tralb. Now the Hidden Spring of all this threatening misery is called 'Materialism.' This' is ' the power which is marshalling its forces, a«d has been for these two years preparing to mike a general advance against the Supernatural. There are many forms of it; bub they can be analyzed into one, and fcraoed to a single prin ciple. Put one point of; the compass on man's brain, stretch the other as far as his hearb, describe the circi*, and within thab circumfer ence is contained the eiim total of the religion and philosophy of the future. The Hidden Spring of ib consists in this, that the centre of authority is drawn oufc of Heaven, is filched from God, where the Supernatnral had fixed it, and is placed in man, or in humanity. Man ..—- is Hiada the measure of all things, smd hnmanity, his God ; within that circumference, every law and every growth must exclusively finds its explanation : c A fatal circle Upon whose magic skirts a thousand devils In crystal forraa sife tempting innocence, And beckon early virtue from its centre.' Thus pride in tho hands pf depravity will carry the world to a lower hell, if it be not mastered, than that which contains the animalisms and attooitiea create! by that brutal energy which formed the Hidden Spring of Paganism. Let us analyze thiB system of the future. First, as to the idea of God. And to obviate mistake, he (the speaker) would recite to them the very words of tho most 8 advanced thinker of the present day, though he did oandidly confess to reciting them with horror : *'. What is the use of adoring that phantom of Divinity?' exclaims tho pioneer of the future, *' and what does he want of us by means of that gang of inspired people who persecute us everywhere with thc^iv sermons?' With regard to. God,' he oonfcinues, 'I know Him not: God is nof&ing; but pure mysticism, If yon desire me to listen to you, bep,in by suppressing that word in your discourse ; for, from the experi ence of three thousand years, I have been convinced that every one that talks to me of God, wishes to rob me of my liberty or my pur3o, How much do I owo you ? Behold my religion and my God ?'' Again: 'Thia I say, the first duty of on intelligent 'cmd free man is to tear immediately tho idea of God from his mind and conscience, . . . God is nothing else bub stupidity and fear, hypocriacy and ' deceit, tyranny and rrisury. Aa long as humanity bends before the altar; the clave of kings and prientg, it) wilt be reprobated ; as long na a sicgle man reoeivos in God's name an oath from another man, society will ba founded on perjury, and peace and lovo will bo exiled from the cmrbh. Bownv©, Johovah ! fop honcoforfch, eared oE tho foar of Qqc!9 and bavins atfcainod true wisdom, I om ready to swear, with my hand i aised towards heaven, thab 'you are only tho murderer of my reckon, and the spectre of my conGoienco 1' Thua it is evident that Materialism tramples on every form of divinity so far acknowledged amongst men ; and will only consent to reoog niso a modern god, made up of the aggregate of creatures — humanity — -without wings to fly with, or even Olympus to sit on ; a divini ty which the individual has ' to aspire to improve, ' and into which tho same individual will, it is said, be incorporated, after having borno hi3 parb in its development. If suca be the true philosophy wo must unweave the words of the Poet when he siags ; , ' Man is not God bub hath God'a end to serve, A master to obey, a coarse to take, Somewhat to cast off, somewhat to become. How could man havo progression otherwise ? ' Having expunged the Supernatural in all its circles as with a blow, ib becomes clear that, according to this system, man can aspire no higher than the Pagan, ani does nob aspire so high. He can stand in no relation to that; of which ho denies tho very existence. Man himself thus neces sarily becomes the centro of tieing ; from him, excluaivelys law and truth, all greatness and all boauty flow ; he grows out o£ clay like the weed, and falls back into clay, like the weed again ; and viriue, goodness, faith, love, are bub the colouring, briliiaufc or sombre, as the case may be, upon its petals, during tho few short hours of its prime. As there is no im mortal God, so there is no immortal soul. Ao there is no Judge t.i come, so there is nc future puuuihtnenb or reward. The filling in of the grave ends all. The all-sufficiency of this life, aud of man for himself, become fundameutal principles of action. The idea of sin, of repent ance, of dependency on another, are blotted out ; and the creature becomes his own god, thnt god, after all, being nothing higher than an idealised aggregate of degraded men produced by a human brain. As to positive teaching, aa to a system of belief, the religion of the future, in rejecting' God, by that very stroke, separates the miud of man from every element of Faith j from every vestige of revealed morality ; sa each individual is left free to follow the diotafcea of his own luata ; and sternal, changeless truth, both dog' matical and ethical, io turned into the oamelion of ' that whioh man trowoth.' The movements that take plaoo in tho plane of morality and faith must, as a necessary conn sequence, be communicated to the political and social plane ; for politics and diplomacy, after a'l, are but the moral law applied to society ab large, to empires and nations. That man who will nob acknowledge God as his Chief and Master, willnover bend to the authority or dic fca'iou of a fellow-man. But let M. Proudhon, the foremost leader of 'modern thought,' spoak in hio own language ; — ' All men,' he aiiya, 'aveoqual and free. Socieby is, then, »b well by its nature aa by the functions of its destinies, antinomical, which means, ungovernable. The ophere of activity of each citizen being the result, on th& one hand, of the natural division of labour, and on the other, of the eleotion he makes of a pro-' feiision, and the social functions being consti tuted in suoh a manner as to produce an har«- monic effect, order becomes the result of the freo action of all ; whence I draw the absolute negation of Government ; every one who puts his hand on me to govern me, is a tyranc and a usurper, and I proclaim him my enemy.' Again ; ' Only society that io the colleotive being, can follow its inclination and abandon itsalf to ita ?froa will without fear of absolute and immediate orror. The superior reason which ia in ib, and which slowly escapes from it through the mani festations of the multitude, and the reflections of individuate, always puts it right in tho end. The philosopher is incaoable of discovering truth by intuition ; and if ho attempt to direct society, he rnna a great risk of ostabliohing his own ideas inefficient and. insufficient ever, in place of the eternal laws of order, and thus hurrying society to the abyss. The philosopher requires something to direct him. What else can thab oomething be but the law of progress, and that logic whioh resides in humanity aa iu its centre ?' Now such materialism aa this is not opposed feo Supernafcuralism aa Protestantism ia opposed to Catholicity ; bub it io root and flower the op» pooite polo, tho direct contradition, point for point, of tho whole circle of the Supernatural. It launches a straight denial c£ each form of religious belief, ab every modification of Super* natural religion with ;equal vehemence, from Catholicity with its ample dogma, to bhe most scantily clothed Doism ; and accompanies that denial with louder and Btill louder expressions of acorn and derision, as the modification departs further and fu'ther from the Catholic centre. There is no locus standi from which it can be even reasoned with, or on whioh terms can ba diacusaed for an accommodation ; it lathe uns compromising, and radical enemy of God, whom it danies ; of tho throne, which ib upsets ; of tho albar which it destroys; that is, of the whole swoop of the Supernatural in all its circlco and centred j and, there fora, of Christian government, and the acknowledged usages of the sooiety of the present day. It would wibh one pu3h shove all theao into space, or bear tbem away iu block and bury them, and eatebliah on bhe cleared area, iu the ' hov/ling wildorneos,' tho Church of the revolution, and the tyranny of tho aecb. It may bo thought by eooio thab Materialism iu reality offers a terror merely to the profeesed alarmist;, and thst, in point of fact, thare is no real oooasion for those withiu the circle of the Supernatural to combine iu soli: defonco againab it, r:a a common enemy. Thoao who onrofully heave the load, and corutinize the current 'and opicib'of tho ago, fchoso v/ho iufcori'ogato t'ao ZoiU f gcist, and study; the signs of the' times, are not so cang'ulno in their judgment. The longer they watch the growth of public opinion, the stronger becomes their conviction that tht- menace of the future is sufficiently alarming to create a deep-not and terrible anxiaty. An^ they do not heaitate to declare thab, unlo=a something be done, and douo speedily too, tbo ^upernataral, though in posseosion, and strong in tho prestige of so many centuries, and so deeply rooted in tho affections of the peoplo and the habit of their mind, will, unless she show horselt more resoluti and more masculine in the contest than she has done, lose ground, and ab length bo relegated to sacristies and V03tries ; and, finally, be reduoed -o suoh a ghost as Paganism is amongst uq nt present. Speaking of the future prospects of this fierce school of universal innovation, an able publicist Bays: ' Positivism,' so he calla the phase he speaks of, ' olainaa the future aa ita . own. Progress in a chief part of its ostensible pro gramme. Ib offers itself aa the embodiment of all that is known which cnu be beneficial to nooiety. The science of social phenomena, with the preliminary 3tudien of biology r.nd phyeioo, are ita sul^ance. So far from being conserva tive, it ia iu the highest degroo innovating and revolutionary, for ib would organize society on knowledge, instead of on usage and tradition as at present. If ideaa continue to progress as they have dona for tho lasfc two hundrod yonrs, the future is assured to the positive spirit. Tho only condition of thinga which could keep knowledge and Positivism, which ia idontified with kuowlodge, from supremacy in Europe, is force. Sheer brute force might bo organized to suppress knowledge in the conservative service of some one of the different interests of modem society, such as that of Cabholici3tD, or the Com munistic proletariat.' And do not the greater Christian denomi nations exhibit daily evident tokens of that enojfvatlng spirit -which is produced by breathing tho foul air of snch ' modern thought' aud ' modern progress' as this? Before the Iand olip absolutely melts into the aoa, doeo ib not steadily nofton at the baas in the water, and gradually dissolve, aud then losing its clear out* line, olip oub of sight altogether? Is not Buoh an effeob even now discernible iu the original landslip which, in course of years, Bplit up into threehnndrod fragments aVtho consequence of ita fall? The keen eye of Mr. Greg has already noticed this. He discovoro ' a dispooition in tho most large-minded Protestant divines to modify, ignore, eliminate, or covor with a mystical and nebulous halo (as Coleridge did) come of the leaob oredible features of their creed.' 'How many sections of Christians,' says Mr. Harrison, ?? are really seeking to vapourize or sublimate their religion, on the plea of more humane and comprehensive ondo, bub perhapa rathor to escape from the bonds of the definite and systematic ? The troubled air roQoundB with Pan-C(iriu6ianitieo, Pantiaoia tries, Eirenica, tho fraternisation of churchoa, and the amalgamation o£ Beets, One sect ia exalting Theism, by getting rid of bhe Gospel ; whilst another school implores ua to aave the religion of Jeans by giving up our belief in God. Churchmen find dissenters would exchange pulpifcs aa f resly as migratory curates ; and some burn with zeal to uproot tho wall of demar cation, whether in formularies or grave yardc.' Thus, whilst these large traofca of the ouper nntural are showing, signs of decomposition, of ialling in and falling out, collapsing, and then melting altogether, and this for want of that which in the nature of the caGo tfaoy cannot htive, viz, a firm nnder-pin of Logic ; the Catholic Churoh rising sheer from the granito equaro of Divine authoritative teaching, hardens and enfeebloa, under tho influence of the now sun in the new firmament. ' One Church,' cays tho name thinkor, 'shows a marked confcrasb with thiG tendency to evaporate. Amidst tho eagerness of the rest to eacape outside their own skins, aud to find a new quo sto in puro ebher, Homo han been disbinctly, systematically hardening her owa system. She is making hor forciuice far more definite, and haa applied thorn with startling courage to all the problems of the world. Iu all three parta of religion — in doctrine, worship, and government, espec'ally in the last, she ab least has been showing no cowardice of her opinions — no deaire to apologize heroelf into a metaphor. Therein, doubbleaa in her own light she ia right. Thnt profound staff, which1 from the Vatican directs the Catholic army, a! ntaff to which that of Yon Moltke ia aa a petty and clumsy machine, has long boon at work to refit every part of the Catholic organism, and to make more unmistakable the mochanism of its dis :ipline. The growing success of this tremen dous project, the insignificance of the old Catholic bubble, and of all attempts at rebellion, have shown how truly the scheme was in tho air and aliva to the spirit of the situation. The sagacity of Papal Rome, comparable to nothing in history but to the sagacity of Imperial Romo, saw, no doubt, that in tho great and final battlo with Revolution, . . . a Religion like a State, or an army, must tighten and not looson its cohesion ; it must givo its whole intellectual and practicalmechanism niore unhesitating authority. . . . The ro-acsertion of Ultramoutanisin, in which Prince Bismarck, afflicted like so many Roman Emperors with the delirium tremens of power, sees a spectre threatening lus life, is really as old as our own gorei- ation ; it began when the Catholic staff realized tho crisis to be met, and resolved on the desperate issue— S Petrus contra mundum. Suicidal it may be — but Rome, at any rate, will not dio nepholo-cephalus, nor swear that she never meant any thing by Christianity.' Two things, thon, are cruoially indicative of a oorninQ1 strugglo ; tho softening of tho land, slipj and tho hardening of tho city on tho Rook. | , . . _ . 1 ; ^ Tho gradual melting away of. .ppcifcrro boliof and the rejection wholly or in part of' a cohoront schomo of doctrine, and an organized codo of practice, is one of the portontouo signs of a dark and distressing future. Iu Franco, Spain, Italy Belgium and Gormany, it is tho came. In ovory class the Apoatles of Matorialism ere to bo found. Tho acute and activo politician, tho man of scionce, tho litterateur and tho polomiot by pro fession, aa well as a swarm of intellectual adventurers, who had everything to gain, overy change being a change for tho bettor for them, are, day by day, doing the work of tho ant, and loosening tho rivets and nuto which koop too gether tho great framework of cociety bolow themsolvos. But, diamissing other nationalities, look at our own England, with which wo aro so ini separably bound up, whose influenco moral and religious is brought to boar upon us like a tido, and with evory tide. Humanly speaking what aho bocomos, that wo shall bo ; wo are in groat measure hor reflection, or hor shadow, ho would not say her mimic. Tho question then ia brought homo to U3 with a special significance, viz.: What ia the mental attitudo of her loading thinkers, and of those who form the bone and sinow of the pooplo, whose mental labourers those thinkers are ? Lot Mr. Grog, a gentleman of wide personal experionoe, and a keen observer of English intellectual life, reply. He saya, emphati cally :— 'I believe that tho strongest mental power, the finest thought, 'tho highosfc intelligence amongst us, is yearly diverg ing more and more from Christianity, i discarding all faith ?' ? jfc, assuming towards i not so much a honti.j/ as an isolated, neutral, almost supercilious, attitude — an attitudo which may perhaps bost ba describod an one of oilenl; renuueiation and disapproval— of looking, and. passing by on the other sHe. Tho prepon\ derant intellect in evory line — statesmanlike, logal, scholarly, aoiontifio, literary, industrial-— is no _ longer believing, ip, ag a rulo, diatincbly unbelieving.' Ia such general dscomposi:ion of thonghfc as this possible among the leaders, without pcaaing to tho mnanes below thorn ? Let Mr. Greg again reply : ' A very forgo pro portion,' ho saya, 'probably the majoriby9 of tho operative ch.aoeo in town3, are total un boliovora ; and thono ara not Jho rockiesa and dinroputablo, but, on the contrary, oonsiofc of tho best oi tho okilled workmen, tho inoafo instructed and thoughtful, aa well n3 tho stormiest. Tho hard-headod, induotrlona9 reading ensjineoro and foremen, menabera o£ mechanics' inatitutog, tha natural loaders oi tho artisaua, ore Gceptioc intolicotuolly, not morally : they diaboliovo becauEO thoy have inquired], argued, and observed, nnd have beon unnblo fco obtain from their Hothodint follow-worUmen, on even from mlnistora of tho Goopela, Dctiafyiug nnowora to Ihoh- doubfca. AmongcS fcho manu facturing artiaaia, and fcho higheat description o£ citizen faboiirera, ib may bo elated, cifcb. evoa rnoro oonSdenco than of tho ranks above thorn la the oodal ccalc, thafe tko IntoUoet of that body io already divorced from tho prevalent crcada o2 tho country.' And in proportion C9 tho lono loaraooJ class and the leaa critioal ore fed with infidelity by thoao who should provide for them another kind of nourishment, ia proportion aa tho macaco firo fcaughb- and encouraged to rojeefe and ccoro fcho fcho Superuabural, thoy fcurn round ond ocbrra end roject tho3e who, having repudiated all ' authority above themnelves, would otill- tena ciously niGintr.in their own authority over tkono balow thonicolvoB. ' Every whore,' cayo an able Snglich penB ' there aro Biqno that tho respect for r»rcBfe national institutions, for central as diofcinQuiahed from looal ideaa, ia diminishing Everywhere tho self-sufficiency of popular opinion ia inoreaaa ing. . . , Everywhere the diffioulfcy of organizing opinion ia growing,— tho residuum, aided by the ballot, realizing moro and moro clearly that there is no true roaponsibility for political opinion at all, and fchnb an arbitrary inclination to acoord support ia at Ioa3li no worao, if uo hotter exousa for determining a necrot vote, than a reason ioc thinking that thab support will result in public .benefit. All tho signa of tho times go to ohow that the people believe leso nnd laao thob thoy have anything to learn from fcheir politioal loaders, nnd Indeed hold that those leaders are much rather their own instruments thau their oagaoioua and respootad advisors. . . . Loci: at it which way you will, it aeema to promise for England g period of mean and capricioao politics, in whioh the least ccrupuloua men will eotno to tha top, and tho most scrupulous and rno3t eminonfe will be cowed andsilouoGd — in which either the House of Commons will lose control of the wild whims, of tha people, or the wild whimo of tho people will gain control of the House of Coma mous ; and which of the alternatives ia the worob, il ia hard to Bay ' . Sach then are tho elements ainoagab which the fature will have to do its work, elementa which [already offer indications of the virulence of thab poison, the power of thab Hidden Sprlngo which, ao yeb, ban nit fairly found a le vertigo, or exhibited .one bibho of its genuine olaabicityr Now,' what is the Hidden Spring of the poasi-* ble Guc'cesa of that unssen abtraction which, massively and ailantly, almosb with the sloep« 10Bsnes3 and oartainty of gravitation, ia drawing the world'o mind oub of ita, old moorings, whore fchero ia comparative peaoo and resb, into that ' dark Illimitable oooau, where eldest night And Chaos, ancestors of Ifataro, hold Eternal anarchy ?' - Tho Hidden Spring of Mafcerialiom ia oontrcd ° in, and derivea its main oaargy from the Gootfj ? iiho Church of tho Rovolufcion, tho International 1 ..',?'?..? '?'?'' ?-??'. ':'.'. -: ''.?.? .-:'..'? ' ; Secret Sooiety, which is weaving its network around fcho world. He (the opeaker) used the generic term ' the oeot,' aa thia materialism ia made up of aa hundred indopendent, yofc at tho same time, sympathetic centres ; all, whatever their mutual relations, aiming steadily at one mark. Juat as the Catholio Church, forms tho centre heart of tho Supernatural, ao does the Beet form the centre-heart of Materialism. Were it destroyed, were that impalpable wide extending network raked away, were tho Ohnroh of tho Revolution abolished, and the uecrot craft committed to tho winds, tho supernatural] would soon regain her own ; and, in fact, turn the tide of human energy onoe more in tho direction of order in society, truth in religion, and morality in diplomacy and politics. But this is easier said than done; Tho eeofc already possesses a strong hold upon Booiety ; it 1b ohilfully manipulated ; and fersietently, nay doggedly, toils, without discouragement, at oarryinr? out its vast ambitions. Infidelity amongst loaders of thought and publio thinkorn. atheism amongst skilled labourers and artisans, and frightfnl immorality from one end of the gamut to the other, composo fcho muddy watoro in which this conspiracy' can ply its trade with best advantage to itself. Let uo point out a few of ita Balient characteristics, that it may be seen with what manner of an antagonist the supernatural will have to deal. ' Friendship,' wo aro told by its Ritual, °'is the aacred bond which unites together all the brethren of on? craft ; for, however much scatterod they may bo over the face of the earth, they nil compose one only body, because one in thoir origin and ono their aim ; one tho mystery with which they aro initiated ; ono the path by whioh they aro led ; one tbo gaogo and measure applied to each nnd al cf them ; and on8 the spirit by which they are animated.' At tho present moment thia craft is said to number seventeen millions .of mon bonded together for secret ends by secret oaths throughout the world. And out of these there ore a chosen few who represent a hidden spring within tho vast machine. The object proposed to themselves by those who compose this Central Cell of operation is aa world- embracing as that aimed at by the Catholic Church. The intent of these GectarioD is to do in tho future vfhatgtho Churoh has dono in the past, to popsess, break up, re-orgesnize, and.reuew tho^world. The object of tho seot, says a leader of it, c'ia not to lay down certain principles? which must bo respected within the narrow enclosure of its assemblies : tho whole of jsooiety is its aim. Tho lodges are schools where men must be formed to certain convictions, so that they may be able to struggle with vigour in ' the profane' world, and especially in the political arena. The aUar.iJjtho [throne, gcivilj^ocioty as at present constituted, are. under tho action of it3 breath, to melt down into an international communism, when the impossible equality of all men shall be achiovod, when tho Almighly God, and, consequently, dogma and Christian morality shall bo expunged ; and vmen, out or zno most unmitigated Materialism, the future perfection of hnmanity, like the Pbcouix from ita aches, Bhall ariso. Nor io all this in theno days very carefully concealed. So oh is tho public teaching indeed of ft foremoBfc master. He cays boldly that the brotherhood is in duty bound to place itself not onlyabovo different religions i-ut 'above all belief in any God whatever.' ' Wo are our own priests, ourownGodn,' exclaims another, 'and tbna unlimited, complete, universal liberty is a right' This .secret craft, which during the last two hundred years hos been accumulate energy and widely extending, is organized with great cunning, aud so adapted to the oonditions of society and tho changing positions of human thought, that only those who have been ' schooled,' tested, and found worthy, are gradually aud cautiously admitted to a full knowledge of its secret aim?). This many-oided machine is made up of from thirty to ninety Hidden Springs, or circles ouo within the other, which represent tho various grades of initiation. ThoEC who are permitted to occupy the outer circle aro bo far practised with, are so far the tools or instruments of the prune movers, that without boing aware of it, they simply act the part of ornamental dummies or ohow-figuroaj and are paraded before the world, that the world may feel reassured, that, a blind oath of secrecy notwithstanding, little harm could at tach to a craft, however secret, so long as dukes and lords, and men of large estate, and of high character were members of it. How could that society be subversive of tho throno, which is patronized by royalty itself ? How can that be destructivo of rule and sooial orderto which bo many statesmen of eminence give their names ? How can that be tho instrument of a commnnistio levelling which counts upon its members, men, whoao whole status us intimately bound up with ancient lineage, and hereditary CBtate? So 'speaks the vulgar world of 'the profane' as it looks on, and admires the gor geoua pageants and the painted masks. Ana do plausible .and telling is this argument, that it would become cogent enough to be conclusive, were it not patent, from documentary evidence, first, that those who masquerade for us along the outer circle are kept in ignorance concern ing the hidden airna of tho ruling few; and secondly, that those aims aro absolutely and radically subversive of those institutions on whioh the actors on the outer circle depend tor their very life. They aro dancing on a volcano which they are hiding from tho world, fcncl do not know it ; — ' In gallant trim tho gilded vesael goes ; Youth o» the prow and Pleasure at the holm ; Regardless of tho eweepiDg whirlwind osw^y, That, hushod in grim repoBO, expects lus even ting prey.' \ To meet in large assemblies, to display a strange and gorgeous dress, to enaot a number of myatorionB rites, to practise occasional acts !of general philanthropy, and enjoy good faro, and dnnk to ' Loyalty and Charity ,' not only appoa to bo harmless amusements in them selves, but will bo regarded with favour by society at large as tokens of union end good* fellowship, and, therefore, alao, of stability and order. Snob is the superficial view of tho busy world, and of the uninitiated on the outer circle who have not been sufficiently schooled in the principles of their own destruction to bo trusted with more responsible offices than those which jpeak of convivial gatherings and general bene 7olence. So smiles tho outer mask aa it dis pluyn itself to the profane in ull the parapher nalia of authority, and all the luxurious pride of olass. But wore you to remove it, and strip the figures of their stago effectss were you to ponetrato from the outer to the inner mind, something t-Le besides conviviality gripe, and grotesque costumes would be discovered. The i-ect, let as do it the juatieo to say so, ia no mere shallow plaything used simply for turning gr.ive and thoughtful men back into boys. The cmi! ing cheek, and the sunny eye, and the frank address, which front the outside world, hero are ro longer needed. They make way for something more profound and radical than sur face polish and graceful manners. To th* secret moveis the ripple on the surface is simply something ludicrous, when proposed aa an end in life ; for they are ever directed towards an achievement whioh implies an attitude of auda city aud ambition scarcely measurable by ordinary rule — an ambition which for ever sleep lessly, and with exhaus'cless patience, poshes towards its goal. And just; as those who are set to play tho outside gamo are kept ignorant of the score's of the sect, oo 'the profane' world ia deprived of all knowledge of them whatever, by solemn oaths on the part of each morober of the craft. The impalpable wall which protects tho sect from tho soratiny, not to say the vengeance, of the general public is made up of the following feariul oath, or oaths to the same effect ; — ' I swear in the namo of the Supreme Architect of all worlds, never to reveel the secrets, the signs, the grips, the password, the doctrines, or the ouatoms of the secb ; aud to preserve with respect to thorn an eternal silence. I promise and swear to God nover to betray any of them, either by writing, by word, or gesture ; never to causo to be written, lithographed, or printed; never to make public anything of that whioh has now been confided to me, or of that which shall bo confided to me in future. I pledge myself to thi3, and submit; myself to the following penalties if I fail in keeping my word : They may burn my lipa with a red hot iron, they may cub off my hand, they may pluck out my tongue, they may cut my throat, they may hang up my dead body in a lodge till the admission cf a now brother, ao a scourge for my faithleBen&Ks;, and as a terrible warning to others. Then they may burn it, and cast its abbes to the winds, to the end that there may not remain a single trace of the memory of my treason. So help me God, and His Holy Gospel. Amen.' Such is the abominable, and he would not hesitato to call it, criminal oath, whioh wo are assured is administered to those who aro to be initiated into the secret brotherhood. The viotirn enters on his career by loading his soul with the fearful burden and responsibility of an oath, binding him before God to a secrecy, the bearings of which he oould not possibly define, Designs of the most- heinous wickedness might be unfolded to him whilst thus hiB mouth is locked. And he calls the King of Justice to witness that he will not bring the criminal to the bar, or move his tongue to expose, for the sake of general society, to which he owes it, the infernal machine which may bo preparing for ita destruction. Well uiatj those who stand on the outer edge, and who may be gentlemen of unsullied honour, bo kept in ignorance, though they may be en trapped in the cage with ita iron bars of a secrot oath'to God. Well may they be allowed to rest until time, and tho schooling of 'modern thought,'ian.d the pressure of ' advanced ideas,' have prepared them for another, and then ano ther revelation. . Well may the number of circles have been multiplied from three. to over ninety, each inner ono with another veil re moved, and anotherjabyss revealed, according as.thejvictim'sjniind baa been seasoned to bear the chock. But let M. Louis Blanc, who speaks with an authority given to few, explain in his own au thoritative languago tho disciplina areani of the Craft:— ' As the three grades,' he says, (apprentice, companion, and master), ' included a great num ber of mem who were entirely opposed by their station and principles to all social subversion, tho innovators multiplied tho degrees of the mystic ladder which each had _ to climb ; they created fresh lodges reserved for ardent souls. They instituted the higher grades of ' Elect,' 'Knight of the Sun,' of 'Strict Observance/ and of 'Kadosch,' (or regenerated man)— dark sanctuaries, tho doors of whioh were never opened to the adopt, till after a long series of trials calculated to prove his progress in revolu tionary education, to try the constancy of his faith, and test the strength and metal of his character.' 'It pleased certain sovereigns, Frederick tho Great, amongst the restj to join the craft. Why not ? The existence of tho higher grades being carefully concealed from, them, they only knew about it what could bo revealed to them without danger. They had no need to trouble their heads about it ; kept down as they were in the lower grades, where they only saw an opportunity of amusement, joyous banquets, principles taken up and laid down at tho threshold of tho lodges, formulas that had no reference to ordinary life ; in a word only a comedy of equality. But in these matters comedy borders closely on tragedy, and princes and nobles are brought to sanction with their names, a.n.& blindly to serve with, their, iafl.uon.co, the latent enterprises directed against them selves. At times, however, the sappers and miners belonging to tha sect, in their anxiety to draw men of influence into the inner circle, forge1 their ordinary caution; arad produce a recoil whioh becomes very inconvenient. Frederick, Prince of Orange, is a case in point, He was raised to a hich position nmongat the brother hood in 1816. Ho was thought sufficisntly advanoed to bo admitted tn some small portion of the hidden mysteries and aims. But, fox once, the miners had mistaken their man. 1 lie Prince, horroivstricken at what he saw and heard, resigned his dignities, and boldly pub lished his reasons for doing so to the world.. ' I am a Christian, and will ever remain one,' he exclaims ; and goes on to show how the birth, life, and. death of our Divine Redeemer is treated as a legend, and made a mere parable and plaything of ; and how the very Ritual of the craft is condemnatory of tho divine teaching of Christ, and of His holy law. Thus, not only those who have been leaders and directors of the craft teach us that ' behind thick curtains of secrecy' there are prime movers over . sleep lessly at work, and that that work is one of radical revolution ; but the gi;eat ones of the world also]- corroborate their testimony to suchgan extent that, if they be permitted to get too near and see too clearly into the Hidden Spring, they withdraw with horror as men who have stepped, thinking it to be a flower, upon a rattle snake. Let us penetrate now into an inner, though perhaps not an inmost, circle. Let us see how a ' Knight Kadosch' is made, who steps above the mere administrative order, and represents, according to a high authority, the ' essential compliment' of this institution. The victim, for that is the best and true st name for him, has to pass through four different apartments, and his profession and initiation is completed in the last. The first room is hung with black, and is lit by a single triangular lamp hung from the coiling. It is in communication with a cellar, a kind of cabinet of reflection, where are found mingled together the symbols of death, sorrow, and destruction. The second apartment is draped in white. Two altars stand in the centre. One is an urn full of spirits of wine, which fills the room with its glaring light ; and on the other altar burns fire in a brazier, and incense by its side. The third is lined with blue hangings. The ceiling is adorned with stars, and three yellow wax candles lend to it a sombre and melancholy light. In the fourth and last room is held the Supreme Council of the Elders, the great Knights Kadosch. It is hung round with red drapery, and lit by twelve yellow wax candles. When he has passed through the three rooms, with the usual ceremonial, the candidate is ushered into the f ourth ; and here he is made acquainted with the nature of the new obliga tions and engagements which he contracts. Then ho is made to go up and down a mysterious ladder, and the emblem of his grade is placed in his hand This emblem has its hidden meaning : It consists of a cross with a three-headed serpent. This emblem represents the evil which is said to have been introduced into the world by the three higher classes of society. On the head of one serpent a royal crown is fixed, which is representative of Icings, emperors, and civil riders ; on tho second, a tiara and St. Peters keys, which is representa tive of the Supernatural, and especially of the Vicar of Christ on earth, and liia authority to bind and loose ; and the third wears a sword, emblematic of military authority or executive power. It now becomes the duty of the candi date to use his influence to destroy . those three so-called enemies of freedom and 'modern thought.' As a pledge that he will not shirk his newly-imposed obligation of subverting reli gion and society, the candidate takes a dagger in his hand, and sharply cuts the three heads of the serpent, and ^then the crown, tiara, and sword fall to tho ground. Thus are men graduallv conducted into tho inner gloom. Thus are they gradually seasoned and exercised, so as to be lit to bear, without blinking, the rays of darkness proceeding from the lampblack sun of the society. ' Darkness, mystery, and an awful oath to pronounce,' say M. Louis Blanc, ' a secret to learn from each, trial courageously borne, a secret to keep under pain of execration and death, peculiar signs whereby tho brothers recognize one another at the uttermost end of the earth, ceremonies refer ring to a murder, and seeming to hatch and foster ideas of vengeance — what more fit to form con spirators ?' Standing, then, within the inner circle of Kadosch, let us apply the measure which we have already used upon Paganism and Supornaturalism to this hidden Empire within an empire, this etherial society within society, to this almost spiritual entity, which with its invisible sappera and miners fixing their blasts in the keystone of the world, like the dry rot in timber, leaves everything apparently untouched in its condition, whilst it is all tho while turning its strength to dust and powder, and preparing for a groat catastrophe unexpected in proportion as it is near. First, the idea of God. As the cardinal prin ciple of tho Sect is ' absolute toleration,' tho dogma of Divinity, Personality, or even on a General Providence, would be, and is emphati cally declared to be ' intolerantly sectarian,' and a direct uprooting of ' liberty of conscience and freedom of opinion.' ' I affirm,' exclaims a leader amonst the brother hood, ' 'I affirm that tho name of God is a word void of sense.' ' 'We must not only place ourselves, ' exclaims a second ' above different religions, but above all belief in any God -whatever !' ' It is only fools,' cries out a third, ' that speak and dream still of a God!' And, as if to crown the highest pinnacle of blasphemy and lunacy, a fourth, raving amongst his fellows, exclaims to them, ' 'We will be our own priests, and our own Gods !' Now, what is the teaching with regard to man? The Sect boldly and consciously inverts the Divine order of facts ; or rather, God being blotted out, the Supernatural circle being swept clean away into space, the only material out of which a God can be made ia man. Hence ' humanity ' is set up, and deified and worship ped. ' Our temples,' exclaims ono of these ' modern thinkers,' 'our temples consecrated to the Avorship of humanity can as yet be open only to a few. We should indeed expose ourselves to a charge of idolatry were we to attempt to per sonify the moral idea of humanity in the way in in which the Divinity is usually personified. . . . On this account, therefore, it is advis able not to reveal the eultus of humanity to the eyes of the uninitiated, until at length the time shall come when from east to Avest, from north to south, this lofty conception of humanity shall find a place in every breast,' Again : ' We must live as Gods,' exclaims another Apostle of the future, ' The spirit which animates us,' he continued, ' is an enternal spirit ; it knows no division of time or individual existence. A sacred unity prevades and governs the Avide firmament of heaven ; it is our one calling, our one duty, our one God ! Yes, we are God ! 'We ourselves are God ! Looking1 upon our spiritual nature, we men may be said to form part of the great whole, the great being of God. The myths, the legends, the beliefs of benighted, nations will all one day disappear before the consciousness that man himself is God.' Let Statesmen look one moment at the logical consequence of this wild teaching, which goes by the name of 'Modern Thought,' and the outcome of which, goes by the name of ' Civili zation and Modern Progress.' God being destroyed, if society exist at all, it must be governed without a God. Here there is no longer any use talking about a separation between Church and State; for if there is no God there can be no Church to separate from. God, and therefore the Supernatural, will bo regarded by such authorities a3 remain, both as usurpers -and impostera, whioh, fov this twofold reason, ought to bs dethroned, and crushed out of existence without delay. Toe State thus becomes not merely separated from, but absolutely hostile to God and Christ, to all positive revelation by book or otherwise; in a word, to the whole chole of the supernatural. But since man's nature, however dapravea and drugged, clamours for a God of some kind, true or false, man himself is set on the pedestal to be his own divinity ; and that there should be no jealousy, tbat all without exception might have in this divine- nature Borne sort of participation, humanity is deified ; and being represented to the mind most foroibly by tha State, the State becomes God, and hence the Supreme Ruler — or rather demoniacal tyrant over tho liberty of the subject, and the freedom of his co?iscience. Thus, despots weave tha web in which flies are caught ; and the sapper and miner put down their tools, abandon their secret haunts, and 'fix themselves on, and suck the blood of the victims on which their eyes have been glaring from the first. Thus good and evil, right and wrong, the eternal principles of justice, truth, holiness, love — which have no meaning when cut off from God, their origin — became simply reakings and vapourings which can neither reward nor punish, praise nor blame, which possess no authority whatever, for they are but the furnings and exhalations of that bit of phosphorous of which, it is said, man's brain is made. Does not the figure and outline pre sented to us by ' modern thought' recall that Paganism which the supernatural confronted and chased into the darkness ? Thus God being obliterated,' and man being turned into God, what is the characteristic of the sect's teaching ? That of direct and fierce polemic against the supernatural. Before erecting its fabric of socialism and communism combined, materialism must cut away the heart of the supernatural, and the ingrained traditions of the human mind. The sect fixes savagely on one dogma as its own, whilst gnashing its teeth at all dogmas, it is this, viz., that absolute liberty and unlimited freedom to do, say, or think any thing he likes, is the natural, inalienable right of every man. Hence this other doctrine, taught with noisy violence, viz., that the sect is above all dogma, that it is anterior and superior to all religion ; that it is to give a neAV pulse to the world, and that it, with its wonderful organization, may, aud indeed 'will, eventually, replace the Christian Church. Being thus, as it Avere, kept out of its birth- right by the Supernatural, the sect is ever launching its poison tipped arrows at the heart of it, and exerts all its ingenuity to blacken its character, aud lower its prestige in the estimation of the world, Tims it describes the supernatural as 'a bastard religion,' aud its ministers as a set of men who have ' ' under taken to enslave all progress, stifle light, and destroy all liberty, iu order to reign quietly over a brutalized population of ignorant slaves.' The sect, exclaims one of its chief orators, should ' carry the scalpel into the very sanctuary of that blind faith which we have sucked from our mother's breast ? No ; the revealed God does not exist !' ' We must raise altar against altar,' says another of these apostles, 'teaching against teaching, . : . . . . c We must fight, but fight with the certainty of victory.' ' Our final object and aim,' shouts another, ' is that of Voltaire iu the French Revolution, — the total annihila tion for ever of Catholicity, and all i(?eas of Christianity.' Such a design as this is absolutely being attempted at this hour by some of the more advanced confraternities. Looking round themselves from the centre self, they can see neither hope before nor light behind them. They preach tho eternal ' unknown' before birth, which is simply to be folloAved by the ri eternal nothingness' after it, So completely have they extinguished the deeper instincts of humanity which confesses that ' Even from the tomb the voice of nature cries, Even in our ashes live their wonted fires !' To show how intensely they believe in their Materialistic creed, they enter into secret compacts one with the other to annihilate, so far aa their influence is concerned, religion, and all reference whatsoever to the Super natural. They solemnly pledge one the other never to havo a ohild baptized, never to cele brate a religious marriage, never to permit a clergymen to visit thoir homes in times of sick ness, never to open their doora to him in times of death, never to suffer the remains to bo brought within reach of his ministrations. Thus the tenth article of the Statutes says : 81 Lest the free-thinker should be prevented at the moment of death by foreign influence from fulfHiin-- bis obligations towards the committee, he will remit to throe of the brothers (to facili tate their mission in such case) a mandate, of which there ehsll bo at least three official copies, giving full authority to their brothers to pro tesi; loudly, if for any reaeon whatever his formal will aud resolution should be disregarded to be buried without any kind of religious rite.' 'He died without the assistance of any minister of religion — ' 'Ha departed faithful to his principles, and was buried without a priest' — such are considered by their friends the highest form of panegyric theft con be pronouaoed over the remoiDS of the departed and in the ears of those they lovo. '.Only fools,' exclaims Zelle, who 13 an interpreter of this frame of mind, ' only foote, ignorsQb and weak in understand Ing, dream still of God, and the immortality of the soul 1' Indeed, the sect in its formal apology for itE principles boldly declares that it 'fceacb.63 men how to ;bo virtuous without the otirnulus of hope or fear, independently alike of heaven or hell.' Tho sectary, it says, 'looks to no future reward ; he has received! his recompense in the present find therewith he is content;.' Thus it follows, aa a necessary oonaequenos, to use the expressions of another craftsman, that ?'as matters now otand the presence of the Bible on oar slfcar3 is an empty form. From whatever point of view we regard the Biblo, we do not hesitate to declare openly, that in our Tensions it is out of place once and for ever ; Bince the doctrines of humanity now occupy the moat prominent position, and are taught as the best method of ameliorating the condition of mankind,' ''Superstition' (that is Christianity aud the Mosaic Law) says another high authority, 'baa hitherto been the mainstay of tyranny and deception by means of which princes aud priests have drawn mankind into their neb. Fear of a future life, of an eternity of punishment;, has beon a motive powerful enongb to hold weak minda, bowed down with the load of prejudices sucked in with their mother's milk, and to enervate the holiest spiritCj rendering them incapable of any great action. This is the evil of Christianity, that .it enslaves minds to such a point that thoy are willing to endure any prenont Dufforing with the consoling hope of a life to come. On this ac count it becomes indispensable to undermine the pillar which bears up such a structure of super stition. But as the number of those who yet fondly cling to the pious fictions of their ohild - hood is very Inrge, and the roots of political and civil institutions strike deep in the national soul, it is necsseary to go cautiously to work. Hero philonophy may take a uoeful hint from nature. As man is chiefly worked on through his passion^ these muafc be exoited and Christi anity must be made ridiculous ere the dominion of faith can be overthrown in the heart, Belief in reveJatloa is n malady to which weak and pious minds are very subject ; it is an infeotiouo epidemic, employed ever since tho world began to effect bha destruction of human liberty ; it is alike incompatible with sound reason and true freedom ; it is the parent of fanaticism and superstition.' Thuo the great Kadosch, as Burrnel Days, ia the bouI of tha sect, and the final object of its plofc3 is ' the ra-introduction of absolute liberty aud equality through the destruction of all royalty, and the abrogation of all religious worohip. But it is only where it can be done with com parativo impunity that the Sect dares to creep up into the open daylight. Its universal method is that of the mole, silent burrowing and secret operations whilst it patiently educates and trains the mind to receive step by step a fuller and fuller view of the eutire Materialistic Creed whilst it administers a fearful oath under tho most awful sanctions to stop all mouths, if it cannot stop all consciences. Drop by drop tho water falls, and the drop at length wears tho stone away. And drop by drop the poison is set upon the brain and spreads, and society at length becomes familiarized with, and treats with playfulness, almost with levity, views of life which some time before would have sent a thrill of horror through its nerves. Thus, within tho visible Society of man, there energizes another invisible one, mixed with it and yet apart from it, following it as a shadow, and as the ail' encompassing it round about, and with the steady pressure of gravitation drawing it to itself, and infusing1 into it together with the Zoit-geist, or oubtlo spirit of the age, its own moro corrosive and deadly poison. Thus it is that those moral oxplociono are produced which have from timo to time auddenly burst upon Society. ?' It is from tho depth of your Lodges,' exclaims De Lamartino, speaking- to the. Sect, that the ideas have emanated, first in the dark, then in the twilight, and' now in the full light of day, which havo laid the foundations of the revolutions of 1789, 1830, and 1848 I' And ho might havo addod, ' whioh havo been for years preparing' tho world for that reign of Material ism whieh now stands bo threatening- in tho future.' Alroady has this secret net-work spread itself over the world, and interwoven itself with the very meshes of Society. ' Tho Soot,' cays Emilo Grrisor, 'poB30S3oa by its tiffiliationn onormouo resources.' He represents it as ' a robust body, a colossus with a thousand heads, with a hun dred thousand arms ; tho great instrument of all social reforms, the laboratory of all new ideas, and tho precursor of that democratic spirit which is advancing with giant strides. The number of our holy militia,' ho exclaims, ' extends day by day ; our arms are multiplied, and very soon wo shall be able to clasp tho whole country in our embrace.' So much for its strength ; now as to its sub tility. ' The greatest and wisest men,' says ono of the Brotherhood, 'havo bestowed on our Society a constitution which gives lasting proof of their sagacity. Shrouded in threefold night, we move among our adversaries, and unseen by them acquaint ourselves of their weak points, thus acquiring the mastery over their mind and heart. We use their passions as wires, whereby without their being- aware of the fact, we set them in motion, compelling thorn to work in union with us, whilst they ignorantly imagine themselves to be gratifying their own wishes. It would be unwise to engage in open warfare ; the spread of freedom of thought and independ ence of action is the surest means of under mining the gigantic monument erected by ambition. Under tho very shadow of authority our members work the mighty tool committed to them. The Sect, ' great and terrible, dogs your steps, spies out your proceedings, reads the thought of your inmost soul, watches you Avhen you imagine yourself enveloped in impenetrable darkness. Its hidden and irresistible influence shatters your plans, its powerful arm wrests the dagger from your grasp. With your help, brethren,' he continues, 'we will strike the chains which still bind the peoples of the earth.' Such are the character, methods, and aims of that elastic organization, of that laboratory of the Revolution, forming the centre-cell of the Materialistic cancer, which, from a hidden secret centre, pushes its horrid fangs and tentacles about the world. Its aim now stands out clear before us : it is nothing less than the utter destruction of the Supernatural in every shape and form ; and of Civil Society aa at present constituted upon tho broad frame woi'k of Christian revelation. It aim3 at Deicide, for it would annihilate God ; it aims at suicide, and that of the most criminal kind, for it would annihilate man's immortality. It con tracts the whole vision of the soul to earth. That eye which used to seem to see ' The great world's altar stairs Slope thro' darkness up to God,' now pierces through the obscurity in vain. Man, from being in freedom, finds himself in a cage, and in vain beats against its massive bars of matter. Materialism clips the wings of hope, opens the heart to hunger, and leaves it to despair, and plucks out the eye of Faith. Humanity being enthroned in tho place of God, like a brotal tyrant, quenches at once the torch of Liberty, and erases the word 'FrGedom' as an intelligible expression, from the vocabulary of nations. Earth rocks back to Chaos, and the spirit is veiled in universal night, ' Not piercable by any power or star,' Both Church and State havo shown themselves alive to the possibilities of the future. Over and over haa the State put its foot upon the Sect as being a dangerous and revolutionary element of disorder and destruction. Over and over again has tho Church exposed its character, and warned the world against it by her strong anathemas The States«Greneral of Holland proscribed it in 1735, and King Louis XVI., of France, in 1737. The great Council of Borne did likewise in 1748, and it was totally suppressed in Bavaria in 1848\. At Milan and in Venice it was dealt roughly with by the Civil Power in 1814 ; whilst at Modena, in Spain, Portugal, and in the Russian Empire, it has been looked upon by those entrusted with authority as one of the great and growing perils of the age. Still, it has been, and it must be confessed is, gaining ground ; and it would be difficult to find a Ruler with sufficient boldness or personal courage at the present day, to bring his autho rity to bear for its destruction. Experience and ' what pays,' implies a principle much used by diplomatists and states* men ; and they find it convenient to disregard, and at times to connive at, and occasionally to encourage combinations and forces the strength and vindictivenesss of which they cannot mea^ sure ; and the overt actions of which have not as yet forced themselves into any ugly pro minence. The world is principally ruled by waiting-, and by meeting contingencios as they present themselves, rather than by forecasting and preparing elaborate methods of aggression or defence against some possible enemy whoso movements are still buried in the dark. There is one power, however, whose especial vocation, whoso very profession in life it is, to publioh the truth, cost what it may, to the world. The Catholic Church, the Heart of the Supernatural, has, from the first, through the mouths of her Sovereign. Pontiffs, sent forth her light and warning1 given in no uncertain voice — with regard to tho Arch-enemy of tho Supers natural. She, if no other, sees with eyes illuminated by her continual contact with what is beautiful and true, the deformity, the false hood, the massive ovil of that system which is doing all it can to bring her down, and introduce a reign of universal darkness. Pope Cloment X1L, so far back as the eighteenth century, denounced the Soct as ' tho op8n enemy of tho Catholic Church.' In the present century it has already been condomned by four Sovereign Pontiffs. Pius VII., Leo XIL, Gregory XVI., and the reigning Pope, havo, severally, warned the world, and then oponly and in its hoaxing, and for ita benefit o,nd guidance, anathematized and cursod thin destructive principle of Chaos and Death. Bishop Kettlor sums up the true attitute of tho Church, whon ho sayo : ' Thoro is then, on the one hand the Catholic Church, and on the other the Sect. Hore the work of God, the work of Christ, and all those who believe in Him ; thoro tho work of mon, -who deny Gk-d and his Christ, or at any rate abandon Him. A Catholic who joins the Sect deserts the temple of the living God to work at the tomple of an idol.' And such being fche case, what conclusion do we con?o to to-nighfc ? Is it to abandon Chriot cruoified, and adore instead one of two Guoh malefactors m Paganism aud Materialism ? Are we to choose what io more brutal thau Barabbaa, in preference to the Saviour who redeemed us, and profor a murderer of all high and holy things, a deatroyor of God and man, to that glorious Revelation which, having beon given in tho Conscience, ia porfected in the Gospelys and leads us straight through life to death, and from death to life again ? There can be bub one unanimous reply. To whom shall we go ? Christ alone — and he Las shown it in the con tests of eighteon hundrod years— has the words of eternal life. Christ shall reign. Christ shall rule. But how ? Not by our remaining listless! and supine, bub by our rousing ourselves and pushing baok the advancing darkneso, by meet ing the foe with detjrmiued boldnoss, aud con fronting him at every point ; and finally, by, subjugating him through tho sheer force of that* goodness, beauty, and trufch which he altogether' lacks. Lot us, let tho ptoplo rouse themselves ;? let none slink back : let the whole cirelo of the Supernatural, that great army which still looks up to the Supreme Kings of Kings as ita com mander, under His flaming banner, led by His eye, directed by His intelligence, and armed with a courage that comes from the heart of tho Eternal — advance against that Colossus with its thousand heads and hundred thousand arms which, looming in the distance, promises to take captive and enslave the future generations of mankind. 'All in a moment through the gloom were seen, Ten thousand banners rise into the air, With Orient colours waving. With them rose A forest huge of spears ; and thronging helms Appear'd, and serried shields, in thick array, Of depth immeasurable.' True, the enemy is many and is powerful, still we need feel no craven fear, though it is right to feel anxiety. There is One, but only Ono, who is stronger than man, and can take him, with all his fierce passions, captive, can lay all his banners low, and cause his shield to fall, and his spear to drop useless by his side. Though 'The million with fierce song aud maniac dance Did rage around,' He, who converted the haughty Roman, and softened the heart of tho fierce barbarian, He who has already shown on an imperial scale how He can subjugate pride and passion to Himself, would not shorten His arm and leave us to bo overcome, and then to perish. Society has it in its own hands whether it will bo saved or not. He will not be wanting to it, if it is not wanting to itself. How, then, shall the enemy be encountered ? First, what is the Hidden Spring of his success, of the future force of Materialism, taking it in its widest signification ? and secondly, what is its main weapon of ojfenco ? and finally, what shall society, and wo who belo ag to the very heart of tho Super natural, do to meet its coming most effectually ? If we can only discover the true answers to these questions ; and do what they impose upon us, and that with all our might, then these words will not have been spoken in vain. IV.— Tho Hidden Spring of Materialism is Pride of Reason, which, before man was made, ' With ambitious aim Against tho throne and monarchy of God, Raised impious war in Heaven, and 'battle proud, With vain attempt.' The Hidden Spring of all things and the mea sure of them is filched from God, the sole origin of every created form and the archetype of their perfection, and is fixed in the logical faculty of man. This Hidden Spring finds its imost congenial environment and exercises its fullest expansion in the unapproachable re cesses of the sect ; and, being made Su preme' _ Arbiter and Absolute dictator in the Universe, ita Jiats become law, and its deci sions final. The whole Supernatural, tested by ita arbitrary canons, melts into space, and tho only residuum of existence is comprised in a re petition of ELolcules and colls, such as are detected or imagined _ by tho scientific intellect, assisted by such appliances as modern ingenuity provides. Whilst, Paganism, through the massive power of passions, poisoned man's imagination, and humbled him to the dust ; making him bow down before the counterparts of his own passions to worship them ; Materialism, deliberately and in cold blood, proceeds to take the Almighty God off His Throne ; and, through the force of human reason acting on arbitrary principles, raises up ' humanity' to fill the vacant plaeo. Haying been enamoured with an empty idoali ? zation of himself, man declares that ho himself is God, and that the other Gods or Saviours of humanity, all other essences of progrosa and perfeetability, are but so many figments of pious minds, or scaro-crowa cot up by priesta and princes to keep tho world off tho rightful heri tage ^of universal liberty and unlimited oquality. ? Man's unasoisted reason and tho products of it aro to rule and direct tho dectinieo of the race. Hio careor is measured from ond to ond, from tho womb to the tomb, by his earthly consoious noffis. As for him there -waa no paafc before he was born, so there will be no future after he is dead. This opan comprising his wholo career, man must make all he can out of it ; strain from it tho greatest quantity of pleasure for himself 1 and others : and spend his days in developing ! auoh capabilities aa may increase the happiuess : of those who will take his place aftor ho hao { f allon back into that general humanity, that ' broad shadow, out of which he came. Man comes back to Paganism simply with an ex change of gods, and with a deoper development of human pride. That great centre heart of tho Supernatural whioh -l came eighteen hundred years ago into tho world, which is an earno3t and harbinger of solution of moral problems ; which has banished from tho earth, or fright ened into tho darkness, many of the foulest monctera thai laid waste humanity : which has restored woman to hor place in the natural order ; which has set up the law and right against tho rule of force ; which has proclaimed, and in many great particulars, onforced, tho canon of mutual lovo ; which has oponod from within the sourcos of strongth for poverty and woaknoos, and put a bit in the mouth and a bridle on tho nock of prido,'— the great centre heart of tho Supernatural which has done all this, ia therefore simply scoffed at and trampled on ; its leaders being declaimed against as tyrants and usurpors : and its doctrines com pared to se many;mctaphysical cobwebs spun in a dark and superstitious age ? for tho entangle ment and capturo of man's rea«on. With an arroganco not without its thread of Satanic prido in it, Materialism undertakes, by tho action of ita Hidden Spring, to clear this way, and provido for us, not only something better, but something whioh will meot and satify, ag has nevor boon dono before, tho cravinga of humanity, and tho wants of the human soul. Such 13 materialism's aim, such its steady pur« poso, and such its Hidden Spring. Now what plan docs it proposo to itself in its campaign against the Supernatural ? How doos Materialism proposo to ofFecfc thiu ambitious purpose ? By driving tho Supernatural and ita principles out of all minds, and by replacing it with ita own theories and philosophies of pro groosion ; by destroying ita Hiddon Spring and replacing it by another. How doeo it aim at ofi'ecting this ? Its plan will como out moro clearly by watching tho action of its heart. What is tho action of the soct ? What are its instrumonts and niethoda ? Its groat struggle and patent aim is to oducato tho intellect of humanity and ta'.:o possession of its roason. Tho field of its operations is aa wido aa tho human family itself. It adopa every instrument (it matters not how humble), to promote its onds, which promises in any way to act as a lovor on tho mind. Ita ambition eoara to tho high est class and tho foremost intellect?, and embraces all ages and conditions, from tho philosopher to tho artiznn, from tho otatesman and civil ruler to tho roughs in & country town. Tho pen and the tongue are its two main engines. And it utrivoa with sleep lees energy to oniiot in its service those who cau work. them with moat powerful offecfc ; thus by degrees, by bringing au equal universal presauro to bear on the great brain of humanity, to mould it according to it3 will. It aims then at A the Univeroal Education of all claGGca according \ fco one distinct philosophy ; and, by meana of ita network spread abroad with it3 invisible centres and attractions, it Deems to bo gradu ally influencing the humun coneciousnena towarda its own methods, and ita impossible ambifcionc. These tactics show themselves moot nnmia takably in the burning question of tho edaca* tion of the riGiug generation. Tho jjlargo world of mon can bo practised on without creating j much suspicion ; but if Materialism is to get/} possesoion of tho -world's youth, it knowo that ifc'1' must fighfi for the possession, and hence, whother ifc will or no, exhibit the cloven foot. Hero again ifc comes in direcb claah with tho Supernatural, and especially with tho Centre Head, tho Catholic Church. On this plaiD, oponly, the buttlo muafc bo, aud is being, fought. It ia.Buch a battle-ground as opens out to the lookeis on the battalions and squadrons of tho opposing hoots : thoao who boforo wore wavering, who hardly know to which banner they belonged, now have to choose skies once for all j to determine by whioh of the two Hidden Spriug3 thoy will ba influenced ; and iii which direction, an far as they aro concerned, tho future coureea of the world shall run. Sen for a moment tho tactics of the Secb. ' Tho teaohiug of Catholicism,' ifc uays, ' ia the greatest obstacle to tho development of a child's faculties?. The intervention of a priest in education deprives the child of ail moral, logical, and rational teaohing. Again : ' Faith in God, takes away ths dignity of man, troubles bis reason, nnd may lead to tho abandouinouf; of morality,' Onoo more : ' The principle of n Supernatural authority, that ia to say, fr-ith in God fcakea away the dignity of men, and is even likely to lead to the abandoumontoi allmorality. . . . . The rospect we owe especially to the mind of a child forbids us to inouloate doefcriuea which might tronblo hia reason.'' The Sect, explains ono of ita Apostles speaking in reference to it3 own practice, ' ought to be and is only a achoo] of morality independent of all religious dogmas ? 1 bavo myself,' he continues, ' brought up children, but I havo never lied to them. Each time they have asked me, ' What wag mean 4 by God V I have answered, 'I know nothing about iti' It ia thus I have acted with men.' Such are tho logical coneequencea of the Materialistic princi ple, and of the{ action of ita Hidden Spring operating from within the environment of tho Soot. iSuoh being the principle, how can it bo brought to bear with tho moafc effect? By meana of an organiaed activity which ohall propooe aa its exclusive object the furtherance of such an aim. The influence of an organization like this has been appraised at ita true value by the Soot. Active, resolute, intelligent, daring, it ha3 put to Bhame thoso whom it opposes by tbo energy, resource, and doterminaifon of its efforts after the realization or ita dreams. Ifc has all tho opiing and elasticity of a great ambition, aud all tho boldueas and oelfcunfi oenfidenoQ of a newly-made idea. Tho enthu siasm of^au Apotjtolate which lookc to change ggy&bi;^.^ ? .... ? - ? I. ? ??»..'. ? ?-«' Hfll-niirvi-lwl.r..l..rtlM.lir»i the world into a Paradise of its own, seems to animate, this enorge'iic body ; and the general gjjpinaaeaa or numbness which ifc has already produced in the public mind, fc0.4et.her with the want of dash in ita antagonists, soetnflj to it at Ioaat, to hold out pros pecto of fiitura victory. Boldly, Jiko gome reckless buccaneer, it has run tip the black flag in the prosence of tho whole fleot of of tho Supernatural, and whether wo will it or ?syill it not, tho engagement must be fought. Thus tho ' Education League ' established in Belgium, with the distinct object of driving the Supernatural out of Education and introducing Jfatorialism into it, spread like a firo through Europe and beyond it when once its general aim ?became known amongst tho Sect. Tho League in ono nation shakes hands, fraternizes with, and encourages the League in another. From Belgium, this organization spread to France, where it was takon up with enthusiasm by those who had been schooled in tho principles of tho « Knight-Kadosch' ; and from France it has been extending itself to other portions of tho ,v world. Its watch- word or war cry is ' Universal, ?'! Secular, Freo and Compulsory Education for all classes of Socioty.' It receives its inspiration from, and is directed by tho Beet, which lets slip no opportunity to forward its -uterests, and to identify itself with its operations, bearing over steady in viow its one ultimate object, tho Universal instruction of tho Supernatural, and tho Universal reign of Materialism in its place. Filled with this spirit of mutual holp, tho con-? vontion of tho Sect in Franco, in 1870, declared to tho world, in its loading organ, that it would 'Associate itself with tho efforts made iu other countries to compel tho establishment of Freo, Compulsory, and Secular Education.' In proportion as Society has appeared ripo for the introduction of this machinery for tho uni versal diffusion of Materialism and tho blotting out of God and Christ, it has been pushed boldly upon tho people : but whore tho Hidden Spring of tho Supernatural has been too strong, the Sectaries have displayed tho wisdom of biding their time, and have refrained from horrifying * the public conscience, whilst gradually under' mining it. Tho Sect is ever content to wait : as it is never sleeping. It is satisfied with insert ing quietly, and with teuderest gentleness tho thin end of tho wedgo ; and it is prepared, if necGBsary, to lot it bide there for years, -without giving it a single blow. Countries might at this hour bo pointed out whore, in their different gradations — as in tho manufactory of firearms — different peoplo aro, somo nearor some further off their final finish, their complete education in the Materialistic mode of life. And with all and each of thoso tho Scot and its hundred thousand arms aro steadily at work, pushing all on_ in their various degrees towards the consummation of their so-called perfectibility. Tho ultimate effect produced by tho Hiddon Spring of Materialism is, necessarily, and of its essence, Voltarian and Anarchical. Whoro it can do so without fear of shocking1 prejudice, the Sect boldly oteps forward, and, with a smile, _f rater, nizes and shakes hands with, nay, indeod, embraces, first, that Infidol Voltaire, and then, Eoussoau, that father of Revolution. Its princi pal organ— established to teach tho world that it ie the source of roligion and government, and tho Supernatural tho parent of tyranny and superstition — thus addresses its subscribers : — -« Wearo happy to announce,' it says, ' that tho subscriptions for the Education League and tho Stauto' of Brother Voltaire meot with the warmest sympathy in all our Lodges. It would be impossible to have two subscriptions more in harmony with each other : Voltaire, that is to say, the destruction of all prejudice and super, etitioa, and tho Education League, that is to say, the building tip of a now Society, based on Bcienco and instruction alone.' Hero then stands out in all its nakedness the ultimate aim of Materialism and of the Sect. They would substitute for tho present edu cational machinery of tho world, one radi cally subversive in its aim. They would have all education, from tho highest to tho lowost culture, embracing women as woll as men, turned into an instrument to carry out ono end. They would starve the aupornatural out of tho mind of man; and expunge the very notion of a Lwglver, Judge, or Rewarder, of the immortality of the soul, Bin, penance, supernatural love, Christy Heaven, Hell, from education. They would crib and cabin man in tho narrow prison-houso of this little earth; and contract his career, limit hia hopes and fears to the clay oufc of which he is said to grow. Thus, mm would begin to feel life to bo a living death, and pass his time wait ing no resignedly aa heconld for annihilation. Existonoo would be shorn of ail its charms, and death, which hnd been robbed of half its fears, would return with all its terrors. Thus, to be born would become a greater calamity than to die ; and the highest impulses of man 30 many arrows tipped with poison to penetrate his heart. All the deep touderneEa of the affections would be bathed in a sea of bitterness ; aud the very yearning of the spirit, all -its upstrivings, Would Dimply render man a typo or pattern of collapse} au energy ever striving and over failing, and unlike anything else in oatnro, the only being falling ehort of fill its promise. Ihus does tho Hiddon Spring of Materialism reduce Kan to that ' olimo ' ^onfc of which God took him, bofore He breathed in hia faoe the breath of life. ' Romernbor man that tliou art duet, and nothing but dusb,' crlou the High Prieot of the now r elision without God or Christ, ' and unto dust thou shalt retnra, never to rice from duBt a«ain !' Suoh is tho outcome of ?' modern thought,' Euoh the fruit of 'advanced ideas : Buch tho ultimata analysis of tnat aohemo_ of ' progress ' and 'modern civilization' which the heart cf the supernatural, the Catholic '? Chnrch, has anathematized with all tbe'thunae? ' of the Vatican. Ik may aorvo 11 controversial purpose io confuoa mon'o mindo, and to make out that the Church condemns legitimate progress, true civilization, and modern idoaa— though they be souud ; bub thoughtful rneu are not to be thus deceived ? what she condemns, and will ever battlo against, and that with all her intellectual might, ia not tho good but the ovil, not tho light but the darkness, which loves to mix up and identify itaolf with the true interests of humanity. It ia ovil of all kinds that she ia ever combating and endeavouring (.0 destroy. Her eye sees the lino of demarcation ; her hand knows where and when to strike ; ond being protested iu her mission, aha swoops down as with 0 two-edged sword, upou the loathcome monster of Materialism, however skilfully dis guleed in the draperies of an angol. Is it not to tiio interest, the essential interest of the whole circle of the supernatural that Supemafcaraliotn should be victorious ? Should not each deno mination, in its place, do its share in tho battle, and bring out sneb artillery aa it is posssossd of to keep in chock thcadvanoiiig, common enemy of God and man P What shall we, what enal! sooiety do to meet moot effectually, tho coming danger? The way tomeitii; most effectually iv, first, to realize the momentous interests that; are ab stake — tho eternal interests of millions of immortal aouls : and secondly, (o adopt means for pushing back tho advancing tide, ouch as will be ade quate to tho task imposed upon thorn. To limit;; tho contest to tho narrow circle of tho achool. question would ba to show but a slight appreciation of the universal nature of the danger, and tho ubiquitous presence of the enemy. The bafctlo, if it is to ba won by the supernatural against Materialism, will have to be fought; out, not merely in tho church or in the schools, bub on the broad platform of tho world. Tho groat secular world of men — meu who in ono way or another belong to one or other of the circles of which -the Super natural is composed — must be roused to a sense of their duty, their responsibility,, and their danger. The statesman, the politician, the magistrate, the lawyer, the physician, the soldier, men in the Civil Service of the country, all these, have they not friends or families, those whom they lovo dearer than themselves ? The journalist, the literary, the scientific man, men of the leisured reading class, — are they not living in thousands in the world, with their pri vate circles and their soc:: interests ? Is this great army to remain idle, and to allow thoso who depend on them for life, peace, and happiness, to find themselves presently sui- rounded by a world of new ideas, where God, and Christ, and all those thoughts of the future which bring heaven into a household, aro looked upon as so many old wives' tales ? How ia it that they aro not prepared to exert themselves in defending the best interests of their hearths and homos ? How is it that they do not see the cloud of locusts swarming in tho distance, and threatening to devour every living and green thing — everything that has any spiritual life or beauty iu it P 'Will their homes, their own hearts, bo happier or brighter when ' humanity' takes the place, of God, and heartless logic, which has to borrow all its principles, is sot up in tho place of Christ and tho Supernatural ? 'Will they weep tho loss when those who are falling into decay, assure them that .death will separate them for ever, and that there is no place of future bliss, where friends meet again, and where sorrow and mourning coaso P Cannot men see their own advantage P Men of tho world who are so shrewd in other things, aro thoy blindod here, whore the sight of their eyes is most required ? As the State is founded on tho family, so tho lever which moves the one will movo the other. If tho man of the world sees, first, that it is to his own personal advantage, and then to the interest of his family, to preserve the Super natural, ho will carry tho'; oonvfetion with him wherever he goes ; it will become a motivo power in his life ; and whatever his intellect touches, to which it can be referred, will be influenced by it. The journalist will, instead of writing flippant articles against religion, use his best intellect to defend Supernatural truth as the noblest and highest iufluence in a difficult and sinful day; tho publicist will become serious and logical when matters of the other world have to bo treated of ; for he will f eol that it is his paramount duty to add all ho can to the strength and influence of tho Supernatural. The civil ruler and the statesman will use their high position and their many opportunities, for establishing tho regulating and ruling princi ples of a Christian Government wherever they have a chance ; and for repressing and ostra cising thosa antagonistic influences which deprive order of iis highest sanctions, and cow the seed of anarchy and confusion. They will b9 moulded by the double prcS3uro of domestic interest on the one hand, and of public benefit; on the other ; being persuaded that they cannot serve man, or the society in which he lives, more effeotually, than by doing their very utter raoet to consolidate by tongue aud pen, by t-xamplo and influeuoe, the governing prinoi ples of the Supernatural. Then that which is found woithy of so much attention amongst statesmen and the distributors of power and patronage, will speedily beoomo a matter of intercut also with philosophers, publicists, and thiukera, Men of science would engage then attention with the problems of Christianity, ond learned worka would issue from the press defending the fundamentals of religion, aud castigating with inaxorable logio and over powering analysis those plausible writers who, otherwise would firat have tickled the public ear, and then have impressed the publio iutelloefc. IE thus those great forces which go iu the ag^regata to form tho thinking or publio opinion of tko world, were t;- arouso themselves to 0' euro their trno interest, wo should upcedily bo conscious of an influence pervading society liko an atmosphere, forming the tone of thought, and I moulding tho public mind according to Christian models. The revolutionary ideas and thoorioa of the seob would fall upon barren or uucon* genial ground, and would be unable to tako rcofc. The public ear would bo tuned to a different harmony ; and Materialism would be looked upon in its true colour, au the infatuation of a heated brain acted upon by q proud, ungodly opirit. When once the world's mind is fairly made np upon a point, everything else follows. If the perils of the future are to bo met successfully, much of the world's thinking must be undone, Truth, when ifc has once got hold of the intellect of humanity ia with difHoulty driven oat ; bat, fortunately, not so with error. Error, of its nature, ia tran sient. Therefore, though the symptoms of materialism wero strohgly developed, it would still be possible to apply an antidote. But to bo effectual it should be administered by the leaders of thought and action ; and by those in whoso power it is, on account of their position, to mould the opinions of the society in which they live. Single men, ere now, have turned the whole current of thought in their own direotion, and may be said to have given an impetus which continued energizing long after they were dead. What ono man has done, many men may do, who combino to do it ; and if the sect, through organization, personal energy, and individual talent, is strong to move their foundations, by moans of rampant error, the very corner-stones of tho Supernatural ; surely a combination of Christian gentlemen, were they only in earnest, could, by means of tongue and pen. of public and private influence, urge back tho growing tendency towards Materialism, and give a new and forward push to those principles which claim tho Supernatural aa their own. Men deeply in earnest^ and personally possessed by a vivid faith, by lovo and purity, would over over match iu any intellectual or moral contest, the advocates of Materialism in their canvass for the suffrages of the world. 'Wero such a turn given to the public opinion of tho age, there would be little difficulty in per fecting tho work begun, Statesmen would then perceive that Religion, that is the Supernatural, is a far better instru ment for tho preservation of peace and order, than all the police, volunteers, and artillery in the world. They would look upon a religious training for youth as the best method of turning out honest, orderly, and useful citizens. Hence it would follow that the State, deriving ouch evident advantage from the great circle of the Supernatural, would support, according to a given. scale, every school in which the Supernatural should be taught. It would encourage the Church and tkeDenomi-.i nations to do all in their power to ground the s rising generation very profoundly in those truths j of the Supernatural circle which they respeo- ; tively hold. Each denomination having its own school and each denomination receiving an equal and juotly-divided assistance in its work ; two things would inevitably follow ; first, that that great body of truth contained within tho circles of the Supernatural, and which tends so much to mould men's minds to purity, honesty, and courage, would be, more than ever before, brought into immediate contact with tho intelli gence of tho rising generation ; and thus would ariso a more profoundly Supernatural people : and, secondly, that soreness and bitterness, winch is the inevitable result of trying to mako one shoo fit every land of foot — of trying to force your own system of education upon peoplo who do not want it, as well as on those who do, would be wholly done away with ; and each circle of the Supernatural would jealously main tain that body of Christian and Godly doctrine which had been preserved to it amidst the ! rough conflict of human interest and opinion. That the Church and all thoso systems which prof oss to impart religious truth would do their utmost to preserve the treasures of Revelation, and to wedge them deep in the minds or their respective peoples, stands to reason : for to do this is their very raison d'etre. Still all could exert a large share of energy, and do more than in the past to strengthen and consolidate those guiding beliefs, which are founded in the very constitution of human nature. ' The existence of God, His attributes, His character as Judge and Rewarder ; tb.G Immortality of the Soul ; Heaven, Hell, the Incarnation, Sin, Grace, and and Providence, — there are innumerable truths, beside those written in the Book and witnessed to by Tradition, which serve as a sort of specific against the radical change that Materialism would bring about ; and that lead of themselves if not to higher, at least to more subtle truths, with which they aro immediately connected. If .in this way the great lay world were to perceive the perilo of tho future, and were to mould into shape a more believing public opinion ; if this publio opinion wovo brought to bear on parliaments and legislatures ; if pav liamonLs aud legislatures, ceoing the power of. the Supernatural aa a peace-preserver and citizen-maker, wero to g ive fair play to the Supernatural in every school, and to assist each oircla according to some equitable scheme ; if added to these influences, those whose profession ib ia to ba apoofcles aud evangelists of tho Supernatural, stirred themselves up to do their duty — if such a combination of forces and ro nowod energies wero brought to bear on society at large, then there would be a fair chance of boating back Materialism, of breaking its Hiddon Spring which aims at tho destruction of society, and of socioty itself tending day by day, more and more, towards the completion of its know lodge towards such an appreciation of the beauty, symmetry, and harmony which exist between all parts of Supernatural religion, as to induce it slowly, yet by dogrees, to exchange the fragment for the whole ; and, in placo of being satisfied with an obscured ray, not to bo content till it had possessed as its vory own tho full orb of heavenly truth, the entire revelation of Jesus Chrst, as presented to viow in the theology of the Church, or as imparted to the world through the protected voice of an infallible Interpreter. One thing is inevitable, — men cannot bide on tho elope, on tho incline ; they must and will, eventually, if they follow the laws of logic — a thing not always done as a matter of fact — either finish by becoming Materialists without God or Christ in the world ; or by becoming Catholics with the full revelation of our Saviour — on this principle that, if half a loaf is better than no bread, a whole loaf is better than half a loaf. If it is worth while holding fragments of religions truth, it is certainly worth while embracing all religious truth. The Hidden Spring of the Supernatural is as much the basis of the whole of Revelation, as of a portion of it ; the Hidden Spring of Materialism is as much th-e principle of the denial of fcho whole of revolation as of one isolated tiuth. If God is the authority, wo must be Catholics ; if man, we mnsb be Materialists. If there be any one doubting here to-night let him mako hia choice ; and lee that ch -ic9 be, to oling to his last end, fco God, to Christ, under tho protecting infiuencs o£ tho Catholic Chnrch Hail, Son of God, Saviour of men ! Thy name Shall be the copious matter of my Song Henceforth, and nove? shall my harplhy praise Forget, nor from Thy F^thar'a prai.-o disjoin !' Sir John O'Shanassy rose amidst cheers, and proposed a vote of thanks to Dr. Vaughan for the lecture which they had heard with so much pleasure and enthusiasm. It was not in hia power as a layman suddenly listening to such a lecturo to express in words his deep appreciation of what they had heard. It needed no great depth ;of observation to foresee that in any struggle such as that foreshadowed his Graco could call upon those around him for their aid. (Cheers.) Ho believed Dr. Vaughan was appre ciated not onlv by the Catholics, but also by Protestants. His lecturo to-night was not the mere language of an Archbishop, but exhibited deep thoughts of government, and. deep thoughts for the good of society, as well as for the salva tion of . those over whom he was called to pre» side. (Cheers.) Mr. W. A. Duncan seconded the vote of thanks, and expressed tho hope that so useful a lecture phould be printed and distributed araong all classes of society. Even those who differed from them inrallglon, if they saw Christianity in a certain measure in danger, would join with them in the endeavour to put down this frightful evil. The vo'e of thanks was passed amidst cheering. Dr, Vau,-jhan acknowledged the compliment and the proceedings terminated. 