Capricornian Capers. I choose this heading, my dear editor, as a vagabond sort of title befiting my nomadic life but I promise you that it shall be discontinued as soon as I cease to roam in or near to the country which is traversed by the tropic of the venerable goat. As a tyro in writing for the Press, I trust you will be merciful to me and pardon my shortcomings, and, on my part, I promise to " nothing extenuate or set down aught in malice." I merely purpose to " keep my weather eye open" as I cruise about, and if I see or hear of anything worth jotting, I'll jot. The state of the country about Clermont, Springsure, and all the way to Rockhampton, is enough to break the heart of the most hopeful squatter that ever tried to "keep up his pecker" under impending difficulty. Grass is a rarity, and abundance of water would not be truthful in auctioneering descriptions of many of the runs. I saw something in one of the papers about Mr. De Satge having called attention in the Assembly to the alarming increase of marsupials in the Peak Downs district, and well he might. Before long a squatter in that locality will be able to return his run as carrying 25,000 sheep and 50,000 kangaroos ;" and all this devastation by these horrible pests is being accomplished in spite of every endeavor to hunt them down. One station proprietor alone? Gordon Downs, I believe? has recently imported about two hour dred first-class kangaroo dogs, and on most of the run there is a reward given of one shilling for each kangaroo tail, and threepence or fourpence for the caudal appendage of each wallaby ' or smaller class of marsupial. Travellers by the coach from and to Clermont state that the ungainly brutes are to be seen by thousands on the plains, and no sooner does one batch of a hundred or so " shoot" across the track than there comes another, and yet another, and so on. I was informed by a credible person, only a day or two since, that on one station alone in the Peak Downs district they were being destroyed at the rate of 2000 per week I That means, at the rate per tail already started, an outlay of one hundred pounds per week for the station, and "still they come." Some people talk about having a grand battle on a scale hitherto unprecedented in Australia. It will need to be on a " tall" scale, and no mistake. Two hundred horsemen with about five hundred dogs would do good service beyond a doubt; but to secure effectual benefit they would have to keep it up for twelve months,, more or less. You can do something towards clearing a run of wild horses, by continually shooting, but kangaroos, wallabies, et hoc, kc, are the plague itself, I'll say. If the author of the " Devil's Chain " were only to be present at one of the orgies following upon " pay-day " on the Great Northern line he would have no difficulty in adding another link. His keenly, sensitive, and gifted genius would find ample scope and material for a few do Ecriptive scenes, told in his own powerful way, that would add some telling chapters to his book. As the line progresses, and new camps are formed, so inevitably follows that evil genius of the railway laborer, the publican. And then when the paymaster has meted -out to each sub-contractor his due, and the latter in his turn luis "stumped up " to his men? then comes the sweet imbroglio. Two or three glasses of the villainous drench that is sold by these way- side pubs, prove quite enough to excite the hilarious, stupify the weak-headed, or madden the dangerously inclined and the scenes that follow would terrify the most lenient Good Templar lodge in Queensland. Bowling maniacs, with the bump of combativeness finely developed, follow the old Donnybrook maxim of hitting a head wherever they can see one bottles, full or empty, flying about like hail in an October storm ; fence palings mo brought into active requisition with the most playful readiness ; heads are cut open by way of pleasantry, and men are made to swallow their own teeth in quite a matter-of-fact fashion. The more stupid and lethargic of the swine of Epicurus are literally jumped upon and stamped out, until some less drunken blackguard than his fellows drags the poor wretch from under the feet of his assailants, and throws him aside like a bag of sand, to got better or die as he listeth. The jolly portion of the crowd fellows that manage to keep good- tempered under any quantity of poison?sillier frightfully sometimes for their amiable interferences towards securing peace amongst the bully throng. They come up smil- ing and go down groaning with a broken head, a black eye, a damaged nose, or some other like trifling casualty. And the language employed ! Oh ye gods ! It would make an octogenarian blasphemer shudder, especially if coming from the lips of some of the vile creatures who unsexed, unclean, and shameless make every licentious vagabonds blush to call them women. I am told, and have read somewhere, that when the weaker sex once descend to the lowest depths of igno army and dissipation, they far transcend ninia ruffians in choice obscenity and blasphemy. I can believe it now ; a very brief experience has sufficed. Comfortable people, living " at home at ease," will say at once, " Where are the police during all this'!" My gentle friend, ubiquity has never been made a sine qua non for a man's admission into the force, and a more handful of men cannot be conveniently distributed over several hundred miles of country. Why, up here, you have to go sometimes fifty or sixty miles before you can see a blue coat, and often further than that before you can got out a summons. The one or two policemen who come up as order- lies to the exquisite gentleman who brings up the cash, have enough to do to look after him and even if their services were Available, what could two men do against an infuriated crowd of a hundred or more stalwart brutalised navvies f They would soon be " showed up," to borrow a Yankeeism. And if they did interfere, and did manage by sheer pluck and strength to capture a prisoner, what could they do with him 'I No police station, no shelter, save the outhouse of ii probably disgusted boniface, or the very questionable retire event of a stationary railway carriage with a mob outside of it. The only remedy that I can think of is to prevent the granting of licenses to houses on or near railway camps, and punish sly-grog shanty keepers with heavy imprisonment, without option of fine and confiscation of all their chattels. Flies will drift into spider's webs in spite of tho experience of their family relations, and a genuine " navvy" could no more forego the chance of a drunken spree than a full-grown puss would lose the chance of a cater- well. (What a simile !) While there is a " pub." convenient, and while unscrupulous landlords show such proficiency in doctoring their com- pounds such scenes will happen, and pay-day will be the lunar harvest of the " suffering and overtaxed" vendors of marvellously concocted poisons. I could not help thinking the other day of an old London celebrity, made famous in a ditty beginning something in this style? Have you heard of George Mobbs of auction renown. Who gained all his living by knocking things down r George has had many imitators in the colonies", and our columns occasionally contain neat specimens of auctioneering talent in the advertisement line. At a wayside inn I came across a recent copy of the Northern Argus, in which I read a notice of some property offered for sale near Rockhampton, and if the writer of that notice was not aided by the ghost of Robins, he ought to take out a license and start auctioneering straightaway. Do allow me to give your readers a taste of its quality by quoting a brief extract ; it is too good to " waste its sweetness " in the columns of a provincial newspaper :? " To new arrivals only will it be necessary to state that there is no other property in the Valley of the Fitzroy to be compared with it for picturesque beauty of scenery of that class which artists in Europe travel long distances to copy for here is grouped close together what is so difficult to find in any country, namely, bold mountain outlines, sweeping hill slopes, glimpses of rich grassy meadows, and, in between, long reaches of curving Witter vistas, fringed by the edge with festooned mass is of evergreen foliage, all produced without the gardener's help, and far exceeding in effect the results produced by artificial outlay of many thousands of pounds on the suburban properties of Melbourne or Sydney. Visitors from Victoria and New South Wales have admitted that none of their show places in either colony will compare with this one, not only as to natural unembellished beauty, but with accompaniments which remind one of the choice spots at home, where, as here, the splash- ing of the fish, the call of the wild fowl, and the whirl of the running stream, break the silence and give that animation and variety which is so markedly wanting in other Australian scenery." Fancy reading of such a Paradise being, as it were close to you when the thermometer ranges at nearly 100° in the shade, when all around you the country looks like a parched desert, and when the "long reaches of curving water" turn out to be mere mirages. By-the-way, what is curved water of The chap who wrote the fore- going would be worth having on a newspaper staff, I should think, to do the " high falutin " business when wanted. Passing through Rockhampton the other day, the nature of my business led me to take up my quarters at a hostelry much affected by small stockowners, free selectors, and bushmen of all sorts and conditions, and it amused me to hear the way in which those fellows " went in " on the subject of " P. F. Macdonald's claim." Not precisely understanding the matter, or why there should be such a display of caustically blaspheme mouseloquenco,Ieuquired of a good-natured looking Hercules in top-boots what it was all about. He explained it graphically thus :?" Why, you see, Sir, them there sanguinary fellows down there in that cussed Brisbane Parliament don't want to give old P. F. a sanguinary cent when he'd ought to have a sanguinary £6000 ; why the Hades can't they give him what's fair and honest, I say, and I bet P. F. shall have my sanguinary vote whenever he wants it. D? it, we'll make 'em give him his dues." You will observe that I have somewhat modified the forcible language of my informant, especially in substituting the word sanguinary for its synonym; but I found afterwards that the rough sympathy expressed by my bucolic friend was freely expressed in more polite language by the citizens with whom I met. The feeling seems to be general that Mr. Macdonald whoever he may bears a persecuted man, and that he is being hounded down by those who once supported his claim simply for political reasons. I give you this merely as I received it, knowing nothing about the case myself, beyond having seen a stray article or two in the news 