: ; THB V.B.O. ENTBD3S. The entries that were made on the lit fast, for the important stakewf the V.R.C. wast be considered very satisfactory, and prove the ?trongViUUty ol the ^uf in this oolony. Pro bablythestake towhiohthe attention of onr readers was moat directly drawn on the an nounoement of the entries was the Melbourne Cnp, a| irtoe wbloh has attained a prestige he^iiodpoimlaiitysimUar to that which to attached to . the D«rby |n the old bonntry, Not 4o have seen the Derby ran lor la con sidered, in the old* oountry, to have missed one of tjie freatestelghts oftheday, andao In Vlotdxfm. W Indf^dued who nasnotseen a Melbourne Cop ran for is sirailatlyw carded. When, then* ire find that nearly a hundred entries are recorded in Mr. Bagotfa bo^tothe' iwhwtnmni^Jsable to^^mwoald iw^d opr. readera^hat the dab»owadds£00 m, and the chafc man o! the V.R.C. committee has tivena kandfbinwidM ^will this year beagreater attraction than ever. The Champion Ruse, bb we expected, shows a {ailing off in the n amber of 6ntries, bnt that fact by no means militates . against the ra6e it self, which ,'is }ust as likely to be what its name . implies, as if there were as many nominations as in the Gap. The fact only bears oat the views we have always expressed. Nor can we be surprised that some owners of horses see the folly of throwing away 10 sovereigns for the sake of entering horses that, under no possible con ditions, have a claim to contest in a Cham* pion Race, or the ghost of a chance of tra velling three miles under 5m. 40s., which a horse must do now to have a remote A"lwi of winning such a stake. It is quality we look for, not quantity, in such races, particu larly over three- mile courses. InGreatBritain, the Champion Stakes to come off next year at Newmarket closed with 274 subscribers, bnt then thedistanoe to be run is only one mile, two furlongs, and 73 yards, which is not half the distance of bur Champion Race. But if only half a dozen horses start, as "Augur" remarked in our last issue, of the quality of Richmond, Newminster, Robin Hood, Goldsbrough, and such like, there is more real interest than where three times the number compete, the majority of which have no ohance of winning unless some of thecracks fall or lie down. To those who take a deeper interest in the welfare of the turf than as the mere specta tators at race meetings the entries for the two and three year old stakes are considered of more importance than any other. These we find, although sufficiently numerous to show there is no decline in breeding, hardly come op to expectation, with the exception of those for the Derby and Leger, whilst the Produce Stakes show a great advance. The Maribytnong Plate has exactly the same number of entries as last year, and this is the most important two-year-old stake in the colonies, equivalent in interest to the Middle park Plato of the old country, although our great two-year-old race is run faring the Bpring and the home one in the auttmin. But, taking the entries all through, the dub has good reason to be satisfied, and we may look forward to another excellent season's sport under the auspices of the leading turf institu tion. And when wenotetheprobabilityof the celebrated Barb being again seen on a race course, we shall probably excite the surprise both of those who remember the Demon himself and of those who have only read of his doings on the turf. But the met remains that the hone has been entered, and we see no reason why he may not be brought out fit and well once more. Old Strop is in his teens, and be has run well last season; why not, ' then, The Barb, who in racing parlance was never in the same street with Mr. Field's , veteran performer ? And if the Demon comes : to tbe post at all in racing condition, he will make some of the modern cracks stretch their | necks before he has done with them. The ' Champion on New Year's Day will indeed be a sensational affair if Mr. Taifs old crack again appears'inthewell-known "yellow and black," the colours that he has so often carried to victory. We congratulate the members of the V.R C. end the committee on tbe excellent pro gramme for the coming season, and the satisfactory entries received for the chief events on their progamme. 