ENTERTAIN MEATS. TEE THEATRES &c.; "Twelfth Night" was played on Saturday, Monday, and Tuesday, at the Theatre Royal. On Wednesday "The Hunchback" was selected. On Thursday Mrs. ScottSiddons took her benefit with " Much Ado About Nothing," and soma supplementary items, including Mr. Pillans; and last nig lit her last night for the present was announced in "As You Like It." It is understood that Mrs. Scott-Siddons proceeds shortly to New Zealand. To-night Signor and Sigaora Majeroni will make their first appearance at this theatre, playing in English in the "Old Corporal," a drama which was given at the Haymarket during the engagement of Mr. and Mrs. Bandmann, about six years ago. On Saturday last, at the Academy of Music, Mr. W. H. Wallace, who has been engaged as one of the regular members of the com pany, made his first appearance in Melbourne in the character of Daniel White in Mr. Craven's domestic drama of "Milky White." Mr. Wallace is a fairly-good actor, with a reasonably natural manner, and an obviously intelligent aptitude for comprehending cha racteristic peculiarities, but I hardly think he acted wisely in appearing in a part that is so closely associated with Mr. Coppin, and which, indeed, Mr. Coppin may be said to have made his own in this part of the world. I do not forget that there are very few characters which do not admit of two inter, pretatione, and it may at least be said that Mr. Wallace's conception is as correct as that of Mr. Coppin's. But I, for one, prefer Mr. Coppin's Milky White, and I think most people will be of the same opinion. I like its unctuousness, its volume, its breadth, its massive homonr, and-what is usually so little a part of Mr. Coppin's acting-its undoubted pathos. At the same time, I do not dislike Mr. Wallace's quaint shirpness, his effervescing irritatibility, his detonating explosiveness, his acidulated litigiousneBS He makes the old cow-keeper quite as un pleasant a man as Mr. Coppin makes him, but the unpleasantness is not lubricated as Mr. Coppin's is. Moreover, Mr. Coppin has greatly the advantage of Mr. Wallace in the recovery scenes, where Milky White's natural benevolence begins to ooze out of him. There is here an excellent opportunity of showing how the warmth of undeserved kindness will melt natures that have been frozen by con tinually exercised selfishness,and Mr. Coppin lets this process of thawing gradually de velope itself, while Mr. Wallace softens with a less perceptible gradation of molli fication. Probably something is to b9 said on the score of onr being accustomed to Mr. Coppin's version. It iB impossible not to make comparisons, and I have always con tended that it is right to make them, for nothing more than comparison helps the judgment in respect of acting. Let it be quite clear that I have no desire to disparage Mr. Wallace. I have already said that I like him very well, and I think he will prove a useful addition to the company. On thie occasion Miss Anstead played the part of Annie, and therein filled all the requirements, except that of singing. Now I think Miss AnBtead an excellent actress, but Bhe cannot sing, or if she can, she was unable to sing on this occasion. She had no control over her voice; it ran away from her. It wavered until it fluttered into discord, and then it made one feel sorry that the exigencies of the part should include the neceBBity of singing. It was not Miss Anatead's fault If Nature has not given her a musical ear, so much the worse; but Nature should have been Iobs unkind, and it wonld be unreasonable to blame Miss Anstead for Nature's neglect It is only another example ol how a speaking voice may suggest much mUBic, and how the same voice, when uttering musical soundB, ?hail be almost p&infniiy; dissonant. The part, however, oould not have been better plajed In all kthat relates to general life* likeness. Mr. Daniels played Dick Doggs, and in trying to do a great deal did just a little too much, I do not think even a cowboy would bellow every time he was cuffed. Moreover, a better effect would be got if, instead of a piece of chalk, a slate pencil were used to write upon the slate. This is not a matter of grave moment, but as the slate plays rather a prominent part in the business, it is as well to come as near to nature as we can. Mr. Brown, who took the part of the veterinary surgeon, is new to the Melbourne stage. He has a good deal of merit to recom mend him, only it would be well if he would get the correct pronunciation of the medical words he has to use. And ^hile on this eubject it is not from the purpose to remark that the knowledge of pathology on the part of the author of this piece is amusingly limited. Mr. Craven has probably learnt since he wrote this very effective little drama, that perforation of the membrana tympani does not result in complete deafness. Mrs. Ryan, who played Mrs. Saddrip, is not, I think, new to >the Melbourne stage ; and Master Bryer, who played the Rude Bay, is not only not new, but he has acquired a re putation of which very favourable mention may be made. On Wednesday night, at the Academy of Music, Falconer's comedy of "Extremes" was played. It is about 15 years since it was first presented in Melbourne, but it ha? been produced variously since then, and occasionally for amateur purposes. It is, on the whole, a good acting piece, although the sentiment is just a little too fine-Bpua. Moreover, it takes up the somewhat scale notion that virtue is to be found only among those of humble birth, and that well- dressed people, accustomed to elegance and re finement, are, of necessity, vicious. Despite this cant, the play, on the whole, is a good play, fairly constructed, and with a judicious contrast of character The interest, too, gradually mounts up until the climax is reached. The dialogue, without showing any originality, is pointed enough to free it from the charge of tediousness, and, although here and there a conversation might, perhaps, be advantageously shortened, there is nothing, upon the whole, fairly to justify a complaint of lack of interest. It is one of those few plays, I should think, which will keep their place upon the stage, for some time at any rate, without growing obsolete, although parts of it would very well bear re-writing. More over, the interest is not limited to only a section of the characters; it is reasonably well distributed, so that it should on this account be generally acceptable to an average company. The leading idea of the author, I take it, was to show how how two people may, by force of circumstances, and in spite of their resolution to the contrary, come to love each other, and this intention was made clear on Wednesday night by the excellent acting of Mrs. Lewis and Mr. Adams, severally, as Lucy Vavasour and Frank Hawthorn. So far as a practised intelligence may serve to develope character, nothing could be better than either of them. In those scenes where a flippant manner has to be simulated, with interspaces of genuineness, Mrs. Lewis was exceedingly happy. Mr. Adams made a great deal of the scene with Sir Lionel, in which the quiet sarcasm of the proletaire gets the better of the more showy badinage of the baronet, a character very fairly played by Mr. Boothman, a gentleman who on this occasion made his first acquaintance with a Melbourne audience. Of the other characters Mr. Wallace, as Dr. Playfair, more than confirmed the good opinion he evoked on his first appearance a few nights pre. vionBly. His make-up and bye-play were admirable. Mr. Haygarth was reasonably happy in developing some elements of Dun drearyism. Mr. Brown, another new face, was thoroughly amusing in the direction of ow comedy, as a flunkey of the " gorgeous " order. Mrs. Ryan lacked the Lancashire dialect to make the part of Mrs. WildbriaT sufficiently reaL Miss K. Reeves seemed out of her soundings as Mrs. Vavasour. Captain Humphreys on this occasion returned to the stage in a small walking gentleman's part, which did not require from him any great effort to make it acceptable. Miss Ruth Gray looked pretty, but not quite easy, as an accessory in the dramatis persona, but she spoiled herself by wearing, in the last act, a dress which seemed to have been designed by some descendant of the maker of Joseph's coat of "many colours." Mr. Saville-also a debutant as to Melbourne- looked and spoke exactly like the lawyer he repre sented. Last, but therefore not least, I come to Mr. Hydes and Miss Anstead, the one as the Lancashire boy, the other as the young lady from Lancashire. Mr. Hjdes was wholly amusing, but never for a moment did he exaggerate. He took no unfair advantage of bis opportunity, and therefore got a much more legitimate effect than if he had practi cally declared for ordinary stage chawba coniem. And he dresBed in conformity with this estimate of the character. His dialect if not pure Lancashire, came very near it, and his qnaint humour shone through every word he said, and every movement he made. In like manner Miss Anstead's pleasingly natural demeanour put her on the very best terms with the audience. She was easy, un affected, and genuine, and yet she never I seemed to neglect conveying the true signifi cance of the various situations in which she was concerned. The piece waa very well placed upon the stage, but it may be asked bow a large engraving can serve the purpose of an original picture, which, the text allows it to be assumed, Frank Hawthorn is apo strophising? OleographB are now so cheap and abundant that there should be no diffi. culty in making an appropriate selection for such a purpose. ? The Opera-house was reopened on Monday nfght, "La Fills de Madame Ang6t" pro duocd, and Miss Catherine Lewis introduced for the first time to the public of this city. With the opera everybody has long been familiar, but Mies Lewis is new to db all, and concerning her, opinion seems to be divided. Of her voice it is only her due to say that she was declared to be suffering froma bad cold on Monday night, so that it is necessary to wait until her cold is better, before judging her on this part of her merits. Bnt of her manner and her appearance I suppose it is permissible to speak without qualification. Her appear* ance is quite in her favour. She is yout»?, pretty, pleasant, not too tall, and if not airy and etherial, at any rate easy and undulat ing. Speaking generally of her manner, it may be described by the familiar term of jolly. She is manifestly good-natured, and desirous of being on good terms with the audience, but I am not certain if she takea the moBt judicious means to be so. I am told that opera bouffe, as we have had it played in Melbourne, is not the opera bouffe as played in France, and that Miss Lewis plays it more in the French manner than we have been accustomed to see it. , If this be so, I think I prefer the Australian to the French manner. I could not quite discover the meaning of a good deal that Miss Lewie did. It seemed intended to be amusing, and it is only right she should have credit given her for her efforts to please. But unless I have lost the power to discern what is humorous, a good many of these eccentricities were rather perplexing than funny. The; lacked relevancy and appropriateness. What, for example, is her object when singing an air, with the chorus surrounding her, of sud denly taking several steps backwards so as to make the chorus part In the middle, like the waters of Jordan did when the priests wetted their feet 1 To a good many pretty grimaces variously interspersed, a like measure ol query may attach. Moreover her general concep tion of the part may be questioned. Clairette though of uncertain parentage, and humble social associations, has been educated at the same school as Mademoiselle Lange, who is confessedly a woman of ton, and she would hardly be likely, therefore, to exhibit the hoydenish manners with which MisB Lewis invests the character. Miiis Lewis, to my thinking, fails of a com. plete effect, by endeavouring to accomplish too much. In stage phrase, she forces her points, forgets the character, remembers herself too much, and takes the audience inartistically into her confidence. I do not omit to bear in mind that all this is done in opera bouffe, and that in opera bouffe some measure of exaggeration is permitted. But this licence of caricature has its limits. Opera-bouffe ib not burlesque, and, even if it were, it would be amenable to some rule of consistency and probability. The inevitable result of so much straining after effect was observed in the qnarrel-scene, which went more flatly than ever I remember to have seen it. It was, in fact, prefaced by so much introductory flourish that the audience opened their eyas and mouths for some thing beyond what they were accustomed to, and they were disappointed, because the climax came before the catastrophe cul. minated. Miss Lewis did not seem to be in a real passion. She looked only as if she were making believe to be angry, and when she laid her head upon Mrs. Fox's shoulder, she confirmed the belief that it was only mock anger. Taking a general estimate of Miss Lewis's capabilities from this one exhibition of her powers, I am disposed to think that her vivacity, her good humour, her archness, and her buoyancy, all justify the belief that she has the requisites for effectiveness in this kind of acting, but that she has learnt to use her materials erro neously. Much of what she did on Monday night, could be brought in with advantage at the right time and in the right place; but a little more discernment, a little more taste, a good deal more forgetfulness of self and of audience, will be necessary before she will be qnite to the general liking. Of her voice, as I have said, I do not now speak. If She had not had a bad cold, it would have been necessary to say that she appeared to sing with an effort, and that occasionally she sang much out of tone. Mrs. Fox took the part of Mademoiselle Lange, and acquitted herself with more than respectability. Miss Wooldridge, in the small part of Amaranthe, showed a marked, progress, both of voice and manner, and ob« tained for her song one of the very few encores demanded during the evening. Mr. Templeton and Mr. Beaumont again played, as they have played before, the parts of Ange Pitou and Larivaudiere. Mr. G. A. Johnson, as Pomponnet, made me regret that Mrl Bracy is in California. Mr. George Leopold , was genuinely amusing as Louchard, bnt Mr. H. Leopold, as Trenitz, curionsly enough* seemed to miss the opportunity of which Mr. Bell used so effectively to avail himself in this character. Mr. John Forde, on the other hand, as Cadet, made the very most oE his small chances. The subordinate charao ters did not strongly assert themselves in the persons of those who sustained them, and the chorus appeared to be a little new to the work. .Oatfce whole, notwithstanding a full and- whatitis, I suppose; proper to describe ae-a bnlUant house, "La Fille de Madame AngSt on Monday night went by comparison just a little haltingly. On Wednesday night, at the Athenseum, the Metropolitan Liedertafel gave their 31st concert (for gentlemen only). On this occa sion, nearly all th$ performance was sustained without external aid, and remembering, as I do, to* wll it was executed, it is all the more to- the credit of the society. The part singing was remarkable 'for an improvement; in 4he qualify of oneness, to the need of melioration In which I formerly called atten. toon. This was pointedly shown in the de livery of "Tears of Asguish* and "The Wine Gallop/' the latter of which waaen opted with e hn«ri.w« uuttedfOlnorefwaL Indeed, witihsomudt good llquorflowing, such a TTnftTw^njflj-fa tywt *n taact nrnrrrintnnf to the 1 am again prompted to remark upon the great social benefits likely to come from such comings together aB this. It helps one to as sociate good fellowship, good feeling, and good music. It enables one to see how an exalted refinement may be in alliance with what is known as conviviality. I only wish the idea could take more general possession of society, and that what we know aa the ? flowing bowl" could be accepted as the ally, and notithe antagonist, of one of the most -fascinating of the poetic arts. The weather has again been adverse for the Hippodrome. So much so, that Mr. Wilson has had to discontinue the racing and con fine the performances to the circus repre sentations proper, which, however, have appeared to be very acceptable to those who have gone to see them. With fine weather, the reductions in price should make every thing satisfactory to the conductors of this vast establishment. I read in a Californian paper the other day an account of a visit to San Francisco of Sir. and Mrs. Squires, whom we knew here as Mr. Squires and Madame Lucy Escott. They bad left their pleasant life in Paris for a while, to go and see once more their old friends in the Far West, and, jadging from the account given of their visit thither, the pleasure of thiB renewal of old friendships was delightful on both sides. The writer referred feelingly to the agreeable relations which had formerly existed between these favourites of the public and those who had dealt with tbem critically, and said-what I am sure to be true-that the recollection of those who beguile ub of our cares is not so fleeting as, now and then, we are told it is. I am sure if Mr. and Mrs. Squires were to extend their journeyings and come ag^in to Victoria for a season, they would find as yflrm a welcome here as they did in San Francisco. I am told that Mr. and Mrs Squires reside for the most part in Paris, and that they live in an art world, in the full enjoyment of those refined pleasures which nowhere so much as in that capital of the fine-arts are to be found in such limitless abundance. Mrs. Squires, I am told, has applied herself diligently to the Btudy o painting, and has made therein considerable ®I0GTEM- TAHITE. COMMUNICATED. [Correspondents who are good enough to forward newspapers containing theatrical Items, will much oblige by marking those passages to which they desire to direct at tention.] Mr. Bnddee's concert at the Athenaeum will take place to-night. A number of Mr. Buddee's pupils will perform ; but the pro gramme will also include, of instrumen talists, the quartette party, consisting, as now need hardly be said, of Messrs. Curtis, Montague, Jager, and Chapman, and of vocalUts Mre. Cutter and Signor Luisetti. Sir. Buddee himself, of course, will be prin cipal at the piano, and the piano perform ances, generally, will be of a special kind. Mr. Buddee's popularity among the best kind of musical people is so great that a large at* tendance is a matter of certainty. Mr. Herz is making arrangements for an other performance of " Eli," which will take place on the 23rd proximo, with all the choral resources so successfully employed on tbe two previous occasions, and with the addition of Mr. Bushell, from Sydney, who has been specially engaged to sustain the basso portions. SYDNEY, NOVEMBER 16. Signora Majeroni's benefit at the Royal, , on which occasion she played Camille in the well-known emotional drama, adapted from Dumas' "La Dame anx Camellias," took place as announced, and, for many reasons, pave great satisfaction. On the same night Mr. Levison's benefit at the Queen's came off. There was only a poor house, although the hero Trickett and his backer Punch were present; but I am bound to say the attend ance was better than the performance, which, as a whole, was very indifferent, and that is saving a good deal, for it is not easy utterly to spoil " London Assurance." There were, indeed, individual examples of merit, hut they were only as the scattered plums in an otherwise tasteless pudding. Miss Tilly Andrews did her best as Lady Gay; and, considering that she was understood to have taken the part' at a short notice, it would have been unkind to be too exacting with her. The best-played part in the comedy was the Sir Harcourt Courtly of Mr. W. G. Carey; and, as he went out of Ms line in the character, it is all the more to his credit that he acquitted himself so well in it On Thursday Mr. Chaplin played Hamlet at tbe Royal for his benefit. It is an in different performance, and his innovations are as intolerable as they are inexpressive. I can imagine the rating he would get in Mel bourne if be attempted them there. Miss Yonng'a Ophelia was pretty, and Mr. Carey's Ghost Shaksperian; bat, as for the rest, the least said the soonest mended. "Masaniello" (burlesque) at the Victoria lias been lingering with a weary liveliness, the only redeeming thing in it being the "Fenella of Madame Zavietowski. SOME NEW ZEALAND ITEMS. The new Theatre Royal at Chiistcburch eras opened on November 4, with the usual display on such occasions. There was an address, fairly written b? Mr- Walter Hill, and well delivered by Mr. Hoskins; and then followed "The School for ScbndaL" with Mr. Husgrave as Sir Peter, Mrs. Hoskins as Lady *Te&zle.; Mr. Hoskins as Charles Surface, and Jibs. Hill as Mrs. Candour. It is, neverthe less, described as not going very trippingly. ? Of tbe theatre, it does not seem to give com plete satisfaction, although a great improve ment upon the old place. Since the opening, "Much Ado abont Nothing," "She Stoops to Conquer," "The Jealous Wife," "High Life Selow Stain." "The Serious Family," "Naval [Engagements," and other well-tried pieces liave Men prodooed; and Mr. and Mrs. J. L. Hall were engaged to appear. In Dunedin a local paper of late date says: U-" Mr. George Darrell, the well- known actor and dramatic author,. has concluded terms with Mr. Sibbald for a lease of the Princess Theatre, extending over a period of 12 months; The opening night of the new lessee is £xed faw December XL on which a special performance will be given, under the auspices of a committee ofmflu ential gentlemen, who have determined to sdve the manager a good °f» Tintofe UF.. Mi. Darrell is almdy in feeaty with .everal artistes distinction, 4*3, after the pantomime the principal stus tguw'in the Australian will follow in rapid puccesKicn. Mr. D&rrell; has achieved an enviable reputation throughout the Aus tralian colonies as an actor and manager, and n>e doubt not that his promise to conduct the PriticeBs Theatre in a liberal and legiti mate manner will be fulfilled. Mrs. George Darrell, we are happy to state, mil also remain among us, and on fitting occasions appear behind the footlights." In Auckland, on November 7. those very baautifal pictures known as "The Mirror of England" were I being exhibited at the Theatre Royal. 