C|e C!i hmiiclr. THURSDAY, SEPTBM HF.Ii 7. DEO. If our public institution.- tbr cLurirublo reliel and penal discipline betiot brought, I in couive of time, 10 iLc pitch of abso lute pcrfcoiiou in respect of their in- ternal management, it certainly will, not ho for want of close and incessant j scrutiny. Wo suppose tli-re ii-vor was I a country in the world where public at- I teution was so constantly turned upon- i the working of these institutions. It is as if each of thorn were placed under a focus glass, and all eyes were gating intently down upon them. Nothing, not even the smallest trifle, escapes ob servation and comuieui. Take our lunatic asylums, for examples. One would say that the palatial structure at Kew was large enough and open enough: to admit of nothing less than the fullest: publicity in respect of every incident of - the daily life of its inmates. There are no high walls shutting it out from1 the view of the passers by. Its gates stand invitingly open every hour in the day. There is no secrecy, nor affectation of any kind, yet if the place were a very Spanish inquisition, could the stream of public revelations regarding its inner doings and sayings be more imposing or more constant ? Here has been a Commission sitting upon it for months, examining a hundred different witnesses and asking fifty thousand: questions, winding up with a voluminous report in ever so many pages folio. At the very same time a singularly clever " Yaga bond" has been domiciled for a month within it as a warder, and has come out of it to pour on the town whole floods more of evidence and accusation. For weeks, for months, the leading Mel bourne journals are filled with records of the sayings and doings of the inmates of the Kew Asylum. Yarra Bend fol lows suit, and both Ararat and Beech- worth will, doubtless, also follow in due time. Then again, there is the Mel bourne Hospital, every meeting of whose committee of management, affords a fresh exposition of the way it is governed. The committee is divided into two factions, and they never spare each other in the matter of charges and countercharges. The " Vagabond" has been, moreover, all through the Benevo lent Asylum and Immigrants' Home, and has, metaphorically, speaking, turned them inside out. Nothing, and no place escapes him. The rumor runs that he is at the present time serving a month as a warder in Feiitridgc, to fit. him for relating Ids prison experiences to the world. And so the process of public and private inspection of our hospitals and asylums, gaols and prisons, comes full circle. Not one dark corner remains unvisitcd. The public, meanwhile, seem never weary of reading all about the institutions. They cannot have too much of it. What terrible secrets they look to have re vealed to them at length, we really cannot say. But one thing is very certain : there cannot be very gross mismanagement where there is such urgent and unsparing investigation. Things cannot have gone very far wrong where there has been no pretext of con cealment. And in truth for our own part, we think the thing has been just a little overdone. There has been too much prying and spying. One would sup pose that for the management of our public establishments no safeguards at all had been provided by the Slate. The machinery of superintendents and visiting justices, with tree admission to all comers, is not counted as of any efficacy at all. The public mind is kept in a state of excited suspicion wiih re gard to them. And, after all, what is the result ? Simply nothing, excepting that the Kew Asylum is very much like any other lunatic asylum ; the Melbourne Benevolent Asylum just like any other charitable refuge for the desti tute ; the Hospital just the same as any other large city hospital : and as for Pentridge, all that the most minute in vestigation will be able to discover is that it is one of the most excellently governed penal establishments in Her Majesty's dominions; , , It is just as well that the ratepayers j should understand the precise form in ! which the application for an. injunction against the majority of the Council has been made, as also what was done by the i majority when served with copies of the bill in equity, and the exact position in j which things now stand. The first step I these gentlemen took was to get Messrs. Malleson, England, and Stewart served j with notice to appear before the Judge, : on Monday morning last to show cause ! why the whole of the present proceedings should not be set aside 011 the ground j of alleged irregularity, when, on Mr. j H-olroyd and Messrs. Malleson, Eng.. land, and Stewart attending the sum- | mons, His Honor dismissed if, after a ! very brief hearing, with costs against j those at whose instance the summons was issued. We. should hardly have I condescended to give this part of the : business so much prominence, had. not 1 a telegram been stuck up in the Leura ; Hotel about 'naif-past, four o'clock cn , Monday afternoon, professing to come, from " Melbourne," but without any date, and of which Use f l owing is a copy : — i! Cuardian.— After four'hours" argument, the. judge desired some ar rangement for postponing striking of rate to enable him to consider the j matter. The president undertook, to postpone, as desired, for fourteen days. — Wm. Ower." Now, whether the president of the Bhire Council is lo be considered disingenuous or not in sup pressing the fact that he and his party j had been mulcted in costs, before the | Attorney- General's application for an j injunction was allowed to bo heard, it - is not worth our while lo scop to decide. , But the hare lact of that suppression I justifies us in rejecting Mr.Ower's report j of what was done in reference to the appli- ! cation for an injunction, as also as to j what followed, and in taking the fob j lowing from a practised, skilful, and | disinterested reporter, which wu tlrnk j much more reliable: — "An injunction1 was applied for by the Attomey-Geivial j on Monday to restrain the" Council I of the Bhire of . Hampden . from making j a rate of 8d. in the £, proposed to be | made on all properties in : the' said shire. | and from making any oilier rate for the. i purpose of applying any part f hereof towards refunding any moneys to any of the ratepayers of the said shire, as proposed by an estimate adopted at a meeting of the Bhire Council held on the 15th of August last,'' That is tin- precise form, then, in which the appli cation for an injunction was made, and this is the exact position in which things now stand: — " His Honor postponed die striking of the rate for- a fortnight from Wednesday the 6th iu-t.," that is to say, from yesterday — " and reserved judgment on the applica tion." If the injunction thus sought for by the Attorney-General is granted, the majority of the Bhire Council will not only be restrained from making at any future time the eightpenny rate they, were to have made yesterday, but they will also be restrained from making any other rate for the pur pose of applying any part thereof towards refunding any moneys to any of .the ratepayers, as proposed? by their late estimate, and had Judge Molesworth seen that there was no good ground for this application, he would have dismissed it at once, and there would have been an end of the matter. As it is, however, the majority of the Council have been -brought to a dead lock, not bv any will, or consent of their own, but by order of the Court, and can not stir a peg further, until they , get permission. They are. in fact, as much lying under an injunction at this mo ment, as though an injunction had been granted, and His Honor had not taken time to con i er in w at way ?the application of the Attorney-GVneral should be disposed of. We do not yet know, indeed, with absolute certainty, that any such restraint will be imposed upon the majority of the Council': as that now sought, but the indications of that being the case are strong enough to justify us in asking, in what position will the majority of the Council stand >o the non-appellant ratepayers, whose rates they have reduced, in the event of its being imposed ? The reduction of the rates of the non-appellants is abso lute, although no notice of this lias been served upon them, as was, we believe, at one time intended, and where is the money to come from to pay them ? In the event .... of... the injunction being granted, it cannot come out of the Bhire fund, at this or at any future time. A pretty look-out this — -£1,943 fo be paid, and not a shot in the locker" to pay it with. The "stouewa Iters" are neither so strong at Geelong, nor yet at Ballarat, as they suppose themselves to be. They have had to yield at both those places to the superior intelligence of the electors in their endeavors, to oust Mr, Belcher. Nor will they be more successful, we. expect, when it, . comes to a trial of strength between them and the free traders and conservatives 'throughout the whole. of the colony. Sir Charles Bladen's -return unopposed, taken in connection with Mr.. Zeal's rejection, after such a desperate effort on the part of the " stonewallers" to put that gen tleman in Mr. Belcher's place, may ho taken as pretty strong indications of an over- estimate of their -strength. Had they supposed themselves to have been in possession of the ghost of a chance of depriving Sir Charles Sladen of his seat for the Western Province, they would have brought forward an opposing candidate, and it would have been better for tlieir reputation, had they followed the same course with regard to Mr. Belcher, and have allowed him to go in unopposed. Mr. Zeal was not. per haps, just ihe man of their ch'-ice. but he was the best candidate they euuid find, and they certainly spared no effort, not even to the: most gross mislrepresen-. tations, to get him . placed over Mr Belcher at the head of the poll. But having failed in what they then at tempted, when they only had to concen trate their strength on one object, how are they likely to succeed, when their strength will have to be diverted to many objects at .one and the same moment:?-' Supposing the electoral bill, now before Parliament, to be. transferred to the statute-book, all the elections for the Assembly, at the next general elec tions, will be held on the same day, and we shall then have a better chance of get ting at the sense of the people generally. There will, at all events, be no running of defeated candidates from one consti tuency to another, but they will have to abide the decision given at the first, for a time at least. This appears to us to be an excellent arrangement, and it will, in its working, we are fully persuaded, be more in favor of the con servative .than, of the ultra- radical in terest. Only let the free-traders and conservatives ..-be. true to themselves at the next general elections, and they have nothing whatever to fear on the score of numbers. They may, com paratively speaking, be less numerous than the " stonewallers" in a few of the electoral districts, but not in manv. As a rule, we believe them to be in a majority, and we appeal to what has just taken place at Geelong and Balla rat as presumptive evidence of this. The proceedings in the case of the At torney-General v. the Hampden Shire Coun cil, took an unexpected turn on Monday. The. solicitors -of The applicant for an injunc tion were first called upon to show cause why the proceedings should not be set aside ou the ground of alleged irregularity. His Honor did not waste much time over this part of : the-matter, but . dismissed th® application : with costs against the applicants generally, . who were represented by one solicitor. Mr. Holroyd then applied for an injunction, and- Judge Molesworth, after hearing counsel on the other side, reserved his decision, but directed tint no rate should be struck for a - fortnight, dating from Wednesday, the 6th insfc. At what time His Honor's decision will be given is uncertain, but it will pro bably be some, day next week. The secretary of the Hampden Shire Council postponed the Uieuiing which was to have been held yesterday until that day fortnight. There was not a single member in atk-udani-c, a great contrast to that of the meeting hrid on the 15th ultimo, when all the members \vcre present. Mr. Pieken, on behalf of several gentle men. presented Sergeant Swale with a valuable gold watch on Monday evening at the Mechanics' Institute. Mr. Pieken ad dressed the recipient on the occasion in a brief speech. highly eulogistic of his conduct, ami said that his opiuion Was endorsed by a large number of persons throughout the dis- 4 riot, and several of the magistrates. Ser geant Swale replied, expressing his deep gratitude for the lienor done him, and said that he should always be glad to hear of the welfare of the donors, and of the prosperity of the district. | We beg the attention of intending ex- I hibitors to the liberal prize list of the I Hampden and Heytesbury Pastoral and | Agricultural -Sjciei.y to be offered at the j annual show on Wednesday, the 18ch of ! October) . published in another column. The prize list slightly differs from last year's,- In ln>rses, ihe prizes for the best imported stallion, and that for the best imported blood mare, have been struck out, and prizes arc offered for the best blood stallion aid best blood mare, either imported o: colonial bred. Prizes will also be given this \- year for the best pair of buggy ponies, not over 14 hands, and for the best entire pony, not over 14 hands. In cattle, the only . ald.tioual prize is for the. best shorthorn bull under three years. In sheep, alfcera- j tions have been made with respect to the ; age , ail four alditianl classes hive been I added to the crossbred sheep, thus placing | them on the same level as the pure sheep. I The President will again offer silver cups for the best lincoln ram and ewe, respec tively, and a silver cup will. be. presented by R. lb Scott, Esq., will be given for the best eicester ewe in the yards. The two other special prizes are for the beat draught en. tire horse in the yards, and for : a yearling the progeny of Argus Scandal. Wc have been requested to mention that . a telegraph office was opened at Skipton . yesterday, for the transaction of general bu sinessr Mr. Buchanan, the newly elected member . for the South Province, and Mr. Belcher, the re-elected member for the South- West Pro- I vines, took their seats in the Legislative Council on Tuesday evening. - ! Ou Tuesday the returning officer for the i Eastern Provim e declared- the lion. Robert j S. Anderson, the retiring member, duly j elected to represent that- electorate in the Legislative Council, there having been no | opposition. | The Legislative Assembly was occupied j the whole of Tuesday- evening with the re 1 sinned debate on the Electoral Bill, which I has now become wearisome. The Govern ment hoped, however, to be able to come to a di . isiou last night. The speakers who op posed the measure on Tuesday evening were Messrs. J lames, Mimro, Casey, Cop pin,. Fin - cham, and Gauuson : and those who sup- | ported it were Messrs G. V. Smith, Hanna, MacJDermott, and Mackay. The debate was adjourned on the motion of Mr. Mirams. . Tuesday's Argus reports Messrs: - R. Gibson and Co., as agents for the shorthorn breeder, Mr. James Tweddle, of Green-park, Gisbornc, have sold the pure shorthorn bull, 2nd Royal Duke, 11 months old, for the sum of 225 guineas, to Mr John Taylor, Yange- dine, Beverley, Western Australia. Second Royal Duke is of the famous Brunswick . blood on the sire's side, being by 13 Duke of Derrimut by 2nd Duke of Brunswick, who is by Duke of Brunswick (imported) 25,938. His dam Diana 8th is by the imported bull Royal Rose 32,413, and descended from Old Diana, one of the original Circular Head | Company's cows. Second . Royal Duke is a | very heavily fieshed red and white calf of | great growth, and well adapted to improve | the Yangedine herd. He will be on view ! this day at Kirk's Bazaar. I The returns for the South- Western Pro- i inee are ail to hand, andgive a majority in I favour of Mr, Belclier of 130, the total beino- — Belcher, 1,008; Zeal) 932. . Intending competitors foi the Champion prizes at the Hexham annual Show of Long- woolled Sheep are reminded that their entries, together with the fees, must be in J the hands of the Secretary not later than I Monday next, September the 11th. Entries I for the general classes will require to be in by I Thursday, September the 20th. We have been favored with a copy of Mr. Rawinson's paper .-'of drainage works read before the Warrnambool Farmars' (Tub at its last meeting, of which we shall take early notice. It is remarked by the Pall Mall Gazette that many of the birds and insects against "which the farmers vyage unceasiug war have their uses, and their extermination brings- other pests of a more destructive nature. The annual report of Dr. Riley, a Missouri entomologist, on the insect pests of that state, which has lately been printed in the United States, gives some curious informa tion on this point. It seems that one of the great- enemies of the Colarado 'potato beetle is the common crow, which even digs up the ground. to get- at the beetles after they have entered it to hybernate, The '"army worm" and the "kanker worm" have a host of enemies who keep them down so effectual that "two great army-worm years have never followed each other, and are not likeiv to do so," The Rocky Mountain locust, which caused great destruction in Mis? uri last year, brought with it some, remarkable com pensations. 1 he locusts, it seem:-, robbed the dreaded clinch bugs of the vegetation on which they continuously lay their egg-j un seen, so tiisl they were obliged to lay them in exposed situations, where the young broods were doomed to perish. To result is that exemption from this pest, which ihe Missouri lariner has always with him, is secured for two years at least, and the same is true of mony other insects. The locusts also left a rich coating of manure, which made the soil of the stricken country un usually productive. In fact, the fruit growers j suffered more from the plague of locusts than the grain-growers and stock-raisers. After the devastation was over there was a great prevalence of plants which in ordinary seasons are scarcely noticed. Dr. Riley, how ever, succeeded in showiug that the locusts properly prepared, make excellent soup, and can be saved up in a batter as cakes or simply baked or fried. The Melbourne correspondent, of the Hamilton Spectator says : — If ever a ship went to the bottom for want of the judieiou s application of a pennyworth of tar, it was that of Mix J:. B. Bennett, in the. late election for the -South Province. He had two oppo- ents — one of them a farmer, unknown to f ime, who has been chosen by the coiiiti- tuency — and another whom you have seen on various occasions in the Western district, and whom you did not choose to be your knight, I mean, Mr. P. O'Brien. With the slightest exertion -Mr. Bennett might once -more, have .been in the Council; but the | mountain would not come to Mahomet, and 1 in this instance Mahomet would not go to | the mountain. He had a central committee room in Elizebath-srreet, eo\ orud over with | placards, where two solemn-looking men sat all day long for some days before the elec- | tioa, the one assisting the other— -to do no- thing. Oulv a few of the districts were i \i i ®d, N i tiling was done to facilitate the j passage of electors to the polling-booths, a.nd so the ship of the lawyer went down, i The following case of hunting extraordinary j is going the round of the papers : — \\\ ombat j hunting is usually slow work, but under ex ceptional circumstances it may become excit ing and highly comic. One tine day in the South-east, not a million miles from Welling ton, a Caledonian cob built .-squatter was out with t i- dtj-s ) i, i t \ o « ii 1 its started, and om: running down a hole, he jumped off his horse, and went in as far as he could squeeze after the marsupial, and endeavoured to pull it out. The dogs unluckily drove the otbci Wombat to fiie same strait, and the creature fuuhiur the passage blocked up by the- -portly fraun: of the sheepfarmer, made de.-cieiatv eih rls to move or pass the obstruc tion. Tiit-re uere the dogs nibbliug at the secowl w-enb.it. for tlieir teeth cannot take a good, boifi of those i.-innd. hard, solid ani mals. The w.wk-tt" pushed, poked, and bit at liu m. we bulky and scarcely loss compact form of the .Scotchman, who used strong, language and roared for help, which his fel low sportsmen couldnot render for sometime, till they had partially recovered from their convulsions of laughter. _ At the Univesity of Melbourne n atricula tion examination, July term, the following passed Sarah- Ann 'Fish, Joel Freclman, Benjamin Matthews French, Alice Louise Griffiths, William Parker Little, Charles Mackay, Ernest William Crofton Sadlcir, Margaret Lucy Thomas, Catherine Hay Thomson, Andrew M'Clure Valautine, Ella Louise .Vasey,. Duncan Walker, Elizabeth Williamson;. The following passed the Civil Service examination Arthur William Klngdon, Jnhu Clinch. Sarah Ann Fish, .Joel Fredmau, Benjamin Matthews French, Alice Louise Griffiths Thomas Hrwitson, Annie Lawrence, William Parker Little, Charles Mackay, Ernest William Croftoi Sadlcir, Mar caret Lucy Thomas, Andrew M 'Ohm: "Valautine, Ella Louise Vasev, Duncan Walker, Elizabeth Williamson. Thy u :ual quarterly meeting of the general committee of management of the Colonial Mutual Life Assurance .Society was hold at the principal office, 84 Collins-street- west, " Melbourne, ou Thursday afternoon, 31st nit. ; his Honor Judge Puhlman occupied the chair, and most of the various colonial boards were represented. The chairman congratulated the meeting upon the Satis factory nature of ihe report winch was laid before tliem, from wliich wc learn that dur ing the past three months there have been received 878 proposals to assure £223.250, ami that during that period 458 policies had been issued assuring £114,340, and in creasing the annual income by the sum of £i081 2s dd. It was further shown that during the two ytars and a quarter that this institution lias been in operation there have been issued no fewer than 2344 policies assuring the enormous amount of £596; 257, the annual income from premiums upon which alone amounts to £19.647 15s 5d. Those present expressed their gratification at the very satisfactory nature of ? the society's progress, and after a vote of thanks to the chairman, separated. Dr. M 'Oraa luvw report. ed on the aboriginal station at Ooranderrl-:, and pronounces it to be in a disgraceful condition. Bubs a com mittee of enquiry, since held, .-gives another I version of the matter. 