i - ■ | THE PENOLA HANDICAP. i I I BY Rustic CUSS. 'Twas snnaet •. as the ©rb of day Sauk slowly oat of sight,.• I stepped from out the heated room""': Into ike dai-kemng night And rambling leisurely along Took heed of no track right or wrongs But left behind the sporting, throng,. AH busy main and might Making their" entries, booking bets, And likewise hiding many wcfca (Bach eager for the pelf),. W idle I with careless tread strolled on Until I found myself upon The very course itself, I paused beside the judge's box, And looked across the plain, And wondering who would winner prove Looked cautiously again Across the flat, for as the moon's Pale ray shone on the straight Methought a shadowy form approached (Yon know twas getting late, And I was so affrighted that I dared do naught but wait) ; A stately equine form came up All clothed in rug and hood— Came like a phantom gliding up - " Close up to where I stood ; And as I turned to haste away, Feeling afraid to longer stayin such a nervous mood, It gave a ghastly spectral neigh, ' And said—" Attend to what I say, : > I am the ghost of old, O.K,j Pray, stop, and don't be rude j Strange tidings reach me in the tomb Of Eating doings here ; AtWI country meetings since my dayMuch altered do appear: < How times have changed; once three- mile heats Were all the go, and chaps Rode nothing under welter weight (No / feathers' then) j but p'raps They didn't quite appreciate Your flying handicaps," Again, a weird sepulchral neigh ; Came from the phantom horse O.K. (How frightened I had got) When "Stay," it said, "beside thi post, And of to-morrow's winners most (Although you know Tin. but a ghost) To you I'll surely spot. Penola Handicap, when Maude Beneath the whip does, flinch, A nd Scud the pride of plaee yields up To Silver Fish and Kinch ; And Flora fails to get in front, And Swindler spurts no more, And Enid euts it at the turn And runs the last of four; When Harry tries in vain the pace A faster one to make ; ^ And Ivanhoe, Casino too, . /' A back seat have to take ; 0 Then Stella comes through with a rush, Extended, but unspurred ; And Kiiich and Maude each other push, One second, t'other third. , I held my breath aghast, when in A deep unearthly voice The phantom racer stall went oh— "Old Mystery is my choice For hurdles"—here the evening breeze Blew softly. Gracious powers ! " / I start—I wake—I hear my name ! 1 hear Host Edw—d's loud exclaim : " We've missed you many hours ; You wandered, out to taketheair, Feeling the heat inside, . . . . And though we called you to return • You never once replied. 1 No doubt a stroll you did attempt, But on. this step sat down and dreamt, > So come and promise us . /; v r . If in your dream it was revealed What horse would go«and lick the field— You'll tip it, Rustic Cuss. _ ^ 