The Morals of Abou Ben Adnem THE INUTILITY OF TRUTH. BY P. V. NASBY. A[?]OU BRN ADHEM was not in good humor He was away from his home, and missed sadly the comforts and conveniences of his tent He took with him the editor of these pages, that in gonial companionship he might mitigate the suffering that to him always accompanied change, but he wm not happy. He wm out of hb place, and wm therefore m uncomfortable os a faro ' dealer would be in a prayer-meeting, a member of Congress at a reform convention, or a lobster in hot water. The dweller in Fifth Avenue, noad to th* conveniences of modern civflbetion, would not be comfortable in the simple tent of P*rabn sat?; so, likewise, the Persian sag* wm not comfortable in the gorgeous room whioh he wo* occupying in • hotel at Trenton. When the boat bacame insupportable, he could not lift the bottom of the cloth of hb tent and get a free circulation of air ; ot Trenton he had to depend on a robed window. "They talk of improvement*," arid Abou to hunorif, m he hung panting Out of the eperture, gawping for breath. ** Hm th* world mad* pro gn** ? Is thb hob hotter than all out-of-doors ?" ' It wm while he wm thus muring, in an irrit ' 4*il* frame of mind, that a •trangwr entered, whins interruption, of all thing* in the world, ] was fcreobely what Abou did not want ' "whatb tho matter with you, my buokl" 1 arid Abou, unconsciously dropping info the far* "Sid Orisntal styb of expression. "Mighty Abou," said the stranger, " I would confer with you. I would be perfect I would lrr* olom to truth. I would so train my •rind that (rath should ever bo in it—my tongue, that it' should ever utter it This b what I yearn for/—troth, "Young man," roplbd Abou, imprassivriy, "to noi«rit that y4i* are anew would baa vary ttlH sUterpsni of your condition. But I will • waste a Utile time on you. Lbten. "In the yean gone never to return, I wm a young man in Ispahan. Iwm the *on of loving parent*, who tent me to the school of Blobard, th* perfectionbt to be instructed in morals. Blobard hold and taught m a flret principle, that truth, >beoluto and understating, should govorn all men; and that under no rircum *auicMe<>ulditbesafriyd^sregrrded k I believed Inm. and wont out into th* world to practbe hb iteming*. "I had a maiden aunt, who had property to which it wm expected I would be heir, and my patent* had particularly instructed me to chow W deference *nd honor. Woo bme that I ever now Blobard, whom may seven thousand fbttds torment! Iwm »t her house just after I hod roorived thb lesson from that prince of quacks. Everything wm propitious for me. She wm ' oovonty- one, and bad a cough which wm tearing her to pieces ; and to make it absolutely certain that ahe could not long aurvive, ahe had throe phyricbn* in attendance upon her. As her wfll wm made, leaving all her eatete to me, the song of tho bulbul wm not more agreeable to my oar than that oough; and the three phyricbn* were more pleasant to my eye than a vision of Para* dbe. "On the morning in question, I found her absorbed in the fashion-pbtoa of the MLady*a Kagarine" of that period. My eon, here ba f act thrown in gratia,—no woman ever gete beyond ' faabion-pUtea. It b a provbion of nature that a fashion-plate delights the feminine mind so long mit b mossed in the feminine body. My aunt wm reclining on a sofa and arrayed gorgeously. She had on a pink mauve poplin, oarage moire antique, cut bb* down the back, with heart-shaped bodice, low in tho neck, *nd with ahort sleeves trimmed with Mbsstos bios. It wm a dress appropriate for a young lady of fifteen with flesh on her ahoulder*. "'Abou,' said she with a death's-head grin and a psralytic shake of the head, 'doth not thb dross accord with my atyl* of beauty!' v I was about to reply like a man of the world, ' Wh«n th* precept of Blobard (whom many fire consurn* t) occurred to me. "'I am sure it doe* not, aunt!' I replied, * You *re too fearfully old and ugly for such a gay dress. The beauty of the apparel calb unnecessary attention too your general ghost- Hhess; you are too bony for such dry-goods, and th* cut thereof add* to your horrible bonrineaa instead of hiding it A skeleton, no matter how perfect * skeleton it may be, should never be dressed low in the neck; for shoulder-blades, when they seem to be forcing their way through aafiron-eolored akin, are never pleasant to look upon. Now, aunt in all candor, I would suggest that instead of dressing yourself so absurdly in lace, you swathe your ahriveiled remains in fnnneb, thus compelling art to furnish what nature has denied—a sufficient covering fur Sur bones. It b absurd fur a hideous old virgin :e you: self to ape the style of a girl of fifteen. Go to, vain old woman ! Instead of indulging in aueh vanities, prepare for Death, who stands 'waiting for you.' " The old lady did not appreciate my trathful nos*. She flew at me like an attenuated tigress, and called me a fool and a beast and ordered me out of her home. The excitement was so great that she fell into fit of coughing whioh killed her. She lived, however, long enough to alter her will, leaving every dirhem of her estate to the Society for the Conversion of the French to Mohammedanism. I never saw a kopeck of it "This was somewhat discouraging, but I de termined to persevere. Blohard had dwelt so strongly on the necessity of absolute truth that I could not think of going back on it So I gritted my teeth and waded in. " I had an uncle, a very rioh man, who was afflicted with poetry. He was troubled with the idea that he was a poet, and spent the balk of his time hacking away at his verses. He had finished a poem of thirty-six cantos, and he invited me to hear it "' My son,' said he, ' I have confidence in your taste and judgment Now, lam going to show this poem to you, and shall abide your judg ment If you say it is good, I shall so esteem it, and publish it; if you say bad, I shall aooept the decision, and burn it' "'Fire away!' I answered, in the Oriental style, whioh is more fervid than your form of utterance in this deliberate and nnimnasstnnsd Weft "The old gentleman read, and read, and read. I straggled manfully to keep awake, and sue* oeededT When he got through he paused. M' Tour honest judgment, my son.' «I determined to give an honest opinion, but I said to myself, I will draw it mild. I will not hart the old gentleman's feelings. I will treat him tenderly. "' Uncle,' sai 11, • the poem may have merits, but I fail to discover them. It is defective hi rhythm, utterly and entirely devoid of sentiment, and atrocious in design. A more stupid, sense less performance I was never bored with. It is hog-wash. It is idiocy—it is deliberate idiocy. It was conceived in weakness and brought forth in inanity. I would, for your sake, that I oould call it lunacy ; but it lacks the strength and fire that an overturned intellect would have given it. I cannot say lunacy in connection with it, for to say lunoay presupposes intellect, of which this performance gives no token. It is drool It is driveL For the sake of your family, do not publish it' " I did not expect this criticism to produce the effect it did, for H was entirely honest and just But it did not strike the old gentleman at all pleasantly. He glared at me a moment fiercely, and raising a chair, felled me to the fioor. He kicked me out of the house, protest ing the while that a more insulting dog than I was did not dwell in Ispahan. "He did publish the poem, however, but the public of Ispahan sustained my criticism. The wits of Ispahan and Teheran made him their butt for weeks. But when he died, he left me, who should have been his heir, a bound oopy of the aocursed trash. "I followed up this thing for a year. I told an orator that his peroration was bosh and his entire speech was clap-trap. I told a dervish that his whirling and howling were only half as good as they had been a year before. In the most candid manner, I informed an actor who had invited me to witness and criticise his per formance, that he was the worst I ever saw. In short* in that year I made an enemy of every man, woman, and child in Ispahan ; and what grieved me was, that in all that time I held closely to the truth, never deviating from it a haitfs* breadth. "And finally I oame to blows with Blohard himself. He asked my madid opinion of a lecture he had delivered, and I told him what I thought, as he had instructed me. I merely remarked that the badness of the thought was only equalled by the badness of the execution, and that both together were exceeded by the .badness of the delivery. Instead of thanking me, he lew into a rage. " My son, truth is not the highest wisdom in ordinary hands, but sUcnoe is. Only, very rich men can afford to spread truth about recklessly. Truth is too precious for every-day use. When a rich man says,' lam a plain, blunt man, and am used to speaking the simple truth; I call things by their right names, I do,'—set him down as a disagreeable old brute, who goes about making people uncomfortable, because be can do it safely. When a poor man says the same, set him down as a fooL I do not advise lying, but beware of too free use of the truth. It needs to be bandied judiciously. Were the world perfect, —were everybody as free from weakness as, for instance, myself,—it would answer, for truth would then be pleasant; but as it is, beware of "Silence, my ingenuous friend, is your best hold. Silence will conceal the fact that your are an inferior being, and will offend nobody. " Let silence be your rule speech the exoep tion. Then shall you prosper and be counted as one of the wise. But leave me now. for I would rat" And Abou, after the manner of the Eastern sages, mixed him in a tumbler the strong waters of the Giaour with lemon and sugar and a very little water (for the water of Trenton is not healihiul), and swallowed it, saying, "Be cbesm, but it is good. It warms the midriff and makes one charitable. For an excuse to repeat, I would be willing, almost, to heave out another chunk of wisdom." And with this Oriental ejaculation, he clambered into his bed. (TO W CONTINUED.) A ODnuKax in Chicago noticed a pigeon entangled in some string on a tree w> tJtat it oonld not extricate itself. A number of boys were throwing stones at it, but the kind man rebuked them for their cruelty and drove them away. Then he got a ladder and tenderly took the frightened, fluttering little creature in hia hand, and the next day he observed that it made one of the b«t pies be had ever eaten. Peri Abbios says that when Bonrdaloue preached at Roueo the tradesmen all left their ■hope, the smith* their forges, and the physicians their sick, and ducked to hear the silver-tongued orator. " But," he adds, " with the must charm ing naivert, " when / preached there, the follow ing year, I vet everything to righta^again—every man minded his own business. Jfot every preacher could expose hi* own unpopularity in (hat way, and amile over a defeat 