'Bambter' In America. The very first circumstances that befell me (says the Rambler in in the States, writing to the Sunday TSnux) prjudiced me violently against everything American, for tee cab wiuch conveyer! me finn tie wharf to my hotel, the driver extorted (to the extreme approval of the by standers, and with the benign con currence of an arbitrating policeman) a. sum equal in English money to jQi aftrling Five blessed dollars for a distance of about 1,500 yards ! — mat is to say, a ^ty'*' here charges exactly the same sum for going seventy-two yards as a London cabman for driving a mile. It was vain to remonstrate, or to answer the inexorable Jehu that I had not 'struck fle,' nor engaged in the 'shoddy' trade, nor obtained a Govern ment office. He got his money, but I hate his nation with an exceeding bitter hatred, which nothing but ink, and much ink, shall ever wash out. I found on entering the hotel that civility was about as expensive a luxury as attarof loses, and like that perfume, retailed by the drop. As for the servants, they were all of them dumb-and-deaf waiters, each one looking like a Declaration of Inde pendence in black and white. Possibly they imagine that their name entities them to keep everybody waiting for them. When I asked one of these brusque 'citizens ' where I could get shaved, he pointed to a room over the door of which was incribed the strange device, 'Tonsorial Parlour!.' I observe that grandiloquence is a national foiling to such an extent, that every little huckster's shop with a three-foot frontage calls itself either 'The European Coal Depot,' or the United States Hour Store,' or the 'American Manufcatory of Wooden Nutmegs.' I also remarked on the church doors that every sexton was an undertaker, and that there are only two dases of citizens those who wore Koh-i-noors in their shirt-fronts, and— gentlemen. The best thing I have yet seen in America is its girlhood, and tiie next best things are its victuals, soccotasb, dam-chowder, homiziy, and buckwheat cakes, which make even Memory's month water ; and its drinks, sherry-cobblers, gin-slings, and brandy cocktails, that makes your very eyeballs jingle ! To a Rambler accustomed to the nuld amenities and grammatical insipidities of FffiglMi journalism, there is something more oovd than alluring in the -vigorous personalities and rampant slang of the American press. Every newspaper is an Argus-eyed Paul Pry, intent on mmrtjng everybody's business in order to increase its own. No public character is allowed to have a private life, for family skeletons are prompry trotted out for the public delectation, and even the family ghost is not safe from being interviewed by die pmrin s devfl. iBe result is that editors, especiallythose « out West,' are regarded somewhat in the same light and treated in the same manner as Irish landlords. They are not included in the game-tars, and as they have no season, they are shot at and otherwise poached fay tie 'loafing' classes all die year round. The revolver is always qoarceumg with the goose-qu31, so that the permanent address of editors in most Western towns is not the editorial ai&ce;, but the hospital. Revolverism will always be an endemic, so long as such murder ing societies as the ' Kn-Kiux-Khan,' and ' Molly Maguires' are allowed to misapply the principle of co-operatioo. Pistol-practice is one of the many Western weaknesses. Supposing you enter a bar-room and refuse to drink with its occupants, you are shot by one rowdy, and your corpse is sat upon by a jury, of twelve others, who probably return some such verdict as ' Sarve him right' In feet, the safest way of begin ning an argument is to point it with bowie-knives and adorn it with der ringers. After all, it is questionable whether these weapons are either more painful or more immoral than the dog of the Lancashire 'rough.' Perhaps I may seem fastidious in my strictures on the freehand-easiness of Western Society, several members whereof have assured me that my ear would soon grow 'more Irish and less nice ' with regard to such social baftaa. Bat as I have no wish to ramble to that bourne whence no rambler returns, I have decided not to make tracks westward until the next Centennial ' Anniversary but one. Possibly by that time rowdyism will have shared the fate of the ' Kilkenny cats,' and will be numbered among the 'busted-up' institutions ol this highly explosive country. Never theless, the Americans are a great people! They can chew more, speculate harder, eal quicker, expectorate farther, live (aster, die sooner, brag louder, bar gain closer, 'cuss' stronger, shoot straighter 'orate' better, and whittle finer than all the three-quarters of the globe pot together. But, alas '. when I reflect that in the great Republic every thing is paper, from shirt-fronts to the national currency, the spirit of prophecy descends upon me, and wrapping my face in the mantle of the seer, lo ! I behold the fair goddess liberty, squatting on a papier-mache pedestal, weeping over the green-backed ghost of the late lamented almighty Dollar ; while, in the distance, a 'heathen Chinee' presides over a Congress of niggers, with an army of Irish to enlorce its decrees. What better fate, forsooth ! can possibly await a people whose religious creed declares that 'there is One Dollar, and Paper is bis prophet?' 