*-L' -'BESSY 'COM WAY I if ? '. OB, THE; USE GIEli IS? AH1SICA. ? By MES. J. SAPLIER. ' ' CHAJPTEB XVII.~(Continued.) ? ' Wbll, Mp. Clerk in a wholesale house in Pearl-street, I shall invest a small sum of money in a cow-hide some of these days for !-'. j^ouir special benefit-—- ? -' ' I wouldn't if I were yous' said Mike . ^ery drily, ?' better keep your company, sir, for something else— give it to some old ' ? woman to oay a prayer for you.' ' Very well, my lad, very well, I'll have ?? my eye on you, depend on it. ' Mike answered by a gesture indicating perfect indifference. The clamour of Bridget's scolding voice, ? and the various exclamations of the others, were little heeded by Ned. He was concen trating his thoughts for a grand attack on Herbert, but what with the anger and the quantity of liquor he had bean imbibing, he ??? coul-| havdly make himself intelligible. He stood' up and made an attempt to look very fierce, Ms eyes starting from their sockets, his limbs tottering under the weight of his bloated body, and his whole frame trembling. 'Mr. Herbarfe,' said he sputtering and stammering at every word, ' Mr. Herbert, what did you do that for, sh ? I took you for a friend— (hiccup)— I 3ee I was wrong— vit-. -was- Luty Muliigan'a Mend you were — sailing under false colours — I thought you . were a gentleman, Mr, Herbert ; but I tell you plainly, you're no such thing — you're a scoundrel, sit?— -gefe out of my house.' ' Certainly, Mrv Finigan, certainly,' said Herbert with comic gravity, ' much obliged to youj Ms. Finigan.' ' Very uugrateful, 'pon honour,' ejscu leted Bison. ' That's your thanks, Herbert, for all the money you spent here.' ' And all the hours I endured his com pany,'' pointing, contemptuously to Ned, ' all the nonoence I heroically listened to — well, no matter, Dixon. In the language of Scripture, I have my reward.' 'What'ofchafcr said Ned with a sudden .- Hash, of 'animation. . . ^Sevenge I1' cried Herbert sternly, 'Re- V®ngQ I' and he looked around with the smile ? of an ejmlting demon, his face pale with the \- ? intensity of passion, aa he pointed to the ?«B'gamly figure of the landlord. :. 'Blessed Mother!' murmured Bessy Conway, pale as death ; without heeding her f Herbert went on9 Paul motioning to the others to keep silent. *' Neither man nor woman ever injured _ .-.me with impunity. Look at Ned Finigan . -v now and think what he was the day he made 'a show of me before the passengers of the Garrick. Ha, ha. He bears my mark on .?'every feature and on every limb; I°made him what he is— I, Henry Herbert — alas, poor fooi, if I didn't hate you as I hate the devil I could pifcy you for the wretched , thing you are=-rll leave you now to your '? own pleasant thoughts— as for you,' turn ing to Paul with a dark scowl of hatred, ' aa ton you— you? time will come.' '♦I defy you,' said Paul calmly and \ - firmly, 'you can do me no harm while I , walk in the way of God's commandments. If that unfortunate man had kept from the liquor and avoided your company you coulda't isavo injured him either. The Lord look to him this day.' ? ' You may well say that, Paul,' said Ned, z falling helplessly into his seat, and looking all the misery that his tongue could not ex press ; *? I'm done, I'm done — there's not so poor a creature on Gol's earth — sure enough . he hao hio revenge— but oh, what did I do to him, compared with what he hno done to me. I don't blame him, though, so much as I blame myself — I know I was doin' wrong ?—poor Ally and yourself and Peery and .Bridget—*© very body that wished m* well told it to me many a time— but I wouldn't bean to thero-^now, now, now, it's too late— the devil hao hie grip on me—oh, this busi ness—this business.' '? Nonaenopj man,' ociid Dixon in half jest, whole earnest, ' don't blntne the bus tne-s — you have made money at it — you're a rich man— demme, you're ungrateful/' ' Rich,' murmured Ned ; 'rich, ay. neb, ? , indeed. What's riches to me now ? I'd give all I'm worth in the world to be—' 'Able to cany rr-e rap the companion ladder,' put in Herbert, v/ith hio mocking laugh. ' Take him away,' said Ned, ' take him out of my sight, or I'll be tempted to raise my hand to ?;him, and if I do I'll kill him, as aura as God's in hoaven I will.' ?. ? Bridget anr) Ally wore loud in their threats predicting for Heiborfc all aorta of \7oes, '', ? * temporal and eternal, , Besoy, overwhelmed ,'?'-? r^ith grief not unmixed with shame, made ; , ? ' ' wi efpr§ tp ojpal away unootiosd, but Paul ' - - i GiiUght her hand and drew her back to her seat. His next move was rather singular, and startled every one present. He walked deliberately and losked first one door and then the other. ' Now.*' said he, ' I'm going to tell a story, and I don't want to be disturbed, you see. Sit down, Mr. Herbert and Mr. Dixon, sit down and make yourselves comfortable. I used to be a great hand at telling stories, and maybe if I could think - of a good one now, it would put you all in better humour.' One look and another looked; . They could hardly believe their ears; and so strange was the proposition, so odd the manner in which it was made, that Herbert and Dixon laughed heartily, declaring that the dwarf had lost his senses. Down they both sat, and Her bert rapped the table with his knuckles. ' The story by all means. His lordship's story.' Paul grinned and nodded and cleared his throat. CHAPTER XVIII. Just as Paul was about to commence his story the waiter knocked at the door to say that Tom Cassidy and Mrs. Sheehan were outside and insisted on being let in with the rest. 'Is there anybody else?', asked Paul through the keyhole. 'Nobody; only Teague Moriarty, from near Ardfinnan.' ' They're all welcome,' said Ned applying the key to the lock. . ' Bad manners to you, Paul,' said Cassidy as they entered, '? is it makin' masons you ar-% or what, that you lock the doo? on your» selveo 1' ' Ask no questions and we'll tell you no lies,' said Paul curtly ; ' sit down all of you — Mrs. Sheehan, ma'am, here's Bessy and Mrs. Murphy and Mrs. Finigan— come in here to the corner, there's room for you. Now, Mr. Herbert, I know you're a good warrant to treat people — here's a nice little company of us now. most all from your own placa at home — what are you goin' to do for us ? a gentleman like you ought to have an open hand.' The cutting irony of these remarks made Herbert wince. ' That back of yours stands you in good stead, if it weren't for it you should have your answer pretty quick.' 'Paul,' said Ned in a voice quivering with anger, ' I'll not stay here if he's in the room.' ''Deed an' you will, then, Ned,' said Paul, 'to oblige me you'll do it, an' keep as quiet as a monse now I'm going to begin my story.' ''Botheration to you,' muttered Ned be tween his teeth, ' what do I care for your stories P' ' I believe the confounded fellow takes us all for fools,' said Herbert to his friend in a stage whisper. 'Shall we stay, think youP' 'Denims, we can't help staying,' said Dixon pointing to the door now again fast. He felt rather curious to hear the story told under such singular circumstances, but he did not say so. ' Well, if we must, we must,' said Her bert with a careless smile, and leaning back in his chair he folded his arms, and looked around with an air, half mocking, half con temptuous, carefully avoiding, however, the particular spot ^ nre Bessy aat silent and, as it seemed, ab f eted. 'Well, now, I- .-con,' said Herbert half tnrninE? to his friend, 'I rather think we're a precious pair of fools, sitting here waiting for an old crazy-pate to spin hi3 yarn.'' ' I b'lieve its a ghost- story I'll tell you,' said Paul fixing his eyes on the ceiling as though there were some cabalistic signs there to aid his memory, Pre-occupier) and anxious as most of his auditors were, and little ' 'i the vein' for hearing stories, there was something in Paul's manner that riveted their attention, and they listened, they knew not why. ' It happened in a place that most of you krow well,' resumed Paul, ' that's the old abbey church of Ardfinnan.' Why, to be sure, every one knew it, and every one's attention was douh.y excised. Even Ned roused himself like a dog ohulripg off a drowsy fit. ' But sure we al' hoard it before,' s^id Teague Moriarty, ' if it's that you're goir ' to tell us.' 'Will you just have a little manners, Teagtie. and don't interrupt m*? I know you all beard pnrt of the story, but that's the very reason you ought to hear more.'' ' Confound you,'' said Herbert angrily. ' do you think we can sit here listening to yo v nonsensical rigmaroles ?'' ' Take it easy, Mr. Herbert, ^alro it ea^y,' aaid Panl drily, 'many wn hour you sp 'nt, here when there was ne'er a story to bear— your time isn't worth any more now than it was then. Well, you all remember, T'm sure, the terror that was over the whole ' country for miles round in regard to the ! noise that used to be heard in the lonesome i place where there wasn't a living soul omly the old monks that were in their graves hundreds of years.' ' J2oj &a;, that's good9 isn't it V aaid Her fcsEfc £s- Pison uith a strango ^aaaturai . t 1 ?. . laugh. ' Not a living soul but the dead old monks, eh?' Paul took no notice but went on. ' Strange noises were heard and strange sights were seen about the abbey at the dead hour of night when the world was sleeping. You all remember the talk that was about it, and the stories that were told, fib to make the hair on one's head stand on end.' 'Eemember it,' cried Teague Moriarty, ' why, I got a fright myself thore, one night that me and Phil Byrne were coming home from a dance^ and it was late we took a near cut through the fields, that brought us in sight of the otild abbey.' ' What did you see V asked Herbert, much amused. ' I saw — Christ between us and harm— I saw a blaze of light shinin' out from the windows that you'd think there was a grand illumination in it.' ' Ha, ha, ha — ho, ho, ho, d'ye hear that Dixon P' and Herbert laughed vociferously. ' A blaze of light through the windows — why, man, there hasn't been a window there for agea.' 'No matter, Mr. Herbert, it's all the same,' said Paul, 'we know what Teague means, and I'm sure he's telling the truth, for I often saw the light myself.' ' Are you in earnest V ' Indeed I am, Mr. Herberfc—and that's so sure that I got a talking about it to Billy Potts, the sexton of Ardfinnan church — you all know him— and we made it up that we'd go some night and watch together at St. Finian's Abbey.' Another wild burst of laughter from Her bert startled the eager listeners. ' Ho, ho, ho, two humps -with, their heads together, plotting against the ghosts — 'down among the dead men' — ha, ha, ha.' 'And did you go?' said Ally with breath less eagerness, heeding only Paul. ' Go,' cried Herbert again, ' go, not they, indeed. I'd like to see the living man that ; would keep watch by night in St. Finian's church.' ' You may see him now, then,' said Paul coolly, ' for I'm the man that did it, myself j and Billy Potts.' | ' Christ save us !'— ' Lord bless us !' 1 'An' what did you see, Paul, what did you see, astore P' This last was from Dolly Sheehan. ' Did you see the black dog V asked another. Paul paid little attention to the eager ex clamations of those around him — the weird spirit was upon him1 — he was brooding over his own strange fancies, and conjuring up bodiless shapes from the grave of vanished years. He sat with his small eyes fixed on vacancy yet gradually kindling with inward fire, his large head bent forward, and his hands resting on his knees. His thin pale lips were working and twitching with a nervous motion yet they gave forth no j sound. Every eye was fixed on him but no one ventured to speak. Even Herbert for got his levity, and sat silent and attentive. He was pale, too, and appeared ill at ease, watching Paul's countenance most intently. ' What did I see ?' said Paul at length raising his head and speaking very slowly, ' I saw what I didn't expect to see. It was a dark dull night in the harvest-time that Billy and myself went up to the Abbey, and a lonesome tramp we had of it, for we waited till the people were all at rest, and you know even even in daylight what a place it is on account of the trees meetin' overhead and the big black rocks that look as if they were ready to fall a-top of you. Myself felt a little daunted when we got to the old Abbey and seen it standin' up between us and the sky, and indeed it was only the bulk of it we could see through the thick darkness. Billy trudged along as contented as if he was walk in' down the street and the blessed sun shinin' over him. Billy never knew what fear was. He was so used to diggin' down among the dead and handlin' their white bones that he wasn't a bit afeard of them, and I didn't care to let him know that I was ' Well, when we got to the Abbey there wasn't a thing to be seen, barrin' the great Hack walls and the trees about them stinking in the wind, for it was blowin' a little at the time. 'God guard us, Billy,' says I, 'isn't it a lonesome place this V ' It's a quiet place,' says Billy back again, ' a brave quiet place —I see no signs of them yet' — ' who,' says I, 'why, the sperits,' says Billy, 'maybe they'll not afcir out the night, it's so dark and dismal.' Billy lauched but I didn't laugh, for it made the- hair stand on my liead to hear ?iim talkin' that way at such a time and such 1 place. 'Where are we goin' for shelter, Billy P' says I to him, 'we can't stay hen long unless we get under cover, for I'm thinkin' the weather is goin' to change. ' We'll see,' says Billy, 'maybe we won't have to stay long, but, at any rate, I think I know a place where we can have a view of the inside, and be in shelter, too. When I was a little fellow I spent many an hour among these ruins, and even of late years I often drop in of a Sunday to see the old place and sit among the quiet dead. I have a great wish for the dead, Paul, espaycially the monks that I know were so good and died so happy, and I often spend awhile pickin' the rubbish and the weeds from about theiff tombstones, an' when I meet any bonos . 1 _?. '? t ' * ' , ' ?-?'', 1 ' .' - i lyin' about I gather them up and pile them all together for fear some of them might be long to the monks or the abbots or some of them holy people. If it was daylight, Paul, I could show them to you — a nice little pilo in the middle of the chancel where the altar uaed to stand.' ' I'm thankful to you, Billy,' says I back to him, ' hut I'd as soon see anything else as see a heap of dead men's bones.'' 'I'll break your bones,' said Herbert savagely, ' if you don't either get on with your story or open the door and let us out.' 'Have patience, Mr. Herbert,' said Paul drily ; ' I'm getting on finely, sir ; whore was I ? — oh, I know, I was at the bones—* well, Billy laughed at myself when I said that, but, anyhow, we v/alked round the church till we came to the place where ifcand the Abbey joined, and Billy took mealong . a narrow passage — in the v/all I think it was —and up a little flight of stone steps — he had to hold me by the arm all the way, myself not knowin' where ifc was safe to put my foot — and last he pushed me down and I found myself sittin' squat on a stone bench, and dark as it was, I could see that there wa& an opening before us like a window. 'Now/ says Billy, 'if there's anything to be seen here the night, we'll see it, Paul, sit there now, an' if it rained till mornin' we wouldn't get a drop.' '' ' What a pair of old fools you were to be sure,' interrupted Herbert with one ofhia wild unseasonable bursts of laughter, 'I sup« pose it was up in th- belfry you were, among the crows.'1 ' No, it wasn't,' said Paul nodding signi« ficantly at him ; 'it was on one 3ide of the choir.'' 'Ha!' Paul nodded again and glanced furtively afe Herbert, then went on: 'The night was dark, as I told you before, and the wind, though not very high at first, made a dismal sound amongst thevaults and passages of the old building. The rooks were cawing mourn fully amongst the ivy on the castle towers close by, and the bats were flying round us where we sat, flapping their wings in our very faces. I didn't like the place a bit, and many a time I winhed myself in my little room in the village below. Between the cold and the fear that was on me, I was shivex'ing from head to foot, and still I didn't care to tell Billy how I felt. ' ' I think we're only losin' our time sit tin' here,' says I at last ; ' thero won't any thing show itself the night just because we're here.' ' ' Hush,' says Billy in a whispor, ' I hear something.' ''It's the wind,' says I; 'No, it isn't,* says he — ' listen.' ' We both sat a few moments longer keepo ing in our breath and straining our eyes to see through the darkness. I did hear a noise sure enough, and the cold sweat was tricldin' down my face, and every hair on my head was up of an end. ' They're comin',' whis« pered Billy, and his voice sounded like one t'rom the dead and made me ohiver all over. There came a gust of wind sweeping down the aisle, and a flash of lighting, as I thought, that filled the whole church. I wasn't lightning, though ? ''The Lord in heaven, save us, what's that P' says I, ' that light isn't from the sky?' ' ' It's from the pit,' says Billy. ' Look there,' and I looked down where the l-'ght seemed to come, and what do you think I saw?' ' What, what, Paul V said Ned all aghast like the rest. 'Perhaps the perturbed spirit of Jerry Faby, the butcher P' suggested Herbert wickedly. ' The light was right under us,' went on Paul, 'and a blue brimstone light it Deemed, too.'' 'Brimstone, your grandmother,' cried I Herbert. I ' And figures were there in the shape of ; men, every one with a pointed hood on his head and a loose coat belted in about him like what the monks used to wear, They weve grinnin' and laughin' at one another and jabberin' like monkeys, and I thought the very life would leave me when I saw them gatherin' round the pile of bones. * Christ save us, whafe are they goin1 to do ?' says I j to Billy, under my breath. * Husht,' says he, 'you'll soon see that Let them be what they may, they have business on hands.' ' Paul stopped, and taking out his little red handkerchief wiped the perspiration from hio brow. ' Oh, Lord,' said he as if to himself, ' can I ever forget what I suffered at that moment. I thought the very blood in my v ins turned into ice when I saw one of them take out, a pack of cards and throw them on the dead men's bones, and the shout of a laugh they all gave then, echoed through the whole buildin'. With that the wind rose to a hurricane, and the old walls shook again \vith. every gust, and the thunder crashed right over our heads, and the blue lightning flashed on every side, and you'd think hell itself was let loose on the minute. Billy and me crept close together, for fear was in our hearts, but the things below laughed louder and louder, and rattled, the dice in hellish 1 glees and dealt the cards and began to piay,' 