SPORTING NOTES FROM HOME. BT RUGBY. LONDON, SEPT. J. The York Summer Meeting was, in deed, bat a shadow of its former anni vtreariep, and, as my friend the conductor of " Oar Van " in Bailey's Magazine trnly de scribes the appearance of the streets on the eve of the races, we appeared to be in the presence of the ghost of tha once celebrated York August. The state of the ground, as also the terrible condition of many of oar wolds, heathB, and downs, most account not only for the many discrepancies in the form exhibited here and at Stockton, as well ai for the poor ness of the fields; for on account of unfavour able reports Lord Falmouth would not send his two year olds or St Leger horse, and many that had arrived for more than one engagement were so knocked about in their first effort-Thunder to wit-that they de clined the subsequent ones. The owners who puUed out their horses most frequently were Mr. H. Bird, who won the Lonsdale Plate with Concha and the Bradgate-park StakeB with Policy, beating two of the best fields on the first day. Mr. Houldsworth took the Convivial Stakes with Sunray, by King of the Forest out of Sunshine, a .Biennial StakeB with an equally high-sound* ing Russley pedigree, Wood Anemone, by same sire-Crocus, who was lucky enough to get home a head before Spiegelsohiff, who, was all to pieces on the hard ground. An other biennial also fell to the green and gold of Mr. Houldswortb, only by a head, however, again, and it was Corregio's head which got to Judge Johnston before Glastonbury; and Coltness won. the Great Yorkshire Stakes, but his price for the St. Leger was not influ enced by his victory, for he only beat Sailor, also an outsider for Doncastrian honours, and Lookhart Mr. Saville was in luck's way, tyo, for Zee credited him with the Yorkshire Oaks and the St, Leger, while the way was made dear for old Lilian in the Ebor Handi cap, with which victory a considerable amount of luck must be associated, for had there not been a split in the camp of Hampton's backers, she mpat have gone down again as at Goodwood, and even when this bug bear was removed from her path, on the Saturday before tha race, when the horse was struck out at the very moment he was first favourite, and being backed all over the length and breadth of the lend, fortune stUl favoured her; for it appears to be the general opinion that bad not a dog (the curse 6f all raceoourses except Newmarket alone) nearly knocked Aggie ttiorpe off hie legs the Great Ebor would not hive gone to Rufford. Sir John Lister Kaye won the Member's Plate apd the Rufford Abbey Stakes with Stroller. A few years ago, before racing had been done to death, a man would most probably have been quickly njmoved into the safe custody of the pro prietor of the nearest lunatic asylum tyaa he been bold enough to predict a walkover for the York Cup, and three runners for the Great Yorkshire on the same afternoon. Had enoha person been sent to durance vilfc he must have been Unrated last Thursday after* noon; however, for the doable «vent came off. Thunder had had ao macta difficulty ia beating Charon for the Queen's Guiaeaa oa the previoaH afternoon tbat wise counsels were listened to, and Mr. Vyner btruck him oat, although the horse was ia the paddock, and Archer dressed to ride him, and Contro versy wbb allowed to walk over for the for feits. There was a good deal of dis cussion on the merits of the two, and it ia a pity tbat Thunder was allowed to start, and veiy nearly get beaten too, for a Queen's Plate when so much more coveted a trophy was to be ran for. In each matters owners are the best judges, in others they should allow the interests of the public to be of some little consideration. So recently as Stockton, Glastonbury's withdrawal from { the chief handicap there produced some very cauBtic and well merited remarks. Here, again, a few days after, the same thing occurs; the horse s number was ready to go up, his jockey was weighed out, and a lot of betting had taken place. Such things are not right; a poor man may make the excuse that, perhaps, he may get a pony not to tun, or something of that sort. Bat such paltry considerations do not hold good with men like the owner of Thunder, Camballo, &c.; Mandarin was made a great favourite for the Harewood Plate, 6 to i being taken about him in a field of nine, and considering his Ascot running the price seemed fair, for he had beaten 22 for the Wokingham Stakes, after having run fourth, well up to Hopbloom, Dalham, and Thorn, for the Royal Hunt Gap. Mandarin had all the best of the start, which was not a very good one, and he made what use of it he could, bat era he had reached the distance he was done with, and Madge Wildfire taking up the running won in a canter by four lengths. Here was a tma up. .At Ascot Thorn was giving 281b. to Man darin ; at Stockton he gave 421b. to Madge Wildfire; here Mandarin gives Madge 51b. and receives a stone or two's beating-a race that will bother the handicappeis, verily. And so ended the worst meeting that 1 have ever had the misfortune to attend at York, or, indeed, at any of our great racing centres. Croydon followed York, and no doubt several thousand shillings tumbled into the boxeB at the pay-gates, from thence to be transferred to Mr. VerraU's credit at his bankers. But the racing was not worth crossing Oxfoid-Btreet to see. There have been any nnmber of meetings during the preaent week, some of which will be still going on after this badget is closed. At Great Yarmouth on the ease .coast, and at Weymouth in the far south, tbe visitors at the seaside have had a little change from their monotonous strolls by the sad sea wave. The hardware district had Jeen taken care of by Mr. Sheldon at button-park, and Mr. H. Mason at Wolver hampton ; while in the neighbourhood of ft be great metropolis Messrs. Pratt and Bar brook have been assiduous in supplying sport for those of their clients who are not better Engaged on the moors, or in the stubbles, at Bandown-park ; while to-morrow, Saturday, }he same enterprising caterers have an nounced an afternoon's pony racing at the Alexandra Palace. At Satton-park the at tendance was in no way diminished owing to tbe great triennial festival going on in the Town-hall, and thanks to a heavy down pour on the previous afternoon the going was really excellent, consequently the fields were larger than had been anticipated. The Bir mingham Autumn Handicap was the only event of any importance, for which Chimes had come south, and Ermengarde from New market; this pair being opposed only by Dnmblane and Anchorite. The liberal odds of 7 to 4 were laid on Chimes, who waited for nearly a mile, when she quickly disposed of Anchorite and Ermengarde, bat found it no such easy matter to get rid of Dnmblane, who stuck to her gamely, and was only done with in the last few strides, the mare winning cleverly at tbe finish by half a length. On the second day the chief race-the Sutton-parkWelterCup-was won by Acrobat. The weather was very wet, and the attendance for below tbe average. At Yarmouth, Prince Soltykoff won the three chief handicaps with Villafranca- rather a contrast to Duke of Parma's running last year at the same place, in the same colours, to which performance be is probably indebted for his subsequent success in the Cesarewitch. Tbe way iB apparently being cleared for Kisber's Sc. Leger chance, for Forerunner, who ran second to him inthe Derby, hasbeenetruck out of the race; and Enguerrandfe. who ran a dead heat with Camelia for the Oaks, and second to Kisber for the Grand Prize, is re ported to be amiss. My racing news is very spare this week. The meetings are all third class, and the horses are nearly all run through. . Wherever the English language is spoken, the utmost disgust will be expresssed at the conduct of those Newcastle men who acted as the backers, advisers, and friends of Lumsden in his engagement to row Trickett for the championship of the world. Long, however, .before Trickett leaves for his home he will have found out that the clique who have acted in such a dishonourable, each an un-English, manner to him will be scouted away from the haunts of all that are honest, and that if they are not compelled to pay him his stake and bet, which are most righteously due to him, the British public will not let him depart a lot,er by the transac tion. The Sportsman has offered to hoad a subscription with 10 guineas, and doubtless plenty more will be quickly forthcoming. But this is not the point; Trickett won't be a loeer by the foul trick played on him; but by the doers of this trick all England, as a nation, is scaudaliBed. i Everything, as all the world knows, went right until the evening when the final deposit of £100 a side, and £100 a side for the bet, were to be made; and Trickett's baoker, Me. Punch, was there at tbe appointed place with bis £200 in his pocket, when, lo and be hold 1 the north country money was not forthcoming; the representatives of Lumsden said they were not satisfied with the progress he bad made in his training. Another excuse was that bis hands had given way, to. Lumsden had, however, been out that very morning, doing his work as usual. Trickett was a much-ibused man, no one ever suspected that the backers of Luaisden wonld ever have the audacity to claim the money down, for that money w&s;, to all in tents and purposes, forfeited. At first little wias said, but very shortly the part of the bet tbat had been staked was demanded back; and on Saturday last I was told, on the best authority, that the editor of Bells Life, who was stakeholder, has reoeived notice not to pay any part of the stakes at all Every man in England, as I said before, Unshed tor the conduct of this New castle crew; right heartily were we all ashamed of them when we heard that the paction of the bet was only in dispute j but now that the whole money down Is to be claimed back seems past all villanv. It has been the boast of Englishmen tbat in all our matches, In all oar sports and pastimes, there is no favour or affection shown to anyone; the same equal fairness iB distributed to all alike. Horses j are sent from America, Australia, the Cape, France, Austria, Hungary, kc., to run against our fleetest. Has not France won oar Derby, O&kts;, St. Leger, and nearly all our other great races? This very year our greatest prize was won by Kisbar, a horse bred in Hungary. The two mares, Enguerrande and Camelia, who ran a dead heat for the Oaks, were the property of French gentlemen, even if they were not both bred in France; and probably the St. Leger will be won by a foreignbred horse also. In every other branch ofeport the maxim has always been May the best win ?" How shall we in days to come be able to say that we of the present generation have cherished the spirit of fair ness, the love of fair play, that was instilled into us, and into thoBe gone before as, so far back as the days when Australia teas un known, and our enterprising and'adventurous colonists were as yet unborn ? We can never Bay so; we must hang down our heads and lift tbem up again no mora; we must all be tarred with the same bruBh thathas defiled Lumsden and his backers, unleBS, and only unless, we ignore the miserable meanness-the win, tie, or wrangle policy-of these northerners, and, X ation of true lovers of fair play, see tbat Trickett is not only insured against any °f.thei expenses he has been put to, but that a handsome testimonial be given him, and a champion belt that he can look upon for the re mainder of his life, and which will be of saffi. cient importance to cause him to forget the treatment he received at the hands of a de spicable few. Bat enough of such an un> savoury subject My readers, however, may be assured that the whole press of ranginnrf are determined to see Trickett righted, and they may rest assured that he is in no bad hands. 8in©e writing the above a letter has ap. geared in the Sportsman, written by Mr. Ptinch, Trickett's backer, which mil more than ever open the eyes of the British public to the iniquity of the whole transaction, and it will be a very long time indeed before the men of Newcastle are again recognised in the world of sport; and they will have all their rowing and match-making to themseves, for no one will be silly enough to truBt them again until this foul blot on their hononr is wiped out Cricket is still confined to county matches, several of which have been played daring the last week, the moat important being those between Sussex and Gloucestershire, Surrey and Kent, Yorkshire against Sarrey, and Kent against Lancashire. In the first named, which was played at the Clifton Col lege, Bristol, the weather, which was cold and wet, was mnch against the play, as well as the comfort of the spectators, and the game was unfortunately a drawn one, Sussex < scoring 281, of which F. J. Greenfield got 126, J. Lillywhite 27, and J. N. Cotterill 70; while Gloucestershire put together 342 in their fiiBt innings, C. R. Filgate's 93 being the highest score, while W. G. Grace contributed 78, and Miles and Moberley 37 and 36 respectively. The second innings was not completed, there being still six wickets to go down when time «aa called, with 172 on the board ; of which E. M. Grace had made 63, G. F. Grace 46, aud W. R. Gilbert 46. The match between Surrey and Kent will be the last of any im portance played on the Oval this year, and it was not a very well contested one to wind up the seaBon with, for Sarrey almost may be said to have walked in. the scored being, Kent G6 and 258, Surrey 268 and 57, with 10 wicket* to go down. Oa the Sarray side Jupp played two capital innings of 73 and 25, not out both times; and Humphrey's play was equally good for his 71 and 28, not out For Kent, Mr. F. Penn 22, and Lord Harris 21, were the only double numbers in the first innings, no lees than four out of the 11 being out without scoring; but they played better the second time they went to the wickets Mr. V. K. Shaw being .good for 56 Lord Harris made31, Mr. W. Foord Heleiy49, and Mr. Yard ley 45. Yorkshire beat Surrey with 24 runs to spare, neither score calling for any comment, and the same remark may apply to the match between Kent and Lancashire, played at Gravesend, the former county winning by 129 runs. In Scotland the return match between Dalkeith and the gentlemen of York shire ended in a drawn game, mnch in favour of the Scotchmen, they having scored 356 in their first inningB, the Yorkshire team only getting 120; but when time was called they had made 282 in their second inning^ with three wickets to go down. From America we hear that in the final heat at the Centennial Regatta for the amateur four-oared race, rowed at Philadel phia yesterday, the London crew were beaten by the Beaverwick crew, a New York dnb boat being third; the race is described by telegraph as having been won by 12 inches, after the London boat had beenfouled by each of the others. On the previous day the watermen from London won the chief race after several heats, but the information 68 yet received is most imperfect. Since writing my remarks upon the sculling cham pionship dispute I have just read a letter written by James Taylor, the principal backer of Lumsden, addressed to Mr. Punch, which attempts to put quite another feature on the case; Taylor demands an apology threatens Mr. Punch that if he does not send one he will hear more about it The letter may serve to alter Bome people's opinion, but 99 out of every 100 Mngljahman win etill take Trickett's part. The whole affair is of the most unsavoury description, and as a nation we have been disgraced* Taylor, in his letter, brings forward state raents which may bs taken for true until refuted, but even if tbey are so they have nothing to do with the main Issue. He merely says tbat Mr. Punch knew that Lumsden was going to forfeit before the ?Light arrived for posting the final deposit; liun be says nothing at all about serving Bell's L'fe with a notice not only not to pay the portion of the bet that had been staked, but alBO the Btakes themselves. When Taylor can satisfy the British public in' tegard to this conduct, then, but not until i ben, will tbat Britten public believe that thf y bavenot been disgraced by Taylorand Co. Mr. Vyners rumoured retirement from the turf appears to have been a little prema ?ure; although his health has been for some time anything but good it has bo far improved lately as to give his friends hopes of a speedy recovery. He was at Stockton aud York, looking much better and stronger than he did at Goodwood. Poor Sam Adams dropped down while talking through the Strand a few days ago, and died before he could be taken to me Charing.oroBS HospitaL He was for many years in William Bay's stable, and was very uccesaful as a light weight his two best wins being on Catch-'em-alive and, a few years later, on Lozenge, after running a dead heat with Wolaey, both for the Cam bridgeshire Stakes, A most extraordinary ao cident happened at Croydon last Saturday. Fairy was being got ready to run for Che Stand Plate, ana in order to give her a little Dutch courage, her trainer was about to administer a little whisky, when she sud denly reared up, ]ftooldng her head with eucbfproe agafcst a proS wttng beam that .be fell dead ob the #pot 