MUSIC AND DRAMA. The week before Christmas' is never a lively one for public entertainments. People then are rather more inclined to save up for the coming festivities, and accordingly the theatres languish. A correspondent has put the matter in rather a curious way. At the late All-England Eleven cricket match there were, he assumes, 30,000 persons prese it altogether. Reckoning the admission fee to the grounds) the loss of time, and the incidental exnenses. it is not too much to say that the cost to each person was ten shillings, giving as a result that £15,000 was spent on this one sport, diminishing, of course, by that amount the power fund available for other amusements. It would really be worth while to follow this kind of calcu lation out, and ascertain what amount is really expended in amusements by the public. The total, even roughly arrived at, would be rather startling. Last week concluded the subscription season for opera at the Theatre Royal; but the management decided to con tinue for the present week. Accordingly, on Monday ? 'Luorezia Borgia' was produced for the first time this season. Signora Guadagnini was the Luerezia ; Signor Cameio. Gennaro; Signora Venosta, Orsini; and Signor Cesari, Duke Alfonso. Even with this cast, whioh was a good one— excepting that it was disappointing not to hear Signor Pailadini as the Gennaro— the performance was scarcely satisfactory. In places the acting was excellent, and the singing wertby of piaise, but as a whole the per formance was not worthy of the reputation which the present company have hitherto deservedly acquired. There were many mistakes which not even the brilliant exceptions mentioned could overcome; and, in fact, it was tolerably apparent that the opera had not been sufficiently rehearsed. If this were so, it would explain the shortcomings; but how far that explanation may be satisfactory to the public is another question. Signora Guadagnini sane well, and in some passages beautifully. Signora Venosta was encored, of course, in the drinditi, and the same compliment was deservedly paid to Signor Cesari in his great scena. Signor Camero acted very well, and in the last scene, espe cially, gave a fine rendering of his part These were all noteworthy, but it would be forming an e-roneous idea of the company to imagine that their rendering of this ?opera gave a fair estimate of their abilities. What has just been said applies equally well to the per formance of ' Kigoletto ' on the following night. Signor Palladini's voice was welcome, as it must always be to those who admire a pure tenor, especially when artistically em ployed. Signora Baraty took great care in the impersona tion of Gilda, and, if there was any absence of success, it was not attributable to want of good-will on her part. Sig- . nor Orlandini was in excellent voice; and of Signora Venosta it is unnecessary to speak. Whatever part she fills in an opera is certain to be well done. The remaining parts were all that could be expected under the circum stances. On Wednesday 'Faust' and on Thursday « Ruy Bias' were repeated; andto-night 'Norma' will be given. It will be seen, therefore, that three fresh operas, so to speak, have been produced since the subscription season ended, at which the ticketholders are somewhat wrath, rrhe only consolation they have is, that the additions made to the repertoire of operas during the week have not been produced with the completeness which distinguished the performances during the regular season. The Opera Company will give a sacred concert on Monday night, end are to appear at Biisrane on the 30th ins tint, where the season is to commence with ' il Troratore.' At the Victoria Theatre the drama '£60,000 '.written by a well-known Australian lady, was given on Monday and Tuesday, but neither play, oorrobboree. chorus, nor a ttght rcpB performance, whioh was introduced on the second night, Would make the piece take. So on Wednesday the manage ment went back to ' East Lynne.' Last night the theatre was closed for a dress rehearsal of the pantomime, which is to be produced to-night. Miss Adelaide Bowring has been doing the leading business this week at the Victoria with her usual ability, though it has been rather a thankleM task. The Christmas pantomimes are now ready for proiua tion. The title of the Victoria piece ia 'Alpine Applet, or Harlequin Intelligence and the Swiss A B.C.' The Royal pantomime is ' Twinkle, Twinkle, Little Star, or Hailequin Jack Frost, Little Tom Tuoker, and the Old Woman that Lived in a Shoe.' Both have been looalized by Mr. Lewis Scott. The managers of both theatres are sparing neither labour nor expense tj mount the Christmas pieces in first-rate style. A concert was given at the School of Arts on Saturday night by Mr. Du Bonlay, a concertina-player of some celebrity, and several professional artists, including Miss Betsie Harrison, Messrs. James Hinchy, Henry Blomfield, and Charles Huenerbein, the two last being strangers to the Sydney publio. The programme consisted of songs, tluets, and instrumental performances, which were all well received. Mr. Du Boulay showed himself to be a master of the English conceitina, and his playing was greatly ad miied. Cooper, Bailey, and Co.'s great show, consisting »f menagerie and circus, waB opened on Monday even ing, on the Haymarket reserve, and it has beea well patronized during the week, although the attendance, from the cause mentioned at the commencement of this article, has not been so great as would otherwise have been (and will after Christmas) the , case. Everything certainly has been done by the management to make the affair worthy of public support. The show in itself is excellent the menagerie the largest ever exhibited in the colonies,' and the circus-riding and acts good in their way ; and many matters have been attended to which, though they may seem of minor importance, conduce much to the general comfort, aud raise the exhibition quite above the ordinary rough style of show with which one is so familiar in the colonies. The venture is a heavy one, and deserves public support. From Melbourne we learn. that the Majeronis have made a thorough success in their drama ' Society,' and all people say all good things of them. /At the Academy of Arts a drama called ' Saratoga, or Pistols for Seven,' has been produced, in which Mr. Frank Lawlor appears. The piece was originally produced by the Lingards. The Corbyn's original Georgia Minstrels have commenced their season at Newcastle, where they are apparently doing a good business. Adelaide is full of amusements. There are the Oaran dinifl, the Lyn --h Bellringers, the Davenport Brothers, and the Fakir of Oolu. Dr. Silvester, it appears from the Observer, has been exhibiting Pepper's Ghost, and olaims the originality of the invention. He has, wo are told, ; engaged Mr. Garnet Walch to write a sketony drama, in which the ghost is to take the leading part. ' Tahite,' in the last Australasian, says : The combina tion venture at St. George's-hall came to a speedy end— more is the pity, for it included some very capable people, and they deserved 'better support. But I suppose the public are all reserving themselves for the pantomimes, and these are in active preparation. The Theatre Royal one is written, as I think I have already announced, by Mr. Garnet Walch ; and it is, so I learn, wholly original. Mr. Lyster is going to reproduce Planche's ' King of the Pea cocks,' and Mr. Lewis will give that version of 'Blue Beard' which, under the -direction of Miss Lydia Thomp son in London, has had such a remarkable career of pros perity. ; The intention to produce ' Henry V.' at the Prinoess's has fallen through, and Mr.Tnorne, who was one of that company, has been engaged at the Academy of Music. The Pall Mall Gazette of the 26th October speaks of Arabella Goddard and pianoforte-playing generally a? follows : — When, four years ago, Madame Arabella God dard left England for a tour round the world (which might have been executed more quickly) she deprived us of our bett artist, and the 'only one, as far as we know, who ever achieved European fame. Long before the idea occurred to her of visiting America, Australia, and China, she had earned the good opinion of connoisseurs and critics in Ger many. But her career in England alone would have sufficed to stamp her as one of the most distinguished pianists of her time. That no pianist has introduced and made popular a greater number of comparatively unknown works by great masters may be conclusively shown from the evidence fur nished by Mr. Arthur ChappeU's programmes. With the series of excellent concerts known as the ' Monday Popu lar 'Madame Goddard was associated from the very begin ning, and their success is in no small meisure due to the intelligence of her reading and the oharm of her style. As to the former point it is not every one who can judge. But no one who is open to musical impressions cm be insensible to the beauty of Madame Goddard's clear, sympathetic touch in phrases of simple melody, or to the perfection of her execution in passages of display. She is the most graceful of all pianists, and, if not the most impassioned, is in more than one sense the most poetical. Apart from the pleasure of hearing Madame Goddard, her return to England was to be desired for the sake of pianoforte-playing as an art. There has been no lack of great pianists during her absence. Some, however, of these have' shown an in clination to get more out of the piano than it can conve niently be made to yield. The French proverb whioh asserts that ' the prettiest girl in the world «an only give what she possesses' is applicable even to pianos. For this reason it is undesirable to attempt to hammer out of a piano as much soundas one might fairly expect from au orchestra, but not from a single instrument. Now and then successful * violence on the part of a great virtuoso may be permitted andeven applauded as a tour deforce. Bat minor geniuses are apt to imitate such performers in regard to their weak points, which they mistake for strong ones — much as shouting and straining after high notes are mistaken by many vocalists for effective singing. The truly expressive playing of Madame Goddard may fitly be compared to the singing of a well-endowed, well-trained artist who never forces the voice. Bailey and Cooper's Menagerie and Cibcus. — That portion of the amusement- loving people of Sydney who take a particular interest in such a~ class of entertainment as that to which Messrs. Bailey and Cooper's circus belongs will regret to see the an nouncement that, owing to the great expense of this monster entertainment, the proprietors have deter mined upon playing for only nine days more in this city, having made arrangements to appear in a pro vincial town after the completion of their short season here- Although the circus has not been so liberally patronised as might have been anticipated for an amusement of eo novel a charater, still the unanimous verdict of those who have seen the circus is, that it affords pleasant and instructive amusement to the audience, and that the time occupied there is not time ill-spent. The management appears to have done all in its power that will conduce to the comfort and convenience of its patrons, and, as the stayiscennned to a limited period, it would be well for the public to see the entertainment before it leaves. Every day there is an afternoon as well as an evening per formance, in the former case commencing at half-past 2, and in the latter at 8 o'clock ; but on each occasion the doors are open for an hour before the circus begins, so as to allow the visitors ample time to see the wild beasts and other curiosities. 