Ghosts. (Queen.) Every friendship that we make, nay every acquaintance, may . become a ghost that will some day turn up unexpectedly in inconvenient places, and put us to shame, if to nothing worse. Years ago, when we were young, unwise in that kind of worldly wisdom which looks to consequences and measures the probable effects of action, impulsive, generous, and full of iconoclastic fervour on the one hand, and of ardent theories on the equality of man and the duties of the rich on the other, we made the acquaintance of a genius ; a dweller in Bohemian garrets, and a despiser of clean linen and the manufacture of soap ; a good fellow at heart ; with a head that might have made him a leader of men had he so willed, but a doubtful thing to look at, and less than profitable to know. What cared we for his threadbare coal and his uncombed hair, for his chronic need of all our spare cash-and more than we had to spare-his Chat Moss of debt, his state of monetary chaos which no efforts couldreduce to decent order ? He was a man of genius, and that was enough for us. He painted the loveliest picture of the year-when he would paint ; wrote the most sparkling leaders of the day-when he would write ; had the noblest views on social reform, the most elevated ideas of the duties of humanity, which he propounded in eloquent language-perhaps arbitrary in the matter of its h's, and with a tendency to put in a supplementary " y " before all its vowels, still eloquent, if faulty ; and, for thc sake of his genius, we overlooked his eccentricties-they were " eccen- tricities " to us in our salad days-and j boldly proclaimed him our " friend. " Years passed, and the current of events swept us away from the outskirts of Bohemia where wc had been casu We grew to be Philistines and respectable ; we loamed, had sons and daughters of whom we hoped great things, and near whom we suffered no shadow of Bohemia to fall. We dressed in broadcloth ; we bought an estate, arid took our place with the magnates of the land ; and we forgot that wc had al any time consorted with geniuses who dwelt in garrets and were chronically " short " in the matter of spare cash. We held our head high, shaved clean, tubbed vigorously, used choice English, and everywhere pro- claimed the value of ambition and the need of every man with a soul to be saved to keep out of low society, and to bc careful in the matter of his friends and acquaintance. We are walking down thehighstrcetofourIoc.il metro- polis, where we arc known as well as the town hall, and respected as much as! the bank. We have a daughter on our arm, and a young son, whose path . to Philistine supremacy we are busy in chalking out both by precept and example, is on our other side, when, we fall upon a dirty, dissipated, long-haired, unwashed, shabby individual,, wit!) a tipsy eye and a swaggering gait, who, after one confused stare, rushes at us like a bulldog, seizes our right hand in his, claps us familiarly on the back, and roars out in a voice to be heard for some hundreds of yards, " Why, Ned, my boy, can that be you ? Good Lord ! who would have ever expected to see you such a swell !-a tiptopper, by George ; " There we have it ; a ghost that no formula at our command can lay. I¡ is our Past risen up before our Present, claiming equal footing and the right! of recognition. We feel for the moment annihilated, lt is as if we had been convicted of forgery ; proved to pur children a hypocrite : our solid respect- ability an unsubstantial dream, bUT Philistinism a fable : and only Bohemia, with its dirt and disorder, its unworkable theories and astounding unconven tionalism, the fact. Our ghost has the power of a giant, and hurls us from our place of pride by his mere appearance ; while our daughter clings to our anni in half-alarmed dismay, and our son, our carefully-educated, well-principled young son, shrinks back in disgust, and both wonder in their hearts who on earth t^iïs wretched creature can be, and oh ! why does papa let him shake hands ? When our friend of former days, our ghost j in modern time, turns to these yoting people, and goes through the pantomime of affectionate delight for their benèfit their indignation waxes warm ; and scarcely can all the lessons of good breeding with which they have beien saturated from their cradles upward keep them from an open display of {he contempt with which they are filled, the disdain which they long to evince. Do they, too, feel that the whole thing is a forgery and a sham ? that the respect- ability- which has been as the breath i of their nostrils ever since they can remember, is only a delusion, if no worse ? and that this hideous revenant of j a former fact invalidates the worth and destroys the truth of present conditions ? We do not know. We only see them shrinking from this ghost of our early folly ; our boyish want ot caution in choosing our companions ; our wild and unworkable enthusiasm for abstract ideas, irrespective of soap and water, of due payment of debts, of conventional propriety of living. And we confess that they have reason, so far as appearances go, and are only as we have diligently made them. For Bohemia's shabby son is enough to make the wearers of purple and fine linen in Philistia tremble with shame when forced into companionship with so uncongenial a being. All the self-made indeed-people who have raised themselves from a lower position to a higher, and whose present conditions are superior to their natural antecedents-are subject to the shame of ghosts. The pretty barmaid who has married a gentlemen, and after twenty years of careful training has come to be a very good imitation of the real thing she is one day brought from the heaven of her later refinement down to the muddy clay of her original condition, when Jim the potboy passes her way, and recognises her. And J im the potboy " kept company " with her in the days that are gone, and has had many a fond talk and frank kiss when they sat under the trees in Greenwich Park, and discussed their future home and the chances of their being able to have a " public " for themselves. Jim has gone down as he has gone up ; but, he is always Jim, and thc talks and thc kisses under the trees at Greenwich are facts never to be undone. His ghostship is unpleasant enough lo the lady who has been evolved out of thc barmaid perhaps to the gentleman her husband, who has evolved her, even more un pleasant still ; but it is a thing which has to be met and a trouble which has to bc lived down, for ghosts cannot be laid by a patent process of exorcism known to us, and courage in meeting a difficulty is the surest way to end it. So, too, the successful merchant prince of small beginnings has to submit to the repeated inroads of his sisters and cousins, his brother's children and his father's friends from the small country village where he once played amongst the pigsties, and made himself happy wirh turnips and green apples. Those days have passed away long ago, and he has come j into the sunshine of wealth and success ; but the ghosts remain ; and every now and then they cross his path unpleasantly enough to remind by their presence, by their provincial stagnation, their un- educated coarseness, from what poor mud-heap he made the spring which landed him in the golden ground of the City and thc sacred precincts of Belgravia. It may be that they are useful as checks on a superabundant vanity, which else might carry him, feathered and plumed, out of the region of common sense and sobriety altogether. But wc do not love our checks as a rule ; and these living discourses on the anatomy of butterflies, which once crawled as grubs and slept as chrysalites, are not comforting to thc butterflies desirous of forgetting their . origin. 