TAKEN AT THE FLOOD. CHAPTER LXII WHO 8A.ID " t&C; DEATH COME NOW j 1 TIS |»OHT si tafe ACTHOR OP *' wur AtJDf-er'a BBOEB^, "aurora ri&TO;," TO DIG I" Mr. Carer took his daughter back the carriage sorely disturbed in mind, and in pro foundeat darkness of spirit as to the cause of this disturbance. The incumbent accompanied them to the carriage, blandly sympathizing with Lady Perriaiu under these unpleasant circumstances. A <miall aprinkliug of nursemaids with perambulators and a fringe of street boys had gathered on the pavement before the church door, having scented out a wedding, despite the privacy which had attended Lady Perriam's arrangements. The young women stared their hardest at* the brido as she came into the open daylight with her veil gathered across her face. Sylvia's death-like pallor showed conspicuously through that transparent tissue, and there were murmurs of wondering compassion at the whiteness of her face. The small boys in the crowd commented freely upon the bride's pallid countenance, and opined that she had been married to that " skinny old bloke," meaning Mr. Carew, against her wish. Not a word did Sylvia utter during the brief drive to Willoughby-crescent. She alighted without the help of her father's arm, passed with a quick firm step into the hall, and ran upstairs. Mr. Carew followed her, and arrived breathless at the doorof her boudoir just as she had reached it. She turned and confronted him with angry eyes. " Why do you follow me!" she exclaimed. " I want nothing except to be left alone.' r " But, Sylvia, for mercy's sake, tell me the meaning of all this unhappiness. What brought that man Bain to the vestry?" " You will know soon enough. Cannot you leave me in "peace for a few hours? Your wish hqg been gratified—my marriage is post' poned." " I should be glad of that if there were no trouble for you involved in the postponement. Why cannot you trust me—your own father?' " Because you never acted a father's part towards me," answered Lady Perrifttn. Iwoiild aoonet appeal to strangete for • inercy or for aid than to you. Leave me to myself. Mr, Carew groaned faintly, and drew back jfrom the door, which was shut in his face a moment afterwards. Shut and locked, tie |ieanl the turning of the key. But even alter having excluded her frther, Lady Perriam was not destined to bfe alone. As she locked the door opening on the landing Celine femetged from the door of communication with the dressing-room, where she hail been engaged in her daily hbors pf tidying wardrobes and drawers. " But great heaven, madajne, hpw you are pale j" exclaimed the girl, struck by the change in the fate which had been so fair an hour ago. " Don't trouble yourself about my looks, but takeoff these things as quickly as you can." The girl, who knew nothing of the interrupted wedding, obeyed, wondering not a little, but afraid to question. She took off the pearl-gray satin dress with its priceless Spanish point, two hundred years old—the white saUn isUppejfe—thii mu^in under-skirts ivith their ruchings of Brussels lace—all the postjy adornment upon which her mistress had bestowed such interests fewdays ago. Sylvia flung them -from.her now, with a shudder <of> ivfltaion, as if they had been'more 'loathsome jihan Cinderella's rags. ••<" i . > •• Celine was iibqttt to unfasten thfe 1 slender old chain which held Edmund's last gift—the [Jamond cross. • , i '^ Leave that where it is," said Sylvia, slop- ping the girl's hand; " I shall wear that till I die." j uu^amejs min^ ganders flitHiE^^a^sed'jPpImjC'.'J" ..r/ 1 "'"" | " 3S"oW give 1 me the pMnest dress T have," $aid Sylvia, when all tlifi "liridal finery had been taken away.,.; • f ,; • m s ^ m ^ typf^h-m' mvg-coior A hltie-^-the' bonnet the';' , fc^est ge^J ^{^t^Bisielle l^dr^H^tte^aid it was an inspira-J ^ion. WhyjInftttUetoaveUmgdiesBi",. : -^h B' j f^tefood.fjno^ghtp^o as f bid ypur.i /(Jive ixe my black cashmere/': / i. i.', | ^.The mourning dressli rBtit, ftadame/to go into Wafck again ftffcer the "wedding J It ^ould bnhg you misfbrtiine.''' 1 ' ; tofagii,?. j ( Shfi/ hrought spinhrc' moiirnuig dress, which, made Sylvia's face seem a shade more ghastly than it had-done before. d ^That wilMo/'-said'Sylvia/!** and nowyou t can go, TeU the hdoseliold my marriage has m tyoeiiiput,, ofE-r-pcfhaps pnly; ^U/.tpTmprpp^t^ gossibly still longer, 3foU' Will/ 5eo' thiuti my l father has.^^WfBliiOa asks for. I want a few hourVn^st, and shall lie down. Don't|d^twd).ineitiU Mr St^dewisaUs this afternoon " , " Mi-. St#nd?n is,going to joall. , Ihoy, i»ave notqua^^then/'^wgh^Wlw. l( ^HM can have happo»ed to make,her look,tio She ran downstairs to discuss this, s|a^go event with Mrs. a'ringfold—^s they ljad discussed the course of tlioir luistres^ ship., The, other seiiflaits in the house wore pagers, with whom Coline had no sympathy. discoursed in the' nursery AVith, closed doors, and a cold chioken and a bottle of iohampagnc from the marriage feast -wherewithal to r<^ale themeelves. ' , ,?''.'. • " I don't believe tlierp ll jbp breakfast at all," said'^cUno ; "she wouldnft look as sho dora if tho inarriB^e Was only piit off for a day. There's sometUing deepet thftn that." •. • • " I never thought no good would comp of it from the moment we went among than foreigners," said Mrs. Tringfold with conation; "there must be something altogether wrong about people when their own native land isn't large enough for 'em." Sylvia sat alone in her misery—sat in the centre of the room, motionless, like a lifeless figure that had been put there. The broad midday sun streamed in at Hie window opposite her. The ruthless sun, which shines alike upon the just and the unjust—the happy aud the despairing. Once she lifted her eyee to that glad summer sky, and thought . how the sunlight and summer of her life bad passed tsway for ever. " I have tried to be fortunate ae well as happy-i—tried to have ell good things/' ahe reflected, " and in trying for too much hav^ lost all. I should have been a happy woman if I had been contented with a reasonable share of fortune—satisfied in having won Edmund's love, ready to fight the battle of life tvith him," She remembered her father's words on the night of Sir Aubrey's first visit to tjhe school* house— , " There is a tide in the affairs of men, ' •'•"' Which taken at the Bood leads on tfijfprturife." ' ( "I took that tide at the flood," she thought, "and it has drifted me to ruin." .. . •• n She sat for an hour without diangft oT lattitude—and in that hour the vision of days that were gone" passed beforte Her like an unfolded soroli, a bitter retrospect, the pictura of la life In -which self had (ijjtd which had ended in deepest selfiabasement, „,, , She awakened from tliat long >reverie jat la^t, looked at her watoh found it was later than she : had thought, hurriedly put on her bpiuiet and' mantle-^-the crape '.honhet' ,v«l iand narrow fold of white, the inark : of widow* hood—the loose cashmete mantle, Dwssted Ithtts, wilh her yejl d.^w^? -Ifid'.Hlj^s'tffttf'Ji to attract notice. ,'' . ... , ' • ? She .took all the money she possessed, and her diamond necklace out of her iewel box, said put them into a-eaali morooco bag.' This; bag was all she took with htit-. 1 ' , ' ' She ;ppenid the, twini^',. upon the landing, and listened, jdl was p^ jfectly still in the house, -fiitt' went' dotrafetairfe; past the nUt$ery;Hi^erV l^e;'- he^^ jt^P voices of Celine and Tringfold in eaTOe^t coiir, verse; went by, with haidly a sigh ofitregret; for lier child, crossed the • hall, obeh'ed the v fetreet dttor softly, and'slipj^ipUt v ' , Once in the street ,?he flew ^ ^ ^^ljg^, footsteps, turned tiie. corner,of thea-es^BUt into> & wide and biusy road; haUed the (lr«t eab sh^' : saw, and:stei>ped iiitpit. : ;;"'>•/'.'''. tl'Z " iDHve tb |heXond?p ; Br%e stfl^pji^,^! feaid> ''Brighipnline.-,. , ; us -.i v.'hnn '1-iit . ! -i!i She knew tllero were several ways bf gefctihg 1 - io France, and that one Wa^ Wafehy NBfhayM? and • .I)iep^;,Xf . • . r ^ i xM " ! ifM a m Mf . vM m t ^ jurguejs would mosfci likely-take it . gmnted: iihe had gone by-thc'Dove* 'Bnd-Galaia rotttel J By choosing the slower "journey she would have a chaiVct^bf ^M^ing' them^-su'ppoBmg ;hat any ono took ! the tWuble to follow her— ' "iPj^lng that 'mf^U^f^'^^^f^ to Friince.r ;„..;,; ,':V,,i;„ •.«('Iin.itZ.ii U.lu,.. ; At,the station'LadyiiEprrianl'-found' thati' there was a train which wotiM !( steitt' ! foi? ^e^'i in half a'n lipur^.^d'fih^^cp^j^e^ srtm,e ( litfcie ; .de)ay t q ^ v ) ^ ^ ^ ^ . .^KjVt" haven fihe WDuldhavn.-to wait itUMate (Initio i Evening fliefoh;the'%'oat 'fttarted'^r''pie^pft'"" • s lfone bscltoiied,.lifcr on; Shenonly .t psiape the shame of the jire^ent; - ! 4<jt;; |o' _ M&i;^tpj^e^^/iier^^L.'.? She fwantdi stogd stoaome; »<)rnei!ipf i thb^airtte aiid die, ''hameless 'an'A M-ijicji hKd e^eijce ; was just strp'ng espair, to prompt hBt-toiproVidii UecsPlfi\tifch.(!i W jfewelS' fe'nd Y 1 mbney whibh r m m m ^ M k ^ ±! iadioto-waiti aweary hoi»}iaM<wi)^:flNfi>MtT wMies&sitmmkeB; nother twin toofe her on forTewhaven—a dismal pause, itt; which that salotnttacroU whereon her past life was recorded again m- foldoditeolf, and again she thought how sweet her: days wight bavo been, had she asked for lees—had shebeancontent to take her lot in blind submission from the urn of Fate instead of trying to improve upon Destiny. All that day she had eaten nothing, and for many past days had lived in a perpetual foyer of hope and fear, always vaguely dimding that " tomethiftg". which might happen to frustrate her Boherae of ,the future; never able to wpowin theftaim aaaurancc that Providence would rule her life for the best. By the time «he took her place in the Newhavcu train faintnc9sincreat»d almost to exhaustion. A mist dimmed her eyes, her iimbB felt heavy and painful. The landscape surged before her like a troubled sea. She had just strength to get out of the rail way carriage to follow a porter to the hotel, but she had scarcely entered the sitting-room to which a chamber-maid'condueted her when she fell fainting to the ground. The landlady was summoned, and, hearing that the unconscious traveller had no luggage and no attendant, was only mildly sympathetic, " You had better get her to bod, Jane, and send for the doctor," said the hostess, after various restoratives had been tried without effect. She seems very bad." CHAPTER LXIir. A VOYAGE OP DISCOVERY. Mr. Bain and his companion drove to the Great Northern Bail tray in silence, took their tickets for Hatfield and started in the midday train with as brief exchange of words as was possible between them. In the railway carriage each gentleman had his newspaper, and each pretended to read it. One, the aooaser, was cool enough, and was even able to take some interest in the markets and com exchange and other subjects that affected his own prosperity. He knew what lay before him. He was working out a scheme that had been deliberately concocted. He had sworn to have one of two things—Lady Perriam for his wife, or revenge; That Lady Perriam would over be his wife seemed now beyond, all hope; but he was going to have his revenge, and be was not ill-satisfied with himself. Nor would self- interest be sacrificed in the indulgence of this fierce desire of unregenerate mankind. If he could prove Sylvia Perriam. the criminal he believed her to be he must needs remain the solo guardian of her child. There was no one to dispute that office with him, and the Court of Chancery would have no ground for ousting him; 'Daring Sir St John's years of tutelage he,Shadrach Bain, would be, to all intents and pnrpoBes, master of the Perriam estate. To him, therefore, this journey was not a journey of despair. Yet some emotion the man must needs feel, if he -was not a mere mechanical figure made of some hard metal He did feel a certain movement of the heart, a dim sense of the awfuiness of his errand. Alltbat had happened to-day, Lady Perriam's horror- stricken countenance, her undisguised despair, her piteous entreaty to Edmund not to'go with him to the madhouse, all had tended to; confirm Mr, Bain in his belief that Sir Aubrey's dteth> had been; Sylvia's work, and that the prisoner to be un-earthed to-day knew of the crime, and would proclaim it, were his lips unsealed. - "I know what Joseph' Ledlamb is, pretty welli" mused Mr. Bain, "aud i know that he'd lend himself to the concealment of the viiestxrime that was ever done upon earth if he was paid well enough for bis silence. It shall be my task to let the light in upon his snug little hpme. Lady Perriam .reckoned upon too much when she fancied she could 1 niakli'Mse of a tool of my providing." : iEdmund sat in silence, behind his paper, thinking deeply, but .not so, much of 'what lay before him as of that strange scene in the vestry. Vainly did he strive to account for. Sylvia's agitation upon any ground consistent with innocence. The despairing accents of her farewell still rang in his ear. Had > she been guiltless would she have feared his desfertion*f > could'she, who. knew the depth of his love,'suppose<that their parting would be final? Yet, i.if'guilty* what was the Snatare ;of her guiltH- I••>- .i! •,! ••!... , ,.•• ..-••„ .. That it was the hideous crime suggested by Shadrach Bain ihe did not for an instant itnaginfe. s < . Even had he been capable of believ* ing lin th& .in&my; of the wdman he loved, Sylvia's: denial itfould have'assured him of her iandcenoe, at least upon! this one point. ; Truth had spoken inlier tones—truth had glorified' her countenance in that one supreme moment when, with uplifted eyes and hands raised -to heaven, she h'ad inserted her innocence. .That sho had committed an ^aot of cruelty and injttstioe in sending Mordred Perriam to the dreary imprisonment of a private lunatic asylum, was just possible, and that she Was smitten with shame at the revealmeat of this • Hi i , f Ji"l->m t. 'id f. fan ,i' if i 1 i'- |i, \- i i~ i i i i M r i r " n i g i * | J i — ~ r ~ ) f r j t r T r i a i n n i i i i r < j ~ T T > i i ~ ~ii i t ' wrong. Aim ! jMamna Stanaen laiew but too well that this tonohanteess, for whose sake he had made so many sacrifices, was not altogether stainless; that die was not free from the taint cf selfishness. She might have been glad to get rid of a troublesome dependant— to dear her house of a tiresome old man. She might so far be culpable. What should ho do if he found that it was so—that she had allowed eccentricity to bo treated as lunacy—that she had betrayed the trust left her by her husbaud, and had needlessly banished Mordred from the house of his forefathers I What should ho do! Blame, reprove, and then forgive hor; take her to his heart again, with ail her errors on her head, and make it the business and duty of his life to reform and elevate her character. This was the lover's resolve. He would set right the wrong she had done, and then fotgive her. Even her sin should not part them. At Hatfield Sir. Bain hired a fly, and after a good deal of talk with the driver, contrived to make him understand the direction in which he required to be conveyed. At first the flyman asserted that he never heard tell of no place within twenty miles called the Arbor. But after profound rumination, and after scratching his stubby hairs a little, opined that he did remember having had such a place pointed out to him on Honker's Heath, and " might it be a 'ouse where they took folks tliat was a trifle cranky I" "That is the place," replied Mr. Bain; " drive us there as fast as you can." " It's a seven-mile drive," remarked the man dubiously; "fourteen mile there and back, and my fare will be fourteen shillings." " I shall not dispute your fare." " And I shall want somethink for myself." "If you drive quickly there and back I'll give you a crown," said Edmund, eager to end the discussion. " Very well, sir; you can't say fairer than that; jump in; only it's jest as well to avide disputes arterwiuds, yer see, and it's a wicked road betwixt here and Honker's Heath." The man drove off at a smartish pace, and the occupants of his vehicle were soon made acquainted with the wickedness of the road. Noble prospects and rustic beauty may abound in the environs of Hatfield, but the road to the Arbor hugged the ugliness of the land. It lay in . narrow lanes, and by the maigent of. waste {latches of level swamp, where the sour land grew nothing but rush or thistle, dock or dandelion; by black and dismal waterpools; by scrubby groves of hare and stunted trees; by meandering ditches, across which pollard willows leaned side-lpng, extending scraggy arms, like the octopus—such a landscape as that in which Macbeth and Banquo met the weird sisters. Yet, no ; Scotland would not furnish such small and insignificant ugliness. Her dreariest landscape owns the grandeur of size—over her most dismal plains the shadow of some distant. mountain looms in rugged nobility, and the wind from wild deer- walks rushes across the barren level like the breath of the Great Goddess Jfature. The scenery grew more hopelessly barren as the travellers approached the end of their journey. Henker's Heath was a desolate fiat, whose dull surface of soddened turf was varied here aud there by a ragged furze bush or a patch of stagnant water, here and there enlivened by a despondent-looking donkey dragging some clog or fetter at its hind-leg—a convict donkey, condemned to penal servitude for life, if one might judge by his look aud manner. On one side of the heath was a narrow road, itud almg this the flyman drove, bill ho came to a gate in a dilapidated fence, behind which: appeared the windows of a square plasterfronted hou«e, which may have originally belonged to some' tenant-farmer in a small way house to which neither wealth nor taste had added a single charm—-the barest shell of a 1 habitation, less habitable-looking than a gipsy's tent. i " This is the place I've heerd folks call the Arbor," said the flyman, pointing to the dwelling ,with a disparaging turn of his whip. In confirmation of this .statement .appeared an inscription in < white paint on the slatecolored door: THE AitBon.-rDR. LEDWLMB. " Wait for us," said Mr. Bain to the driver,, as he aud his companion alighted. "Now* .Mr., iStaaden," he eaidj turning to Edmund, while they waited for the opening of the gate, "it is for you or for me to get this old man's secret put of him. That he has a secret, and pne that will, criminate Lady Perriam, iga fapt upon which 1 am ready to stake .every farthing thave in theiworld.", : " I am here to see the bottom of your scheme, sir," answered Edmund sternly; " I believe nothing, you assert. I admit nothing. I am here, as Lady Perriam's future husband, to see her sighted." "You;,had better see Mordred , Perriam righted first," returned Mr. Bain with a sneer., The.door was.opened, after some delay, by a slovenly maid-Servant; who seemed loth, to i'iii i' ni* i iT ,Y iff "Ml sidmHtho visitors, had told hor that he «nd his companion were Mends of Lady Pemam's that she abandoned her jealous guardianship of the threshold and let them pass into the garden. Such a garden—a waste of weeds, and mould, and rough moss-grown gravel—a patch of grass that might once have been a smiling lawn, and a damp aud ancient willow weeping over a shrunken pond, on whose muddy bosom two dirty ducks disported themselves; & wilderness of potherbs on one side, where the cheap and fertile scarlet-runner ruled dominant, and the vegetable marrow sprawled its tough tendril" and flung its bloated yellow gourds, upon the weedy waste, " 1 don't know as master will allow you to see Mr. Peeram," said the girl, " but I'll ast, if you'll be so good as to step into the drawinrooni." The visitors complied with this request, and were forthwith ushered into an apartment which made some pretension to gentility. The walls wore blotched with damp, and stained with mildew. The atmosphere was rsarthv, but the circular table boasted a gnily colored cover, and was further adorned with a green glass inkstand, a papier-mache blotting-book, and a photograph album. An ancient cottage piano stood against one wall, a feeble old sofa faced it, a cheap print or two hinted at Dr. Ledlamb's taste for art. The room was in rigid older, and was evidently held sacred to the reception of visitors. Here the steward and Edmund Standen waited for about a quarter of an hour, which seemed longer to both. There were footsteps in the room above, and a running up and down stairs, which might indicate confusion, and preparation of some kind, but Mr, Ledlamb did not appear. " Are these people going to keep us here all day I" exclaimed Edmund impatiently. He went over to the fireplace and rang the bell, not an easy thing to do, for the wire was loose, and his first efforts only produced a distant jangling sound, " What a house 1" he exclaimed. " What desolation and decay in everything !" This aspect of misery grieved his souL It would be harder now to forgive Sylvia's sin.' That she had placed her brother-in-law under medical restraint,deprived him of actual liberty, he, Edmund Standen, might have schooled himself to pardon. But he had expected to ! find her victim surrounded by all temporal, comforts, in the care of a medical man of post-! tion and reputation, whose name alone would) be a guarantee for the patient's good treatment.! To find him here—in this abode of misery —in a house on which abject poverty had set; its: mark ] This was indeed a blow, and the; young man—he who a few hours ago had been a proud and happy lover—turned his back' upon Shadrach Bain, aud shed bitter tears] at the thought of that callous selfishness which' had abandoned a harmless old man to such an existence as life in Dr. Ledlamb's rural retreat. ; No answer came to the hell. There was a! window down to the ground, opening directly, on the weedy patch that had once been a lawn.' " I'll wait no longer," exclaimed Mr. Standen impatiently. " I'll explore this wretched hole for myself. You can come with me, or not, as you please, Mr. Bain." The maid-servant appeared at the door just as Edmund opened the window. " Oh, if you please, sir," she said, with a gasp, " I'm very sorry, but I made a mistake in allowing you to come in. Missus says Mr. Ledlamb is up in London attending to his business there, and it's against his rule for patients' friends to be admitted without an appintment, except it's the friend which placed the patient in his care. And if you'il please to write and ask for an appintment, Mr,,Ledlamb will let you know when you can see Mr. Peeram, providing you has Lady P«jpram's life ; Mr. Ledlatn ' olding hisself responsible ito Lady Peeram, and no one else." , The girl stumble 1 slowly through this message, which had evidently been laboriously imprinted upon her mind, for she tried back when she had finished, and went over a good bit of it again, like a musical box. " I'll ask for an appointment by-and-by," answered Edmund. " But while I'm here I'll take <a look round your place." Oh, if yon pleaso, sir, you musn't go out into the garding,"said the girl, with afrightened look j " it's against the rules." " Come, Mr. Bain," said Edmund, heedless of this remonstrance. He wepfc out of the window, followed by the steward. ; " Oh,, if you please, you musn't," gasped the girl, in much alarm, and then finding her Appeal unheeded she rushed out of the room, and tore upstairs crying, "Missus, missus, they've gone out ;in the , garding, and Mr. Poeram's there with Sammy in the ; pneamberlater." • , ! CHAPTER LXIV. MR. LEDLAMB'S PATIENT. Mr. Standen's first act on getting out into the open was to take * survey of the house, thinking that Mr. Ledlamb's prisoner might in ail probability be looking out of one of the windows. But the windows were all blank. Two of the upper casements wore guarded by bare, doubtless with the view of preventing tho escape of any desperate patient who might be inclined to emulate JackShephard's evasion from Newgate. "Come round the gardeu," said Mr. Bain; " from that girl's anxiety Til be bound he's somewhere out here." m- They crossed'the grass to the stagnant frond where ducks and duckweed flourished, and where the ancient willow wept the desolation of the scene. That willow was the one bit of shelter in all that arid waste of garden, and between the drooping branches Mr. Bain's keen eye, had discerned some object that looked like a human figure. He made for this spot, therefore, followed closely by Edmund. The willow was on the opposite side of the water. They went quickly round the edge of the pool, Mr. Bain always in advance. Yes, there was some one under the tree—a child's shrill voice sounded as they approached, an old man's piping tones answering. Mr. Bain parted the willow branches and looked into the natural arbor. An old man was seated in a dilapidated wheel-chair, an infaut by his side in an equally dilapidated perambulator, and both these helpless objects were under the care of a tall lanky-looking girl of about eleven years old. Shadrach Bain, not wont to display violent emotion, drew back with a loud cry, and the ruddy tints of his sunburnt face faded to a sickly white. •Sir Aubrey Perriam!" he exclaimed "What do you mean?" cried Edmund, seiziug the agent by the shoulder. Mr. Bain did not answer him, but crept under the willow and bent over the old man, taking his hand, and looking into his face. " Sir Aubrey, don't you know me ? I'm your old*steward, Shadrach Bain, come to fetch you out of this wretched hole—come to take you back to life." " Yes, to life," answered the old man in senile tones. "They made believe I was dead; they told me to my face that I was not Aubrey, but Mordred. They put me in Mord red's rooms, and kept me shut up there, and told me it would be worse for me if I called myself Sir Aubrey Perriam. Who was it that did this ?' with a pained look and a wilder tone. " Not my wife, oh, no! not my wife, not my pretty Sylvia, She was beautiful and good. • She could never have been so cruel to me." " Never mind who did it, Sir Aubrey, It is all over now. No one will dare to deny your name when E am by your side. Good God! what a scheme for a woman to invent —for a woman to execute I I see it all now, It was Mordred who difed, and that woman made the world believe it was her husband, I wish you joy of your plighted wife, Mr. Standen," added the agent, turning to Edmund who leaned against the tree white as death. The old man clung to Shadrach Bain, like a child who has been restored to the nurse he loves. " Yes, I. know, I know," he -muttered; f < you are Bain, a good servant, n faithful servant. Take rae away from this place, this dill, cold, cheerless place. They don't beat me, they're not very unkind to me, but they're poor and everything is comfortless. Carter was always good, 'but she is ill now> and Fm left with Sammy and Clara, and Clara calls me Mr. Perriam, and laughs at me when I tell her myright name is Sir Aubrey." Clara was the tell girl, who stood behind the wheel-chair, knitting a baby's eoclc. "That's his fancy," fchesaid sharply; " when he first went out of his mind lie took it into his head that'he was hid elder brother the one hat died. It was his brother'* death that turned hie brain, fether says." "His brain is no more turned upon some Mints than yours, my girl/-attired Mr; Bain.' "His intellect, was weakened by a stroke of paralysis, Hilt lie's clear Enough at times, He has been uBfed very badly, audi mean to take' him away from herowithout loss of time." ::••.'.• " You can't do thaty'* said the girl promptly. Father won't lot you:" " • i' : > ; " I shall not ask your father's leave," replied Shadrach Bain. " You'll stand by me, "won't you, Mr. Standen?" •'••• , ' d l - Yes, I will do what', I can to see this poor old matt righted," answered Edmund eloomily '' What ii the matter'WitlvMrd. Ca*tfer, the nutee?" asked Mr: Baifi. v. , , ; - " Inflammation of the lungs. She was took bad a forfoHght ago, arid father got her round a bit at first, but he says the cough'has' settled on her chest,: and ishc'll .never get over it. She's awful bftd. , ^re were, afraid last night she'd hardly have HvedM.this morning." ' ' "'Tf -wnil ybu TOOMt.' vteht' to Mv khbw tie pakiciilarS 1 \ of this business, you'd better stop and question Mrs. Carter," said Mr. Bain to Edmund. " She has been in it from first to last. She was Lady PerrUm's prime confidant and adviser." . « PU n&e; her," answered Edtaund, " unless vou want in jr help in getting Sir Aubrey away." He had been gazing at the old man's face with earnest scrutiny, to assure himself that this was indeed the elder and not the younger brother—that he was not being made the dupe of some juggling of Mr. Bain's. That scrutiny left no doubt in his miud. This was verily Sir Aubrey Perriam, Sylvia's husband. Strong as had been the resemblance between the brothers, there was just sufficient individuality in the face to make Edmund Standen very sure upon this point, though he had seen Mordred but once in his life. • "I only want you to go as far as the carriage with us," said Mr. Bain, " and then you can return aud see Mrs. Carter. But don't commit yourself by any promise to condone her shard in this conspiracy." "If she is dying, it can matter little whether her crime is condoned." " If—but it is just possible she may be no nearer death than I am. We can get Sir Aubrey to the gate in this chair. He used to be able to walk a little, but perhaps he's weaker now. It will be easy to lift him into the carriage betwr-en us. I shall take him to an hotel at Hatfield aud keep him there till he can be moved comfortably back to Perriam." " But you musn't take him away," shrieked Miss Ledlamb. " I'll run and tell mother." She sped off on this somewhat futile errand, leaving the baby squalling in the perambulator,' appalled by the sudden solitude. i When she came back, followed by Mis! Ledlamb, a timid-looking matron, who had been all this time tryiug to make herself prer rentable to the eye of strangers, with the assistance of a good many too obvious pinB and a clean collar, Sir Aubrey and Mr. Bain had just driven off in the fly, and Edmund Standen was quickly approaching the house. " He's gone, mar," screamed Clara; " they've took him clean away." Mrs. Ledlamb began to cry. " Your father will 6ay it's my fault," she moaned piteously; "but what could I doi I wasn't fit to be seen when they came, and was just getting myself a little bit tidy when you ran in to Bay they were going. And there's all our income gone at one swoop, for ; he was your pa's only patient after we lost) young Hicks, the grocer's son, and goodness knows when he'll get another. I'm sure t tremble when I think what he'll say to me." " It wasn't your fault mar. You couldn't have stopped them if you had been dressed ever so. They'd have taken him away by main force. There's one of the gentlemen coming this way.—You'd better ask him what they meant by it." Mr: Standen, being timorously interrogated upon this point, would give no definite answer. " There has been a great wrong done," he said gravely. " I cannot tell what knowledge your husband may have had of that wrong, but I know that'the first step towards setting it right was to get that poor old man out of thiB house." " I'm sure lie's been treated kindly," whimpered Mrs. Ledlamb, " and if he says he isn't, he's a deceiving old thing. He's had every indulgence. Sago puddings that I've made for him with my own hands, and mutton broth, and all kinds of delicacies. I'm 'sure he's been treated like the family, and we've all of ub borne with his worrying nonsense, when Ke said he was not himself but his brother. Clara has had the patience of an angel with him." Mr. Standen asked to see the nurse, libs. Carter, and after some difficulty, by means of a good deal of persuasion and the gift of a fivepound note to Mrs. Ledlamb, as consolation under the sudden loss of income, lie obtained permission to go up to the attic where the sick woman was lying. - She's very bad," said Mrs. Ledlainb. " I sat up with her half last night, thinking she was going, but it's a harassing, deceiving complaint, and I daresay she'll go on'lingering ever so iong,' : a burden to herself and others." Mrs. Carter, otherwise Mrs. Carfoid, lay on her narrow bed feeing the caeement, through Whieh' the westering sun streamed with «oft, yellow light. She was the veiy shadow—the p&ta; ghost-^of that Mis. Carter who had been seetii at'Perriam 1 a month ago. The bright brown eyes looked larger than of old, larger ;han thby had «eemed even iH her 1 days of semi-starvation, when she came a 1 suppliant: tri Hedihgham schoolhouse.'- • - i ii-.ui-,. . n Yet, even now, with tliaVdeadlybtightness, they wore-like Sylvia's eyes. Edintind pay ceiveki'the^esemblance atonce. I He satquietlydown by the ; bfedside.and 1 took her hand. 'Silo looked afc liim'at first With a-dull indifference 5 , thinking ho was some strange doctor who hadi lifl«n been : 'bhiue'lit brought to <»'see "see her. . 'Then a gleain of recognition flashed i&to;' her eyes. She membbrbd a foce she had seon iu a photograph Sylvia • -had • ehowb her—the r: face bf her daughter's first lover. h Ig*~Sylvia-48 Lady Perriam/herb :aake<L. i. !.•.!=!..•.< .-i » •»*•.! .-i i-'d ito'ii'idv . " No, hut if there is anything on jfliifr MM -^-anything ybu wish' to* tell bofore ybu ate called away-^-you need not faai to tell n^e. Whatever ^rong you havd idono iB f (noir.ijiafet atonement upon carthr Try: to secure Gbd's pity by a Hate repontakce. 'Do toot isaf-ty the seotet of your sin to tho grave.">1. ! • ] 7ii*.i.'i " The wrong I did was riot done jfdr fay own sake, but for another. If I tell thu truth, it is she who will suffer."' 1 - 1..! n * .'- .. " If you are speaking of I^uly Perriam^be assured that nothing you ban tell ine cahiaffect her injuriously. In the first place her • secret is already known, and in'the second pltee 'I should be the last to use any'knowledge to her disadvantage." "What, is it known already I" iorifed Mis. Carter agitated. " I knew that it 1 must come to light sooner or later, that such a sinful thing could not long be hidden; but so '«ocd! That it should all be discovered iso soon! How did it happen % Who came here!" " Do not trouble yourself about details. You are too weak to bear much emotion. Sir Aubrey has been found, and he 1r in safe hands! Let that content you." And she—Lady Perriam f " Are you so deeply interested in her welfare?" " More deeply than you imagine," answered Mrs. Carter with a sigh. : " You are related to her perhaps. I saw a likeness in your face to hers the moment I entered this room." i' "We are related by the nearest tie (hat kindred owns. Lady Perriam is mydaughtor:" " What! You are the mother of 1 whom she spoke to me with such affection, fotwhose-sake she married Sir Aubrey Perriam ?" : "Did she tdl you that f " Yes, she told me that you were in abject poverty—almost starving—and that her only chance of helping you was by a marriage with a rich man." .• " It was true—I was in abjeot poverty— and after ber marriage she relieved me with an occasional remittance. : But I have eveiy reason to believe that at that time she was ignorant of our relationship. I accepted ' her alms as an act of pure benevolence from onie who knew not that I was ^ more to her thaa a •But she did helpiyoui" '.va • \ •>.•••;. ni " She did. And when she had the* 'opportunity of giving me lasting employment ahd a home as Sir Aubrey's nurse^ she sent Jfor Jnle. f ' " She employed you as »a eervaht in her house?" .! . . ' •••'.. • • ..J "Yes, the position was one of:servitude, hut she did not miake it degradingi l lived apart from the other servants, arid Iiivasiieac her. That to me HVas exquisite happi^ss% until' " ••• • i •; • 'i .-i'-m' .i..i,{ ,.T "Until what?" " Until she tempted me ta aid her una sinful act, a wicked act, which poisoned my life and ^here. : You, of iall men,! sho s u3d bfe mercifiil in your judgement of her,.for it'fcrae her fatal dove for ybu thiat urged her to«obiMt thatsin." • . •.>,> • • <• .•; -:- u • " May God deal as mercifully; with her •as my thoughts I" said ; Edmundj doeply movedi *" You will think less hardly of her, (perhapsj if you know all J but it isla wicked! story,<and I hate myself for the weakness that made' trie help in tliat evil work, i ! Since; 1 have: beeh in this house, with the fear of death before any eyes, I have written an account ofuall ' that happened 4it Perriam Plaoe. .; Dare Itrasf jFbu/ as a Roman i Catholic would trust ; liis fathei! confessor ? Will you promise to tnakenO use of that information against Sylvia Th !.<• - j -h cut "Against her I You^do; not know How blindly, how utterly i I ihaveniovedi hidr. -Ifher love *for moi has been fatal, linine has bee^i' fatal too ; and it' has'been ithoroiigh^ iwhich' hers never was.: Whatever: poweril ihaVe to sliield her from the consequences of hsr guilt* shall be used to the utmost. • But* alas ' vB fear that power is of the sniallest: 1 ' i-7 .•/•< i>'r. *' Where is shenow4V. J n< i- 3 : ;.-I. "In London, with heriiather. -a /»i ihlv/ "Lose no mora time here,fthen, liut go hadsi to her. Till her that all is' -fliscover^di'/r; s i • .d = " Sheimust know that, for she-khbw whorei we were i coming whon we left her this; morn-1 • ing. But lhvill go back and soo if»I dan, be' of any use, though it Will be hard toi llibk" upori herftce again/' • i-uh 'i iwiT Do not trust her father's! kindness inithh^ houriof misfoltune. : Taki toy keysj andbpaai that'deski omihe chDst 'of idtaweBa. y ' niThoi feeble hand gropBd undeV lthe pillow 4ndjdraw^ out a ismallilbi^nch of keys. The/amallflsfci kfey bel6ng8. to • the desk." j Ediniind .^yddid ^You see airolljof-papers^ ::i >«!( ; • i" Y'BSJI: ^fjfli :' ! '•!': J^iih;,, jhiv; ,nncW " Take thoao with tfou and goj'ii m /^Claunot 1 ^ do .'anything.'foiJ jybuS'. affile you properniediodlattoudanoe-^g6odhur$iu^?!1jj those people do all thoy/c^n. i 'iButli my doom ie sialodj .Goito hen, ypuymajuaibp u herffto'indespfiiiri'Jvj u ; ^ru' uV; diiv/ nyjiime (To be continued,) 