A DANCE ON SKATES. Skating on-wheels haa now reached a slag© of perfection at which skating merges into dancing, and a skating party becomes a hall. Such an* entertainment was (says a* recent London daily paper) lately giveh afc Brighton by some of the officers of the Scots Greys, stationed at tho Preston "Barracks. * Morning dress was, of course, worn, no roller skate and no style of skating yet having been invented which would make it possible to cut the outside edge, cross or go backwards in the' graceful but inconvenient trailing* skirt with which ordinary dancing is more or less success fully managed. But nevertheless tho scene was a pretty and animated one, with tho many coloured dresses, seasonably trimmed with fur, the saucy Rubens bat, and herb and there that ghost of a long dead past, the coalscuttle bonnet. About 250 invitations had been issued, and there were present a company not far short of that number. Thero was perhaps sometliing a trifle monotonous about the pretty little curies de dame supplied to each of tho guests. Eighteen dances were set"down, and: each was a waltz. The fact is that skating on wheels lends itself naturally to the time and swing of tho waltz, and an ay be successfully adapted to other sorts of dancing only after a severe course of training, such as could be; undertaken by few except professional acrobats. A quadrillo may be managed in a space that will allow of considerable margin, and with a band skilful at filling up interludes, during which partners who have overshot the mark arc struggling back to tho square; but the general result is not satisfactory, and the game is. not usually considered worth tho candle. The motion of the skater and tho time observed are so nearly akin to waltzing, that when tho band plays the "Brisc desEuiis," or "Queen Mab," one naturally lapses into the waltz. One consequence of this is that when, accord ing to the programme, and with very few ex ceptions, according to the. fact, everybody was waltzing, tho scene presented differed in an almost inappreciable degree from tho sight witnessed on ordinary club nights.- I.fcro and there two ladies, or a lady and gentleman, broke into a waltz proper, moving round in due form and sliding through the steps of " trois temps;" but lor the most part the company contented themselves with skating round tho rink in waltzing time, aud swaying right and left on the outside edge to the waltz measure. Uicirr Auout.—"Would-be Contributor: "I wish you would tell me something to write aboutV" Editor: ""Well, write about fca\" 