°mulouit. TILE GREAT COOLEY INQU?ST. MY neighbour William Cooley had a bro ther named Thomas, who lived at a planc called Vandyke, in Now Castle county Thomas Cooley was, in some respects, a very remarkable man. IIe was gifted will genius, but it was gelins of an impracti cable kind. ie was nit inventor, ant during the later years of his life lhe de voted all hlis time to the work of construct lug surprising machines which w"oulh never do anything when they were con strueted. Down at the patent otlice they got so a0 last that when a new model and specifica tions would conic along from Cooley, tht commnissioner and clerks would grant him a patent on the spot, for they knew, from a rich and generous experience, that whle Cooley invented auytling it was perfeetly certain to be unlike any other contrivanue ever conceived by the mind of fallen manl; and they were aware, at any rate, that nobody who was sane enough to be at large would ever wanst to interfere with Cooley's exclusive right to pin together such a bewildering and useless lot of cranks and anxles and wheels. I think Cooley had about two hundred patents of various kinds; and besides the machines and dodges thus protected by law, lie owsvoed scores of others Vwhich were Ilever heard of in Washington or anywhere else but at Cooley's home. Cooleyv hadl a kind of i den" of his own in the garret. He used to shut himself up in this for hours together while he per fected his inventions or conducted his chemical investigations. Hiis last idea was that lie could put together a compound which would rule gunpowder out of the market, and make the destruction' of armies and navies comparatively easy. And so, for a time, Mrs. Cooley, while bustling about in the vicinity of the den, instead of hearing the buzz and hum of wheels and the click of the hammer, would sniff terrific smells, evolved by the irre pressible Cooley from the contents of his laboratory. And one day there came a fearful explosion. The roof was torn off and reduced to splinters, and Thlomas Cooley had disappeared. Vanurlyke, as I have said, is in New Castle county, Delaware, but it is also close to the boundary line between Dela ware and the counties of Cecil and Kent, in Maryland. And so it was not surprising when, a few minutes after the explosion, persons in atll three of the counties perceived fragments of a demoralised and disinte grated human being tumbling from the air. The pieces of the unhappy victim of the disaster were unevenly distributed be tween New Castle, Cecil, and Kent. The first named got twelve of the fragments. There were persons who thought Cooley might have showed even greater partiality for his own county, but I do not blame him; ho was in a measure controlled by circumstances. I think the friends of the coroner com plained with greatest bitterness. He was an enthusiastic coroner. He had been known, when one of Dr. Tobias Jones's relatives returned from Egypt with a mummy embalmed fifteen hundred years before the Christian era, to seize that. ancient subject of Pharaoh and summon a jury and sit upon it, and brood over it and think. And it is rumoured that he put that jury up to bringing in a verdict, " The death of the deceased ensued from cause or causes unknown, at the hands of persons also unknown." Ilis enemies at the next election openly asserted that he charged the county with the usual fee, with compound interest from the time of Moses. So of course when Thomas Cooley went up, he wasn't sorry ; and the more Cooley was scattered over New Castle county, the more serene and affable the coroner felt. .VWhen ihe selected his jury and looked around him a little in order to command the situation, he perceived that Cooley had put into his hands a tolerably good thing. The coroner spent the next three cdays holding an inquest upon each of the twelve fragments of the deceased. IIe empanelled a new jury every time, and then proreeded cautionsly and deliberately ill each case. There was by no means complete una nimity of opinion. The first jcury decided that " the deceased mnot his death by being struck by something sudden." The so cond one advanced tile theory that "Tho mas Cooley wasn surreptitiously and insi diously blowed apart." The others throw out suggestions respecting the probability that tile trouble came from Cooley's well known weakness for ilying machines, or from his being lifted out and cut iup by some kind of a hurricane. Onceo the jury decided not to bring in a verdict, but merely to pass resolutions of regret And the coroner would sit there over tile particular piece of Cooley in question, and smile and permit these manifestations of generous feeling to have full play. It didn't perplex hilh that all the verdictsr differed. " Truth," he remarked to a friend, " is well cuough. But as Cooley is certainly dead, what's thle odds if we can't agree as to lwhat killed hun ? Let us collect our fees .and 'ield with Christian resignation to destiny.' It was always interesting to me to hear that coroner converse upon the subject of resignation. Ile would rather have died tlhan to have resigned while any of thie Coaleys were in town inventing explosive cosipouni s. i. IlTh Cecil county coroner discovered six pieces of the deceased within his jurisleic tion, but his pride would not permit him to yield the supremacy in such a matter to his rival over the line. The Now Castle man had twelve inquest, and so would he with more besides. Ani his juries used to go out and consult and oomo in after a whilo with a majority report, declaring, perhaps, that decneaed was killed by fool. ing with some sort of a gun, and a nino rity report insisting that he had been murdered and dissected by a medical stu I dent or students unknown. And then the coroner would disband the inquest and drum up a fresh jury, which would also disagree, until out of those six fractions of poor old Cooley. the coroner got thirty-seven deliberations, with the attendant fees. And every time the doctors would testify that post-mnortcmn examinations revealed the fact that the inside of the deceased was crammed with fragments of the Latin language, and in variably the jurors would sit there and try to look as if they understood those terms, although a dimn impression pre vailed most of the time that the physi cians were indulging recklessly in profa. nity. And when a relative of Cooley'n testified before the thirty-seventh jury that "Tho mas Cooley was a aman of marked idiosyn crasies, and his brain was always excited by his irresistible fondness for chimeras of various kinds," the jury looked solemn and immnediately brought in a verdict that " death was caused by idiosyncrasies form iny on his brain int consequence of exces eesive intdulgence in chdineran, thus supplying an awful warning to to the young to refrain from ihe use of that tnd other intoxicat ing beverages.". Only two pieces fvll in Kent county, but the coroner was animated by even greater professional enthusiasm than his neighbours across the border. lie spent tihe entire season over as mutch of Cooley as lie could reach. All his juries btt ont disagreed, and lie lhad eighty-four. The sixth would have been unanimous, but for an obstinate iman named Selfridge. All the others were for i verdict of myste rious butcher, lbut Selfridge insisted upon attributing the disaster to nitro-glyrerine. So earnest was lie that lie fought over the subject with a fellow-juryman named Smith ; and he held Smith down and re monstrated with him, and showe.l him the itatter in different lights, and bit his nose to convince Smitth that the nitro-glycerine hlpothesis was correct. And wvhen the jury was disnharged, Selfridge, true to his solemnu convictions, carried the war into the papers, and published an obituary poem entitled " A Monody on the Death of Tllomas Cooley," in which he presented his views in this fashion : "~When Cooley got his glycerine all. pro perly adjusted, IIe kinocked it unexpectedly, iand suddenly it busted ; Andl when it reached old Thomas C. lie got up quick and dusted, And left his wife and family disheartened and disgusted." It was discovered that one of the bones of the deceased had fallen directly across the boundary line between Cecil and Kent. As soon as the filt was reported, the coroner of Kent rallied a jury upon his end; and just as the proceedings were about to begin, the Cecil coroner arrived with a jury for the purpose of attending to his share of the work. While the au thoritin? of Kent muised at one end of the bone, the jurymen of Cecil reflected at the other end, and the result was that each brought in an entirely different ver dict. But they were unanimous on the question of the collection of fees. In all there were thirteen or fourteen conflicting verdicts rendered, and so some uncertainty prevailed as to the precise cause of Cooley's death. Men's minds were unsettled, and their conclusions were de moralised, in the presence of so much official authority of an indecisive kind. But nobody mourned those differences. They were a a blessing for the people of the counties. Almost every man in the neighbourhood had had a turn at Cooley's remains, and some of them had served on the juries six or seven times. The farmers all bought new Inowing-machines that spring with their fees. The doctors col lected more money'for post-lnortem exa moinations than they would have done in a time of all epitlemic of small-pox and sldden death. People fixed up their houses and paid off mortgages-and laid in their pork and started grocery stores andt gave hops out of the profits of Cooley's explo sion. And there were men who cherished a wish that Cooley could be put together again and exploded once a month for the next decade. But that of course was im possible. One day when the tide of prosperity was at its height, the widow Cooley per ceived a wagon driving up to hterdoor. The plan within the vehicle dismounted, and unloaded four pieces of iron pipe sixty feet long. Presently another wagon arrived, and tits driver also unloaded the same quantity of pipe. Then a third driver arrived and did the same thing. Then a fourth came, and Mrs. Cooley saw a man in it with a queer-looking object by him. It proved to be Thomas Cooley hinself. Thomas had been up to the city at a machine-shop getting up a working model of a new kind of a patent duplex elliptic artesian pump; and now he was home again. The remains scattered over the counties wero--eo Cooley said- merely a lot of beef with which he had been try ing to make a neow kind of portable soup and an improved imperishable army saus age; and the explosion, he thought, must have been caused by spontaneous coitbus tion. Thomas Cooley would have been happy after all, but for one thing-- everybody outside of his own family refused to recognise him as a living man. If le was willing to move about in the community in the character of an unburied corpse, the people would agree not to interfere and not to insist upon his burial; but that was as far as they could go conecien tliously. Their duty to society, their obli gations to the law, compelled them to reject the idea that he was anything more than inanimate remains. IHe was officially dead. The fact had been declared under oath by hundreds of jurymen, and it was registered in the records of two States and three counties. The testimony was over wholmingly against him. To admit that 1he was still alive would be dangerous, it would be revolutionary. The foundations of society would be shaken, the majesty of the law would suffer insult, the fabric of republican government would he under mined. If a being who was legally only a mere cadaver was to be permitted to strut out into daylight, arid to urge incen diary theories about the conditio, of his vital spark, nothing would tie are ; there would be no guarantee that the cemeteries woutl not unloadl, and that all of the dle p:artel would inot be crowding out anil wanting to vote. llesides, if it was ad mitted that Cooley was yet alive, all the money that had been earned by tile jury men, all the fees that had been charged by coronlers would have to be retllurned to thei county treasuries. The penolo were aghast at the thought. The coroners entered into a solemn ncomact to persist in ignoring Cooley, or to regard him merely as an absurd and very indelicate goblin who had behaved in a manner wholly unworthy of a ghost with gentlemanly instinets. Tlhy deolarod publicly that they could not ndmit- thant Cooley wns !alive, unless there should be a general resurrection in the States'ot! Delawarn and Maryland, and until that time arrived, they.considered that the best thing Cooley could ton would be to select a sepulchre somewhere and creop into it and behave. 