a ? a= SPORTING NOTES. RACING EVENTS TO COMB. Pwa«r»-Vm US Tre%Mt tt» Sytoej Car, Wmssy 15. JnnUite -S«» Guyana). lUnarr IS and M, IKS. BmrasgOfe. ftAmarr 16 mnfl 17. I«a. Tacmaman Kietac Cbdi (Hotaait lawn). Febroarv 16, 17, and IB, IKS. Ceosa nhmSmmi Wato). TtHnwHyBlM) 29, J8JB. Cterten Saw, tUmarr » ana S, 1836. T«m.man Turf Club -Um-°e«im). February :4,s,»aa Tammirtti Hacei (Xew Bontb WalM). Xardi, 1876. WanricV (QoaenaUnd) Annual Baas, April 21 art 22, DJ- j.c. Annual Baa*. Say 3 ano. *. K_LJ.C. Annual Baee-, Hay 11 and 1!. Q T.C. Annual Ham, K«J IlaHIS. llndgee (Har Soolh wain). Hay H, 25, and S6. 18f«. Br the time these lines are in public print, the Glen Innes races will be concluded, and the names of the ' conquering heroes ' wired to the principal towns of the Australian Colonies. We have already received *sl epitome of the first and second days' racing, and considerable surprise has been excited by the fact that a horse whose name did not appear in the betting, and who was not looked upon as having a *' ghost of a chance,' has pulled off the 1000 sovereigns, the Grand Stand Plate, and run second and within a neck of Sunlight £or the Jockey dub iTflm^j^p^ As on many previous occasions, &e; result has proved that favourites do not always win, and sometimes a hone that has run but in differentiy amongst third raters, achieves by a single grand effort a first cUssposition, and covers Us name with glory. Who shall say that old Erin has not done well in sweeping past at ieazt two fields of good bones, and fanning to his owner's credit prizes of cou siderabie worth? The old horse has evidently » good dal of metal in him, and when caued upon can go to tiie front of horses supposed to be faster and better than himself. The time in which Erin paced his two miles in the 1000 sovs. race is not to be sneezed at, as it will be remembered that 3 mins. 43 sees, is wr^pr Hit-, time in vtucli Oroydsi won. 1&v;& Great Metropolitan Stakes in 1870, and the same as that in which the Sydney Gold Cap was von by Yatteodon in I66G, and by Bar beIieinIS70. A difference in age and weight is admitted, but seeing that the hones men tioned were some of the best of their day, and Erin has been regarded simply as a frir horse in Queensland, the tilen Innes performances of. nis big caestmt sze worthy of xesuvk. Be has aot been an ink animal by any means, for in 1874 he started for nineteen races, winning eleven, running second in five, and and gird in three. At Ipswich in that year he only got into second place for the K.AJ.C Grand Handicap and the Town Plate. At Brisbane he was third for (he Q.T.C. Handicap, and second for the Brisbane Cup. At Warwick he succeeded in carrying his colours first past the post in ihe Tori Cub Handicap, with top weight up; and getting a second place in the Warwick Han dicap. AtToowooMbanewontheToowoombs (Cap) Handicap. At Bockhampton be won the fTandirap on the second day, carrying 9 st. 5 lbs., and beating Kingston, Wanderer, and three others. On the not day be ran a bad third only {or the Town. Elate, being passed by Kingston and Wanderer. AlMary boroqgB he won the District Hate nod the dob Handicap. At Mount Pecsy he ran second in a hurdle race. At Gayndah be won the District Plate Handi cap. At the Toowoomba Christinas M*?^t^ng he won. th*» TooiPoomttt ff aMfdiirip and the Antsgny Cup. At the Ipswich Races be won *. l—J'Tr and a, town plate. At Dalby he won the H.HJ.C B^Ji^f and ran into third place far the Town Plate. Suchis a brief summary of Erin's work in 1674. He was at tost tine an aged iurse, and conse quenfly must now be getting into the 'sere and yellow leal' He does not, however, seem quite worked out yet, and wul no doubt be heard of again. In the Glen Innes Cop he carried 7 Et. 6 !bt seta, higb weight certainly for an aged horse, and yet quite high enough considering the company he was in. Eleven horses only are said to have started, and it w31 be interesting to find out what became of «he other twenty-six or twenty-seven acceptora. That some of the big guns did not face the starter seems probable, but for information in full of the lace and other aoatieiB we tt»'»* cxcvosg Ata meeting of £he Dariiog Downs Jockey dub, held on the 31st ultimo at the Com mercial Hotel, Toowoomba, the secretary's report showed the property of the dull tone worth £4000. It was decided to hold the annul meeting on the 3rd and 4th of May next, and to offer a Maiden Plate of £30, Toowoomta Handicap of £100 and tbeD.D. J.C. Handicap of £150. The Tounxmbaitea are known to be strong in their spotting proclivi ties, and win leave no stone unturned to make their 'annual ' a, success, and interesting to strangers. Be the Darling Downs Jockey Club Hares' Produce Stakes, 1S7C, the following foals were named and described on tfae 1st January : — Judge Latwyche'B b.t Young Ma; Mom-i? Yattendon— May Queen ; Judge Lutwyche'V b.f. Maryland— by Maribvmong — Sylvia ; Mr. E White's b.c Tunnderbolt-iyCharlton Formosa ; Mr. 3. Mnrphy'sb.e. Ohio— byCharf- ton— Freetrader; Mr. J. Funk's b.c.The Duke —by Lord of the Downs— Eva ; Mr. H. J. Smith's ch. Janitor— by Kelpie—Juanita ; Mr. KL Harvey junior's be. Connee— by Master Magus—Madeira ; Mr. W. B. Murphy's b. or br.c W.B.M.— by Ace of dubs -Mar- r4iinf» wi At. a sneeting of the committee of the Queensland' Turf Onb, held on the afternoon of January 21, the programme for fibe autumn ineeting in May was arranged. It was decided to offer, amongst other events, prizes of £300 for the Brisbane Cup; of £150 for the Qneenslana Turf Onb Handicap ; of £100 for the Mares' Produce Stakes, and of £75 fortbe Maiden Plate. The total amount to be contested for at the meeting wffl be nearly £300. The programme of the annnal meeting of &e; North Australian Jockey Club, to beheld at Ipswich on the Ilth and L2th of May, has been published. The principal events will be the North Australian Jockey Club Grand Hand iran of 250 sovs., with a sweep of 10 sovs. each added for starters ; two wiles ; and j the Ipswich Town Plate, oi 200 sovs., with a ' sweep of 7 sovs. each added for starters ; one | nule and sialt There are five events for each day. i The Victorians are weH-knowu not to be i ignorant of the art of doing things, and the i autumn programme just issued by the V.R.C. j folly bean out the reputation of our southern friends. Toe meeting is to commence on 1 Saturday, ihe Sti March, and business is i started with a hurdle race of 10 sovs. each, with 200 sots, added. The Ascot Yale Stakes, for two-year-olds, foDows. Next comes the Brunswick Stake of ISO sovs., vOh a sweep of 5 sovs. added. Then the St Leger and Visitors' Pbte. The latter race is for 100 sovs., the winner to be sold for 25 sovs. The Keflor Stakes of 100 sovs., a weight for ace race, concludes ihe first day's pro gramme. On the second day the first race is the Selling Maiden Stakes of 5 sovs. each, with 100 added, the winner to be sold for £100. The Sires' Produce Stakes for two year-clds is second on the list, and the Grand Stand Stakes, of 10 sovs. each, with 300 sovs. added, follows ; this is a weight for age race, with penalties for winners. This win be suc ceeded by the Australian Cup, and then comes Ac £140 Plate, the winner to be sold for £30. A Hurdle Bace, of 100 sovs., 2 mues, brings the «eeond day's racing to a conemsion. On the third day the Norserv Handicap, of ISO sovs., is followed by the Belter Skelter (another selling race), to which the sum of SO sovs. is added. Then we have the Newmarket Handicap of 300 sovs., after which comes the Tora Plate of IS tors, each, with 500 sovs. added, weight for age, over Smiles. The Steeplechase for 300 sova^ and rTanrBrap for three and four year olds will conclude the meeting. £3400 is the amount of added money. After a glowing description of the many conquests made by the game old Dagworlh -3nTmg Ms racing career, ** Angur ' says : — ' He was then put through the uuH for the Champion Stakes, with what result is now well known. It was pitiable to see the poor old' feDow struggling in Ihe rear, but with that Tttflomitafale garofnpBR which chaTacfaTiaftd him through his career, be galloped on unto his leg gave way, and he then fen. Why be was persevered with when all pnrgnii was hopeless ?sasinexpucanletome. I believe Mr. Pisier nad made arrangements to deliver him, after the Champion Stakes, to a Queensland pur chaser for £1200, but the accident which befd the hone put an end to the bargain, and Mr. Fisher therefore had to bear the loss.' Writing on the same subject 'Venison' in the Cotrier says :_ But so it seems to be, Oat nearly all good racehorses out here geb foot iitSeofthe consideration they ought to have. Old Tarragon, after Tinning some aood three mile races in his prime, was pitted in his old age against such fresh yotmg 'tigers' as Cossack and Byuug and 'was much distressed at the finish' of his last three-mile spin. And no wonder either, poor feuow. Tattendon, too, was trotted out against Korth Australian, in the Bandwiek Hate of 1867, when he ought to have been on the shelf. And so on with Hamlet, Javelin, Dagworth, and others. They never get m time the wen-earned leisure they deserve. A racehorse's only safeguard against inhuman and greedy owners in Ans fealia, ronningirim beyond his powers, -eema to beao having* 'Aiekery' set of legs, such as those which sent {Ishhook, Lecturer, and other flyers to the stud before their hearts got broken by too mnen racing. 