The Brisbane Courier [PUBLISIIED DAILY.] Friday, July 14. 1876. ONE of tho most remarkable circuía stances connected with the ?vote of want of confidence le\clled against Mr THORN'S Ministry, IS the quarters from -whence it proceeds and is paillard) supported The attack has not been led bj the member, of the i emular Opposition, and its success has not depended upon the occupants of the Opposition benches These ha\c supported it, indeed, but the) ha\e not oiiginatul it The mo\cr of the \ote Mr M'IIWRUIH, is, it must be remun bered, an c\ Ministei of Mr M\C\LIMII s oryinil Libu ii Administration 110m the iii-t, and without \ mitioii up to the present tune, he h is been a consistent and poweiful ad\oeate of pi 0o ress He was leg mied In the whole of tho pnt\ in the countij which Mi M u UIMFI had it his bick when his Mmistij uplaccd tint of Mr PUMH ns the inu\in¿ und pudoiuinint spiut with le^ud to an essentnl poition of the pohc\ whiehMi M vc u IM i u propounded on lus accession to oflice When he ictiicd it bee uno c\ident that tho popular senso of hi-, influence w is not mun îcct 1 i oin that moment the nnisiks of the Ydmmisti uiou ippmed to bo icli\ed, and then courage foi muleit ikm^ import mt entctpiisis abited Thencefnth tlion couiso w is one which demanded dextcrit) rather than boldness 'Ihej probabl) knew their own resources. Faint promises were all that was left of those portions of the stirring policy with which they started, and their entire attention appeared to. be directed to keeping alive "a spurious excite- ment on party questions, the set- tlement of which they constantly deferred. It was not likely that they would do otherwise than defer such settle- ment, for they must have been conscious that when that was once effected they, like OTHELLO, would find their " occupa- tion gone." They played in fact none but what they considered safe cards. The others, it is now ajjparent, they would have gladly thrown out of their hand alto- gether had it not been for Mr. KING. It was not until the decision had been arrived at to cast aside the last shreds of the prac- tical portions of the original liberal policy that Mr. KING ceased to be a Minister of tho party. There must be some reason for his figuring now as the most forward supporter of a vote of want of confidence. Mr. M'ILWKAITH and Mr. KING hold to- day, judging by their declarations, precisely the same views as they held on the day when they took office as colleagues of Mr. MACALISTER. If there has been any variation, it has not been on their part. The trial of strength, therefore, appears to have lain primarily betwixt the original policy of the party whose leaders two and a-half years ago succeeded to office and the shreds of that same policy which have survived succes- sive panics and abandonments. It is true, indeed, that at the eleventh hour Mr. THORN'S Ministry picked up, in a half-hearted way, a good many frag- ments previously cast aside, but it is not surprising that the two ex-Ministers should refuse to believe in the sincerity of a Min- istry which includes some of the very men who compelled their retirement by refusing to permit them to retain intact what is now so hurriedly snatched up under unlooked-for pressure. Perhaps the fact which is next in order of singularity is to find these leading men so lately from the Government benches assisted con amore by the whole weight of the party ordinarily regarded as conservative. But it is a recognised phenomenon in political affairs that the liberal principles of yesterday are the conservative theories of to-morrow. While under the misdirection of unfaithful leaders the representatives of popular views have been executing an unnatural retrogression, their opponents have not violated the order of nature. These have been moving with the times, and have come into actual rapprochement of ideas with the best and most practical features of the liberalism which has been so strangely receded from by its natural adherents. This is simply a practical illustration of what we have so often insisted upon and demonstrated. The old squatting party is extinct. Its sentiments are mere matter of history to-day. Its memory would almost have faded away were it not that it has suited politicians of the GRIFFITH order to keep a sham ghost of it walking as a scare for the ignorant, who otherwise might look too closely into the relative merits of individuals. To every sensible man, who has the capacity to think for himself, it is obvious that no Government which should attempt "to revive and give effect to the principles of bygone squatting monopoly would retain office for a week, no matter how favorable might bo their apparent opportunity. The unanimous voice of the country would overwhelm them before they could turn the keys in the Ministerial despatch boxes. Those of the Opposition members who still cling to generally exploded and ancient traditions are absolutely without influence or weight, even with the men whom they hamper. They lend their support, it is true, but with regard to them the grounds aro different. Doubt- less there are some who feel no higher im- pulse than a desire to humiliate opponents. The movement is intrinsically a cross beuch one, and is the revolt of liberal progressiveness against worn-out pre- tence. There is, however, yet another singular fact worthy to be recorded respecting the debate. Besides the formal want of confidence motion, another which may prove the more damaging of the two proceeded from the Attorney-General himself. This would probably be the last quarter from which such as enti ment would ordinarily have been ex- pected to proceed. But Mr. GRIFFITH said in effect, if not in direct terms, that he too had no confidence in the ability of the Premier. Mr. GRIFFITH probably was under the impression that he could successfully venturo on thinner ice than any other living mau, and escape mis- chance by his own dexterity. In this instance he deceived himself, and enlightened his hearers. It is impossible to imagine how a more crippling stroke could have been dealt to the prestige of the whole Ministry than the awkward exposure made by the Attorney-General of tho estimation in which its members held the leader they had elected to take office with, and under whose direction they proposed to do great things for the couutry. Mr. THORN is the stem on which they all depend, and if he bo indeed so weak as Mr. GRIFFITH showed he believes, their own situation must be a perilous one, even should they escape the rough wrench they aro at present undergoing. THE conflict between the tempoiul and the spiritual-or, as it may be called, be- tween the civil and the uncivil-power in France is not less interesting or important than tlie similar conflict which is still being waged with such sturdy pertinacity in Germany. Perhaps it has been embit- tered by the fact that tho new law which proposes to restore to the State the sole power of conferring University degrees has been introduced into the Chamber of Deputies by M. WADDINGTON, a member of the Ministry who is peculiarly ob- noxious to the Ultramontane party from the fact that he is by birth the son of an Englishman, and by religion a heretic. Be tliisa» it may, there can bo no doubt of the fact that the French Government and tho French Legislature are as distinctly nnti Ultrainontano as was the French Church in the middle of the seventeenth century, when it niado such a gallant stand on behalf of Gallican libertie« as opposed to the encroachments of the Papal See. We are told, by tho Paris correspondents of the London and New York papers, that the debate which took place in the Cham- ber over the election of M. DE MUN for Pontivy was the [most interesting ever witnessed there, or perhaps in any Assem- bly for many years, and that the gravity of the situation cannot be over-estimated j because all disguises have been flung aside, and Church and State are now fairly pitted against each other. If this be so, the circumstances out of which the contest has arisen are worth re- cording. M. DE MUN, although an ex .avalry officer, is looked upon by the clerical party in France as one of the most promising champions of their cause. He hates freedom, he places implicit faith in Syllabuses and gensdarmes ; and is an uncompromising enemy to the promul- gation of scientific truths. He owed his election entirely to the illegal interference of the clergy, who have become active electioneering agents in France ; and when this fact was brought to light by the committee appointed to investigate disputed elections generally, the Ultra- montane journals re-echoed a cry, raised by ^M. VEUILLOT, of The Univeis, that such an enquiry, in the case of M. DE MUN, was " blasphemous ! " Now the contention of the French Government and of the majority in the Chamber of Deputies is, that all ecclesias- tics are mere public functionaries ; as they are maintained chiefly by the State ; the item of Worship and Public Instruction figuring annually upon the Estimates for close upon four millions sterling. There- fore it is argued, and very properly so, that if the Bishops and curés insist upon professing their obedience to the Pope and the Vatican, the Pope and the Vatican are bound to provide them with a mainte- nance ; for the French Government can- not be expected to support a body of men owning allegiance to a foreign potentate, and employing all the influence they possess to overthrow the ex- isting institutions of the country and to restore the Bourbons or the Bonapartes, as the case may be. Thus it will be seen that the question of a Free Church in a Free State has been raised in the Chamber of Deputies, and may not perhaps be laid again until a definite decision has been arrived at. M. DE MUN, with soldier-like frankness, averred his belief that the Church was above the State, that ecclesiastics had a right to be independent of their paymasters, that priests are not functionaries, and that Bishopsarefar superiorto any civil adminis- trators. There is no beating about the bush here, and it is now sufficiently plain to all men that the time has arrived when, for the stability of the existing order of things in France, it is imperatively de- manded that the State should assert and maintain its permanent authority, cost what it will. This has become the more necessary on account of the extravagant pretensions put forward on the other side ; for the Ultramontane Univeis and Monde both declare that BOSSUET'S Declaration of 1682, which set forth that "kings and princes are not by the law of GOD subject to any ecclesiastical power, nor to the keys of the Church with respect to their temporal Government," and that the Pope's authority only extends to the decision of " questions of faith," has been "superseded forever." So bold a statement led to the Minister of Justice, M. DUFAURE, being asked by the Election Committee of the Chamber of Deputies, if the Declara- tion of 1682 was still being taught in the episcopal seminaries ; to which he re- plied by promising that he would en- quire. Next morning, out came The Univers with the blunt announcement that such an enquiry was altogether un- necessary, as the articles of BOSSUET were not being taught auywhere. It appears, in effect, that the Church of France, which was formerly so jealous of its independence of the See of Rome, now affirms what The Civiltà Cattolka declared about five years ago, namely that " The Pope is the sovereign Judge of civil laws." This is the doctrine laid down in the 42nd clause of the Papal Syllabus of 1S64, which en- tirely reprobates, proscribes, and con- demns, as an evil opinion, the statement that "in case of conflicting laws between the two powers the Civil law ought to prevail." Now this, of course, is a mere brutum fit/men, as it stands in that document ; but when the French prelates and clergy exhibit a détermination to give it prac- tical effect by their conduct as French citizens ; and when the men who are eating the bread of the Government con- spire against it, the State is bound, in self-defence, to vindicate its supremacy, and to say to its contumacious function- aries-for theyare functionaries-"Either you must relinquish tho stipends you receive from the Treasury, or you must renounceyour allegiance to the Seeof Rome on all subjects of a civil and political nature. You cannot serve two masters. Wo do not interfere with your religious doctrines and teachings ; but we are en- titled to demand from you, as our stipendiaries, loyalty and obedience to the laws and institutions of the country." Failing this, we conceive that it is not at all improbable that the nation which alienated the inimeuso domains of the French Church in 1789, and declared itself to be " the sole aud absoluto owner of all ecclesiastical property," will not hesitate to suspend the payment of State aid to a body of men who persist in asserting that the Pope of Rome has power " to depose kings and to release subjects from their oath of allegiance." WK learn that upwards of 700 people visited the ba/aar during the afternoon mid evening of yesterday. This augurs well for the W11 fund if the sale» are anyway equal to tho attendance, and, judging ty the smiling faces of the fair stall- holders, it appeared to be so. The bazaar is announctd to open again this evening at teven o'clock. Tlie American writing machine is caus- ing great attraction. Arrangements have been made by the committee to "ballot" the machino at a future date, for the benefit of the bell fund. IN our account of the Bazaar at the School of Arts, published in yesterday's issue by the elision of a single letter it wa« made to appear that Mr. T. Jones presided at tho refreshment stall iiixtcad of Mrs. T. Jones. We regret tho accident the ruoie iu view of the fact that our evening contemporary, in paraphrasing our report, was led into tho error of naming the Hev. Thoa. Jones as figuring iu the somewhat incongruous rule of caterer. THE want of confidence debate waa resumed yesterday in the Legislative Assembly, Mr. Pet- tigrew, the mover of the adjournment, giving way to the Colonial Secretary, who opened with a speech which excited constant interruptions from honorable members. Mr. Stewart denied that there was any antecedent bargain for Mr. Macalister's appointment, and made an elaborate defence of the governmental action in the matter. He also criticised the speech of Mr. M'llwraith at length. Mr. Pettigrew followed, and, in a long speech, characterised by alterna- tions of humor and denunciation, delivered some grave charges against the Premier, accusing him of being the greatest dummier in the country, and of stating in the public street on Saturday last his intention of reconstructing the Ministry on a more popular basis than it rested upon at present. He also accused the Premier of manipulating the constituencies by bribery and the unscrupulous use of the telegraph wires. Mr. Thorn repelled the attack with vigor, denied being a dummier, and retaliated upon Mr. Pettigrew by charging him with having dummied a selection. He complimented Mr. King upon being a good speaker, hut a very bad administrator, as shown by the condition of the Works Department on his retirement from office. Ho (Mr. Thorn) warned certain hon. members of the consequences to them of an appeal to their constituents, declared that although he had never been in Rockhampton he had many friends there, and would contest the seat with the pre- sent member. He denied manipulating the con- stituencies by wire, and asserted that he had only sent for truthful telegrams. He was confi- dent that the policy of the Government would be popular and suitable to the colony. The bon. gentleman's impetuous sallies provoked much titillation in the House, and altogether the scene was more cheerful than decorous. Mr. Bailey resented the threat of the Premier, and was satisfied of retaining the fullest confidence of his constituents. The Ministry he condemned utterly. Mr. Palmer followed, lamenting the exhibition just given by the Premier, and en- quired how such a leader could hope to have the confidence of the House, or pass any of his measures. He did not question his Excellency's right to send for Mr. Thorn ; indeed, in the ab- stract, the Governor would have been justified in sending for a big boy from the Grammar School, but the House had also a perfect right to say at the outset that such a Premier could not enjoy its confidence. He (Mr. Palmer) also criticised Mr. Macalister's appointment, de- nounced it as a job, and asked if it was intended to send home an intelligent spy to look after the Agent-General. The Ministry could never be acceptable to the central and northern dis- tricts, and ita formation would raise the old separation cry again. They must have financial separation, and would take no denial. He bad never objected to the resumptions of land for public purposes, but to confiscation. There were no dummiers on h¡3 side of the House, but it appeared that the grand dummier of the colony was at the head of the Ministry. He condemned the attempt to make capital out of the ten years' leases. On their expiration the tenure of the lessee would absolutely end, and they must be dealt with as seemed best to the wisdom of the House. He objected to the serf- dom involved in compulsory residence. He regarded the Premier as the most dangerous man in the colony, and believed that if he re- mained in office bribery and corruption would stalk rampant through the land. Mr. Douglas congratulated Mr. M'llwraith on his moderate tone, declined responsibility for the acts of the preceding Ministry, and said he had imposed on Mr. Thorn the condition, in accepting office, that a bill for making railway reserves in various parts of the colony on the Roma principle should be introduced by the Ministry. The Liberal party had experienced much difficulty in forming a new Ministry, and it would have been fairer to allow them atrial on theirmeasurea. They were willing to submit for approval by the House the plan of selling lauds on railway reserves to pay the interest on construction only, so long as the reserves were set apart for the security of the public He deprecated another change of Ministry in the present condition of the country's affairs, regretted the frivolity of the debate at an earlier period of the evening, and was much grieved nt the course taken by Mr. King. The scarcity of employment resulted from the introduction of Polynesians, and had caused the utmost discon- tent. The Ministry had been anxious to include Mr. King among their number, but could not accept his condition that he should be the Premier. The last thing they expected was Mr. King's direct opposition. Ha supposed, when the now Ministry was formed, Mr. M'llwraith would be n good stayer, and Mr. King a Eomewhat fiery leader, while Mr. Palmer would handle the ribbons from the bick bench. He (Mr. Douglas) then detailed the circum- stances connected with Mr. Macalister's appoint- ment, defended that of Mr. Mein, and concluded by expressing the hope that the Liberal party of the future would possess a wiser and more discreet head than Mr. King would be. Mr. Ivory said the cause of Polynesians being em- ployed inland was, that immigrants were retained upon the coast Where he lived, 150 miles from the coaat, he had scarcely seen a man in search of work for two years past The Premier was a Bombastes Furioso, the impersonation of the golden calf of Liberalism. Mr. King, replying to Mr. Douglas, denied that he had sought the Premiership. He had demanded the adoption of the public works policy, and made the con- dition that he should lead the Government in the Assembly. Mr. Thorn being Premier in the Upper House, as a matter of fact, four of the present Ministers were, a few week ago, hostile to his opinions, for which he had been thrown over by the late Government, whereas now they had accepted his policy nnder pressure. He could not look upon the Ministry as the representatives of the Liberal party of the colony. Mr. Stewart denied having spoken against the Maryborough railway. Mr. Griffith also urged that Mr. King's policy was that of a large loan, while that of the Govern- ment was the application of the railway reserve principle to all parts of the colony. Mr. Dickson contended that the Ministry was entirely new, every member having gone to his constituents for re-election. Iustead of the late Government inheriting a surplus of £240,000, as alleged, that amount was specially appropriated on their resuming office, and the credit balance was thus reduced to £228. The last advices from the London branch of the Union Bank were unfavorable, tho price haying re- ceded to £91, with three months' interest ac- crued, and the bank having recommended that no further loans bo negotiated at present, the Government had to some extent adopted the views of the preceding Treasurer, and decided not to ask a fresh loan this year. But the con- dition of the Loudon money market being now more favorable they had seen the way to propose a bolder policy. He denied there was any pre- vious contract with Mr. Macalister as to his ap- pointment, and expressed the opiuion that, him- self excepted, the Ministry was au excellent one. He replied to some of the attacks of the Opposi- tion, but the House appeared to have füllen into a listless state, and he therefore would not occupy its tune so long as he had intended. On the motion of Mr. Macrossan the debate was adjourned till Tuesday next. THE ultimate result of the vote of want of confidence is wrapped in as much uncertainty as r. No one appears to feel assured as to how tho division may go. One thing, however, ap- pears clear : That if the Ministry secure only a small majority, their position will prove unten- able unless a dissolution bo grante'd. Ol'R London cablegrams, ria Hongkong, to Juue 21, report a fall in tho value of wool at tho Juno s,iles, as compared with tho rates of tho last preceding series, of fifteen to twenty per cent, which, added to previous reductions, istablishes a decline on the prices ruling at this timo last year of about thirty-threo per cent. This is the worst news it has beeu our lot to chronicle for some time, and furnishes further argument, if such were wanting, of tho present necessity for a bold and progressive policy of public works in this colony. 