THE CENTENNIAL EXHIBITION AT PHILADELPHIA. Tlie Opening: l»uy. -front Oren Cdrresjwndcnt of 8. JII. Herald. ) The Philadclphinns have the reputa tion of being rntlior slow, nnd compari sons havo been made between tliom and the Japanese, tliorovcrse of couipli— mrntary. Much of this disparagement may bo attributed to tlio jealousy of New York and neighbouring cities, which wen not altogether pleased that the Quaker city should bo selected as the site for the centennial celebration, nnd which aro a little envious at the grow ing trade and importance of this big vil lage. However torpid the normal con dition of the Philndclphinns, it must bo admitted that during tlio last month, at any rate, they have exhibited a be coming amount of energy ; nnd their steady and systematic labour has pushed forward the preparations for their dar- ling project at a rntc which few believed to be possible. The Exhibition is at the west end of tho'city,nndthcgrentbodyof artisans nnd labourers employed 011 tlio grounds or in the buildings livo some miles to the eastward. The horse railroads havolieen taxed totiieutmost to transport tlio nnny of workmen cm- ployed, and for some hours in tlio morn ing and again in the evening it has lieen quite' impossible for many to get foot hold on the cars. Tlio municipal au thorities have had largo gangs of men and horses employed upon bridges and : roads leading to the world's fair ; and the work of cutting down embankments, grading and paving streets and foot paths, hns gone 011 simultaneously. High winds have prevailed for some weeks, and' the approaches within two or three miles of the buildings havo been almost blocked up with endless processions of dirt-carts, lumber waggons, nnd vehicles of evciy description. The neighbourhood lias been likened to the Desert of Sahara, with what degree of truth African travellers alone can determine. I con sider a Sydney "brickficlder" almost en joyable when compared with tlio stilling sensations caused by tlio clouds of mica- cious granite which swept down tlio Girard Avenue all through April. ' Fortunately for the Commission, tlio tracks of tho Pennsylvania ltnilroud have long been laid into tho grounds, and but for that, tlio opening of the Exhi bition might safely have been post poned for at least six months. Tlio Commission havo had about two thou sand men at work in tho park in making reservoirs for fountains, forming paths, and turfing or planting the grounds. All tho paths aro mnde of asphalt, and, as fast as the materinl was shot from tho carts, ono set of men rnked it over tho bed prepared for it, while another fol lowed up with a huge iron roller and com pacted the crust. Inside of this roller was a largo semicircular pan in which was a blaring fire, and, being hung upon pivits, the pan followed tho movement of tho roller, so that great heat, ns well as weight, was applied to the fusion nnd compression of tho crust. If over asphalt pavemonts como into favour in New South Wales, it may bo worth whilo to adopt tliiB plan of rolling, which is nt once simple nnd effective. The great est activity has prevailed, -and, in the midst of all tho bustle, the "Centennial" locomotives have been hauling long trains of freight-waggons into the Ma chinery Hall, to the numerous platforms along the main building, nnd to different points in tlio park. The British Com mission Iinvo had a road traction engine for most of their hauling, which has done a . largo amount of work upon a small consumption of fuel, nnd has been a very interesting exhibit to tlio Americans from the fact that this description of en gine has nover before, as I am informed, been seen in the United States. I11 addition to tho largo number. of men em ployed, Fainnount Park lias been over run with multitudes of siglit- seers who have passed the tracks of tho locomo tives nnd threaded their way among horses and carts without fear of accident. The liability to accident from level cross ings over rnilwny lines must he much greater than where the elaborate precau tions are taken to ensure safety under the English system of constructing railways ; bnt accidontsarequiteasrarehere, for the extra risk is more than counterbalanced by the self-possession nnd watchfulness of the people themselves. Order nnd .beanty havo been envolved from the. chaos nndunsightlincs8 which for a long time defaced nracli of the Fnrk liniided over to the Centennial Commission, nnd . those who have had cliargo of tliislmsi- ness ' have " good reason to be satisfied with the transformation which lias been effected. Within the different structures, es pecially in the main building, tho greatest activity prevailed, and an in credible amount ofworkhas been done in theaggregate. Mostoftliocoiintriesnnd individual exhibitors who have given muoh attention to ornament sent tlioir cases or buildings ready to be placed In position, and tho most rapid progress . . was therefore possible. A largo space which was perfectly baro ono week, was covered with richly carved and gilded structures the next ; and tho collective results of a singlo day's labor would astonish anyone who has not reflected upon the amount of work of this de scription which may be done by many hundreds of men employed in carrying out plans previously matured, and in most cases partly completed. Men from nearly every civilized part of the earth havo vied with each other in their preparations, nnd ns far ns perfect readiness on the day of opening goes, . it is admitted that Great Britain nnd several of her colonies have scored a victory. Italy, Portugal, "Mexico, nnd notably France, are among the lag gards. The countries represented in the main building are the United States of America, Great Britain and Ireland, .. Qonaanf France, Norway, Sweden, Austria, Spain, Portugal, Denmnrk, Belgium, tho Netherlands, Russia, Italy, Turkey, Switzerland, Canada, San Salvador, Honduras, Brazil, Chili, tho Argcntino Republic, Mexico, Guatemala, Peru, Ecuador Venezuela, Bolivia, British India, China, Japan, Siam, Egypt, Tunis, Liberia, Orange Free States, Capo of Good Hope, New South Wales, Tasmania, South Aus tralia, Victoria, Queensland, Now Zea land, Fiji, und the Sandwich Islands. Ot these communities thirteen are more than 0000 miles distant from Phila delphia, seven over 7900, and three (British India, Australia, and Now Zealand) over 10,000 miles. .Photographs of the five principal buildings have been so widely dis tributed in Australia that the character of tlioir elevations must bo generally known ; hut witli a view to givo an idea of tho extent of the exhibition it may be well to recall a few facts. The main building covers 21-J acres of ground, nnd has cost about 1,000,000 dollars. It was run up in less than eighteen months, and is so constructed that it could readily be taken to pieces, and tho Centennial Commission would no doubt be quite willing to ship it to Sydney if you could find a market for it. 1 1 is remarkably well proportioned, and lias tho appearance of lightness combined with strength. It is thoroughly well adapted to Exhibition purposes, all parts being equally well lighted, and the ventilation as perfect as it is possiblo to make it. The longtli of the avenues in this building exceeds five miles nnd n half, so that any one who walks up and down each passage will, when he roaches the end of his journey, have completed a pil grimage of nearly twelve miles. If he be determined to see everything in the main building his peregrinations must be much more extensive, for the passage ways in most of the courts are necessarily four or fivo times as long as the avenues which give access to them. Rolling chairs, with a man to push you along, may he hired for half a crown an hour, or at tho rate of something under £1 a day. The narrow gauge railway to carry passen gers round the grounds is now finished and comes into operation on the 10th instant. The Machinery Hall covers fourteen acres, the Agricultural Hall ten and a quarter, and the Art Gallery and the Horticultural Hall ench take in ono and a half. These 48 acres were found insufficient to meet the demands for space, nnd several nn- nexes have therefore been erected, so that the total area now under cover for exhibition purposes oxcecds seventy- five acres. It is twenty-five acres more than was enclosed nt the Vienna Exhibition, thirty-five acres more than at Paris in 1867, and fifty-five more than at London in 1891. The esti mated cost of tho buildings nnd fittings is about £1,344,970. If to this be added the estimated cost of "running" — and in America people not only run cars nnd steamboats, but theatres, ex hibitions, hotels, churches, and, indeed everything else which implies a con tinuous expenditure of money — tho concern, tho total expense is expected to "foot up" £1,900,000. This outlay will bo provided from the subscriptions of stock-holders to tho amount of £900,000, the city of Philadelphia supplies £300,000, tho State of Penn sylvania £200,000, and the Govern ment of the United States £300,000. Other sources of income swell tlio total to £1,400,000. The receipts from admissions to the Exhibition are expected to cover the deficiency, and to repay the stock subscriptions and tho United States appropriation, die interests of Philadelphia mid Pennsyl vania being represented by tho Machinery. Memorial, and Horticultu ral Halls. For beauty of situation and con venience of access, the Centennial Exhibi tion is said to surpass all thcothcr great " fairs " which have been hold in the capitals of Europe. There is scarcely a street in Philadelphia which is not traversed by horse rnilronds ; nnd all the prineipnl lines converge nt tho Exliibi- 1011 gates. An rue steam ranrontis con necting Philadelphia with other cities of the United States have nlso been ex tended to tho Park and in this way tlio ut most economy of time nnd money is ob tained. The fare on the street tramways is 8|., nnd the distances run arc niiout four or fivo miles. The fare was 2Ad. lie- fore the war, nnd the people of Phila delphia npponr to regard themselves as tho victims of extortion on the part of the street railroad in that tlioy linvo to pay SJd. The Pennsylvania nnd other steam railrond companies have reduced their fnrcs to the extent of 29 percent, instead of 90 as wns expected, and there is reason to fear that the depressed condition of nil Auicricnn industries, nnd the comparatively high rates of railway travel, will prevent many thousands from visiting the Exhibition. It is clnimcd that Fnirmount Park is one of tlio finest in tho world. As to that I cnu form no opinion. I hove seen no pleasure ground iu America ntnll worthy to lie named witli the Botanic Gardens and Domain at Sydney ; and many of the parks and gardens , so-called flourish 011 maps under fnlse pretences ; but then the area of tlio Sydney 1 Gar dens and Doniinn is insignificant when compared witli tho pnrks of San Francisco, New York nnd Phila delphia, of each of which tlio inhabitants mny well bo proud. Fnirmount Park is situated on'n hill to tho west of Phila delphia, and from its highest ridges an extensive view of the city mny lie ob tained. The ground slopes down to the Schuylkill in graceful undulations, and across some of the glens handsome bridges have been thrown. Whilewintcr lasted the aspect of the Park wns bare and bleak, but now that the trees linvo put fortli their leaves, and n rich green carpet of grass, dotted over with blue violets, nnd n kind of saxifrage, which scuds up little forests of white flowers cnllcd " Quaker Ladies," lins""fakcirflirf' place of ico nnd snow, the -pic ture is entirely changed. Rich borders of crocuses and' snowdrops, of red nnd white and blue hyacinths, nnd of tulips ,'innde the early spring bright with colour, and their plnccs are being" filled with colctis, ncli- yrnnthus, nnd other- plants of variegated foliage. The bloom of a very handsome white magnolia, tlio double-flowering plum, nnd n yellow forsytliia have given plnco to the white nnd purple lilacs, and there is 110 doubt that every month will ndd some fresh attraction to the grounds. Tho Pnrk includes niiout three thousand acres nnd tho drives along tho banks of the Schuylkill nnd the Wissnliicon, from ten to fifteen miles long, are among the most charming which could well lie imagined. Tho area occupied by the Commission is nenrly 230 acres. This is dotted over with 180 buildings of all descriptions. The British Government have erected three houses, the principal of which, St. George's Hall, is used as offices by tho Executive Commissioners, by Canada, and the various British colonics. Tho United States Govern ment, Cnnadn, Spain, Germany, Sweden, France, Brazil and Japan lmvcalso special buildings, while Pennsylvania, Ohio, Indinna, Vermont, Mississippi, New Jersey, Illinois, Wisconsin, Michigan, New Hampshire, Connecticut, Mnss- aclrassetts, Delaware, Minnesota, Arkn- nns, West Virginia, Missouri, Kansas, nnd New England, linvo nlso State buildings for exhibition nnd executive purposes. Cook nnd Jenkins hnvc an office for tho salo of tickets to persons who may wish to travel to any part of the world. The Centennial Commission and Customs' authorities have numerous offices, nnd there are restaurants of all nationalities. The United States lias a Post-office nnd a hospital ; the press, the electric telegraph, nnd transporta tion companies arc also represented by special buildings, which I need not now more particularly refer to. The facili ties for transacting . business or com municating' with tho rest of the world could linrdly bp grantor than1 those wliieh nre provided within, tho Exhibition grounds. Every description of financial business mny be done nt tlio Centennial National Bank. The letter-boxes iiitho buildings hear inscriptions in eight different languages, that tlioy are em ptied every hour ; if the course of post be too slow, tile visitor can .telegraph to liny point on the hnbitahlc globe, and make nrrangemants for transferriiigliini- sclf to any part of - America, Eurdpe, Africa, Asia, or Australia, to which interest or inclination' inny lend him. When the Exhibition wns first pro jected, Fnirmount Park was removed from Philadelphia by wide . intervals of unenclosed land. Now, however, the space has been thickly, built over, and the city spread itself out to the very gates of the Exhibition and beyond them. Hundreds of houses huveheen run up during tho last two months, many of them being built of wood, in defiance of city regulations. 'Hie Courts issued injuuetions against the erection of theso inflammable struc tures, as being a violation of munici pal law ; but the interests in " Shanty Town," ns the neighborhood lias been contemptuously designated, were stronger than the law nnd tho execu tive. The law has not been enforced, nnd the sliniities multiplied more rapidly after the injunctions were issued even than'before. It may be, that if the law were enforced, it woidd necessi tate the removal of several of the Stato buildings and restaurants which have been erected on the park, the privilege of erecting tho latter having in some capes cost £10,000. Several of the largest hotels nre near the Exhibition, and the rest of Shanty Town is devoted to the selling of lager beer in "sum mer gardens that is to sov, back yards in which a blade of glass! a lent, or a flower is not to be found ; to restau rants, catchpenny shows, ginger-bread, pea-nut, ana apple-stidls. The propriety of opening tho Exhi bition 011 Sundays has been the great topic of discussion in .the newspapers for the Inst month ; nnd if the Philadel- jiuimia tuu uui/ jiusiL'U III fVlTV phnsc of the Snbbnth question, it i»qsV be their own fault. The Christian pub-, liojiny.c. strenuously .opposed tho .pro-- posnl to open the .Exhibition on, religious and social grounds', although one or two clergymen havo told their -hearers, nt-niv indignation' meeting; that it ivould do" more harm to close the Exhibition 011 Sundays thnu it would to shut up tlio churches. The Centennial Commission linvo decided by a large majority to close tho Exhibition 011 Sundays ; but there nre strong pecuniary interests enlisted on the other side, and the pressure brought to l>enr upon the Commission moy possibly reverse tho decision. The Ger mans, who aro very numerous, nre most eager to get the placo opened, nnd many expect that Philadelphia "will have its Sundays' quiet invaded in a maimer little to its liking. Should -the Exhibi tion be opened it is not unlikely tlint tbe British section will 1h» closed, and ninny of the American exhibitors will ilmpc their stands. On tbe Sunday after the decision wns arrived nt by the Coin- mission, tbe officers of tho Commission were nt work, horses and locomotives were hauling heavy loads, and. an iui-; uienso .crowds of workmen was busier than ever; This was doubtless very in-' consistent, to many it will appear Very shocking ; nnd yet it is quite of a piece with what is done tho world over':iuulor similar circumstances. , ...... The appearance of the main build ing ou the night of tho l)th of Hay wns in striking contrast with that which it presented on the morning of tho 10th. Enormous piles of straw shavings nnd empty packing cases blocked up many or the avenues, and many of the sections were iu a condi tion of dirt and disorder. Most of tlio exhibitors however completed the work of arrangement durinjytke night, and the systematic operations of the bSFrownienj pad sweepers, whom method 'ana a busnth's work had made expert, v-efj equal to the lost emer gency. , Tlio organization of the different departments of service, cus toms'! ofiiijalfl, terminal agents, fire men, aixl ccnten lial guards has been comploy1. ,and elective. Goods once in thebuiltling/o uld only ho removed on customs' poijip t ; and any one who had itlio , smallest parcel in his hand wqs required. b) c liibit the contents to the customs' of oer before he was allowed-, to leave J10 building. Some people; have beet disposed to resent this as 'an ''dffroi c, forgetting that the regulation was 0 .much for the pro tection of eihibi rs as for the United States revenue.. Soldering, irons could not bo used cxct »t a fireman sfood by with an extincte r ; and when empty cases were rcmr ed their lids had to be fastened on t itho bottom as a pre caution against rtnuggling. The Cen tennial guard elieve each other day and night at stated intervals ; but many ofy.tho. exhibitors havo their private watchi.eri, and witli all these precautions it s doubtful whether pil fering, whicl( s considered inevitable at exhiuitions will bo altogether pre- vented./t'/ At dayliglt o'n Wednesday morn ing, -Mgy/T-O, the bells in all the churches' were' rung, and many of the inhabitants .ikpressed their gladness had fallen' on Die previous day made the streets rather dirty, and the weather until about ft o'clock was very threat ening. Whin I started for the Exhi bition, soon after 7 o'clock, every house in every street through which I passed was cecorated with nags, horses and vehicles were dressed out with the national emlilem, and the very trees were'mnde to blossom with tfie folds of the star-spangled banner." From the windqns of some of the buildings nearly StfQ flags were hung, and fyom pavements,/ to roofs all the houses and shops dn 60th sides of the streets were almost hidden under brilliantrcoloured flags. I At that early hour all' the' cars runnii j over the three nearest lines to Fairra Hint Park "were crowded with passei ers, nnddt. was not even possi ble to h lmng on with your eyebrows" — tha feat being already exemplified by th< se who haa proceeded me. By taking a car down to the Dela ware, and starting from a point furthest removed from the Exhi ition,(I, wns able, to get a seat and reach the' buildings before tlie time of opening. 1 'Lingo 'crowds' were : '"already there/ and cvorybody seemed to take a lively interest in the events of the day. The >>ciiing ceremonies were ' held out of doors, between the main buildings fwheru a platform had been erected for the orchestra and chorus) nnd the Memorial Hall, in front of which plat forms had . been built for the invited guest. . The intervening space wns oc cupied by a dense crowd of spectators, who waited with commendable patience nnd good humour for nearly two hours forHlie ceremonies to begin. Tbe plnit fonnVin front of the Memorial Hall were occupied r by the President of the United States, his Cabinet, and the members of Congress, the Emperor of Brazil, the memlwrs of the Centennial Commission," ' foreign Commissioners, including those from Australia, nnd almost cveryliody of social, political, -or scientific celebrity m the United The nntionnl airs of all nations was the first item on the programme, and tbe orchestra, jimlcr the direction .of Theo-.. dorc Thomas, worked away nt this, pro-" digious task with n will until the arrival of the President, hut whether or not' they got through I am unable to snv. The "order of exercises," as put down ou .the programme, placed " the Recep tion of, the .President" next. . , A clinir was handed to his Excellency over tho heads of the crowd on the platform, and the spectators cheered General Grant vcrjrlienrtflyi If any further reception was intended I cloubt whether it "pam'c off. The Centennial Inauguration March, composed by Wngner, was then performed by the orchestra, with mnrketT "effect. The Rov, Bishop Simpson, ono- of thi?, oldest and most esteemed mem bers of the Methodist Episcopal Church; offered a prayer, in which, 'with adoro- tion and gratitude, the national' blessings of the century were acknowledged;'. Mentioiiwns.mqrc especially j.uade of God's goodness hi lending his -chosen people through the billows ' of tho dejipto n land of vast extent, of/tower ing mountains and broad plains of 111 1- nuuiltcml products, and of untold' trensnres of the fathers of the coun-- trv, pi on of mind and might, who braved multiplied dangers rather than defile; conscience, and had lnid on the broad foundations of truth and "justice the grtyi'd Structure of. civil 'freedom ; of the. immortal Washington nnd. his grand, associates ; of social and national pro sperity and progress, vnlunblediscoveries and multiplied inventions for relieving the toiling masses, of schools, free as the morning light, of freedom to Worship God, and of Church uufcttered by the trammels of State. Supplication Was made for the President of the United States ; that this Centennial Celebration might hind cyery.pnrt of .the Great Re public iii . perpetual union,' nnd drnw the nations of the earth into a happier unity. , . The Bishop prayed that national difference might bo settled by arbitra tion, that the new century might be more radiant with the light of true philosophy,' warmed with the cmnnatious of a world- wale sympathy; that capital, genius, and laliour might be freed from all nn- tngoiiisniiby the. establishment ;nnd ail- plication of such principles of justice nud equity us should reconcile diversified interests, and bind all parts of society jn imperishable bands. » A chorus of nearly a thousand voices, assisted by the orchestra and orgirn, then suna Whiyicr's Centen nial Hymn, and thififflft the most im- pressivo, as it appeared to be the most pleusingj part ot thQ ceremonial. " Oar fathers' (Sod I from out whose hand The centuries fall likc'grains of sand, Wc meet to-day, united, free, , - And loyal to our land and Thee, ; j To thank Thee for the era done, And trust Thee for the opening one. Here, where of old, by Thy design, The fathers spake that word of Thine, "Whose echo is the glad refrain Of rended bolt and falling chain To grace our festal time, from all The zones ofcarth oar guests wc call. 1 Be with us while the New World greets The Old World thronging all its streets, Unveiling all the triumphs won By art or toil beneath the sun ; 1 And nnto commdn good ordain .This rivalsbip of hand and-farain. f > Thon-wbo hast here in coricdrd'fnrled'- ' The war flags of a gathered, world, i Beneath our Western skies fulfil The Orient's mission of good will, . ... And freighted with love a goldch Fleece, Send back the Argonauts of peace. For art andlaboar met in. trace, Fot baidty.made the brido of ase Wc thank Thee, while withal wc crave The austere virtue- strong to save, The honour proof to place or gold, The manhood never bought nor' sold 1 . Oh 1 make thou us, through centuries long, In peace sccarc in justice strong 5 , Around oar gift of freedom draw The safeguards of Thy righteous law ; - ! And cast in some diviner mould, , Let the new cycle shame the old I ' Mr, John "Welsh, the president of the Ccutemiial Board of Finance, in an appropriate speech, formally handed over inu _ cujui'iiumi t iu > (muiii-im Hawlcy president of the Commission Sydney Lnniera cantata was then given by the chorus nnd orchestra to music by Mr. Dudley. Buck ju 4 mnnqer.whjch almost clothed with dignity and sense aj composition thc 'style of which I sup-, posed was rather - hysterical and the! meaning n little obscure. Mr. Lanier's1 lines. nre-— . -. From this hundred terraced height ' Sight more large with nobler light: '' Ranges down yon towering years1 ' -v: ; Humble stnilcs and lordlier tears 8hine and fall, shine and fall,: While old voices rise and call ; ' Yonder where the to-and- fro Weltering of my Long-Ago 1 Mores about the moveless base \ Far below my resting-place. Mayflower, Mayflower, slowly hither flying Trembling Westward' o'er yon balking sea, Hearts within " Farewell dear England" sigh ing, Winds without " But' dcar in vain" replying. Oray-lipp'd waves about thee shouted, crying " No Mt shall not be." 1 1 'Jamcstown/out of thee— ' Plymouth, thee tb Albany— . Winter cries, " Ye freeze i away !" Fever cries " Ye burn : away 1 ' Hunger cries, ' Ye starve : away 1" Vengeance cries, " Your graves shall stay I" Then old Shapes and Masks of Things, Framed like Faiths or clothed like Kings : — Ghosts of Goods once fleshed and fair, urown loui uoas in aucn air- War, aud bis most noisy lords, Tongucd with lithe and poisoned swords- Error, Terror, Rage, and Crime, All in a wintry night of time — Cried to me from land and sea, "No! Thoushaltnotbc:" H&rkl; ' ,. . i ? < « T> ;Hugncnots" whispering " Yea" in th6 \- „ ... ... dark, . A- ; ' ' ' Puritans answering " Yea" in thedarkl Yea, like an arrow shot true to his mark, . . . . , . . Darts through the tyrannous' heart of ' Denial, ' ' 1 Patience and Labour and solemn souicd Trial, . . Foiled, still beginning, \- ' . Soilcdpbut not sinning. — >wToU- tbroughrthc stertorous death of the night. Toil, when wild brother wars new r-dark the Light,". Toll, and forgive, and kiss o'er, and i _ -V xeplight, r , Now praise to God's oft-granted grace, Now' praise to Man's undaunted face, Despite the land, despito the sen, 4 . ! I was : I am ; and I shall be-' ' - ; ; How long, Good 'Angel, O how long? Sing me from Heaven a man's own song! Long as thine Art shall lore "true" lovc, , " ; l .. I<opgas.tby.ScdencetrathshaUknow Long as tbinc Eagle bormsno Dove, Long as thy law by law shall grow, .... Loug as thy God is God above, : ',Thy .brother Je very man below, ' go long, dear Idnd of'all niy love, Thy namo shall shine, tby fame shall glow." O Music, from.this height of time my Word unfold 1 In thy" large signals all men's hearts Man's ' Heart behold ; Mid-hcavcnV unrolp thy chords 'as /friendly 1 flogs unfurled. '' _ 711' AnilTvoTe'tlie word's best lover's welcome to v-->.the world. "ln prcsenting tlic Exhibition to die ; President 'of the: United- States, Gon- . eral Hawley said : — Mn.thanume of the TJuitedrStajes you extended a cordial andresiteQtfiil vitation to the Governments of other nations to" lie represented and to .parti .cipatelin tliis ExhibiHofl:YYou Know, the—very acceptable terms in which they responded, from even tho most distant regions. Their Commissioners aro hero, and you will soon see with what energy and brilliancy they have ' entered upon this friendly competition in the arts of pence. It has" been the fervent hope 01 the Commission, that,' during this festival year, the people from all States nnd sections, of all creeds, and Churches, nil. parties nuih classes, "burying nil resentments, would come tip together to this birthplace of our liberties, to .study.the eviucnce-tff bur resources; to 1 hieasure;,"the pro-J gress of, u hundred years, and to ex amine to our profit the wonderntl pro ducts :of other-lauds .hut especially to join Iihtlils in perfect fraternity, and promise the God of our fathers that the new century, shall surpass . the old in Die true glories of civilization". And, furthermore, that from the association hero of welcome visitors from,. all nations, there may result not alone great benefits to inveption, nmnufne- ures, agriculture, trade, and com merce, but also stronger international friendship's aud more lasting peace." .. President Grant's address wns as follows "My Cuutrymei) ; Jthasbcca-, bought appropriate upon tliis Centennial j jpccnsidK to' Bring together in Philadelphia. ; .for pppplar inspcctionspecimaisoflour! 'alWihlnenfs in the .induslriaf4 and' fine arts, and inlitcntture/scicnce, and pliilos- ophy ns well -in the great business of agriculture and of commerce. 1 Thntiwc- may the more thoroughly appreeintithc excellences and deficiencies of our achieve ments, and nlso give cmpathic cxprcsion to our earnest desire to cultivate the friendship of our fellow-members of this; great family of nations, the enlightened- agricultural commercial, and manufac turing people of the world havc.bccn in vited to send liitlier corresponding speci mens of their skill to exhibit on equal terms in friendly competition .with our own. To this invitation they have gene rously responded:, for so doing we render them our hearty thanks. The beauty and utility of the contribution's ! will this day 1)0 submitted to your inspection bythe managers, of this Exhibition; . We are glad to know that a view of specimens of tlio skill of all nntioiis will afford to you unalloyed pleasure as well as yield to you a valuable practi cal knowledge of so mauy of the re markable results of the wonderful skill existing in enlightened communities. One hundred years ago our country was new and but partially settled. Our necessities have compelled us to chiefiv expend ouc_jncans nnd time in felling forests, subduing prairies, lmHilili'j- dwullin'irs; fhr»tririr»«. xliitm' docks, warehouses, roads, canuls, ma chinery, j&c..; .Most, of our schools,' churches, libraries,, aud asylums, have; ljech established within an hundred years. Burdened by these great pri-! mal works of necessity which, could not be delayed; .we yet have, done what this Exliibtion: will show in the di rection of rivalling older 'and more ad-1 vanced nations in; law,' 'medicine, and; theology : in science, literature, and1 the fine arts. «:While proud of what: we have done, we regret that we have not done more. Our achievements! have been great enough, however, to make it easy for our people .to ac-. knowledge superior merit wherever 1 found. And now, fellow-citizens, I' hope a' cdrfnl examination of what1 is about to "be exhibited to ,-yoji lyjll imt nnly— iiiKpirn -yoU-lvith-ft— pro found respect for the skill and taste of our friends from other nations, but also satisfy you with the attainments made by our own people during tlic past one hundred years. I invoke your geuorous co- operation witli the worthy Com missioners to secure a brilliant success to this -International Exliibition;! :and to maktrlhd itay "ofVur "foreign visitors— to whom we extend a hearty welcome— both profitable and pleasant to them. > I declare the International Exhibition now open." ' Tlio speech oftlie'Prcsident was follow ed by the Hallelujah Chorus, a salute of one hundred guns, was fired, and chimes were rungV A procession through the 'main building had been arranged, but the»crgwd was so'dense that it was in$ p<wsibic for. tlio processionists to keeji4 together, and what was meant to he a very imposing march, was a complete failure. President Grant, the Emperor of Brazil, Sir Edward Thornton, Director-General Goshorn, and souic others kept pretty well together, and as they proceeded along the nave, they stopped at the entrance of caeli of the courts to greet the Commissioners. Time does not permit of particular re ference to tho articles shown in any department of the Exhibition ; and it is desirable for purposes of comparison that some of the.sections now incomplete should be fiuished before an attempt is made to estimate their relative merits. So for as Australia is concerned, it is still almost exclusively represented by New South "Wales and Queensland, and people who have visited the Exhibition have expressed themselves ns being much gratified with v the position the oldest , and the youngest of the ? Australian ' communities, occupy Jiero.i . Both .courts were perfectly ready before the day of opening. The collec tions as a whole represent large interests, and nre calculated to give a favourable impression to visitors of the great agricultural, pastoral, nnd mineral wealth of Austrnlin. The enlnrged nnd painted photographs of Queensland are exceedingly attractive, and her collection of sugar, iugot tin, aud copper ores are exceediuglyi fine J South: Australia liiiit Victoria have n few-small photographs, skins,- and models of nuggets in place/ but the bulk of their exhibits 1ms yet' to "arrive ; Tasmania ,linsjiotliiiig iit pjace ns yet ; 'but «s?Ufe Skerrjwore is now discharging cargo nt New York these .three colonics j will, I; hope, :be nble'tp) sot their houses% in order -before long. . -.Uu less-Victoria bring5? np a good collection of wool, I think it lil&elr; thntin that com- 'inodity New ixmth Wales will surpass' all the Australian colonies and New Zea land put together. Her exhibits of tih; ores and coal, sluile and kerosene oil, cau- liot be excelled. She makes n magnificent show of tweeds,- plaids, and sliawls ; - the - collection of leather sent by AKlcrson. nud Sons', Wright, Davenport, and Co.,j nnd Forsyth, arc most . extensive and valuable. She Jins a magnificent trophy of Australian wines several very superior samples of raw and refiued sugar from the Colonial Sugar Refilling Company, and Clarcnco River growers; a very handsome exhibit of cou- fUCtiohery' from Biddell, Brothers, nnd also of oranges preserved 111 brine. The saddlery is superior, and the timbers, especially those selected by Sir Daniel Cooper from Ivew Gardens, arc the finest .1 have ever seen. The geological cases' from the Department of Mines, especially ' those illustrative of the New South W ales coal formations, .will, bo; regarded '.with much interest by scientific men, ami the cases contaiuwg, jiuriferous quartz, tin, iron, copper, aiiu miscellaneous ores, form' a good advertisement of tlio mineral re sources of the colony. The trophies of grain bar, ami iugot tin, ami of iugot copper also make an effective display. Inhere are several very lmmlsome maps, shpwing the distribution ,of minerals nnd tho areas, suitable for different branches : of agriculture : a large number of hand- !: same photographs, and I shall riot. bo fj. suqmscd 'to learn that Holtcrmaun's -j panoramic view of "Sydney Harbour is | the largest and one of tho most interest- I ing iu the exhibition. It is much to be 1 regretted that Victoria, South Austin- lm,nnd Tasmania should not havo. been represented at the opening, and I hopo befpro the next mail closes to havo the I pleasure of reporting tlint all the leading I colonics of Australia are well represented by specimens of their products and indus- try. „ Several entertainments hare been given, to which the Commissioners from "Australia have been invited. At the reception given by Mr. George W. Childs on the 10th and the dinner given by Sir EdwaM Thornton on the 11th „ of May, thoy had' opportunities of meeting President Grant, thc Emperor of Brazil, nnd most of the lending nien in the politi cal life of America, as well ns .mnny distin- guislicd . foreigners who aro now in Phil- ndelphin. A very cordial feeling appears to subsist amongst the representatives from tlic different Australian colonies and New Zealand,, and,, as the result, of a meeting held by them a few days ago, a dinnerof'nlHhcBritishcoloniesTeprb- sentcd.flb-thc»Exhibitk>Tr hria been ar ranged to take place in St. George's Hall on tlie 20th. 