Tiik supporters of Captain Smart, for Bal rinialil doctorate, seem determined to push their man to the polling booths on next Mon day, though he has never given the consti tuency the benefit of his political creei), or allowed us to have a look at him. Perhaps all this may be in his favour if we only knew the fact aright, but it does seem to us like taking a good joke out of the electors to rush them to the poll for a man who may, so far as we have any means of judging, be more fit for another large house tlum the Sydney St. Stephens. It must surely be worth looking after — to enjoy the' honor of being elected member for this large constituency, and G'apt. Stnnrt might have done us the honour of looking in the face thq man who has con descended to sun us fur our confidence in Parliament. lie may be a very goodlook ing man, of commanding exterior, and fault less in his gnit, his dross and address, a man of gigantic intellect, and well-stored mind, who would secui'Q the breathless attention of Parliament, and of whom we might be justly proml : or he may be an abortion, a noodle, a ii'ii'cp of potter's clay, whose politics will take their shape trom the hands who mould them last. Jf he expects to be elected for this electorate, whilst we are in such glorious ignorance of what he is in any respect, he must think we are a most simple-minded and credulous people. We do not hesitate to say that Capt. Smart is incurring a very grave responsibility iu permitting so much loss of valuable time anil money by silently sanction ing n poll, at which we believe, under present circumstances, he has no more chance of being 'lectcil than has the Czar of Uussin or the Snl tan of Turkey. No fault can be found with those who differ politically with Mr. Shimon in endeavouring to find a man who will, they believe, be a more suitable member for their interests and views than he will be, but it is too great a demand on the publ,ic simplicity to expect that Capt. Smart is the man. Jf the supporters of that person think that the majority of electors is with them iu their policy they .should have arranged their plans better than they have, and gone to the poll under circumstances moro favourable to themselves and their candidate. At present everyone ire meet is inclined to laugh at . them and sympathize with them in the comi cal and undesirable position into which Capt. Smart has, iu his over-weening vanity, be trayed them. They can only slightly, but as far as it. goes they will justly, punish him by withdrawing.his name before the day of poll, and suing him for the expenses to which lie has exposed them. For our own part we never thought he had a ghost of a chance of being elected in preference to Mr. Simson, who is so well-known and respected in the district, and certainly no person who is a stranger to the constituents could expect sac cess iigainst him. The probability, is 'that ah amount of bad feeling will be evoked by this ihow '.of opposition to Mr, Simson, and for this Gapt. Smart will be' very largely chargeable, though we trust that when tho election it over, all nuoh will be forgotten,' and the successful party h« content with chaffing; their opponents, and wishing them more sense and success next tim^ In the meantime the supporters of Mr. Simson should keep in mind that they must bo at the poll on Monday and give their aid to swell the ma jority with which he will be returned as mem ber for Balranald. Since llie above was in type a telegram has been received from Mr. Smart, which wo pub lish elsewhere, staling that ho will be here on the day of polling, and hinting at treachery. ' There may bo treachery on one side or the other, and that may account for Capt, Smart not having published his political programme, but how will ho account for not having pub lished his address to tho electors in the Syd-' ney. papers, which contain Mr. Simson's? Is everybody in Sydney and Balranald a traitor in tho camp of Capt, Smart? We lllUst wait till Monday for the explanation, and are in the .meantime ready to bet a now penny-piece that tho treacherous party will, by taking the linchpin out of the wheel of tho trap which Capt. Smart will have engaged to bring him here, or putting the horses' traces, or some other insidious moans, prevent him from reaching Hay, or any ether part of the elec torate on Monday. This Capt. Smart iB far too Tivacious a man for us. However, should he turn up unexpectedly, we shall be glad to have a look at him, and hear his political faith txpoundeiL Say Hospital Mketikc— Tlie uiu«l monthly meeting1 of tbe Committee «f Manigement of the Hay Hay Hospital, was held nt the Courthouse on Saturday last, when -\1 esira. George Enplin, Alfred TarUkover, nnd John Andrew were present. Sir Andrei! having been voted to tlie chair, the minutes of the last preced ing meeting were read and confirmed. In reply, to questions, tbe. secretary stated that tenders bad been in vited, and two were received, for the work required in connection with the laying1 down of tbe drain pipes at the hospital, but that one tender was too high, and the other had been withdrawn; the subcommittee in tended, therefore, to amend tlie s|iec'i(icition, mid invite fresh tenders, llcgnrilln;* Hie by-laws silb- cnnintlttee, tbe secretary reported that three, attempts had been made to hold a meeting, but no meeting had yet been held, principally owing to the absence of members from Hay. Accounts for the month were then presented for payment, and ordered to be paid, subject to their being found correct, a» follows :— Mrs Kills, washing, £s 18s ; wages to cook, £»; \V. Threlkeld, drain pipes, Sec, £7 0s lOd ; Ah Howe, vegetables, £3 7s Gd ; Jiimc* Clancy, milk, £i ; Uaslbrd and flrace, bread, £.1 lit 2d ; W. Heed, butter and ugs;s, £i 4s ; .las. Dmiuhui- and Bros, £7 Hs; H. C. Armstrong, £12 !ls 11; Pollard and' Maunders, ££)ll.s.|d; Dr. Gordon, mifdi.'al ntteudmice, £12 10s ; salary to secretary, £1 Is 8d. In the nbaenre'. ol Messrs. Hlenctt and Hest, there was no report. iVom the Visiting Committee. Messrs. Usplin and 'l'nrtakover were nppointed Visiting Committee for November. D.vn.r Mail.— A tender lim at last Iwon accepted fora dully mail service between Hay and Melbourne TIib new contractor, Mr I'rederick Puuley, from Quenn bovan, is nlri'ndy actively employed. in mukinjj iirrainre inijnts fur tliu conveyance cd' the uuiils, by ' four-, wheeled eoncli,.one.nr more horses.' The contiact is for the conveyance of six mails each way per week between Hay and b'eniliiiuin, for three years, at £1450 per an num, ilrl'.ioley, we, understand, has arranged for the erection ofa larjie fi'edshed and other buildings at the rear of the Caledonian Hotel, and for stabling along the line. ? 'v No mention has as yet been mndo of the Post master-General's intention to alter the hour of depart ure from Hay si) as to permit of the mails and pas.eu gers arriving in Melbourne within twenty-four hours.; It is probable, lirwever, that a new time-table will come into force at. the beginning of the year. Tn B, hour of arrival uf the Wagga mails at Hay has liein altered to 7 a.m. instead of 10 a.m., m hereto fore; ? ? ' ? ?? ? '?:' ; Postman.— Mr J. V. Knox, who has been in train ing at the General Post Office, Sydney, is expected in Hay early next week, to commence his duties as post man. - ? ? ? Tim ? Vt'ATEinvoitKS. — Tho engine, tanks, and pumping gear for the waterworks, have been shipped lur liny in the Hurrabogie (tcaroer. A portion of the timuer'lia* also been shipped, and tlm remainder was ex pected to be put on hoard the Success yesterday. The reticulation pipes have not yet arrived at Kchuca. If tin; present rise in tlio Miirriimbiilgce is the last for the sensou, then the pipes will just he. too late, and will huve to be brought overland by bullock teams. Hll.l.sroN — A C(-rres|)iiiideut writes a long letter, cnmpluiuiiig that Ilillstou is not a pulling place. We refer him, and any others who may lw under a similar misconception, to' the returning otticer's advertisement in our last number, where Ilillstou. is mentioned as a polling-place. ' ... STATF.'Ain. — We have lately been informed that iuiiiiv inhiihitants of Hiverina are. under the belief that clergyman receive aid from the State, and that, there fore. Voluntary subscriptions are not required. This be lief is totally 'erroneous— tlie grentlimm who preach the gnsiii.'l, nod dispense., the ordinances of the various churches, ure wholly supported by the voluntary contri butions among whom they labour— and their selfdeny ing Mid should at lcn-t bo nc.knuwli-dgeii to the extent of our affording them sullic.ic;it to live upon without * constant cankering care about how to pay for the ordi nary ueeeoitie* of their wive* anil families. Auctioxkehs ipplicitioiis for licenses n» follow, will be considered by the Bench nt the animal meeting on Tuesday, 27th inst. :— \V. Turnbull, George Butter, worth, Patrick Hoyd, John Scott, T. S. liubertiun, — Brav. J. h. Bennett (Darlington Point), and William Churche. Juky Liht.— A special meeting of the Bench has been called *t HaT on the4ti. December, iorthe purpu:* ofrevWng and allowing the jury list for 1878. Small Debts.— Tliu next i-innll debt* court will be held on Tuesday next. Smart is coming! N a cry that has often sounded io our ears during the )iast. tew weeks. Ot late it had grown into disuse, owing to u combination of circum stances that rendered it rather doubtful whether he wus coming or not. Yesterday, however, we were shown a telegram, lo tilt following 'eU'eft :-' To Donald Murray, secretary Hay Free Selectors Association,— Telegram received. Trust all will be right. Sliiill be there for the polling, despite tho treachery. — Jonx Wai.ti:u Sjiaiit.' Hay Hospital.— Report for week ending Novem ber l-th:-Admittcd, 2; discharged, 2; died, 0; remain, ing, 11-. . ? 