MISCELLANEOUS. The Bendigo Advertiser has been shown by Messrs. Rider and Moore, gardeners and florists, of Hargreaves-street, a very peculiar potato. The root in question beai-a an al most perfect resemblance to the head of an aged man, the nose, mouth, teeth, chin and eyes being all defined. To the curious in such matters the potato will prove an in teresting object. | A wreck has been sighted off Hinlacowie Beach. It appeared to be that of a deck vessel. A jury in Alabama, says the Hartbury Reporter, had been impane led in the case of a Mr. Johnson, charged with killing his; wife. The evidence was positive and con-1 elusive, leaving no doubt of his speedy conviction. To the amazement of all, the jury after a short absence returned a ver dict, " Guilty of horse stealing." The judge, astonished, asked an explanation, stating that the indictment was not for borse steal ing but manslaughter. The foreman, with his hand on a large law book, and with an amusingly dignified air, informed the court that " it was not a case of manslaughter, but womanslaughter, for which the law made no provision; but being satisfied that the man deserved hanging they brought in a verdict of horse stealing, which in that county -would be sure to swing him." The United Kingdom Alliance has just received a legacy^ of £600, and tlie National Temperance League one of £300, left by a working man, who by abstinence and economy during thirty years of his life had saved not only those sums, but enough be sides to live upon during his old age. The survey of the Barunga Railway, it is anticipated, will be completed in about a fortnight; and as we understand, the Go vernment has promised that the work of construction will then immediately be com menced. We hope that this promise will be literally fulfilled, that the plans will be out without delay, and that the line will be let in sections, so that working men may form themselves into gangs, and take earth work contracts.—Y. P. Advertiser. It is reported that a religious guild of an extraordinary character has been established in a west-end suburb of London. It is called " The Society of the love of Jesus," and with the single exception of the vicar, who is comparatively a young man, consists entirely of female members between the ages of 16 and 30. Among the stipulations are —that no member will read any book which has not been submitted to the vicar or the lady warden; that they all dress simply and; modestly, avoid all extravagances, abstain! from all improper places of amusement, and: never of free choice attend any place of i worship which is not in union with the Church of England. j The tin lodes of Gippsland appear to be attracting some attention at present. Anj application has been made for a fifteen years | lease of fifty acres on the River Bunyip, for a company to be called " The Falls Tin Mining Company." A terrible affair occurred in Sing Sing, New York, recently. The Herald says that two or three weeks ago Andrew Ludwig, a well-known digger, had a can of nitro-gly cerine. He buried it in the rear of lus garden, thinking it might become of use. One day he concluded to dig it up, and procuring a pickaxe started at his work. Suddenly the pickaxe struck the can, and a fearful explosion occurred. Ludwig was torn into a thousand pieces; the houses in the neighborhood aud the clothing that was hanging on the clothes lines, were spattered with pieces of his flesh and blood. Houses were shaken to their foundation, and win dows in the vicinity were shattered. A hole was torn into the ground five feet deep and ten feet in diameter. Hundreds of people flocked to the scene, and so heavy was the concussion that great alarm was' manifested. j During the passage of the Mary Moore, j from London, a melancholy accident oc curred. An apprentice, George Davies, was! engaged reefing the foretopsail when he lost his hold and fell to the deck. Death was instantaneous. A suburban church is endeavouring to raise funds to clear off a debt of over £2,500, on which interest at the rate of 8 per cent, has to be paid. Contributions, or loans of money without interest, will be thankfully received by the trustees, and the following announcement, from the officiating clergy man, accompanies the. request:—"As a guarantee to strangers in distant places, into whose hands this appeal may fall I may men tion that the principle on which the ministry of this church is conducted is that, at all hazards, and at whatever loss of members or of money, the ' Son of man must be lifted up.'"" The principle is no doubt a very good one, but 1 fail to see the " guarante to strangers in distant places" who lend the trustees money without in terest.—" Atticus" in Leader. On Thursday evening last Captain Biggs enrolled 60 men for the artillery branch. ' A pig, aged two years, was killed at Upper Sturt, recently, and weighed 704 lbs. It had added to its weight about one pound ^Astabbing case has occured at Richmond, Victoria, and a young man named Bishop lies in a precarious state. Several of the Strathalbyn larrilnn ghosts have been figuring in the Magistrate s Court. There appears to be a determined band of robbers prowling about the outskirts of Castlemaine (the Mount AMxander Mail says), but more particularly in the direction of Chewton. Several complaints have been made by parties of their having been bailed up" and malterated, but the most important was that in reference to a cabman named D'Arcy. Xt seems Mr. J. D'Arcy had taken two passengers to Chewton, intending to be back in time for the twenty minutes past 10 o'clock, train. On his return he called at Lamb's Hotel, Chewton. Subsequently, about 2 o'clock the police found the cab near the gas- works, without the driver, the horse coming? back alone 5 suspecting some thing was wrong they took the horse and -cab home and then with lanterns searched the road. After some time they found D'Arcy lying on his back in the middle^ of the road, near Mr Hatch's old bakery, with out his boots, his pockets turned inside out, and severely bruised. He told the police he had been robbed of nine^ sovereigns, ten half sovereigns, and some silver, making up a sum of £16, besides a cheque of £4 10s. The police have information, in their pos session which will it is thought, lead to the speedy arrest of the fellows. Tobacco is extensively cvltivated in the Albury district and hopes are indulged in by many that it will yet become an important industry, and one of the chief sources of revenue. As much as 1,000 tons have been produced this season, and a large quantity of new ground has been broken up with a view to still more extensive operations in this line. In. the Sydney Parliament Mr. Dibhs moved the second reading of a Bill for, altering the volunteer system. The Hon. H. Partes opposed it, and promised to bring j in a Bill dealing with the subject. He | advocated a system similar to that of Ger-1 many. We (Border Watch) are informed that the block of land selected for the Experi mental Farm near Millicent is most unsuit able—that in fact it could scarcely be more so. Mr. Jas. Cock brought the subject be fore the Agricultural Society here last Satur day, and asked their co-operation in getting the site altered. We hope an effort will be made to prevent the commission of such a blunder as attempting to carry out the pro posed experiments on an unsuitable block of land. There is no lack of suitable blocks, and there can be no excuse for jeopardising the success of the enterprise by selecting one that no farmer would willingly choose for his own use. An Echuca telegram to the Argus says a sum of £300 has been raised for the relief of the families of the men who were killed by the recent accident at the Murray bridge. Messrs. Walker and Halliday, the con tractors for the bridge, personally subscribed £150. Divers are at work night and day sinking the river piers. One of these piers has bottomed, and the sinking of the other three is well advanced. With the comple tion of these and two land piers, the whole of the foundations of the bridge will be I finished. All the columns of the Victoria -banks except the junction piers are erected. The dock for the new wharf will be finished shortly. Over 20,000 yards of earth have been taken out of it, and the remainder will be hoisted by steam power. A shocking accident occurred at the resi dence of Mr. Moses O'Do^inell, at the foot of Mount Buninyong. "From what we" (Star) "could glean, Mrs. O'Donnell had left the house to look after something in the paddock, when the elder of four chil dren took a small flask of gunpowder out of a chest, and placing it on the floor began playing with it with a fire-stick, the other children watching, when an explosion took place, severely injuring two of the children, one of whom is likely to lose its sight. The oldest child, who did the mischief, had only a little of his hair singed. A small portion of the roof was blown off." A curious case was heard at the Mary borough Police Court, Queensland, on the 7th ult. It was brought, says the local' paper, by a man named Buzzoli against J. Walker and Co., to recover damages to the amount of £30. From the evidence it ap peared that the plaintiff, who is an Italian gold and silver smith, had given a quantity of silver, obtained by melting down Prussian thalers and silver watch cases, to defendants for the purpose of casting therefrom a chalice or sacramental cup. The stem of the chalice had been cast in his presence, but not the other portions. Oh receiving the pieces of chalice from the defendants, he had set to work to put them together, and on placing the bowl on the fire for the purpose of his work, it melted before reach ing a bright heat. He alleged that this was caused by the bowl and stem being alloyed with some inferior metal, and if the metal he had given had been used by defen dants, the bowl could not have come to the melting state so soon. The parts of the chalice were produced in court, and in ap pearance the bowl and the stand seemed to be of different metal to the stem. For the defence it was alleged that only the one| metal had been used and no inferior metal i had been mixed therewith. The Bench j stated that although the bowl and the stand j did not appear to them to be of the same, metal as the stem, yet they had bo scientific j evidence or knowledge to say that it was j different, or was not the silver delivered to j defendants. The plaintiff then accepted a nonsuit. On Yovke's Peninsula grubs are doing much damage to vegetables. The contractor for the tanks at Bald Hill, Yorke's Peninsula, has fifty men at work and fifteen teams. Mr. Hailes, the rider of Aldinga, the winner of Adelaide Cup, has been presented with a gold watch and chain by a number of gentlemen connected with the turf. We (P*. JP. Advertiser) have news from Kadina to the effect that a notice -was ap pended to an ordinary announcement call ing for tenders for certain work at the j Wallaroo Mines, which will probably cause i some little stir in that locality. The notice conveyed an intimation that as the Wallaroo Mine had not of late yielded returns of justify the Directors in maintaining the full rate of wages, they had resolved to dis continue all tribute pitches, and sustain the tutwork of the mine alone. It was hoped that a rise in the price of copper would | shortly enable them to again employ those j who will be by this step unfortunately | thrown out of work. | Some damage was done in the vicinity of Mount Gamhier on the 27th ult., by a heavy squall. The Tass Courier says:—15,000 sheep came across the Yass Plains, under convey, travelling the statutory distance of six miles a day. They looked in excellent condition, and betoken that the men in charge are no fools on the march. The shepherds can re count some curious tales of their adventures on the wallaby track. How they alighted on the flats of Gundagai on a Sunday morn ing and left not a blade on the common. Their march through the Tumut is full of incident. At Braidwood the .squatters used to camp nightly with the sheep and threaten legal proceedings unless the six miles were accomplished. At Cooma the selectors and their wives belabored the intruders, who left the district quite barren. At Quean beyan they were fined £10, which will be quashed cn application for a prohibition, as it appeared in evidence that the claim was reduced to bring it within the jurisdiction of the Petty Sessions. Since leaving Quean beyan they have been escorted by selectors and squatters, who have heaped maledictions on the head of the owners. The sheep thrived well on this cadging expedition, and are now on their way to the Began. A contemporary says:—The kindly and yet considerate invitation as conveyed in the following advertisement, clipped from a Timarn paper, we should imagine was duly appreciated by those to whom it was ad dressed. " Notice—We shall be happy to meet all our friends whose accounts are over three months standing at the next sitting of the Court, Geraldine. Taylor & Flat in an.—N.B.—Luncheon provided for all those who settle out of Court." The idea is certainly original. 