THE PHILADELPHIA EXHIBITION. The following extracts are from letters re ceived from Mr. S. Davenport by late mails :— , WEEVIL Ef SOUTH AUSTRALIAN WHEAT.. Professor Archer recommended steeping the drying it, but no kerosine is allowed on the grounds, and it is not easy, except at much cost, ta work off the grounds. Professor Baird, of the Smithsonian, recommended Persian insect powder, and I am using that as well as the camphor. Mr. Landreft, Chairman of their Agricultural Board, and a large seed grower, said, '? 'We kill weevil in our peas by camphor, a handful to the bushel, in an hermetically sealed case.' Professor Le Conte said — ^The insect is the * Calandra oryzse' widely diffused. In my experience it destroys insects in Museum collections. I have found a mixture of benzoine (half an ounce) with a pint of carbolic acid produce a vapour, which destroys insects in a very short time. I pour this mixture on a sponge, and place that with the grain in a light tin case, and in half an hour it will have destroyed the beetles, but not their ova, so when these are hatched you must repeat the dose.' Well, I have this process in reserve in case of need, and I record tbe opinion here, as it may interest you or lead to some better plan being made known. 'SOUTH AtTSTEAIJA, ITS HISTOBT AND KB SOtTBCES' — PBESHJJTATION OF COPY TO ME. GOSHOBN. Since I last wrots you I have compiled a catalogue for the British Commission Report, to be laid before Parliament, with a few com ments on the colony; also, have given a state ment to Mr. Goshorn (Director-General) at his request for information he may embody in a general review of the Centennial Exhibition proposed to be published from his office. In acknowledgment he says :— ' I return you my thanks for the very valuable document which you have furnished me for the permanent statistics of the Exhibition, and I take pleasure in advising you of the great pleasure and valu able information I have received in reading the work on South Australia which your Commis sion has so kindly furnished me.' In conversation lately with Mr. Goshorn he said i— 'Few things about the Centennial Exhibi tion have afforded us so much satisfaction as the handsome way in which the Australian Colonies have taken a part in it.' This may be a coloured view of the matter — the general expression of opinion made on the spur of the moment — but as I have before said, there is no question but that the general display of material wealth and illustration of settled civilized life, both of kind and extent, have drawn from the American minds and hearts feelings of admiration and surprise. We have opened out to them the existence of a new world of their own Anglo Saxon race, in which world they see the natural resources for great wealth. SYDNEY EXHIBITION, 1877. I enclose you a handbill re Sydney Exhibi tion, April, 1877, to which some Americans, Canadians, and some of their manufactures will go. Whether some may be induced to go further than Sydney remains to be seen. I advise all I meet to face the customers they desire by going to them, and that once at Sydney the advance to Melbourne or Adelaide is a small matter. But I want to know as far as I can what will be the nature of the goods sent thus to Australia ere I decide what to buy for Adelaide. NABBOW-GATTGE ENGINES, ETC. To-day (October 2) I post to Mr. Mais direct plans of narrow-gauge engines and carriages, &c;, and I hope to gather other information on construction and working promised me. Sydney is likely to purchase railway rolling-stock, and Mr. R. W Cameron writes me he has instruc tions to send 1,000 emigrants to Sydney, the Government nominating him as emigration agent.: He expects to get them at cost to Sydney of £10 per head. BOOK PACKAGE, ETC., PEB HEBE. By the Hebe, to sail from New York in a few days for Adelaide, I send a little waterer as a small present from myself to the Botanic Gardens, as I think it will please Dr. Schom burgk, though a small thing. Its cost you will see and the inventor's address if any of your friends admire it and wish to import. The Hebe is freighted by R. W. Cameron & Co., New York. I also: ship by her a box of publications collected for the Commissioners, except that they include, as the list will indicate, some pub lications for the Hon. the Chief Secretary, referring to the municipal organizations of large cities. These the Chief Secretary asked for by previous mail. I have further subscribed for one year and ordered to be posted to you the following apparently useful publications: — The Santa Barbara Weekly Press and the Albany (N.Y. State) Country Gentleman, the Resources of California, monthly (samples of which are in the Hebe case), and the Chicago Prairie Farmer. These are all, I think, worth a trial, as keeping us aufait on American agriculture, and pub lishing much information of a useful nature iu Adelaide. DRIED MEATS. To-day I tasted some mutton and beef which on August 9 last were dried by evaporation in one of the drying fruit and vegetable machines. I propose buying you specimens. Both these meats, which I have kept in double canvas bags all the time, were in excellent order. Their drying took seven hours. RAINFALL STATISTICS. Mr. Scupham, Engineer, C .P. Railway of California, promised me to send to Mr. Todd, whom I thought they would interest, statistical reports on the rainfall of Central Pacific Rail way Line. CATTLE SHOW. The Cattle Show has been held here. It was relatively much better than the Horse Show. The classes were Durhams, Herefords, Devous, Alderneys, Galloways, and some Dutch. The Canada Durhams and the United States Alder neys I thought far the best. The Herefords were mostly small, and so were the Devons On the whole the Durhams, though well-pointed and square well- framed animals, were mostly too - largerboned : to please me. I send you a catalogue in book box. At the end you will see the scale of points for Judges. They take also the live weighta of fat beasts. The three heaviest bullocks were Durhams, and weighed respectively 2,862 lbs. (seven years old), 2,910 lbs. (six years old), and 3,114 lbs. (seven years old). The fat Galloway cow weighed 1,900 lbs. The Sheep Show being on the 10th instant I hope then to see some of the New England Merinos, which claim to have in them pure Spanish blood of the old original, AMnVEBSAEY OF THB PEJKfSYLVANZAN CONSTITUTION. On October 28 great efforts were made to swell the attendance at the Centennial Exhibi tion. It was a public holiday, and there were fireworks on the grounds in the evening, Two hundred and fifty-seven thousand persons at tended. At present the Exhibition each day is crowded, and a general sentiment is nursed on the success in every way of the undertaking, By the Brindisi mail I hope to announce the complete award list. FBUIT. . A great show of fruit has been held here, but South Australia need not blush for hers. AWABDS. In letter dated October 13 Mr. Davenport says : — The award list is not yet completed. ; It is acknowledged that some oversights have occurred with the Jurors, and a Committee for investigating these has been constituted. I have written the Director in detail on such as I feel sure have happened in our case, and he replies, 'I have referred yonr communication to the Committee of Appeals.' As it is, our awards number 40. I hope we shall muster 10 others, so our proportion to exhibitors should stand out creditably. bagot's extract of heat. His Excellency the Councillor of State for Russia, Bielsky, sends a 12-lb. case of Bagofs extract to St. Petersburg. I have given him full particulars, and explained that an unlimited supply from the best of meat can be procured. SHEEP SHOW. At the Sheep Show are splendid Spanish Merinos, English Cotswolds, South and Oxford Downs, Idncolns and Leicesters. I think we shall get some Merinos to Sydney for April, and thence to Adelaide. Many important machines will also go there, where our people may see them, and as I hope receive them for subsequent examination. Among these is a clam-dredger.of great service. Mr. West-Erskine left for Eng-' land yesterday ; Sir Richmond Barry last week. On October 31 Mr. Davenport again writes:— STREET CAR9. ' Re Street Care.— I post :Mr. B. W. Wright the t-est publication, .*rGSlmore on Streete, Roads, md Pavements.' In letters enclosed to-day, to the Commissioner of Public Works Mrl Wright will see that street rails are not necessarily beaded up with paving stones, but Macadam Hrill do. . ?'.'??? - APPROACHING CLOSE OF THB EXHIBITION. As the closing day of the Exhibition ipproaches we are troubled . with inter ruptions; but each day's work tells some thing. Our desire to secure machinery or Models is working out nicely. All praise is due A3 the efforts, of the Sydney Commission to secure an outcrop of this Exhibition for Aus tralia, in April. Canada and New York 6hip nents will embrace many useful things. I would send you lists if procurable, but of thcae ioliowing are promised, as I personally know . — The millionaire car-axle — an alleged important nvention. . Ramsey's car-truck shifting apparatus. 'Model of clam-dredge used about all these larbour excavations. . The Wharton patent safety railway switch. .Qasburner for heating locomotive tires. Mowers and reapers. Thrashers. Grain and maize crushers, A Baldwin locomotive. Railway cars, &c.; Watching the list thus possibly to come under he eye of Australians in their own country or perhaps Adelaide may arrange with Sydney for their Exhibition at Adelaide after he Sydney Show), and waiting to have the -pinion of Jurors on machinery, I have delayed juying what our spare funds may permit till ihese last days. Of things already selected for Adelaide I name the following — decision on )thers is pending further enquiry — namely : — Of r fruit-drying . machines, two kinds — 1st, 1 The Pacific f 2nd, ' The Portable.'. Of stump-extractors, three kinds — 1st, ' The Pioneer f 2nd, u Davis ;' 3rd, ' Little Grant.' Of hay-presses— Attar's ' Hand Power.' Of horse-rakes, two kinds— Canadian and American. A hay-loader— very useful, I hope. Ploughs, three kinds. Potato-diggers, two kinds. Sowers, two kinds — hand and cart. Cultivators, one on Gang plough principle. A winnower — Dickey's. A honey-extractor. A horse-power machine, applicable for wood :utting, charTcutting, &c.; Poethole diggers, two dozen. A 'cider press, for farmers and small gar deners; and sundry small things, of which more by-and-by. I shall select ether things ere the closing day, find all our selections will, I think, leave New fork by ship sailing to Melbourne on Decem ber 1. I shall get a collection of seeds and 3ome- useful garden tools. BE BAGOT'S EXTBACT. Several large chemists have inspected it, and it is well regarded ; but they all say the South American Liebigs have got the hold of this market, and even after much advertising they doubt if room could be found for others. I recounted our 40 awards. No final list is yet out. We are sure to have more. Some of the caskwtne at New York is sold. I wrote to London, but our market there is not encouraging. Believe,' if all goes welL that Australia will get the benefit of this Exhibition. The following is the latest letter received From Mr. Davenport : — j United States Hotel, Nov. 27, 1876. Dear Mr. Coates — Your letter of the 11th October, with the drafts of further letter which the ghost of a telegraph from New Zealand had arrested towards completion, reached me on the 23rd, and I thank you for them. My last to you was dated October 31. Since then I have posted to you newspapers recording the closing of the Exhibition. At that date I thought I scarcely should be in Philadelphia, having cal culated that ten days would see all wound up. Actually, however, the 17th day does not find all done, nor will this be the last letter I shall write you before leaving America. In this delay I am not alone. Mr. Mackay, of Queensland, is the first and only one off, but as he had sold nothing, and had but to ship his exhibits back to London where they were duly received, neither Customs formalities, nor time taken in distribution of sales, &c;, were a drag on him. Tasmania is the next to go, and then, I think, I am the nearest ready. Still, I cannot say positively till all the shackles are off. 'When all the packages for exportation are com plete I will send you the list, and in time ac count for the disposal of every exhibit. Here, I may remark, that after deducting samples which have been distributed, as per paper en closed,; the wool was sold in bond at a uniform price of 14d. per lb. greasy, and 20d. for the scoured. Statement enclosed. It is not yet delivered, waiting Customs entry, though all japers are complete. Thirty emu eggs were sold at S3 apiece, the lalance being reserved as presents in recognition cf courtesies received. JEWELLERY. All Steiner's jewellery is disposed of at in voice prices, save one inkstand, £30, which, ifo cot got rid of here, I will take to London, saving duty he*J, and I hoj-e to sell it there. Wendt's coted inkstand (from the alarm a supposed robbery occasioned) is also sold at invoice price. Ihe Colonial Commissioners wishing to notify their obligation to the British Executive for their free grant of use of furnished rooms at St. George's House, within the Exhibition grounds, as well as the general good feeling and disposition to give all friendly aid and in tercourse to thi) colonial representatives, are buying Wendt's inkstand for presen tation to Colonel Stanford. I, of course, on behalf of your Committee, take a share in the purchase, which will probably be £10. This re ference to Wendt's jewellery leads me to ex plain that after receipt of your second invoice from Mr. Wendt some months since I could come to no other conclusion than that norobbery had occurred, and that the one case, where nothing but a footboard and some red plush glass edging with broken glass had been found, had in reality nover contained anything else, save that the glass when packed was not broken, and therefore that the footboard and gimp belonged to the oue inkstand, which I had re ceived in another ewe all right. Then arose the question, how bad I so long thought other wise? The causo lay in the wording of the packages on the original schedule. There each case — S.A.C. over '67 and SJLO. over 25— was described as containing collection of jewellery; whereas,| in fact, the board and gimp and glas3 alone could not be termed 'collection of jewellery,' as I read it. However, 'All's well that ends well.' SHEEPSKINS DRESSED. Some sold and some reserved for donations. , DRESSED SKINS. Have mostly, with all the specimens of natural history supplied by Mr. Waterhouse, gone to the Smithsonian Institution at Wash ington, from whom in return we are to receive natural history specimens illustrative of this continent, the preparation and sending of which will occupy more time than will permit of their going to A.delaide by same vessel as our return exhibits do. DESIGN TBOM SKINS OF NATIVE ANIMALS. Some sold, some donated, as I shall fully ex plain eventually. CEREALS AND OTHER FARM SEEDS. What were left from weevil have been distri buted in various directions to foreigners and the people of the United States. From some I have seeds in return; from others and numerous foreigners and country institutions the occasion of their getting samples afforded me much op portunity for conversation, and enabled me to illustrate the 6ort of country Australia was. Be it in wheat, or in dried fruits, or wax models, wool, wine, ores, or photographs in their separate . or aggregate exhibits, the effect upon the Ameri can mind has been most striking. It is not un common to hear the remark that the Australian Colonies formed the most interesting part of the Exhibition. The force which impressed people with this idea was due to the varied and excel lent indications of material wealth and material comfort which they for the first time in their lives saw before them aa the products of coun tries they had been accustomed to regard as almost uninhabited, or at least in a very low state of settlement and civilization. To this feeling, too^ I have seen added one approach ing admiration and brotherhood, based on surprise, thatthe Australian Colonies should have taken so ready and extensive interest in'Erhlbi tions, and that our illustrative statistics and pro ducts proved us to be worthy members of the great Anglo race, in the qualities assigned to which ; the American himself feels proud of possessing a good share. As a sequence there cannot be a doubt thai oat of this Exhibition commercial relations will spring up in various ways, andbre long many will come and inspect us with whom the thought never had footing before. In the general distribution of exhibits lam risking a Tittle blame by a departure from the letter of , introduction in one or two things.! Mr. Keynes's wool goes back to Adelaide in its own' showcases, set up well after the 'damage of ' Skerryvore.' Mr. Angas's samples : of wool, with photographs, in their two frames, and copper and silver hammered specimen also go back, &s; the before-a::raed .direct from Xcw York to Adelaide. But in the following oase I am making a dttour at least ; that is, I am gendiog them to London, whence, if wished by their owners, they con be sent direct to Ado-1 laide or otherwise ; and the reasons of my thus acting with latitude are aa follows: — In common with other Colonial Commissioners I have 'been asked to send to London any spare exhibits which may be thought suitable for a proposed Colonial Museum, to be constructed upon a large imperial scale. ' l A few things were in hand suitable for such a purpose, and some of them woro left here ' at the disposal of the Commissioners.' Of these we^Miss Gray's wax models of fruit — very truthful' representations and very attractive hero as they would be elsewhere, their only fault being too limited in number. An award' is given them here. These fruits illustrate out climate, and suggest by their delicious appear* ance that the country they grow iu i» a desirable ?ountry to dwell in. The grapes, figs, almonds, [oquats, oranges, citrons, lemons, with apples, pears, currants, strawberries, and plums, preach directly to the sense of the inspector. They have always attracted crowds here, and induced no end of conversation. I have packed them in their glass case as exhibited here, and they may reappear the same in London. To the same destination is packed in its glass case, ready to open out and be exhibited as hero in a few minutes, Wurm's cocoons and spun silk: That always here attracted attention — that kind of attention which arrests passers-by, and they stop and go out of their way to examine, and are pleased and rendered in quisitive thereby. I have often heard people, if ter looking at the things, ask ' What country is this ? Oh, this is South Australia.' run kmu ecius. The emu eggs set up iu jewellery, being so perfectly novel to the visitors — ' nothing like them anywhere else'— liavo been useful attrac tions, advertising our colony. TUB COOKONCHTE. The Coorongite in its glass case I send also to London to a class of men who will regard it with much interest. Souio have sampled hero under microscopic examination, and I am to got their reports. THE GOLD QTTARTZ. The gold quartz from the Northern Territory I send also to London together with the framed bet of photos (two in all), illustrative (in the one case) of the telegraph line structure, and in the other of Port Darwiu and surroundings ; and though Mr. Dutton has probably counter parts of these, yet as they are set classed in neat and good frames, I thought it bent not to separate them from the gold quartz of tho Northern Territory, of whoso riches therein it may prove a small but truthful witness. GOYDEU'S STATISTICS. The five framed Goyder's statistics, too, Ihavo packed for London; for though statistics, like law books, soon are surjwissed, yet for a season these will answer, and the frames they are- in will be good enough for many successors. CRAlUfs MALACHITE. Crabb'a malachite and Mr. Angas's two spotted emu skins and tho two glass eases of Mr. Angas's Lincoln ewe and lamb skins I have also packed carefully nnd sent to London liko the foregoing, and it is in these I depart from the strict reading of the instructions. For tho credit of tho colony on the opening of tho Colonial Museum I hope thi'.ie gentlemen will allow these interesting exhibits to play u part, were it only for a season. Bagot's sample caso goes back to Adelaide. Tho stripper and Captain Hancock and Mi*. Sandcru's machines also. The 114 clear glass bottles iu which our wines have been shown I send you, with the nickel plated frame and walnut board on which tho bottles stood. So if you wish we can raise tho like at our Agricultural Shows, defining to visitors' eyes the colour of tho wiues exhibited so Jlittle now. Cameron lias secured us freight to Adelaide at the moderate rate of 37s. Od. per ton. I am greatly obliged to him for tho books. I enclose you the lists of bookR, &c;, contents of cases branded ' C. J. Coates, Adelaide.' Many of these books, &c;, are of much value. Many refer to railways, technological institu tions, sewerage, &c;, &c;, as you will see. Thero arc also seeds of American indigenous trees for others cultivated here, including tho sugar maples of New England, so iiii]-ortant and valuable tree there, though perhaps not suited to our climate, unless Mount Gambior or Yankalilla. Mr. Laudrcft, of tho Bureau of Agriculture, alone sends us 109 packages of culinary vegetable weeds. Mr. Parkinson, Superintendent of United States Coast Survey, lias given mo iu a caso ready packed a selection of 100 coast flurvey charts, which I shall send you. The.se wero accom panied by publications from his department of great interest, and which are iu lists now Rent you. I have yet another sin to ackuowledgo in expiation or explanation. As I write you again within a fortnight, I close now with saying that 1 can then add what additional machinery has been purchasud, &c;, and enclose you bill of lading. I have fixed to leave America by the Ohio steamer from hero for Liverpool on December 1«1, but before going I want to visit tho Cornell Agricultural College — the renuted best in tho States. 