'???'?' m POCKET& ;-.^'''' '?;' ;l?h'e:pMgenJ6;i3a''^9ekpt-'iBgeytKe; idea of tlie, pocket,' ihaa entered into almost every phase of life -, and' we. can- hardly dive very deepinta our pocketa without causing our souIb to wince ! We are moved by a tv/ofol4 impulse — to discover pocket analogies in Nature and the world, and to reduce JSTature and the- world to pocket compass. In obedience to the former, we talk of nights dark as a pocket, of pocketing affronts, of a pocket conscience, a pocket 'sheriff, a pockefe |liero '; call Monaco- a pocket kingdom, and in short ring a thousand changes on tho theme, such. as will recall themselves to any one. In the1 other direction, besides our old familiar pocket biblo?, pocket pistols, pocket dressing-cases, and pocket overcoats, we are getting pooket bath-tubs, pocket easels, pocket bedsteads, pocket canoes, and pocket: shelter-tents. At this stage- we need no' prophot to herald tho man wuo shall live in a well-furnished pookct-mansion, driro out? ih.hpocket stcam-'qarriago, profess- a pocket religion, yield up 'a pocket gHost, and bo 'interred' in a pockot cofBn. A formidablo monster,' truly, is this pocket— a sort of Frankenstein; which we have set a-gqing, but ; cannot control. 'In order to-' realise the fact that our pockets are, in reslitv, 'our other selves (and riot onr secondary selves, either), wo havo only to imagine the reception which, an individual destitute of pockets, and of what goes into them, would meet with in a civilised community. Ho would bo lost, shuuned, a pariah, au outcast, unsuccorod and unboliaved in. Men are suspicious of tho most engaging stranger until they have, at. least figuratively, pioked his pockets ; and would look askanco at thbir best friend wero ho to turn up some morning pocketless. Moro ouroly than the apparel the pocket now pro claims tho man, TTo know one another through our pockets ; wo lovo, and marry, n'iitl nro divorced through our pockata j wo fight, or abstain from lighting at tho instance of our pockets ; in' doferotico to our pockets wo murder, steal, and Ho. Whou a dead body is fonnd, wo took, to identify it, tirat in its pookbto, nnd only afterwards in its face ; and that suicidomtist indeed despise lifo who will empty his'pookets boforo committing tbo rash net. A prisoner's pookots are sa.irchoit, as a sign that ho is honoefbrth dopnsod from his position as a responsible luunan being. Tho teat of our power ovor a man ia our hold upon his poplccti aud there nro pro bably fow slaves so abjoot; na not to possess at loaat ouo small foD\itn.rlflod. It ia a re markablo anomaly in our code of justice that pookot-pioking is not ruado tho capital otfonce, sinco it is th6 piokpogkot who injures us lu our most vital part. Uu ia tho b.inoof our goneratlon, Jxo commits tho'uu*' pardonable ain, his hanil ia against , ovory ' man, andevory mau'a liab'd ia agaiuat! him. ilia most appropriate . and what torriblo pv'.niahmtMvt would bo to bo oast adrilivpon tho world, for over disqualified froiu yn*™*K a pocket ; but anoh r BQUtoaco tho atoruoafr of judgca would ohiuidor to intli^ andthos wrotohod criminal would plo^d r|of- ui«toy amUhaltor. Aa might. bo oxuovited frow, what hna boon nlroady Rdvanoodj pookoU wo rn ninny w^yaa subtle and tr««twp)ttt»yiiMlox Of oharaotor: iu foot «wJk»W^-rto «^-* word-io quite a8 woll AYortU atudyin8 A3 either phtonoloav, pahuiBlry, or»gr*wm» of our faU«w»\|iook«l^...|hol»v«9otwHb:bft tho popular ,-,»*y»; .-t» whioh jthosTW WRnlpuUtad, , wo tMtuOhflwl tl»«u rloV in FwhvoniiWo . UUo*1*, jJjiop-rAi ,tho oak««ibl«» o*p»oiy of dopu^i .MiMrtwI^iawuMr, spw. . aouli of'ttevcWlottl wutorufirt (comludlr, lilt wo^tinlupiM^, tkiit. bu- ikoc^^tar^ol poQliota.v w-4 Inihiii Ulan* doi»,4h« &$!?&« fnwlom of ohoJoTH* luMW%b«b*afcft& bi3;gen«fafcion^that,diBCfption i» tho,. better ^xtt'Ot despotism;; /-and that e.r marl v;il£ - sooner Ottbtait to; wearing .& /ftaliionable vbnip i jacket than; to, feeing^ jftve|rsled-«-e7€n pinft« | f(Bhiouablft,direcUon-^r} bi^, pockets, . , Ac I ooKdit-gly,thUl yopng =9we}l-' ofith&_haw7h*}T | type orders his trouacjr-pockets to be cafe f vertically doVn the Bfaro- j while tbat^thtar,. who belongs? rather to the horsey.onlery and wears heavy ring3, broad , sleeve-buttona,, fancy acarf-pin, and glittering watch-chaiB^ must have bia open, horizontally- in front cfii the. hip.. Mark, again, tho gulf that divide? the gentleman whose harjdkf-rcb?ef peeps from on ontside breast pnekotfrom him v^ao wears it m,y»teriously within ; how different are both from tho respectable personage who produces Ills bandanna from the skirt* ot hi? black-frock ; ancl how cupenor are all three to the\: wretch who smuggles his 'wipe' into tho pocitf?t of his tiousera! fHere ia a school-boy ; he carc3 little for the appearance of his pockets, so th'at they are deep and stout, as his nature - a ardent and insatiable. Yonder coinec a yellow-clawed ptockbroker who will have buttons put to- his pockets S and after him a commercial traveller,- whose pockets are a speciality. Next — but space fail3 U9, and we must cut this, procession short. ,r , * , ;When. .we see an unkempt, anxious indi vidual, who refers- on all occasions to a sequestered inner breagfc-pocket* as though. he owned nothing that wa3 not invaluably we know-him for an injured bankrupt os a deserving refugee. A timid, retiring nature is prejudiced in favor of wal3fccoat pockety because he can get in and out of them readily and inconspicuously. Lirge, pompou3 men, on the contrary, lo/e to fetch thingd from their tail-pockct3, with, a grand sweep and a flourish. The bald-headed, complacent phil anthropist .rejoices in wide, baggy pooketa, to hold the overffiiwings of Ms heart : foot pads- and suspicious characters like baggy pockets too, generally in their overcoat3. A rich country aqttire, with cheery voice ? and broad shoulders, prefera doing business with the side-pocketa or his knickerbocker sack coat, which are accessible off-hand, and with out bothering. Andastherearepocketsproper to different types of men, so also are there pockets peculiar to all the seven ages, from the child, with his single trooser-pocket, to the lean and slippered paptaloon, who feels for his tremulous snaff-box and gold-bowed spectacles. To that branch of onr subject which deals with the manipulation of pectefcj we -havo scarcely left ourselves room to allude, though it involves much that ia curious and interesting. Pockets are a great assistance in striking attitudes, and a man's attitudes betray him. Insolent wealth thrnats its hands into ifc3 trousen packets, rattles it3 money at you, and measures you from your head to your boota. There S3 a species of jaunty exquisite, who poises his white forefinger and thumb in the pocket of his waistcoat. There ia a bluff, Btern browed man, who shoves his fiats defiantly into the aide pockets of his roundabout jacket; there is . the ielderly, old-fashioned gentlemen, who gets his slender hands into the pockets of his broadcloth skirt-coat, and turns his back upon the fire. But all these are not a tithe of the discoveries which re ward the student who looks at life through a pocket, lens. On the whole, it appears that the smaller a man's nature, the more self conscious and fussy, the greater bia de pendence on pockets. But the man who ignores pqoketa proves the wealth of hra internal resources. Heroes make litllo account of them — put their hands in them only for tha purpose of taking goniething out to do good with. The hands of simple, great, preoccupied men, hang by their sides, awkwardly perhaps, but respectably. Pockets are anti-Christian — at least the apostles had none — and we shall look, for them in vain in, the New Jerusalem. The ideal ia pocketlesa. — Examiner. 