r\v'r 1 - " " '"r . " " ' " ' ' "" $£W£SAL «WS. The Times Parliamentary report of the 21st February contains the following with reference to the Russian squadron at San Francisco : — M Captain Pim inquired of the First Lord of the Admiralty whether his attention had been drawn to the following statement in The Times of the 1m. .d February last : — ' Russian Ships of War. — sends us a note, dated 9th January, received by him from San Francisco on Wednesday morning : — " There is a small fleet of Russian corvettes in the bay, here. They are waiting for English vessels which oome here for wheat m the event of a European war. I think they have thirteen men-of-war." ' Whether it was true, as stated by the Globe of the 13th January, that 'to oppose eleven Russian war vessels England had but seven ships in the Pacific, carrying but fifty-six mms. ' And, further, whether the statement in the Globe of the 6th of February was true, to the effect that ' should Euglaaul .si with Turkey, this Russian squadron will be conveniently near to Esqui- mault, the British North Pacific naval station, which is comparatively unprotected, and con tains an immense quantity of naval stores and ammunition.' Mr. Hunt: My information does not agree with that quoted by the hon. and gallant member. (Laughter.) It is to the effect that, on the 24th of January, there was at San Francisco a Russian squadron consisting of one corvette, two gun vessels, and three gunboats. (Laughter.) The hon. and gallant member seems, by his questions, to anticipate an out break of war between this countrj7 and Russia. That is an anticipation in which I do not share, our relations with that empire being of a friendly character. Should, however, British interests be threatened from any quarter, in any part of the globe, I hope the House may rely upon Her Majesty's Government taking proper steps to afford them protection. (Loud cheers.)' Sir. John O'Shanassy (says the Sydney Echo ) in addre .ting the electors of Belfast, repeated a yery common mis-statement, which, in the interest of historical accuracy, as well as for the reputation of this colony, deserves to be cor rected. "New South Wales," he said, "had formerly a free-trade tariff, and then she at tempted a little protection ; but she has since seen the error of her ways and gone back to free trade again." This is a very common way of stating the case, and it is not true. What is true is that for a period of nearly ten years we submitted to ad valorem duties, and then re pealed then. But it is not true that we tried 4 little protection. These duties were imposed strictly as revenue duties, and at a time of very great financial pres sure. The revenue had declined, and was not equal to the expenditure. The manager of the bank where the Government account was kept was calling attention to the overdraft, and iutimating' hesitancy about further advances. Debentures were in London awaiting sale in order to furnish funds for the prosecution of public works. In order that lire then outgoing mail might facilitate the sale of those debentures by taking the news that the revenue had been increased by new taxation, the Government brought forward a scheme which contained a proposal for increasing the duties on tea and sugar. It was defeated, and the financial situation was very embarrassing. The bovern- men$ was then urged by its friends to substitute a scheme for ad valorem, duties, which was done. These duties were as sented to, but with very great reluctance, and only as a matter of urgenc-. It was doubt less true that the protectionist party in the colony rejoiced at the imposition of these duties, as being a step in the direction of pro tection ; but it is not true that the Government propose- 1 them in a protectionist spirit, or that the Assembly accepted them in that spirit. In New South Wales we h -;ve never had such a thing as a protectionist tariff' carried by a pro tectionist Government. In Victoria they have, and this constitutes the fiscal distinction between the two colonies. Both have had ad valorem duties : but in Ne»v S_uth Wales they were Strictly for revenue purpose?, put on at a time of depression, and taken off" at the earliest period at which the state of c.:c revenue allowed of their disappearance. In Victoria they were put on avowedly for protectionist purposes, and have been maintained for those purposes ever since. The appointmeut of the following justices of the peace is announced in a supplement to the Government Gazette issued on Tuesday : — In the Central Bailiwick : Alexander Ebling Aitken, Sandridge ; J aines El worth j', Sandridge ; James Garton, Melbourne ; John Muuday, Dande- nong ; Peter Mitchell, Lancefield ; William Taylor, Kensington; John Hilson Halliburton, Pringle fiauk, Essendon. In the Midland Bailiwick : Woodford J. W. Patchell, Kerang. In the Southern Bailiwick : James Volum, Gee- long ; Adam Bae. Colae. In the Western Bailiwick : William Walter Hood, Barton, Moyston ; Robert Roraney Crawford, London derry. Mr. P. MTutyre, of Braybrook, has sustained within the past few days some severe losses. On Monday morning he found that his valuable stallion, A&hburn;, had died very suddenly. He had refused £400 for the animal only last week. Within twenty- four hours after he found that 123 sheep had been smothered, and sixty-four turkeys died from drowning. The two latter causes are, it is thought, attributable to the worrying of some strange dogs in the neighbour hood. The former death is believed to have arisen from inflammation. Mr. Graham Mitchell is to make a post-mortem examination in order to clear up the mystery. The following tenders have been declared the lowest received for the various contracts adver tised by the Railway Department : — Passenger station ai Biiivkehl (seven tenders), Isaac Sum- merland, £1,176 Ss. 10d, : ticket store at Spencer street station (fourteen tenders), James Moore, £226 4s. lld. Two hundred screw couplings — eighteen tenders were received for this contract, and the two lowest have been re ferred to tbe Acting Locomotive Superin tendent. A serums accident occurred on Thursday evening last at the South Clunes Tribute shaft. The engine -mau, Thomas Bonds, who is well- known as secretary of the Rechabite Tent, and was some time secretary of the Miners' Associa tion (says the BaUarat Courier ), was placing some long timber in the cage, when, stepping into it, it commenced to descend the shaft, which is over 400ft. deep. A mate, named Barkle, who was by, ran to the engine, and finding the brake adrift threw himself upon it, and sue- ceeded in checking thepagetosome/ extents But it had got so much way that he tyASunable to prevent its going to the bottom with terrible force. The unfortunate eceup&nt;, .who is a men of great nerve and powerful frame, met with -a shock that broke his ankles and crashed down his whole body badly, so that for a time hiB life was despaired of. He was, however, taken to the hospital, and is in a fair way of recovery. The same strong man, a few years ago, received a blow in the forehead from a mass of falling quartz, that crashed in the skull aud left a dint that would almost admit a man's thumb. A recent intercolonial paper publishes the fol lowing:— "A rumour is now currently re ported that the officers of seme of the four men- of-war belonging to Rusteia, and stationed at present in San Francisco, have actually had' the ' insolence to have letters for thr . . addressed to the Melbourne Host-office, to be !>J't till called for. It would thus appear that, tee alarm 1 by some Of the/Melbourne folks re the -pbssi« bilityof a visit from a Russian fleet is not? £0 absurd." The Deniliquin correspondent of the Riverilie Herald writes : — " Drinking on Sunday in Deniliquin is carried on to an alarming extent.; > The bar parlours of the various publichouseS are as fall with men drinking as they are on a weekday, the only difference being that the bar door is shut. : Certainly human nature sinks very low at rimes, and when a number of' individuals are congregated together drinking and gambling on the day of rest, human natareis about at its lowest depths, and only divided by a thin partition from the infernal regions beyondty- ' In consequence of the want of water Sin the interior, large hordes of wild dogs have cotoe down as far as Deniliquin, where they arh play ing sad havoc with the fat sheep, especially ih the neighbourhood of Wanganella. " - i - ? Regarding the coming execution of the Kan- , akas, convicted and sentenced to death for an outrage on a woman at Maryborough, the Brisbane Courier of Tuesday observes : — "If the death of the two men nnder sentence is to be made use of te deter others of thqir race from the commission of crime, they will be hanged in Maryborough, in the presence of as many of the islanders as -can be mastered in from the plantations for the, express purpose of witnessing the execution. We are entirely op posed to public executions as a rule, and rather incline to the opinion that they do not serve to deter the European races from crime ; bnt we . think there is reason to believe That with these islanders an exhibition of our power to avenge outrages of the kind referred to, and the demon stration that we do avenge them, might do much good, aud could not possibly do any harm." A fatal accident occurred on Friday evening (says the Evelyn Observer) on the Queenstown road. It appears that Mr. Mark Bunker had come up from Melbourne, where he resides, to record his vote at Queenstown, and on return ing to Kangaroo Ground in the evening, and whilst riding rapidly round a turn in the road, near l'anton Hill, he fell from his herse, in con sequence of its shying, alighting on his head, aud causing fracture of the skull and almost instant death. The question whether the Chinese shonld exercise the franchise (says the Maryborough Advertiser ) was raised during the late1 election. A number of Mongolian ratepayers offered to vote, but at the court-house booth, presided over by Mr. D. O'Leary, they were refused. Subsequently Dr. Laidman, returning officer, directed that their votes should be accepted. The Chinese had been well tutored, and the majority of their votes, we understand, were cast for the successful candidates. The attention of a gentleman in theTJmar&lla; district was attracted by a large black eagle- hawk flying about 40ft. above the ground, the bird having what appeared to be a piece of rope in its talons. The rope (says the Manaro Mer cury) seemed to wriggle about, and it was soon observed to take a lively form. A neighbour or two took notes, and it was made apnarent that the eaglehawk had in its clutches a snake abont 5 ft. in length. The snake was held near the tail. As the hawk soared in mid-air the snake would rise to attack its enemy, when the bird would give it a shake and parry the attack of the snake. Higher and higher rose the eagle, until it attained the height of perhaps 100ft., aud making for the gullies it was lost to view. There are a great number of typhoid fever' cases at present in the hospital (says the Mount Alexander Mail), one of which proved fatal on Saturday, the victim being a boy named Francis Kettyle, aged twelve years. Croup is very prevalent amongst children at Castlemaine just now. During the past week t ,vo fatal cases have been reported. The Government offer a reward of £50, which has been supplemented by another, £50 from the shire council, for the discovery of the person or persons who set Are to the offices of the shire council of Belfast, whereby The pre mises were totally destroyed, on the night of : Thursday, the 3rd May instant. The Rangitikei Advocate gives the following particulars of a fetal gun accident which re cently occurred at New Zealand : — " A melan choly accident occurred on Saturday last, when Mr. Randolph, of Karere, near Palmerston, of the firm of Randolph and Walker, farmers, was accidentally shot dead by his partner, Mr. Walker. It appears that the partners had pro ceeded to the bosh to lookout some totara trees ' for splitting purposes, Randolph going first and carrying a billhook, which he used for ciitting supplejacks. Walker followed with a fowling piece. Whilst in this position the fowling-piece suddenly went off, the charge entering at the back of Randolph s head and Breaking his jaw. Walker called to him, but, receiving no answer. posted to town for medical assistance. Several neighbours were on the spot soon after the acci dent occurred, but found that the unfortunate man had ceased to exist." Two toilers on the _deep, who reside in New castle (says the Daily Pilot) recently purchased a very smart; little ketch of six or seven, tons burden from the master of aTTBTnch barque ly ing in the harbour/ They 'UaVubd/'tiiifetf/eraft, which had very comfortable quarters below, the Myrtle, and a fortnight ago, -wont' towards Port Stephens on a fishing cruise. They Were very successful; secured a quantity of fish,' and got a good load of oysters. But bad weather bame on, and for two or thfee days they tried, but without avail, to make the land. ' Then- their water and provisions ran out, and for two days' they had to live on oysters. The ketch now became disabled, and things would have probably gone hard with them had the Pomona, schooner not fqiwd them . $heygrara>takmioeu board, and the disabled ketch was towed wita dcty for .some distanced At last the linn gave way, ana in the. rough weather the piaster of the Pomoha had tojjiVb up the idea of trying to takSber into pdirri' The schooner arrived at Sydney yesterday week. (,T6 the two men the loss is a heavy one ; bat They Wbre fortunate in escaping with their lives in so violent a gale. A correspondent of the Auckland Star states that Hobart Pasha, the present admiral of the .Turkish fleet, served on board H.M.S. Calliope in New Zealand, on which he was known as the " wild midshipman." On one occasion he was confined for two days in the guardroom at Wan- ganui, owing to a scrape. He was in charge of a gunboat in the attack on the Maoris at Porirua. < A ideliherate attempt was made on Monday morhing (states' the Mount Alexander Mail) to barn down a/ dweliinghouse joining Fyans's Railway hotel, Castlemaine. In one Of the iOb'n s slept an old mini named Henry Roberts, ahd me of the handh femtfioVisd sit thO wOolieh /factory.' ' 1 Qn'Mphday moriffhg, ' hbout half-pksjb ' /Jqftlockthif dld.'iriis-rohsed hfewtiibah, ""aOd jbold5 hiM' tfirtm for'tis life as the pla&e; was On 'fire ; he dt fence jujnped out of bed, Ondsqe- ing the place f till o'f/kineke, quickly madehis esfahpe and gave the alarm.' . Mr. Ityans at onoe ran fin, and saw. tbt' the wall ofthe. kitchen, -'/which is built of" timber ahd papered, was in a bl&e;, : and quickly! extending to the room/ ; by rife dexterous use of a couple of buckets of Water the firewextiBguished, and itwasthen discOvered that the bqarils in another 'jiaOft of ' the room had also /been fired, but owing .prOB bahly to being satorated by the rain of / the'pre-1 \\.vibtiS -night, thOy had paOt ignited properly.1 M /the meantihie the old . man had " left the "pre- ' Wiisep and gone : towards the town ;r he VWaST ffnickly followed and taxed with the offence When he, without the slightest hesitation, ad mitted that he bad purposely set fire to the building in order te get into gaol. He was then arre8tea, and placed in the lock-hp, charged with! the crime. . ! Friday.next, the 18th May, is proclaimed a banlc holiday at Caster ton. The Melbourne correspondent of tbe Hamil ton Spectator is good' at what the Americans call a " tough yarn." His last item is the fol lowing : — " New chums, though the victims of a good deal of harmless chaff; are generally pretty smart in their way. I mentioned a case the father day in which a young swell, a pas senger by a mail steamer, contri ved te ease a confiding' Queensland squatter of a consider able sum of money, borrow! to provide for the purchase of a station in Queensland, the remit- tances the young man expected not1 having ar rived. I hear now of a case in which the tables were turned. A young gentleman ' recently came from England, also by mail steadier, and i on the voyage he made the jolly acquaintance of a fine old fellow, who was a Queensland squatter. The young fellow wanted a station, and the old fellow sold him jland, stock, and all for £35,000. The nam?, boundaries, locality, etc., were all speci fied in the agreement, and the money was paid in Melbourne. The young fellow then set cat for Queensland, accompanied by some yonng English friends, to take possession of his property. He searched the length and breadth of Queensland, but' no ' sash station as that his mend had sold him was to be found in all the; land.- He returned as quickly as possible to Melbourne in search of ms astute friend, but he had vanished from the flags of Collins street. He was no more seen abont Scott's. It was as hopeless to look for him as it waiB to search for the station, which existed only in the airy imagination of the seller. " . , The InvercargiU Weekly Tirnee writes : " Some of the farmers tell us that in this dis trict, though the rabbits have decreased a little, the swamp, turkeys are as ; numerous as ever, and as destructive as the rabbits to the grain. One Winton farmer lately had three-quarters of an acre of wheat in stooks completely eaten up so as to be utterly worthless. It is said that in some places the birds have become so con ning that instead of taking the trouble to fly at the grain in the ears, they stand on the ground and cut off the dry stalks with their beaks as cleanly as if a reaper had been at work, and while the ears are lying on the ground, eat them at their leisure. - The Dunolly Express understands that the Government prospecting party the other side of Kingower has come across a run of deep ground, the shaft being over 100ft. in depth, without signs of bottom. One of those instances of attachment existing between horses (says the Ararat Advertiser of the 12th inst.) was thoroughly exemplified a few days ago in the case of an Ebor filly, owned by Mr. Thomas Walker. That gentleman, who is at present carrying out a large Government con tract a few miles from Sandhurst, Removed a number of horses -to the place, aud ainongst others the animal alluded to. When there the filly conceited a' strong friendship for one of the grey cart horses; which in turn reciprocated the attachment, guarding its aristocratic companion from attacks by any of the rest with great jealousy. . The two were generally te he seen together, and when1 working hours- were over they were Inseparable. The grey horse was sent last week to Ararat, and Mr. Walker also went there, performing1 the journey principally by rail. Oh the morning after his arrival here he proceeded to the farin, and the first object that attracted his attention was the Ebor filly, covered with sludge and sweat, grazing beside the entranoe. 'When the gate was opened, it dashed across the paddofak to the stables, and back round the grounds till it found its grey mate, and with many whinney- mg congratulations on both sides, joined its friend. The young horse must have travelled over 150 miles — through to wns, across railways, and over fences and diggings—to join its com panion. : 1 A notable sign of the times occurred on Friday last (says the Ararat Advertiser ), which we re cord for the benefit of the owners of small areas bf land, as an iniction of the future. A sale of 1,100 acres ihaia l>eeh' almost coiiipleted on Saturfey . last, ut the buyer, principally m- fluenced by;.th t result /oil/the elections, decided tp. withdraw fepm hi? $f wie tiie gentlfamep referred / to/ are' well'hfaw/ in Ararat. /3 Too fruits of the bufeting-ffp pfaijuy is' ' Surely teP pubce should ; bo able ty pujfc dpwn j the intolerable nuisance of " tin-kettling" which is so frequently practise by the young larrikins of the town (observes the Mount Alexander Mail). Last evening a horde of them kicked tup a horrible din dor hours opposite the jjMBidenoft of ftjotnipe wha hadi (beenjwIdpdithe same day in Gingeil street north. The din could be hewd in Market square, y j no such thing as an atteinpt to step them by tes guardians of the night. Jt is a pity some of tiie yohths did not get a night in the look-up to oooi their eels. The following gentlemen have been gasetted inspectors of licensed premises and liquors for their respective districts . — Central /TOstnct. Henry Steele Shaw ; Eastern Distinct, Edward Joyce ; Midland District, William BWler, Thomas Coffin: Northern District, Thomas Higson, John Turner ; Southern District, Thos. Inglis ; Western District, William Henry Woodvills. . , . Our New Zealand telegram states thata ter rific hurricane has passed over the Fnendlyf Islands in the South Seas, destroying the ooooa- nut Tpfentation? at Keppel Islands. Over a thoii ayhri houses and sixteen? churches have boon ! » btdwn down, andTbe May Queen, which wpfl at, Rica when the hurricane. came, is believed te be 'lost. Ofeher disasters arealsoreported. k ( ... 'Allad named Thomas Sutler was within an 1 afcfi of receiving fetM injuries on Menday (»yh ilitd Weelong Advertiser ). The boy resides at Mbcp, and was leading a hofse olhis fether's tfa: water, when it reared and threw lnm down, Tfie (animal then trampled on bis chest and lego, and bolted lafray. The boy Was Very much fhurtl and was at onoe taken "to the hospital. 5ft. Whffeelaw; late of this city, aixd now o€ Mellourne (says ,the Ballarai Courier) has ' shown a liberal, disposition to help .the council qf'/tpe School of Mines, in their endeavours te y complete the' pyrites works, by adding his cheque of £25 ' to thce already in hand, towards niaMng - up the £1,000 loan. As showing the estimatipurin yhich the (school is held, a. gentle- ; 'feamat King George's Sound proposes sending a ten pf auriferous, sand to Mr.' Flude for treat- Te trial of the four young men who stand committed f far the murder of a man named Painex in Little' Lonsdale street, will not be proceeded with until the Jane sittings of the Central Criminal Court. Tiro yonng men, named J ohn Smith alias Burtt and (Joseph Linden, were charged at the City Police Court on Tuesday, the former with having on the night of the 6th inst. committed a rape . upoff an elderly woman named Mary Anne Clements, and the latter with having aided and abetted in the offence. After the hearing of the evidence ih support of the charge, the prisoners : were committed by Mr. Start for trial at the next?, Criminal Sessions. The unfortunate man Thomas Bonds, who was fiurt in the South Clones Tribute shaft, has succumbed to his internal injuries, and died in the BaUarat Hospital on Monday. A young man -named James Henry Morgan, writes oar Mooroopna correspondent, was killed oh /Ejriday Last by a kick from a horse. The deceased had been to a store with an order con- nected with the burial of a neighbour's wife, and remounting his horse was thrown, sob- t Suing a wound in the region of the temple, from; which he died almost instantaneously. Aw inquest was . held on Saturday by Dr. Heily, cornier of the district, the jury returning a ver dict of accidental death. A | respectable-looking yonng man, named Elfes Williams, was charged at the Williams- town Court <on Tuesday with stealing a silver hunting watch, the property of John. Burton, living in James street. The watch was taken from! the toilet table of the bedroom in Burton's house on the -Ilth April, the windowhaving been left slightly open. Nothing was seen of the missmg watch- till a few days ago, when the prisojaer sold one corresponding to the published description of that stolen . to Mr. Crawcour, who, j discovering the antecedents of the pro perty, gdt the prisoner to take rt back. The police were informed of the' matter, and Wil liams was arrested, as he failed satisfactorily to account for its coming into his possession. He subsequently admitted having stolen the watch. The Bench sentenced him to three months' im prisonment, with hard labonr. Thfere appears to be a determined band of robbers prowling about the outskirts of Castle- main& (says the Mount Alexander Mail ), and last Friday evening was selected as a fitting opportunity -for their predatory excursions? Several complaints have been made by parties of them having been ; ' bailed up" and mal treated on, the night in question, but the most important was that in reference to a cabman namep D'Arcy. It seems Mr. J. D'Arcy had taken two passengers to Chewton, intending to be bajck in time for the twenty minutes past 10 o'clock train. On his return he called at Lamp's hotel, Chewton. Subsequently, about 2 o'clock, the police found the cab near the gasworks, without the driver, the horse coming back ; alone ; suspecting something was wrong they teok the horse and cab home; and then with lanterns searched the road. After soiue .time jthey found D'Arcy lying on his back in the-middle of the road, near Mr. Hatch's old balpty, without his boots, his pockets turned inside out, and severely bruised. He told the .police .h© had, been robbed of nine sovereisms. ten half -sovereigns, and some silver, making Up ; a aum of £16, besides a cheque for £4 10s, The policy have information in their possession which will, it is thought, lead to the speedy arrest of the fellows. ' .aCh3 New South- Wales Executive have de- jndqdon hanging Newman on tire 29th May, for the, Qoonabarabran outrage. The gaoler of Dabbo (says/the Despatch), Mr. Bartiett, an- nounced the feet to him on Friday last, bat he seemed in no way impressed. Since then, we believe, he has shown more concern, and on Monday, when he saw John Simons, the black- fellow, whose sentence lias been commuted to imprisonment for life, leaving the gaol, he fairly broke down and cried. Newman has written! ; we hear, several letters and a history ofhis life ; j but whatever he has penned will not 1>a majiq public until after his execution. The wretched young man is being assiduously at- tendjd to by the Rov. Mr. GrMuun®, aud in his absence by the Rev. Mr. Mullens and Ux Clarke, tbe catechist, ' 1 ' 1/"?1J'.ol,d.an at. the Melbourne fiaol I ou Saturday upon' 'the badv of "a namrf ' Joseph John Taylor, sued Wyifive., who died on the pre;„,u , .uy. ;omce| pfece m a drimken state, wbou be ' itnfl |. cbiivtiy ed togiol. "-'He', cued there, h the medical testimbff y ehow from tremjpis, aud a verdict to that ; effect wtretiiry AMiff at South \- £ years age, namfad i£M©riffk Farinef, who had died very snddeJhly iprovtens jfla\rfc vMro. Elizabeth Dolan, who had adopted the boy ter tfeelltet mghtoen months, stated the M H houson the I throteg I minutes. " Dr. Cooke deposed that he I a post-mortem exMuinarion of tiie body 2 fl found the cause of death to be ecSon2Q» ' H tihroagh a piece of soft broad beoomfeg in the throat. The jury rotemodavetOo .that effect. r . v. if yl 1 Late on Saturday night a mantuined TW M Deifan reported to the Footecray police that he had been kmocked down, kicked, and robbed of W: 15k. i on a vacant piece of ground facing th. Junction hotel, Footecray r He stetithet H there were three yonng men implicated in tfe teatcor. Hie police had not arreeteda&y; hp toiast'ttM, bafit fe thfaughtthey eJs « N roriaents the dirtriot, and are likeljt to . Beeehoorik Adverter) greatly wet la f1' % hearj that a son, eight years of age, ofMr. T f Woodsid», of Happy Valley station, WM killM ? ' I instaatanecmsly mi Monday evening' tietr tag' v " : fethtr's house. It seems, as far as vrt wis rn gatiror, that, an oldjer boy; John, was driving a q & team of bollocks homewards about aunowq, f ahd was accompanied by the younger rte» e Jamfas. By some means the poor little fellow I got jammed' betwemi boe of thb dray Wheria i < ahd a stomp, and was killednoa tee s£ot ; | A: New Zealand telegram states that a «|nW | shock of earthquake wasr felt jpear Donedia o-i | Friday, and marine disturbances yrere contiiuued all along the coast as far as Wellington. A tidal wave was o<x»sioned by the shock, and thi ' was met bv pOWmrftfl'VtelKmcar is1 otoisitog thi i Struts. The stern of the 'vessel;' was drawn : j | down nearly under water, and the force <d She . 1 wave carried her back for nearly half a mile, ia spite of her engines. / On Saturday afternoon a sad accident hap. ' I pened on the road between the Eureka and1' , the main Chewton road (says the Mount Alex ander Mail) by which A boy named Enoch 5 HouBden, son of Mr. Housden, carter, sustained - - severe internal injuries. Mr. Houtelen was, with his son, engaged in bringing in pyrites from the Eureka Consols claim to the Castle maine Pyrites works, nsing two drays for the purpose. While coming down the big hill, where the roadway is fall of rats and stumps, the horse driven by young Housden took fright and bolted. The boy attempted to stop the brute, but failed. Suddenly one of the wheels weut into a rat, and the cart at once capsized, the mnndic completely covering up the youtL His father, who saw the accident, at one ran to hia assistance, but found he wns upable Jte. do mora tkan hold the horse's head; a bfay was at onoe sent back to the claim for help, and in a few u minutes two of the men came down, when they quickly released the unfortunate sufferer. B was then foond that he had been struck aecrotr the loins by one of, the goard irons, which fTd - caused him to bleed profusely. He was wi& all speed taken to the hospital, where, on ex- animation by the rerident surgeon, R was dis- r covered he had suffered several internal, in juries which it, will take considerable car∧ attention to recover from. The Golgong correspondent of the Sydney Morning Herald reports that Mr. T. A. Browne field an inquest, owTnesday, ffipon the body of ' Margaret Lowosend, a woman aged fifty years,: the wife or a miner, who was found dead in a bed she Ibid engaged for the night (Satnry), ' ,at M oiik's N tw Zealand hoteL It appeared ; from the cvide.oco that: both m«|> and wife ate ih the habit v> r getting drunk whenever they have monej , auti on Saturday they appeared to be on good terms, and purchased a pint of beer for dinnc-, which they divided. AftiMr tikis thr : deceased left lor the purpose of making . < T some purchases of grocery ,w&en; ahe, sgain. .. - called at the horel and had two of pale brandy, wluon taking effiect upon her, she" requested to lie bio wed to lie doWn, and she engaged a bed fW the night. About an hour afterwards the husband went to: j the hotel and . r naked for bis wife. Being told she was 4r"nt he went to the room in which she was sleeping, and took from her pocket all the silver she haa! with whi«;h he wont into thetown, and returned iu a state of iotitxication, and1 lay the hotel for stoue hoars. He never Made any in quiries as to iiis wife, but at a later hour left to go home. After this, the twq boys, te" and thirteen years of age, went to the hotel and re quested to be allowed to sleep in the rfaom with ' c their mother. As she was lying acrass the bsd, they made the best shift they could -by sleepingat the foot. They .were called np tWwut >> m pq Sunday by the servant of the house, mid left the room, supposing their mother to be still sleeping. Between 9 andj 10 o'clock the hus band went to the.hotel to ask for his wife, and upon going to the room he found her drecL " From the evidence of Mary Hartley, 4hfa strw mt, it appears the deoeased was m the habit of - engaging a room when she and bar luuhtiul vara on a drinking bout Dn BernartL wfeo made a post-mortem examination of the body, attributed the cause of death to suffocation. The jefy rt- turned a verdiotthat'the deoeasedhiime by blf f T ! (feath from, suffocation, brought on by intoxiea- At the Frahran Police Court on MenM?, a man named Charles MCruire was dbried witii a and bJsoa ntrmbeV ot towls from varionsplabes, aiiid as the cases " against him were proved, he was eentenosd ten 1 w1.0! lmPrisooment for nine months, with v hard labour. A young man named Frank Neil 8 at the same court sentemoed to twelve months' imprieomnent on a charge of having .mWintekta the promMM oftr. VenUm. Uniop «tmt. . liie Foofcscray police arrested a vounc maa „,.r ued ACIvor. a resident of tariaviffe, oh 1 p hitlaat, onachatyeof Stohhi®f Robert Otter, the landlord Of the Yamfiib hoteL The man waa darunk, -ntad.wa abusive, when Otter, endeavoured to imifr r? needay "next. meEt a ni.neteen residents of Hotham I ainder I Jminal sum— 2s. 6d I ?m« a' heavier fihbwoulll beinflicted forh, I I The R- MJS v Travanoora, whjch/brings the I next Sus d|ot -epiflK fcfiuely- drafted I vessel, bat has ..ho great spe- , Her dimen- I cinns are about the same as the Tanjore. She I Sas yard trf I John Key &hd; Co/ She iS281ft: in lengtU/feith j I eam»i and 27ft. depth j of hold; her - I gross register being l,03 tons. iJ In 1875 the did I gnginas werpj taken' nut and netf ones on the I eompound principle snpplied. ' They are 350 I horse-power nominal. The Travancore has been I voyaging between Bombay" and" Chiha, in which I trade- ahe hears a good name, for speed and I comfort. - j I The following tenders were' accepted by the I Public WorksDepartment at the weekly meet- I ing of the board on Thursday :— Fencing and iron I tank at Court-house, Sdenhope, J. Spry, £131 I 9a. fid. sundry works and repairs at the post j I 'a telegraph offices, Ballarat, Smart and Creed, \ I £392 ; earth closets, Coal shed, and other works I at the custom- house, Geelong, John Baxter and I Son £134 ; Repairs to the post and telegraph I office, Dunolly, James Faulkner, £105 15s. ; I sundry works (verandah, shed, etc.) Melbourne I .Tames Kennedy, £359 lis. ; boarding I ceiling at recreation-room, Kew Asylum. T. 1 I Tnle £127 : fittings, etc., at Industrial Schools, 1 I Royal Park, William Ganne and Co., £176 16b. | I 6d repairs,' etc., superintendent and men's I I qukrtere, Stable, etc., »t State Naraery, Mace- I don— this contract will not be let, pending I settlement of a disputed tender. Supply of I eight sluice valves, 15in. diameter, Messrs. I Robison Brothers, £253. I Professor J. B. Wilson, M. A., head master of I the Grammar School, GeelongV has decided to | I adopt the suggestion of the secretary cf the Vic- 1 I torian Humane Society, that all school children I «hall be instructed in the method for saving life I as recommended by the society. Mr. Wilton I will include these instructions in the curriculum I of the coUege, and of the ultimate pubUc benefit I arising therefrom not a moment's hesitation can I be entertained. . I Dr. Shaw held an inquest on Wednesday I (writes our Geelong correspondent) ' at the cot- I tage near the railway gates, Leigh toad, on the i bJkxr nf Marv O'Grady, the woman committed I suicide by cutting her throat with a razor. I I John Goller, saddler, isaiA he _ liyed in the I I vicinity, and observing a oommotion m the I I neighbourhood of the gates, ranover. He found I I the door locked, and on getting through the win- I I dow saw the deceased on hefrkneesin the room j E with a gash across he? throat. . He bound it np I I with a cloth, but she died in ten minutes after- j I wards. The deceased's father said she received 1 I a sunstroke while Standing at the railway rffctfes I early in March test, r and oa Sunday night had K got up .and wandered .out on the plains. . Knpw- j I ing her suicidal tendencies, he L had taken his I razor from the house, and placed it in the sentry- ( box on the line, but she had discovered it, ahd i committed the act. Ike jury retained a verdict I that deceased committed suicide whilst of un- I sound, mind. I Thomas Walker, the spirit medium, appeared I in public on ' Saturday night, the 29th April, in I the Auckland Mechanics Institute, announced I fsavs the Auckland Herald) to deliver a'lecture I purporting ; to be inspired by;.some occupant of 1 I the spirit world, while .the medium was or I I seemed to be in a, state of semi-trance. The I subject of 'the lecture was to be chosen by the audience. There werC about 200 persons pre- I sent, including Mr. Justice Gillies and other I prominent citizens. , We have no doubt the I greater number of those present attended for the | purpose of ascertaining; if ;' possible, thetruth of the doctrine allegedby intists or spiritualists, but the greater r' number, at 'the termination of the proceedings, left" the budding, conduced that, so far- as Wiftkeri is concerned, it was simply rank: 'itopottutoi ; The pertinent" and searching questions ' asked Tby Mr. Justipe Gil lies, the Rev. Mr. Fee, 'Mr. White'; Mr. Luckie, and others, proved so embarrassiiig to the spirit +W. in a somewhat hurried: foamier, kmidst i much laughter, he announced that it was time | I the medium was liberated from his trance state, | and he unceremoniously took his Aeparture for j j his own sphere. ' ; \ I John Franklin.: twentyight years oage,. > died rather suddenly at, the Viaduct on Wed- f nesday. It Appears £says fae0edong- Advertiser) 1 that Franklin, who was deal, and had an up- I pediment in his speech, had been employed at j the breakwater skin-washing for some years past. Not feeling Well he left his work, and I repaired to his parents' residence at the viaduct. This was on TAesday, and in' consequence of his becoming very ill duringthe night his father came into town early on "Wednesday morning, in order to procure medical assistance. Before he returned, however, his son was dead. The immediate cause of death is unknown, but an I inquest is to be held, when the facts of the case I will be more folly elicited. I Regarding Colonel Scratchley, R.E. , who is expected in Melbourne to report on our defences, together with Colonel Jervois, a correspondent writes : — " Colonel Peter Heniy Scratchley was j born in the year 1835, -bring the son of an, eminent clergyman, of London. He .finished his education. attheRoyal Military Academy, Woolwich, passed his examination with credit to hify,aAlf> /and- obtained his . commission as lieutenant in 1853. In the following year he proceedeR to the Crimea, where he was actively outraged in front of Sebastopol until the peace of 1856 He returned to England, and. m tne fol lowing year the Indian Mutiny took place. .He accompanied the 4th Gompany. of. Royal En- crineers, under command oL3or-lJmholson, as senior lieutenant, He served aU through that memorable campaigns Major, thenCoW Nicholson, being . . wbunded on Christmas Eve, 1858, the command devolved upon Untenant Scratehley, and although a. very young officer at the- dame, his servic Ld indomitable pluck well qualified him for the position. He -obtained his cap taincy ollowinc Ins company Was ordered to China, under Sir Hope Grant/ that geUerM'ex- ( pressing hisconfidento intheyoadgptain. He proceeded with his oompany toemttabut I after havingnnarched afttheway from Lucknow. I a of £74Hiles-he was informed that I the authorities: at tafrme had fiespatoheda com- I pany overliand'droaa England dfrecti 'For some time prerionsto thisthd VictorianrGojernment I had been contenrolatingithe erection f bfrbou I defences, andiad niadeappUcifeen tobhe home I authorities for an ekperienoed the work. Captain (S I this service, arriving at Mblbdurhe inv J I i860. After fulfilling his mission, wMch Oeoui- pied I about three years, he rdtnrned to Europe, where hB has been employed on various impor- !portint servicesever since." \\- ' aAt an instance of the remarkable instinct of birds, the Pleasant Greek News says : — " A tgpiieman who was ps«sing through the Gram pians qbsm'vd a sparrpwhawk suddenlv pounce upon and seize a parrot, . The hawk then tpok it to an adjacent stream, and held, its head under ;the , water until life was extinct. Our Unfotmami Jhat he frightened the bird awA, but be was too late to save the life pt the rp9rn>|j.'' i; | ' There appears to be substantial .grounds for I the theory held by -Mr. Hugh M'Coll, of the 1 North-West Canal Company, that the waters of the Murray and other colonial rivers find their 1 wayf to the sea in a great measure through J porous strata and subterranean passages. On I Monday last (says the Portland Guardian) Mr. M'Ooll went out with Messrs. Guy, Pomeroy, Munro, and Chard, to witness for himself where I watbr is perpetually welling up efijfhe coast about the centre of Cape Nelson Bay, half a mile N.N.W. of where borings had been made j some years ago for coal by Mr. Nicholson, town I surveyor. J He 'was told that at certain seasons j the! water at the spot bubbles up markedly I above the level of the sea, but he found a space nearly round, 20ft. in diameter, the water as if oil | had been poured on the surface, while troubled waters surrounded the circle. On sail ing pver the smootli surface the water was found disooloured, full of sand, squirming upwards. He pasted the water, which he found brackish. He returned, and reports that barracoota are in abundance off Cape Nelson, and the fisherman whose guest he was had an exceptionally good fiab)ng of crayfish, conger eels, and barracoota. As h further corroboration of the underground watJer theory, yre may state that Mr. Smith, in his garden, West Portland, has struck an im mense stream of fresh water, which he intends to Use for irrigation purposes when the neces- I sary pipes to convey it are procured. I During the present unsettled state of political I affairs, there Are, as a matter of course, all sorts I ofromoursflyingabout from oneendof the colony I to ihe other, most of which, doubtless, have 1 ver little foundation in fact. A story was I whispered about Warrnambool on Tuesday I (says the Guardian j, which, whether reliable or 1 now bears about it the impress of probability, for, after the result of. the recent general elec- 1 tion, it is difficult to say what extraordinary | circhmstances might not arise. It is stated, 1 then, and stated upon the authority of a com- j replication said to have been received in Warr- j nambool — by one of Sir James's most pro nounced supporters, from the knight himself— thai the late Premier being utterly disgusted witb the turn things political have taken, has I Ml fiut decided to retire from the representation I Qf Warrnambool and from colonial politics in j general, with a view of paying yet another visit to ttae Fatherland. His inclination that way, it is stated, has been yet further strengthened by the' exclusion of his friend and colleague, the Hoi. Joseph Jenes, from the new Parliament, and the gist of the rumour is that Sir James, if he pan be assured of his ' friend's positive suc- I cess, is prepared to retire from the representa- I tion of Warrnambbol in order to secure a seat ! for the Hon. Jcseph Jones in the present I Asssembly. TTho following is from the Southland Times:— "Sir Julius Y.egel has forwarded some speci mens to Dr. Hector ©f a process for turning vegetable fibres into silk. He says— A most wonderful discovery has been made for turning j vegetable fibres into silk. Cotton yarn, for example, can be converted into silk, not in ap- i pearance only, but reality, and in the operation it gains weight and immensely increases in I strength. The samples I inclose herewith are cotton converted. The inventor, a Frenchman, minima to be able to produce the silk at one-fifth I the jprice of silkworm silk.' On Monday last (says the Wangaratta Despatch) a sad accident occurred to a man named John Pearce, a half-caste residing at Hedi station. It appeared that Pearce was out duck shooting with a double-barrelled gun. He had loaded the one barrel and was resting the gun on a log, and in the act of ramming down the charge, when the loaded barrel went off, lodging its contents in the abdomen of the un fortunate man. Dr. Hutchinson was sent for, and did all he could, but it is believed that fatal consequences must ensue. Pearce is a young man, about thirty-five, years of age, and has a wife and several children. A ghost has made its appearance in the onion district of Bellarine. A well-known resident, I on returning home from Portarlington a few I evenings ago, somewhere in the small hours 1 (says the Geelong Advertiser ), saw as he ap- i proached his residence what to him appeared to I be the figure of a woman in an erect attitude, I Round the head of the spirit was a dim halo, which looked supernatural, and the features bore a strong resemblance to those of a. young lady; of the district, who, unfor- I tunately for the advocates of spiritism, is still ! living With the courage of his race, hp | made towards her spiritskip, and was about to ask the reason of so late a visit, when, to his amazement, the figure proved to be a " Walker," for it soon disappeared with lio-htning speed across the onion fields into utter darkness. The onioogrower, on seeing this, I took to his heels, and was soon safe inside a bolted door, but so overcome was he with f right 1 that ho swooned away— a circumstance that to ffln never occurred before. The ghost nas caused great excitement J the locality, . A watch will no doubt be instituted, and very I likely some medium will be introduced in order | to ascertain, if possible, the object of this visi I from the spirit land. The lady whom the figure resembled has become 'Very serious, and j the superstitious expect something awiui to I happen at Bellarine Bhortly. I The following election incident is recorded 1 by the Creswick Advertiser: — " Awfully sold 1 Scenes-Near one of the hotels, outside of which is displayed a large poster, showing that one of j the candidate's committee-room is there. . A number of busy canvassers are on the lbok-ont fdr undecided electors, A miner is seen corrnmg up the street in the direction -of the polfing- booth, and on arriving Opposite the hotel in question he is accosted with something like the following t— Canvasser : Well, Mr. — have you "bin and done it? Not yet, but I'm going to doit presently. Canvasser: That's right will you borne and have a little refresh ment? Thank you, I will, for I'm rather >peckiflh after coming from Spring Hill. Whilst ( elector Iwho is knbwnto his friends ah a Very, intelligent chap, and writes a freehand) is enjoy-5 inn aglass : of Tennant's - and a sandwich, can- ' Vasser of oom«e strOBgly advooatea ' the claima of ' his little man.' The how satisfied .elector j takes a card offered to him, remarking at the | time he was father illiterate, and Wished for | a little advice in the way of marking out the J names. After getting a lesson he was escorted j to the booth; and on coming out he was asfced j by said canvasser if he managed it ail right. . ' Well, hang it, you see,' was the reply, ' not j ; being a scholar, I got 'so confoundedly bonfused j that I do believe I ' marked - Jem all out except Cooper's,5 and the" elector from Spring Hill smiled a smile, which was not reciprocated .by the canvasser, who began to think he had been sold, but he never let on." I A most heartless case of desertion came before the local bench of magistrates on Wednesday I morning iaays the Geelong Advertiser). Two 1 children named Hay were brought before the I court to be dealt with, in consequence of | their father having left them without making j any provision for their maintenance. The | youngest — -a mere baby — appeared to be in a I dying state, whilst the other one, a boy about j i four years of age, had not by any means a healthy appearance. From the statement of a I person who appeared in court with the children, \ it appears that the mother died recently of con- I sumption, the father being away at the' time. When he returned he promised to take his I children away from Mrs. Stokes, the person | referred to, she having taken care of them I without fee or reward, according to her I I statement. The father, however, never ful- 1 filled his promise, and consequently Mrs. Stokes I was compelled to bring them before the Bench I as neglected children. The police magistrate I wished to have the father present before the I I children were placed in the care of the State, I I and remanded, them for a week pending Hay s j | apprehension, Mrs. Stokes, after some per- 1 J suasion, consenting to take charge of the little j I ones in the meantime. ' j The Government offer a reward of £60, which I has been supplemented by another £50 from the | I shire council, for the discovery of the person or i J persons who set fite to the offices of the shire I council of Belfast, whereby the premises were I totally destroyed, on the night of Thursday, the I 3rd May instant. On this subject, writing I under date 14th inst., the Belfast correspondent j of the Hamilton Spectator says : — " It is not I fchmicht likelv. however, that the necessary proof to convict the scoundrel null be forth- 1 coming, and that therefore the inquest to he 1 held during the week will be more formal than J conclusive. In connection with the fire, I may I say that Mr. Trew, the owner of the shire office 1 property, has found the receipt for the premium I paid to the local agent of the Alliance Company, I and he consequently will be able to obtain the j amount for which the building was insured, i notwithstanding that the premium may never have been received at the head office of the company." 1 Considerable surprise was occasioned at Alex- andra on the 8th inst. by the suicide of Mr. Maurice Raphael, an old and respected resident. He was subject to fits of epilepsy, and when he was found dead in his bed on the morning of the 8th, it was surmised that he had expired during an attack of this disease. A jury was empanelled, and a verdict returned to that effect. Subsequently (says the Alexandra Times) a revolver belonging to Mr. Raphael was discovered amongst his bedclothes, with one barrel recently discharged. A post-mortem examination disclosed the fact that the deceased had shot himself behind the ear. Additional evidence to this effect having been taken, the jury returned a verdict that the deceased met his death from a wound in the head inflicted by his own hand, while suffering from temporary insanity. Australia, by roason of its climatic conditions, is remarkably well adapted for astronomical | observations. On this ground (remarks the j I South Australian Register ) European astronomers , 1 may reasonably look to our local sarans for as- I sistance in deciding many qf the most intricate I problems in their favourite science. Among I these is the re-determination of the parallax of Jupiter, and from that of the parallax of the : sun. The South Australian Government as- ; Jjronomer, Mr. Todd, has been for a considerable time past engaged in making observations on Jupiter and his satellites, especially with regard to the occulfeations, eclipses, and transits of the j latter, and lately he has communicated a paper on the subject to the Royal Astronomical So ciety of London. This embodied the result of some 200 observations, and was accompanied by drawings and descriptions of the physical aspect of the planet. Among other curious disco- I veries Mr# Todd found thEt Ett tli© occult&tion; of & i satellite, when the latter passed behind the limb I of the planet it was still visible, as if seen I through the atmosphere of the planet or pro jected on the limb. Mr. Todd's notes have ex- i nitprf considerable attention in scientific circles in England, and have been reproduced in the J English Mechanic. Sir G. B. Airey, the Eng. I lish Atronomer Royal, and Professor New- j come, of the Washington Observatory, have now specially requested Mr. Todd to make a series of observations during the present year with a view of determining the intricate pro- blem of the parallax of the planet. This work ! the Government astronomer has undertaken, I but as the observations are very delicate, and I must necessarily be numerous, a considerable time must elapse before the result is made I known to the scientific world. I T.nst week at Beaufort, a Chinaman was so fortunate as to unearth a 301b. nugget m an I abandoned claim. John was driven to his last resources, not being able to procure a shilling s | worth of rice, when he unearthed the welcome stranger, valued at £1,440. John said. Welly I large one, welly nice ; me wheel 'im home m a barrow." Several nuggets have since been found in the same gully. _ _ A woman named Mrs. O'Grady committed suicide at Leigh road on Tuesday morning (says the Geelong Advertiser). The unfortunate I woman, whose husband died some time since, resided with her father, who looks after the railway gates in the township. About 11 o clock she inflicted a fearful gash in her throat, whilst her father was out of tbe house. About a month since the woman was brought to Geelong on a charge of lunacy, and after being examined 1 bv two medical men, was discharged. Since I then . Mrs. O'Grady has not been altogether right in her mind, but it was not expected that I she would do any injury to herself. I The Parmenio, barque, from China to Mel- 1 'bourne' with a cargo of rice consigned to the I New Zealand Loan and Mercantile Agency Company, pnt in at Sydney leaky, and will I discharge'. A month ago Bhe struck on the In- I diaDensable Reef to the north, knocking away I portion of her Itefci aiid forefoot. The prow 1 hate been pumping on the way to Sydney.' 