RABE GOOD LUCK: A FORTUNE IN SEVEN STROKES. STROKE THE SEVENTH. THE WONDERFUL VOYAGE OF THE BARQUE ARABELLA. I.—(Continued). BY R. E. FRANCILLON, Author of " Olympia," "Earl's Dene," " Zelda's Fortune," &c.; " Amanda," said Miss Carew, as soon as she opened her eyes in the morning, " I have been dreaming the oddest dream." " What was it, Madame ?" " Of course it was the noise of the waves made me think so, but I dreamt I was you." "Me?" Why don't you ever smile now, Amanda, when you open your eyes ? You have not left your heart behind you with that magnificent Sheikh, I hope; or with a crocodile ? You were once in love with a tiger you know. But no— you learned your gravity with your reading. Well, I dreamed I was going to put my neck between the teeth of some wild beast or other, I hardly know what, when I was awoke by its giving such a growl—I thought it was real, and was surprised to find myself—myself, and with my head on- The sea doesn't seem quite so calm to-day—so much the better. Who is there?" It was one of the Arabs, who had brought her some coffee. Of course she knew no more than a very few words of Arab dialects, picked up in her travels, and she thanked him in English. " I speak no English, gracious lady," he answered in very good German. " You are an Arab, and speak German ?" she asked with some surprise. " I am a Maghravi ; but I have been in Hamburg many times, and . in Berlin. I hope the coffee is to your liking, gracious lady ?" " It is excellent: it is very kind of you. How do they call you " Sadi Mohammad." " You are surely not a sailor ? A merchant, perhaps ? You are a great traveller. Can you tell me," she said, as she sipped her coffee, " what is that long thing covered with canvas between the masts ? I want to know everything, and it was mixed up with my dreams." " I am glad the coffee is to your liking, gracious lady," said Sadi Mohammad, bowing gravely and withdrawing. " There!" she said triumphantly to Amanda. " I knew there was something mysterious about that thing! Amanda, have you .^noticed the colour of Captain Smith's beard ?" " He has only whiskers, Madame—and they are red and grey." " No; they are blue " " Blue, Madame ?" " Yes—blue. This ship—where we are waited on by Arabs who talk German, is not a common ship, Amanda. It is a story. I am Fatima; and that place on the deck is the chamber where Bluebeard keeps his ' murdered wives. Go, Amanda. Fetch me Sinbad the Sailor, the son of Hindbad, and conjure him, by the ties that once bound us together — in the same volume—to come to the help of the despairing Fatima. They may say what they like, but I have made up my mind to find out what is under that canvas—and I will!" " I think I can tell you, Madame. I believe it is hay. There is a great deal of hay on board, Madame^—and rice " " Don't be so dreadfully prosaic, Amanda! But wait—it's not so prosaic after all. Rice is grain, and that mysterious Captain Smith told Mr. Maxwell he had no grain. It is noticing these little things that make a detective, Amanda. You're a clever girl, and know how to cree]'—couldn't you peep under the cover and see ?" " But if 1hey should see me ?" " Oh, I'd" bear the blame. Bluebeard shan't cut off your head; I am Fatima. Can't you make love to Sadi Mohammad—perhaps he knows French as well as German V Oh, I see we shall have a delightful voyage, indeed !" " Do j ou really want to know, Madame ?" Amanda was one of those unfortunate people who are absolutely incapable of seeing a joke, and Miss Carew's jokes were never particularly visible, and generally travelled before reaching their hearers through half a dozen moods, of which at least one was serious. But one need not see jokes in order to be grateful, and Amanda would have given up all things—save one—to gratify Miss Carew's slightest whim. "Of course I do. People have sometimes died of curi—of a thirst for knowledge. They shall have a lesson—they shall learn the good of trying to keep a woman from finding out a secret if it's only a grain of rice or a wisp of hay! Good morning, papa." " Well—how have you got through your first night of, the Arabella ?" " Immensely -well. I never want to be what people call comfortable again. Vagrancy is luxury for me and nothing between." " You have got through the night a long way better than Arthur. He doesn't seem much of a sailor for all his vagrancy—and there's a nasty chopping about the sea this morning." " He's not ill ?" " Oh, no; the sea does make some people look pale and old. Look—we are fairly out of sight of land now." " Let us take a turn and look about us. Where is Arthur ?" "There he is, talking to the skipper. You mustn't expect to see him nearer for another hour or too, Nancy; he won't care to show his pale face to your rosy one." " It's curious he should be ill—why at home he's half a sailor." " Nelson used to be sea-sick all his life, and he was a whole sailor. Oh, he's all right—leave him alone, and let him have it over. Let's see if we can get something in the shape of breakfast, and have the laugh against him." Meanwhile Arthur Fenning was talking to Captain Smith, but not in the manner of a man suspected of the most prostrating of human maladies. He was indeed very pale, but he walked as firmly as the Captain. " It is my duty to tell you of something that happened io me last night," he was saying, " and it is as painful to me as I am afraid it will be disagreeable to you. But there seems to be a fate about such things. It is right that I should tell you that I am Mr. Fenning, Member for Danesliire, and a Justice of the Peace and Deputy-Lieutenant for the County. You may rely upon it that I do not undertake the responsibilities without full reason." " I don't doubt it at all," said Captain Smit shortly and bluntly. " I'm sorry—for the ladies —if they've found any disagreeables on board •• rough merchantman, where they can't hav. feather beds and rose water to wash in; 'twas to please them I let them on board at all. I'm afraid, Sir, you must take the Arabella as vo i find her." " I should be more than ungrateful if I complained of you, Captain, or of the Arab 11;!. Don't think I mean that for a moment." "What then, Sir?" "I ahi sorry-to have to tell you that you hive an escaped murderer on board." "A murderer? A murderer? Bless your heart, Fm well off if I haven't got half a dozen escaped murderers. Bless your heart alive, when one hires a Greek or an Italian one doesn't ask to see the. colour _of his hands. But they won't touch you, Mr. Fenning," he said, looking at the Member of Parliament, Justice of the Peace, and Deputy-lieutenant with a smile that had a touch of scorn. "You must take the Arabella as you find her." "I don't mean Greeks or Italians, Captain Smith. Their own laws must look after them. This is an English l-ship, and she carries an English murderer, escaped from an English gaol That is a serious affair." ' ' " Is that'a fact, Sir f ' - ' : ~ " Beyond all question. I have seen the man.' " I can't guess which you mean. But if, as ou say, it's one of the English sailors, he's ah Jonest man now, and^-I can't spare a pair of English hands, "white or red. ' I shouldn't like a bit of chance good natnre on my part to be the means of hanging aiTEnglish sailor. Don't you know how "to wink, Sir? Let's leave the poor devil alone." . - 1 "That can*t i be clone, Captain Smith. Perisonally I should be only -too glad—and that very feeling makes my public duty all the stronger. If I do not see that this man is given up to justice I shall myself be committing a crime against the laws that I help to mike aud that I am sworn to execute. And I should tell you that, if you in any way harbour or assist this man, knowing what you now know, you are yourself committing a crime." " Very well—out with it; but I'll be hanged if ever I take a passenger aboard again, if it was my Lord Chief Justice and all the Lords and Commons rolled into one." " I know your duty is disagreeable " " Never mind about duty or disagreeable. Who's the poor devil I'm to help to a halter ?" " But not more so than mine. And I know that I need not talk about duty to a sailor. Orson Knapp is the man's real name, but it is probably changed." " I don't know that name any way. Do you see him?" . " No. I have not seen him on board except once last night. I did not see hirn when we came on board, nor do I see him now." "That's singular. The crew have been on deck, one or another, all the while. You don't happen to have been dreaming, Sir ?" _ " I-never dream. I saw him as plainly as I see you now. But he was not dressed like a sailor at all—more like the costumes one sees in Upper Egypt. He is a tall, strong man, scarred with a face " impossible to forget—seamed aud " God bless my soul! You don't mean- Caspar Schneider. No, no. That will never do!" " I expect I do mean Caspar Schneider." The Captain thrust his fists deep into his pockets and began to whistle. " If what you say is true you've as good as scuttled the Arabella!" " What do you mean? Who is Caspar Schneider?" , , " The notion of a man alive not knowing who's Caspar Schneider!" " I-don't know, and I must know." " I've half a mind to run the Arabella ashore —but then there's the cargo. You've talked of giving a hundred pounds for your passage. You may keep it in your own pocket. Ten thousand pounds won't pay for what you've done now. What a fool I was to let a soft- spoken young woman soft-sawder me into taking a detective on board! What do you expect to get fortliis job, eh? A hundred pounds and your expenses? I'll give you two hundred out of my oWn pocket, and put you ashore at Valetta, and pay your expenses home." " Don't talk like a madman, Captain Smith. I am Mr. Fenning, of Millwood, and it is known I am on board the Arabella of London. Mr. MaxWell, of the Indus, who saw us sail, has my card. : . You cannot do anything rash, however friendly you may feel to this murderer. Whit do you know of the man whom you call Caspar Schnfeider ?" " Why—that he's like to prove the very best hand that ever was known between Donzoli, aye, and Zanquebar, and further off than that for anght I know." " The best hand at what ?" " Why, at catching. Look here Justice Fenning—if that's your name : I see you don't like being on board with danger, and I didn't like to alarm the ladies when I was over-persuaded to break our rules and take a passenger. So when I told you and the youngster from the Indus I carried hides aud ivory, I didn't care to mention that the hides are on living bodies and the ivory in live jaws." " What! do you mean you have a cargo of live animals on board ?" Live enough—and lively enough^ at times. You'll hear them sometimes; and mi^ht think 'twas going to be rough weather at sea. Perhaps you've seen a wild-beast show ou shore ? Well, where do you thiuk they get their lions and tigers and elephants aud such small fry You don't think they come from England, suppose. No more they do. They come from Schneider in Hamburg and Jamrach in London. And they get them by buying tigers and such like in India, or lions and what not by catching them in Nubia and Abyssinia, and the Galla< country, and I don't know where. There's a German head collector at Maisaiwah, who sends out good hunters over every corner of th • country that the map-makers leave white, and that makes a man famous if he fancies he's the first to have been there. Bless you, there are men alive who knew every inch of those parts before the geographers ever heard of them—I don't mean niggers and natives, but Germans, and Frenchmen, and Englishmen. And men who are fit to be made Generals too—who'll lead a caravan of wild Arabs and wild birds, and hundreds of camel loads of wild beasts, all ha If-starved for months, through a desert, and all for a trifle of pay, and to give people at home a chance of seeing how a lion looks in a cage. What does it signify thata man has knocked on the head a Cockney or two at home, if he takes to that line of life, out in the desert keeping lions and Gallas in order? It's all the better if he's reader with his hands. I know Caspar Schneider; it's not the first time he's chartered the Arabell4- And I must say its hard, when a man has Spent six months marching a caravan through the aesert at the peril of his life, and going through hardships that a seaman's are play to; and Hhen instead of resting going to India to buy totlier sorts of beasts, and bringing the best and ifinest collection of all sorts, without losing one,feafe into the Arabella, that'll carry them all safer and sound to London—I say it's a cruel shame to hang a man like that because an ass namfed John Smith was a good-natured fool. And" it's a cruel shame to deprive the dealers of the fcnost promising hunter and buyer that's beeif known for forty years. I've an interest in the cargo over and above freight myself, aud I don't mind saying so; and I'd pay a thousand pounds out of my own pocket sooner than anything should happen to Caspar Schneider." " You cannot be more vexed than I." " Well, I suppose it can't be helped. Anyway notlnng can be done to the poor fellow before we get to England." " Do you understand how serious an affair this is, Captain ? This man is an escaped murderer—this is an English ship, and he is subject to English laws. There is no doubt about the matter. You must exercise yjur authority to have Orson Knapp, who calls himself Schneider, at once put in irons." " I am Captain of the Arabella, Mr. Fenni ug: I shall do as I please. When the freight is in the London Docks you may do as you please." " I have heard your story—n:>w listen to mine. It dbes not signify a straw whether this man is the ;foest or worst hunter in the world. He is changed with the murder of a shipmate—for his •• money. As a Magistrate I had—though not judicially—to do with the affair. I know the man, and he knows that I know him. He is a desperate man — his life is a desperate one according to your own showing. He began life as a poacher and smuggler. He became a golddigger in California—and a ruined one. He then murdered his shipmate, broke out of prison, and now, as you say, lives with Bedouins and savages. Remember—he knows that I know himl Last night I met him, and we spoke together. I am no coward, I hope; but if I, a well-known Englishman, am killed on this voyage by a desperate man driven to bay, I ask youjwho will be responsible—me or you ?" " 'You'll allow me to turn it over in my mind, if ypu please. I wish you'd been drowned before I saw you, with all my heart; but of course I don t want to cause any mischief, or interfere with the law." " There is only one course open to you, Captaint Smith—only one. If mischief come of leaving a desperate man at large among his friends and enemies, you will be the cause." He turned away and left the Captain to his own reflections. But he knew how they would end; That strange personal influence, never to be wholly explained in any case^ which had made his nncle his slave, and all Wbitbeacb his vassals, was not likely.to be less powerful when all things hung upon the success of its exercise. While his cousin lived,- knowing him to be an impostor, more than suspecting him to be a murderer, life would not "be bearable for ~a single hour. At last he was fairly - driven - into -hieown natural self, unaffected by any of those scruples -of justice and honour which are so powerful when it is possible to indulge in them safely. The smallest scruple most infallibly destroy him, and the .instinct of self-preserva- tion sent it to the winds. It was no longer merely a fight for an inheritance, but a struggle for life, and he or his enemy must die. Conscience no longer troubled him; for this was a new sin, and he was hurried on by immediate necessity. He could not save himself from the fate which pursiied him by consenting to acknowledge his child. Thac -would not save his lands and his life from being in another man's power all his days.' Death would be better than that; and better than death would be the death of another How the whispers get about without telling ? Before an hour was past Captain Smith heard from his English mate that the Greek and Italian sailors were murmuring—a murderer was on board. _ " I have decided," he said to Arthur Fenning. " I have had Schneider put in irons below. At least he is a guarded prisoner, which comes to the same thing. I shall give him up to the authorities at Valetta. Have you said anything to the ladies?" " I have made a point of saying no word ot this to anybody but yourself—not even to Colonel Carew." "Thank you. And of course you've said nothing of the cargo?" "Not a word; nor shall I. You have acted very properly indeed, Captain." , " If Fve done what I'm bound to do, that s enough for me. Fd much rather have acted improperly a long way. And now, as I'm going to lose time by putting into Valetta, I suppose youH have no objection to land there ?" " I ?" " Yes. In fact you have to land, whether you like it or no. You may be a very great man when you're at home, but I'm Captain of the Arabella. Fve obeyed you, and now youll obey me. I won% have passengers, and I won't have your hundred pounds. It would smell like blood money." " As you please. How soon shall we be at Valetta?" "In about three days, if all's well. Sadi Mohammad is a careful man, and used to beasts; but this is a special freight, and he's not another Caspar Schneider. If the hippopotamus dies on the passage, it won't be much comfort to the owners that you've caught a murderer. A murderer's common but a hippopotamus is rare." " Can you speak French a little, Monsieur Sadi?" " I am a great traveller, and have heard many tongues—Allah has opened my ears. You speak like the Franks in Aljenzira. I can talk to you." " Arabs are the arch- lovers of beauty, as all the world knows; and Sadi Mohammad, the Mayhrabi, let his grave eyes rest—though in all courtesy —upon Miss Carew's black-eyed maid, as if be were no exception to the rule. " You have been among the French then as well as the Germans ? You have been a traveller indeed." It does not require a woman's wit to discover, in less than three sentences, a man's favourite topic of conversation; that is to say, the open door for flattery to pass through to his foibles. " Yes; few men have travelled like me. I have been in Ouda, and Bengal, and Ceylon, and Yemen. I have been in Morocco and Abyssinia, and the land of the Gallas, and Muscat, and Egypt, and Madagascar; I have been in Stamboul, and London, and Hamburg, and in Vienna, and in Aljezira, and in Wapping. I have seen many wonders—praise be to Allah, who has opened my eyes." " Madame, my mistress is a great traveller too; but not like you. She loves to talk to travellers and so do I." " It is profitable to speak to men of wisdom and understanding who have seen the world." "But what has made you such a travelle Monsieur Sadi ?" " It is Kismet ?" " What is that, if you please ?" " It means many things. For me it means the desire of men's eyes to see many wonderful things without leaving their own land." " For example ?" There is much profit in studying all that has life—it opens the heart and makes men compassionate and merciful." " Do you mean—you keep a travelling menagerie?" " Ah—you know ? You have seen a menagerie ?" " Seen one! I have lived in one all my life— Meshach's Royal Menagerie—but we never travelled like you. I was a Lion Queen." " Wallahi!" " And where are your animals ? How I should like to see them all again!" " They are not mine. I help to get them wherever they are born. I hunt with Caspar Schneider—may Allah help him, and deliver him from the hands of all his enemies." " Let me see them, Monsieur Sadi!" " They are not to be seen." " they are not in the ship, then ?" " They are not in the ship. They are a long way—a very long way off. He who looks to meet a lion on the sea or a dolphin in the desert will live in the shadow of fear, and will seek and Bot find." " For shame, Monsieur Sadi, to say what is not jtrue—to a Lion Queen! They are here— and 1 know where they are. That shed between the masts " " He who lies to a woman is a fool. They are hei<b." " iAnd you will let me see them ?" " They are not to be seen." " jWho says so ?" " (Caspar Schneider." " Then I will ask Caspar Schneider." " He is not to be seen." "iAnd who says that?" " (Captain Smith." " Then I will ask Captain Smith. He is to be spen, I know." " (Caspar Schneider is a prisoner—May Allah preserve him!" " 'A prisoner! What has he done ?" " It is Kismet. He is a great hunter and a good man." " Ah! Then he must expect to suffer . . . Why may I not see the creatures ? Why are theyhidden away ?" " iBecause they would make women afraid." " lAfraid! Me—a Lion Queen!—who have lived with them, Monsieur Sadi, and love them all " JWalMhi! That is true." " .Come—I am waiting, Monsieur Sadi." "You shall see them—but you must not be seen." *' jNo one is looking " " jCome, then, and you shall see wonders!" he saidi raising a large square of tarpaulin, unlocking a rough wooden door with a key, and then holding up the square that Amanda might creep in before him unnerceived. I II. " jWTiat o'clock is it, papa ?" asked Miss Carew, when the travellers, unrestrained by any unwholesome rules for the conduct of passengers, had] been walking the deck half the night through. "SJust five minutes past twelve—time for you to gb and lie down." " Not a bit—don't you hear the bells ?" "Bells?" " What dull people you all are—you have no imagination at all. I mean St. Mary's bells, at Ronton. I wish you all a merry Christmas and a hippy new year." Ojf course it was impossible to separate without ^walking about a little longer in order to realize the new experience of opening Christmas Day at sea, and talking over what relations and friends were doing at home, and when this was over, "iAnd you are not going to sleep yet," said Miffl Carew. "I have been planning a Christmas' show for you—I and Amanda." "[Nothing veiy mad this time, I hope?" asked theiColonel. " I will tell you nothing—you shall see for yoiirselves. It is not mad at all though ; it is quite a serious thing, and it has a moral which I l|spe will do you both good—Arthur particularly. Come'with me.. Amanda, you lead the waj." Amanda led them to what Miss Carew called „the? " canvas thing," where Sadi Mohammad sat •on the deck smoking a long chiboque, and apparenjly thinking of nothing. He rose when lie saw Amanda, and was about to speak; but when he feajr her companions he fell back into the stable. \- J- " Madame, my mistress, mid Colonel Carew and Mr. Fenning, have comc tj see your menagerie, Monsieur Sadi," said Amanda. " He who keeps a secret from a wouiv.u," he said, " is a great fool; he who trusts her with one is a greater." Miss Carew pretended to pout. " You hive spoiled my moral for me, Monsieur Sitli. You wouljd have expressed it beautifully if you h id stopped at 'fool.' But I forgive you — you shall see that to trust me is to be a wise man." Sa^Ii Mohammad received his Christmas-box without a word of thanks; for a good Arab is too polite to insult a benefactor by assuming him to'be so mean as to want to buy gratitude— which is too rare to be looked for, and too sacred to be sold. But he made an ample gesture of recognition, and said:— " There can be no harm since you know all, and are not afraid. This also is Kismet. You may enter." " Are you not going to be showman ?" asked Miss Carew, seeing him resettle himself to his chibouque as soon as he had unlocked The door. " I must remain here. One of us must be here, always; and it is my place since .Caspar Schneider—Allah save him from his enemies!— is a prisoner. I should be missed, and Captain Smith.would learn what I have done." " Could Kot one of the other keepers take your, place here ?" « There is only Ahmed el- Bedawi, and he is my enemy." '" Come, Nancy, give up this nonsense, whatever it is," said tibe Colonel. " I suppose you've found out something you had no right to pry into. And it's wrong to bribe a man to be unfaithful to his duty—it isn't right at all. We'll take your word for the show.—Eh, Arthur ?" " Nonsense, papa! The man is only too glad to earn his Christmas-box, you may be sure, and of course he doesn't want the other man to go shares. And it's no longer his duty to object— the reason for the duty is over; it's too late now!" " You will not want me," said Sadi Mohammad. " The lady's sister is as wise as the Queen of Sheba after King Solomon had shown her all the wisdom of all created things. She has deceived me; but there is no shame to me, for she is wiser than I ?" . , . "Come, then," said Miss Carew; but Sadi Mohammad stopped her once more. "Take this lantern," hessdd to Arthur Fenning ; " and I must lock the door after you. - I might be called away, and then Ahmed or Captain Smith might enter and discover you; and therefore speak low. 'If thou say unto thv companion, Be thou silent, thou speakest rashly.'" All this atmosphere of secresy and mystery, with its Oriental flavour, which had so needlessly managed to grow over so simple a matter, delighted Miss Carew. But when she followed Amanda into the low canvas cover, she was by no means delighted with the smell. The visitors found" themselves in the "central passage of a long, low shed, or rather series of sheds, lined with rough iron cages, each of which held some living creature, cramped, silent, and forlorn. It must have required considerable skill to crowd them together, so as to ensure them, with the minimum of space under close shelter, the maximum of air to breathe. A more melancholy, and at the same time a more savage gang of exiles,it is impossible to imagine. Here, at Miss Carew's elbow, was a fine Nubian lion, crushed as it were into sleep, but not into the freedom of sleep, with its nose between its fore paws. Behind Arthur Fenning, in a strawcovered stall just big enough to hold him, lay the famous hippopotamus, of which he had already heard. In front of the Colonel was a hyena, awake and staring at him. "So these are the skins and ivory," said Colonel Carew. "I see. Well, we have an unusually interesting lot of fellow passengers. I suppose you feel quite at home here, Amanda. But I should have thought these gentlemen and ladies would not have left us in ignorance of their presence quite so long." " Monsieur Sadi says that beasts can be kept very quiet on a voyage, Sir, with sickness, and darkness, and want of sleep, and low living. Whenever we wanted to quiet a creature we used to prevent his sleeping. Poor things! I can hardly bear to look at them." " I don't know how you feel, Nancy, but I can hardly bear to smell them. And if I were yon, Fd keep as far as may be from those paws." " And do you mean to say, Amanda, that you really used to put your head down the mouths of those creatures ? Horrible!" " There are a great many more, Madame, if you would like to see them—there is a young Indian elephant, and some lovely antelopes, and a rhinoceros with two horns, and some gazellos ; I can show you them all." " What makes you so silent, Arthur ?" asked Miss Carew. " Don't you admire my show ? Or are you meditating upon my moral—not Sidi Mohammad's ?" " I have been a poor sailor to-day," said Arthur, with his faint smile; " and I decidedly agree with your father about the atmosphere." "Oh, wait one moment, please—I must see the gazelle; just think—an exiled gazelle, I think I must buy it, and—oh, I must buy the gazelle. It could run about at Millwood, and we should make one of these poor creatures happy. Would Sadi Mohammad sell the gazelle, Amanda ? Here it is—only look at her eyes!" " Yes," said the Colonel," you had better buy the gazelle, and the lion, and the hyena, and the young elephant, and the hippopotamus, and the double-honied rhinoceros—they will be charming pets; you had better buy them all. Does the hippopotamus want no kindness because he hasn't got beautiful eyes ? Don't be unfair, my dear. What do you say, Arthur, to making your bride a present of a laughing hyena ?" " You will have to apply to Mr. Schneider," said Amanda,who, having been brought up among beasts, always took all people at their word. "Mr. Schneider, eh? Perhaps he'd let me have a hyena in exchange for a monkey. Who is he ?" " Didn't you hear, papa ? He is the man who is a prisoner." " What! like his own beast ? What has he done ?" " They say he has killed a man," said Miss Carew. " Well, we seem to have pleasant company on board, I must say. I have heard of ' Set a thief to catch a thief,' so I suppose they set mankillers to keep man-killers—and eaters—by the same rule. Now we have seen all this, Arthur, I suppose Nancy will have pity on our delicate masculine noses, and let us go. I will get a joke out of the skipper to- morrow." "Monsieur Sadi!" said Amanda, tapping at the door of the shed, " We are ready now." "I suppose he's gone to sleep," said the Colonel. After waiting a few seconds for an answer—" Monsieur Sadi!" " You have most influence with him, I fancy," said Miss Carew to Amanda—" You try." " Let us out, Monsieur Sadi," said Amanda in her turn. " Let us out, if you please." But there was no. answer, and at the end of five minutes there was none. "Confound the fellow;!" said the Colonel, with a smile of vexation. "Sadi—open the door, Sadi! . . '.' Do you want to keep us here all night ?" he said again, in a louder voice and without the smile. " Open, fellow!''."'. Open, you rascal! . . . Open, you- blackguard ! . . . Upon my life I'm afraid the. fellow's trying to make fools of us. . That will" never do. Look at Arthur!_—he's as pale as a ghost, and no wonder, in this confounded den." WST COHTORT FOB raa Lima OKBS.—Q anxious mother, when i W Jittlt Gna ts' stricken down with illness or writ -•--—ug to PftUi, lacerating your achjng heart by its plaintive wilina andaftoniW cries, what in there on earto ybu would hot rive, what sacrifice would ^ — yon — not — i.-- H _ bofferer? The balm h found ; it obriea"to "leve yoar"ai(L the little and will newer fae forgotten-^-BlokfoidVi Infants Pre- . tentative. Used in our own with invariabla tuccess, proved by all our friends, we confidently re> commend^ to aU -Moihm^u jia TfMHM. panacea agalnrt ttojiilmenta Itraideht to childhood. For pain zt • convulsions, dyaeotery, dlanhoaa, and thefother diaorden that characterise the period o(. teefliiitg ^t]lj kt&t; T fpjnctaa(i safest remedy that can be tornlnirtcred.. BicUord'i Infants' Preservative may now Kb hMfta iaafly every riiop in the Aolany at this >»>al ^Sw&jTlifc; per boW«. • IKIe *W$6$rH'KN6wikG—That the Lu-gesfc -ifAiSaTaflorW Prenrises in Adelaide, audita :—most tfclUh, and Cheapest Sdection qf Hen's; YoAthsVand Boy? Clothing OatfitUn«,.i« at G. aa« W. Shierlaw's, Glasgow House, II, Hinaley-strBet, *Hof is the best; toy them. _ " 86ev 