GENERAL NEWS The Ghost Larrikins.— We understand several youths have been detected in this dangerous pastime and will be brought before the magistrate on Friday next. Strathalbyn Institute.— We are glad to learn the Committee have secured land at the back of the Institute Hall right through to Sunter Street, and intend shortly erecting the proscenium as originally intended. The Rainfall has been steady the last couple of days, and good floods are flowing down the Angas aud the Bremer. ™ The Volunteer Movement ? Last week's Gazette? contains a proclamation of the divisions of the pro- posed volunteer force, which are to be as follows:- 1, Adelaide and Port Adelaide, 100 artillymen, ? mounted rifles, and 420 infantry rifles ; 2, Gawler; 3 Kapunda; 4, Saddle worth and Clare; 5, Burra; 6 Goolwa and Stratbalbyn — each 60 infantry rifles; 7 Wallaroo, 40 artillerymen and 80 infantry rifles. Considerable disappointment is expressed here that no Cavalry Corps is to be allowed here ; but we expect that the 60 infantry for the district will soon be en rolled. The Register understands that today's Gazette will contains the official announcement of the appointment of Colonel Biggs, J P., as enrolling officer, who will attend in the various districts for the purpose of enrolling volunteers under the regulations of 1866, which will also be published in this week's Gazette. Milang Institute. — Oil 1 riday evening last, the 18th inst., tbe lion. K. Ward, Minister of Education, gave his well-known Lecture on ' Shakespeare,'1 on behalf of the Institute funds. Mr. Kemp's school room was well filled with an appreciative audience, the entertainment being presided ovei by A. H. Landseer, £sq , M.P., in tbe absence of J. A. Hartlev, JSfq., B.A. (President of the Education Council), who was to have taken the chair, but wag unfortunately prevented from sudden and unex pected business in Adelaide detaining him. The bon. lecturer was also detained later than he ex pected in Adelaide in consequence of the departure of oar late Governor, and did not arrive at Milaug till after eight o^clock. la the meantime two or three young ladits favoured the audience with some delicious music, and Mr. Kemp with a couple of recitations as follows: — Overture, 'Norma,' Miss L. Landseer and Miss Dunk; song, ' Beauty sleeps,' Miss Landseer; recitation, 'William Tell,' Mr. A. Kemp ; vocal duet, ' Friendship,' tbe Misses Land seer; piano fan'aMa, ' Abdel Kader,' Miss L. Laud see - ; recitation, «* Hamlet's soliloquy,' Mr. A. Kemp. Mr. Ward then delivered his clever lecture on Shakespeare, commencing with his birth, going on to bis youth, his courtship, marriage, iiecotniug a ' play actor,' an author, and ending with bis death and burial. The whole lecture was most ably ren dered, as well as the uumerous specimens of the famous bard's conceptions, with which it was most interestingly interspersed, the bon. lecturer still maintaining the reputation he has earned for his great dramatic as well as political capabilities. In so long a lecture it would be difficult to enumerate all the choice ' bits ' quoted, but bis delivery of the ' Seven aget of man,' ' Hamlet's soliloquy,' and ' Othelio'd address to the senate' mei with deserved applause ; and on the conclusion of the whole the lecturer met with a well-earned round of applause. Mr. Landseet in well chosen terms proposed the hearty thanks of all to tbe Hon. E. Ward; this being ably gecouded by Mr. A. Kemp, was put to the audi ence, and met with a hearty reception. The Hon. E. Ward then returned thanks and expressed the pleasure it always gave rim to do what he could to further such educational means as Iustituies, and proposed a vote of thanks to the chairman, Mr. Landseer, in most complimentary terms ; this was seconded by Mr. W. Qiin, M.P.'for Port Adelaide, and carried unanimously. A most enjoyable even ing was concluded by all persens present joining heartily in ' God Bave the Qaeen.' Ktbathalbstj Riflje: As-iOciation. — The annual meeting of ibis Association will be held at 6 p.m. on Wednesday next, at the Terminus Hotel, when tha election of officers for the year will, with other formal and jmpt rtant business take place. A full atten dance is requested. Parliament will meet on Thursday next, this day week. The Qdbek's Birthday. — To-day is the gSch anniversary of Her M mi Gracious Majesty, Queen Victoria, and is being universally kept as a public holiday. In Strathalbyn itself there are no amuse ments provided, but several are advertised for other places in tbe district Death or Mb. R. Field. — Many of onr readers will regret to learn of the early death of this well fcn-wn host of tbe Goolwa Ho-el. Mr. Field bad been in a state of ill health for some time past, but uot sufficiently so to cause any serious apprehensions; but on Wednesday last he began to get worse, and on Friday morning passed away quietly. Deceased was only in his 33rd year, and his untimely end is keenly felt by a very large circle of friends. Sootheen Tramway.— The following is thfrsiun mary of traffic on the Strathalbyn, Goolwa, and Victor Harbor Tramway for ? the Month ended March 31st, 1877: — Strathalbyn and MMdletnn line — Passengers (number) 1,452 £190 17 11 Goods (186 tons 10 cwt.) ... 42 3 7 ? £233 7 6 Goolwa and V. H. Line — Passengers (number) 3,458 .104 17 1 Goods (1,583 tons 18 cwt) ... 24S 5 9 Wharfage ? IV 16 9 Steam Cranes ? 22 0 0 ? 3S& ly l £620 7 1 Heavy Rains. — .V tremendous quantity of rain fell on Thursday evening tast between Queen's Own Town and Middleton, ou the tramway line, which on Friday morning was in places two feet under water..' The FinnisB river and Currency Creek both were vety high, and the country for miles along the Middlf totf line was submerged. Some of tbe heaviest showers xemeinbered came down that night, and' we are informed that hail stones as big as marbles fell. Port Euljot Wants. — A light is badly needed fit the Tramway Station ; the apology for one, which is stuck inside, only makes the darkness at night more visible; we -wonder that some accidents do not happen through this want. A similar convenience should also be put np at the Post Office, which at night time is quite a job to find, being tituated in an ont-jf-tbe- way street, without the slightest external sign to show that it does represent her Majesty's Post Office. The following ia a calculation of the number of persons which the great Cathredals of Europe will hold— St. Peter's at Rome* 54/JOO.; the Milan Cathredal, 37,003 ; St. Paul's at Home, 25,000 ; St. Sophia at Constantinople, l3,0f)0 -. Notre Dame at Paris, 21,000 ; the Cathedral at Pisa, 13,000; and San Marco af Venice. 7,000. 'Heaven's Own1 is the name of new Nevada town. Thb Bridge of Sighs.— In our last issue we ™4terred to a dangerous footbridge which on dark SThad deluded several travellers to a muddy ^VlTnT At that time nothing more serious than KSd -aothing and ruffled tsmpersj^ad resulted, ^ttoeoSy » *-*io™ «^dent nM occurred. X? wVParker, on his way ;home last Saturday wilt, miesed Mb footing, and fell down with con Sderable violence. His right hand came iato contact with * broken glass bottle, and two of the were were nearly aevered. The sufferer is quite unable to follow his usual avocation, and will probably continue so for several weeks. Just at the present eeason this will represent a considerable pecuniary loss. About half a dozen others have Mien victims to the bridge Bince our last i?sue, and ovtery morning Ve«xpect to hear the list increased by one or more. — Northern JUaU. Sfcto light forearm wnnfraMMbr «*?**!*} ?. t^aff r^mg over it. The injury wnattendid f I^m tSvTMdallboogtKyanUrtilliDa very ^^'S^J^-STfer hoping that the an. ?vWeOmdaf to* child of ^^.J1^0*' u» i. ahnai two vean and a ban old, got aw left S£a^eV«n.la««tiowf wbich are bang attended ' MsnoMUNiicAi.-TM weHher for the put few ju«ihMibBBB d^ghtfol, and all the crop* look reiy S&TSo-eb-Ty; .bower, fell on Saturday UsHandar. The country amund the Burnt looks ^BBaaUiTwell, *? ?» **'» hilta «»«*% ?» bw- *» ?n- covered with a pkuent mantle or green —Bum Jfem. __ , HioHWATBeBB«T atGawms*.— The local paper tiuBunyb «*y«, ?P*'0* -* ?»« «'»»ortjiiiato victim When sympathy become* pracUcaUy demons tetfveweare compelled to admit iu sincerity, and it JwiS «nriaSto«Ui.f»clion that we find that the itroDgemre»lansof sympathy with the unfortunate man Waller Baker, hav« the ring of true metal in {SSi!andbmve prmctlcaUy developed themselves in ETeffort to ttimbnrse the man to, at least, the extent of bif low, a number of gentleman having ?nbtcribed with a view of compensating him for the monetary low he bat sustained. This practical rtcog \- nitien of coorage mnd sympathy with a man who Lad he not been overpowered by numbers could and would bare successfully defended himself , and who, Lit was. made* most noble resistance, is highly commendable, and deserves to be well sustained. Welesxn that his manly courage and straightforward Character, with bis babito of industry and sobriety, has won the admiration and respect of all who know him. During the short time that he lias been in the colony he has been H.igularly unfor tunate. Eriat «ix or eight rooMftB after bis arrival all his surplus money was seDt to his widowed mother in England, and consequently h id no reserve fund for immergencies At the end of this time he received news of his motbei's death, nnd in a few days subsequently was taken ill, ani was in valided for two or three weeks, and not being connected wi:h any Friendly Society, the expenses incidental to sickness necessarily mortgaged his future earnings, but, however, by industry and e.onomy, he succeeded in surmounting that, and again accumulating the sum of ten pounds, which amount was taken from him by the cowarily and brutal ruffians who attacked him on Saturday night, -when he displayed snch genuine csuiage : and we agree with one of our townsmen, who expressed it as his opinion that such a demonstration of pluck is well deserving of public recognition. We only hope that Mr. Baker may speedily recover, and that the perpetrators of the villainous assault may be at once discovered and brought to justke. We have much pleasure in acknowledging any donations ? .jE12 J3s. having already been received. ThbBivebT&ade; — On Thursday, the 3rd inst., a meeting was held at Hay wuh reference to the river trade, when the following resolutions were carried:— (I) 'That all persons interested sign a document, binding themse ves severally in the sum of £50 sterling, to be paid as a penally for trading =*h anyway with steamboat owiiers or forwardiug agents who trada in their constituents1 goods, or trade in any way. Such penalty to bo paid to the Committee for distribution as may be determined at * special meeting convened to consider any infringe ment of this resolution.' (2) 'That steamboat proprietors trading on the rivers be- only recogoisrd as common canine, and that the agents, .captains, lessujs, or proprieors. shall agree to hold themselves liable for the goods placed in their charge until their arrival at their destined ports.' A motion to. the effeot that South Australian steamers were not re ferred to in the foregoing resolutions, was rejected. — Wagga'Wagga Express. The Times Parliamentary report of the 21st Feb. contains the following with reference to the Russian iquadron at San Fiancisco :— 'Captain Prim ei quired ot the First Lord of ihe Admiralty whether bis atten tion had beetfdrawn to the following statement in the 2toesofthelat of February last:— ? Rusaiau Ships of War, ? * A.M.' sends us a note, dated January 9, received by him from San Francisco on Wednesday morning:—' There is a small fleet of Kussian corv ettes in the Bay here. They are waiting for English veasbls which come here for wheat in the event of a European war. I think they have-13 men-of-war.1' Whether it is true, as stated by the Globe of the 13th of January, that 'to oppose 11 Russian war vessels England had but seven ships in the Pacific, carrying 56 guns.' And further, whether the statement in 'the Globe of the 6th of Feb. was true to the effect that ? should England side with Turkey this Russian squadron will be conveniently near to Esqjimalt the the British North Pacific Naval Station, which is comparatively unprotected, and cant«ius an immense quantity of naval stores and ammuniiion. Mr Hunt ? My information does not agree with that quoted by the hon. and gallant member. (Laughter.) It is to the effect that on the 24th of January there was at San EraLcisco a Russian squadron consisting of one corvetto, two gun vessels, and three gunboats. (Laughter.) The lion, aud gallant member seems by his qre-tious -o anticipate an outbreak of war between this country aud Kussia. That is an anticipation in which I do not share, our relations with that Empire being of a friendly character. .Should, however, British interests be threa eaed from t-n-r part of the globe I hope the House may rely upon Her Majesty's Cp v-srnment taking proper steps to afford them pro ticiion. (Loud cheers.)' Sharking promises to become a fashionable as well as a lucrative an nsemen' . A little while ago a pait - of gentlemen went ont for a day's, sport after the big game that bur bay abounds in, and they found it ?? quite as exciting as tiger hunting in India, or lion talking in Africa. In fact it was such f'uu that one of the party assures me he bad enough of it in one short tin minutes to last him for the rest of his' life, A shark that they hurriedly estimated to run from about twenty-five to thirty feet in length fastened himself on their hook ; and before they had time to congratulate themselves on their exceeding great luck they found themselves drawn through the water at p. greater rate of speed than was ever yet achieved by a mortal boa*. At length they determined to let him 'go. They didn't care to torture a dumb beast any longer, But when with trembling fingers they succeeded in cutting the rope that h .Id their prize my friend tells me that the faces of the four occupants of the boat were as white as the paper I write on. They didn't do any more sharking that day. — '* At ticus.' jm-sr£iHEl — FoethxTexis Airr. Brkhtb. — A few drops «f the ligaid 'FlorUine' sprinkled on a wet tooth-bras' avodnoes a pleasant lather, -which thoroughly cleanses tb . teeth from all parasites or impurities, uardent the guuiR. Vrevente tartar, stops decay, gives to the teeth a peculiai ?earij-whitenets, and a delightful fragrance to the breatb. It Mmone all unpleasant odour arising from decayed tfptb. or tobacco moke. *' The Fragrant Florilin *,' being * ni»iiij.iriiiiYI in port of Honey and sweet herbs, is deliiaous to Cbe taste; and the greatest toilet discovery of the age. jSife'feWL, of all CnemUts and Perfumers. Prepared by y««y C.-jAtHJP. 403. Oxford-street. London. 88 ~ ' Advice to Mothhb*4— Axeypu tirolren In yonr rest t-y r riAchMenfltaripgwitTi the -paii Of enfcting teeth P Goat once ? to » fihonuat Kod «t a bottle of ICas. WrASLOw^ Soofxnra Stbdt. It will relieve the.poor sufferer irame difctely. It ip perfectly harmless, and pleasant to taste; it ?todnees mtonL quiet sleep by relieving the child from r#inJ pjirt «3m lltflp i-hnrali nwakea ag ' bright aa a button .' ' fijtoothn the child, it softens the gams, allays all pain . roHereB wind, regtelates the bowels, and is the best knowr ' iw»*dr 'or i&Bantery; and diarrb-oaa, whether arising froni te«fUagormbar-wiBes.£' Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrap ' Jb sito by. Maiiciae dealers everywhere at Is. I|d. per ^rttieT 'T^ufiMilJared&t; ?«». Orford-atreet Loodon. 8 \- Conntfng all a^iimale, iarg^andsmall, the average Of deatbsintne Zoological Garden*, Begeat's JPark, is only one o-' two a day. Some tew years ago the. jrate was as high as ten or twelve. 