WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 1877. A MIELnomUR contemporary, a few days ago published a concise epitome of the laws relating to mining on pri vate property prevailing at various times in several countries in different parts of the world, and the evidence tlherein contained strongly favoured the idea that property in metals, especially the precious metals, had never except in one or two isolated instances passed from the Crown or State with the. sur face rights. But a young community like this ought to be very careful as to the extent of deference paid by the: governing bodies to mere precedent. The inclination to pay slavish and un enquiring obedience to ancient law and usage, on some material questions has been much too strong in this juve nile state. We ought to have a new, unbiassed, and even daring way of. examining all questions of public policy for ourselves. We should not walk in the shackles forged by antiquity, and handed down to our less fortunate bre thren at home from one generation to another. There the process of trans mission has been continuous and un broken, and, therefore, it is all the harder to depart fiom the beaten track or disobey the behests of tradition. But in this country we ought to be able to begin our career from a new starting point, remembering . that if 'we establish an unvarying and constant habit of regulating our course by pre cedent and established rule our actions must be considerably restricted, experi ment curtailed, and progress conse-. quently retarded. If we call precedent and ancient law to our aid when it suits us, we cannot disregard or undervalue its force when ever it happens to be against us. If we will be perpetually referring to text books we must be bound by them to a large extent-right or wrong. We should look at things with clear vision and do what is right, because we are persuaded that we are right, and not because we are drawn by a two-handed influence-one founded on a partial sense of what is right, and the other founded on the justification of continu ing to do what has been done before. It would be a mistake to underrate the value of precedent, but we are in clined to think its value is too often much overrated. " English communities' are too much inclined to cramp their actions much on the same principle observed by Chinese in high life, when they cramp the feet of their female children. We are bowed down in our actions and usage by a kind of Asiatic slavery to ancient form and custom. The principles upon which mining on private property can be justified, need not the sanction of ancient law. Why should we revert to feudal customs and law for our warrant in doing what we are convinced is right I If we had not been shackled and led captive by the ghosts of the past, if we could have re nowed our minds when we came to this new world, we should have adopted a system of land tenure, much less per nicious than that under which we live. But our minds, overawed by the tradi tions of the lands from which we came, have not been able to rise superior to wrong impressions and old prejudices in this respect. We established a sys tem of alienation of land as injurious and unjust to the great bulk of the people as was the parcelling out of the lands of England by William of Normandy. In one short generation detoesnes have been acquired as large in area as could have been allotted by grateful king to a conquering vassal. The state has squandered its magni ficent patrimony for a mess of pottage. What equivalent has the country ever got for the rich acres we have bartered away I Why the very money paid by those who have bought land has been expended in improving it and adding to its value. Not only so, but a large additional sun taken direct from the pockets of those who have no land has been expended in addition, and it would be difficult, if not impossible, to calcu late the bonuses paid to the land-owning class. If the State had kept its land it would have been possible by this time to carry on tlhe Government of the country, and also expend liberal sums every year, without resorting to direct or indirect taxation. But the opportunity has vanished, and we may thank the power of precedent for im posing the evils of an old system on a new country. It is on this account very univiso to quote precedent in favour of the application of a principle in one direction when it can be qtioted against the application of the same principle in another. T'rot merits of thle Bringolong freestone are gradually becoming recognised in in fluential quarters. It has attracted at tention among "experts" in Melbourne, and Mr Spence, the Melbourne 'eon tractor for the new National Bank at Maffra, is using it in the construction of that building. Ere long tenders for the Sale railway station and other buildings will be invited, and then the stone will have another chance-always provided that tenderers are not limited to certain quarries for material. The metropolitan obhjcction formerly advanced, to the detri ment of the Bringolong stone, was that it would suftifer front exposure to salt water in being conveyed by sea to Melbourne. That objection, which seems to us some what overstrained and untenable, cannot apply in cases where the transit would be altogether inland; and we trust that no imnpediment will be interposed to prevent its use in all the Government buildings that must be constructed in connection with tile Gippsland railway. This is a consideration that should not be lost sight of by persons who are more immediately interested in the matter. No argumsent is required to justify the request that oppor tunitybshould be afforded by Government for practically testing the stone which lies in inexhaustible deposits at Briagolong, within easy reach of the places where great demand for it must soon arise. Tian effort lately initiated in connection with tihe Rink Club, for the erection of a public hall, for use on public occasions, has been respondtled to with much spirit. It is proposed to raise ftnds by the issue of £5 debentures, and these have been already subscribed for to the amount of abo-ut £600. It is probable that the site will be fixed in Macalister-street, between Raymond and Desailly- streets, at the rear of the Star hotel, and opposite the Scotch church reserve. That will be a central and very convenient situation, not only for .the memlbers of the Club, but for all the other purposes for which the hall will be built. We understand that the promo ters of the " speculation" are in correspon dence with the owner of the ground, as to the terms upon which he will part with it, and that with his well-known generosity he has intimated his intention to deal liberally with them in the matter.. We I trust thle promoters will succeed to the utmost scope of their wishes. The time is coming when a place for public assem blies of larger extent than any Sale now possesses will become an absolute necessity, and the proposed Hall will prove, not only convenient to the public, a but a source of profit to its shareholders. GREAT disappointment was felt at tile non arrival of the English mail letters on Mon day evening. The T'anjore reached Hob son's Bay at half- past seven on Sunday evening, and it was hoped that the Mel bourne office would be equal to the task of despatchint the Gippsland mails by next morning s train. But it seems the head office was incapable. The Gippsland letters consequently lay in Melbourne all Sunday night, Monday and Monday night, travelled on Tuesday, lay in the Sale dis trict office all T'uesday night, and are deliverable this nmorning-the third day after reaching Melbourne, although the distance between the Melbournle and Sale post offices is daily covered in 16 hours ! A day might have been saved, were post office arrangements nso ordered that the Gippsland mails could be despatched frotm Melbourne in the evening, half an Ilour after the box closes, but this is an im provement to which thie Postmaster-Gene rtl is apparently determined not to give his consent. A nounLes calamity has befallen the Legis lative Council, the nature of which will be learnt by reference to our latest news. It is unfortunate that a spirit of larrikinism of the worst type should have been de veloped among the "grave anti reverend signtors" just at this juncture, when they are receiving a lesson in Constitutional government. The Governor's reply to their address on tile subject of payment of members is perfect, antl unanswerable. The lion. William Wilson, we regret to say, is one of the members for thie Easternt Province. Will be be sent to keep com pany with the once hen. ,James M'Kenn, member for Northl Gippsland ? "Abracadabra's" letter anti some other commaunications are unavoidably held over. We need scarcely remind our Cale donian friends of the grand annual "ga thcring of the clans" that will take place to-morrow, the programmee and details of which are published in our advertising columns. 'The committe meet to-nighlt at I the Royal EIxchange hotel to make fiual arrangements. llaner's l)iorama of the American war will be exhibited this evening at Stratford,: and to-morrow andt followiug days in Sale at thie Mechlanics' Institute. T'?he prizes iwhich are to be distributed at the exhibi tion will be on view to-morrow in IMr Cornell'swindow, Foster- street. T'he Dio rams attracted large number of spectators at Bairnsdale. A lecture will be delivered in tite State School rooe, Trralgaon, on Monlday next, by Mr D. Small, in aid of the Indian F'amine Relief Fund. The subject of the lectutre is " India," and it, as well as the occasion, should attract a large audience. SWe are requested to say that a meeting will he held in St. John's Church, Maffro, on Friday evening, for the purpose of forming a branch of the Church of En.g landl Temperance Society. Addresses will be given by the Revs. Canon Watson and J. Allen, who will explain the priuciples of the Society, and enroll members'names. The service preceding the meeting will be semi-choral ; it will commence at half-past seven. To-day, at 3 p.m., the ladies of the Wesleyan church will commence their sale of gifts. It will be opened hy his Worship the Mlayor. Each evciinlg, theie senior Sunday School children will slug some of their popular melodies, under the able con. ductorship of Mr Laung. ! The ladies ihbi? been working diligently for the last four months; and aided by kind contributions from numerous friends, they have' suc ceeded in collecting a large and attractive display of goods. It is to be hoped their efforts will he rewarded by the residents of Sale flocking to tile sale room ins large' lnumbers. : 'rhe manager of the Fear Not company;; VWalhalla, telegraphed the folloUwing iaes sage last evening :--The lode in the' rise from the north drive in the lower adit is now fully 3 feet in thickness, and gold can. be seen freely in the quirtz., Four men are working in thle rise, which issup thirty feet. . . , . 'lhe Mining Deilatlment look"upion the find at Cohen s reef, Walhalla, as a nmost valuable one. It is believed if the survey were continued north, over: Moult Look out, the line wotuld' he foutidito' connect with theWood's Point reefs. r., The attention 'of the Inspector of Nui sauces is invited to the carcase of a dead: beast whicih awaits interment, 'orcrei?a tion, orisonle other mrede'of final disposal; As amlniet'reintirkcd of the deceiised Polo niu's; ?'.A certain contvocatiosi,;of politic worms are 'en 'at him'; and indeed if you find him not within this month you shall nose him as youi goe up" Maiarthur-street, between .York and Marleystreets. ''' : 1We have received a copy of HIutchiri son's (late Mackay's) Almnanack, which we perceive is in the 19th year of its Pub lication, a fact which testifies to its ac knowledged usefulness, It contains an Educational Register, giving a list of all tile State Schools in the colony, and the " results" obtained in each.' A copy of the 'Temperance Year Book, Societies' RIegis ter and Directory has also reached us. In addition to the ordinary matter of an Almanack, it contains a great quantity of information interesting to the 'Temperance Orders, and is embellished with anti-alco holic designs in wood engraving. A sad accident happened yesterdaly. in Raymond-street, opposite the Cricket Club hotel, to Mrs Jones, formerly of Fulham. 'That lady was returning home on horseback from Glencoe, shortly after four, when her horse shied at some noise or object on turning into Macalister- street, and threw Mrs Jones over its head on to the metal. She was taken up immediately and conveyed with all haste home, where Dr. Macdonald found that her collarbone and several ribs were broken, a calamity which will confine Mrs Jones to her room for some weeks to come. Services in aid of the Gippsland IHosn pital, and of'the' Ladies' 'Benevolent So-' ciety, were hell on 'Suanday 'as :under; mentioned :-At the Wesleyan Cshurch, Sale, collection, £9 88 7d; at Clydebank, collection, £1 6s 4d ; the sermons in each case by the Rev. John Harcourt. At the Wesleyan Church, ''raralgon, sermon by. the Rev. J. \V. Batten, collection, £1 18s Id. .At the Presbyterian Church, Sale, morning sermon by the Rev. WV. S. Login; evening sermon by the Rev. F. . A. Hge natter; collections, £10 Gs lid. At the Mechanics' Institute, Rosedale, sermonby the Rev. Gec. Kelly, Church, of E?sgland, collection, £6 2s 10d. Total collection, £29 2s 9d. We are requested to state that our local contemporary's Ballarat correspondent was in error in saying in the ilertcury of 8th inst., that "the expensive woman who had imported so lavish a dress, garnished with jewels, for the Cup day, that it had to. be banked for safety," was the mother of the "boy-girl." Mrs Johnstone, the lady thus referred to, is not extravagaht, but a capable business manager, controlling care fully the whole of liher husband's affairs, he suffering from paralysis.' Our correspon dent adds:-" Mrs Johnstone keeps the whole of the books incidental to the station management of over 100,000 sheep, and that such haphazard remarks are peculiarly unpleasant to her relations inl this district." The privileges of the senior branch of the legal profession cropped up at the Court of General Sessions yesterday, Mr Newton, barrister, asking his Honor's rul ing as to whether an attorney could defend a prisoner in presence of a bar. Ile was merely anxious to maintain intact the pri vileges of counsel until at any rate the Chief Secretary's pet design of amalgamat ing, tile professions were accomplished. Mr Bushe replied that two barristers beside the Crow: Prosecntor constituted a bar, and as Mr Newton was the only other barrister in the town he (fr 11.) had inl no wise trenched on counsel's privileges in announcing himself for the defence. His Honor agreed with Mr Bushe, that a har consisted of two barristers with the Crown Prosecutor, so that accused persons might hIave the privileges of counsel. Mr New ton expressedl himself satisfied, and the matter then dropped. The following telegram from Stawell appears it the ArguTs of ycsterday:-A good deal ofexcitement exists here amongst the strippers and those connected with the iudistry respecting Mr Berry's proposal to impse an export duty on bark. A large deputation wavited this morning on Mijor Smith and Mr Woods, at Cherry's hotel, and suhbmitted their case to them. 'rlhey stated thait the proposed duty would throw huindreds of people out of employ ment, as the local establishments for tile prepsarotion antl exportstion of this ma terial would have toc close. The price ab tained for bark it the English and German markets was fronm £13 to £14 per ton. It esat on an average over £11 to place it on the home market, the profit beicng from £1 10s per ton. Consequently, if a duity of £3 a ton wese imposed, the export trade would be extinguished, and the large numbers engaged as strippers thrown out of employment. Mr Woods promised to susbmit the statcmeits made by the deputn tion to Mr Berry, and at the same time suggested that they should forward the particulars of their case to MIr Lalor, the Commissioner of Customs. 'IThe use of T'obacco causes indigestion, palpitation, slowness of intellect, a dlesire for strong drink, and an intermittent pulse; it destroys the vitality of thle blood, produces dizziness, disturbs sleep, makes a man miserable and prenmaturely old. When the diseases are serious andi stubborn, the heat remedy is FELromwS CoroUNan SYRUrP Or II'POI'[ossr'tTes, as it restores the circulation, the nervous ganglia, builds up the muscles, and induces healthy Liver, Heart, Stomach, and Intel lect. The supplementary estimates are to be introduced to the Assembly to-morrow. They will include provision for payment of members. Ihe body of Mr Blytheman, aged 23, =in of the post and telegraph master of Piggoreet,. on Saturday afternoon was found at the foot of a chasm, 20 feet deep, near the town, into which it is supposed he fell. lie died the same evening. The trial of George Winm. Faithfil for thle attempt to assassinate Mr Russell, the Governneiit astronomer,, took place at Sydiey on r onayln. 'No "fresh eviildence Swnas adduced bythe Crown, and- the pri ::onner condudted his own defence.' 'I'he jury, after two hours' deliberation, ac quitted him. Sir William- Mnanning, in discharging the prisoner, said although the jury had'tak'ein a iliercfiul view' of his case, he had a strong impression he was guilty. -Argus tel. 'lhe Golden Hope Hotel, Forest Creek, was `irint~idown abbtiut; dat.m.,o!6n'Ved nesdiy. ''Tle houds, the-'roperty'bf ir ui'rchas, has been a long time unoccupied. It was one of the first hotels in the neigh bourthood and was built by Captain Tre Swartha. The'premises arc,insnred'in the 'Norwich Union for £300. The itisiirhn'ce (says the; R p're)eitatis') "wahld'" have expired on the 8th, and the company had given inotice to'tlie owner that they would not rcnei it. Life at St. Kilda appears to be liable to sosme contingencies not usually.' nomi. nated in the bond." The shell referred to in our ,lost, which plopghed its.. way throughl the streets' ons Friday' afternoon,( was inot the only dingerous missil 'that wentt cavorting around. A correspondent of the Argus writes:-'- While my',vifd and another lady," together with ihalf a dozen children, were sitting in a cab look. iug at tile review in the Albiert:park, their :attention was attracted byra loud rushing sound in the air, when immediately they saw a large' cannon6 ball plunge into the ground 'within 30ft. or 40ft. of where they were sitting.in the cab. Some other parties were very clos'd at handaiil it is 'niarvellous that no lives were lost." Rents will go down in St. Kilda if: this sort jof, :thing is allowed tol go-on. : The ships which have leftý'Mcbourne during the present" yeai"r for"India? Withi horses, have not escaped (says the Arguos) without some mortality amongst their four-footed:" freights. 'l'he' South ; Esk; which took 64, lost '10 ;'th'e Maulesden, which took 193, lost;45 5 'etiiseanid twii died on landing; ýth' Blythswood:slippied 241, and lost 1,1; the Allausbaw.196, and lost 25, torether with'three more on land ing: the Uddtbti took 266 tiid 'lost'58 at sea, whtile.three died.onsbore; the Ellora took 130, and lost 14,- four' others dying when they got on shore; and the' Rollo, which took 159 and Wilson's Circus tronpe, lost 18, and one more on 'shore. 'Iwo0:of Wilson's valuable circus horses, it is said' were anmongst tile deaths' on board :the Rollo. AMr W. \V. Burt, who' went up with the Blythswood's, horses came back by the mail steamer'l'Tanjore. .The following instructions: respecting registration are.published for general.. in formation :-Registration. of Pairliamen. tary Voters for insertion'lon'ithe general roll muat .he effected ibefore, the :lst! De cember,t i877: 'Riteia'yeris'b'hse 'nai'mes have been omitted ;fromn the Rultepi?aers' Rolls, should take out'Electors' Rights beforethe-abovedate.-Owners of free. hold property'1of the. value of £50, .or yearly value of' £5,' may take o'it Elec tors' Rights in .any Electoral District in whlich they hIave got 'such' property, 'ind, as well as tile tenant, be enrolled as Voters.-Persons having such freehold property in different Electoral Districts may be enrolled and entitled to vote in all of them.--Residents for twelve months in. the colony, and three months in any dis trict, may take out electors rights' and be enrolled as voters.-Electors who have changed their place of residence, or list their electors' rights, may procure a trans fer.of substituted right.-Personal appli cation must in all cases, be made to; the. registrar,; and it shilling fee stamp; pro vided by the applicant.-No one cant vote by virtue of an elector's right unless he produce the same at time of voting. 