Saturday, November 10, 1877. "What is the Upper House ? A foe simile of the House of Lords or an arbi trary quantity unknown to history ? Tin; relative positions of the House of Commons and the House of Lords are well known, and have been clearly 'tie lined hv British statesmen. The late, Earl of DiiniiY on the second rending of the Corn Importation Bill thus de scribes the functions of the House of Peers in 1B4C—“ It has never been lie “ course of this House (the Lordsjto “ resist a continued and deliberately.ix “ pressed public opinion. Your lcd “ ships always bowed and always kill “ bow to the expression of suehlan “ opinion, hut it is yours to check hsty “ legislation.’’ Lord LYsmiunsTjon the second reading of the Oaths BHin 185S goes on to say—“ I never uner “ stood that we could make a firm,:1c “ termined, persevering stand agaist “ the opinion of tlia other Hous of “ Parliament when that opinion is backed by the voice of the people. ,nd “ least of all on questions affecting i a “ certain degree the constitution of tat “ House and popular rights.” On another occasion Earl Grey cxplaied —" The House of Commons hart a “ control over the Crown in refusig “ supplies, and the Crown holds jie “ power of dissolution over the Cci “ mous ; but if a majority of this Horn « is to have the power of opposing bill Crown and Commons, then I say le b constitution of England is alter!, and is no longer Kings, Lords, al I Commons, but a House oi Lords—1 l! oligarchy—governing absolutely bo II Crown and Commons.” . The Hoc of Lords, according to these emine authorities, has not co-equal pow; with the Commons. Its functions .* pilrely suspensory, in order to clu hasty legislation on the part of i qeople should they happen to dee hirriedly or under excitement. 1 Tppcr House never comes into cout vith the people. Ignorant of the in trude, its struggles, requirements, i aspirations, how could it legislate wis 01 such matters? Public opinion! Eigland has every year become nh enphatic on the subject, and since l8 tolrated no contradiction. The Uefa Bil settled the constitutional quest for once and for ever. The opposih of Jie peers to that measure is mar of listory. The Lords were not tlirt eno. be it understood. They were t tliesort to be frightened. They ve coeijed by the creation of new pc;. Sixten were actually‘created, and e Lorq still holding out His Majev toolrthem in hand, delicately hint* tliat^sides the sixteen just createcb had si;ned a warrant at the request! the Maistiy, authorising them to crea anotho dozen. The bill was carried ■ a majoity of one ; and from that d to this every Englishmen knows th the veto.ig power of the Lords is a del letter, hey rashly on three subseque: occasions attempts! to revive the d. veto, buti.n vain. They rejected by, majority f cighty-rine the remission : duty on ppQr. Tie Lords failed t answer the outentioi of expediency, ar all the otlir argunents were iu'appl cable. Agai they.refused to pass tl disestablishiijnt of lie English Churc in Ireland bil and lire their argumcni were equally iapplioble to the pilei expediency st -np by Gladsto; Thirdly, tlieyi absoutcly refused abolish purclns in he army, and t Premier bddlj did so without th consent by ud d the jjuEEx’s warrai In all tliosf easesthe lords merely co firmed tlinr own hnptcncy, for th were force! to yiid. ’ The Legislati Council ff Victorii, liwever,' claiiqs f greater irerogativt tan tlio Briti House <f T-jOrds, •I'jj.ae prurqgativ have hen unfortuniev conceded to almost.mqtiestionod ,vjle I)eo.)i(; Ule selves. Murmurs with , very grace Irom a eoinmuL w],it-li e„j univesai sulVrn^.. ,u . counrv, if they are bamuPt of ne sity ie a reflex of the n:0M;lj c],arac Aptliy and mdilTeren. lu,xt to , rujioufoim the grave crime a ci mvijty can be guilty of.if tipatby iivifferciice who amongsis can ]ay hud on his heart aiulav “ I “innocent,” In thus ackri']ed.rin„. filpability ami apathy wdcLtthor oudone the unconstitutn’j anq amous conduct of out Jfen-islat, Under constitution mimbeoirthe ot nnmity was denied a voter rq acre land. Under constitutioinimiier i the former was conceded al tle lal was confiscated. We lfi0 ip ‘ during the last twenty ^yJta ‘ Legislative Council, hut i vai\ the important bills sent upby t\'e j sembly have received the Lme aisi —veto. After the Nationaparliam had got to work in Parish 17&) legislation shared the samejte at • hands of the king. lie ,(s ci( j\Lon^ieiir Veto. Poor Los }iacj\ royal yeto vested in him, andor thi; suffered. He vetoed himself ithc g lotiuo, And you, Mefssioui;,yETO the head of Botirko street, fiat li you to answer for ? Wo lmv hum petitioned, you to give us lea! to for gold in the creeks and ullicg Australia Felix, and what hasten v answer—-veto, We have petit*,ed for permission to search for tit w* did not belong to you, but to arsel end wlmt lias been your answd—v Commencing yitli Sir CiiarlesGD Duffy’s Laid Act of 1862fift jears ago, wq have humbly -peitio you for lcave to form homestells ourselves and, our families upin Crowii lands- o’, this cqlpny. AhL has been your jiswcr—-veto, procelcl meanyhile yoijselves to dummy \ lands and to cavort them to your' use. Over twnty million acres stand to yourbrodit, wliioli you 1 peopjpd with \ four-footed anini Messieurs VETfot the head of Bon street, you havryetoed us to death !; Australia Felixis once more roved rabidly to a slicb walk. The m/ner have punished i a trespasser, qiid ‘ farmer you haq left to starve in scrub. Do youlupposq that crimes this character adust the coimion u wil} go nnpunisld Do yor calcul that a conforeni, a conccsjion 0i dissolution of that hrepdiwhicli js callod the - LcgislativGovp of -Vit toria will ever atonmrp crimes of which you and the ehortc Thick you represent have bceuniraa;amst t|le people of this colony Bjjhc Eternal. No. If every acre d fo'y^uinea of which you are lnastwo?; pit irt tlle scale to-morrow, it wJdhcnnpens.ite for the foul and sore cniesyou ]iave perpetrated against nrllpvcreaturos. Decreeing iniquity}- . jla,v. Inevt bewildered, and bciloi ps [this com munity has been by srtfssion of im posters in thoguisef finds, they only require a clear injig'p analysis of the situation to enlo limjto act, ami there is a swift mraili mjthod about '.labour when it <ce nretsj its object jclearly in view. O'.lad mministrator follows another in icctsioij each fiml jing in the bureau dikpvciecessor the ‘same unvarying pginuie, one mil lion acres per amm o th squatters, •and yet they hetib denounce each [other's policy on c iistiigs. Who, .then, is to blame; bwillered public, .can you answer ? Ad vpen they bad blindfolded Hi.nthc sjit upon Him, saying prophccwluit 'as who smote thee.” And nncraic journalists idelugo their columsviti doctrines of [political economy ad he unearned [increment. Since lhy.dy.nt of the pre sent Ministry in Injlrty half a year’s [aggregations lire < aimed to the [squattei, and we reiojiware that one man in the people lauament has ever seriously made a. atmpt to arrest it. What mockery tcdiieiis constitutional questions. Nnnolitdd whilst Borne burned. Vital statistics ie )t our forte nor iTet. a theme on w .clre can expatiate ivith pleasure. 'heonsideration of ho risks wo run I’ o ten thousand physical ills that ip’s heir to—from itmospheric, dieteti domestic, and icrcditary causes, ‘e moving acci dents by flood aifiold ” besetting luman existence t every side, the nanv contingencies which the foehle bread of life doper and the uncer ■ainty as to the inst of its snapping nay present faseinai aud attractions o your devil- may-c; sensational men, rat our nerves are itoo feebly strung o find enjoyment anything save the ’outino butterfly car of that class who, ilways contemplatithe bright side of current events, aretermined to make ilie most of the wo while we are in it. However, notwitlmding this philo sophical opinion, tre are certain facts which occasionally presenting them selves to our jogance defy all effort at summary dismal—facts involving such importantlcoderations that they force themselves four notice in every moment of relnjion, darkening our midnight dreaimaml, like Banquo’s ghost, taking thread of our convivial table. Of tils nnre Are the particulars of births, (Pathsand diseases of our colonial soaal iiftabulated for the past year by thaGoviNWEXT Statist, and now lying jpen 'fore us. The details under the Irst lud present but little of an objccpnabl character, its chief point of ntere suggesting simply a metaphysial prflem, enigma, or para dox in dlmetral opposition to every recognise/ aritluetical principle—viz., tint inasiuch i in the numeration of oir Statcpehoiidays one and one were mi versa'}- allcred to make two in adnlt lifi we grerall find that, if the units be of ojosit sexes one and one on sone mvj:erip/s principle too corapli caed foiour jiacholor intelligence will frjquent ma'/ihalf a dozen. Seventeen tlimsan imlliinety-eight arrivals are clronid fim realms unknown, aud as the cry , stil thov come, serious ap prliens 1 inidit be entertained whether tlis sy ;m c unassisted emigration wndd i; in afew- years so materially inrcaS' the ensus of the colony that itscerq produce, taken in conjunction will tlqgrainmported, would prove in.-, acquceto oir support. Nevertheless tb neeaity f all anxiety on this topic wuldbc snprseded if other districts wee lie our lorqugh of Williamstown, wiereiif reeeit years the animal efflux of lii'; balaned its influx, nearly as nuiy.lying i the twelve month as are bon. Now i is this excessive rate of lqrtiity, eceptional to " the whole c.o.nv, that timulatcs investigation as tcpmscs liiierto escaping notice ; fop hsfa as suprlieial observation are con jveplc to t'e formation of an estiuinta jwo :i Wilamstown appear tx> exist link conclians especially promotivcot loigvily. Why is it, we ask, that ex chiitig Cilingwood, our mortality is greier tha that of any other portion of Vieiria? Hie principles of hygiene will easilyaceount for the large per contge of eaths in Collingwood. Built it io ba; of a circumference of low lills the cclivitios ot which gravitate ,owrd it c. every side ; having for its life a mishy tract, not only exhaling ioisnousiinsmata from its independent escurccsput also receiving the contri jitims oiioxious matters impregnating flowing from the densely lp'ilateihigher grounds round about ; til foies almost tangent on every ,le l,in ceiled, defective of yards and tl aciunnodation : we can scarcely llmler hat maladies of an infections canoti are perpetuated there, the sbni) ot only insuring the death of a pportion of its own residents, but itiing a central focus from which motive influence may be carried, listriots encircling it. Contrast our position in Williamstown. g a peninsula with the sea on ;des, detached by an interval of. tom town or hamlet, having is the wide expanse of the Wer tlL tojn with Oyi th . Ilans, on which a march contain dfc<Qiposin£g vegetablo matter—the pratb ause of intermittent and febrile disclis—was nevor known to exist. Evtf find sweeping over the area of our fcapation is salubrious, while the atmlpere we breathe is laden with the health saline gases of the clear, blue occai Why, we inquire, should wo did in su rapid succession ? The instances Df occrenco of diseases amongst us is lonskably below the average of those if otl communities of equal or greater ensu It is in the casualties that we icectiiom; they recording restoration; tl frils aiid families in a vast majority oU-lu,oases' whore wc' can only point tqthlark and silent tomb in explana ticU ( broken hearts and blighted e'x ■>eu:a>ps. Have the salutary statistics if Wiamstown undergone a revolution vitlliithe last five years or have the onstitions of its tenants become sud enlinervated from entailed or heredi ty iuses within that period; for oth f is more certain than that ante ideUto 1871 the deaths per tliovi inc c: the population did not reach lytiig like the enormous'' average’ nc«j aiained. Some dissentient Voied t (vieh to ostablisli' a parallel between Williamstown and Scarborough, 'Brighton, or other marine watering | place in the antipodes, where with j Italian skies and genial atmosphere the ; deaths exceed by immense proportion I less favoured localities. This result is j explicable on the fact that residence in j those places constitutes the forlorn hope | of consumptives and other invalids of the United Kingdom, who there termi nate their hopeless career. This, how ever, is not the case with Williams town. Hero there is no temporary re sidence of strangers of the interior. Our population is essentially onr own, and from the argument adducihle on the above premises, having excluded Kew from ths comparison, we insist that the deaths are too frequent for editorial silence, Whatever the particulars solv ing the mystery may be, they will not be found in local causes ; for in singular distinction to the excessive mortality amongst the well fed, well housed, under worked borough residents wc have the lowest death-average in the whole table—onlj live: per thousand—'among the seamen c:'' the port, who indepen dently of exposure to vocational perils, are compelled from the necessities of position to endure vicissitudes of climate and weather, subsisting on food con taining a very limited amount of nutri ment for nine months of the year. Docs prudence suggest the propriety of trust ing to nature in our afflictions, and abandoning our medical men ? She at any rate is infallible in her policy, her efforts always restorative, though her object be effected l>y circuitous process. Better, we emphatically proclaim, to he cured under simple, primitive measures than extinguished with the light of science. The experiment is not with out precedent. Ilomeoepathy has achieved a success in numberless cases around by patient submission to nature’s guidance ; for the action of the infinitesi mal dose does not interfere therewith to the most minute extent. The artizans of the railway workshops, 'Williamstown, contributed £37 11s 9d to the Melbourne charities. The Naval Reserve under the command of Captain Fullarton were yesterday exercised on board the Ki-lum. Is it true that the worthy landlord of the <: George” netted £10,000 on the Cup ? Ask KhakowskI at tho Furniture Mart, corner of Cecil and Thompson streets, Williamstown. Mr Patrick Kelly of Wvndham has been gazetted as a classifier under the new Land Act. Mr Robert Scott, Wyndlmm, has also been appointed to the same office. The Rev. Matthew Hayes was last week gazetted a trustee of the land set apart on the 27th December, 1852, as a site for a Roman Catholic Church, Footscray. The siding for goods traffic at the North Williamstown station is completed. The De partment will at once construct a roadway to it, and it is anticipated that it will be avail able for public use at the latter end of next The brethren of the Loyal Gellibrand lodge of M.H. Odd Fellows celebrated their seven k^teenth anniversary uy a ball, which was held the Old Wesleyan Church, Ann-strect, on ^Thursday night. There were a large number •S®of members of the order present, and dancing gl&tvas; kept up with spirit until early morning. pF jir E. Barbour, an old Williamstonian, fi^aud the owner of considerable property in rJjthe borough, has been returned to the New I^Soutli Wales Parliament,- as representative .iof Der.iliquin. Mr Barbours views arc l-'iihoroughly liberal and progressive, so there . rejean bc ntllc d0nbt but that he will prove an ^-acquisition to the new Assembly. S-l ; On Tuesday evening Mr George Duncan, ' iUaiclbourne-roud, Williamstown, was pre l-f'Seuted with a splendid inkstand and a gold Sripcncil. The presentation was made by Capt. " fi|;pa)garno on behalf of the temperance feocieties in whose cause Mr Duncan has been jlga .very active and ardent supporter. The re j-y(Cipient, who is leaving for New Zealand, ip Acknowledged the gift in appropriate terms. I ,: a malicious act of cruelty was committed fcjearly last Sunday morning at Yarraville by !■;'some unknown party, who stabbed a cow, belonging to a man named Pianta. The poor animal was found lying dead with • 'yiaeveral stabs in its hind quarters, some of y Which had no doubt proved fatal. So far the cowardly perpetrators have escaped de ■tcciion, hut it is to bc hoped in the interest % humanity that their misdeeds may yet •find them out. interesting naval cricket match will l'|ake place on tbe ground o£ the Williamstown fKelub on Thursday nest. The men and officers Ejjl the Cerberus will play against the men . 'hgjid officers of II.MS. ll olrereiie. lhe ' It&jatch; will he enhanced by the presence and lyerformance of the excellent band of the imperial man-of-war. It is rumoured that e.&e; II olterene came round here purposely ■ If* this match ; but we may he pardoned for fiflatiy denying it. Still it is to come oil, and pti'is to be hoped there will be a line day. fcy'yAn interesting case will shortly occupy J j.fthe attention of a County Court judge. The r jBussuu'. war has apparentl}r put the members fe«fj our local Artillery corps on their mettle, ayr&s; some enthusiastic member a few days |P»jij!ice could not restrain his military ardour, feyiflled with patriotism, he unfortunatoly V, Hoaded with lead, and shot—not an invader, Ipijj'nt a cow, the owner of which (Mr Macro, of l^lliamstown), has sued the death-dealing i^srrior for the loss of his favorite domestic , |jatumal. P\> The Williamstown Choral Society are pre to give a grand musical and dramatic; Kyiipmformaiicc on Monday evening, the JUth Itlilnst. Sullivan’s cantata, “ Trial by Jury,” !r|il be rendered ih character, as performed 0he Opera House, Melbourne, Miss Lam iMt of Lyster’s troupe having been engaged jjlake tie principal part. Several Melbourne je^tlemen, well inown in musical circles, aye kindly promised their services, so that ja& treat is certain to prove tbe most rich $wfinti rare ever placed before a Williamstown ^audience, and will doubtlessly draw a crowded Iphouse. - |i;|i.: -®e annual Hibernian ball took place on IJStiilUisduy evening at tbe ball of the Me ;l%|jljanics’ Institute, Williaiuslown. The ball was tastefully decorated with large ,[l|ii]gS between the larger flags, smaller ones 1 ^m-flajjstiilV leaning forwards from the wall. Pffiljj; noVei ’ arratigemeh t added Considerably ■ fine effect. 'Dancing commenced SpttBitly after nine o’clock. As the floor was Salexccllont order and a capital band of five l^^^jrniers was provided, dancing was kept ! pfi^j^early uninterruptedly till six o’clock. l|gp|]£luties of M.C. devolving on Mr Charles pfpt>?pn, it is needless to say they were most ifetsiEcnently carried out as well ps all the other t&S;^iiSgements made by the stewards and the indefatigable secretary. The catering, which (p^S'innder the direction of Mr Gilbert, gave lUjyersal satisfaction. Hotliing tended in ISjJway to'hmr the enjoyment of the'even fffarid doubtless tbe success of these enter -iii&ents; will increase, if possible, in tbe titSe, as no trouble or expense is spared by ' f to lYhom tlieir direction is delegated. Til? spirited proprietor of tlie George Hold. Wiiiiamstown, Hr Goble, invites the public to visit him to-day at No. 7 Booth, on the lliil. Th» smelting worksr<f Yarravilie are heir.g energetically pushed on. The large smote stack was completed this week. The com pany will be in a posiii.m to commence operations in about three months. On the motion of Mr Dixon of St. Kiel a last Wednesday evening. Williamstovn, Footseray. and Brighton were excluded fum the operation of the new Gas Compaiy’s Bill. We regret to hear that Mr J. Drury, Oerk of Petty Sessions at Williamstown, has ben compelled, by severe illness, to obtain two months’ leave of absence. His place has been tilled by Mr Holmes of Melbourne. The Cabinet, we understand, have deeded not to place any further sum on the estimates for the destruction of sharks. This dccsion will be a disappointment to many, espiiiially to those who have gone to considerabi ex pense in lilting out boats and gear for.their capture. From a return presented to Parliamnt it appears at the last general election the ppu lation within the electoral district of bots cray was fiiiOO. The number of male res) cnls over 21 years of age 1700. The nnmbr of electors who voted OSS. In Willianuown the population was S200, those over 21 ears being 2200. The total, votes recorded 1'20. A renewed effort is to be made to strt a building society in Footseray and Willtms town. These districts should preset a splendid Held for the operation of sue an undertaking, and judging from the prmisc of support already vouchsafed the premiers, there can be little doubt of the suecssfnl floating of the project. From a return of the aboriginal natbs in the colony of Victoria last March it apears that there were adult males, -12a ; feiales, 211 ; children, IBS ; or a total of 77-1. fin's, of course, is excluding the mixed bloc, of which there was a total of 292. These flares bring forcibly home to the mind the ipid manner in which this unfortunate raeiare being blotted oat. A meeting of the Indian Famine Hief Fund Committee was held in the borigli chambers, Williamstown, last Wednelay evening. It was reported that the sum f a hundred pounds had already been collecd. The committee determined to extend lie time for closing the list until next Wecbs day next. We are informed that a smn of £1500as been placed upon the additional estimatcior the construction of the bridge across Stcey Creek as well as an amount for fencin a portion of the Short-road running thro;h Fisherman’s bend, Sandridge to preventts destruction from the accumulation of sal drift. Messrs Mill and Overton, who' have cently started business in Cowper-stnt, Footseray, as blacksmiths and coachbuildji, last Saturday completed a handsome vtj gonette to the order of Mr Mitchell, ^. The trap is a very creditable piece of woV inanship, great pains evidently having ba taken to turn out a first class article. It capable of seating six persons comfortub, its specialty being that the brake with whi it is fitted is so constructed that it folds bac so as not to be an obstruction in the way 1 persons getting in and out of the vehicle. : The annual dinner of the WiiliamstoM Football Club was held last Monday evenir in the old Wesleyan church. About thirt; five sat down to an excellent repast providi by Mr Paul of the Masonic Hall, Melbourn After justice had been done to the goj things, Mr Jobson, the president of the clii with a few very pleasant remarks present the medals given by Mr Waycott for I best drop kick in the first and second-twef to the winners, Messrs (Jlbrick and W. Lif field respectively. Toasts and songs filleip the rest of the evening, and everybody j parted having thoroughly enjoyed Ut selves and spent a very pleasant time. The extreme and unreasonable sevey with which drunkards are frequently dt with by the 'VVilliamstown Bench has on called forth unfavorable comments fa ■those who have been in comt at the timf conviction and who have seen simr offences punished by 'Melbourne magistpi. Two notable instances of the injustice} which allusion is made occurred this wi. Two seamen were arrested and locked up tween ten and eleven o’clock on Saturr evening, charged with being drunk and t orderly. They were to all intents and.p poses prisoners for thirty-six hoars, wl the time arrived to bring them before, court—viz., ten o’clock on Monday morni The men as usual were judged and punisl according to the letter of the law with; any consideration of the circumstances which their respective cases were surround They were each ordered to pay a fine of or complete a period of imprisonment extei ing to sixty hours. Two and a half days gaol for a simple charge of intemperance for an offence that has more of a sinful th a criminal nature I The City magistral would have sent them about their bnsine convinced they had satisfied the demands justice. The senes or working men s concerns ai temperance meetings, inaugurated „some fa montbs ago by Mr Matthew Burnett, ai which have grown weekly in popularity at importance, were last night brought to close for the season by a grand demonstr. tion, which was a triumph in every wa fitting and worthy of the noble cause ai vocatcd. The drill room was densely crowdt by eager, interested, and patient listener there being fully nine hundred present i abouj, one eighth of the population of tl whole borough—a by no means insigniticai fact. Of the numerous audience it was nob worthy that the majority belonged ( the rising generation, the fair sex licit] largely represented, so that if it meai anything it points to a happier nr brighter future for young Australia thr their progenitor's enjoyed who struggh uudar the curse of a degrading vi< The chair was occupied by the Rev. J. Halley, and the assemblage was address! by several gentlemen, among whom we the Revs. King and Ross, the Hon. F, Lon more, Mr Nimino, M.L.A., and Mr Matthc Burnett. Some excellent music was re .dered by the cljoir, duofts, frjos, and son also being given. We are sorry that we a unable to give a full1 report of' the meetin Owing to the. lateness in tire week and prt Sure on our space, as many of the speech tvero well worthy of record, However, i trust that when the season comos round the gatherings will be renewed, if only as a men of educating the young above our failin; and hope on some future occasion to be al to give them the prominence they deserve, If you want a Costume at a reasonal price, without the “ worry ” of Dressmake call at Edwin Geacil’s, 149 and 151 Bourl street, (opposite Eastern Arcade), and inspi his STOCK, where you can be. suited fr( 12s 9d to 81s. ■ Patterns'by post. N.B, Sewing Machines of all- kinds on Sale; a' Bought, Exchanged, and ltopaired, The Government anticipate bringing the pn si.'iu su.-rion :o a i-lu-o within the next three weeks. nnle-s the Council prove ob structive. ami reject the Appropriation Hill, because it contains that obnoxious pill—pay ment of ineutiier-. We confess tiiat it is Very ulikoly that, our " Lords ’’ will adopt such an extreme course. Yesterday being the Prince of Wales birth day it was observed as a general holiday. In Footscray and Williamslown, beyond the shops being closed, there was little to distin guish it from the ordinary week day. The Williamstown Artillery left the latter place by the 10.20 train and took part in the re view held in the Albert Park. The corps however were not very strongly represented on the occasion. Complaints reach us daily of the incon venience caused by the central door at the Footsoray station being closed, and passen gers consequently compelled to make a long detour in order to reach flic platform. It does seem absurd that this practice should be allowed by the Department to continue, and we trust that now the attention of the. ener getic Commissioner of Itaihvays has been called to the matter, he will give instructions to have this remnant of red-tapeisin abolished A sudden death occtired at Dover--treet, Williamstown, on Wednesday morning last, about nine o’clock. A constable of the water police, named Henry Edwards, had been at home ill-of chest disease, and at the hour mentioned was- silting at breakfast, when he was seized with a fit of coughing. The strain thus produced ruptured a bloosl vessel in one of his lungs, which resulted in immediate death. He had been a resident of Williams town for some years, and at one time be longed to the crew of the Cerberus. His remains were followed by bis comrades on Thursday afternoon to their last resting place in the cemetery. One of the best tests of prosperity is to be found in tiie state of our Saving Banks. Not withstanding tiie numerous and yearly in creasing facilities offered to the public by the establishment in every town of a post office savings bank, the older and parent society still shows a steady and satisfactory increase, which, when tiie additional com petition is taken into consideration, proves the saving and thrifty habits of our popula tion. The number of depositors’ accounts at the 1st July, 1S77, was 137S greater than at the 1st July, 1870 ; and the amount of de positors’ balances at the 1st July, 1S77,- was £33,257 15s lOd more than at the same month of the previous year. The Baptist denomination of Williamstown with the vigor which has characterised their brethren in England and America have been for some time past putting fortli their ener gies to raise a fund for the erection of a church. Tit is sect at present finds accommo dation in the Odd Fellows’ Hall in r.-isco street, but tiie prospect is not now remote when they will worship under a roof of their own. Mr Isaac Hopkins was selected to act for the congregation at the land sale in the late Captain Jones estate, which was heldby Jlr Alfred1 Bliss, auctioneer, in his rooms* Collins-street, on Wednesday last. An allot ment with a frontage of (19 feet, opposiie Mr I’entland’s in|Cccil-strcet, was purchased as a site for the church. The price was at the rafe of £2 per fgot. A bazaar with the object of accomplishing the work alluded -to will be held in December next. A fatal accident occurred at the Bailway Pier, Williamstown, shortly after midnight on Wednesday last. A seaman, named George Brown, belonging to tiie JililtUulcs, was returning to bis vessel with a shipmate, named Slade. The deceased walking up the gangway behind Slade was heard to fall off into the wafer between the ship’s side and the pier. Slade threw a rope in the direc tion of the drowning man, and called to his assistauce soaie of the officers and crew ; but their best efforts to save life were in vain. Brown, who was silent after he fell in the water, only remained on the surface for a short time, and then sinking was drowned. The water police rccovereil the body in an hour, and conveyed if. to the morgue. The deceased, who was about thirty-seven years of age, had been ashore dming the day, and was slightly intoxicated in the evening. An inquest, was held at the lioyal Hotel, on Thursday afternoon, at which a verdict of drowned by accident was returned. The residents of Wyndham have saved a large areiv-of town common, or unappropri crown lands adjoining their township, from the hands of a number of selectors in the neighborhood. The land was pegged out in blocks, some of which were ns large as fifty acres, and the usual applications were set down for hearing before the Land Board at Melbourne. The ratepayers in the district resolved at a public meeting to oppose this appropriation of public property and ap pealed to the Council for assistance to accom plish their object. This local body without hesitation warmly sympathised with the cause and complied with their request. When the applications came before the board last week they were each and all refused. Whether the land in question be a portion of the town common or crown lands, it will not be given away to tlio first comer “ free, gratis, and for nothing.” The fire which occurred last week in Gif ford-strect, Williamstown, has proved to have been far more disastrous in its effects than was at first publicly known or anticipated. Mr Bennett and bis family, who are the principal sufferers, have not only been ren dered homeless, but actually left without clothing, and it was only through the kind ness of others that they wero ablo to appear before the world. Nor is this all, the measure of their misery and destitution was not filled-until even the tools with which the bread-winner had to earn a livelihood for those dependent on him for existence were destroyed by the relentless element. A harder case, anil one more deserving of assistance, is rare'}- met with. Mr Beiiugtt has resided in ‘Williamstown for twentyttwo years, and has ■ever been a bard working and upright man. lIIis little home, which has beon destroyed, ‘was his own property, and the result of many !years of careful industry and saving. He )ias a large family dependent on him, and fiiis loss is aggravated by the fact that one of :his daughters is a helpless cripple, requiring All the comforts, kindnesses, and attention Svhick parental solicitude and love alone can Aestow. It is sad and pitiful indeed, that Anyone, after long years of toil and strug gling, should, by one fell swoop, bp rijiiipd, And fflrced in tboir' old days to begin' tiie Svorld anew, and while battling with press ing cares and poverty see all tlioy love dear 'on earth wanting and suffering,' without the ''|>ower to holp them. Such must he the re sult in this case, as there is very little hope Af a person circumstanced as Bennett is ever 5%trieving his heavy losses, unless kind Samaritans give n helping hand, and the jinny assist the one distressed to bridge over —is misfortune, Subscription lists have beon j]£icpared for this purpose, and wo are cer rsjain that tbe sad surroundings of this serious "disaster have but to be told to Hie people of J^Villiamstown to call forth the prompt and _bernl gsnerosity which they are ever ready Iso) show when appealed to on behalf of want ’ad Euffaing, 