WOMEN AND BORES. (FROM THE SATURDAY REVIEW.) Men are more easily bored than women, while women are more subject to ennui than men ; and the fact seems to throw some light on the delicate distinctions between ennui and boredom. It would be a mistake to suppose that the latter is the English type of the former malady, which more nearly resembles the mythical disease that the French call le spleen. Perhaps, if we try to be accurate, we might define ennui as a general and per manent weariness resulting from some theory of life, or from some set of con ditions that affect the whole tenor of exist ence. Boredom, on the other hand, is the chance depression caused by par ticular circumstances ; as, for example, by the presence of this or that sort of com panions, by the weather, and so on. Now, it seems natural to expect that, if a woman is to be boxed at all, she will be bored in detail, so to speak—will be sub dued by this or that uncongenial influence, rather than depressed by a morbid theory of life as a whole, or by a gloomy habit of mind. Philosophers, from Aristotledown wards, have spoken of the fair as the creatures of a fleeting moment, and as the spoils, in a harmless sense, of opportunity. But this plausible theory is contradicted by the facts of boredom and of ennui. Women never appear in so amiable a light as in their relations with bores. The world is full of men like St. Aldegonde iu Lothair, sensitive creatures who are al ways shuddering at the distant prospect of being bored. But there are so few women like Lady Dedlock in Bleak House, that Dickens may be supposed to have fashioned her, like his other lords and ladies, out of a phantasy which borrowed nothing from observation. When hus bands and wives are obliged or induced to go in search of pleasure, the lady na turally foresees a crowd of perils which will haunt the man, but which do not scare her. She knows that she will have to lead him, as Faith guides Reason in a popular print, through desolate regions beset by ghostly foes which are to her in visible. She will have to protect him with the buckler of good temper and other spiritual armour from the assaults of bores of every degree. She will be obliged to console him, or at least to listen to his complaints after dinner parties in which the dull and the prosy have beset him on this side and on that. From old ladies who have seen a great deal of fo regn society, and are full of talk about the dear Khedive and the sweet Empress ; from amateur mediums, from political prigs, she does not suffer, or does not seem to suffer; and, in fact, she rises above the facts of her environment, while he is the forlorn victim of circumstance. In visits to country houses, and iu the inevitable encounters with kinsfolk, this peculiarity of women is peculiarly pre cious. Even before breakfast, in some rural home of dreary creatures, a man beholds, as ha dresses, the spectre of the boredom which dwells on the threshold of the day. In the rainy morning, when the funereal pine-trees wave their wet plumes before the windows, the spectre takes palpable shape. The letter-bag ar rives, and contains nothing but bills and accounts of 12 hours' fighting, which look vastly different from the point of view of Belgrade and of Constantinople. There is nothing to do but to inspect the hindquarters of the carriage horses in the stables, or to contemplate one of those fox-terriers which, according to the sport ing advertisements, " will fill a gentle man's eye." A gentleman whose eye can not be thus easily filled, and who can find neither boobs nor sympathetic com pany, is the victim of a melancholy at once snappish and ignoble. If he looks forward for dinner, he also looks forward to conversation as dull as the echoes in a whispering gallery, or in a resonant se pulchre of prehistoric kings. He knows that for the twentieth time he will be found to have forgotten the ramifications of his wife's family, and will be detected in shameful ignorance about the con nexion of the first husband of the widow whom her grandfather espoused at his third nuptials. Mean time the partner of his cares is alert, and even joyous. She has not the scent for bores, as the blacksmith in Silas Marner had not the smell for a ghost. Women are fortunate in their exemp tion from a severe social trial, but the spectacle of their mild enjoyment of the bore is often irritating. No man likes a woman's man, and he who becomes a woman's man by virtue of the very quali ties that make him distasteful to his own sex is peculiarly odious. It is not very difficult to discover good reasons why la dies should often welcome him whom men flee from in terror. The bore is al most always in earnest, and this charac teristic is sometimes a welcome change. It must foe remembered that when men meet women, they naturally expect what the poet calls " an hour of ease," and are not deposed for stern intellectual exer cise. Many women of our day, on the other hand, look forward to men as their only chance of really improving conversa tion. This is where persons like Daniel Deronda have an unfair advantage ; for they are ready in all seasons to " quarrel with a duchess about theology." A ball room or a lawn- tennis party affords them as good an opportunity as they could wish of adapting the views of Mr. Herbert Spencer to the minds of untaught lis teners. A mail who carries about every where his farrago of philosophy, politics, ethics, and so on is naturally considered a bore by men ; but there are always wo men who can only get their speculative wares from peddlers of this sort. The or dinary discussion-shops and lecture-rooms are closed to women, whose demand, in deed, is not regular, and so they welcome the occasional visit of the prig. His stock of knowledge—his " notions," as the Ame ricans say—may not be of the best quality, and he may not expose them in the fit ting place ; but there is no other place open, and there are no other notions to be had. Thus women will put up with the scientific, or the spiritualistic, or the travelling, or the tuft-hunting bore. They will listen to him whether he proses of Egypt or of Lord's, and they are gratified by the demure attention of the well-in formed bore, who neglects 110 possible source of useful knowledge. It must always be remembered that, if women are tolerant of this or that in dividual bore, it is partly because tliey have not time to find him out. He pro bably talks well about himself and his special subject; and if he has not time to spoil the impression, he may deceive the unwary. A man, to be sure, knows a bore from the very first by that un failing instinct which is perhaps the per manent effect of ancestral experiences. The well-informed prig rarely takes a man in, let him charm never so wisely. Still there are exceptions; we are all liable to be imposed on; but the bore soon reveals himself in his true colours if he has a chance. There are so few people who will listen to him that he sticks to those who do, and makes life hideous to them in clubs and places where men congregate. With women he naturally has not the same chances, and an intellectual woman may live in the same house with a bore for weeks and I never find him out. If there are female bores—a question which is, perhaps, too subtle for discus sion—it is probable that they are not treated by their own sex with quite such gentle tolerance as the male of the spe cies. A man may find a woman to he a not unpleasant neighbour at dinner, and may afterwards learn from his wife that she is a bore. Possibly there is some good and sufficient reason why she should be spoken of with bitterness, quite apart from the reason assigned. Possibly, on better acquaintance, he, too, would find her out. At the worst women cannot suffer as much as men do from tedious and depressing persons of their own sex. The male bore has really nothing in com mon with humanity ; his pet theme, or theory, or grievance entirely absorbs him. There are topics, on the other hand, about which every woman can talk as well as another, and of which 110 woman ought to weary. Thus a lady may be a : bore about the higher education of wo- : men, about Cambridge examinations she may wax excessively dreary, about de corative art or about missions to the Fue gians she may have far too much to say. But it is easy with a little tact to allure her from the question of woman's rights to that of lady helps, and so, insensibly and by degrees, to servants at large, and then into personal gossip. A stream of twaddle about decoration may be turned into the channel of dress, and may then be made to flow through rich dominions of small talk about people. Thus boredom vanishes under the spell of scandal, and woman escapes from the plague which is peculiar to the experience of man. 