'en you w," ... "THE'aOLDIER~~I1E AND THE SPY, A Tale of the Siege of Sebastapool. CuAPTER IV.--(Continued.) Few sounds rose to break the repose and stillness of the season, except when the occasional bark of the watchdog or the voices of servants suddenly sounded through the silent air. Lights gleamed from the windows of the old hall, and 'sho?e out in clearly-defined rays thir. u :h the thick darkness, throwving a st r:lioc air of wild beauty upon the i,..... !iate vicinity of tho place, and gi,: , to some parts of the .nearest agro',,* nr appearance of beauty a'nd splendlour which it were diticult to descrile. T'he most brilliant stream of lig;t canme forth from the window of a small turret chamber at the northern extreTctV of the hall, and while. it Oashed darkly through the darkness, c?eusionsl eclipse and the thick shadow last ae timies upon the grove on whilch he ligh t fAll, showed that a human form .s passing and repassing before it. some one was pacing up and down that mall chamber. Two persons occupied this chamber. )ne was a young man of fine figure, and tee which would have been pronounced :ands.,me, had not a certain downcast irinjured the expression, He was :chly dressed, in a long gown of soft uilted silk, and lazily reclined upon a >ia a? one side of the apartment. His apanios was much older, and, from te striking family resemblance between e two, he was evidently the father of e youug man. Hlie wais plainly dressed, .d paced the floor near the window. s he walked up and down he spoke t ua word, but keeping his hands bind. him, he gazed abstractdly upon fl or, as though involved in thought. o room was adorned in an antique .nuer. and its panelled wall decked ;h faded tapestry, had no air of gloom ich even the brilliant light could ree expel. So you think your measuras are well en 1' suddenly said the young man, ng hiuself from the sofs. As well as humari ingenuity could ice, or human industry execute,' ied the elder, stopping in his idvalk i gazing intently upor his compan Why, then, are you so anxious?' I am not anxious, Reginald, my boy the other with a dlight smile; ' I tot anxious, but I am, or rather I, thinking whether there were any 4dr steps to be taken by which the ss of my project could be secured.' think von have done all that you Xes Lionel D'Arecy is safe in the ba,'said the other, with a bitter . ' Perhaps his noble and chivalrous may save him from danger and SPerhaps his matchless courage him from misery and sta:rvation ?' isory and starvation I How?' bhet I so warmly seconded the i of Lionel to obtain a commission army of the Orimea, I knew well e was going to a place from which vas little prospect of his returning. , y boy; I forsaw mismanagement, mg, lhorror, beyond all that you m agine, in this expedition. Lionel Sd upon it. Lionel vill never i you may be mistaken. They Sit yet sufflred.' you not know that a Russian Sis coming on, and that the army ierly unprepared? They are r, forward to ruin from their own i iagment. Lionel will never ]:ithere are changes Have you I 1 thisalone?' ]I I. I have taken otbher 1.?' SIGreek i' Greek Philippo?' IPlilippo. I think that there is ;Iger of Philippo's conscience !.g withthe execution, on his 11l the plans ,vith ivhich I have Shim. I pay him well; and i)bbed a Greek church and i murder thu priests, who has Sisalan spy for-six year, he will anything, I i!nagine.' ?your hopes of Liihea's death Stwo foundations?' If war and starvation, and oes notputhim outof the way, 'maohinatious of my trusty illl certainly finish him. mind is subtile, and his 'een. Snot suppose tliat Philippo inate Lionel, do you ?' said , Wiith a half shudder. d D'Arcey, you have uot got fa man'? Listen,' said the ing a chair to the sofa, and m, while a hideous expression of triumph crossed his countenance Listen. My Greek is no common murderer. He is an artist. I know my man. Be has been long my coadjitator in our dealings with the Czar, both formerly and latterly. He will go to work in a scientific manner, and do all that may be required of him in the most frsistio manner. Now he will pretend to be the most' attached and faithful of valets. I-He will contrive some way to save Lionel's life, so as to secure bis esteem and confidence. He will get presents from his master. But he will uncoct some elaborate plan for the ruin of Lionel, which shall utterly over whelm him. I should not wonder, knowing Philippo's character, if he were -o have Lionel inveigled into some spying scrape. U, Philippo understands taiogs? Hie will manage it.' ' Is there no fear that Lionel may win the fellow's good will, and that Philippo may prove treacherous ?' £ have no such fear.' ' And yet he is treacherous, for,he plays that game on Lionel.' 'True, but I have made it for his interest to serve me. I-le hnslong been an agent of mine. I befiended him, have paid him liberally, and continue to do so, with a promise that if I come into possession of the estate as I desire, he shall share a most princely reward for the part he plays.' 'Is the Greek entirely mercenary ' '?.I think sod; and on that string of his nature have I played, though I have more than once suspected he has got a soul.' 'Souls and consciences are incon venient things,' replied Reginald; ' f6r my part, I don't see why they were created.' 'In possession of our tools decidedly bad, and useless all together.' Now, if this scheme or any other fails, there is the chance of a bullet in a skirmish, you knew,' said Reginald. 'Right my boy; but the snake in the ,rass will be a character more suited to the Grecian genius of Philippoe.' 'Lionel then is done for. I think that is pretty ecirtain--Hs I what rioise is that ?' and Reginald suddenly leaped from the couch. ' What noise? There was no noise. 'How canthere be any. It's yoer'flan; you coward ?'said the father, sternly. 'I'm no coward; I did 'hear a noise.: You know, too, that we cannot be too careful in our conversation, for walls have ears.' . 'True,' said the other. "'. Let us see that all is right, even if it be only for our own satisfaction; .' They opened the door and looked out, but saw nothing; they narrowly aearched the closets and coraers of the room, but as nothing was found, they concluded that it was an imaginary souind, and resumed.their.conversation. 'Lionel, the son and heir, being gope, then,' said Reginald, ' all the game is ours.' ' Yes,all is ours. MIy brother is safe in my hands. The cursed'fool? Why should he be the elder, and get all those broad lands? He shall not receive the value of them. I£ will do his son, Lionel, to death, and he too shall be dead within these walls before three months pass away.' 'The concoction is certain?' ' Asdeath.' ' Where did you get it ?' 'The imperial physician at St.,Peters burgh gave me the receipt, when I was there last year.' It is a preparation which the Empress Catherine was fond of administering to those whom she wished to put out of the way in an easy and unsuspicious manner.' 'HoA fortunate ? You owe much to your Russian connection.' 'Much. I should have starved, had not the chivalrous Orlandoff found me, lifteen years ago, and engaged me as gentleman correspondent to the Czar. Ha I ha I Long live the Czar ?' 'He pays well, any way.' 'Especially in war time." An unmistakable noise suddenly was heard. Both started up. i What was that ?' cried Reginald, starting and terrified. ' By Jove, I don't know.' They looked at one another, and then eagerly searched the room. They took lights, and going on, examined the other rooms. They looked out from the window, determined to be satisfied of the safety of their situation from all listeners. 'It must be the wind; no one is here,' said Reginald. They resumed their seats, and spoke not for some time. At last Reginald exclaimed : ' What of Irene ?' 'Irene? Why, when Lionel is finished, she; of'course, must revert to you in the natural order of things.' ' Yes, she must. Of course she must. But just now she is pretty far from thinking of such a thing-' 'Poohl I If she dislikes you now, she will soon get over that. Leave that to me. She must be yours. She is too precious a prize to lose !' SHow did you become her guardian ? You never told me,' said Reginald. ' Her father became obnoxious to the Greek government, under which he lived, you know, and came to live in England. I became acquainted' with the wealthy Nikolai Arbanon in London. I could speak fluently modern Greek, and I was a dabstcr at ancient; so I got into the good graces of the old gentleman at once. He died, and made me guardian of Irne and her property, She will be of age in two years, so that there is plenty of time for us to secure .her in the holy bonds. Her property is vast. She has relatives in Odessa, and wants to go there; but she shall not.' 'Confound that dog,,Lionel! He has secured her love, and there is little hope for me. Very little while he lives. Hlie must be put out of the way. It is for your interest as well as for mine. Aslong as he lives she will love him madly. When he is out of the way, howevcr, she will forget him-' ' Never !' suddenly cried a voice. 'Good Godl' Up leIped the two from their seats, and itlh a kind of superstitious terror, glanced wildly around. 'What infernal spying is going on here ?' hoarsely whispered the father of Reginald, as he fiercely pulled eden the door, and looked intently all around. They both renewed their search. Every corner, and closet, and cranny, was again found vacant, as they narrowly examined them. Nothing more was seen or heard beyond what they had seen and heard before. ' I do not understand it,' said Regi nald, huskily. "'I believe it was only some ordinary noise, whioh our excited fancies trans formed into that word, for surely not living being is here. 'Do you believe in ghosts?' ' No,' said Reginald, boldly. 'Then that sound was only imagi. nary.' ' Be it so.' ' Therefore I will calmly pursue my laboars. I believe I uust finish this letter to my very good friend and patron, the czar. He would like to know a little secret or two respecting the corruptibility of a few rampan British patriots. I go to the work Can you read eypher-writing like that ?' Reignald glanced in bewilderment at a page of eloselp written cypher. which has father held out to his inspection. It seemed like the writing of our friends from the Celestrial Empire, being neither more nor less intelligible. I Ha I1 ha ? father. You are pretty safe in that.' 'Yes, tolerable safe, I imagine. I don't see bow this could be read without a key, even if it were intercepted. And here I have a note from Nesselrode.' ' Wellyou are safe. I will go now, andleave you to your honourable emplsy ment.. Good.night.' ' Good:nighc, wes the reply, and the tw6 unnatural plotters separated. CHAPTER V. TIHE'MIDNIGaT SEARCh. SCARCELY had the sound of Reginald's retreating footsteps died away, when two females, hurrying swiftly along the narrow passage-way, burst into an apart ment at the other extremity of Beacon Hall, and sank wearily upon a couch. For a while nothing was heard but their panting, as they gasped for breath, and an occasional expression of horror which seemed to come simultaneously frdmuboth. As they roelined upon the couch thus for a moment, they presented a strange yet beautiful group. One was advanced in years, and though her hair was white as silver, and her brow furrowed by age,yetin the noblecontour of her face and features, and in the splendid eyes, where still glowed undimmed fires, might be seen the traces of uncommon beauty. The other was young, and seemed to be just ripening into womanhood, Her farm was lithe and graceful; her hair, long dark and waving, luxuriant tresses down from her head, and her face, with features of purest Greican mould, enlivened by a proud andqueenly expression, resembled the stately.countenance whiohthe Grecian sculptor would give tohis marble Diana. For a few moments not a word was spoken by either. Villisn and Wretch,' exclaimed the elder lady, suddenly, in the Greek language, clasping her hands together in norror. ' O, my husband how were you deceived when you took to your bosom this viper-this Henry D'Arcey. Great Heaven I can crime so foul exish upon the earth, and exist unpunished ? O, Irene, we must fly from the house of villainy I' ' Mother-we must fly, and soon, too, if we would escape. But O, for Lionel I tremble ?' 'Yes, the atrocious scheme which we, have heard unfolded is terrible and may cause the ruin of your Lionel, Irene. It befits us now to consider our situation and act as seems best for our safety.' ' 0, how fortunate that we were able to find that secret passage which led us to their chamber. We have overheard them. We know their plots their crimes, their villainy. He is poisoning Lionel's father. He would slay the son, and he would take me-me, for the wife ot his own monstrous progeny. Great Heaven I can such things be ?' In uncrontrollable exeitement Irene rose up and paced the floor. ' Irene.' said the mother, 'do not give way to such feelings at this time. Our position is awful. Think of the hideous ,secrets, which we have discovered.' SI do I do, and I think too, of our dreadful situation; foreigners alone in the foreigners land-betrayed, and in danger of ruin. We must fly mother.' 'Yes, and at once.' 'UBut first we must let Lionel know of this. and put him on his guard agaisat his treacherous valet, who-0 Heaven ? -may obefore thif' have wrought him ruin. 'Yes, but to morrow will be time for that. Be it your duty to-morrow to put lKionel, on his guard, and acquairit him with all. But now, Trene, now we must consider how we are to aot.' 'Have we money, here ?' 'Ready money I Yes, I have two hundred pounds in miy purse, and. my jewels are suffiicently valuable. As to property! most of what your father left lies in Odessa. A large amount is in. Englaad. But the villianous Henry D'Aroey. being guardian and executor has possession of all our papers and documents.' ' Alas, what are we to do ? We can not get possession of them. He will not yield them up.' ( T be Continued,) 