AN IMAGINARY CONVERSATION BETWEEN THE GHOST OF THOMAS DAVIS AND SIB C. 0. DUFFY. GHOST. —And is it come to this ? C. G. D.—Gome to what? GHOST.—My old comrade of Vkn Nation donning the livery of the priests, and receiving the word of command from an archiepiscopal palace. C. G. P.—But lam only making use of the priests for my own purpose. You know what the poorer classes of our countrymen are, both at home and abroad, and how submissively they yield to sacerdotal orders. GHOST.—So much the worse for them; and so much the greater reason that you should endeavour to emancipate them from their bondage. Have you forgotten the time when you wrote— Holy Freedom's pealing voice Willing slaves hath never woken; Ireland! s trance was ignorance . ; And Knowledge all her spells hath broken. C. G. P.—Why do you remind me of those things ? It was very good to praise knowledge as ameans of breaking the spell laid upon our countrymen by "Saxon Swine"— GHOST.—From whose sovereign you have accepted a knighthood, and to whom you are a pensioner. C. G. P.—Please don't! This sort of language is very unpleasant. But what I was about to say was this,—that Victoria is not Ireland; and that the head of my Church having reprobated, proscribed and condemned progress, liberalism, and modern civilization, as also the theory that popular schools should be entirely under the direction of the civil and political power, in conformity with the will of the rulers, and the general opinions of the age,— GHOST.—You, as a believer in progress, liberalism, and modern civilization, immediately denounced and resisted such monstrous doctrines, eh ? G. P.—You forget that I am a good Catholic, and that I cannot therefore deny the authority of the Church without putting myself outside of her pale. GHOST.—'There is one thing I do not forget; and that is the many confidential conversations you and I used to hold upon these subjects^ and the discovery we both made that although we belonged t£ different forms of faith, we agreed in discarding the dogmas of each, and in repudiating ecclesiasticism generally. C Q m P.—Hush, hush ! in the name of heaven. 1 overhear you. Someone " might GHOST. —And what of that ? I fear no man. Po you ? Q (j, J). —Well, you are only a ghost, you see ; and therefore you have no seat in Parliament to look after, no political ambition to gratify, no party to form, and no Church to serve. GHOST.—Ah ! this is totally unlike the language and sentiments of the old days, when you wrote and I admired and Ireland took to her warm heart such words as th«=se :— " Simple heart and simple pleasures," So they write life's golden rule, Honour won by supple baseness, State that crowns a canker'd fool, Gleam as gleam the gold and purple On a hot and rancid pool. C. G. P.—I wish you wouldn't revive the memory of these things GHOST.—Why not ? What more natural than that I, the ghost of. Thomas Pavis, should endeavour to resuscitate the ghost of my old friend and colleague of 1848 ? I am what I was; what are yon? A pensioner of the Sassenach. You have « left the Green and cottoned to the Red." Well, Bed and Green are alike in this countiy, thank God ; but what I complain of is that you have forgotten the principles of the Young Ireland party, and have put your neck in an Ultramontane yoke. /" , C. G. P.—Only for a time, and for a purpose, Tom. GHOST.—Speak like your old self, and I will listen to you; but such language as this makes me shudder, spectre though I be. C. G. P.—But I must keep in with the priest, you know. GHOST.—What have you to do with priests or foreign Churches? You wish to naturalize the petitet indmtriet of Spain and Italy in Victoria; do you also wish to see your countrymen degraded and debased by the ignorance and superstition whichprevailin those nations? You know, as well as I do, under what "amass of never-dying ill," every country ia Christendom has groaned and suffered for centuries past, owing to the pressurjp of that appalling incubus of ecclesiasticism, which has blasphemed God, and has oppressed, despoiled, and enslaved humanity. You know, as well as I do, the enormity of the evil, and the intensity of the darkness 4 and, therefore, when you submit to become the obsequious instrument of such a system, you sin against the light. Your abilities were given to you for quite another purpose, and woe be to you if you prostitute them to the service of any sacerdotal organisation whatever. C. G. P.—Pon't be so hard upon me, Tom. It'a bad enough to have one's own conscience always prodding one; but when the ghost of an old friend, like you, returns trom the Shades to upbraid a fellow, it becomes rather more than flesh and blood can bear. GHOST.—Well, I have no wish.to prolong your suffering; and so I will leave you, now. But, in 'the theantime, remember the days of old when you wrote^- 