GHOST OK NO GHOST. THE celebrate^ general, Marshal Saxe, having arrived with f ,part of hi6 army at a villago in •G/enuany, vvliefe they were (to pass the night, proposed sleeping himself in an old castle, which had been long neglected, an^ wna believed by all (he neighbourhood to be haunted by spectres, whose nightly yells wore often heard' by those who dwelt beneath its walls. Marshal Saxe was not the man (o bo terrified by such reportB from taking possession of his desuned chamber. He accordingly went to bed at bis usual time, but had nut long been asleep before he waH awakened by the most horrid noise his ears had ever heard, and while he was endeavouring io recollect himself, tho door of his chamber opened, and a human figure of very large dimensions appeared at (he srfde of his bed. The Marshal instantly discharged a pistol at (he supposed spectre, which appeared .to strike it, as it fell on the floor ; lie then rose from his bed and aimed a blow witli his sabre at .the figure, but the blade found a resistance, and shivered in hUhand. At this moment the apparition rose, and beckoned the general to follow; he obeyed the summons, and attended him to the end of a long gallery, where a (rap-door opened, and they sunk bv some machinery into a cavern, which cotnmunicatcd with a subterraneous apartment occupied by a band of coincrs, one of whom clad in complcto armour, traversed the castle evcrv night to deter nn\ person from inhabiting it. Thus it appeared tho steel resisted the ball and shivered the Marshal's sword but the villin was knocked down by its force, from which lie however quickly recovered. Marshal Saxe. with his usual presence of mind, told them who ho was, and laid before them the danger of detaining him, when he had a surrounding army who would dig to the centre of the earth to find him ; but at the same time gave (hem an assurance, that, if they would conduct him hack to his chamber, lie would never rela(e the history of that night, while it could do them harm. The coiners paid a ready obedience to his will, and he kept his w ord with them, until subsequent discovery of their concealment gave him full liberty (o relate this extraordinnry adventure. 