Scat! and <Bifo r Religious Memoranda— Presb>Terian Church ' -_Su rid aj', January 3rd — Glen Innes, Morning Service, 11 a.m., Rev. A. Cameron. Wellingrovo Service, 11 a.m., Rev. J. M Innes. At Mr. A. Davidson's, 4 p.m. Mkw. A .nmm rniiiaw. — Mr. George Martin, P.M., lias been Gazetted o. Warden of the Uralla arid Peel River mining district. Map of tue War.— Wo ripe lately received, from Messrs. John Coilinsf Sons and Co., of Herriot Hill Buildings, Sydney, a beautifully colored map of -the seat- if war. Considering that only a few years agM the countries therein reoresented were almost Jus little, known, even to educated people, as the centre of Africa, and that our very best maps of them still abound with- errors, we musy congratulate Messrs. Collins and .Co., upon/the correctness of their work. One great advantage it possesses oyer ordinary maps is, that it is not overcrowded with names ; and such as /We given really represent existing localities. We. have been at some little trouble to test this particular, having formerly been led into difficulties by another sketch map, which represented, places that we firmly believe only pist in the authors imagina tion ; but we can recommend this map as very fairly correct. Tne scale upon which it is drawn is a very convenient one ; and the coloring and lettering have been executed with much taste and skill. A brief letterpress descriptive of the localities portrayed is subjoined ; and the whole is conveniently mound in the form of a pamphlet. To any one interested in the events which are now being transacted in the countries round the Black Sea thi/map will be _a great acquisition, while its price 6d. brings it easily within the reach of all, . Rfief-osfiB- lBlALjaHBEEY. — The .Grafton Argus says : — " Like most of the public movements set a-going in this slow and-go-easy city, the proposal to have a trial Burvey : carried,- out, to ascertain whether or not a practicable route for a railway does exist, between here and New England, seems to be gradually dying out of the 'public mind. A public meeting was lield, at which a large and influential committee was ap- pointed-r-but unfortunately there the m-tter now lags. To our . mind this proposal should not be allowed to drop — our claims for a rail way are just, and could we but prove that a route does exist,- Parliament could not refuse our re quest. Do our readers wish for an example of the benefit of persistent agitation we would re- ier them to the. success attending the movement for procuring a railway through Sydney. In our opinion that cause i"b as good as won, and all honor to the piomoters if they . do succeed — though at the same time the expenditure of at least a million and a-half for such a line would be an act of injustice to the colony at large. , A new Dodge for Secudung Land. — A new dodge has been resorted to at the Albury land office according to the JEjprder Post ) by those desirous of. acquiring a greater share of landed property than the Crown Bands will allow. The modus operandi is as fmlows " The selector takes up additional pt/rchases by virtue of selections that have \ viqt been taken up by him in the orthodox wayjbut which he hiis come into possession of by imeans of transfer. THub a man who has had® selection transferred to him, situated, at JindJera, another at Cookardinia and another at: Gormanton, takes additional conditional areas ict each, and can thus acquire a much larger amount of land than the Act allows. The Act /only permits additional selec tions by virtue if conditional purchases and says nothing of mi extension of area in the case of transfers. - Mnny applications of this kind have been lodged with Mr. Baker, . Brown's locum tenens, during the last fortnight, and he has accepted taem, subject to the approval of the Minister fo j. Lands. . The 'Church of the Holy Trinity. — This edifice has been considerabiy embellished by the addition of a veiy handsome corona, six standard lamp bearers, and a dozen hassocks for tlie choir and chancel, all of which have been recently im ported from England, and generously presented to the church ly Mrs. W. A. Dumaresq, of Fur- ruckabad; : The corona,, which holds eight candles, is suspended from the arch of the chan cel, and is quite an. ornament to the -building. The lamp bearers are ffixed 011 the -pews, and will, we thinly be amply sufficient, with the aid of the corona, to light up the church for evening service; The effect of these additions is very good ; and the members of the Church of Eng land in this town must feel for ever grateful to Mrs. Dutn'aresq for her opportune gift. The members of the above club gave a successful! entertainment on Wednesday evening last-, at the Court House. The audionoc whs, numerous, and altliuugli,yming tu the sud den indisposition of one. of tjpe members, some little delay was occasioned m commencing the musical portion of the perfoonances, no sign of impatience was indulged by the good-natured public. Another lady member .who had not been present attherehearsala, very kindly played the accompaniments, and me programme, with, some slight variations, was carried out. The glees were not perhaps up to the average excel- - lence usually displayed I y the club, but the solos and other portions of the entertainment fullj' compensated for aiij short comings in this respect. We cannotforbi ar to make special re ference/to the skilful ri nding of that musical gem, "Kathleen Mavourn feri," by a young lady, recently arrived in the district. "Half-mast- high," and" other solos \ ere sung by tbe same young lady in a very a6teful manner, all of which were great!' appreciated. We must con gratulate he club upon, fhe new acccession to its Tanks in the person of tjje- above gifted vocalist. The comic elenierit formed a/considerable item in the entertainment,/ rind ridded much to its . success. Notably in :his; class was tlie comic duet, of "The two ( badiahs," by-'two of the members, whose maki up was very good. These choice specimens of tlie Stiggins school con vulsed the audience b; their grotesque gestures, and the expression of t l'eir faces whilst, relating their experiences on thk subjects of drinking and smoking created' nihoii mirth and, although they appeared to have freell' indulged in thege ac- coniplishnietris, they jiet denounced them as " si.n6 very great." . Tim object of the song ap pears to be a hit at thosl: clerical gentlemen who do not practice what' tliey preach; Tlie pro gramme, which was. E imewhat lengthy, was brought to a close by tl e farce of " B. B., or the Benicia Boy. This pi c,e was well played, tbe various parts being w II sustained throughout. The scene is laid at:a , inn in Northumberland, the landlady of whic 1 appears iii a great state of delight at the exj ected appearance of tlie Benicia Boy who, how ver, does, not arrive, but in his place a traveller of the name of Benjamin r -y Bobbin.- This individual it appeared had travel led in the same train with tne Benicia Boy, and in the hurry of leaving it, ihey had exchanged hatsi. .The finding of the p/ize fighter s handker chief inside the hat and Abe luggage bearing- the initials " B. B." were /sufficient to satisfj the waiter and chamberm airy that the guest was no other than the Benicia Bpy, hence arose all kinds of ludicrous situations/ which provoked much merriment amongst the audience. The scene be tween Bobbin and Tue Chickfcn (the latter a young gentleman of fighting proclivities) when the last-named claims the acquaintance of the former waB well rendered, as also when, later on, Squire Greenfield makes Bobbin put on the gloves with the Chioken. This scene brings the landlady on, and Bobbin appeals to her as a wo man to prevent his being murdered, after which tho truth conies put, and the piece concludes. Mr. Rodgerson played Bobbin, Mr. Boyd Ihe Chicken, Mr. Gibhs made an excellent Squire, Mr. BlackinoreVwaiter, whilst Mrs. Punchon and Dorothy were arilfnlly rendered by Mr. Dodd and Master SeyfferJ The entertainment closed with the singing of the National Anthem. The Philanthropic Club's Entertainment.— On last Wednesday evening the performance v»y fLio ft ii It was well - attended, and amply maintained the prestige which it has at tained in the public estimation, as the best pro vincial amateur club in the Northern district. The performance on this evening commenced with the sparkling comedy of "Naval Engage ments," in which the talents of the members of the club were brought into play in such a man ner as excited the utmost enthusiasm amongst tho audience. AJmirnl Kingston found, an able exponent in Mr. Thompson, whose skilful acting. we consider beyornl all praise, and we may go so far as to say tliit this gentleman lias utterly mistaken his profession; lie is every inch an actor. Mr. Bellamy as Lieutenant, Kingston was exceeding good. The role of Mrs. Pontifix was ably sustained by Mr. Hardy ; whilst that of Mi6s Mdrtimer was rendered in an unexceptionable I manner by Master H. Vincent. Dennis, thi waiter, was happily pourtrayed by Mr. Maujid, and Short, by. Mr. Poole, was also excellency represented. At the fall of the-curtain great/ applause was accorded to the various performers. Mr. J. Harris then gave the popular bulla a of " Happy Moments which was rewarded With an encore, when this really gifted geiitleim 1 gave the pretty song " Meet me in the Lane, which was also favour able received. The am ising force "Taming the Tiger" followed, in v hicli Mr. Weiss as Chili Chutney, Mr. M'Donald as Charles Beeswing, and Mr. Rogers as .Jacob, enacted their parts in a masterly manner, and created much merriment. Mr. Carrol then gave ;he Jockey Hornpipe, and elicited, great applaui e, looking as he did the beau ideal of a jonke \ This was followed by the pantomime of " D n Juan," arid this may be said to have affordei the very acme of delight to the audience. It was in every re spect a finished perf rmance, and fully demon strated the versatilit; of "the powers of the performers. Mr. wag ner's scenic effects in this piece were good. Th > statue scene—the ghost on horseback — was rery nice, and in this Mr. Rodgers as the ghost c id a grand piece of acting. Mr. w. M'Donald's laBt icene with the spirit was a masterly piece of' ac ing; and' the infernal re gions, to where Don v as consigned, was depicted with much, skill. M . Thompson, as the clown, excelled any represen ation of the character we have 'ever witnessed on any stage. Tbe other characters in - the ,pie :e were well represented, particularly the imp -soriation of his Satanic Majesty, our old fi end Hardy sustaining it to perfection, Th >, entertainment was re peated on the folio ring evening, in. aid of the Presbyterian Hn se fund, and was in every respect an unqualifii 1 success. The sensational drama of the " Rob jer's Wife" was on this oc casion substituted fo the farce of " Taming the Tiger." The charact rs in the drama were all well sustained, and he interest of the audience did not flag throag lout its performance. Mrs. Chapman very kind! gave her- services gratuit-. ousljT as pianist© o : this occasion, and added considerably ; to the i njoyment of those present by her talented performances. Arctic Wheat.— The Adelaids Register says : — We recently mentioned /hat Dr. Schombugk, (the Curator of the Bot/nic Gardens) had re ceived a small quantity o 4 the wheat which was found during .the late Metic expedition, under Captain Nares. The wheat had been left behind by a forrner American exploring party on a beack in tbe Arctic regions, - hiid after having been exposed for fivwyens to all the severity of the weather, where /he temperature registered by Captain Nare'e/party was as low as 104 degrees, it was taken to England. Dr. Schom- burgk, sowed ,30P;!ferains of it in the .Botanic Gardens, and in Jthe usual time for wheat to germinate — nine flays— 30 blades of young corn have shown themselves above ground. The doctor says thftt wheat possesses the most wonderful vitality of any seed with which we are acquainted .1 We learn frepi Straits papers that on the 13th April there oaenrred at Singapore tlie greatest .fire ever recorded in that place. : It broke out at iTanjore Pagar Wharf, and before it was extin guished it destroyed an immense quantity of property. Itjbegnn at 4o'clock in the afternoon, arid by 6 o clock some thirty-thousand tons of coal were oh e mass of fiamess In a little while the wholoif the coolie quarter was entirely consumed; /fhir latest dates inform us that, the fire was still burning/in spite of tbe energetic efforts of several fire companies to put it out. The fire o/iginated in a shop at the wharf, but its cause H#d not been traced. The Dock Com- pany-\vill.eustain a loss of probably £60.00o. The Queen and.the Ppe.— The correspondent of the Daily Neios at Rome says ' The conver sion off the Queen of England and Empress of India- to Catholicism/is seriously expected at the Vatican./ ©The Pone, on-receiving a veiy valu able gift from the " Conte di Saint. Aymour" latel,v, said "f/will not make a present of it to anyone, but ywill reserve, 'it foY'the Queeri of . England tlie tri-jnneiit' she enters into the boBom of the Roman Church." . .. . / Sale 'Oil' . RloBnQflMif-Qri. Thursday ' lst, im mediately after the Queen's Plate was ran for, Mr. Edward Jones submitted the racehorse Radical to auction.' After' some spirited bidding, Mr. Carroll become the pnrchaser, for 70Z. ./ \- As Good Yielp.— Mr. W. Young, of 8wanyale,, has produced, out of a seven-acre paddock, this sea son, 22 tons of pumpkins and 180 bushels of maize. The former took the first and the latter the first, for red and white maize, at the last Glen Innes. show. Another paddock" yielded 40 bushels of wheat to the acre. ' '. : - . Glen Innes Building-society. — We have been requested to inform' sMreholdors in this society that the evening for receiving . payments has been changed from Saturd/jr to Monday — the alteration to take effect from/the; dBthi of." June, wheri; the monthly subscriptions will be due. . . . Tw'j "VttuirrTm -riTii-i'ncr the last three or four days wc have experienced a succession of bitterly cold westerly gales, accompanied at, times switb , sleet. Yesterday, however, the wind had dropped, and for- those engaged-in out-door' occupations the day was warm and pleasant. ...., . . Sronn Cattle. — We learn that Mr. F. M'Irines, of Marouan, has just started to market' a' mob "of: 500 store cattle. They are described as a' spleffdid draft, arid should/bring top prices in ; the -Maitjafid; market. . ;Glen Innes Jocke Club.— The meeting qf members of this club./announced for Friday last, did not take place. At the hour named, the only persons present were Mr. John A. Campbell and Mr. Phillips. It will be observed that another meeting has been called for tj&e; 22nd. 