GUNDAGAI. The people of this aud surronndiug disoricta aro now beginning to awako from their Biumbors, and Io see aud feel thfsb if they do not bestir thomsolvea and aoserfc thoir rights they will be left to oiutnbor on in the ' sloepy hollow' for another generation. A public mootiug wao held in the court house on Fridny eveninc last to Drofcpot sc-ainot tho proposed arrnngemont in the Electoial Bill now before tho Houae — namely, to have the Waggn and Gundagai d'sfcriots ropreaented by fche sama member as hercoforo. This, as the chairman Mr. El worthy, very pointedly oaid, was impos sible : no man could nevve two masters whoae interesta v/ero diametrically opposed. Tho Wagga diotribb ib a pastoral oouuty, the Guu« dagai an agricultural aud mining diat.-ioi. Tho people aro also disposed to think that a brauch railway to Gundagai ^-ould be an advantage. Tho Government alao Dhould hnow, if they ouly mako souao Efcatiatioal inquiries, that a brunch, line from Cootamundra to Gundagai via Ooolao would be not ouly an advantage to Gundagai, bub alao to Tunaut, Kiandivi, Adelong, and Tumbcru'mbn, nnd would bo a largo feeder to the main lino. Tho mineral reaovucao in those districto aro inexhaustible. Tho Tumnfc is a grand agrioultur.il oountry. Within a few milea of Guridagai, there aro gold resff, alluvial diggings, very rich copper minec, and a slate quarry eqcnl to nr.y in England or Walca. If mich p, country with its resources were in Viotoria, all would have boon developed long ago ; the railway whistlo would bo heard at ourly.dawn, and wake up tho slumberora ton lifjile moro activity and hidintry. Some en^er f. rain^; company would atari; s. manufactory on the banka of th'e Murrumbidgoe, and Guudagai v;ould bo a thriving1 stirring- place of business instead of that fair- and- easy-go-far- in-tho-day placo it is at present. I am informed that a good mason and brick layer would got constant employment here, and that several are prevented from building through want of stoady sober tradcamon to carry on tho work. Htwing now given you a nummary oi news about the material things in Gundagai, let me inform you a little about tho spiritual. Fathor Dunn announced to the congregation on Sunday that ho had mado arrangements with Fathor Kelly, S. J., with tho approval and sanc tion of his Lordship tho Bishop of Goulburn, to give a mission for tho benefit of tho Catholics of Gundagai ;md district. Tho mission would commence ou Sunday, tho 19th of August, and end on Sunday, tbo 26th. lie said ho had no doubt but the faith waa strong in tho hearts of his pooplo ; but that it was not sufficiently active and practical, and ho trusted that this mission, if well attended, would stir up tho Catholics to frequent tho sacraments, and to value those sacred things which God had so mercifully placed within thoir reach, and which were denied to so many milions of their fellow creatures, who woro not within tho one fold or undor tho ono Shepherd. Ho referred to tho two great fertile sources of indifEerentism — mixed schools and mixed marriages, With regard to mixod or secular schools, whoro religion is ignored, they all know that tho Church, which is ever guided by tho Holy Ghost, had condemned tho principle of tho Public Schools Act as being dangerous to faith aud morals. Ho eaid ho had no reason to complain of tho Catholics of Gun dugai, with a few excoptions not worthy of notice. Iu regard to the support of their Catholic .school, they supported it generously and without complaint, although they aro unjuBtly deprived of any aid from tho public funds. Ho said that it was very remarkable how anxious tho Council of Education was to got the names of Catholics on tho local boards of thoir public schools, and some Catholics considered that this was paying them a compliment, whereas, if thoy were true Catholics, they ought to consider it an insult to be asked to approve of a principlo which thoir Church so strongly condemns. The revgentlomau then refurrod to mixed marriages, and pointed out very clearly the dangers to which Catholics exposed themselves and their offspring by such alliances, and concluded a very practical and usoful instruction by raiding1 a portion of tho pnstoral letter which tho Bishops I addressed to tho Catholic clergy and laity at the Provincial Synod of Melbourne (18G9V and which dwelt very strongly on the dangers to be appre hended by Catholics from secular schools and mixed marriages. A TRAVELLER, 