LITERARY. Mb. Swxsbcbsk 02? Emily .Bronte:—This instinct (if I may so call it) from the tragic use of landscape was well-nigh even more potent and conspicuous in Emily than in Charlotte. Little neol was tliere for the survivor to tell us in each earnest and tender wordB of memorial record how11 my sister Emily loved the moors;" that love exhales, as a fresh wild odour from a bleak shrewd soil, from every storm-swept page of 11 "Wuthering Heights." All the heart of the league-long billows of rolling and breathing and brightening heather is blown , with the breath of it in our faces'as we road; all the wind and all the sound and all the fragrance and gloom and glory of the high north moorland—" in winter nothing more dreary,- in summer nothing more divine." Even in Charlotte Bronte's highest work I find no touches of such exquisite strength and triumphant simplicity as here. There is nothing known to me in any book of quite equal or similar effect to that conveyed by one or two of these. Take for instance that marvellous note of. landscape, struck as it seems un consciously by the heaven-horn instinct of a supreme artist, in composition and colour, in tones and shades and minor notes of tragic and magic sweetness, which serves as overture to the last fierce rapturous passage of raging love and mad recrimination between Heath cliff and the dying Catherine; the mention of the church bell that in winter could just be heard ringing right across the naked little glen, but in summer the sound was lost, muffled by the 'murmur of blowing foliage and branches full of birds. The one thing I know or can re member as in some sort comparable in its effect to this passage is, of course, that notice of the temple-haanting m&rlet; and its loved mansion ary which serves as prelude to the entrance of Lady Macbeth from under the buttresses where its pendant bed and procreant cradle bore wit ness to the delicate air in which incarnate murder also was now to breed and haunt. Even more wonderful perhaps in serene perfection of subdued and sovereign power is the last brief paragraph of that stormy and fiery tale. There was a dark unconscious instinct as of primitive nature-worship in the passionate great genius of Emily Bronte, which found no corresponding quality in her sister's. It is into the lips of her representative Shirley Keeldar that Char lotte puts the fervent "P*gan" hymn of visionary praise to ber mother nature—Hertha Demeter, *? la deease des disus dieux," which follows oh her fearless indignant repudiation of Milton and his Eve. Nor had Charlotte's less old-world- and Titanic soul any tonch of the self-dependent solitary contempt of all outward objects of faith and hope, for all aspiration after a changed heart or a contrite spirit or a con verted mind, which speaks in the plain-song note of Emily's clear, stern verse with such grandeur of anti-Christian fortitude and self controlling self-reliance, that the "halting slave " of Epaphroditus might have owned for his spiritual sister the English girl whose only prayer for herself " in life and death "—a self-sufficing prayer, self-answered, and fulfilled even in the utterance—was for a '* chainless soul, with courage to endure." Not often probably has such a petition gone up from within the walls of a country parsonage as this:— Asd if I pr»j, the only pmyer That mores toy lips for me. Is—Learethe heart that now I bear. And give me liberty! .. .. .. Ko other poet's imagination could hare conceived that agony of the girl who dreams she is in heaven, and weeps so bitterly for . the loss of earth that the angels cast her oat in anger, and she finds herself fallen on the moss and heather of the mid moor-head, and wakes herself, with sobbing for.joy. It is possible, that • to take full delight in Emily Bronte's hook one. must have something by natural inheritance of her instinct, and some thing by earliest association of her love for the same special points of earth—the same lights and sounds and colours and odours and sights and shapes of the same fierce free landscape of tenantleas and fruitless and fenceless moor; .but, however that may be, it was assuredly with no less justice of insight and accnracy of judgment and humility of self-knowledge and fidelity.'of love, that Charlotte in her day of solitary fam6 assigned to her dead hister the crown of poetic honour which she has rightfully disclaimed for herself. Full of poetic quality as her own work is throughout, that quality is never con densed or crystallised into the proper and final formof verse. Butthepurenotoof absolutely right expression for things inexpressible in full by^proseat its heighest point of adequacy—the formal inspiration of sound which at ence reveals itself, and which can fully reveal itself by metrical embodiment alone, in the symphon ies and antiphonies of regular word-mosio and definite instinctive modulation of corresponsive tones—that is what Emily had fcr her birth right as certainly as Charlotte had it not. JoTONAiimc Pebquisites.—A writer in one of the London weekly "gossips" says:—A propos of journalistic cribbing, this once occurred to me. 1 was the correspondent of a daily paper daring a war on the Continent. One day there was a little fighting going on at the outposts, and I walked to where it was taking place, with a correspondent of The Timet. By the roadside we came across a soldier, both of whose legs were shattered. For BOme reason, l»est known to themselves,. the men who were carrying him to the rear | had set him down, and there he was lying, with ! his head on the knees of a girl, who was cry ing bitterly. We stopped, and rendered what aid we could, but he soon expired; bo as we could be of no further use, wc left the girl crying and moaning over the corpse, and pushed oir to the front. ; said my companion, " Shall yon givea description of what you have seen?" "Probably," I replied. " Don't you think that it belongs to me ? " he asked. " It was on my side of the road." . " Well, no," I answered, " we both saw it, and it belongs to both of as." " But if we both describe it one of our letters may, perhaps, be published the day after the other, and the newspaper which publishes the last of our letters will bo Bupposed to hare stolen it from the other paper. I admitted the difficulty, and proposed to toss for the "incident." My companion agreed, won the toss, and & very interesting description of what we had seen formed a portion of his next letter to The Times, whilst I of course did not refer to it. . Lucuan for tub Nineteenth Century.— Some of the Lucian > dialogues, notably that entitled "The .Lover of Lies," in which he satirises the petty, useless, and absurd perver sions of truth which obtain in his time, might have been written, with hut few alterations, at this very hour. Miraculous cures, peripatetic statues' of stone or brass, old houses, infested by ghostly .tenants, who will accept no notice to quit, however formal, and against whom every action of ejectment is brought in vain; magic rings, oracular instances of forbine telling, spiritual communions between the living and the dead, and other diseases of in tellectual emptiness, or alas! repletion, are all represented here. Here Demrenete, the blessed wife of Eucrates, returns from that undis covered country from whose bourne no tra veller returns, on the seventh day after her funeral, while her husband happened to be reading Plato on the immortality of the sonl. And for what does she return ? For nought hut an old slipper, which bad fallen behind a chest! Is this not on a par with the present conjuring, by the pious and honest people who call themselves Spiritualists, of the spirits of our fathers from their quiet graves, to tell us nothing more important than the christian name of our grandmother, which these poor ghosts, no doubt owing to some Lethcean drink, have in nine cases out of ten forgotten? And is not this concluding sen tence of Lucian's dialogue as wholesome and serviceable now as it was when it was written, seventeen hundred years ago? "Be of good heart, 0 my friend! Against all these follies we have one fair antidote and safeguard, which is truth and right reason in all things; so long as we make right use of this, we shall never be one whit alarmed by any amount of idle and empty lies.— " Lucian, i« the Corn/nil Maga 