GEORGE'S BAY AND GOULD'S COUNTRY [From our own Correspondent.] The weather during the past week has been very changeable—from sunshine, with clear sky, to cloudy, with its usual accompaniment—rain; then severe frost. THE MINES. From reports to hand, the various workings in the Thomas' Plains, Blue Tiers, and Ringarooma districts, are undergoing a slow recovery from the effects of the recent heavy rains—although not heavy losers, financially, from such causes. The Lottah Co-operative is shortening hands, merely working one face at the present time; the cause stated being the prospecting other runs of ore, which abound on the Lottah sections. The Planet tribute is on good payable country, as also other tributors who are engaged in the Blue River loca- lity. The Union, Niagara, Full Moon, Rising Sun, Blue Tiers, Marie Louise, Albert, Emu, Waverley, and others, are about getting into full working order again, with prospects favourable. We must expect stoppages to occur on our mines during this, the rainy season, on account of not only being unable to grass the precious ore, bnt also in not being able to get it packed away from the various workings. Several claims have already a great amount of ore on hand, with poor prospects of its removal; ultimately some of the labour will be dis- pensed with until we have more favourable weather. THE ROADS. Packers are bemoaning their fate in not being able to battle profitably with the elements of sludge beneath, and the heavy downpours of rain above—the latter converting hitherto peculiarly rotten surface country into dangerous and almost bottomless bog-holes, through which the unfortunate pack- horses have to drag their loads of ore. Many have already preferred giving up the ghost rather than have their lives prolonged in their master's service. We have some old coachers, formerly the pride of "Page's stables,"still doing the pitch and toss business on our tracks, being their second year in the packing business. LOCAL TOPICS. Captain Lucas arrived per mail coach on Saturday last in the interest of the T. S. N. Company, that company being about to erect a large receiving store at the Bay, for which tenders are called. A meeting of committee in connection with the erec- tion of a public school at St. Helen's, has been held at hostess McLaren's, H. Dawson, Esq., J P., in the chair. The business was of a formal character. Our respected member, Mr. Adye Douglas, has given the handsome sum of £10 towarda the erection of the school, for which he received the thanks of the meeting. Several designs and plans of other schools recently built in Tasmania were submitted, with price attached. Subscriptions amount to nearly £70. The s.s. Truganini on her first trip to this port brought as part of her moveable cargo, two brace of larrikins, and when let loose on terra firma they congratulated themselves on being free from the haunts of the Boys in Blue, Messrs. Propsting, McConnell and Co. In commemora- tion of such event, they whiskey'd up pretty freely at our hotels, and wound up their first evening's enjoyment in the open air by giving the inhabitants of George's Bay a specimen of unmixed and unalloyed "Billingsgate" at the very time a descendant of Gog—judging from his size and dimensions—was passing, in the person of Constable Gorey, who at once put the grip (peculiar to the order of the blue-coats) on the most riotous of the larrikins, and politely requested his company as far as the newly-erected log house, known in common parlance as "Her Majesty's jug." To this the new arrival objected, in terms not to be misunder- stood by anyone who understands the English language. But of no avail; onward went the newly-imported one, through the muscular power of the constable, in the direction of his lodging place, when a rescue was attempted by one of the associates, but he failed in liberating the captive, who was safely lodged in durance vile . The con- atable then, in company with D.C. Quin, arrested the other man. The Licensing Bench, St. Helen's, will be occupied on Monday next, relative to the applications for newly erected premise's at the Junction, Gould's Country. There are no less than three in number. Two of the applicants have been in the habit of tendering, without let or hindrance in their respec- tive supposed temperance boarding-houses, alias shanties, nothing stronger than Jamaica rum or battle axe to their patrons, and their reasons for now seeking for a license to vend such liquids, is simply because opposition is offered in the person of one Mr. Eaves, who has notified his intention of opening a licensed house in that vicinity. Now, Sir, having read reports from time to time through your columns of the disgraceful manner in which the above parties have conducted their shanties, inde- pendent of what has been told me over and over again by residents of Gould's Country, I am satis- fied that it will be no recommendation to their secur- ing the position of licensed victuallers. Fighting, drinking, skittle playing, gambling, and other acts equally discreditable are, and have been an every day occurrence, Sundays included, since the estab- lishment of these so-called temperance hotels. For the sake of law and order, and in the interests of the general community, let us have men of character and principle at all hazards as publicans, if an ad- dition of such are required in that locality. POLICE COURT, ST. HELEN'S. Before H. Dawson and A. K. Chapman, Esqrs, Js.P. John Sims was charged by District-constable Quin with disturbing the public peace on the night of the 20th. He pleaded guilty, and was fined 10s. The fine was paid. Quin v. Edward Collins,—The defendant was charged with having, on the night of the 20th inst., attempted to rescue John Sims from the custody of the police. He pleaded guilty, aud was fined 20s., with 7s. 6d. costs; in default, one month's impri- sonment. Fine paid. Enward Treehee v. Reeves.— Information for assault, on the 11th July at the Travellers Rest Hotel, Gould's Country. No appearance was put in. Case dismissed, with costs 8s. 6d. During the hearing of the cases Sims and Collins, the Bench intimated their determination to put down larrikinism in this district. INQUESTS. Mr. Coroner Dawson held an inquest at St. Mary's on the body of Rhoda Vincent, a child five years old, whose death was caused by her clothes catching fire. A verdict of accidentally burnt was returned. On the 25th, Mr. Dawson held an enquiry at Fingal, touching the death of a young man named George Bowman, aged 16 years, who died suddenly while en route to the Launceston Hospital, Dr. Lever made a post mortem examination of the body, and attributed the cause of death to serious apoplexy. A verdict in accordance with medical testimony was returned. SHIPPING. I omitted to mention in my last that Capt. Madden of the Alabama, on his recent trip here after safety crossing the bar with his vessel went, ashore at the heads, and was conveyed by one of the s.s. Trugannini boats on board that vessel, by special request; and he, Capt. Madden, piloted her safe to our wharf, performing the same office also, on her outward run. Ruby Hut, July 31st, 1877. ' 