GARITA. í Uv MRS. 0UPHA3T, ACTHOS OF '* IHS CHS0STCUE3 OF OASLUfsrosB," " TES FESPSTUJLL CÚSATE," EIC I --- ! CHAPTER XXYIII;-CoN-rrNTJED. THE party in the drawing-room had nor parceiv« this ghost looking in upon them. They went o tranquilly. Miss Cherry puckering her soft o] forehead over her art design, and the fire-ligl throwing its warm ruddiness ov-=>r Cara's whji dress. Barring the troubles incident upon a: needlework, the two ladies were giving their who minds to the lily maid of Astoíat and her lo* tragedy. But the reader was not so rt uch absorbe ia *. Elaine," Another current of thought kej flowing through his mind underneath the poetr He wondered whether this would be his lc , through his life, to sit rn the light of the warmt ) which was for his brother, and be the tame spec tator of the love which was his brothers, an make up for the absence of the gay truant wh< even for that love's sake, would not give up hi own pleasures. Edward felt that there would b a certain happiness touched with bitterness evei in this lot ; but how strange that this, which h would have given his life for, should fall t Oswald's share, who would give so little for i and not to his ! These thoughts ran through hi mind like a cold under current below the wart . sunlit surface of the visible stream ; but they di not show, and indeed they did not much distur Edward's happiness of the moment, but gave it kind of poignant thrill of feeling, which made i ?more dear. He knew (he thought) that OswaL was the favoured and chosan, but as yet iie hat not been told of it, and the uncertainty was stil sweet, so long as it might last. "Ah!" said Cara, drawing along breath-th poetry had got into her head-tears were cornin) into her eyes, filling them and then ebbing bael 8gaia somehow, for she would not shed them. Sh» had no thought but for ; lame, yet felt somehow as youth has a way of doing, a soft comparisoi between herself and Elaine, a wavering of identity Was it that she too waa capable of that " lov< of the mother fer the star?" Edward, watching her, felt that there was mere poetry in Cara's bim eyes than in the Laureate, and no shame to Mi Tennison. Is it not in that tender emotion, tha swelling of the heart to all lofty and sorrowfu and beautiful things, that poetry takes its rise i Cara b ing truly the poet's vision, even to her owl touched and melted consciousness, was all Elaine in her young lover's eyes. "But, my dear, my dear," said Miss Cherry "if poor Elaine had only loved some one like herself, some young knight that would respond tc her and make her happy, oh, how much better il would have been! It makes my heart ache, fo] Lancelot, you know, never could have loved her j though, indeed, I don't know why not, for mer being middle-aged is no guarantee," Miss Cherry added, with a little sigh," against their making fools of themselves for young girls ; but it would have been far more natural and happier for hei had she set her heart on some one of her own age, who would have made her-" "Oh!" cried Cara, "don't say it over again j Made her happy ! Did Elaine want to be made happy ? She wanted what was the highest and noblest, not thinking what was to become of her, What did it matter about her ? It was enough . that she found out Lancelot without even knowing his name. I suppose such a thing might be," said Oara, sinking her voice in positive awe, " as that Lancelot might come to one's very door, and one never know him. That would be worse, far worse, thandying for his sake. " Oh, Cara, Lancelot was not such a very fine character after all," said Miss Cherry, " and though lam not so clever about poetry aa you ,' are, I have seen many a young girl taken in with an older man who Beemed everything that was noble, but had a very sad past behind him that no body knew of. But af ter they are married it is always found out. I would rather, far rather, see you with a young man of your own age." " Aunt Cherry I" cried the girl, blushing all over with the hot, sudden, overwhelming blush of her years ; and then Cara threw a glance at Edward, seeking sympathy and implying horror at this ïnatter-of-facfc view, and caught his eye and blushed all the more ; while Kdward blushed too, ne knew not why. 'Ibis glance of mutual under standing silenced them both, though neither knew what electric spark had passed between them. Cara in her confusion edged her chair «? little further off, and Edward returned to b ia book. It Was an interruption to the delicious calm of the evening, "And Miss Cherry began to look at her Watch and wonder audibly to find that it waa so late, ?« Past ten o'clock ! 'almost time for bed. I thought it was only about eight. Are you really going, Edward P I am sure we ure very much obliged-the evening has passed so quickly. And I hope your mamma will be botter to-morrow. Tell her how very, very sorry wo aro, and give her my love." Edward wont away with Iiis heart boating loud, fo think that thu rightful enjoyment of all this be longed not to himself, but to Oswald, who was out h^jO-g» perhaps flirting, somewhere, caring so "ttle about it. Was it always BO in this world - What a man most wanted he never got, but that which he prized little was flung to him like a «rust to a dog ? How stranges it waa I Edward um not go in,but lit a pensive cigar, and passed "P and down the Square, ^watching the lights rise into the higher wiacows. He knew wiäÄ-«* I the xs ble, which he cocLd ca«ès bv *be fiint ! bvÍfihJ?Ií? WHICÀ showed ccside. * Wb43 TC : she thr"kTHg of :- Perisrs cf Oswald, wsas erins: j why he had ssc case ; peda» kisèîy oe hinseif . j ss ot a brota*», ia whose aäecöpa sb? woold tmss. | j Yes, said Edwsrd to himself, wis rati-àe I I siasm, ¿ie shoold aiwavs be ibie'to cast ia his t j areetion. If Oswald provee bm s ecol i*T?r. & j j (xx-1er i-usbsr d, Edward WQCM r^ver faii ber ss s < i brocher. Shè should n-ver ¿TLC oat xhsa sny osher ! thought had ever entered his miad. Säe sh said I learn that he wss always st her o>nHnsnd, ísithíttí i to any wish of hers. But when he :ree«lkcteè, ?xr | fellow, that he «"x¿ going to InÜs∈ Oswalds { place, who would E<wgo. How cculc he save her, \ how could he te cf use to her then r ¡ Müs Cherry lingered s little airer she hsd sent i Cars ts bed. ¿ie wanted to look over the end of . that novel, and thc ¿re was too coed to be left, John having imprudently hasped on coals ax a late hour. Before she opened the baos she paused, to think that if it bsd not been Oswald, she almost wished that it bsd been Ecw&rd; ; but it was Ora, of course, who must choose. She had not read much more than a page, however, when her studies were disturbed. Her brother came suddenly into the room in his slippers, a carelessness of toilet which was quite unusual to him. He came in, making her start, and poked the are with a sort of violence without saying anything. _ Then he turned his back to the mantel-piece, and gave a glance round the room, with all its slim perfec tions, and sighed. " Cherry," he saio, " if you are not busy, I should like to ask you a question. I came up stairs a little while ago, but you were too much occupied to notice me." " James, indeed I never saw you." " I know you did noe. I did not mean to blame any one. Tell me what you meant the other morning when you advised meto stay at home after dinner-not to leave Cara. Was it for Cara's sake ?" " Cara was lonely, James. She has never been used to be left alone." " Was it for Cara's sake ?" " Oh, James," said Miss Cherry, faltering, " dont think I wish to interfere. You are more able to judge than I am. It is not my place to make any remarks upon what you do." " Cherry, don't evade the question. Why did you speak to me so ? Was it entirely for Cara's sake?" Miss Cherry grew red and white. She clasped her hands together in unconscious supplication. " I must say what I think if I say any thiug. James, It was a little for dear Mrs. Meredith too. One must think of her as well. Her husband is a long way off ehe is a very kind woman, kiadness itself. Even if she thought you came too often, she would not like to say anything. Women understand women, James. She would say to herself that to send you away would hurt your feelings, and she would rather bear a little annoy ance herself." " Do you mean to say she has had any annoyance on my account ?" " She might have, James, dear. She has not taken me into her confidence. But people talk. I suppose if she was a widow and you could marry ?" " Charity ! ' ? He had scarcely called her by that formal name before, and Miss Jherry was frightened. "Oh," she cried, once more clasping her .hands," flo not punish me for it., It is not my fault. I know! better, for I know you both ; but people will say so, and you should deny yourself for her sake." " Does she wish it ?" he said hoarsely. It took him a strenuous effort to keep down his fury. But indeed there was no one to assail. "She would not wish anything for herself, it would he her nature to think of you first," said Miss Cherry. "It is not what she wishes, but what you, me, everybody, ought to wish for her, j James." 'He looked round the room with a cloud upon his face. " Do you know what I see here," he said,-" my past life, whioh I can't recal. Am I to come here disturbing the new lifo that is begin ning in it-filling the pace with gloom? That does not matter, does it ? Better to think of a few malicious words, and make them the mle of one's conduct, than strive to follow nature and common sense." " James," said Mis9 Cherry, "all the malicious words in the world will do no harm to you." " What do you mean ?" he said, " You are free, as far as that is concerned," said his timid sister, rising from her seat. She looked at him with a mild contempt strange to be seen in the eyes of so gentle a woman. " You can do what you like, James. It is not you who will suffer. Good night," she said. f . And though Miss Cherry's heart beat loudly, she had the courage to go away and leave him there, transfixed with that bold dart thrown by her most timid, faltering hand. He stood still for some time after she had left him, unable to move with pain and astonishment. The ass of Balaam was nothing to this tremendous coup from Miss Cherry. He was struck prostrate. Almost he forgot to think of the room" and its recollections, so entirely was he slain by this blow. [TO BK CONTTNUBD.] 