LOCAL AND GENERAL. IN OUR NEXT The letters of " A Settler's and Mr. D. Fisher (Adelaide.) MAIL NOTICE.-The Postmaster General notifies that no supplementary mails will be made up for Europe this month. IMMIGRANTS.-The immigrants per the Hastings arrived in Perth on Sunday last in one of the river steamers. The majority of the new comers are Germans. QUICK PASSAGE. The Rob Roy made a splendid passage from Albany to Fremantle on her latest trip. She left the Sound at eleven o'clock on Friday morning, and reached Fremantle at nine on Sunday. A RUNAWAY PRISONER,- A prisoner is reported to have made his escape some days since from a convict party employed in the construction of the new light-house at Fremantle, and though his absence was soon discovered and experienced trackers sent out to search for him, he has up to the present evaded capture. SOIREE. By advertisement which appears in another column, it will be seen that the soiree to Bishop Parry is fixed to take place on Tuesday next. We are requested by the committee to ask the ladies who have kindly undertaken the superintendence of the trays, and the gentlemen who have accepted invita- tions to be present, to accept the advertisement as a formal notification of the event. : ASSISTANT CHAPLAIN The Rev. F. Coghlan, the new Assistant Chaplain of St. George's Cathedral was a passenger by the Rob Roy from Albany. The steamer reached Fremantle on Sunday, and the reverend gentleman, who is brother in law to the Very Rev. the Dean, was driven to Perth on the same day and officiated at the Cathedral in the evening. ARRIVAL OF BISHOP PARRY. His Lord- ship Bishop Parry, with Mrs. Parry and their family, arrived in Perth on Saturday evening in His Excellency's carriage, and were driven to Government House, where they now remain pending the completion of the necessary preparation of the episcopal re- sidence for their reception. A number of gentlemen, including His Honor the Chief Justice, the Very Rev. the Dean, the Hon. the Speaker, and Mr. J. G. Lee Steere, went to Fremantle to meet the Bishop and to ac- cord him a welcome to his diocese. PUBLIC READINGS AT THE COMMERCIAL SCHOOL. These readings, as advertised, were given on Wednesday evening by Mr. Geo. Abner Letch, and in spite of the weather there was a large and appreciative audience. The greatest attention and interest were manifested during the various readings, and hearty outbursts of laughter, were evoked at the freaks of " Leather-Headed Jack" and the retort and wit of " Clerk Muggins." During the rendering of the graver pieces, such as " The Archery of William Tell ;" Mary the Maid of the Inn ;" " The Treasures of the Deep" and especially " Mary, Queen of .Soots"-Avhich rendering was accompanied with appropriate music,- the effect was at times thrilling. Mr. Letch was highly complimented at the conclusion of the entertainment, and received the unanimous thanks of the audience. Master Edwd. A. Letch presided at the harmonium, and, for a youth so young, did his work very skilfully. WELCOME TO BISHOP PARRY.-The congratulatory address, emanating from the parishioners of St. George's Cathedral, will be presented to His Lordship Bishop Parry, at a public meeting to be held this (Tuesday) afternoon in the Town Hall. His Honor the Chief Justice will present the address. A more extensive and popular reception will be accorded to the Bishop on Tuesday next, at the Town Hall, when His Lordship will no doubt take the opportunity of reciprocating the good wishes of his flock and residents in his diocese. The hope is very generally expressed that his advent may inaugurate most peaceful and blessing-giving relations between the new prelate and those under his pastoral supervision. Bishop Parry, in person, is a tall, well set up man, of wiry, muscular physique ; with an extremely pleasant, mobile face, embrowned, but not florid. NARROW ESCAPE. An accident which might have been attended with very serious results occurred to the Very Rev. Dean G egg on Sunday afternoon. The Dean was driving to Fremantle in a carriage and pair, when the horses shied and came into violent collision with a telegraph post, which however arrested their " mad career." INSTALLATION OF BISHOP P.À-R-R.V_Sfc. George's Cathedral was densely crowded on Sunday morning on the occasion of the formal induction of the Right Rev. Dr. Parry into his see. His Lordship on entering the church was accompanied by the Dean and the churchwardens, and was conducted to the chair on the eastern side of the communion table, close to the chancel rails. The Very Rev. Dean Gegg read the morning service, which being concluded, the ceremony of installation was < proceeded with. The letters commendatory of the Bishop from His Grace the Archbishop I of Canterbury and the Metropolitan Bishop of Sydney having been read by the Dean, his Lordship was inducted in -the following words :-" I, Joseph Gegg, Dean of Perth, by the authority to me committed to induct, a i instal, and enthrone you, the Right Rev. : Father in God, Henry Hutton Parry, D.D., j by Divine permission Lord Bishop of Perth, into the bishopric and episcopal dignity of a Perth, and into the real, actual and corpor- j ear possession of the same, with all and sing- j near the rights, dignities, honors, and appur- j ! tenances thereof. And the Lord preserve ! | your going out and your coming in from this time forth for evermore. And may you re- a 1 main in justice and sanctity, and adorn the place to you delegated by God. God is pow- . erful and may He increase your grace. " The installation was then completed, and the communion service was read by the Bishop, who afterwards ascended the pulpit, and preached from the text-" The grace of the Lord Jesus Christ, and the love of God, and the communion of the Holy Ghost, be with you all, Amen." (2 Corinthians, xiii., 14.) The sermon was a good specimen of what a t pulpit discourse should be. The application of the text to our everyday lives was very impressive, and there is a fervor of manner in the Bishop's delivery which, while arrest- ing attention, convinces listeners of the earnestness of the preacher. 