TASMANIAN MAIN LINE RAILWAY. The importance of the subject will be our justice tion for publishing the more extended report which appeared in The Itaiheay Times of Saturday, 9th December. An extraordinary meeting of shareholders and debenture-holders of this company was held at the Cannon-street Hotel on Saturday, for the purpose of taking into consideration the present aspect of affairs. Mr. George Sheward in the chair. The Chairman said they would remember that at the last meeting a committee of bondholders was appointed to confer with the directors as to the best method of getting out of the unfortunate position into which they seemed to have fallen in consequence of the Government having refused to pay the interest on the bonds. It was decided by the committee and directors, after consultation, that a circular should he issued to all the bondholder whose addresses were known, and to others whose addresses he was afraid were not correct, they having parted with their holdings. He regretted excessively, and they might well regret, that the answers to that circular had been so few in proportion to the large number of bondholders only about 25 per cent assenting to the proposition that was made, which was that they should forego for a certain period, a 5 per cent, of the 5 per cent, to which they were entitled by the bond in order that the directors by that means might be enabled to raise, if possible, a sum of money not exceeding f.10,000, so as to be in a position to comply with the requirements of the Government. They were aware that the board of directors had no power, nor had so small a minority as one-fourth of the bondholders, to bind their fellow-bondholders, and therefore the scheme naturally fell to the ground; but with that falling to the ground fell also the means of fulfilling the requirements of the Government, that they should complete the contract ; they not having told them in what respects the line was deficient, but only replying, "complete the contract," The Board considered they had fulfilled the contract, and had got the line into good working order, but as any money laid out for working stock or putting the line into an improved condition must be for the benefit of the concern, the directors were willing that the requirements of the Government should be complied with, provided they were furnished with the means of doing so, but those means had not been furnished. There occurred another very serious question. Finding how little responSe the general body of bondholders made to that circular, one of the gentlemen largely interested himself, and still more largely for the company with which he was connected he might say the most considerable among the bondholders had applied to the Court for an order to liquidate the company. He did not know whether gentlemen present had had experience in the liquidation of a company. Unfortunately he had. He was unfortunately connected with a company which was before the Court for the purpose of liquidation hostile liquidation-and he was quite certain if this petition for liquidation was established they, the bondholders, would be the first to suffer, and that the shareholders would not have the most remote chance of, ever seeing back a shilling of the money they had advanced; because though it was thought by some people that there were no shareholders, there were a good many. What would be the conse- quence of liquidation? The property would be put into the hands of a liquidator, and he would have the actual control of it. He would be enabled to sell the railway to the Government at any price he thought proper; and though it was stated the Government were desirous to purchase, the directors were informed to the contrary. They were satisfied that at the present moment there was no feeling on the part of the Government to acquire the railway. Certain figures had been mentioned : they had talked of £300,000. That would give 10s. in the pound. Had they any right to be asked to take 10s. in the pound for a debt on which there was a Government guarantee of 5 per cent. ? For though the Government repudiated the bond, they guaranteed such a sum of money annually as would pay the bondholders more than 5 per cent, on the nominal price of the bonds ; therefore there was not a man who was not fit for a lunatic asylum who would put the property into the hands of a man who had no voice in the price, after as to the distribution of the money when sold. That was the effect of liquidation. Would any man be in favour of it. There was one. He had received a letter from the holder of £5,000 of bonds who thought it better the company should go into liquidation. All he (the chairman) could say was, if that was the case they might as well put their bonds behind the fire, and he did not believe if they liquidated to-morrow they would ever get 2s. 6d. in the pound, much less IDa. The question was, would they save themselves from such a position, or would they put themselves into the hands of the Court to appoint a liquidator who could sell the property at its good pleasure, and at whatever price he thought proper ? He believed the Tasmanian Government, though, in the opinion of the board, they took a wrong view, were honestly disposed to carry out their agreement. There never was an agreement yet that two people did not take different news of. The Government had taken a view which the directors believed was not only wrong in law, but morally wrong, and they would endeavour to satisfy the Government on that point ; but what they asked of the company was, " Put your railway in a fair state of repair as we say it ought to be, and then we will carry out the agreement, and pay you the guaranteed interest." The directors had knocked at many doors and found them closed. The natural reply was, "Why do not the bondholders, who have got the greatest interest-the men who are the proprietors of the railway, because no shareholder can get a shilling till the interest is satisfied- why do not these men assist you with the trifling amount of 7 or 8 per cent, upon their bonds to help you And the reply he had to give (lippi wag, "Those who consented to such a plan have not replied in sufficient numbers to enable us to carry put the prefect wo proposed, and, therefore, we have no alternative but to come to you ;" and he repeated now that if they would not help themselves the board was powerless to help them. It was useless to say the directors ought to do this and that. Directors were but men like themselves ; they had no power to persuade capitalists, and the reply they naturally made was, !' Let the people who are most interested do something." He wished every gentleman who heard him to rest assured that liquidation was the most ruinous, the most dangerous, and the most fatal course that could be pursued. They had a chance, first of all, in the honesty of the Government, as he had already said he believed they were disposed to be honest to the company and in the next place they had the chances of the working of the line. They had got 120 miles of railway, with rolling stock now working satisfactorily, though he could not say at present it was paying its working expenses; but every week improved that, because they were entering into the summer of Australia. The traffic was increasing, and he had heard, from sources other than the manager, that no doubt in a short period the line would earn its working expenses, and more than that. Would they give that up? Would they get into liquidation because they would not pay £8 on every bond they had What was it that the directors asked them to do? They asked them to be content with 25 per cent. instead of 5 on the £92 10s. paid, but the 4 per cent, was on the £100, and amounted to 5 per cent, on the money actually paid. They asked them to forego that A per cent to enable them to go either to some of the large landholders, and ask them to advance money on that account y, pt to go to the general public, and the directory gave the pledge that not one shilling of the money that was to be raised should be employed in any other way than putting the line in such a condition as the Government exacted, so as to enable the bond- holders to receive the 4½ percent certain, and, at the end of a certain period, come into possession of the 5 per cent again. They had failed hitherto to give the directors power to do that, and therefore they were powerless. It was for the bondholders now to determine whether they would abandon the property and go into liquidation, or whether they would assist the board or anybody else they had more confidence in than the board, so to put the property into good order as to ensure the interest being paid by the Government, All he would add on that point was, they must do one of two things either to make an effort to save the property, or make up their minds to abandon it, because they had only the choice of those two alternatives. Just before entering the room a circular from a bondholder was put into his hands, which completely shadowed out the view that he and his colleagues had of their position, and the means of redeeming that position and putting them into a proper way. He hoped the writer of it was present, or some of his friends, who would be able to explain from a bond holders point of view what they thought should be done, At the last meeting ft question was, asked about the working expenses and the receipts, and he told them that the receipts did not equal the expenditure, but that the manager hoped by economical working in a short time to make the two ends meet, The difficulty then was, that the Government refused to pay anything at all. That Government, happily for the company, went out and another came in better disposed-he would not say to do justice to the company- hut taking what he would call a more liberal view of the position of the Government with the company. That Government proposed to the Chamber that a certain sum per month should be paid to the company, to enable them to keep the line open, in favour of which the whole country had petitioned, for- they were beginning to find out what benefit the railway was to them, snub much at it had saved £40,000 a year in regard to the traffic of Hobart Town already. No wonder, therefore, that the whole country had petitioned that the line might not be shut up, because they had experienced the great benefit of it. The Government made a proposition to the company, which was passed unanimously by the Lower House, and he presumed, rejected by the Upper House, because since then they had received a telegram stating that they had voted a certain sum for six months, and he presumed it was in consequence of their being unable to carry out the original proposition. That sum was £2,900 per month, or an aggregate of £15,000 for six months. The Secretary read a telegram of 22nd November to the above effect.] They would recollect (the Chairman continued) that previous to that the Government and advanced £3,500 to the company, and before they wit that telegram the board had determined to call the bondholders together to explain the position. The telegram came as a solatium that things were not quite so desperate as they thought, and that there was some prospect of being able to make out what the Government required. One point in contest was as to whether the company had the right to stop at the Evan- dale station-the last station on the Tasmanian line. The gauge of the Launceston Uno being different, it was impossible to work the two lines in unison unless this company was allowed to stop at Ferndale. That was conceded, but at the early part of the contract that station was not used. Tilla company applied for the use of the Launceston station, but the Govern- replied that they had no room for them at that station, and that the company must make a nomination for themselves and the Government having given them the land, they had made that station for themselves. When they asked for the contract for the mails, the reply was " You do not go to Launceston, " Therefore, with out waiving the right to stop at evandale, the manager agreed that he would inn trains to Launceston, and he (the chairman) had reason to believe from the last letter that this company was now running trains into Launceston, and that was the position on 11th October. On 1st January next year, the Government would owe the company about £21,000, according to the director's notion, and they would have received from the Government by way of advance. £18,500. The natural remark upon that Paid be If you hero had that money why not MRS M interest at the bonds?" A very pertinent remark lead; but its directors had had to carry I out the requirements of the Government, and to enable them to do that they must have money. If the money could not be found on this side they had no alternative but to use the money on the other side, or abandon the thing altogether. However disagreeable it might be to his colleagues and himself to come there and Bay, "We have been obliged to use your money in Tasmania, and we cannot pay you in England," yet they must absolve the board, and all reasonable men would absolve them, when he told them it was the only means they had of keeping the line open, and of saying to the Government, "Now you must fulfil your obligation." The moment the ino stopped there was an end of the contract, which said that from the 5th March last the line should be maintained and worked efficiently. Added to that, they would have had to discharge an efficient staff, and they would have had, at the end of twelve months, to pick up the thing again, and they would have to spend ten times as much to put the line into an efficient condition as they would have to spend now. As he had said, the bondholders stood first, and till they were satisfied nobody had the ghost of a chance of getting anything. Therefore, in the interest of the shareholders and that of the bondholders, and nobody else, the directors had employed the money paid by the Government on account in the way he had stated ; because, if the money had come to England, the line would have been shut up, and then they would have to spend five, six, or ten times as much money to put the line in order; and it must be borne in mind that they had no claim for arrears. Their claim only arose so long as the line was kept open and efficiently worked ; therefore in their interest the. board employed the money, and he did not believe any men in the room would turn round and say they had done all in so doing. They had been even penurious in this company ; they had not expended a penny which was not for the direct benefit of the railway. They had spent to the last shilling on rolling stock sent out, and if they had the means he would send out now steel rails to make points and crossings ; but he declined entirely to contract debts either on his own behalf or that of the company, which he had no reasonable means of paying, and therefore he could not go on and plunge the credit of the company, because the credit of a corporate body like that of bondholders was valueless in the market, and he disclaimed individual credit- first, because he had no right to do it, and, secondly, because he could not afford to do it No one could say the directors had not laboured honestly to the best of their ability in the interest of those whose interest was committed to their charge ; but they had a burden upon their shoulders which they could not stagger under, not to say walk, and if the bondholders would not help them to do what was in their interest, and in their interest alone, all he could say was, the thing must drift on as it was. The board would (if such was the feeling of the meeting, and he felt quite sure it was) oppose the petition for winding up, because they saw no good whatever in it for the general body of the bondholders. It would only give an opportunity for a body of men, pretty well known by the term of "wreckers," to come in and put the company not only to serious cost, but jeopardise the property in such a way as to make it totally valueless. That he believed to be the spirit of the application made to the Court. The directors would oppose it, because they knew well enough very often things well intended slid into disgrace. He had the highest respect for the parties, and he did not say it would do so, but it might ; therefore it was the notion of the directors so to protect their interests that the property should neither he placed in jeopardy by hostile liquidation, nor the company be subjected to the same evils as had befallen other companies similarly situated where the thing had been done solely to get coats and wringing something out of shareholders and bondholders or anybody else that money was to be got out of. A Bondholder-Will you be good enough to say what it is you ask us to do The Chairman did not think he could do so in better or more concise language than that which was given in the circular of Mr Henry Gilbert Smith to which he had already referred It so completely carried out his (the chairman's) idea of what they should do, that it appeared to him a sensible and rational means of terminating the difficulty Therefore he adopted entirely the suggestions of that gentleman, which he would shortly read to the meeting " The amount asked for by the directors and committee of debenture holders (£50,000) is less than 8 per cent upon the amount of the bond capital If that amount could be raised all further anxiety as to the guaranteed interest due from the Tasmanian Government would be at an end, and the market price of the bonds would return to its legitimate value The company have exhausted their borrowing powers, and can only borrow more money with the consent of the existing bondholders The Government have shown their willingness to assist the company by making an advance of £15,009 to keep the railway open until all differences can be arranged and as soon as the company can satisfy the Government with regard to the construction of the railway, there can be no doubt as to the future payment of the guarantee Considering all the difficulties our engineer (ex identify a man of energy and perseverance) has had to contend with, and that the conditions of the contract with the Government have been so far practically fulfilled, it seems perfectly clear to me that the further requirements of the Government could easily be completed to their satisfaction, and at the same time our property improved for a very moderate outlay I think, then, in our own interests, we should at once make the small concession to the company we have been asked to agree to, and enable the directors to use the £50,000 which will arouse the guarantee for thirty years, and compensate us many times over for the small sacrifice now necessary A 4½ per cent Colonial Consomment Becunty has been issued this week at 10ll Why should not our bonds be worth as much Let us not lose my more time in this matter, but pass a resolution at to days meeting that will secure the future position of the company. and enable the directors to raise the amount required Do this, at ance, and a glorious future is in store for the railway, having its two termini at the shipping ports of Hobart Town and Launceston, and passing, as it does, through a splendid country where minerals abound and coal has been found close to the hue An order for the liquidation of the company can only end in disaster for the bondholders As long as the company exists the Government can only purchase the railway at a valuation, and certainly for not less than cost price In the hands of a liquidator the property might be sold at anywhere hoe, even if the Government have not the power to confiscate the guarantee Under all these circumstances, I think it is our duty to support the scheme that has been proposed for our benefit, and to oppose to our utmost unanimity all attempts to liquidate the company has was the pi opposition made to the bondholders but as yet, not accepted by the circular issued by the board to the holders of the 5 per cent perpetual debentures, they states-The company have, therefore, no hesitation in recommending that power should be immediately given to raise the sum above referred to in the form of equipment bonds as a first charge, bearing interest at the rate of 5 per cent " they proposed that the bondholders should relinquish a 4 per cent interest, which amounted to £3 000 odd, and with that guarantee the directors would endeavour to raise the £50,000 necessary to carry the plan out to this hitherto two difficulties stored them in the face- off was that the majority of bondholders could not bind the minority they there fore proposed to have ashore act at Paiuameutto define the position of the bondholders, and provided a different number consented to the scheme, to enable the directors to carry it out and supposing they went to Parliament he thought it would be well to insert a clause to the effect that the bondholders, who at present had no vote in the general affairs of the company, should have equal voting power with the shareholders He had always been of opinion that the men who found the money to make the railway ought to have a voice in the administration of it, and if they made up their minds that win the wisest course to pursue The board advised that can or should be taken in the act of Parliament to give to the bondholders voting powers, they being the parties mostdireotlyinterested in the success of the concern The Chairman concluded his remarks by moving the following resolution " That in the present position and prospects of affairs between the Tasmanian Government and the company, it will be highly injurious to the interests of the holders of the debenture bonds of the company and its creditors generally, as well as the shareholders, that any order should be made for winding up the company ' Mr Alderman Figgins complimented the directors upon their straightforward dealing with the company, and the unreserved manner in which the portion of affairs had been laid before them What the directors asked was that the bondholders should consent to give up one tenth of their interest to secure the will tenths No doubt the railway had good prospects, and he was pleased to hear a better account about the Government of Tasmania. He hoped the bondholders present would not leave the room until they consented to give the directors the power of raising this money and saving the property General Cavenagh said as a member of the committee he had been asked to second the resolution, which he did with pleasure. He believed if the railway was put into fair working order it was a property they would be sorry to part with. The reaoureoa were superior to others in Australia, excepting New Zealand, because it was a finer climate. Mr, E. May suggested that the first step to be taken was to pass a resolution that it was unclear able to wind up the company and, in the next place, to express the desirability of obtaining an Act of Parliament to compel the whole of the bondholders to come into an equitable arrangement and those resolutions placed before the Court on the hearing of the petition could not fail to have great weight in opposition to the liquidation. It would be the means of obtaining delay in the decision of the Court until it was seen whether Parliament would grant the Act or not. Mr. Meekison remarked that they could not go for an Act of Parliament without defining the objects of it. He knew of no power which Parliament had to compel him as a bondholder to pay any stun out of his pocket, or to accept any equitable terms involving payment of money against his will. All Parliament could do was to give power to raise money as a preference charge upon the whole property. He, therefore, suggested that the Act should be simply to enable the directors to borrow the sum of £50,000 for a certain specific purpose, that purpose being, if possible, to complete the railway in accordance with the contract, so as to be satisfactory to the Government of Tasmania. He begged to ask where the £30,000 already raised had gone? He apprehended it was all Blink, and he was afraid the £50,000 would go after it, although it would be a prior charge upon the whole property. Mr, Perida wished to know how it was, with all the money that had been spent, the company had got into this state of affairs He had been told that the con- tractors for the railway did not finish the work as they ought. In that event, who was answerable for the default? Were there no Securities for the due execution of the contract, and how was it all the money was spent? Because contractors were usually paid only 70 or 75 per cent, of the contract during construction. He understood the contractors were to take a certain number of shares, and he wished to know whether or not the shares were delivered before the work was finished ? He did not know where he could buy a share if he wanted. He wished to know wither- Mr Albert Grant represented the shareholders in; his own person, and, if so, the raising of the £50,000 would add to the value of the shares? Mr. Alex. Hollows said this was purely a money question. The thing was to show that the company had power to raise the money to carry out the requirements of the Government. How was the money to be raised ? If the bondholders were required to raise it that was intelligible, but if the bondholders were to give up J per cent. of their interest, and the money was to be raised otherwise, he did not understand how that was to be done. Mr. Elliott asked if there was any truth in the statement of a Tasmanian newspaper lately, that the company had instituted legal proceedings against the Government to recover the arrears of money due to the company. Mr. Curteis inquired what amount of capital' had been subscribed by the original shareholders, and how much had been actually contributed ? Also how many shares were taken by the contractors, and whether the shares had been handed over to them The Chairman, in reply, said Mr. May thought the directors ought to be prepared with a specific scheme. The fact was, their scheme had broken down for want of support. It was now for the meeting to agree upon some other plan. Mr. Meekison had stated that no Act of Parliament could give power to take money out of their pockets without their consent Of course not but what the directors proposed was that the bondholders should consent to give up 4 per cent of the 5 per cent interest in perpetuity, to which they were entitled under the prospectus, and that being a part of the Government guarantee, they would be able to raise the £50,000 at 6 per cent. They proposed to make it an equip- ment stock, taking a I per cent, preference over the existing bonds. In the present state of affairs getting money was not easy, but they had hopes, with such a guarantee as that, they would be enabled to raise so small a sum as £50,000, having spent between £800,000 and £900,000 on the line. He regretted that an allusion had been made to Mr. Albert Grant, because whatever shares he might hold had been paid for as far as the company was concerned. The agreement with the contractors was, they should be paid in cash as far the company had cash to pay, and the remainder in shares at par. Mr. Grant had never applied to the company for a single share, and the board had nothing to do with transactions between that gentleman and other people. The shares were issued to the contractors under the engineer's certificate of the works progressed. He had been asked why the contractors did not finish the works according to the contract. The simple answer to that was they broke down, and the directors were at this time suing the sureties for their default, and they might, take it from him that every legal means would be taken to safeguard the interests of the company, and to exact to the fullest extent compensation for the contractors not having fulfilled their contract The amount of the sureties was £00,000, and the board held £80,000 worth of shares not yet paid over. The share capital amounted to £293,745, of which only £1,920 was unpaid. The original capital was £1,000,000, and borrowing powers to the extent of £050,000, and £000,000 worth of shares had been issued. Under the advice of their very able solicitor in Tasmania, the proceedings against the Government had been withdrawn. The resolution was then put and carried unanimously. The Chairman then proposed a further resolution to the effect that the directors be authorised to apply for Parliamentary powers to carry out an arrangement by which the company may, with the consent of two-thirds of the bondholders in value represented in person or by proxy at a special meeting to be convened for that purpose, raise as a first charge on the earnings of the railway a sum not exceeding £50,000, on such terms as the directors may think fit, and further, to confer upon the debenture-holders powers of voting on equal terms with the shareholders. The resolution having been duly seconded was carried unanimously, and a vote of thanks to the chairman for the ability with which he had presided, terminated the proceedings. The following is a copy of the circular, dated the day on which the meeting was held : " To the Debenture-holders. Gentlemen, Refer- ring to the circular of the 4th November, issued by the directors and the committee of debenture-holders, which it would appear has not met with sufficient response from the bondholders to ensure their recommendations being adopted, and to the fact that a petition has been presented to the Court of Chancery for the liquidation of the company, I beg to offer the following remarks, and to place before my fellow bond- holders the critical position in which they will be placed unless they immediately take measures for their own protection. " 1. The amount asked for by the directors and committee of debenture-holders (£50,000) is less than 8 per cent, upon the amount of the bond capital. "2 If that amount could be raised all further anxiety as to the guaranteed interest due from the Tasmanian Government would be at an end, and the market price of the bonds would return to its legitimate value. " 3 The company have exhausted their borrowing powers, and can only borrow more money with the consent of the existing bondholders. " 4. The Government have shown their willingness to assist the company by making an advance of £15,000 to keep the railway open until all differences can be arranged, and as soon as the company can satisfy the Government with regard to the construction of the railway, there can be no doubt as to the future payment of the guarantee. " 5. Considering all the difficulties our engineer (evidently a man of energy and perseverance) has had to contend with, and that the conditions of the contract with the Government have been so far practically fulfilled, it seems perfectly clear to me that the further requirements of the Government could easily be completed to their satisfaction, and at the same time our property improved for a very moderate outlay. "0. I think, that, in our own interests, we should at once make the small concession to the company we have been asked to agree to, and enable the directors to raise the £50,000 which will secure the guarantee for thirty years and compensate us many times over for the small sacrifice now necessary. A 4½ percent Colonial Government security has been issued this week at 1916. Why should not our bonds be worth as much ? " 7. Let us not long any more time in this matter, but pass a resolution at to-day's meeting that will secure the future position of the company and enable the directors to raise the amount required. Do this at once, and a glorious future is in store for the railway, having its two termini at the shipping ports of Hobart Town and Launceston, and passing, as it does, through a splendid country, where minerals abound, and coal has been found close to the line. " 8. An order for the liquidation of the company can only end in disaster for the bondholders. As long as the company exists the Government can only purchase the railway at a valuation, and certainly for not less than cost price in the hands of a liquidator the property might be sold at any sacrifice, even if the Government have not the power to con- fiscate the guarantee, " Under all these circumstances I think it is our duty to support the scheme that has been proposed for our benefit, and to oppose with our utmost unanimity all attempts to liquidate the company. " I am, gentlemen, your obedient servant, "Henry GilbERT Smith, "A Bondholder, and a Colonist of 40 years' standing." 