Latest Mining Intelligence. HAMLEY. At this mine things are progressing very favorably, and though there is nothing very special to report, we are pleased to be able to state that the returns average about 300 tons of 18 per. cent ore per month. If copper were to run up to 26s. per unit, the shareholders would realise good profits, and exploratory work could be carried out to a much greater extent than can be done at present. NORTH YELTA. At this mine also affairs are in a satisfactory state, and we understand it is in contemplation to make an addition to the machinery department shortly, by the erection of another engine. THE introdnctiou into Victoria of the English laws for the protection of young children from too early au employment in mills, factories, and the like, and for the safe working of mines, has Jed to a steady and remarkable diminution in the percentage of accidents. From the official return of casualties in mines we find that during the last three years the number per 1000 of those employed 011 quaitz reefs who have been killed or injured is as follows, ^iz.:—1874, killed, 3-40; injured, 10S9. 1875, killed, 2*84; injured, 923. 1876, killed, 1-52; injured, 7'25. This result must be regarded as most satisfactory, though the limit of the lion-pieventible hns yet been reached. We the word " non-preventible" advisedly, lor every one who is practically acquainted with deep.mining is aware that the occupation is attended by dangers which human foresight is unable to avert. THE following is the list of cases to be heard at the Local Court of Full Jurisdiction to day, Friday June 1st:— CIVIL SIDE. Young & Rodda v. Ferris unsatisfied judgment. Berriman v. Dale. Görs v. Cowling. Shraple v. Hoffrichter. THE Cross Roads gardeners are complaining of the ravages of grubs among their early turnips and young cabbage. THE members of the Moonta Agricultural Horticultural, and Floricultural Society are to meet at the Institute to-night (Friday) for the transaction of important business. Among the items for consideration is a letter prnposing amalgamation with the Society in existence at Kadina. MOONTA MINES PUBLIC SCHOOL.—The site having been fixed for this School, and the contract let, we observe that already the cartage of sand for mortar has been commenced. The contractors, Messrs. Rossiter and Davies, sign the contract, we believe, this week. THE new Public School buildings at Moonta are so far forward that Messrs. Rossiter and Davies the contractors, hope to complete thorn by the end of August next. The c intract time is the 12th of that month, but as many of our re iders are aware a great deal of delay was caused by the drought, and the consequent impossibility of getting water for building purposes. THE BALD HILL TANKS.—We understand that Mr. Castle, the contractor for these tanks, has now no fewer than fifty men at •work. There arc also fifteen teams employ ed in removing the soil, and the w^rk is progressing to the satisfaction of the Government Officer. It will be evident from this that no tirre will be lost in getting these reservoirs ready for the =unplies o.' stormwaters ; although we fear that from the lateness of the date of their commencement they will scarcely be of much avail this winter or next summer. WE understand that the case of Shraple v. Hoffreichter will be heard before a Jury at the Local Court Moonta today. It will be remembered that this case, in which Shraple was charged by Hoffreichter with maiming a mare, was heard at the Local Court, Moonta. in October last when Shraple. was commit ted "to "the Supreme Court, and the Attorney General afte wards decided that there was no case. Shraple now sues for £100 damages for falseimprisonment. This we believe will be the first jury case heard at the above court. A NEW CONTEMPORARY, the 1 reas Express. published at Booyoolie (Gladstone) has reached our hands. It is a most creditable addition to our journalistic ranks, and we wish the lustv youngster a prosperous career. The publishers are Messrs. Pengelly and Trembath. The latter was for awhile connected with this journal ; and the farmer was for many years at the office of our local contemporary, which probably sufficiently explains the marked similarity which exists between the two papers. " HELEN'S BABIES."—Messrs. Wigg and Son, of Adelaide, have published in firstclass style an Australian edition of this very popular brochure. The title is sufficiently significant to attract the curiosity of readers: " Helen's Babies, with some account of their ways, innocent, crafty, angelic, impish, witching, and repulsive." That is a whole history to every mother in the land, and gives the portrait of " the last 1" Messrs. Wigg will be sure to make provision so that all may get the book (its only a shilling) who may want to study babyhood. WE are in arrears in making acknowledgements of pamphlets received. We have to hand by the courtesy of Charles Todd, Esq., C.M.G., the completed meteorological returns for last year ; from the zealous and enthusiastic Dr. Scbomburgk his exhaustive annual report anent the progress of South Australia's glory—the Adelaide Botanic Garden ; from the Rev. Albert Stubbs, a neatly printed Lecture, " My Reasons for Total Abstinence," written with al 1 the fluency, favor, and ornate style of composition for which he obtained some celebrity on the Peninsula ; and besides these sundry illustrated and other periodicals. We must especially mention a capital colored map of the seat of war. issued by Messrs. Frearson, of Adelaide, which is to become serial, and exhibit the positions of the Forces as the war progresses. WB received per post some days ago a small box of Gamble's Pulmonic Cough Lozenges, with the following words written thereon in red ink :—"Kindly try the sample ^•hen requisite. Sold by all Chemists in ^Selaide ; price Is. 6d " We suppose by Peninsul chemitss also. We felt very thankful to friend Gimble. The "requisite" of course meant a cough, and we've been patiently waiting for a cough, and—it hasn't come 1 We've looked out for likely subjects in our office, hut all our employes have been obstinately and distressingly healthy ever since the arrival -of tbe Gamble lozenges, and so again we've been foiled. Feeling rather discouraged, we took the parcel in band for t he purpose of considering what to do with it; and then we found written on the bottom of the box, in the presiding red ink, "Read the Testimonials ' wrappers and kindly r commend." Then light broke in upon us ! We saw that Mr. Gamble had not bees so benevolently solicitous of our health as we had thought, but had been solicitous of a free advertisement, and we're afraid he's got it ! But it troubles us that these lozinges lie on the editorial table awaiting that mysterious cough that won't come. Watching and waiting is worrying us. w ilst the Gamble ghost lies in the shape of that box ever before our eyes. A SLY GROG-SELLING case has been reported to us as having occurred at Kadina, but we are not in possession of sufficient particulars to make more than this mere mention of it. WALLAROO WATER SUPPLY.— Mr. Heath, the contractor, has commenced the excavation of the new tanks in the vicinity of the Butts of the Yorke's Peninsula Rifle Association, near to Wallaroo. 