A TOUR THROUGH TASMANIA. (Letter No. 50.) Surges Bay ; or, Adelaide. The road from Geeves Town to Surges Bay is a continuation of the main road from Hobart Town. Not to be too hard on this bit of Government road, we will style it as a "wretched bridle track." It reminded me of a long disused bridle track running at the base of the Australian Alps, called "The Hangman's Old Track," in consequence of a broken- hearted squatter having choked himself while hanging suspended from a gum tree. There is a good ghost story current on the Alps amongst the few settlers there, who do their bit of brand-"faking" now and againg; one old selector confidently assured me that "the ghost of the poor departed squatter passed along Hangman's Track every night at 12 o'clock, followed by a pack of dingoes in full cry." I can't say that I ever saw that ghost, or any other ghost; but, happening to camp out one night in the vicinity of those gloomy ranges, I did hear a pack of dingoes in full cry, aye, and saw them too, and what is more almost felt them. They were the biggest, fiercest brutes of the name of "dog" that ever went on four legs. About a dozen of them kept me piling on firewood all night; at one time the camp fire blazed away so fiercely that I could not approach near enough to ensure safety. The dingoes rounded me up after the manner of low- bred wolves; it was all but a case, as one hungry brute, all eyes and teeth, actually took the loan of a pair of leather leggings. Matters were coming to a climax. Happy thought, the dingoes would not cross over fire. In a few seconds I had arranged fire sticks in a circle, and standing in the centre of a round camp fire, and keeping it gently going, I was in a situation at once warm, comfortable, and safe. The laugh was now all on my side. The dingoes kept my company throughout the night, at a respectful distance. I even amused myself at their expense. Pretending to fall asleep, they would sneak up to within 20 or 30 yards of my round fire, when suddenly I would put a fire stick into the midst of them, and their discomfiture was complete. I even placed my boots outside the camp, as a bait, and so got a good many shots just as the ringleader would be making up his mind for a sudden dash on them. At the first streak of dawn the whole pack quietly retreated, leaving me in the arms of Morpheous till Sol was high in the heavens. I expected a good deal of sympathy from the settlers, but when I told my tale of midnight adventure they laughed, and said "it was nothing; those were the dead man's dogs, which only a week before had run down a miner, and devoured both man and horse." Some people reading this may not see their way clear to understand this fearlessness in cowardly dingoe nature. I offer an explanation. Sixty years ago, when Twofold Bay was a flourishing New South Wales settlement a certain gentleman resident there had occasion to keep a few English bred bloodhounds. When the owner of these hounds left the colony he did not like to shoot his faithful pack of man- hunters, so he turned them adrift in the bush to get a living the best way they could. Rather than starve, these dogs took to sheep- worrying, and occasional man eating. Their progeny degenerated into dingoes; but the "blood" of the merciless sleath-hound rain in their veins, and to this day the dingoes of the snowy range are a scourge to the sheepowner, and a terror to the lone wanderer at night. This is a rather long digression from the subject of letter No. 50; but as Parliament is not sitting I thought a passing reference to "tracks" in other lands might serve the better to impress on the mind of certain parties the true state of main "tracks" in a country called Tasmania. I left Geeves Town, Honeywood, en route for Port Esperance, on Friday morning last. The weather was bright and warm, an enjoyable contrast to a week of wind and rain that had preceded it. The view to be obtained from the rising ground at the back of Geeves Town is one that the landscape artist would delight in. In the foreground is a bubbling mountain stream, beyond a lovely green valley, studded over with neat dwellings; farther still, tree covered slopes; and far away, as far as eye can ken, a snow-capped peak of the Hartz Mountains, glistening pure white in the morning sun. An hour's walk brought me to a bona fide settler's farm. Mr Scott, 25 years splitting, carting, and farming on the Huon, is now giving the declining years of life to the more congenial and less laborious pursuit of fruit growing. I pulled up to have a "pitch" and a drink of tea with Mr Scott. Directly I got inside the garden gate, I reckoned the owner up to be a practical and a painstaking agriculturist. In the first place, I noticed that the orchard was particularly well drained, and in the second place, there was a good sprinkling of bone-dust on the newly- turned soil. Upon entering the house my eye was refreshed by the sight of some few excellently well got-up pictures, which hung about the kitchen. Now, as half the readers of this column won't believe that I saw some first- class pictures in a Huon selector's kitchen, I may as well explain that the pictures were "hams" and "sides of bacon." Such, I am free to confess, are the sort of pictures I wish every poor man had on his kitchen walls. It was my good fortune here to get a lift on the road to Surges Bay. Did some one lend me a "moke?" No. Did any man invite me to ride in a dray ? No. I got a lift by water, and went the next three miles in a boat. The change from road to water was "awfully agreeable," as the young Lady of the Period would say. The Huon at this point is certainly a magnificent expanse of water. On this occasion it was placid as a mill pond, and the surrounding scenery equal to that on the Cumberland Lakes, and charming as the charming Lakes of Killarney. Surges Bay is not a large sheet of water, but it is deep, safe, and completely sheltered from gales. The township of Adelaide lies a little way up the creek, which empties itself into Surges Bay. The Adelaide here referred to has little in common with the Adelaide of South Australia. I am yet somewhat puzzled to know why this Surges Bay township is called Adelaide at all. I could not advise any one sending a letter here to put Adelaide on the envelope, as the chances are that it would go to the other Adelaide over-the-way in mistake. It does not take a week to know everybody and everything connected with the Adelaide concerned in this letter. Thirty-five years ago a family settled here; nothing more happened till Mr H. B. Evans ventured to erect a saw- mill on the township; then a great deal of money was spent, and nobody made a fortune out of the speculation. The mill worked about 12 months — then it had a "spell" for 6 months; and 4 months since steam was got up once more, and as the Turks said to the Russians—"Here we are hard at it again." Mr Evan's saw- mill stands in the centre of the township, surrounded by workmen's hut. A 13-horse power vertical engine, and a tubular boiler 9 feet long, drives a pair of frames and a circular saw, with 40lbs of steam. The mill is double- roofed, 80 x 40 feet, and when worked full-handed is capable of turning out 30,000 feet of sawn timber weekly. The machinery is in excellent repair, and running very smoothly. The work of constructing a 4-feet tram- way, to be about two miles in length, is being proceeded with. The tram so far is the best built one that I have seen on the Huon. After its completion, so far as required by the splitters and log-getters, it will be continued to the beach; as at present the timber has to be punted out of the creek into the Bay. A jetty is to be built about 80 yards from the beach into Surge's Bay, so that vessels may load with greater convenience and despatch. Four or five craft now call for shipment of timber weekly, besides two regular traders. The inhabitants about the mill number about 50 souls. Mr Denham, the resident mill manager, also acts as postmaster. I spent but a few hours on the settlement, but while I was there every facility was afforded me for arriving at a general knowledgo of the place. I enjoyed the visit. I respect Mr Denham for his business tastes, and now thank him for his hospitality. 17th August, 1877. Keeping Her Above Ground.—The evidence given in the Walrond will case, of the testator keeping the body. of his child for years in his room, reminds me of a story I heard years ago of a gentleman who lived in the neighbourhood of Park Lane keeping the body of his wife, on the roof of his house. By her marriage settlement a large legacy was due to her husband as long as she was above ground. When she died, the disconsolate husband hhad her embalmed, put in a coffin, and placed in a mausoleum, erected on the roof of house. There she now, for all I know, and he still draws the annuity. — "Mayfair." Why, Indeed.— A man in Wisconsin has applied for a divorce, upon the ground that his wife marvied him under false pretences. He says she told him while he was addressing her that she could hoe an acre of potatoes and split two cords of wood between breakfast and dinner; and she had proved herself a fearful fraud, she could only split half a cord and hoe three times across the field. It seems hard that men are continually to be made the victims of these designing women, why will wives trifle in this manner with the tenderest affections of their husbands. Why will they shatter their heart-strings? How much happier would have been been the home of this Wisconsin woman if she had emulated the example of the Shosh- one squaws! One of them goes out and digs turnips all day, and then wheels them home at night in a push-cart, while her self-sacrificing husband, in the depth of his unspeakable love, sits on the front door- steps smoking Lone Jack tobacco and meditating upon the number of drinks of pyrotechnical rum he can put in his jug with the money he gets when he sells that squaw.'— "Philadelphia Bulletin." 