LOCAL INTELLIGENCE. Sheahan v. Sheep-farmers. — A letter ap peared in the Gundagai Times of Saturday, sigped ' J. H. Sheahan, Inspector of Stock',' being a laboured attempt at a reply to our comments upon the late prosecutions. Mr. Sheahan seems to be very much chafed at our article, and makes a savage effort to i prove something villainous on our part. We might be content to remain quietly under a charge of ignorance, levelled, at us by such a great light as the author of the letter in question appears to be ; but he charges us with ' ' sdmething worse than ignorance,' and if we trouble him again he ; may be gracious enough to explain what this awful 'something' is. Our sheepish friend will, therefore, be further dealt with in our next issue. Pain Paint. — We accidentally omitted from our last issue any mention of the visit to our town of Mr. C. E. Moulton, the ' Pain Paint' man and celebrated lightning calculator. Since Jhis visit, go where you will, like the ghost in an old street-arabs' song, on every wall and post, you are met with 'Pain Paint,' the never-failing remedy for all the pains that flesh is heir to. But Mr. Moulton treated our townspeople to something more than his spirited advertising. He gave a torchlight entertainment of a kind quite novel to his audience (which, by the-bye, was a very large and appreciative one), in front of the Albion Hotel. His avowed subj ect was ' ' calculating,' though he did occasionally digress, quite accidentally like, in order to refer to his great antidote for all pains. His exhibitions in calculating upon the blackboard were something worth witnessing, and of mental arithmetic even marvellous, — the audience giving frequent marks of their appreciation, and many were heard to covet a knowledge of the. mystic art of lightning calculating, pur chasing books in order to try and find out the secret for themselves. Mr. Moulton inter spersed hiB entertainment with witty and humorous speeches, &c.;, and occasionally made some happy hits. He promised to visit the town again at some future time. 'Constitutional Syphilis.' — We are requested to direct attention to a lengthy advertisement we are now publishing of a work on medical social science, by Dr. James George Beaney, F.R.C.S.E., who is now well known in the colonies as an author on this and other kindred subjects. A number of very favourable opinions of the Press are given, opinions of some of the most respectable journals in the colonies. We can simply recommend our readers to peruse these, as we have not seen the work itself. ' Daylight.' — This is the title of a new weekly iournal published in the metropolis, the first number of which has been forwarded to us. It contains sixteen foolscap folio pages of original and well written articles wholly confined to politics, a review, and some selected opinions upon the political crisis from the provincial press. The origi nal articles are written in an elevated and pleasing tone ; and we hope this brilliant luminary may long continue to lighten our darkness. Oddfellows' Ball.— -We would again re mind all expectant of the pleasure winch will be afforded by the Oddfellows' Ball that it is to take place this (Tuesday) ev^pdng. A powerful brass band from Yass has been en gaged, and other costly arrangements have been made to give eclat to the ball. y( United Cricket Olujl— -The annual meeting of this club was held at Mr. R. I Gregory's Hotel on Thursday night last. | Owing to the absence of several members ! from home the attendance was rather limited. 1 On the motion of Mr. Hobbs, Mr. H. D. 1 Coker was voted to the chair, and explained the object of the meeting, viz., the election 1 of a secretary, treasurer, and committe for the ensuing year, which business was at once proceeded with, and resulted as follows : — Secretary, Mr. J. Lardiner ; treasurer, Mr. | / R. Gregory ; committee, Messrs. Tracy, / O'Brien, Price, Harrold^ and Forbes. /'Oh -UCWmnfc oi Illy absuuiwipxhe late secretary, together with the usutl report, the exact £v\nttnin1 iVp TITO SI Tlttfi flTFlVfid JJLUwUvwJi uxvu WA VUWIVAUV UWW — - — ? ? at; but it was considered to be fairly pros perous. After some conversation amongst those present, it was decided to set apart Saturday in each week as general practice day ; and it was mutually agreed to issue a challenge to one of the neighbouring clubs as soon as a little practice has been had. The annual subscription of 10/- was then paid by nearly all present, and a committee meeting arranged to take place as soon as convenient after the return of the late secretary. The chairman then addressed a few^ remarks ex pressive of regret at the indiscriminate manner in which the standing timber had been cleared off the recreation-ground, thus rendering it incapable of affording the least i shelter to visitors from the hot summer sun ; and the meeting terminated. The following selections have been taken UP at the Gundagai Land Office: — James Collins, 40a, Cooba; Timothy Flynn, sen., 80a, Cooba ; James Hawthorn, 40a, Wan tiool ; Charles Passlow, 100a, Wantiool; John S. Futter, 120a, Beggan Beggan; Samuel Williams, 40a, Kimo ; George Pass low, 80a, Cooba; James Edwards, 640a, Nangus ; George Manwaring, 40a, Cooney ; William Manwaring, 60a, Cooney ; Leah ' Howe, 100a, Gobarralong ; Patrick Magen nis; 40a, Nanangroe ; James Jamieson, sen., 40a, Cullinga ; Henry Mullins, 40a, Wallen doon. I * Somebody Doing Well.— Who is it that will not be glad to hear that Mrs. Angove, | formerly of Gulgong, but now of Cootamun dra, is doing well. From a letter received from Cootamundra this week we have been permitted to make the following extract : — ' Mrs. Angove is doing a splendid business. It was a lucky hit for her coming here. She has built a large brick addition to her hotel, doubling its accommidation, and is building four offices and a store exactly opposite her hotel. They will be finished in a few weeks, and are already let for a term of three years.' May she ever flourish. The rail way will open next month at least to Coota mundra, which will he the terminus for some time of the Great Southern line, and be the scene of great activity. To those who re member Count Kaleslu opening a store there the change which has taken place since will seem marvellous^ — Mudgee Times. 