« THE BLACK MUSEUM.' FFrom the London Spectator.] 'Take care how you step,' says a cour teous official, who has preceded the visitor , up a staircase in one of the houses in Scot land Yard, a«d opened a door on an -upper , floor; ' we are obliged to throw a great,' deal of this about.' The substance in!' question is a disinfecting powder, inimical' to the 'moth. Tae room is a large, bare floored apartment, with barred windows, fitted up with wideshel ves, which are divided into square compartments ; the centre ia occupied by a shelved stand, also divided .. into compartments, and their contents are liberally sprinkled with the all- pervading powder. The room is that in which the articles of property taken from cjnvic'ts.j about to undergo their sentences are stowail , away until they are reclaimed by their owners. The stand in the centre is a recep tacle for objects of the ' unlawf ul-poas&s-; sion' class, to which a large room upstairs is also devoted. Oveihead is the ' Black Museum,' in which during the last three years pieces de conviction, which until then had been kept indiscrimately with the other property of criminals, have been arranged and labelled, forming a ghastly, squalid, and suggestive show. On ^entering the lower - room the visitor is struck by its odd resenv - blance to a seedshop. Hundreds of hooks stud the rims of the shelves and the sides of the compartments, and. from them aie suspended hun-v dreds of little packets, neatly made ; up in brown paper, tied with white twine, and severally distinguished by large parch ment labels, each bearing a neat inscription. The packets contain small articles taken, from the prisoners, who in due course, after they are discharged from prison, will be brought to Scotland Yard, will have their portraits taken (by force, should they object to that process); the larger things . are deposited in the compartments of the shelves, and every item, no matter how in significant, is entered in the proper registers. A motley collection are the larger articles, with a preponderance among them of grimy pocket-books and greasy purses — one trim, and pretty hand-basket strikes the visitor's eye — but there are valuable things in some of those parcels ; and downstairs, in the officials' room, is a massive iron safe, fitted with sliding shelves, in which is kept a large collection of, watches, rings, chains, pins, scent-bottles, pencil-cases, and other jewellery, which are either the lawful pro perty of prisoners, or have been found in their unlawful possession and confiscated, but for whom no owners have been dis covered. Among the watches are some beautiful specimens; one in particular, taken from a. costermonger, and of exqui site workmanship and ornamentation, is valued at £50. The Prisoners' Property Koom is scrupu lously clean and tidy, but the look of it is forlorn and squalid ; the powder lies thick on everything, and the scent of moth and rot is in the air. Great bales of cloth and woollen stuff occupy the shelves of the central stand. They are shaken, and beaten, and turned, but all to no avail; the moth and the rot have got them, while the prison has got the unlawful possessors of them, and the unwholesome weirdness peculiar to once worn but long unused garments is upon the articles of wearing appaiel which are hung or folded up ia - the room. This impression comes more strongly upon the visitor when he goes up higher still, into the topmost apartment, where heaps of clothing hang against the walls, some new, some worn. A girl's white fur jacket behind the door is a mere nursery for moths, a bunch. of new boots of several sizes dangling from a peg at the end of a long string is all speckled with a measly mildew ; the heaps of shawls have a draggled and furtive look, and some children's clothing has a touch of its inseparable prettiness, even here. Old books, a picture or two, some worth less table ornaments, innumerable ar ticles which could not be described ;j or classed except as odds and ends, '! form a portion of this collection, which goes on accumulating, and which. ' has no ultimate destination. ' What is to become of all this P' asks the visitor, and- ;i is answered, to his surprise, that nobody' knows; that the things are nobody's pro perty, and nobody has the power to do any thing with them— a piece of information ' '' which makes them more ghastly and night- .' , marelike to the imagination than before.' : An ever-growing dust-heap, formed of , thieves' clothing and unlawful possessions,''.'. with nobody to cart it aways to distribute ~ it, or bury it out of sight for evermore ; ah : accumulating banquet always spread for ' the moth, the rust, and the rot— the con-'r tents of those rooms are far from pleasant to think of. It seems supremely ridiculous, but it is a fact that nothing short of a legislative measure could rid the premises of these Totting garments, out of every fold of which ore might shake, with the dust, an image of squalor, crime, and punish- * ment. Outside of the door of the Black Museum, is a shelf, in the wall of the landing-place. . : The visitor passing it ia aware of a huddled heap of dirty coats, a serge gown, and a coarse kind of rug, the skin of an animal, with the red and white hair on it. Under the shelf, on the floor, lies some rough pack ing cloth. He passes the heap carelessly^ , there's a little can full of a disinfecting fluid on the same shelf — and enters the Museum . What are his first impressions of it? They are various,— that.it is like a : bit out of a gamekeeper's room, with a bigger bit out of a smith's forge, a touch of ' .. '. a carpenter's workshop, a' broad suggestion, of a harness-room, something of the iaarw&r; '' store complexion (and a good dear of it» , odor), a hint of the open air stall in .front ~ - of a pawn shop in a, very small way* of busi- \ ness indeed, a little of the barrack-ropm. '.V gun-rack, with no 'bright barrelB' e^- ',' forced ; a general air of lumber-room, with . . just a dash of 'anatomical museum; but above all, and increasing with every..' , moment's prolonged observation, a likeness to the cutlery booth in a foreign fair, with' all the knives symmetrically displayed, but unaccountably rusty and dim- bladed, as.if . the booth had been shut up for half - century, and the salesman and jbis customers were all ghosts. : . Opposite the door, 'and on the face.pf the wall to the right, are the objects displajred . on a wooden shelf with iron legs, Tftacb.: h convey to the visitor a hint *-t the og&ia- air; ' ?stall in front of a pawn-shop in a very small v. way of business indeed. A. common liaie j : looking-glass in a wooden frame, with' k foot to it, four black glass buttons, two , whisps of rope, a'pair of trumpery earrings In a card board box, too bulkts, apipe, a Cluster *jf soft (now dull) light brown hair -around round a pud, a comb, a pocket-knife, and a little wooden stand covered with glass are among t&e; taost noticeable articles. On the shelf to the right are a dirty Prayer bobk, a pocket dictionary, a pair of boots, a gaudy bag worked in beads, and the crushed itemauiB of a woman's bonnet, made «f the commonest black -lace, and flattened into ^baselessness. In both these instances the other impressions of the place come in too, for over the ehelf fronting the door hang ^workmen's tools, hammer, and cleaver, and spade, and beside that, on the right, is just such a bundle *s adorns the walls of a marine store j it consists of a gown and a petticoat, of cheap, poor stuff, bearing dreadful dim stains, and a battered crino line. The visitor is in presence of the mean objects which perpetuate here the memory of two peculiarly korrible crimes. The soft brown' hair is tkat of Harriet Lane, the buttons and the earrings are thoss which were' . foond in the earth, where her body had been buried, the bullet ?were taken out of her skull, ths object' .tender the glass case is the eacre piece of hex skin 'which completed the identification of the hody; the wisps o rope dragged her out of the earth under th warehouse; the. cleaver, the hammer, an the spade «re the implements with which thtohorril&e; deed which led to the mur derer's detection was done. The knife was TbomasWainwnght'e,the pipe was Henry's, and when the viator is leaving the Museum he yriU be shown, in the pack-cloth on the floor under the shelf outside the door, th© wrapper in which the', dismembered body ?was packed ; and in one of the dirty coats — a horrid thing, with its hideous rents and smears — Wainwrightfs vesture on the oc casion. The coat of the captain of the Lennifij'with the gash in the cloth torn by the knife of his murderer, and eaten through aod through with rot and moth, is not nearly so ^disgusting an object; and as for the serge robe of that poor rogue, ' Professor Zenda ?vesta/'and the hide cloak of the confiscated 'anatomical' wax African, who grins awfully in one corner of the Museum, a real skeleton hand and arm considerately bidden behind him, they are quite cheerful to look afrin comparison. The Prayer-Book and the 'other pitiful objects upon the shelf to the right were found on the body of Maria Clonsen, the blood and mud-stained clothes were hers, and they contrast with grim irony, as evidences on unpunished ?crime, with the adjoining objects, which tell of one brother hanged and the other in penal servitude. Along tme wail on tue right side of the room 'is ranged a choice collection of guns, ?crowbars, and ' jemmies''-;— the latter are implements of the housebreaking industry, which admit of great variety, and are sus ceptihle of highly artistic handling — and among them is a pair of tongs, unevenly rusted, and with a dirty paper book, written all over, -with incoherent sentences attached to it. -The tongs are those with which a man named Macdonnell killed his wife about two years ago. The book is, it seems to the visitor, a record of the various phases of . the man's insanity; they hanjred him,' though, and also the greater number of tbe proprietors of the horrid, labelled assortment of hammers, knives — including the bread, carving, and pocket varieties — razors, and pistols, which suggest a cutler's booth in a fair- There is dried blood on all the knives and razors, and on some of tbe hammers, and every one stauds for a murder or a suicide ; in a terrible number of cases, for the murder of a wife by her husbapd. Several of the pistols, mostly beautiful weapons, are the instruments of suicide, and each is labelled with the name, date, and place. The simple suicides are almost all among the higher classes of society, and when the visitor asks how the pistol with which a gentleman of wealth anclstalion shot himself has come into the keeping of the Museum, he is told, 'The family, mostly do not like to have it, and so tliey ask the police to take it away.' In a .comer hang the clothes of the Eev. J. Watson, who murdered . his wife at Stockwell; the horse-pistol with which be ahot her, and the heavy hammer which .he bought to knock' the nails into the, chest in which he proposed to hide her body. __ So carefully had the murderer washed .hie trousers and his coat- sleeves that the blood-stains could onlv be dis cerned «?ith difficulty at the time of the investigation. But since the coat and trousers Jiave been hanging on the Black Museums walls the stains have come out close and .thick. ' We many times notice that heue,' xhe visitor is told. The frightful weapons used by the Lsnnie mutineers axe here,, neatly ranged under the photograph of the ringleader, 'French .tfeter,' and .a 'group'' of the whole gang of ruffians, with a red-ink mark on the four heads among, the number to indicate those xyho were hanged. ,Hard by is a bundle -.of letters, forming the corres pondence which furnished much of the evidence against Margaret Waters, tha baby farmer. §ow ^much siii, shame, .sorrow, and cruelly that small dusty bundle represents! A email billycock hat, with a* :. mask fastened inside the front rim, into wluch is jjajeked a purs*, a cosiforter, a small lantern, and . a lif e- preserver, with a terrific knob of lead on it, is-ju-te a cheerful object Jto turn to from all these, giiin relics of worse criinee, though the burglar who formerly ownel the liferpresei'ver informed the police who seized, .put also rescued him, kaviusr come up on Jbparing ? his cries . arheir he was .caught beiween; the iron bars ai a window thiough;jihich he was escaping, on a false alarm, that' he had thoroughly intended to 'dofpr';;auy one who .should -interrupt bim( wifli ^lisjt convenient weapon. A bundfcrof ft^h notes,';. Baufc of ? .Elegance issue; foivwbicji there is .a fixed price^aiid a. brisk sale''on..jiace,courses among betters who cap piily ijegd jmperfecfly-' or not at all; the - conjuring book of Prof esEor- .Zendaveeja, whjch always opened', ajt ;the same 'jiage,.*^he. only, one on .whicU. .there is^a Tfejerked^ horoscope ; ; the wretched - ^cheat's ill-spelled accounts, which reyeal the staipfendpiUjE crediiiity of the people, for they record aji Average £f . 500 visitors a week^.^na. the betters addressed to him, chiefly bjr women, ,£t least sid^cientJy edu- ; ?cated to .know better; these ,are t almost, amusingj'afte'r all &al; lias been seen before. A forged betting : ticket, .which got the forger jtoto irouble at the Jffoftioglmmiaees, ; is a curious and u)genjou3-ciampie'of pei1 yerted cleverness. Tap forged ticket is; identical with? the seat one to aU appearance j On veiy^osfe bisp;ec,tion one sees that it is better priced %bm the gamine, article. | A large- assortment _oL_bur^lars' tools is not the least suggestive- object here. The weapons of , the thieves' war upon society are models of good workmanship, and of the adaptation of means to ends. 'When the neatest 'centre- bit'' of tbe carpenter's shop is coqipared , with the deft, swift, noiselessly-working implement which goes into an iron shutter as a cheesemonger's scoop goes into a 'fresh Dutch -' when one looks at. the wedges of finely-tempered steel, working between zinc side-bites ; at the two' home- made dark lanterns, contrived wjth extra ordinary cleverness out of a mustard- tin and a metal matchbox respectively ; at the rope-ladd6r, the ' beautiful little jemmy,' in a carefully-buttoned red flannel case — tlrs small, ^powerful tool is made of a piece of a driving - wheel belong ing to the finest machinery, and the metal was, of course, stolen to make it — at the bright, slender skeleton keys; at the footpads, which are enough to make one start at every creak of one's boards and stairs, howeve'r slight; at the safe- breaking tools, which make one think there's nothing like the old stocking in the thatch after all — one is amazed at and sorry for the mis used cleverness and perverted inventiveness to which these things testify. Among the skeleton keys is one delicate little contri vance, which at a first glance one might take for an ornament for a lady's chatelaine. It is in reality a double instrument for pick ing latch-keyholes — one part forming1 the key, and the other lifting the spring. This pretty trifle was made from the brass-clasp of a purse, and asedwith such success by the inventor that in a short time he found himself in prison. While one is actually inside the Black Museum one cannot feel amused at anything ; but by the time one has turned into the Strand, the impression of the dreary reliquary of crime has so far passed away that one can smile at the story told of the impudent simplicity of this poor, clever thief. ' When fie was discharged from prison,' said the Curator of the Black Museum, as he restored the delicate, dang ling little bit of villany to its place, ' the man came here, and asked us to let him have it back J' 