GENERALITIES. By Quizzee.. Now that Pluvius has let us know that he is still in the land of the living, and after all that has been written and 6aid auent a proper water supply for Kapunda, little room is left for any thing more to be added at present to the many ar guments put forward showing the absolute necessity for sucli an undertaking in an important town like Kapunda. " Once bitten, twice shy," and after the experience of the late drought, it is gratifying to find that although the copious showers which fell at the commencement of last week may be ample enough for present requirements, there are plenty of townsmen on the look out for " breakers ahead." If all the stories I have been told are true, I am afraid the recent continued dry weather will prove a veritable " breaker" to numerous farmers and others. I hope such is not the case, as these occurrences always have a most depressing influence on business; and, judging by the accounts of a good number of shopkeepers, things are quite bad enough as they are. There can be little doubt that the farmers in some districts have suffered most severely, what with the scarcity of water and the ravages of the rabbits. Oue farmer, 1 am told, secured but 19 bags from 90 acres. There is still another evil, which, I am afraid, the farmers will suffer from ere long, and I was glad to notice in the last edition of the Herald that Mr. Lewis had drawn attention to it. I allude to the rampant growth of thistles. Re cently while up in the Marrabel, Hamilton, and Saddleworth direction, I noticed that they were spreading like wildfire, and unless immediate steps are taken for their eradication, they will prove a most prolific source of trouble, annoy ance, and Iosb to poor Wapstraw ; and goodness knows, he has had enough to contend with lately. But this is digressing from the water question, which I am afraid will not be settled if tbe G-overnment do not continually have it brought under their notice. Therefore, I am glad that the Corporation and so many influen tial gentlemen have made up their minds not to rest until the waterworks in Kapunda is an ac complished fact, and I wish them every success in their endeavours. Bye-the- bye, it occurs to me that it is a long time since the Commissioner promised to " send up an engineer as soon as he had one to spare and if the other many works in the Public Works Department will not allow of one to come here before this, I consider it high time the staff in that department was increased. To slightly paraphrase Shakespeare—Fifteen hundred pounds, well; and the ratepayers to become bound, well. Ratepayers are good men —nobody can say anything to the contrary. The Corporation want money ; there can be no ques tion about that. It would be preferable for them to borrow the money at 6 per cent, and pay off their debts, than continue to pay 10 per cent., for the accommodation they have at present from the Bank. Therefore, why this delay P Coun cillor Trevaskis seems backward in coming for ward with his second essay. No doubt he is con sidering the matter over calmly and quietly so as to prevent any hitch a second time. But it is time a more was made, or we will find the next election here without anything to show for it but talk. Cr. Trenerry to the rescue! By the way, the stand taken by the Auditors with reference to the money voted for Datton Park looks ominous for the fate of the sum voted for the payment of Mr. White, as trustee of the school ground, doesn't it P If a contractor happens to place any building materials on the road, or makes an excavation, aud neglects to place a light thereon at night, he is introduced to the magistrates, and has to stand the " racket; " but if a paternal Government, with a magnanimous spirit and desire, projects and carries out railway works which pass across the streets or main roads of important towns, it seems that it can make or cause obstructions, leave roads dangerous to life, and, when impor tuned to place lights, can threaten to block up a main road by fencing it off. Certainly I heard of several streets being mentioned as likely to be blocked np by the railway, but I am not aware that the Clare-road was mentioned as one. Yet I am told that when it was suggested, at the in stance of the Corporation, that a light should be placed upon that piece of Clare-road which has been rendered Very dangerous for night travellers, the threat was held out that if the application for a light was insisted upon tbe engineer in charge would follow his instructions, and fence off the road! Rather good that, and no mistake. In fact, I am led to understand the reply was something akin to Macbeth's address to Banquo's ghost:— " Avaunt! and quit my sight"— Thy cause is useless ! Did you ever interview a new chum ? No ? Well, I did recently. I dropped across a full fledged Cockney—one who, according to his own account, oame from the very heart of tbe great metropolis. " Drop me down anywhere," says he,in the city on a dark nigbt, from ' Petticut' lane and the ' back slums' to Rotten Row and 'rde Park, Jand, my hi, Fd soon find my way about, sir. I only wish I was back agin," "What's wrong now, chummy?" I asked. " Why, its all wrong, when a man's brought to this 'ere God-forsaken country under false pre tences." "How false pretenees?" said I. " We were told there was plenty of work for all hands, which is not the case." "How did you come out ?" " Oh, I dropped across the pound ' a nob ' man, and, after a-hearin' of him ' gkite,' as I wanted to go somewhere, I 1 sacked in * all he said, and now I'm ' sucked in,' in coming to sich a country." " Did you have any coin to pay a portion of your passage- money ?" " Oh, no, not quite ; you don't ketch weazels asleep often. The man afore me, when we went to be examined, parted with a fiver, poor devil! But I had nothink—not even a sou in my pocket, and only the clothes I stood up in." I commiserated with my new friend on his position, aud he proceeded to say, "after all the p'limnaries had been arranged, we sailed in the Regnibrali for Port Adelaide. There were 32 on us, and on arrival here, the Government looked arter us for a while. I wasn't long before I got pitchforked into a billet, in Adelaide, at eight bob a day; but that didnt suit me ! So I came up Jfco Kapunda, and things have got queerer ever since." I told him that he evidently did not know when he was well off, and impressed upon his mind the fact that no doubt things would look much worse for him yet, if he did not watch it. Cbummy then com- j plained of the wane of amusement, the price of provisions, ales, and spirits ; the quality of meat, j &c.; the absence of .midnight coffee-stalls ; and, in short, delivered himself of a most bitter in vective (against the whole colony in general. " Why," says he, " I could got a quartern o' gin for 4d., a cap o' coffee and four slices o' bread for 2d. at any hour of the night; and, as for meat, why you don't know whatsit is here. A leg o' mutton at 'ome is as big as a whole sheep is here." " That may be so," said I; " but how often, my boy, did you ever get any more than tbe smell of one ?" I then pointed out to him the progress made by the colony, stating that no sane man would expect to see a London at the antipodes in 40 years after its foundation, and painted a little picture for him of the hard ships encountered by the early colonists, expres sing the wish that he had been " pitchforked " out here iu those days, and regretting that it was impossible to give him a taste of those times now. In conclusion, Chummy wished he was safe back in ' Petticut' lane, and, as I thought it would be of infinite advantage to the colony, if he were, I wished so too. I failed to learn exactly what my Cockney friend did want besides having £17 spent to bring him out, and being kept until be was ' pitchforked' into work at 8s. per (day. Perhaps he wants to live at his ease at Government expense, or he provided with capital to start as organ-grinder (by appoint ment), and keep a midnight coffee-stall " on his own hook." I have dropped across some " high-falutin'" advertisements in my time, but the following pair, " quizzed " in the Coleraine Albion, puts all the others in the shade : — " A fancy property, in a fancy neighborhood, at a fancy price.—For sale, with delivery after shearing, the whole of my lands, comprising fourteen hundred (1,400) acreB of-the choicest country, immediately surrounded by the magni ficent estates of Murndal, Tahara, and Graasdate; with twenty-two acres in the towns and suburbs of Merino, Coleraiue and P irfcland; and say 4,000 sheep, 20 horses, and 20 cattle; all superior stock. Good residence, sufficient plant and furniture, and fenced iu excellent order. No fluke or liver rot. It will be guaranteed free from debt on day of delivery. Title, Crown grants. Eminently desirable for a family, the society being first-class, a publichouse close handy and no police; there being no thefts, arsons, or murders; no cheating, over-reaching, or oppres sion ; no hocuBsing, drunkenness, swearing or li ceutiousness; no seductions of young men or young women. The detectives sent up reporting nulla mala (after trying every secret temptation) or what there is beiug iuadverteut, aud immedi ately rectified, the blind in understanding being led by those who can see—authority setting the example—according to the teaching of a .beloved pastor, now no more. Terms—barring responsi bility for the foregoing description of land, stock, &c.;, or for errors or omissions, or withdrawal— fifteen (16) thousand pounds, one-third cash, one third at twelve (12) months, and one-third at two (2) years, by two bills secured on the land, and stock; and bearing 5 per cent interest.—ACiEBED Abden. "£50 reward—Whereas on or about the 30tli day (or night) of November last past, some person or persons did wilfully and feloniously cut down and destroy a large red gum tree heretofore growing in the creek paddock of my property, known as Wilmott's Sell, in the vicinity of Tahar-a, the same being by no means the first so cut down for the sake of honey; and whereas depredations on my property being constant, and oftimes more purely mischievous, and not from provocation on my part or from penury, but of a spirit abhoring christian law and christian re ligion, and lusting to have the lives and property, moral and material, of others at its command, notice is hereby given that a reward of £50, in addition to the amount offered by the W.D. Association in such cases, will be paid to any one prosecuting the said offender or offenders, past or future to conviction. Aid whereas some person did on the night of the 16th current, by leaving a large log burning with most inexcusable carlessness, cause my log fence on the main road from Coleraine to Tuhara to catch fire, whereby several chains were de stroyed and much property endangered, such delinquents are warned that whilst I am indi vidually averse to classiug unintentional damage however great with presumptuous and unpro voked trespass however small, that there are heavy rewards rightly published by authority for bringing into custody and keeping there such shiftless sacrificers of property—their own or others—whereby the peace of Her Majesty's sub ieata ia invaded ennfcinuallw —Alfbed Abden.— Claude Lorraine, Tuhara." 