MISCELLANEOUS. Moses Refuted. — The subjoined ludicrous produc tion, from the New York Times, is one of the best burle.-ques on the 'scientific method' that have come under our notice. The hit at geologists who construct elaborate theories on exceedingly frail suppositions might well be extended to some learned professors in other branches of science, who have reared wonder ful but unsubstantial fabrics of apparent fact solely from the ' scientific (r) uses of their imaginations.' ' A new and violent blow has just teen struck at the Mosaic account of creation by the discoveiy of an extremely important fossil in a coffee -sack at Balti more. In the centre of this 6ack was found the skull of a monkey. There can be no doubt as to the facts. The coffee was of the variety called Rio, and the skull was perfectly preserved. Let us dwell for a little upon the meaning of this dis covery as interpreted by the principles of geology. The coffee-sack was 12 (say 12£) inches in diameter, and 4 feet in height. The skull, which lay in the middle of it, was therefore 2 feet below the surface. To suppose that it was violently forced into the sack, after the latter was full, would be eminently unscientific. No one imagines that the fossil birds of the Old Red Sandstone dug down into that locality through the superincumbent strata. Nothing is more universally conceded than that fossils are always found where they belong. The auimals whose remains we find in the rocks of the palctozic, the meso -Gothic, and the Syro-Phccnician strata, belong respectively to those several systems. The fossil monkey skull was therefore deposited in the coffee sack when the latter was half full, and the 2 feet of coffee whi-h rested upon it was a subsequent deposit. Now, it follows from this premise that monkeys existed during the early part of tha Rio coffee period. It is the opinion of most geologists that the Rio coffee perioi succeeded the tertiary period, and immediately preceded the present period. Now, no tertiary monkeys have yet been found ; but the Baltimore discovery shows that monkeys existed as early as the middle of the Rio coffee period, a date far earlier than any which has hitherto been assigned to them. We are now in a position to in quire what is the least period of time which must have - elapsed since the skull of the Baltimore numkey was the property of a live and active simian. The answer to this question must be sought by ascertaining the rate at which coffee is deposited. It is the opinion of Mr. Huxley, based upon a long and careful examina tion of ever three hundred garbage boxes, that collee is deposited in a ground condition at the rate of an inch in a thousand centuries, but the deposition of un ground coffee is almost infinitely slower. He has placed bags, coffee-mills, and other receptacles in secluded places, and left them for months at a time, without finding the slightest traces of coffee in them. Although Huxley does not hazard a guess at the rate of deposition of unground Rio coffee, Professor Tyn dall does not hesitate to say that it is at least as slow as the rate of deposition of tomato cans. Let tis suppose, as we are abundantly justified in doing, that 30,000,000 of years would be required to bring about the deposition of a stratum of tomato cans one foot thick all over the surface of the globe, an equally long period must certainly have elapsed while a foot of underground coffee was accumulating over the skull of the Baltimore monkey. We thus ascertain that the mmkey in question yielded up his particular variety of ghosts and became a fossil fully 30,000,000 of years ago. Probably even this enormous period of time is much less than the actual period which has elapsed since that monkey's decease ; and we may consider ourselves safe in assigning to his skull the age of 50,000,000 years, besides a few odd months. In the light of this amazing revelation, what becomes of Moses and his 6000 years ?_ It will hardly escape notice that he nowhere mentions Rio coffee. Obviously, this omission is due to the fact that he knew nothing of it- But if he was un acquainted with one of the most recent formations, how can we suppose that he knew anything about the elder rocks — the metamorphic and stereoscopic strata? And yet it is this man, ignorant of the plainest facts of geology, and of its very simplest strata, who boldly assumes to tell us all about the creation ! ' — Scientific American. The English and the Chinese. — In a book recently published in China, the author, who has resided in England, accounts for British scientific progress by the fact that the English have undoubtedly robbed the Chinese of their learning. One method adopted by English scientists has been the making of an extract from the eyes of Chinese who have become Christians, and touching the eyes of foreigners with it, by which they have been enabled to understand astronomy, and perceive the mineral wealth of the earth. Another valuable medicine for the promotion of intelligence has had, for one of its ingredients, the brains of a Chinese girl who had embraced Chris tianity. Other medicines have been mixed with the brains, and the compound made up into pills, which received their final touch in the shape of incantations instead of sugar-coating. —English ALxhanic. What Breaks Down Young Men? — It is a com monly received notion that hard study is the unhealthy element of a college life. But from tables of the mor tality of Harvard University, collected by Profess jr Pierce from the last triennial catalogue, it is clearly demonstrated that the excess of death for the last ten years after graduation is found in that portion of each class of inferior scholarship. Everyone who ha- seen the curriculum knows that, where ^Eschylus and poli tical economy injure one, late hours and rumpunch use up a dozen; and that the two little finders are heavier than the loins of Euclid. Dissipation is assure destroyer, and ever}r young man who follows it is as the early flower exposed to untimely frost. _ Those who have been inveigled in the path of vice are named legion. A few hours' sleep each night, high living, and plenty of ' smashes,' make war upon every function of the body. The brain, the heart, the lungs, the liver, the spine, the limbs, the bones, the flesh, every part and faculty are overtasked and weakened by the terrific energy of pass on loosened 'from restraint, until, like a dilapidated mansion, the . ' earthly house of this tabernacle ' ' falls into ruinous decay. Fast young men, right about! — Scientific American. Influence of Temteii on Digestion. — Most people are aware, even without any scientific knowledge, that the mind has a most direct influence on the stomach, that the stomach reacts upon the mind, and that the two, linked mysteriously together, act andreact one upon the other with unfailing c -rtainty. Digestion thus obviously to a great extent will depend on the state of mind in which we sit down to a meal. It is not sufficient always merely to set the bread-winner down to a good dinner. If he has been hard at work battling during the day with the perplexities and difficulties inseparable from daily life in whatever calling, his meal, if it is to do him all the good it should, must be a cheerful one. Nay, although dis appointment in the quality of the viands will check much more than is thought the process of digestion, even when spirits are good and appetite keen , it will not be so prejudicial to the healthful assimilation of food as will be dolorous tales of domestic cares or the an nouncement of. bad news. Whatever trials and sorrows have to be faced, dinner-time and the time immediately succeeding it is not the time to grapple with them, or dwell upon the means by which they are to be surmounted. Again, highly-animated dis cussions, lapsing often into virulent arguments, are distinctly prejudicial at meal time; for temper, if ruffled, will retard digestion as fatally as damped spirits will. In a word, there is no byway to health more directly useful and generally worth sticking to than that by which we can have our meals in peace and comfort, if not in absolute gaiety. — Tinsley's Magazine. , A Visit at King Mtesa's. — Dr. Emin Effendi (Dr. Schuitzer), a gentleman employed by the Egyptian Government, writes as follows to ihe Austrian consul at Khartoum, from Mruli, on the 10th of September : ' I have teen the kingdom of Uganda, as well as parts of Usoga and Unyoro ; was hospitably received by King Mtesa, and stayed at his capital for thirty-two days,- deducting small excursions to the lakes, &c.; The people of Uganda, -with their advanced civilization, their despotic government, and their country full of banana forests, are an interesting nation. There can be no doubt, in my opinion, that they are decended from the Abyssinians (gallas). Mtesa himself, a man about thirty-five years old, with a dark-brown skin, always dressed like the rich Arabians of Zanzibar, is a man of acute intellect, good behaviour, and attractive manners. Unfortunately, the negro blood makes itself felt by an insatiable greedi ness, as well as by vacillation, and some predilection to lying and intrigue. He is, like all negro princes, a child with the instincts of a tiger. His sympathy with Christianism is a singular trait in his character ; should that be in consequence of his Abyssinian decent ? If so, this would be a confirmation of my hypothesis. He likes me very much, and is going to ask the (Egyptian) Government to let me permanently ; stay with him. A fine prospect for me ! He is not i liberal, and does not give presents, save bananas, joats, &c.;, but receives them gladly, as is also the case with his people, with whom glass pearls, so much prized everywhere else, are almost worthless. They isk for white calico, tarbush, red boots, ar .icles of Iress, shirts, and— soip ! giving in return slaves or ivory. A small colony of merchants, Wahabites from i Zanzibar, has settled there, with the head of which, ttamid Ben Ibraim, from Riad in Nedjd, I was in almost daily intercourse. You may imagine how Interesting those conversations were to me, and how much I was able to learn by inquiry. My diaries filled rapidly, and should I be preserved to com plete my journey from here over Masindi to Magungo, and then, over the lake to Dufile and Lado, in safety, I shall be very busy when I get home.' 