TURF NOTES. BY VENISON. A NAET little triangular literary duel came off a short time ago between our exhibition reporter in the horse department, Mr. J.P. Bell, and Mr. Pountney, all anent the " understandings" of the hone Epigram and the general question of Blair Athol's ability to "go and Btay," and the powers of his progeny to boot in the same direc tion. Into this controversy I have no wish to enter, except to mention, the few ideas it has given rise to as far as I am concerned. Mathe maticians and engineers alone can determine as to the shape and angle of bone, which, set in motion by muscle, is best calculated to ensure speed and endurance in a vitalised machine; and as to whether the horse, the aas, the greyhound, the hare, or the deer develop most of these qualities, as per plan and elevation, I will not pretend to determine. A great deal would seem to depend upon the habits of life which pertain to the creature under discussion. The grizzly bear is not built for speed, if we regard him from a mechanical point of view, but when in pursuit of a man he can—as the Rooky Mountain hunters will tell you—"lope awful smart" The wild boar, again, does not give altogether one the idea of a galloping machine, and yet he takes a deal of catching even by that Arab hone of which Captain Upton writes so learnedly. If you take the skeleton—" cannon bones, pasterns," shoulder blades, and all—of an average Wide Bay blackfellow, and that of an ordinary respectable tazpaying white Queens lander, you will not discover any startling points of difference ; and yetj you know, if it came to a foot race or a life chase, either way, across country for ten miles, of as many furlongs, or even a couple of hundred "yards, I fancy that the "darkey," somehow, woafd "carry the money." Again, the wild ass of Asia, the wild hone of the medium warm latitudes of Norflh America, are all very " uncatchable " animals; and not less so is the oowardty jackal, fox, or " coyote " of Cali fornia, who can extend, and laugh at, a kangaroo dog or greyhound, that model of speed as far as shape goes. It all seems to depend so much more on the mode of life than on the shape of the skele ton, that whether the subject be man, hone, ass, pig, bear, jackal, deer, or what not, all contro versy—as to which is the shape that gives speed combined with endurance^-is, to some extent, in vain. We all are agreed, no doubt, that the guinea pig, tortoise, and snail will never make gallopers ; but snap* is not everything, as many a stookhon* in pursuit of a refractory cow or calf on a drafting camp could tell you, if gifted with speech. It is the early hours, the natural, regular, and open air life that have muoh to do with the business. Hence all the excellence of the unsophisticated Arab strain. Aconsideratibnof thereoent "intense" finishfor the Bydney Derby suggests to the philosophical mind how that, year by year, " pots " and cer tainties rest on a very frail foundation, which grows frailer and frailer as time proceeds ; and be a hone never so good there is, somehow or other, always lying in wait for him a customer to make him stretch himself, and to prevent any* thing like monopoly or monotony from being set up or established. Speaking of the late Randwick meet as a whole, it has set me debating seriously ss to whether Yattendon or Maribyrnong may be set down as the best sin in Australia, on hit meritt, for "generallyuseful" radngpurposes. Whatwas, I wonder, the secret of that remarkable nick be tween Fisherman and the dam of Maribyrnong that has made the latter (of whom nothing re markable was expected at the time) the marvellous success he has since proved as a sire of winnan ? Maribyrnong does not appear on the whole to have been mated with such grand dames of blue blood as has Yattendon ; and yet, if one review the list of the progeny of each, Maribyrnong with his inferior chances and his (supposed to be) inferior pedigree, has de cidedly not come off wont in the competition. Laertes, Clifton, Hamlet, Cap-a-pie, Horatio, Eva, Richmond, Hawkesbury, Imperial, Diver, and Woodlands, are aa good as Neredah, Queen's Head, Dagworth, Reprieve, Chester, Habena, Bingwood, Stanhope, Sterling, Valentia, Wrangler, Black Eagle, and Dilemma. Whether you take the heavy artillery or the lighter guns in these competitive lists; whether you take the three milers or the one- milers ; whether you go for handicap or weight-for-age, it is all the same, and it is difficult for anyone to nay where the superiority, if any, of the Sir Hercules-Cassandra cross is apparent, when compared with that to which we owe the existence of Maribyrnong. In the case where both sires were put to the same mare, Alpaca, few will deny that Woodlands, for instance, comes out superior to Ringwood. Few and small were the entrances for the three mile Randwick Plate. Selector still were the starters, and a " field " of three (!) greeted the optics of the lovers of sport on the final day. Is it that we have no three-mil-n left of the old stock, or coming forward of the new 1 Or is it that "we" decline to show our cards for "a matter of" a couple of hundred pounds, when we may, by keeping dark, land £1500 and sweeps, and oh ! more delicious by far, the " Ring" money on next New Year's day. Who'd be bothered knocking his hone's legs to pieces for £200, when he could knock them in pieces to a much merrier tune ? Another son of my old favorite Blinkhoolie won a race at Ascot: the five-year-old Chypre, from a maro called Ess. Bouqust, carried 7 st. 3 lbs., and won the Ascot Stakes, two miles, in 8.31. This is a good prize, being 500 sovereigns, with a sweep of 25, and Bixty subscribers. The handsome group of silver stags, worth £300, and called the Royal Hunt Cup, at Ascot, a handicap of a mile, wai won by a son of See-Saw, from Honeymoon, and called Cradle ; a son of Saccharometer being second, and one of Toxo pholite being third, Whitebait, Hopbloom, and the Ghost being in the ruok. Qlen Arthur, the outsider who ran second for the Derby, and never did anything before that time, will be remembered by many as the year ling who fetched 1800 guineas, which Joe Dawson gave for him at the Sheffield-lane sale, and who bids fair now to justify the figure paid for him. He won the Prince of Wales Stakes at Ascot, value £8175. Hudson, the English jockey who rode the outsider St. Christophe, winner of the Grand Prix de Paris, cleared £10,000 by his performance—a good day's work for a Sunday! and a " Sunday out" in more Benseß than one. The time was 5.24, or two seconds faster than Etsber's win, and the value of the stakes £5803. The Tynesiders are great sportsmen, and retain undying memories of Underhand and Caller Ou; and, this year, Hampton, with Webb in the saddle, managed to catch Archer asleep on Glendale, and improved the shining hour by landing the Northumberland Plate from that favorite; the winner, Lord Clifden's son, carried Bat 12 lbs. They keep on gambling as usual in England, and whether the Cup be of Manchester, Liverpool, Ascot, or what not, this, that, or the other hone is Bure to have more or less of £ s. d. "invested," as they term it, on him or her, as the case may be. " Investment" had a different meaning a hundred years ago, in the days of Mrs. Hannah More and Mrs. Elizabeth Fry. And speaking of Liverpool, in the Cup of that ilk the public were greatly disappointed when Lord Wilton—whose racers have such suggestively feminine names as are derived from Sandal, Honeymoon, Ac— scratched, foolishly, bis filly Footstep for the Cup merely because of having been beaten by a good hone like Hesper, the victor of Low lander. The heavily weighted Petrarch thereupon became top favorite, and, the money being exhausted, he progressed from even money to slight odds on him, which he fully justified by running a great race against the (6 to 1) Snail, and a slight stumble just within a tenth of a "cooey" of the judge's post, upset the hundreds to five that were Bhouted on Petrarch as he catne up the straight, where, Snail having been allowed on sufferance to reach Petrarch's neck, the stumble allowed him to beat the Leger winner by a head. This for Liver pool, and as for Ascot, I mention it once more just to express my regret that Mr. Tait did not re-name Amendment " Ascot," in honor of the illustrious winners of the great prise there whose blood reappean in the Metropolitan hero's veins. Amendment, in rt Proposition, is all very well to assist one's memory confused and overbur dened by turf nomenclature : but old Ascot would have been only fairly honored by one of the best colts, and possibly the best colt, Austra lia has yet produced, being so named. Public interest at home was, when the mail left, concentrated on the question of who was to win the Goodwood Stakes, a handicap of two miles and a half. Rylstone, who did well at Ascot, was the favorite, while Hampton, with 9st Slbs., was also well supported. This long handicap race has been won several times under heavy weight, viz., by Luoetta, with Bst. 51bs., in 1832 ; by Glauous, with 9st. 81bs., in 1835 ; by Gomera, with 9st, in 1867 ; and by Paganini, with Bst lOlbs., in 1870. A sale of young blood stock took place at New market on the 2nd of July, the same being the property of Captain Ray (owner of Gladiateur), of Lord Rosslyn, and Mr. Cooper. As I think the sales of all youngsters who fetch over 1000 guineas are worth noting for future reference, I record the following :—Bay filly by Adventurer, from a Stockwell mare, 1350 guineas, to Mr. Humphreys ; a bay filly by Winslow, from For mosa, by Buccaneer, for 1550 guineas, to Major Barlow ; a bay colt by Cecrops out of Light, by Prime Minister, for 1850 guineas, to Mr. Black man ; bay filly by Scottish Chief from Virtue, by Stockwell, 1600 guineas, to Mr. Peck; a bay colt by Adventurer (sire of Glen Arthur), from Atonement by Oulston, for 2450 guineas, to Lord Hardwicke; St. Bruno, a bay colt, by Musket, from Monaca by Beadsman, went near the four figures, realising 920 guineas. The following hones in full training, and the property of Mr. A. Baltazzi, have been sold:—John Day, 4 years, by John Davis from Breakwater, for 2650 guineas, to Lord Marcus Beresford, and Cccruleus, 5 yean, by Beadsman from Baa Bleu (dam of Blue Gown), for 1050 guineas, to Mr. Fitzroy. Heavy betting goes on anent the Melbourne Derby and Cup, the changes being rung on First King, Chester, Amendment,and Woodlands, "till further orders." There is nothing better to my mind than the two Amendments, and but for the fact of Briseis and Briseis having come off last year, and its being too much of a coincidence to expect one horse to do the double trick the year following, I verily believe I should throw away a " tenner " on the grandson of Colsterdale. 