. Do Courcy onoo 2£oxe. "We, Freeman's Journal, J uly 7th, hasten to place boforo our roadors a few ox- tracts from tho lottor of a learned and vory ; cibservant '. Australian priest, whioh will no doubt, prove deeply "in- ) terostin'g to our roadors; ' ! ' ' " Rome, April lGth,' 1877; I fancy I am now able to form some idoa of Italy. To mo it looks an epi tome ; of tho. wholo world, . and fillod witli striking .and not soldom painful contrasts and contradictions. :Horo tho good and tho, holy aro oonstantly rough- ly elbowed, nud bitterly frowned upon by tho bad and tlio wickod ; tho -beau tiful in art and nature soom to blush at tho presence of its dooply and de plorably liidoouB contradictions. Amongst tlio pooplo tho proudest bear ing and most extravagant luxury mingle with poverty and filthinoss. A piety and a faith! almost approaching supor- stitiou soom assooiatod with tlio gruatost irrovorouco, or porliaps I should "t"J waut of rovoronco, for tho most Bticivd things. The combatants in the torriblo buttlo botwoou virtuo and vioo — bo- twoon justioo and spoliation — aro duly givitig to, aud reaoiviug from enoh othor groat wounds. Vico iH loud and ram pant, while virtuo is modost and retir ing ; tho good and tho holy pray and suitor, but tho criminal and hoartloss soroam and stamp liko domoniuca. It soouis as if tho days of Antichrist had oomo, upon this- liistorio laud, so bold is vioo, so unblushing is appalling in justice— imporsonatod by stiff-necked Jews qnd. the ruthless mouxbors of so- orot sooiotios. , Iu their hideous dons they concoct thoir iul'orual sohomes against justice, truth, order, and vested' rights ; and now so impotent is tho urnr of usurpod authority, thoy four not to publish thoir infamous intentions against justioe and God's Oliuroh. It is now ono vast military camp.: Tlio late onactmouts in roforonco to con scription exempt no nmn under forty! years and over oigliloon, who isj physically suited for warfaro ; aud ox-! pMircssly inuluclod " deacons, priosts, bis- i hops, and higher." Iloro you soo' priosts drillod with soldiors of tlio liuo, i roughly and sovovely used because thoy; nro priosts and thoir uiorciloss torturers' aro truo to tho brutal instincts of thoi atheistical membor of tho Carbonari and' othor accursod socts, moving liko ghosts! through a robbod and inBultod nation,' blnsphomy of tho drill masters, is a; a shocking echo agaiu and again of tho: domoniac's suroauis. And all tho fioroo; haters of tho Phavisoo for tho "niook: and huuiblo " Rodoomor ouco more energises tho Ilobrow of to-day and tho, Froomnsons of Italy, as you can liston< to tlio drill-sorgoauf Ono day, not long': ago, a priest on drill but poorly bug-' coodod iu tho uso of those weapons of out- throats, while ho was with groat! difficulty scrowing tho bayonot to his 1 gun, a wrotoliod officer scroamod out, "Put somo holy oil 011 it." i I lmvo boeu to Naples, whilo, Yio- ; tory Immauuel polloutod by his swinish presouco that lovoly laud. Ho attended tho gront racos, at which you would sco tho most splondid equipages and tho fiuost horses, in tho world, tho most gorgoous pugoantry that ovor passed hoforo my viow. Ah 1 but soo tho King nppronohes ; how cold is tho rocoption I10 gets from his slavos ; no loud huzza falls 011 his oars ; tho bloated voluptuary must bo contont - with tho oonstrninod shouts of his guilty parasites and his imbooilo minions. Hated aliko iu Nnplos and in Romo, lio is noaring fast tho hour, wheu a ory of joy ovor his downfall shall make tho oavth tromblo ! Tho aspirations of tho mussos aro Re publican or l'ftthor Communistic. Gari- .baldi, coward, sousuiilist, and froo- hootor, is thoir hero, tho idol of a de bauched and fallen race. On Easter Sunday tho marvellous basilica of St. Poter wns turned into a grand prouionndo, woro thousands of fashionably drosscd persons passed to and fro, seemingly indilforout to tlio roligious sorvicos going on in tho ad joining chapols, nil talking aloud as iu tho streets. Tho men. how over, 1' must say, took off thoir hats and did not smoko. Such scandals aro only per petrated by tho ashionable visitors lrom haughty Eugland and port America. Tho Holy Fatlior — tho ono groat and glorious object ou which the pilgrim's oyos can look with unqualified joy — though reported doad or dying so ofton is yot vigorous in mind and body, but owing to sciatica is moved about in a chair. Yosturduy the deep longing of my life was gratified. Isaw"thoPopo the grand old Popo." I wns one of more than ono thousand of various , nationalities and religious . opinions, iftho parsons wore not only numorous t remarkable in their loud and de clared sonsational doctrines. The groiit Pontiff is still not only vigorous, in mind, hut surprisiugly so in body. Eighty-five years old, lio walked from circle to circle, and addressed ouch in a cloar and strong voice, not forgettiiig to remind non-Oatholico — and now his voico changes into a sad solemn tone, whilo a sweet smile irradiates his an gelic faot — " to pray for light to arrive nt tho truth." How softly tho French language dropped from tho firm lips of " the old man.oloquont." As wo roturned overy one gave his or her opinion us to what I10 or she had seen aud hoard ; and without a dissen tient voice all exclaimed, Why that old Popo will live at lonst five' yoars more." While a fewfirmly added " Yes, and live to see his onomies ontombod and the immortal Church of God' freo to comfort and save the predestined of the Lord." 