THE UNITED STATES. [From our own Correspondent.] New York, July 9. It is a little more than a year since the town of St. John's, in the Province of Ontario, was destroyed by fire. St. John's, New Bronswick, has how had its torn. On the 20th June a fire broke oht in the latter place, and aided by a high wind soon swept away nearly the whole of that flourishing town Forty blocks of buildings, including eleven churches, seven hotels, and all the banks and public offices, were destroyed, to gether with much of the shipping at the wharfs. At least eight lives were lost, and men, women, and children were compelled to spend the night half naked in the open streets. In its beginning the fire was probably an accident, but while it was in progress incendiaries were discovered at work, and one man taken in the act of setting fire to a building would have been torn to pieces had not the Mayor gallantly driven back the crowd with his pistol and carried the man to gaol. The day after the fire thieves began to seize openly upon the properly that was piled up in the streets where it had been brought from the burning houses. Troops, however, speedily arrived from Halifax and preserved order, and provisions were sent from far and wide for the homeless sufferers. The loss is estimated to be fully $12,000,000, about $5,000,000 of which is covered by insurances. The day after the fire the inhabitants were absolutely suffering from want of food as well as clothing and shelter, but help was not slow in reaching them. Belief meetings were held in all the large cities of the Dominion and the United States, and., large amounts of money were subscribed. Fortunately the Insurance Companies here and in Canada which had risks at St. John's have been able to meet their losses, and thus one disastrous feature of the Chicago fire was not repeated. Five days later the town of Marblehead, in Massachusetts, was scourged by fire. It was one of the oldest towns in the State, and one of the chief homes of the ced-fishermen. Seventy houses, valued at half a 'million dollars, were consumed, and the owners, most of whom were persons of small means, have in many cases lost their all. It is believed that this, fire was started by an incendiary, but so far the evidence does not establish the charge. The wonder is not that towns built of wood and without efficient means for extinguishing fires occasionally burn up, but that any of them escape. Even New York, in which frame houses are very rare, is in constant danger of destruction. In the heart of the bosiness part of the city there are whole blocks of buildings used for the storage of highly inflammable oils. Should a fire start in this quarter on aday when a brisk southerly wind is blowing the whole city would vanish before it. Our facilities for starting and feeding a fire are far better than were those of Chicago, and some day we shall have a fire which will eclipse the best efforts of Chicago or Boston. In successfully sinking outgoing steamers we must yield precedence to our Canadian friends. The other day two large steamers—the Elphin stone and the Eedewater—came into collision just below Montreal, on the St. Lawrence, and both went to the bottom with surprising celerity. The officers of each vessel seemed much astonished at the abrupt disappearance of their ships, and though they were convinced that there was some mismanagement connected with the affair they cannot satisfactorily explain why the two steamers ran into each other. For tunately no lives were lost, but if the accident is often repeated somebody will probably be drowned. Ten of the murderous "Molly Magnires"— members of a secret Society among the Penn sylvanian miners, the object of which is to murder miners who are not trade unionists— were hanged on the 22nd ult. These men were guilty of cold- blooded assassination, and it was believed that their punishment wonld break the power of the " Molly Maguire" Society. This hope has not been justified, for within three days after the men were hanged three or four of the witnesses against them disappeared—or, in other words, were murdered. These miners are ignorant and vicious to au extent which seems incredible to men who have not lived in mining districts. So long as they are what they are, murder will continue to be the method of arguing in favour of higher wages. They need missionaries far more than do the less degraded heathen of India; but there is nothing pic turesque or attractive in them, and no mis sionaries have felt called to labour among them. It is currently believed that on the 12th of July Montreal is to witness an old-fashioned Orange riot. The Orangemen propose to parade, ana tne mayor nas announced tnat ne cannot protect them in case they are attacked. The Montreal Roman Catholics are not in good humour just at present. The other day a party of ex-Papal Zouaves from that city made a steam boat excursion up the Ottawa, and in course of the voyage pulled down the British flag and hoisted the Papal flag. The captain, therefore, hauled down the latter banner and a very lively fight followed, during which the Papal flag was flung overboard. On the 12th of July these valiant Zouaves can ease their indignation by j insulting the Orangemen. j Speaking of steamboats reminds me that a ! steambo.ttisnow in our harbour which is gravely described as a startling novelty. She is pro pelled by drawing in water at the bow and pumping it out at the stern. The very first steamboat ever built in America was propelled in the same way, but people seem to have totally forgotten the fact. The invention is even older than the Ramsay steamboat, and is one of those useless inventions which are brought out as novelties every 15 years. A real novelty and a very interesting one is the new silver fountain in Oregon. A spring which has constantly thrown up mud ever since Oregon was first explored now turns out to be an improved style of silver mine. The mud has been analyzed and found to yield §2,000 worth of silver per ton. Oregon may not flow with milk and honey to any great extent, but it may now be 6aid to literally flow with silver. I should not be surprised to hear of silver wells being bared and pumped in Oregon. There is no doubt that a flowing silver well would be much nicer than a petroleum well. The Indians, however, may have something to say as to silver- mining in Oregon. The Sioux have been beaten, so that most of them have submitted ; but the wild tribes in Oregon and the Far "West generally are on the point of open revolt. From present appearances we are to have a new and formidable Indian war, and we have not half enough troops to meet the emergency. Still more important is the growing possibility of a war with Mexico. As I men tioned last month, President Hayes has ordered the Federal officer in command on the border to pursue Mexican marauders and to capture them on Mexican soil if necessary. The Mexican Go vernment has in turn ordered its generals to repel force by force. These orders are certainly calculated to bring about a conflict on Mexican soil between American and Mexican troops. Of course this would be the beginning of a war. The Democratic Press insists that Hayes desires war in order to gain popularity and support. The man is doubtless capable of advocating the silver swindle fof political motives, but he is not the kind of man to deliberately bring about a war. The faults are those of a small country lawyer, hut he would shrink with horror from the bloody policy which his enemies affect to believe he meditates. If we have a war with Mexico it will, of course, be the result of his order concerning Mexican cattle thieves; but that order was not meant to lead to war. The State authorities of Louisiana have caused the indictment and arrest of the members of the notorious Returning Board for perjury in falsifying the returns of the Presi dential election. It was this falsification of the returns that gave the Presidency to Mr. Hayes. Few unprejudiced people have any shadow of doubt that the arrested men are guilty, and that they will be convicted and punished. "We shall then have the pleasing spectacle of a Pre sident owing his office to a crime the perpetra tors of which are in prison. This will be a startling political novelty. Had the French Courts tried De Moray, St. Arnaud, and Persigny for the crime of the coup d'etat, and had those men been found guilty and punished while Napoleon was quietly permitted to reap the fruits of their crime, the Emperor would have occupied a position very similar to that in which Mr. Hayes is about to be placed. The President has issued a proclamation for bidding all officers of the Civil Service to take any public part in politics. This is regarded by bis especial admirers as a substantial reform. "Within a week after the proclamation was issued the Secretary of War went from Washington to Iowa to induce the Iowa Republic Convention to pass a resolution approving Mr. Hayes's ad ministrative acts. This curious commentary on the Civil Service reform proclamation has not increased public confidence in tbe President's sincerity. Tbe Iowa Convention refnsed to pass the desired resolution, and as Iowa is one of the strongest Republican States in the Union it is more and more evident that the party is no longer friendly to the President of its creation. With these exceptions there is no political news worth mentioning. The silver question has not changed its aspect since my last letter. The Administration is universally understood to favour the remonetization of silver, and the Bill for that purpose will undoubtedly pass Congress early in the winter. Business is as dull as ever. The reduction of salaries and wages is now becoming gex-eral, and when these reduced salaries are paid, as they will be next winter, in silver dollars worth not more than seventy cents, people who live on salaries will be bat little better off than are the unfortunate holders of real estate, which has shrank within three years to one half -its former market value. The wheat crop of the "West is reported to be better than it has been for the last twenty years. I suppose this is a good thing, but I confess that 1 don't know why it should be so regarded. Last year the Western farmers had so much wheat that they used it for fuel in preference to carting it to market. Of course they have a right to burn their own wheat if they like that kind of fuel, but 1 fail to see how they thereby add to the prosperity of the country. One branch of business does, however, flourish, and that is the exportation of fresh beef pre served in ice to Europe. This enterprise was begun in 1875, and at the end of October in that year 36,000 lbs. of beef, valued at $2,800, had been exported. Daring the three months ending March 31, 1877, 14,233,915 lbs., valued at $1,266,972, were exported. This is certainly an enormous increase, and as 8,571,213 lbs. were exported in the month of April last, it is evident that hereafter thd business is going to assume colossal proportions. Perhaps, if all this meat had been kept at home, beef would have been cheaper with us than it is. The beef dealers would probably say that this is the view which Judas Iscariot would take of the matter were he here. Undoubtedly Iscariot was wrong iu regard to the best methods of using ointment, but it cannot be said of him that, like the New Tork butchers, he sold tough beef at 17 cents a ib. There is news which ought to cheer Dr. Kenealy and the Tichborne claimant. A prisoner in the California Penitentiary has made an affi davit that he was the second mate of the Osprey, and that his vessel picked up at sea a boat con taining a large dull young man, who spoke Eng lish with a foreign accent, and was called " Tich" by his two comrades in the boat. This story agrees with . that told by the Claimant, and will raise the hopes ot liis partisans. The California prisoner is represented to be a per fectly trustworthy man—as jailbirds noto riously are. If he tells the truth his story is of course worth attention; hut then it is just possible that he might tell a lie with the hope of being released and sent to Europe as a witness. It is noticeable that our yacht regattas this year have been total failures. Only two or three yachts were willing to race, and conse quently the Press is mourning the decay of yachting. There is no reason for supposing that yachting is on the decline. The truth simply is that our American yachts are so slightly built that a race strains them and necessitates weeks of subsequent costly repairs. Hence racing is so costly that yachtsmen are beginning to sea the folly of it. When we have a new fleet of well-built yachts the regattas will be once more worth seeing. Until then yachting will he con fined to pleasure excursions. Nobody of much consequence has died during the last month, nnless we regard Mr. Robert Dale Owen, of spiritualistic memory, as a per son of consequence. Mr. Owen was a nice old gentleman, who was terribly imposed upon by spiritual mediums, and who wrote a very silly book of ghost stories. He died on the 24th ult., at the age of 76. He wis once a Charg£ d'Affaires at Naples, and later iu life an inmate of a lunatic asylum. As a ghost he will un doubtedly be very popular among spiritualists, and will rap out immense quantities of ungram matical nonsense. 