"CLOUDS IN THE EAST." [By Valentine Baker. Published by Chatto and Windus. Piccadilly, 1875] At this critical juncture of the Russo-Turkish war, Colonel Valentine Baker's narrative of his Eastern tour in the year 1873 affords us much real information about the internal strength of Russia, and unveils with such masterly effect the designs and ambitious of this territorial autocrat, that every student of history should carefully peruse its pages, and weigh with patient judgment its assertions and arguments. Doubtless the writer has strongly preconceived ideas upon the aggressive greed of Russia, and has studiously kept before his mind, by the force of military instinct and habit, the remembrance of our Crimean campaign of 1854-1855, so that the fact of Russia's territorial aggrandisement assumes, to his judgment, the aspect of a Bona partian invasian upon Central Asia; yet, fairly allowing for every prejudice which can possibly influence a soldier's opinions, we have in Colonel Baker's testimony such irrefragable evidence of Russia's onward march of possessions march which is steadily, quietly, may we not say stealthily, creeping onward year by year towards our Indian possessions, that it were the veriest folly to ignore the danger which thus threatens the supremacy of England. This is manifest beyond controversy, if we compare the outline of Russia's frontier in 1863, when she came down to the Aral Sea and the River Chin, with that southward deepening line which now shows her extended boundary for 1874 and 1875. By 1874 she had thrown out her arms eastwards to Lake Zaisang and Hwwi Yuen, and southward she had come down to Bokhara and Kbokand, fortifying along the Sir Darra, and occupying Taskend and Samarcand. By 1875 she had crept onward to the boundary of the Oxus, and was down to the bottom of the Caspian at Chikishliar. And before 1879, if she is unchecked, she will be at Mew, possibly at Kelat, and thence down to Herat. Khiva, with the northern parts of Kokand and Bokhara, now forms the new Government of Russian Turkestan. How little was this anticipated 10 years ago 1 Russia's advancement since the Crimean war is amazing, her serfs emancipated, her army solidified, her water and land communication a hundredfold multiplied, this great Autocrat shows a power of growth, and an inherent strength, which must in years to come, develope into the matured strength of a Colossal Empire. At present her might is upset, she is like a huge young thing, whose thews and muscles are un- trained, whose force is undisciplined, whose power is un concentrated. Therefore it may be, that in the present struggle with Turkey her very immensity, and, because that immensity is uncontrolled, her unwieldiness may give no seeming strength, yet in time to come it must be, that her massive ness, well ordered and well directed, will prove a terrible and well nigh unconquerable might against her foes. At page 332 Colonel Baker thus writes : " From near Herat far into the deserts of Turkomania runs the river Moorghat, forming eventually the great oasis of Merv, only 140 miles from the banks of the Oxus. Thus as Herat was the key to India, so has Merv the key to Herat. For Merv with this communication nearly complete lies only 240 miles from Herat, while Herat is 540 miles from the frontier mountain passes of Hindostan. . .... Once at Merv, she (Russia) could evidently reach Herat long before an expedition starting from India could arrive there. Once at Herat and every Indian in Hindostan would believe that the rule of England in the East had set, and would act accordingly." The careful comparison of the British forces in India with the mighty army of Russia serves as a background to Colonel Baker's striking picture of storms ahead, and the background is so solid in workmanship, and so dark in the tints, that every outline of Colonel Baker's brush stands out with startling vividness, and reveals to was reality of form and substance, which no specious argument can explain away, and which no sophistry can disguise. The British troops holding the vast territory of India are but 60,000 strong, while Russian Cossacks alone reach 400,000, and the army proper reaches the (enormous number of 1,130,000. Gigantic as is this force, Colonel Baker views it as but a foretaste of what is to be, if Russia carries out her present system. In nineteen years it is calculated that 3,000,000 trained men (exclusive of the Cossacks) will testify to Russia's boundless resources, and to her enormous appetite for power. This special fact of Russia's progressive policy, with the full details of the military organisation, is admirably revealed by Colonel Baker in his strategical report, and there are many incidental references, gathered up in his conversations with the fine Khoord Chief, Alayar Khan. We shall make our most extensive extracts from this portion of the book, so as to illustrate with exactness and ampli- tude the danger which Russia's mighty "land hunger" threatens to our Afghanistan frontier. From having no railway communication Russia has now a strategical system extending into Persia strategical we may fitly say since she has constructed her southward railways with minutest care, and has been so exact in her designs as to have a uniformity of gauge throughout her lines, and yet has secured a different gauge from that of the countries adjacent to her, so as to render their rolling stock practically useless, if directed against her in time of war. Of the Turkomans, who are divided into three distinct tribes, and whose territory is between Afghanistan and Russia, Colonel Baker writes fully. The Takes, the most warlike and powerful, inhabit the north base of the mountains from Kizil to Tejcna and Merv, and along the banks of the Moorghab. The Turkoman tribes have no laws but those of custom, and are formed of small republics without a constituted head. They are of nomadic habits, and live in felt tents. The Times alone have a Government, under a chief, Kourachid Khan, whose character for bravery and worth Colonel Baker evidently admires. Merv is the Seat of Government. He speaks of the Turkomans as the beau ideal of wild, irregular horsemen, and says further, should they ever come under European officers (a result' easily attainable), these 120,000 magnificent horse- men, guarding as they do that great sea of desert which extending from the Caspian to Balk, now isolated Russia from Herat and India, would form a splendid frontier force." Of the Cossacks we have a graphic description at page 31. After describing minutely the Stanzas or Cossack villages thus : " It is the custom of the Russians to establish these Cossack military settlements right along their frontier, and that which we were now about to visit was formed during the old, Circassian war. They are built upon a regular system, and are surrounded by a wall with flanking towers. The village was a regular military camp, and all were soldiers, the children i in due time succeeding to the duties of their fathers. in the long wars which raged between Russia and Circassia, these villages formed the frontier forts ; captured Circassian girls became the wishes of the Cossacks, and a handsome and bold race grew up by degrees." He goes on to show their use to Russia a army The population of these. villages has of late years increased and multiplied, and from the information we gathered I should imagine that the number of able-bodied men inhabiting all the stanzas of the Caucasus cannot be much less than 60,000. The total number of Cossacks and irregu- lars available on the whole Russian frontier must amount to close upon half a million of men. Russian officers, whose statements can be relied upon, have assured me that, in case of a great war, Russia could put a force of nearly 400,000 cavalry into the field and they assert that the effect of such a force, swarming both on the flanks and rear of a hostile army, has not been considered in modern tactics and strategy." Colonel Baker wisely builds his main arguments upon the known peculiarities of the Asiatics. For over ample, he points out the extraordinary influence of " prestige, also the charm that " an active policy " has upon the minds of warlike tribes, when he debates the question of England's danger. And as he speaks of the Turkoman difficulty, he shows us plainly the truth concerning Persia by a few powerful words. He affords us a keen insight into the poverty and decay of this once magnificent monarchy and as we read his words we are fairly saddened by the ghost of memories, and by the reflection that this broken-down power is indeed the land of Cyrus. "How are the mighty fallen " The stability of the laws of the Modes and Persians, which were as steadfast, as durable, as immovable as the mountains, is now represented by a shifting, unstable policy ; the grand principle of truth, which was one of their cardinal points of education, now merged into a system of gratuitous lying ; the national maximum of avoidance of debt now represented by a national bankruptcy. " A grossly corrupt system of Government, a bankrupt treasury, no fleet, and an army which for any practical purpose is useless," give us Colonel Baker's opinion, and convey an idea of internal and progressive decay which no outward circumstances of remedial skill eau arrest. Before the last century, Persia included both Afghanistan and Beloochistan, now independent states ; also belonging to her were Georgia and Armenia, now surrendered to Russia. The State and wealth of the Shah is the ruin of his subjects, and in every flash of his diamonds and costly jewels may be seen reflected the famine and degradation of his people, as it may be said for his effeminate luxury the nation is impoverished and enfeebled. Says Colonel Baker, " Persia has fallen through mis-government and corruption to almost the lowest point which a once great nation can reach without dissolution." We have found some difficulty in choosing our extracts from this volume, for there is so much to be los mt from the writer's carefully compiled statistical information, and, again, so much to be gathered up from his descriptions of the people and their customs, that it has cost us some thought what to quote and what to leave unquoted, and in many cases we have felt wholly dissatisfied to give more passages when we could gladly have extracted whole chapters. For example, the visit to Alayar Khan, which is so attractively written that we would give it in extenso, but want of space is always the bite noir of the reviewer, and hence we can only give some of the more marked conversations between this chief and the colonel, while the mass of other information can only be given in outline for the aforesaid bete noir com- paid me, most unwillingly, to curtail much of interesting adventure and pictorial description scattered throughout the volume, but most strongly and effectively grouped in chapters xix. and xx. At page 238 we have the first conversation upon the policy of England, thus s-' He then began a long political conversation, as usual, relative to England and Russia and some of his remarks were most shrewd. '"We hear, observed he, that England is no longer the Power she used to be that you have got great riches, and think of nothing else ; but that you never fight now. "If we do not fight, I explained, 'it is not from loss of power ; but we have conquered sufficient territory, and instead of trying to conquer more, we are endeavouring, by means of railways, roads, and general improvements, to make the most of the great Empire ruled over by Her Majesty.' " But if you are so strong,' he rejoined, and if you can still fight, why did you, the other day, pay tribute to America? Then Colonel Baker endeavoured to explain the Alabama difficulty, and ended by saying that " we lived on an island, and were so strong at sea that we had nothing to fear from anyone." "But India is not an island," he remarked. "Do you intend to five that up to the Russians without fighting? perhaps the Russians will not take tribute." " The Russians are a long way off,' I interposed, 'and, as you know, there are great steppes between, difficult to march over.' " ' Yes,' was the reply ; _' ten years ago the Russians were a long way off this place, but where are they now? They are at Samarcand; they have taken Kholava. Then we heard that England had told them they must not take Khiva, but they took it. Now they are on the Oxus. They have been to Kizil Ary at, at the foot of the Za Berg mountains, and have burned it soon they will come to Merv ; two or three years after that they will be at Herat. Do you think all the people you have conquered in Hindostan will be as quiet as they are now when Russia is at Herat ? And how can you prevent her?" he asked. Your fleet cannot come to Herat ; of what use will it be to you when you have to fight with Russia for India?' " I told him of the immense population of the British Empire, and of our great wealth, which would have its effect if a struggle ever came. " ' But you have no army,' he replied at least, so we hear. It is said that-where you have one' man Russia has six. How can one man stand six? And if you have great riches and plenty of men, why have you no army ? '' I found we were getting on to difficult ground, and endeavoured to use the views of the extreme British school of optimists ; but although they may pacify John Bull, the Khoora chief knew too much of the East to be misled by cloudy phrases, and I , had to divert the conversation to other topics. [ Then Colonel Baker is shown the powder manufactured by this chief, and is told all the defects i in the drill and organisation of his soldiers. Here, as with the Turkomans, there it an ardent desire to secure Russian or English officers. Said Alayar Khan. " I have my several captains, who each command 100 men ; but these bodies do not move with any sort of order, as you observe. They never will do so unless they have English or Russian officers to teach them." Said Imra Khan and Nias Bakadar, the two Turkoman chiefs, who besought the Colonel for a message from England, page 287 : " We want to be under England that is the great wish of the Takes. We do not want to be under Russia." "But Hindostan is a long way from here," I said. Affghanistan intervenes. How could you then be under England ? " To this they replied that " Shere Ali was really a vassal of England. He must do as she likes. We want to be in the same position, and we would do whatever England wished to defend the frontier." "But you would not like being under Shere Ali ? " was my next interrogation, to which they answered, ' ' We should not mind, but we do not want to be under Persia or Russia." I was obliged to say that we had no message to deliver to them, although they earnestly implored me to write a few lines to the effect that England would not desert them, which they might take to Kourschid Khan at Merv. This Koursohid Khan is the Turkoman chief at Merv, who fortified Merv when the Russians went to Khiva, and so it seems to be a Turkoman's dread to be overpowered by Russia. To understand fully this fear of Russian might, we must keep before our memory the map, and then we shall see that the strip of country called Turkestan is, as it were, the "buffer" between the Russian frontier and the English frontier and that every encroachment upon the Turcomans is an aggressive step towards Affghanistan and that as the Turkoman"s experience tells him that Russia seeks the possession of Herat, he knows that such can only be gained by the usurpation of Turkestan. Colonel Baker's position as an Englishman was not free from difficulties and vexatious. It was not pleasant for him when Alayar Khan gravely questioned the martial prowess of England's you can still fighting yet was it a bed of roses when the Turkoman chiefs besought him to help them, or, again, at page 159, when the Shah's soldiers, marching with the traveller as an escort, pleaded that they might remain with him. " Why not take us with you ?" they said " we have had no pay for six months ; give us a little pay and we will follow you anywhere." "But I am going a long way," I answered; "I may go into Afghanistan, or into the Turkoman's country-who knows ? You are the Shah's troops, and belong to Boston, nor could you come with I me. " "We don't care in the least for the Shah," they returned, only give us some pay, and we will follow you wherever you chose to lead us, and we will fight for you as hard as you like." Colonel Baker says some of these men were splendid fellows, if only disciplined and drilled, and he seems to be most decided in his opinion that any one with command of money could raise a fine force of irregulars in Central Asia. " Only pay them, and they will follow you, fight for you, and ask no question." Nor yet was the necessity of gifts altogether free from disadvantages, for as the writer tells us, every one expected presents, as those who hitherto have gone out to Central, Asia have gone as delegates, and hence these Englishmen were forced to do the same, although the necessity fairly crippled them for firearms. There is something almost pathetic in Colonel Baker's lament over the compulsory gift of his " express " rifle. " I was very loth to part with my express, as we had still a long journey before us, and it was my pet rifle ; but Alayar Khan was so truly civil and anxious to do his best for us in every way, that I felt it must be done." But we must quote one other passage as a further proof of Alayar Khan's intense conviction of England's supineness and Russia's aggressive desire, It is a conversation when out with the chief upon a boar hunt page 257: " He immediately reverted to the old topic England and Russia. It is of no use talking of Persia, Afghanistan, and Bokhara he proceeded. There are only two real powers in Asia England and Russia and in course of time all the others will become vassals of one or the other. You talk to me of Afghanistan as an independent state. You will covered the people of Central Asia to believe it. We know full well that Shere Ali must be more or less the vassal of England or Russia. Do you suppose we are so ignorant of the value of Herat ? Whatever you may say or think, there is not a bazaar in Hindostan that would not believe that your rule had departed if that city fell into Russian hands. You have told me of your wealth, and that you have a population nearly three times as great as Russia, but most of these people must be in Hindostan and suppose they turned against you, as they undoubtedly would if Russia were at Herat. No ! I believe in your riches,. but not in your men. You acknowledge that Russia has a much larger army. While she is far away from you, that does not matter; but she is coming nearer and nearer so fast, indeed, that it will soon be a question of life or death to India. Your safety consists in keeping her a long way off. Instead of that, however, you are letting her advance at a prodigious rate and in a few years you will pay the penalty ; but, then it will be too late. See how far she has advanced in the last ten years I Ten years more will bring her to your frontier ; and do you believe that your people will remain quiet in Hindostan when she is there No ! You will have constant intrigues and constant wars, I believe you govern very well every one says a; much better than the Russians and you try to do real good to the people you have conquered. But you have conquered them, and they will wish for change. They may repent it afterwards, but that will not prevent them turning against you at the time." I spoke of Afghanistan as a barrier that might prevent any near approach. He laughed at the idea, " Do you believe that the Afghans could stand one moment against the Russians?" he asked, "Why, ten thousand Russians could march from Kizil Ary at to Candahar. No ! we have no chance against them now ; things have changed, we cannot fight against your new guns, and we have no training. English troops might stop the Russians, but not Afghans." "Besides," he continued, "do you suppose all the Afghans would be with you ? They will do anything for money. You would pay them and so would Russia. Half, therefore, would be for you, and half for her. But that is not of much importance, they could not stand against either one or the other. But he was emphatic hero-" how do you expect to prevent Russia from taking Herat, when once she is at Merv ? Are you going to send English troops to Herat ?" " There is no present idea of anything of the kind," I said, "and Russia is not yet at Merv." " But she will be, and that soon," he urged, " if you do not prevent her. You talk of an Afghan frontier ; but where is that frontier? Sometimes it is here, sometimes it is there it depends upon who rules at Herat or Caubul. The Moorghab river runs from Afghanistan to Merv. You know well that in this country, where there is water, troops can move. The banks of the Moorghab are fertile. How near to Herat along this river do you intend to let Russia advance and settle 1" ' Utterly non-plussed, I took refuge in Mr. Grant Duff's theory-that it would be a long time before all this happened, " Yet," he responded, but it will happen and you will have to fight when it is too late, whereas, if you would act now, it would never happen." It would be impossible in a review to extract all the incidental passages which knit this theory into a solid and compact argument, and even if space permitted us to do so we should even then fail to mete out justice to Colonel Baker's narration, for, besides his political and strategical theories and facts, the book abounds with charming sketches of hunting, fishing, and adventure, and every here and there we have a description of scenery-a graphic account of Turkoman independence, or Cossack camp-a delicate pourtrayal of some beauty of nature, which makes us envy the writer his sojourn in the for East. Then, again, his chapters upon the Turkoman horses is brimful of useful information,, while his own intense interest in the subject, his evident love and admiration for the horses almost compel his reader to be jealous of his eyesight. What can be more striking than this at page 214 -" Now, what is the Turkoman horse ? It is probable that the race dates back originally, like our own thoroughbred to the Arab In appearance they more nearly resemble the English thoroughbred or racehorse than any other type, and average about the same height, perhaps, if anything) standing a little higher. There can be no doubt that the pasturage of the Turkoman steppes is peculiarly favourable to the development of the horse. In the spring their animals are generally, fed on green food, but afterwards on barley, chopped straw, and clover bay. They are most carefully clothed, but stand in the open air. The care that the Turkoman takes in clothing his horse, when not in work, is most singular. They have thick felt coverings made, both as hoods and caps, completely enveloping the whole body Just as the squire in olden days followed on a humbler animal bearing his knight's helmet, so a high-class Turko- man is nearly always followed by a yahoo or pony, carrying his heavy clothing. Every horse is carefully tested, and his quality is exactly known by the tribe and a horse of extreme merit is most closely guarded, and never sold except for a very large sum. They are raced over long distances extending to as much as 40 or 50 miles, but they also have shorter races of five or six miles to test speed. . . . Good, hardy, useful animals, averaging about 152 in height, can be purchased for from £15 to £20, whereas a very high-class horse will sometimes fetch between £400 and £500, or even more. It is melancholy for any one who knows how our Indian cavalry are mounted to think that within easy reach there lies this splendid field for the purchase of the finest animals in the world, but which we persistently refuse to develop ; it would interfere with the Indian stud and their vested rights, which produce very bad animals at a ruinous coat." It is in this chapter that the most interesting detail is given of the whole training of the Turkoman horse, of the exercise, the food, the management details so pleasantly related that one lingers over the pages with so much sympathy as to grudge the space given to the historical sequence. Then again, at page 156 "I was anxious to learn at what pace these extraordinary journeys were performed." In the event of danger, " he said they come along at a steady gallop, and he did not consider a horse worth having that will not gallop 40 or 50 miles without stopping. ... At Shahrood a man showed me a bad leggy specimen of a Turkoman, which many people assurred me he had ridden from Meshed to Teheran, 550 miles, in four days on more than one occasion. I own' that at first I received these extraordinary stories of endurance with suspicion ; but, from instances of the powers of these animals that have come under my own notice, I do not now discredit them." ColonelBakorevhleutly feels very strongly upon the question of the Indian stud, when such magnificent horses are to be got in Turkestan. His own little grey "Imamn," has carried him splendidly. So he seeks for information as to the coat and number of such horses from the Turkoman chiefs, Imra Khan and Niaz Bahadur. "I asked them how many horses they could supply of the class of my little grey, Imaum, only rather larger, and at an average of £20. They would undertake, they said, to deliver 1,000 in ten days, or 15,000 in three months." All through his book he recurs again and again to the utter folly of the Indian stud. Then he has been quite restless until he buys " Merv," a Turkoman stallion of fine reputation and much beauty, with which he hopes to improve the English race by virtue of the fibre of endurance imparted. And again we have him speaking of the horse given to him as a parting present by Alayan Khan. As is the way with these hardy desert horses, their sinew somewhat detracts from their seeming beauty; and, so judging, the Colonel thought that the Khoord chief's gift was of small value. His ideas receive a shock one day, thus " I noted that every one looked very hard at the ugly animal that Alayan Khan had presented to me at Dereguez, and asked if they knew him ?" " We know him well," was the reply. "We have faster horses, but for a gallop of 50 miles there are very few that can beat him he is a celebrated Boojnoord horse, and belonged to the Governor's son Then the kind old chief had given me one of his best horses." Perhaps our of the prettiest sketches of Persia is that given at page 102. The travellers had marched to the Lar river, first through a fertile valley, and then by a pass 10,000 feet in height. Along the river for 10 miles they trudge, until they reached the camping ground. How beautiful it is 1 how bountifully stocked with trout the river Lar ; how exquisite the sunsets ; how grand in majesty the great Demavend Mountain, we can well realise from these terse sentences. " What a lovely river for fishing it was. Sometimes so deep, and rapid, and narrow, that you could throw a fly across it, at other places so broad that you could barely reach the middle, It was just perfection in every way, running through a broad rocky valley with bare grim peaks on either side, while straight in front, with broad pyramidal base and snowy top rose Demavend, the great mountain of Persia, 20,000 feet in height ; add to this a magnificent climate, perfectly cool in the great heats of summer, and you have a fisherman's paradise. The temptation was too strong to be resisted, and after selecting a good spot for the tents on a grassy green plateau, I put up my soil and rushed down to the river." What luck our traveller had would delight the heart of any angler, as he tells of the " 56 as pretty little fish as one could see, and again, at page 03, " until you have tasted trout fresh from the streams of the Persian mountains, you do not know the fish. Talk of Loch Leven ! Ita trout are not to be named in the same breath with those of ShirUtnnik and the car. Then again at page 106, where he describes the " deep dark pool, where he found more fish than he could have believed it possible to catch at one spot. A passing notice of one day's sunset by the Lar gives us an insight into nature's treasure house : " The sun just setting in the west, and throwing brilliant hues over the cold, ruffled peaks the lonely river winding about and dashing over the rocks, with the white tents suddenly appearing on their picturesque site-as we walk home formed a scene never to be forgotten." It is quite impossible for us to describe fully or adequately the several picturesque incidents of Colonel Baker's journey, nor can we narrate fairly his impressions of all the people, or countries, or sports, or adventures-impressions which make this volume of travels exceedingly worthy of careful reading, In point of style and vigor we prefer the Colonel's writing to that of his brother, Sir Samuel Baker. It is more forcible, more masterful, and more expressive. As a sportsman he is eager and determined, and his accounts of sport are full of enthusiasm. At page 252 in a capital scene of boar hunting, and earlier in the book, page 3!), we are told of mutton stalking. We whip we could extract the whole four pages which tell of the latter sport, for they flow with excitement, but we simply suggest their worth to our readers, and commend the passage to their notice. Then, we come across telling sentences scattered here and there, which give us national characteristics and peculiarities, social customs and usages, and ever and anon, we light upon historical narratives, and our memory is refreshed by a reference to tradition, or awakened by an allusion to olden warriors, whose doughty deed h we had well nigh forgotten, such as the words at page 205, when the ruins of the old palace bring of remembrance the hero Nadir Shah : " With what interest one looks at any remains connected With this great man, who, at a time when the fortunes of Persia appeared utterly desperate, by dint of sheer genius and determination of will, and within a few short years cleansed his country of foreign enemies, conquered Afghanistan, forced that barrier of mountains which now guards our Indian frontier, and which we are he went to consider impregnable; and with only 80,000 mon crushed those monarchies which it took us a century to subjugate, and finally marching through the heart of Hindustan, conquered Delhi!" At page 16!) is a capital account of the mountain of Minerals, wherein are over 100 miles, from which are extracted the turquoises for which Persia is celebrated. The water throughout this Persian land is execrable, so turbid that it is described as " not to be seen through a tumbler." The story-telling and recitation of poetry seems to be as potent and as frequent as in days of yore, and the love of romance is almost insatiable and Colonel Baker speaks of this taste as a marked characteristic of the Persian people. The fortress of Kelat brings out all the soldier's sagacity and instincts; he pronounces it as deserving to be reckoned one of the wonders of the world. " It is a gigantic fortress, formed by nature, only slightly aided by man. The walls are mountains of from 800 to 1,200 feet high, and with a sheer perpendicular scarp between 300 and 600 feet." ..." Here was a wall fashioned by no human hands, which all the artillery of Europe might batter at for a century, and never make a visible impression." It is grievous to us that we cannot give the whole description of this splendid natural fortress, for the writer has done such justice to the subject, that it seems to stand out vividly before us, and he has invested the whole surroundings with a grandeur of idea, which recalls to as much of the past mightiness of ancient Portia. Our extracts have chiefly been made from the solid matter of the book, because, as we judge, Colonel Baker's opinions upon the strategy, equip- mental, and political and warlike status of these eastern lands, are of much more practical importance ; therefore, we have hardly touched upon the personal narrative, or the small details of the town, which show us the, feelings and thoughts of the traveller. But we could give pages of pleasant critique, if we thought our readers would not get the book and read for themselves We judge otherwise, and so, judging we shall not anticipate their impressions, or detract from the charm of novelty by- giving piecemeal the many choice descriptions to be found, in " Clouds in the East." . 2 How much we have lost by Colonel Baker's inability to reach Merv and Herat we well know and as we read of his repeated efforts to achieve his object we can thoroughly sympathise with his language "This was heart-breaking, after coming all this distance at a considerable lisle and expense to find one's self thwarted, not by difficulties proper to the occasion, but from want of support from one's own Government seemed too hard. The desire to go to Merv was so intense, that after consultation with Alayar Khan he writes to the Test chief, Kourschid Khan, for permission to come on to his stronghold and while he is awaiting the reply he sedulously gathers up every particle of information from the good old Khoord chief concerning the manners, customs, ideas, feelings, and anticipations of the people among whom he sojourns. He is again frustrated, for'Kourschid Khan sends back that he " cannot be responsible for their safety if they come on to Merv." And so, most bitterly disappointed, Colonel Baker is now positively forced to relinquish his darling scheme. Still, although he is beaten back, his heart seems to be unconquered, for he then sets himself to work to learn all he can about Merv and Herat, both as regards their consequence as outposts to Afghanistan and their own individual worth, How carefully he inquired, and questioned, and examined, we know by the concise and valuable information which he has amassed. Of Merv's natural worth he has much to say. An oasis 90 miles in circumference, fertilised throughout its length by the river Moor fish which comes from the mountains north of Herat, Merv is extraordinarily blessed in the soil, which yields no less than three crops in a year, and in its palmy days maintained a population of upwards of a million." Of fine climate, and with the remains of immense water courses probably constructed when great cities flourished here Merv would richly repay the expenditure of capital and would return a hundredfold of actual worth for outlay, if her people were only secure in their homes, and safe from the wearing dread of Russian aggression. The desire for England's protection is intense. Persia is inert and powerless, and an hereditary hatred separates the two people. It is the hatred born of contempt for Persia-Russia dreaded and hated with a hatred born of fear. Between the two the Takes are kept in perpetual strife, and every man is wanted for the needs of war. Thus is it any wonder that even nature's prodigious prodigality is barely sufficient for the Turkoman"s needs? On the homeward route after leaving Stavropol the travellers experience a snowstorm on the Steppes, and as even the Colonel's description of this is made subservient to his keen insight into Russia's designs, we give the extracts. "It was not until we got right into the Steppes that I fully realised the awful nature of the storm. The wind howled and blew a perfect hurricane, and the drifting snow was so thick that we could not see 20 yards in advance of the horses. . The cold was so intense that, notwithstanding all our wraps and skins, we were half frozen. It was impossible to expose the face to the storm, and we wrapped our heads completely in thick rugs ; yet, even then, our breath froze, and made the inside of the rug a mass of ice. . . . Towards the afternoon the sky cleared, and it was fine, but intensely cold. We halted for about an hour at a large military settlement, the main street of which was over three miles in length. Altogether, I was surprised to find these barren Steppes well-I might almost say thickly-populated by a fine and hardy race. What a fearful power Russia will become in the future 1 Already a railway runs right through the Steppes, and this is direct communication with Moscow and St. Petersburg up to Vladikavkaz. A railway is being made from there to Tiflis, and on to Erivar, and another from Tiflis to Baku." Thus we send our review of Colonel Baker's book. After this sentence, so full of his foreboding fear that Russia's might involves our Indian danger, we will say no more. The book is one of keen research, careful com- pilation and sober argument, and its exhaustive account of Russia renders it worthy of close study. 