[?] [?] A NEW NOVEL By the Authob op 'Labt Audlet's Sbobbt,'- . 'Taken at the Flood,' 'Dead Meh's Shobs,' ' Weaver? akd Wbvi,' &c.; Chapteb XVIII.—' Why did von Throw xodr Wedded Lady from you ?' The two girls at the Wator House lived tbeir solitary life all through tho dark week before Chrifitmn.«. They read a great deal ; Bella con tin ing herself to tho novels from tho Great Yafforil library, Beatrix reading, thoao books which she bolieved were to fifc.hetfor companionship with Cyril Calverhonso i.o tho tlaya to come. They did not find so much to say to each other ns friends of such, long stand ing ^ might havo beon expoctod to find. But Beatrix Was by nature reserved about tboso subjects nearest hor heart, and hor cloistoreJ lifo gave her fow other subjects to talk about. On the dusky winter afternoons thoy went up to tbo lumbor-room and had a feast of muBic at tho old piano; Bella singing prettily in a clear soprano voico — thin but not unmolodioii3— Beatrix playing church music with the touch of a playor in whom music was a natural expression of thought and feoling, and not a laboriously acquired art. Very rarely could Beatrix bo'porsuadod to Bing, but when sho did uplift hor frosh young voice, tho rich contralto tones wcro liko Iho sound of an organ, aud oven Bella's shallow soul w.ib moved by the simple- mclpdios of the Psalter of those days. ' As pants tUo lioart for ccolinw atroams, When heated in tbo chuW Or, ' With ono consent let all the earth To God their cheerful voices r*bso.M 'lias Mr. Culverhouso over hoard you aing?' inquired Bolla. 'Novor. Whoro shonld ho hear me ? I never nine anywhoro but in this room,' '. ? , . ' Aud in churcb.' , 'Yes, of courso, in church. But I do not think oron Cyril could distinguish my voico out of a vvholo cougrogation.' 'IIo might,' said Bella, 'all the roat sing through their uoaos.' For fino days thoro was tho garden, nnd for vanoty 1'uck ana tno pony carriage, miss Ilaretiold took hor friond for long drives across tho moor. Ouco thoy mot Cyril' in ono of tho lanes, nnd passed him with a distant recognition. Bolla saw Beatrix's chocks grow palo aa ho camo iu flight. 'How whitoyou turnod just now,' sho sftiil, whou Tuck had carriod thorn ovor so far away from the curato of HI tlo Yaffonl, 'Did I?' askod Baalrix. 'I dou't think' I can bo as palo as you. That, wa-j sympathy, I suppose You folt how hard it was for uio to pass him by.' ' Yes,' answorod Bolla, iuhor quiot littlo way, 'that was what I folt.' Bolla had been staying at tho Water House a wook, aud daring that titno bad soon Mr. Haro tioKl about half adoKon times, IIo was in tho habit of dining ? with hit) daughter and hut' ^ovornor.H ou Sunday a. It was not a pto«sant olmngo in hiu honnit-liko lifo, but ho made this Hiwriflco to paternal duty. Every Sunday ftt four o'clock ho sat down to dinner with his dtutgUtor ami Miau Soaloe* Now that Miaa Soaloa waa away ho eat down alone with tho two fiivUi, a«id lookod at thorn curiously, wlion ho found liimiioif fuoo to faco with thain at tho boaril, aa if they had bco« a now species in moology, which ho bad novor boforo had tho opportunity of H«rv\t»wtB\ng, Ho lookod from ono to tho other thoughtfully, whilo ho vmfoKlod Iuh nnpklut «w it uo woro not quito clear m to which was hiu daughter, and thon having nwlo up hta mind ou tho polut, addrcsaod htuuoll with a slight turn of tho ho.v\ to Beatrix. 'Your frioud hM owwu vory muoh,' ho ??Do you rwlly think io, Mr. Ilnrofiold,' inquired Bollft, -»UU fc' grfttiSoA Bluippr. It wiw spnethiog to. lo.Bpoken of, in any wiao, b'y thia^ modern Timon. ..... '?'...'? Mr. Harofiold went on holpiog tho eonp T?ith out a word. Ho hod quito forgotten hiaown re-, mark, and Lad not heard Bolla's. They got half way through tho dinner in absolnta silence. Then a tart and a padding appeared, 'and tho tart, being sot down r.isthor suddenly before Mr. Harcfiold, seomed to disturb him in tbo midqt of a waking dream. 'Havo yon heard from Mies Scales ?' he- asked bis danghtor abruptly. ' Yes, Papa. I havo bad two lettors. Her aunt is vory ill, Sho ia afraid she will die.' 'Sho hopes it, yon moan. Can you .sopposo snch a BonBibloporson aa Mica Scales would wish a tiresomo old woman's lifo prolonged when she will got a legacy by her dcatb.' 'Mies Scale? is a good woman, Papa. She ?would not bo so wicked as to vfi8h.for any one's death.' '..' ' Wonld shonot? I'm afraid there aro 'a great many good peoplo on this earth wishing as hard as they can in tho eamo lino. Expectant heirs, expectant heirosses— waiting to wrench purse and power from a dead man's gripe' After this pleasant speech tho master of tho houso relapsed ^ into silenco. The old butler moved quietly to and fro. There was a gentle jingle- of glass and silvor now and tboo, liko tbo ringing of distant sloigh bolls. The wood aihea fell softly from the wide old grafco. Tho elewk ticked in the hall outside. Time hobbled and baited liko a cripple. Bella began to think that even a homo . Sunday— with . Mr. Scratohell awearing at tho cooking and Mrs. Scratcholl in tears— was bettor than this. It was at least open misery, and tho otorm generally blew over as rapidly as' it arose, Ho'rc thoro was a sup pressed and Bullcn gloom, aa of a tempest always impending, and never combg. What a waste of wealth and luxury it seemed to sit in a lino old room liko this, surrounded by all good things, and to be obstinately .wretched. When dinner was over, and certain dried fruits and pale, half- ripened oranges bad boon cariied round by tho butlor's subordinate, tho butler himself following solemnly with decanters and claret jug, and nobody taking anything, the two girls rose, at a look from Beatrix and left Mr. Hareficld alone. ' Will you come up to my room and havo some tea Papa?1' Beatrix asked, «t the door. 'Not to-night, my* dear. I have a now number of tho Westminster to read. You and Miss Scratchell can amuse yoursalves. Gcodrnight,' ' Good- night, Pipa,' said Beatrix, and -she and Bella went away. . . It was a long evening, Bella did not -likc to Open a novel, and did not caro for Bishop Eon, whoso Practice of Divino Lovo formed tho last stage in Miss Harefield'e self- culture. Tho only piano iu the house was ever bo far away in the lumber-room — and tho laniber-room after dar^ was suggestive of ghosts and goblins, or at any rato of rats and mice Sunday evening at tho parish church was gayer than this, Bella thought, aa sho sat by tho lire stifling her frequent yawns, and watcbiDg Beatrix's thoughtful face bonding' ovor Bishop Ken. . ' ' Yes, sho is handsomer than I am,' re flected Bolla, with a pang of onvy. ' How can I wonder that ho likes her best. She is liko ono of those old priuta Mr. Dulcimer showed us .one evening— by Albert Duror, I think. Grave dark faccB of saints and Madonnas, Sho is like a poem or a picture made alive. And he ia ftillof romanco and poetry. No wonder he loves hor. It is not for tho sake of her fortune. Ho really does lovo hor.' And then came tho question which in Bella's mind w.os unanswerable. ' Why should she havo everything arid I so littlo »???-? Beatrix read on, absorbed in hor book. The clock ticked, the gray wood ashes dropped upon thohoattb, jostasthoy had done in tho diuing room. Outside tho deep casement windows' tho night winds were blowing, tho ragged tree-tops nwayingagainBt a cold gray sky. Bolla shivered as she sat by the firo. This was tho dreariest Sunday evoning sho had ovorsp?at. rrcsontly a shrill boll poalod loudly through tho bouso, a startling gouml amidst a eilouoo which scorned to havo lasted for nges, nay, to a normal condition of ouo'a existence. Balla giva a littlo jump, liko a norvous horso, aud sat up in hor chair, alert and oagor. 'Could it bo Cyril Culverhouao? No of courso not.' His imago fillod so largo a phao iu hor heart that ovou tho sudden ringing of a bell suggoatod . bis approach, till nxuou camo to check the vagaries of fancy. Tho same thought darted into Beatrix's mind. For a womau deeply iu lovo, earth holds ouly oie mau— hor lover. Wai it Cyril who earno 'Jo claim' her— to tramplo down, tho bavriar -bf patorual authority, nud to claim her by tho right of thoir mutual lovo) This idea, being at the first flash «f reasou utterly unUu&blo;, lasted no lougor with Beatrix than it had dono with BjlLv ' It milst bo Miss Sjalos,' etio said, goiug to tUo door. ' And yot I should not havo thought aho would travol on a Saiulay. Shoia so very par ticular about Sunday.' ' Misa Scaloa bolougod to a soot with whom Qod's day of rent woaus a day of pomuico -.\ day upon whicU maukiud hold* itself iu tin. nnologotto attitude towards its Maker, aa i( doprcc.vting Uio Diviuo wrath for its audacity iu having Ukou iho liborlyto bo born. ; The two girl) wont out into tho corridor, ftft|-l from tho corridor to thotsqu^ro opsu gallory iu thoiuiddlo6( tho homo, (roiu which tho bro\d Btaircaao dcscomlod. Horo, l«auioi{ upon loo ot\kon baUmtrailo, tkoy looked down ti\to tUo ball. It was empty whon thoy first looked ; a vdctitit expanse ol black aud whita m\tWo. Then tltro carno nuothor poftr of tho boll, an J tho butler, walkod slowly acroas to tho do,or, aud opoaod it just wldo enough to rocouuoilro tho viiUor. Hero thoro was a brlot parlay, too dritt of which tho «irU could not dUUn«ulab. Thoy ouly hoaulft niuriuurol unviouHuo voice*. ?? «' It oivn't bo MUsSoalo*,' vrbUpawtl Bo&irif.; ** Thoy would hairo brought in her portuiaulo*a ftud bog boforo thi»,M . i - Tho nnrloy coajiod all at, onco, tho butl«v throw open tho door, Ami a goutlomMi o»moin out of tho windy nluht bringing a blft«t of cotd air with him. . Ho took off bit I hat, and etood in the centre of the halJ, looking abotit him while the botler carried bis cud to Mr. Hareficld. Tho stranger was a mah 'of about fifty, tall and spare of figure, but with a certain nobility of bearing, as of one accustomed to command. The finely shaped head waa beau iif ally set upon too Bhouldera— the ehest was broad and deep. As he looked upwards the two girls drew back into the shadow, Btill watching biro. ?, It was a beautiful head— a grand Itiliao face, full of tranquillity and power, like a portrait by Moroni. Tho eyes were dark, the skin was a pale olive, tho hair ' a sable silvered.' A thrill wontthrongh Beatrix's heart as she looked at him. Yes, sho romembored, she knew. This was Antonio, this was the Italian with the pathetic voico who Bat in the twilight Hinging chureh. music that summer evening long ago. This was the man whose faca memory asaocialed with the face of hor dead -mother. . She had seen them looking at her together— in thoae days .of early childhood whose faint .memories are like a reminiscence of somo anterior state of being, a world known beforo earth. . The butler came back. ' My master will see you, Sir.' The atranger followed him oat of the hall. Beatrix and Bolla conld hear the footetepa travelling slowly along the passage to the library. ' Who can he bo J' exclaimed Mis3 Scratchell, full of curioaty. 'Perbap3 he ia a relation of your Papa's'' she added, speculate vely, Beatrix having .ignored hor first remark. Beatrix remained silent. She waa thinking of tho miniature in hor mother's room, the youthful likeness of the face sLe had seen to-night. Who was this man ?. Hor. mother's kinsman, perhaps? Bnt why had his presence brought sorrow and.ssveranoo between husband and wifo? Littlo as sho knew of the bard facts that made up the history of her mother's life, there waa.that in Beatrix's memory which told her this man bad been tho cause of evil. .. She roused herself with an effort, and went back to her room, followed by Bella, who bad -broken out into fre?h yawna on finding that the advent of the stranger promised no relief to the dulness of the evepiDg. :. . ' - ' Eight o'clock,' sho said, a? the old clock in the hall announced that fact, embellishing a plain truth with a littlo bnrst of old-fashioned melody. ' They aro coming oat of church by this time. I wonder whether Mr. Culvarhonse has preached ono of his awakening sermons ? I am sure we should be' 'tho hotter for a little awakening, -shouldn't wo Beatrix ? I really wish yon woald talk a little,- dear. You look as if you were walk ing in your sleep.' 'Do I ?' said -Beatrix. ' Here comes the tea-tray. iPerhaps a cap of tea maj enliven us.' ' Well, tho ttrn is company at any rate,1' as sented Bella, as the servant set down the oblong silvor tray, with its buff and gold Bristol cops and saucers, and.tho massive old urn, dimly sugges tive of sisterly affection in the person of Eleotra, or noedingonlya napkin neatly draped across it to recall the Bcnlptured monuments of a modern cemetory. . :. . . ' Now, realty,' pursued Bolla, while Beatrix was making tea, '- have you no idea who that foreign- looking gentleman is ?' ' ' ' Why should I trouble myself about him ? Ho cornea to see Papa— not me.' 'Yes, but one 'ean'f help being carious so long aa one is human. Bythotimc my imiuisitiveness is worn out I shall bo an angel. Your Papa has so fow visitors. . And' this one has soeha distin guished appearance. I foe] sure he ia some one of importance.' ' ?? ' ' Very likely.;* ' My dear Beatrix, this lons'y life of yours is making, you dreadfully stoical,' remonstrated Bolla. : ? / 'I should, be glad to become stoical. This stranger's visit canubt make any difference to me. It will not make my father Tore me any bettor— or feel more kindly disposed towards Cyril. It may make him a littlo wore?, perhaps. It may stir up old biUerncsg.' ' . ? ' Why V1 cried Balb, eagerly, her bright blue eyes becoming unbo&utoously; round iu her ex citement. ? . ' Don't talk to, mo about him any tuare, please Bolla. I do not know who Uo is— or, what ho ia— or wb.ou.co or why ho com^. Ho will go as he camo, no doubt, leaving no traca of his prcseaoo behind him.' But hero Baitrix was wrong. ( This was not to bo. Iu tho library tho two mau wew sUinding face to face* Meu who had not met for more than ton yoara, who. had pattod in angor t» docp for words. Christian Hareficld cootouipUted Uis xidtor calmly— or with that stony quietude which . is passion's best assumption of calm. 'Has tho end of the world coiuof ho asked, 'that you come to use,' ' You aro Burpmod that I ahouM coins ?' ro apondovl tho Italiau, iu very good KagUsh. «4 1 aui surpri30d at two things— your folly— attd your audacity.' ' I shall not puiso my own wisdom. I havo tloao a toallah thing, path&ps;, ia Mmius toKa gland on purpose to do you a s«rvico. But I deny tho audacity. : Tuct\j is no act in wy i«at lifo thU should forbid my ontrance to this, house.' ' Wo will »ot to-open old wouuds— ot ontot vipouau old atoryV'auswcred Christum Harofiold. ?* You aro a villain. Youactod Uko a villain. \ You aro a, coward. You acted liko a coward, in flying Crovu tho man jou had xvrouged, when ho pursued you ia his juat and righteous wrath.' 11 My evreer ot iho last tea yean boat answers your chargo oi cowardwo,' repliod tho othor. ' My name will bo romomborod in Italy with tho nvo days of MUau. I novor fled from you. I never know thai you puriuod me,' ' I spent half a yoat of my Ufoin hunting you. I would havo givon tho reuiu^utof anunproStublo lilolben, to luv$ mot you fa^ to fac», in yonr lawless country, m wo aro meeting to-night in this room. But 'now tho chanco comes too tato. 1 ' havo outlived ovon tho tUirat for ro veng^' ?? ' Agaiu 1 tollyou ih.\i I novor wrongod yow— .unless it was a wrong aswnat yon to eater tbi« thbtiao.!' ' It was— ami you know it. Yon, i»y wifo'a former hrex— the only man she .erer Jored— yoa ? 'f to creep into my hooee— ae the serpent creptjuto *: '. Eden— nnder the guise of friendsbip and good* - ; will— and poiwn my peaee fdr erer.' . ' J* 'It waa yoar own grsufldless |ealon«y that ' |' made the poieen. . From first to last .your, wife - & was the purest and noblest of womea.' , ° q ' From first to Iaet,' exclainieJ ChrisliiB Hare; . | field, with, exceeding briteraeBS. '' First, when ' § the introduced you, the lorer of ber joulh— to '''-; her husband's bonse— last when the fled from tlat i husband with yos for ber eompaabn. AssnrodJy ( the purest and noblest amoog tromea — jaJg^d by ', % your Italian elbics.' | . 'With vine,' cried the Italian, 'wiii me! -| Yocr wife fled wiUi me ! ' Yoa taj that— say )X in r good faitb.' . - | ', ' I say that which I know to be the truth. ' I Wben she left me that nigbt at the Inn on lie i mountain road abcveBorgo. Five, alter a quarrel , that ba-1 been jast a trifle more bitter tiuiO onr ' ? coetomary qaarrels— yoa were traiSagfoz hex . i with a carriage — a quarter of a mile from titeTan . ^-yoa were eeen there — she was sesa to enter ibe carriage with you. Tolerably direct evidence, I '- fancy. For my daughter's eak*— to save my own pride and honor— I gave oat tbat my wife Lad ? ! died suddenly at tbat kicely Ionin t&e;'Appenlaau Hor father was dead, bsi brother sank ia the golf of Parisian dissipation. There was no o&e; in terested in making inquiries as to tbe details of her death or burial. The firiian paeed bmjoss- ' tioned. For me it was a tralh. Sas died to ma in tbe hour she abandoned and dishonored me — and all trust in nsy fellow-men, all lost for nay race, died within me at the same time.' 'Yoa are. a man to be pitied,' said Antonio gravely. 'Yoa. bate borne tha harden of; an imaginary dishonor. You have ?arronagd 50m wife, yoa bave wronged mer-bat yon. have wronged yourself most of aii. . Did yon get no letter from the Convent of Santa Cwilia V ' 'What letter? No. I tad oo letter. I left the Inn at daybreak on the raomiDg after ay wife's gight — followed on the track of yonr csx riage1— traced yon as far aa Citta dr CssteBo— there lost you — caught the trail again at Pemgia, followed yon to Narai, and iters again miseed you.' ' And yon believed, th&l; jocx wife was my com panion in that jonrney V ' WLat else should I believe. It was U»a tmtb. I heard everyrheie that yon were te corapanied by a lady— a lady tooss dfficnption anffvrered (o my wife.' 'Possibly. A tavern-keeper's description ia somewhat vague. The lady was my sister, yshovi I was taking' from tiie coavent of th,e Sacred Heart at Urbiso, where she had been educated, . to meet hex betrothed in Seme, vhexe sae was U- ? be married. Year wife took refaga at the eoa vent of SanU Cediia on tie night she left yoa. - My sister and I went there with, fier— left her in tho charge cf tbe Reverend Moiher, who promised her an asjlom there as long as she chose to re main. Sbo was to write to joa immediately,' ex- plaining her conduct, and tdling jou that yoar violence bad compdled her to this. coarse, an«I that shocoald only return' to yoa nnder certain conditions. I beard the Rsverend Mother pro mise that a. messenger should ba despatched te the. inn with the letter as soon as it was day* . light.' . '.?'...?; V, I was on the read ai tie first streai. of dnrr*,w exclaimed Mr, Hartfield. ' I never had that let ter. , How do I know thai it is not all a He - How do I know thit von have not cwap here with a. deep-laid plot to cheat and cajole cue. I have lived all these years believing ray wife false, ac cursed, abominable, a woman whose very exis tence was a disgrace to me and to har ciild. And you come now with this fable about a Convent— a sudden £tgb.t from an intofer&ble; life — ay, it \ras bitter enough in tbase last days, I confess— « pure and spoUess lifo, cloistered^ aotnawn. She .,, ia l»ing jet, I snppcse— a professed nun— hiding that Cilm fica under the' shadow of a sablo. ' Sho died within a year of her entrance into tho Convent, died as she had .lived, a gneat, re ceiving protection and DO3intslity from the sister-hood, among them bnt not one of the.au Aa jour wife tho caurch could not hire received her. Tho nuns loved her for her gtnUeness, her piety and hex sorrow. I have come from her grave. Till xjilhin the last few months I bare beon a wanderer on Ihe face of my country— every thought of my braitj) every desire of my heart given to tho cause of Italian Independence, Only last week I found myself again a traveller on tbe rnoauUiu wad between Urbino and Pcrogia, ssxi master of my time. I went to visit the grave of her I had Uat seen a sorrowful fugitive from * husband whose very lore bad besn so mixed with bitterness tbat it had resulted in mntual'niKwry.. Tho fact tbat you bad never visited the Convent* or coniuMinicatcd if. any way with tho nuns dur ing all these years made me suspect some mis understanding— and in justice to hor 'whom .1 loved when life wa young and f ullof fair hopes-7 and whoso memory I love and bonot'now my bsdc is gray, I am here to tell you that your wife died, worthy of your regret, tbat it is you who h&vo-; need of pardon— not sbo.' *| Audi am to taka your wotd for this ?* 'No. I know too well your hatred and dis trust V- coma to jou without some confirmation of my story. At my request, knowing all the cir cumstances ot tbo case, th« R«verond Mother drew up a full account of your wife's reception at -' the Oonvont, her last Illness and bet death,' which exxne unexpectedly though aho bad long beenill. My chief purpose incoming to England was to give you this paper.' He laid a large seatad enWop« tipou tha table before Mr. Hart* field, ?« Htivwrg done this, my mission is ended. , I haveno «ior« to »y.' , Tbo Italian bowed gravely, and loft tbe room, ? Jtr. Hareficld mechanically ringing tbo boll for the : butler to show him,' out. , ' Tbo door closed upon tbe departing gu-ttt- and Christian Harefield stood looking straight before Mm with fixed ejos— looking into empty air, ani eooing—wbat ? , ,. A pate pained fa-#, white to tie lips, frainod in ebon hair, dark eyea gtzing at bim . with % strained agonised gaie.-— bands daspoi in» co^ vul&ion; of grief and angetv;! : ; , . ' ; Ho heard & voico ball cboked with «ob». ' Husband, you are too, cruol~-gronnift«3 MO* , ? cwwitions—viloat suspicions— 1 wUVsot, IcwmoV tear this'pwsacttfcioaaay'langerJt witt'leive you ; l»£j very night.* . % . ' Yes,' ho answered, ' your laver xa' wafting, or you* It was his carriage that passed us on tha cad — and you know it.' ' , ' I do,' aha exclaimed with flashing eves, f and I thank Gtod that 1 hare a friend -and do Sader so near.' * 'And the* she left him, to go to her own room Jsh» fended. He took her talk of flight as an' impty threat. She had threatened him in tits -feme way more than once in her passion. 'Thoir luarrel to-night hal been a little xaoro violent ihan usnal. That was all. His jealousy had. Men aroused by the sight of a fa?e he hated, tookingTout of a traTelling carriage that whirled b; them in a cloid o! white dost on the sunny mountain road. Ha had given free rein to his violence afterwards, when they were alonaat the fnn— and had spoken wcrds that no woman could i forgive or forgot. 'Hate that night he fonad her gone— and on in quiry discovered that a carrhga had been seen waiting not far from the Inn, and a lady, muffled tn a mantle, had been seen, to enter it He heard this some hoars after the event. He had no cine to assist him in discovering' the way the carriage iad'taken/bot he concluded that it had gone on b (Stta di CasteUa. Ha had no doubt as to the |£qb that ha had seen looking out of the window i filiwarjl that blinding clond of dost, as tholtelb jinked oaths ragged old fcaraess, and the driver lashed his jaded horses. T&eylater; door of the Water House shut with a prolonged reYeKberation, like the door of an empty ohsrch. Antonio xras gone. Christian Harefield sank down in his accustomed seat and sat staring at the fire, with hollow eyes, his arms hanging, loosely across the oaken arms of the chair, hisiong thin hands falling idly, his lips moving faintly \- sow and then, bat making no sound, as if re peating dombly some conversation of the past— tks ghosts of words longdead. '? * ? ? r 