f THE; NOVELIST. AN AUSTRALIAN SQUIRE ' (BY THE AOTHOE OP "THE SQUATTERS DREAM," ¿CO.] \- CHAPTER IV .-CONTINUED . [ ". / ''Í.Taé'í'old woman's temper's none of the best, Captain^' said Dick, stating the fact with philoso * phicál calmness, "but I'll'', warrant she's cleaned up ' as'mich as any two; and very bad it wanted it, * when Parson Steinwörth brought us over." Now that a nearer view was afforded ©f the ' demesne and* dwelling, it was evident that the place had been long abandoned, a prey to natural . decay and sordid neglect. The fences were rotten, gapped,, and fallen ; the orchard,though the aged trees were high out of the reach of browsing cattle, had been used as a convenient species of ' '''stock'paddock ; tho climbers, including a magnifi cent bignonia nad a westaria, the great laterals of which had erst clothed the verandah pillars with beauty and bloom, were brokon and twisted. In the . rear of'the buildings, all the broken bottles and bones-in the land seemed to be collected; while ' with windows broken, shutters hanging on a single hinge,' doors closing with difficulty or im possible to open; all things told of the penurious .saving,or'bf the despairing recklessness of ruined owners.' , .;' '.".' ? ' Still .in" despito of drawbacks and deficiencies ; the essentials of value'could not be overlooked. The-house,' though naked and desolate of aspect, ? was large and commodious, oromising in its mas sive stone wails a shield against the heat of sum mer, the cold of winter. The, deep black mould nèoded but ordinary culture to produce generously. The oflices might be mouldering, and valueless ; but the laud was there, thinly timbered, richly grassed, evidently adapted for sheep or cattle. And though the gaunt dead limbs of the girdled trees looked sadly unpicturesque between the front of the house and the shore of the Great Lake, the grass was all the more richly swarded; and. the Lake was a great indisputable'fact. It was deep, fresh, abounding in water-fowl," possibly .inifish-a priceless boon to dwellers ina hot and thirsty clime, wherein a lack of rivers and reser voirs is an unhappily distinguishing 'character istic. - Lot it not be supposed that Wilfred arid his motlier, the girls and Jeanie, wore outside of the house all this time. Very promptly had old Dick disembùrdëned his waggon of the household stores, pressing all, able-bodied persons, including his wife, ,into the service, .until the provisional com . missariat' ,was safely bestowed under shelter. His waggon was then promptly taken to the rear, his horses unharnessed, and he himself was in a mar vellously short space of time enjoying a well earned- pipe, »and advising Andrew to bestow Daisy's calf in a delapidated but still convertible calf pen; so that his mother might graze at ease and yet be' available for the family breakfast table in the] morning; . " There's fine grass here'now," he said in a tone of explanation to Andrew, " there's been a good lot .c ...r. ¿1..'._~:_, Ti.>~ ~ .... -_u" J " e.._ good cows to milk. It would be just play for you andi nie and the young master, in the morning. Teach him to catch hold like, and learn him the, usé of his hands;" ',',., "Him . milk ?" exclaimed Andrew, in' a tone of horrified contempt, "And yet, I dinna'say but : if it's the Lord's will the family should tía'beii brocht to,, this strange land, it may bei no that wrong that he should labour, like the! Apostle, 'working with hishaúns.* There's guid-warrant for't.", î,; v ; Meanwhile, inside the house, great arranger .meAt9;i'andjt'cóntóvaBt.és were proceeding. The sittiùg-room,alargebàïeapartmenthavinganample fireplace, which ,threw; out a genial warmth from glowing, halfrconsumed logs, commenced to as sume à; cheerful home-like aspect. There was a heavy cedar table, which Mrs. Evans had rubbed up and polished until the dark red grain-"pf the noble 'wood was strikingly visible. Also à dozen , reàl chairs, as Annabel delightedly observed, steod 'around, upon 'which it was possible to enjoy the long disused comfort of sitting down. Of;this privilege she promptly availed herself. - \- Thé. night draperies were disposed in the chief bed-chamber ; though until the arrival of the furniture, it was apparent that the primitive sleeping accommodation of tho road would need to be' continued. Mr. Effingham and his sons were luxuriously billeted in another apartment, where, after their axletree experiences, they did not pity tliemsèlves. Andrew and his family were disposed' of in ono of the divisions in the kitchen, which, in colonial fashion, was a detached building in the roar. Mr. and Mrs. Evans had, on their previous entry on the premises, located themselves in an outlying cottage, or hut as they designated it, formerly the abode of the dairyman, where their possessions were bestowed without need of re arrangement. Even the dogs had a quarters allotted to them, in the large range of stabling formerly tenanted by many a gallant steed in the good old extravagant days of the colony, when unstinted hospitality and claret had been the proverbial rule at Warbrook. , M OliJ . dear !" exclaimed Annabel, from her chair, " what a luxurious feeling it is to be once more in a homed one's home I though it's a funny old place, and must have been a most tempting refuge for ghosts,; if there wore any wandering about' in search of quarters. And then, to think that to-morrow morning we shall not have to move on, ¿for ever and ever. I was beginning to get a liltletived of it, wero not you, mamma ? though 1 would have died sooner than confess it." "Words cannot describe how thankful I am, my, deni* child,-*' said her mother, "that we have had the good fortune to end this journey so fortu nately. It is the first ono I ever undertook in my life, and I trust that it will be the last. But let us all remember in our prayers, to-night, Whose hand has shielded us from the perils of the deep, and whatever dangers we may have escaped upon the land." "I feel as if wo had all been acting a charade or an.extended 'tableau' vivant," said Rosamond calmly, " I am liko you, Aunabel, dear, not sorry that the theatricals are over, though the play has of rain this It's a pity but we had a few been a success; so far. It has no more nights to mr fortunately for all the performers. Our every da; life will commence to-morrow. I trust that w shall enter upon it in a cheerful, determine< spirit."' . " I cannot help fancying," said Beatrice, tha travellers enjoy a vast amount of undeserved pres tige, or else that some experiences must differ veri much from ours. I suppose we might have had J Dick who would have lost his horses, or over turned his waggon, and bushrangers (there ar bushrangers, for I saw in a paper that Donoho< and his gang had * stuck-up,' whatever that means Mr. Icely's drays and robbed them) might hav< taken us captive. We have missed the romanc« of Australian life, evidently!" Quitting his couch at dawn, after the first mglr spent at Warbrook Chase, which name Annabe and Beatrice had taken several opportunities o using pointedly, Howard Effingham felt strongly urged to toleration of the faith of a Guebre or Fire worshipper. Slowly as he walked forth, he watchec tho majestic orb irradiate the sullen mist-shroudei turrets of the mountain range which lay to the eastward. Endless wealth of. colour-glorj was evoked by the Titan's kiss, softly, stealingly suffusing the pale dawnlight, the neutral- tintec dome, then with magical completeness flashing into supernal splendour. The dew glistened upoi the vernal green sward. The pied warbler rollec his richest notes in flute-like carol. The wild fowl, on the gold glistening mirror of the lake flew or dived in playful pursuit. The fresh bracing air was unspeakably gratefiü to the sympathetic senses of Howard Effingham's rurally attunec character. Amid the beauty and bounty of naturt in her less sophisticated aspects, his heart swellec with the thought that much of the wide champaign the woodlands, and the water, over which the eye roamed, called him master. He saw, once more, with the quick projection of a sanguine : spirit, his family domiciled with comfort and security, not without befitting dignity, long despaired of, He prized the ability to indulge once more thc loved but disused pursuits of a moral existence, Though in a far land, amid strange people, sepa rated by a whole ocean from the scenes of his youth and manhood, he now felt, for the first time, that content, even happiness, was possible to him and his. He was reminded as to the possibility of be coming, after all his black despair, once more a country gentleman, at the least an Australian Squire. It suddenly costed his mind to copy .hie wife's daily, hourly, reference of every cir cumstance of life to the especial dispensation of a benign over-ruling Providence, and falling upon his knees to exclaim-"I have iiot deserved-this; God be merciful to me a sinner 1" : Age is ever sleepless, Af ter the moderate pro portion of slumber actually needed for the restora tion of the wasted elements of humanity, the mind refuses to be further dragged to somnolency. Happy he, whose thoughts recalled to sentience, own no remorsefully aggressive cr reproachful tinge. But as years roll on, that wondrous auto matic machinery we call "the mind," has not ceased to register the loved and lost, among friends as well as hours, to write indelibly in a volume, the leaves of which flutter open a^l need lessly at dawn, the sins Of the past, the tasks ol the present, the dangers of the future. Leaden must be his brain, and dull his heart, for whom this Court of Arraigns does not render further drowsy hend impossible. With youth, how far otherwise it speeds! The body, full of joyous vigour, careless strength, dominates the unworn mind. Awakening from untroubled slumber, now tempting to linger in that delicious borderland of sleep, which, compre hending a half conscious enjoyment of repose for bids but roseate day . dreams, deep delicious reve ries! Cherish then the worship of the kind god Somnus, -oh joyous youth, oh tender maiden, while yet such childibh adoration is granted to ypur innocence. Still may the unworn senses revel m¿ the half infantine joys of peaceful long pro tected repose. Still afar from you be the spell that harshly breaks the-glamour of fairy bowers,, the fated knowledge of good and evil, which 6huts the .portal of the lost Aïder.n, Repose. < Mr. Effingham had walked around a portion of his new demesne before he was joined by his son, Wilfred, who, feeling grievously tempted to fold his arms in sleep yet a little longer, was hounded out by a strong sense of duty. As they greeted each other and the^ younger man inquired how long his father had been-afoot, they became aware that any reward for early rising would, of neces sity, be carried off by Richard Evans, who, erect as. usual, came marching in behind his team, which, noisy with clinking hobbles and bells, he drove bo fore him, with every appearance of having been up at least a couple of hours. "What a wonderful bid fellow that ls for energy!" said Wilfred. "Day or night seems alike to him. He is always hard at work at some thing or other; always helpful, civil, though by no means easy to convince ; apparently quite4 au fait' at a score of trades, yet military as a pipe clayed belt withal. Mr. Sternworth said he had some faults, but up to this time I have never dis covered them." " If he be faultless, he is such an old soldier as I have never met.in my experience," said his father mildly. " A little further acquaintance will no doubt remove our faith in his unnatural perfec tion. But, in any case, we must keep him on until we are sufficiently acclimatised to set up for our selves." . "lam quite of your opinion; we cannot have our reverend Mentor always at our beck and call. We really want some one in the capacity of general adviser, who knows the country and its ways. Guy and I will soon jjick up the 'carte du pays,' but at present he, I, and Andrew are all raw and ignorant together." I " Then we had better engage him at once. I suppose he can tell us the proper wages." I " Very possible ; but I think, sir, you had better delegate the executive department to me from this time forward. 1 shall pf course carry out your instructions, either in detail or otherwise. But as ! I intend to devote every waking hour and every j particle of my strength to the family cause for the I next ten years, you might do worse than appoint me your responsible minister now, and for ever." " My boy !" said Effingham, grasping his son's ' hand, " I should have made the suggestion if you had not anticipated me. I cheerfully yield to yoi the superintendence of the establishment, as yoi: will have the laborious part of the work. Manj things will need to be done, for which I am be coming unfit, but which you will, I hope, gradu ally master, I can fully trust you, I know, as an example to Guy and Seiden, the protector and guardian of your mother and sisters." , " As God will help me in my need ! my dearest father, do I propose to devote myself, mind and body, to that duty. Up to this time, I have led a luxurious and self-indulgent, if not a blameable life. But the spur of necessity,; which alone has power to rouse natures of my type, you must ad mit, has been hitherto wanting. Now the hour has come. I trust that in tho son to whom you never refused a pleasure it was in your power to grant, you will find the man of the situation." " I doubt it not. I never have doubted it, my son. I always knew that noble qualities, great powers, were latent in your character. As you say, the hour has como. The men of our name were never laggards when the trumpet-call had sounded. And now let us join the family party." As they reached the house, from which they had rambled some distance, the sun was more than two- hours high, and the smoke issuing from the chimney of the kitchen denoted that culinary ope rations were in progress. At that moment a ser viceable-looking dogcart, drawn by a wiry roan horse, trotted briskly along the main road, and drawing up displayed in the driver the welcome apparition of the Rev. Harley Sternworth. "How do, Howard? How are you,, Wilfred, my boy? Welcome to Warbrook-Warbrook Chase, that is. I shall , learn it in time. Very proper addendum too; suits the country, and gra tifies the young ..ladies'taste. Thought I'd come and catch,you at your first breakfast. Here, Dick, you old. rascal-that is, you deserving veteran take Roanoke." . The somewhat determined features of the old army chaplain softened, visibly as, entering the bare uncarpeted apartment, he descried Mrs. Effingham and her daughters sitting; near the breakfast table, evidently awaiting the master of the house; His quick eye noted at once the pro gress of feminine adaptation to circumstances, as well, as the marked air of comfort produced with so very scanty an amount of material. He must surely have been gratified by the sensa tion produced by his arrival. The girls (embraced him, hanging upon his words with eagerness, /as on the accents of the recovered relative of. thé melodrama. Mrs. Effingham greeted him with an amount of warmth quite foreign to her usual demeanour. Even the little ones held up their faces to be kissed by " Uncle Harley," v , " We are just going to have our first,breakfast," said Annabel. "Sit down, this very ; m Haven't we done wonders ?" . ', , ~ Indeed, by the fresh morning light /the. parlour looked, if possible, more, homelike'%nd.. effective than on the previous.evening. Tho br|àkfà^t"tabiè,, " decored with napery,"/, as Caleb ¿Balderston phrased it, had a delicately clean and* appetising appearance. A brimming milk-jú¿^shewed/.that the herbage of Warbrook had not been without its effect upon their fellow-passenger from the Chan nel Islands. The remnant of a goodly, round pf corned beef, their lasf'roadside purchase, ,consti: tuted the "pièce de résistance.'^ A dish Of poached eggs, supplied^, by Mrs. Eváris¡7whÓse poultry tra velled with her every where,, and looked upon the waggon as'their home, added much to the'glory of: the repast.. .A large loaf of fresh bread, supplied by the same useful matron, stood proudly upon aplate, while the tray comprehending the road side tea equipage, |with a kettle like a Russian samovar, completed the British matutinal effect of the repast. Nor was the element of artistic ornamentation wholly absent. Annabel had fished up a broken vase from a lumber closet, which, filled with the poor remnants of the borders. " where once a garden smiled," and supplemented with "wild buttercups and very nearly daisies," as she described the native flora procurable, , made a striking and harmonious contribution. ' ' Before commencing the meal,-a's Mr. Effingham took his seat at the head Of his own table once more, humble as were-the, surroundings, his wife glanced at the youngest.darling,blanche., She ran. across to a smaller table, covered with, a rug, and thence lifting a volume of some weight!brought it' over to their guest. His eyes met those of his old comrade and of her, his life's faithful companion. The chatelaine eyes were moistened, in despite of her efforts at composure. What recollections were not summoned up by the reccurrence of that simple household observance ? With a voice fal tering at first with genuine emotion, old Harley Sternworttrtook the sacred volume and read a por tion, before praying in simple.earnest phrase, that the great Being who had been pleased to lead the 'steps of His servants to this far land, would guide them {in all their ways and prosper the work of their hands in their new home and abiding place. " May His blessing be upon you all, and upon your children's children after you, in this the good laud of your adoption," said the old man as he arose quietly in the midst of the universal Amen. " Do you know that it was by no means too warm when I left Yass, at daylight this morning?" said he, recovering his ordinary manner with an effort. " My housekeeper is accustomed to see me depart and return at all sorts of queer times, so she does not make foolish remarks. Butin our first month of spring we have a frost, sometimes, worthy of Yorkshire. Yesterday there was rather a Bharp one. We shall have rain again soon." "Oh! I hope not," said Annabel, " this is such lovely charming weather. So clear and bright, and not at all too warm. I should like it to last for months." " Then, my dear young lady, we should all be ruined. Rain rarely does harm in this country. Sometimes there are floods, and people who live on meadow land suffer. But the more rain the mer rier, in this country at least. It is a land of con tradiction you know. Your Lake William, here, will never overflow, so you may be easy in your mind, if it rains eyer so hard. "And what does my thoughtful young friend, Rosamond, say of the new. home ?" inquired the old gentleman, looking with affectionate eyes upon her calm features. "She thinks, Papa Sternworth, that nothing better for us. all could have been devised in the wide world,:unless the.Queen had ordered,her Ministers'to turn out Sir Percy.de Warenne¡ and put us in possession of Old Court. . Even that though Sir Percy is a graceless kinsman,, might not have, been so good for us, as making, a home for ourselves here, out of our own heads, as the children say." ; . " And you are quite satisfied, my dear,?' " More than satisfied. I am exulting and eager to begin work. In England I felt likely to Buffer from a dearth of>enrployment, as many¡ girls do, Here every moment of the day.will: be well and usefully employed." . " Miss Beatrice also approves ?" ¡ , "Miss Beatrice says," replied that, perhaps more difficult damsel, who not so prone as her sisters to respond to the first advances of friend ship, was generally héld to be reserved,. if ,ribt proud, " she would, not have come, to Australia if it could have been helped. . But having come, sup poses she will ^not make any more useless'Joment than other people." ". , , ,(, "Beatrice secretly hates .the.country, I know she does," exclaimed Annabel ; " and it,is ungrate ful of her, particularly when we have sucha'lovely place, with garden, and a lake, and 'mountains, and sunsets, and everything we . can possibly want." ' - - , . " I am not so imaginative as to expect to live upon mountains and sunsets, and I must confess it will take me a very long time to be come accus tomed to the want of nearly all the accessories of life. I am a poor philosopher, and a worsepoet; but I suppose I shall manage to bear put my' share of the family burdens." "You have always done, so hitherto, my dear," said Mrs. Effingham ; " but you are not fond of talking about your good deeds, not sufficiently so, as I tell you. It is not good taste, I think, not to be a little interested about one's self. It is.an im plied reproach to the company ot whom you form a part." , "Some one has run away with Beatrice's share of self-assertion and vanity," said Rosamond; " but we must not stay talking aesthetics all the morning. I am ehief bntler, and shall have to be chief baker too perhaps, some day. I must break np the meeting, as every one has apparently break fasted." ...... , ' "And I must have a terrific business conversa tion with your father and Wilfred,? said Air. Stefnworth. "; Where is the study ?-the library I mean. Not furnished yet 1 Well, ; suppose, we adjourn to the éx-drawing room. It's a spacious apartment* where the late tenant, a practical man, used to store his maize. There is a deal table, for I put it there myself. ' Guy, you may as well ask Dick Evans whëre the most likely place for wild fowl; is. Better bring a couple of chairs^-Wilfred. We are going to have a ' sederurit,' 'as they say in Scotland." , ' ' , ' ! ' ' > '[TO BE ~ CONTINUED.'] '' ' " 