THE MERCURY. FRIDAY MORNING, MARCH 10, 1877. WHILE it is a very foolish thing to meet troubles half way, the voice of wisdom impresses upon us the necessity of being prepared to accept any result that may follow a disturbance of the present peace of Europe. It is not at all improbable that there will be a recourse to arms over the Eastern question yet, nor is it impossible that England may be compelled to take an important part in it and with a prospect of these " eventualities," the position of our commerce becomes a very serious question-serious not alone to Great Britain, but to the entire nation, for it is impossible, in considering such a subject, to imagine the Mother Country and the Colonies having divided interests. We heard the other day, through REUTER'S agency, that Russia intended withdrawing from the Treaty of 1856, if the Powers refused to co-operate and insist upon the Porte assenting to the original programme of the conference. It is not our purpose now to consider the conditions which Russia has laid down as the alternative of a re- pudiation of the Treaty, or what she means by her fresh proposals for the collective action of the Powers, which we find from our telegram published this morning, she has made ; we would rather look for a few moments at the effect which these not altogether unexpected moves on the part of the Muscovite would have upon our maritime interests and our commerce generally. Four months ago, the United Service Gazette wrote that it was no secret that a very strong feeling pervaded the Russian people in favour of attacking British commerce by privateering in the event of war, and it went on to say :-" We are informed through the Russian Press, us also by our own correspondents,' that large sums would be forthcoming from private sources alone for the purchase and equipment of privateers in different parts of the world. There is no reason whatever to doubt the truth of such information. The Declaration of Paris is not likely to be respected by Russia in the face of what has already been repudiated by hour." And the same journal proceeds to show that Russian priva- teers might strike a terrible blow at English commerce before anything could be done to prevent them that a few swift cruisers might repeat the exploits of the Alabama, though on a much more extensive scale, and not be captured for months, just because England has not sufficient sail and steam power ready to do it. Without desiring to create unnecessary alarm, it must be admitted that any nation which chose to fit out privateers against British commerce could, notwithstanding the strength of the British navy, inflict almost incalculable damage, and it is this circumstance that gives such a grave appearance to the intentions of Russia. Under the Declaration of Paris, it was resolved by Great Britain, Russia, France, Prussia, Austria, Turkey, and Sardinia, that privateering should be abolished that a blockade to be valid must be effective that neutral goods should not be liable to seizure in an enemy's vessel and that a neutral flag should cover an enemy's goods. There has always been a variety of opinions as to whether England studied her own interests in assenting to such principles of mari- time law, and the fact that a motion was submitted in the House of Commons the other day for the withdrawal of Great Britain from the Treaty is conclusive that a party still exists which believes in absolute " free trade " on the high seas, and objects to artificial restrictions of any kind. Until we receive the report of the debate on the question we cannot, of course, know the arguments that were adduced in support of an abrogation of the Treaty ; but if it were contended that the Treaty was too circumscribed, and did not embrace all that it should have done, we have no hesitation in saying that we fully concur in such an opinion. Looked at from any point of view, it would have been better if the Powers, while they were engaged in their important task, had agreed that all private property should be inviolate. Had this been done, every Country which engaged in war would have reaped the benefit of the provision, and loss apprehension would have been felt on our part where there was a probability of England being involved in any sanguinary embroilment. We can imagine one or two, at least, of the objections that would be urged, as they have been urged many times before, against England holding to the Declaration of Paris. It would be said that for the greatest naval power in the world to limit its destructiveness, to surrender a weapon of immense strength, and to place itself, so to speak, on an equality with nations which have not the ghost of a chance against her on sea, is a policy scarcely compatible with the safety, if it is with the dignity, of the British nation. Mr. J. S. MILL and Mr. BUTLER JOHNSTONE have both condemned this policy, and have contended that England was not justified in renouncing the right which she formerly possessed of playing sad havoc with the commerce of an enemy. So far, this is perfectly reasonable, and until we examine the matter a little more, it does seem that the Declaration of Paris is prejudicial to British interests. But, after careful consideration of the subject, we have come to the conclusion that the step was not only a wise one, but that any retrograde movement now would be disastrous to our commerce, and that it is the bounden duty of the Mother Country to exert her great influence in favour of the maintenance of the present international laws OF enacted in 1850. For it must be remembered that if England is the greatest naval power, her commerce is immense, and extends to every part of the inhabitable globe. She may be, and is, capable of great destructiveness ; but at the same time she is liable to suffer from privateering more than any other nation. Supposing the Declaration of Paris to be abrogated, and England to go to war, all vessels sailing under the British flag, with their cargoes, would be liable to seizure by the enemy. Now, they are other nations besides England which possess fleets not at all to be despised, and it would be a blow which Tasmania, for instance, would feel for years, supposing three or four of the few vessels we have trading to London were to fall into the hands of mi enemy. This is bringing the subject home and we know that the best way of making a man take an interest in anything is to touch his pocket, or to suggest, at all events, that he is likely to suffer pecuniary loss. Tasmanians may perhaps have thought that Russia's withdrawal of the Declaration of Paris is of no importance to them ; but we trust they will not continue to labour under any such mistake. Under any circumstances, in case of war, great inconvenience will arise. To send our produce home in our own vessels would be dangerous, because both ship and cargo might be seized ; but this can be avoided by employ-' ing foreign vessels, and that will be only the course open, unless owners are willing either to run the risk, or pay the heavy rate charged by insurance companies during war As we remarked before, it is greatly to be regretted that private property was not made exempt from molestation ; but knowing that it is not, we must accept the position. immunity from loss and annoyance we cannot expect ; but we can give our steadfast adherence to the principles laid down by the Treaty of 1856, and trust that they will not be annulled or violated. ^________^__ VICE-REGAL. His Excellency the Governor yesterday drove out a party, including Commodore and Mrs. Hoskins ; Lieut. Brock, aide-de-camp to the Commodore ; Miss Lee (a daughter of General Lee, of the Confederate, U.S. army), and others, to the Elwick racecourse Sir James Wilson also took out Rear-Admiral and Mrs. Barnard. The whole party were entertained at luncheon 011 the course by Sir James Wilson. ACCIDENT O.V THE MAIN LINE A rumour gained currency in town yesterday to the effect that a serious accident had occurred to the express train from Hobart Town to Launceston. On enquiry, however, we learnt that the facts had been very much exaggerated. It appears that when the express train which left the Hobart Town station at 8 o'clock yesterday morning was nearing Jerusalem about 10 o'clock the engine, by some means, got off the line. Not the slightest damage was done, so far as we can learn, but the train was delayed for several hours, not being able to proceed again till nearly 4 o'clock yesterday afternoon. As this is, the same train which has to return to Hobart Town, the accident would have the effect of delaying the express which usually arrives from Launceston at 345 p.m., till about 3 o'clock this morning. A BARBAROUS ERRORS correspondent calls our attention to a curious error which has crept into the Act of Council 18 Vict, No. 7, regulating the slaughtering of cattle in the town of Launceston, in the eleventh line of the preamble it is declared expedient " that provision should be made for the slaughter and sale of cattle, sheep, and (not pigs but) says." The wearers of such an ornament as a wig had better give Launceston a wide berth. COMBINATION CRICKET MATCH. - This match began in Melbourne yesterday, and according to the present state of the game, the prospects of the colonials are very cheering. A total of ICG, with six wickets down, obtained off the best bowling in the world, is no mean score. Bannerman is again distinguishing himself as the finest batsman in the colonies and even if he adds nothing to his 126, she is entitled to some recognition for such a magnificent innings. PUBLICATION We have to acknowledge the receipt of the annual report of the Ballarat School of Mines, presented at the meeting of governors in January last. The institution appears to be ably fulfilling the intentions of the promoters. RIFLE ASSOCIATION.-Atameetingheldlastevening Ten new members were elected, and a very necessary bye-law was passed to the effect that at all target practice of the members there shall be a competent marker with a danger flag at the butts, a look-out with a danger flag on the hill, and a third danger flag at the firing point. Of course if these precautions are not used by firing parties of the Association, the Master Gunner will order the parties off the practice ground, which is under his especial care. BENEVOLENT SOCIETY-The usual weekly meeting of the executive committee of the Benevolent Society was held at the depot, Bathurst-street, yesterday afternoon. The members present were Dr. R, S. Hall (chairman), Mr. J R. A. Mather, and Mr. W. H. Burgess. The registrar reported that during the past week 20 cases (including 85 individuals) were relieved with 23 full and three half rations ; also that during the same period, four paupers had been discharged from the Brickfields invalid dcpCt, four from the Cascades, and due from the New Town charitable institution for females. Mr. Witt added that a number of men from the wood-yard, and others on the books of the society had gone to the hop-picking. There was only one fresh application for relief, which was granted. UNITED YOUNG MEN'S ASSOCIATION A special meeting of this association, called for the purpose of revising the rules, was held at the Mechanics' Institute, yesterday evening, and was presided over by the Rev. W. W. Spicer, president. The rules were read over seriatim, and that relating to the designa- tion of the association was referred to a committee to i sport upon at a special meeting to be convened for that purpose. The remaining rules were adopted, after so no alterations had been made, the ordinary night of meeting being fixed for every Thursday. THE BELLHISOERS.-The Lynch family of bell ringers and Messrs. Tom Margetts and Frank Verteil gave their farewell entertainment at the Oddfellows' (Hall last evening. The performance was under the patronage of the officers of H.M.S. Wolverene. There was also a very large attendance on the occasion, the hall being well-filled in every part. A choice and varied programme was provided, but as the majority of the items have already been criticised there is no necessity to say more than that each and every performer did his utmost to please the audience, and in that they were thoroughly successful. The company are to appear at New Nor for le this evening. We understand the company will open again for a short season in Hobart Town on E ster-monday. THE OPERA SEASIN.-Simonscns Opera Company will arrive this morning by the s.s. Southern Cross, and to-night the season will open at the Theatre Royal with Wallace's popular opera Maritana, Madame Simonsen of course sustaining the title role. That there will be a crowded house we may safely anticipate and there is every probability that the company will be well patronised during their stay here. We know that this is the earnest wish of the music-loving portion of the community; and there is no reason why this season should not be as successful from a financial point of view as any that has preceded it. We believe the arrangements will be found to be in every respect satisfactory to patrons. TEMPERANCE MEriNO. A public temperance meeting was held at the Alliance Rooms last night, and as it was known that several members of the Pearl of Peace Lodge of Good Templars, from [ TELLS. Wolverene, would be present, a crowded audience assembled to welcome them. Mr. C. K. Ellis occupied the Chair, and addresses were delivered by Messrs. George Arnold, G. S. Crouch, Lodge, and other gentlemen, the intervals having been filled with songs and recitations by the Blue Jackets, and with instrumental music. CITY POLICE COURT.-At the Police Court yesterday morning a woman named Catherine Bradford, charged by Detective Simpson, pleaded guilty to having stolen a shoot, the property of Ellen Brown, of Argyle-street, and was sentenced to six months' imprisonment. The case of Harrison v. Pretjnell, breach of the Scab Act, was again mentioned, and postponed for a fortnight at the request of the complainant. The magistrates were Mr. Tarleton, P.M., and Mr. G. Crisp, J. P. WAITING FOR THE TIDE. - A correspondent writes On Saturday last, some time before mid- night, a number of remarkable phenomena were visible from the deck of the St. Helen's, Captain Hall, then lying at anchor on the George's Bay side of the bar. The first appearance was globular and of a deep orange colour, which was followed by another forming a well defined crescent, These were succeeded by seven or eight luminous bodies which terminated in golden rains. At two o'clock a.m., the St. Helens was hailed by a boat manned by eight or nine men, who came alongside and informed Captain Hall that several gentlemen, while sitting under the drawing-room verandah of the Telegraph Hotel, George's Bay, had seen appearances which they had thought were rockets. Apprehensive that the St. Helen's, or other vessel, had struck on the bar, a boat's crew was at once formed, consisting of Mr. Timbs, of New Norfolk, a part of the crew of the Alabama, and other willing spirits, who had gone forth, if needs be, to lend a hand. Finding all snug on board, after a short stay the boat put off' for the township of St. Helen's, and wishing the crew of ready and willing" good follows "JOH I voyage," we turned in. CRICKET. - A match is to he played on the Association Ground to-day between eleven old scholars and twenty-two present scholars of the Hutchins School ; wickets to be pitched at 10 a.m. A return match between the present Mayor and aldermen and ex-mayors and ex-alderman is to be played on the Association Ground on Wednesday next. ST. PATH OF S SOCIETY SPORTS.- The programme of the sports to take place in the Domain on Monday next is published. It comprises youths' and boys' races, open champion race, handicap race for the members of St. Patrick's band ; walking match, grand hurling match, handicap champion race, and three-legged race for the seamen of the Wolverene. Entries for the events must be sent in to the secretary, Mr. M. J. Hoare, before 9 o'clock to-morrow evening. A BROKEN LEONA man named Henry Smith, was taken the General. Hospital yesterday evening, suffering fiomafractuieof the light leg, near the ankle. He stated that he had slipped off the kerb stone in Campbell-street. He remains under treatment. TiiANKSOlViW SERVIPEÍJ.-On Sunday next thanksgiving services are to be held at Sorell and Forcett, and on the following Sunday at Wattle Hill. SABBATH SCHOOL ANNIVERSARY Services in connection with the 45th anniversary of the Memorial Church Sabbath Schools are to be held on Sunday next. The Rev. C. Anthony will preach in the morning, and the Rev. J. White in the evening. In the afternoon the Rev. W. C. Robinson is to address the children. On Wednesday a tea and public meeting will be held. A TREAT FOR COUNTRY FOLEY-The evening the Lynch family, belli angora, and Messrs. Margetts and Vortcu, will give one of their popular enter statements at New Norfolk and to-morrow evening the company will appear in Campbell Town. LATER INTERCOLONIAL NEWS. -By the arrival of the s.s. Derwent at Launceston on Wednesday, we have Victorian dates from the 10th to the 13th inst. ; New South Wales from the 7th to 10th ; South Australian from the 7th to 10th ; and Queensland from the 1st to the 7th, Wellington, N.Z., dates of the 26th and 27th butter are also to hand. THE ARAB SUE ROCKET. We learn from Wood- lands that, on account of old age, it has been deemed advisable to destroy the handsome little son of the desert, Kuckat. Poor old Rocket will long be remembered in Tasmania, as he was always a great favourite with breeders and it is satisfactory to know that the produce (numbering about one hundred) that he leaves behind him, are all very creditable specimens of blood stock. FATHER BEECHINORINQUELNSLAND - ThcQiieow land Innes of the 1st March, says : " We understand that the Rev. D Y X Beechinor, from the diocese of Hobart Town, u at present in Ipswich, he has been sent to Queensland by his Burnip the Most JA(W Dr Murphy, to solicit contributions in aid of the rebuilding of St Mary s Cathedral, Hobart Town The rev gentleman preached at St Mary's Church, on Sunday last at each service, and pointed out, in eloquent and forcible language, the difficulties which induced his Bishop to send him here He explained that the St Mary's Cathedral was opened for Divine Service some ten years ago at an outlay of 15,000, and in about two years afterwards began to show signs of decay, in consequence of the pillars supporting the lantern tower giving way, that the decay of the transept and chancel gables followed, and it was then found absolutely necessary to close the church The cathedral has since been examined and reported upon by two eminent architects, who have decided that it is necessary to pull down and rebuild the whole, or nearly the whole, edifice The rev gentleman pointed out the consequent loss of the sum of £13 000 as a great hardship on people in whom as a body poverty was more common than in the people of any other diocese in Australia, and that as their united efforts were unequal to raising the sum re quired about £7,000 he hoped that their appeal to the generosity of their neighbours would be warmly responded to He felt sure it would be in this town and district, as the magnificence of the ecclesiastical buildings here proved the liberality of the people, and he simply asked them to extend their charity We understand that a collection will be made in aid of the objects of the rev. gentleman's mission on next Sunday at each service, and that he will preach at 11 o'clock " life BALLARAT SCORES OF A CENTURY -The Ballarat Star writes : " We have been requested to give publicity to a very widespread feeling prevailing amongst not only members of the C. C. C. , but Ballarat cricketers generally, with reference to the splendid score made by Mr Pobjoy, jun in the late intercolonial match played at Hobart Town We intended some weeks ago to have had something to say respecting this matter, but were led to believe our cricketing friends were moving in it We feel quite sure that the grand display of cricket made by the gentleman named in so important an intercolonial match will not be allowed to pass un- recognised by the cricketers of city and town, and now that the two leading cricket clubs of the place time had ample time to think over the matter, we trust no further delay will take place in recognising in a fitting and cricket like manner the really wonderful ment shown by a young and deserving gentleman in the late island contest ' TASMANIA DEFENDED -Mr, Robert S Casely, of Moonta, writes as follows to the S A Register - "Sir-in your issue of Tuesday last is given a portion of the report of the Bible Christian Mission ary Society To the latter part of the following paragraph will you allow me to call attention - In Western Australia the convict element was strong, and in Tasmania the same pernicious clement obstructed commercial and political development ' I presume the writer of this sentence had no intention to cast unmerited reproach upon the sister colony of Tasmania, and that he was in partial ignorance of the commercial and political condition of the land when he wrote his report The state ment 13 far from being, correct the development of the resources of that colony during late years has been rapidly advanced The mines of tin, iron, and gold are successfully and A merously worked Railways are being I rejected and built in various parts of the island the rich lands of the colony are every year being more fully brought into cultivation, and this past season have yielded 30 and 40 bushels of wheat to the acre and 70 bushels of oats, so that if success in the field is to be accepted as evidence of pro A dental favour Tasmania is abundantly blessed the convict element in Tasmania is neither a source of loss nor tram Many years ago it contributed very largely to its commercial prosperity , but for more than 24 years Tasmania has ceased to be a penal colony, and the effect of convictism except in one portion of the land, is but little known, and in many portions of his novel had a place. The commercial men of Tasmania are not slow to turn to account the advantages their colony allies, and to lUy they might justifiably boast of being as prosperous as their brethren in this larger province Nor has the colony suffered politically from the convict element in its population, but commercially politically, and religiously I am sure it deserves the sisterly place South Australia could not refuse it It may be that very few of the Tasmanian people will see the report from which I have quoted but I point out the sentence in question, satisfied that when the mistake of it is noticed its author will be just enough to excise it AN AMERICAN ON MELBOURNE.-The Argus says Mr. Wilson, of the circus, does not seem to have been very favourably impressed by the climate of Victoria, while he is of opinion that the citizens of Melbourne believe this place, and not Briston, to be the hub of the universe." In a letter to the Alta California, he says-The you do not begin by making up your mind that Melbourne is the finest city in creation, and the only place in the world worth living in, you are not likely to understand its inhabitants or to enter into the spirit of their doings. It is a good place enough well laid out in broad, straight streets upon the American plan, with fine public buildings, five or six magnificent, well-cultivated open parks, and a busy bustling, energetic population. It is all this, and more ; but at its best it never is or can be to a traveller what it is to the dweller within its bounds. To the natives it is paradise, perfect and unalloyed, without Haw, fault, or blemish, and after a few weeks spent in the city, you begin to wonder whether your eyes, or those of your host are out of gear. To never freezes here, consequently the climate is, you are calmly assured, the finest in the world. It is true that when the wind blows, which is nearly all day long, four days out of live, you cannot see across the street for the dust storms, and when the wind does not blow, the sun pours down its pitiless rays until you wish you could sit up to your neck in an ore tub. It is also true that when it is not scorching the clothes on your back into tinder, and baking the brains in your skull, it rains in torrents or hails in tons. But it is the finest in the world, the people say who live all their lives in it, and, after all, who should know if they do not ?" It is comforting to reflect that the foolish self-complacency thus attributed to us is peculiar to Australia, and is never to be met with in any part of the United States not even in San Francisco ! GEORGE COLLINS LEVER-The following is taken from a San Francisco paper The marriage of Mrs. E. P. Bouligny and Mr. Levey, of Melbourne, Australia, is fixed for January 23rd. The ceremony will be performed at Trinity Church, in Washington. The bridal party will leave directly for San Francisco to sail thence for Austro] ja. Mr. Levey was a member of the British Parliament for eight years, and was commissioner to the exhibitions of London, Paris, and Vienna. He holds an honoured position in Melbourne, this society of which city is said to be very delightful. Mr. Levey is a widower, without children. His first wife was the daughter of the Governor-General of Australia. Mrs. Parker proposes meeting Mr. and Mrs. Levey at the Paris Exposition in 1878, and will then take Mrs. Bouliguy's daughters, who will remain at Washington for the present, to join their mother." 