ALES AND SKETCHES. My Grandmother's Lover. (From "How my my Grandfather canity to Marry my Grandmother." by Mrs C. Reade, in the Belqravia Annual.) I thought I would walk back, if Fred ho was expected home that afterernoon, would meet me at Condit- Mere. — , "I <"" u» no tut! wooa at eight oclock punctually," I set toft; with my ' ur t^jnSU . , ,, hindered me sadly.^d-it^ame on to ^ smali; spiteful ^ , which wet one to the skin, \vithout darkening the dust. Still I struggled on ; Fred was already on his way to meet me. Fi-ed's arm would soon be at my service; Fred's voice Would make music in uiy.cars; I Was to be married to Fred "to-morrow-. What was a littlo discomfort compared, to such good luck as that I I struggled on. Suddenly^ however* the sound 'tis of a lioVse galloping struck Upon my ears, and I stood still to listen. Thttd'i thud ' beat the iiorSe's hoofs Upon the road. Presently 1 siw with solas difficulty—fof it was already dark— a man ridmg full speed towards me, and I turned hot with fright lest he might be the bearer of ill-tidings froiii home—florae one come to tell me that father or mother was. dead, or that Fred bad taet with Some dreadful accident. A moment's reflection bowever, showed me the absurdity of sUcli •fears, and I drew to one Side to let him pass, wheh, Beeihg me standing there beside the hedge, he pulled up all of a sudden, almost flinging his horse, which was flecked with foam and snorting with excitement, on his haunches, and exclaimed i " You'd better turn back, young Womaiii and make all the baste yoil caii home) for I've just been attacked by two scoundrels this side of Condit* cote's Wood; and if you go on, murdered you'll be as sure as iny name's what it is." " But my home is oh the father side of the Xt6od, sir" I answered'in vast constcl-nation, " and 1 must get back to-niglit, for I'm going to be married to-morrow." "Buried more likely," rejoined lie bluntly* "unless you take my advice.' 1 1 stood silent, scaVce able to think for tenor, and anxiety—terror lest I should be waylaid and robbed ol my twenty pounds, which I carried in St little bag lipon lny aim ; anxiety lest Fred should even no\v be on his way towards the wood/ arid thus fall a prey to these fellows' bludgeons before I could warn him, " I tell you what," exclaimed the man suddenly; " You jump up behind me, and I'll lake you as far as the Cross-roads; you'll be able to go home another way then. Go back with you I can't, for I alreadj' run a fair chance of being benighted " _ "O, but, sir" I commciiced plain r tivelj-, ready to burst out frying, t was so perplexed and alarmed. "You need not be afraid of trustin^ j'oui-self with me," he j)ursued ; " I m a butcher of SWettenham, by name John Pretyman, with a mother and sister, and as well known as the town clock:" " Yes, I daresay," I answered ; " but if it was ever so I couldn't turn back now, foi' my-—my intended is coming to meet niciit the wood; and if I don't get there before him ; he be murdered as re as sure." And therewith I started off to run as fast as my legs would Carry me But John 1 Pretyman was a man of spiritj and not to be outdone in resolution by a gill. "Stop a minute !" cried he, spurring after ine. " As you value your good name, stop!" I stopped. " If yoii will go on, continued he, seeing that I had come to a standstill; " Which I think downright -wrong, mind you—if you will go on, however, Jet me do this, I'll ride after you to that clump of oaks, do you see ?" pointing with his whip to three trees which grew together by the side of tlie road, 'and then I'll talk and laugh as loud as ever I Can, So that these rascals, who if they stayed 'here I left them, ar'nt far off, may fancy that- some one's nigh at hand, and so let you pass unmolested for fear of being caught" ."•O, thank you, sir," I exclaimed, with gratitude. " And if I hear you scream," he went i, " I'll come to your assistance, that you may be-sure; besides you can say if they meddle with you, that your brother's just behind. . And now goodnight, and may'God protect you. " Amen 1" I said; and set my face towards the woodj as faint at heart as h mouse. By degrees, however, my agitation subsided a little, and the moon chan , cmg just then to show her face among" the clouds, I was able to see things more clearly as they were; also I could hear John Pretyman. ha-ha-ing in the distance enough for six and that alone gave me no small confidence— for he was a stout and lusty man to all. appearance, and one on whom dependence might be placed. On I walked, quick and straight/ 'lommending my soul meanwhile to •3od if so bo that I should bo killed, %nd piayin^ that no mischance might happen to Jiuu -who was so dear to inc. So I fared till I reached the turn. *Tlien 1 stopped short, .as if rooted to ground. Even now the horror of that awful moment rises fresh and "Vivid la my mind; Coming up the road, which waft now flooded with moonshine, and white as ivory, was Fred. I don't know whether he saw me, I think he scarcely tould have, for hardly had I set eyes on him when out sprang two men from the Ledge right into his path, and down he went beneath them like a sack of coals. 1 screamed, I .yelled, till my eyes were ready to drop out of my •head; for all the hope 1 had of ever seeing him again alive lay in my 'being able to attract -John IVetyman's 'attention) and bring hitfk 'to the res- 'cue. That he heafd ine was soon made evident, for before my third shriek had died away, a horse's hoofs •sounded in the distance, and I heard him shouting with all his might, ""Thieves 1 minder!. Help, help!" ^Then I took courage, and rail as last =as I could to where the rascals werfe •bending over my poor dear, stripping hiin of every penny of ready money he had in the world, and so making us beggars for ihe next six months to 'come. No sooner did they see me, the .paltry wretches, thantlieystraightened themselves up, and made off to right -and left. One scrambled up into the wood, and "the other broke through •the hedge into the fields, leaving Fred : stretclifed out upon the road insensible, -Iris face critns6n with blood which flowed from a cut over liis left temple, . : and one arm broken from a blow with /a loaded cane, which was afterwards •found with that picture in the ditch. Tt> sit lii'e do\vn upon the i-o'ad and J , take his "dear head, all the pretty golden-.-hair dank and dark with blood, •upon my lap, was the. work of a mo- *ment; another, and John Pretj-man •"stood besidfe m'fe. Poor chap !" said he ; " he'll have *6ome ado to get the better of this "-night's frolic." '•0, sir," I saicl, looking up at him, 'the tears i-uuning down my facej " be ;grave I pray, and tell me what is best 'to do}" . Just then the grind of whefels struck ;gratefully upon my ear. " Something is coming!" I exclaimed, ""a cart, a carriage. Perhaps the 'driver will take him to my home." " Where dost live asked violin -Pretyinau. " At the Mere Fai'm," I answered. *" I am Charity Rose, Faruiei- Rose's 'daughter." "Nay, is it possible?" cried be in Vast surprise. ""Why, I know your father wellhim and me's had many -a dealing." "Hulloa!" called the driver of the waggon, which had rounded the turn while we spoke. " What be'st a J doin' theer ?" _ "It's easy told," answered John Pretyman prompt and free; and therewith life went up to the man, and •having explained how it was that we 'cut such a sorry fignrfc, asked if he would kindly give Fred and me a lift. "That I 'uil," replied the carter; but I should fust loike to 'ave a look for them Villuna. I got a bit o' rope 'ere as I could tie 'em to the cart'B tail with, -and I'll warrant I'd make 'em trot!" smacking Ills long \Vhip with "meaning. " But he'll bleed to death," I interposed, tearing a strip off my cambric "gown to bind about my dear's head ; the blood had already oozed through Wo pocket handkerchiefs. "Surely •it is better to save the life of one lionest •man than hang two rogues." " That's downi iglit good sense,' 5 said •John Pretymah. That's Rose's daughter all over. Lend a hand, master, and we'll have him on that straw in a •trice." . . . Gently they lifted him intd the waggon. Quickly I got in, and sat down by his side. Mr Pretyman remounted his horse, the carter "gee- woaed" and cracked his whip, and away We went, as moilriiful a sight as tan well be imagined. i When we got home—Fried Indanecl twice during the ' journey, without •opening his eyes though, or in any other way exhibiting signsofconsciousiaess—John Pretyman, who had in- ' sisted oii coming \vitli u's, much as I begged him not to, thinking that I had given him quite enough trouble for Vine night, bade me sit still where I was until he had broken the hews to father and mother, so as not to ialarm them more than was unavoidable. After a bit—it might be ten minutes —out they came, mother carrying a candle, as white as a ghost, father with a bottle of .brandy an one hand and a glass in the other, and John Pretyman, bringing up the rear. " No wedding to- morroiV, say girl," Said father, as he felt Fred's pulse, and gazed into his blood-Btained face; " it's a rare bad job." Then a great wave of grief swept tiver me, for I knew that was father's •Way of telling me lie would die. 