(Spiral Jutctliptce. The Whitehall Review learns on reliable au thority that Captain Richard Burton is home ward bound, having successfully convinced the Khedive that he is the happy possessor of rich gold and silver mines in Egypt, At the Central Criminal Court, London, a juryman, w.-s taken suddenly ill arid died. When Called upon to serve on the previous day, he had asked to be excused on account of very hisage, and state of his health, but he was told that as he had not taken the necessary steps to remove his name from the jury list, he was bound to 6erve, and did so. It appears that Mr. Herbert Roberts is not to enjoy the starring monopoly of the colonies as a hand-player at billiards. A one-armed-player named Austin has just been astonishing the people of Sydney with some very fine hand- play. The most terrible tragedy that has occurred 6ince the war broke out took place at Beki Ahmed, in Asia Minor. A body of four thousand Circassian cavalry, under Mukhta Pasha, were ordered to advance on Kars. While- en. route they reBted for the night at the village of Beki Ahmed, and, feeling secure, thought there was no necessity for any great vigilance against the enemy. The Russians, however, organized a powerful force during the night, surrounded and surprised the village. The Circassians refused to surrender, whereupon a wholesale slaughter commenced. The Circas sians fought with desperate valour, but the Russians fell upon them unmercifully, and put three thousand Circassians to the sword. The carnage was dreadful. No quarter was given. The two sides fought with deep hate Jof one another. The affair occasioned a deep impres sion throughout the two armies, as indicating the determination with which the present great Struggle was to be fought. In spite of the rumours that Russia was- un prepared for war, she appears to have the best of it in leaders, materiel, and general organisa tion. Her officers are, many of them, highly- trained scientific soilders ; she has plenty of weapons, and is only very short of powder. On the other side, matters have been much mis managed. Not many months ago there were 500,000 Btand of rifles at Constantinople, and not one single cartridge. The Turkish generals have not been chosen always for merit ; court favor has been a mere certain avenue to promo tion. The generalissimo on the Danube, Abdul Kerim, is a personal friend of the War Minister, and has no great reputation, as a soldier. It is reported now that a command has been offered to the Hungarian Klapka ; but he wishes to make hard conditions, claiming to be quite inde pendent and untrammelled, which the Turks are not prepared to concede. So active is scientific research, that 5000 Bpecies of fungi, or cryptogamous plants, have been thoroughly classified. Yet there are pre sumed to be .many more of the species ; they are among the lowestknown forms of vegetable life, and yet their component parts, chemically considered, bring them in close assimilation to animal organism. They are remarkably nitro- ginous, like animals, absorbing oxygen. Some naturalists have even claimed a distinct king dom for them, between the animal and the vegetable. Wonderful are the discoveries of the micro- scopist. With its aid, the. pulsations of the heart of a caterpillar have been counted. B.lood can be seen flowing through the veins of a silk worm. And research shows daily that skilful as man has become, there are living things so minute that the most powerful instrument yet devised only makes them discernible. At Rowestoft, yesterday, three children were discovered dead. Samuel Brown and his wife occupy a cottage in Bevan- street, Brown being a smack master, and away from home several weeks at a time. In consequence of the wife pawning household goods during the absence of her husband much unhappiness existed between them, which led to Brown inquiring of a magis trate what he should do in relation to his wife's misconduct. The family consists of three children — William, aged three years ; Alice, two years ; and George, seven months. On Thursday William and Alice went to bed as usual with the servant -girl, and the youngest with bis mother. In the morning the servant was awoke by Mrs. Brown being in the room, and she then missed the. child Alice from her bed. She also noticed that the face of William looked very white, and on touching it found it" was cold. She remarked the fact- to the mother, who replied that Alice was just the same. The girl went into her mistress's bedroom, and found Alice and George dead. Brown went to a doctor's and stated that he believed that his children were dead. Information was given to the police, and they found the bodies in the bed as previously mentioned ; the deaths ap peared to have been perfectly calm. There were no signs of vomiting or convulsions. The house has been searched, but no clue has yet been found to the ingredient the children were poisoned with. Brown and his wife are in custody. There was a great gathering of biscyclists on Saturday at Hampton Court, the occasion being the third annual meet of the clubs, of the Home Circut. .There was thirteen hundred machines , on the ground, the number last year being six hundred and seven.' The business of the day was a procession in double file of the various clubs, which took place in the presence of a large body of spectators. " Nurserymen usually describe trees on their catalogues as " second-class," " medium," ,s first-class," und "extra." The difference in these classes is principally, if not wholly, in the size of the trees ; and as most farmers desire the best, they suppose that the large "extra" trees merit their description, and hence order them. The fact is, however, that a small tree will grow; faster, and (if a fruit- tree) come into bearing condition sooner than a larger one ; and as the " New England Homestead" states, in half-a-dozen years the tree that was small when planted will be larger and finer than the other. The larger the tree the larger the roots which- it has, and the larger the roots the less fibres there will be upon them. A tree that has plenty of fibrous roots will grow readily if pro per care is used in transportation ; but no amount of skill can coax a tree to live and flonrish which, is destitute of these little fibres. The roots of large trees are always more or less mutilated in the process of taking up, while the small trees sustain little injuiy from this source. Dealers in trees assert that experience men buy small thrifty trees, while those who are just starting are anxious fer the largest to be had. Those who are to set trees the coming season will do well to learn from the experience of those who, at considerable loss to them selves, have demonstrated that small trees arc the. ones to buy. The (coroner's inquiiy into the death of Mrs. Harriet Staunton was brought to a close at Penge on Saturday, when the jmy, after an hour's deliberation, returned a verdict of wilful murder" against Loui'b Stauton, Patrick 8taunton, his wife, and Alice Rhodes. These four persons surrendered to the police in the course of the evening. A memorandum has been sent to the Powers by the, Roumanian Government explaining the circumstances which have induced it to assume its present hostile attitude towards the Porte. The memorandum throws upon the. Turkish Government the entire responsibility- of the rapture which has occurred. ... Mb." William Andrews, Fellow of the Royal Historical Society, have intimated their inten tion of claiming the flitch of bacon at Dunmow, Essex, this year. Arrangements are in progress for celebrating the ancient festival, in July. Mr. Andrews presided at last year's festival, and is said to be engaged in writing a history of the quaint costom. A telephone concert is reported to have taken place lately in Steinway Hall. New York, the performere being in Philadelphia. Unfor tunately, owing to a heavy rain, nearly one- third of the working force of the electric battery escaped, and the concert was not, therefore, a complete success, which was a great disappointr ment to all present, inasmuch as two evenings previously the sweetest melodies had been trans mitted from Philadelphia by wire. The audience however, although warned that, owing to the hoarseness of the wires, they would " scarcely hear the echo of an echo," were so desirous to test the wonders of the new discovery, that an attempt was made to satisfy them, and " Home sweet Home " was rendered softly and slowly on the telephone by Mr. Boscovitz at Philadel phia. Notwithstanding the afflicted condition of the wires, every note could be heard distinctly all over the hall : but the higher notes, which had on a former occasion sounded forth loud and clear, were hut a whisper in comparison- like the desperace efforts of a broken voice to reach a high range. The applause was enthns-. iastic, and there was an immense clapping of hands when the song, " Then you'll remember me," from the Bohemian Girl, was sung through the wires, although the higher notes were al most inaudible. " Yankee Doodle " and " God save the Queen " were encored, and, but for the storm, the entire concert, it is stated, "would doubtless have been one of the most remarkable on record." Some time since a girl, who had been courted by a young man, named Taylor, at Wick, emi grated to Australia to better her position, but was induced under a promise of marriage to return home. After considerable delay Taylor refused to marry her, whereupon she brought an action for breach of promise, obtaining a verdict with £500 damages. Failing to pay this sum Tay lor was committed to prison. Last week (says the Times of May 30) he petitioned the Sheriff's Court at Wick for an order that the plaintiff should contribute to. his maintenance. The application was granted. So that, besides pay ing her own costs and obtaining no remedy, the plaintiff must now pay a weekly sum to keep her perjured lover, or he will he released. Messrs. Finzel anc Sons, of Bristol, who own the largest sugar refinery in the world, but whose trade has been ruined by the French bounty system, have placed their affairs in the hands of their creditors. The liabilities are estimated at half-a-million of which £200,000 is owing to a Bristol bank, and a similar amount to a local firm of sugar brokers. An arrangement is considered probable. Mr. Buskin's case is another illustration of the truth of the saying that men of genius ought not to be entrusted with money. His father left him £120,000, besides some valuable pictures and property at Heme Hill, Denmark Hill, and Greenwich. He sold the pictures, bought Brankwood, spent £15,000 on harness and stabling, helped his poor relations to the amount of £32,000, and has since spent about £84,000, to use his own expression, "variously." He estimates that , he is now worth about £50,000 ; hut he intends disposing of all his property with the exception of £12,000, upon the interest "of which he means either to live or die. With such expensive tastes and costly fancies as those indulged in by the gifted author of the " Stones of Venice," £400 to £500 a year will be hut a starvation allowance. The New York Weehly is responsible for the following: — "A very remarkable circumstance, is related as occnring to Mr. T. T. Cook, who has two brothers living in Minnesota. The gentleman referred to was a Union soldier, and while engaged in a fight with Morgan's raiders, at Cyrithia.ua,. Ky., on the 11th of June,- 1864, received a wound in the left eye, by which that organ was destroyed. . The wound was never carefully examined, the surgeons thinking it was made by a splinter or spent shot. The wound never healed, and has proved a great annoyance to Mr, Cook. But last Thanksgiving Mofning, while at Daniel Floch's in West Shenango, Penn., a Minie ball dropped out of his eye, followed by a purulent discharge. The ball weighed 1 1-3 ouuees, and has lain im bedded in the skull, near the eye, for twelve years five months and eighteen days. A Mr. Recordon has just invented, in Switzer-' land, a most ingenious printing.' apparatus for the use of the blind. It consists of a metal plate pierced with little holes, arranged in parallel lines. These holes the blind operator fills with, little steel pins, forming any letter he pleases. When the page is filled, a sheet of thick paper is placed over it, and a moderate pressure in a simple press results in an impres sion in relief, which is perfectly legible. This invention will shortly be employed in the publi cation at Geneva of a "Newspaper for the Blind." The editor in chief and,all his assist ants have been blind from birth. The sheet will be devoted to advertising and finances. The laconic is in great favour with Trans atlantic journalists, who have a knack of mak ing fun oflt of very serious matters. For ex ample : — A circus rider in TexaB, tried to turn three somersaults on horseback : the manager sent to New Orleans the following day for another somersault man. — A man warned his wife, in New Orleans, not to light the fire with kerosene ; her clothes fit his second wife, remarkably well. — Few men would attempt to put powder in the kitchen stove ; a man in Canada did. His afflcted family would be glad of any in formation as to his whereabouts. — -A boy in Detroit disregarded bis mother's warning not to skate on the river, as the ice was thin ;, his mother don't have to cook for so many as she did by one. — In Massachusetts, a man thought he could cross the line in advance of the loco motive ; the services at the grave were impres sive. Were this style of reporting to become naturalised here, the penny-a-liner's vocation would be gone ; suicides "might cease to be everyday occurrences if they were! chronicled thus:— John Smith of New York, revolver. Anne Jones of New Jersey, laudanum. G. Jenkins, of Philadelphia, third-storey window. The Cologne Gazette has stated that the Russian Government has been promised " the benevolent neutrality of Germany on condition, that Russia makes no terrtorial acuisition in Europe." How this may be we know not ; but, whether any formal promise of the kind has been made or not, we have very little doubt indeed that this para graph accurately discribes the attitude of the German Government towards Russia. Germany will doubtless remain neutral "on condition that Russia makes no territorial acquisition — in Europe." What she may do in Asia is no con cern of Germany, aiid this Russia haB, no doubt, been given to understand. If she likes to em broil herself with England, that is her affair ; or if England chooses to shilly-shally until Russian conquests in Asia Minor'are completed, that is her affair. In either case, Germany can afford to wait and watch the cat and the chestnuts That, indeed, seems to us the planest reading of the presant situation. Russia is moving as slowly in Europe as she is moving quickly in Asia. On the Danube, says a correspondent of the Times, the Russians are " behaving verv quietly," and apparently desirous of giving the Turks time to reflect. No time is given them, or us, to reflect in Asia Minor. And yet we are daily assured by certain of our mentors in the Press that we, at least, need not begin to move till Germany and Austria show signs of alarm. A lady of title whose amusements have for some time lain in the direction of Spiritualism, and who is doing what she can to bring an English princess over to the new creed, has de termined on her own behalf to investigate the new ghost business which is' being done at South Kensington. There is a house in the neighbourhood wherein for many months bells have been rung and furniture has been moved with no visible hand to produce " the pnenomena." She thinks it's "the spirits" and she is going to try them — not, however, their theological character, only their real exist ence. The most absolute test conditions are to be imposed. The catastrophe at Pontypridd Colliery has (remarks the British Medical Journal ) drawn attention to the length of time during which life may be prolonged in the absence of food and. drink. The possible duration. of life after con> plete deprivation of food and drink is yefyj variable and may he slated in general tefins to be from five to eight days. Authentic instances are," however, on record in which life has been prolonged much beyond this period, in persons who were so situated as not to suffer from cold,' which the system under this condition has very little power to resist, lii these, cases, also, there was no muscular exertion, and water was very generally taken in abundance. All these circumstances have an important influence, in prolonging life. In the Earl of Dudley's Locks. Lane Pir, Wallows Colliery, Brierley Hill, Staffordshire, on March 16, 1869, thirteen miners (ten men and three boys) were, in consequence of a sudden irruption of water, incarcerated in the mine for one hundred and twenty, hours without food or light, and practically without water also, as that causing the inundation was of such a very noxious character that the poor men could not drink it. The whole of the men were saved except one, who died frantic. Another instance of eight miners, who survived after five days and sixteen hours of almost com plete deprivation of food, is also on_ record. Berard quotes the example of a convict who died of starvation after sixty-three days, but in this case water whs taken. The National Live Stock Journal says that the cardinal maxim in breeding horses, as in all other classes of livestock, and hliman beings as well, is that "like produces like and that the longer the line of ancestry uniformly noted for excellence in any particular direction, the more certain is there that this excellence will be transmitted. Again, it must .be born in mind" that all animals equally well bred, and possess ing, to all appearance, equal individual excel lence, are not equally prepotent as sirC&t; and ' when a horse has proven himselt successful in the stud, he is always to be preferredXto one wholly untried. The Inman Company's splendid steamer-City of Berlin, 3500 toils, and 800 horse power, sailed from New' York on the 28th' of April, and has not since been heaTd of nor even sighted after passing Sandy Hook. She was specially chartered to carry from America to Havre de Grace a distinguished company of pilgrims who were going to assist at the ceremony of the jubilee of the Holy Father Pius IX. on the 3rd June last, on the occasion of the -fifteenth anniversary , of his episcopal consecration. Among the number who are . supposed to be lost were the remaining two delegates frotn his Eminence Cardinal M'Closkey to the Pope, the Rev.- J. F. Kearney, pastor of the Cathedral, and the Rev. John Edwards, pastor of the -Church of. the. Immaculate Conception/ New Orleans. The Rev. Dr. M'Glyun was at the. head of the delegation.. The two rev. gentle men named above took with them an address from; the clergy of their diocese to the Pontiff and 50,000 dollars in gold a present to him from the laity of the diocese. They also took with them a special address from the Temperance Society attached to the Cathedral, and a gift of 2000 dollars in gold from the same society to the Holy Father. According to'the New York: World, when giving an account of the depar ture of this splendid but ill-fated vessel, and of those who were on board, it says : — ".Of the prelates were the Right Rev. Caspian H. Bor- gess, Bishop of Detroit, who takes with him a goodly sum from his diocese ns a gift to the Pope; his secretary and Vicar-General of the diocese of Detriot, the Rev. H.-J. H. Schutjes ; Right Rev. F. X. Krautbauer, D.D., Bishop of Green Bay, Wisconsin, who also takes a hand-- some present to the Pope in gold from his diocese; his councillor the Rev. Louis Lemaige; .Right Rev. Rupert Seidenbush, D.D., -jG.S.B., Bishop of \Halia - in part, infid , and Viear- Adostolic of Northern Minnosota, raised from Prior to the Benedictine Abbey in Westmore land county to his present See, and this is his first visit to Rome ; St. Cloud, Minnesota, is the seat of his charge. Also the Right Rev. Alexius Edelbrock, O.S.B.,, Abbot of the Benedictine Abbey of. St.- Louis on- the Lake, in Stearne county, Minnesota. This young man is a gra duate of the abbey of his order in Westmore land county, and this is his first visit to Romet He is sprung of an old pioneer family of his native state, and when first appointed to found an abbey in the barren wilderness, where now stands a beautiful monument of his zeal, he set to work in the blue denini clothes of his earlier days, and with his axe led the line of tree- fcllers. He is six feet in his stockings and a giant in strength. . The Rev. Jerlemiah J. Griffin, pastor of the Church of the Annuncia tion, is one of the party." — Such is a list of some of. the noble names of the true Catholics who sailed away from New York, on the 28th of April in the City of Berlin, a steamship likelier sister ship, the City of Boston, belonging to the same company, which some twelve years", ago sailed from the harbour of Halifax with 237 soul 8, and has not since been heard of. Temple Bey, nephew to the Bishop of Exeter, and physician to the Sultan, has been sumiharily ordered to Batoum, or to quit the Sultan's service altogether, for informing him that many of the shells fired by his. troops . on the Danube con- : tained no powder. The Berlin Post says that it learns from a trustworthy quarter that the insinuation of sbme: newspapers that Prince Bismark contemplates an alteration in the policy relating to Church affairs hitherto followed by him, is devoid-of all foundation. The Imperial Chancellor,-.; on the contrary, informed a distinguished personage a short time ago in express terms that, whether well or ill, he would again resume his official duties if at any time a serious attempt were-to - be made to. introduce a change of system and the change in the personnel of the Government which would necessarily be entailed thereby in the domain of ecclesiastical affairs. An amusing incident occurred at . StokV Church, Davenport, on Wednesday morning, May 23. The Rev. J. Hector de CourcelIes,tlje curate, was officiating, at a wedding, and .when he asked for the ring it was missiug. : The- bridegroorn declared that the bride had it ; the,: bride said the contrary. The service; was;. stopped ; both turned out their pockets, and meanwhile- the bridegroom rated the bride somewhat soundly for her alleged carelessness, while the bride persisted that she had given the; ring previously to the bridegroom, -and th'at-hB!" must have lost it. Mr. de Courcelles hnd.no ring on, nor had one in the church, and bride, and bridegroom departed to the church porch— the one grumbling and the other scoldirig lo- look for tlie missing link. At length it struck the clerk that a small ring attached to bis watch- garud, on which hnng a locket, might be- detached and lent for the occasion. It was very 1 small, but it just went on the orthodox finger, ' and the clergyman, therefore, returned to the alter and the two were made man and "wife. Directly they were married, however, the rail ing commenced again, and continued until the ring was found in the bowl of a pipe that was in the man's, pocket. — Western Morning News, I he Queen has been pleased to grant unto John Hume Kennedy, of East Melbourne, in the colony of Victoria, gentleman, eldest son, of James Thomas Kennedy, of East Melbourne aforesaid, gentleman, by Annie, his wife, fourth daughter of John Hennesy Hume, deceased, and sister of Andrew Hume, late of Brocklesby- upon-the-Huine River, and of Collingwood, in the county of King, both in the colony of New South Wales, Esquire, also deceased, her royal licence and authority that lie and his issue may, in compliance with a clause contained in tlie last will and testiment of his maternal uncle, the said Andrew Hume, assume and bear the surname of Hume only, and that he and they may bear the arms of Hume only; such arms being first duly exemplified according to the laws of armB and recorded in the College of Arms, otherwise the said royal licence and per mission to be void and of none effect. And to recommend that the royal concession and de claration to be recorded in Her Majesty s said College of Arms, otherwise to be -void and of .none effect. . , . A. correspondent sends- us -this : Away back ' half a century ago there lived in.Lanesboro a rich old farmer. Then, as now, rich old farmers were the possessors of daughters and sons. And the daughters somehow would have beaux. In the same town lived an industrious young blacksmith, who sought the hand of the only daughter , of the rich old farmer, who by the way, held higher hopes and aspirations for her, and plainly told the young man that be " did not think an anvil and -a piano would sound well together." The blacksmith swallowed the rebuff, and, forestalling Horace Greely's advice by several, yearsj "went West." Meanwhile the daughter had no objectionable suitor, when, she was allowed to marry. Ten years or more she lived happily, when her husband died. Then came years of widowhood and all the sorrows arid trials the. word implies. A consol ing and consblable widower, however, happen ing along, she was again married. Another decade of happy wedded life, and she was- again left a widow. It was-tlieu she returned- to the paternal roof ; and after a few years her father followed, the two husbands. Now was the first lovers's opportunity. Within thepre- serit'year, the young blacksmith, having nearly reached trie age of three-score and ten, while on a visit to Eastern friends, learned the- situation, renewed his .suit and was accepted. And now there is only perfect harmony inthe "Anvil Chorus" in which they both join.— Springfield Republican. English people, fond of extraordinary exiiibi- Xtion8 will 8oori be able to satisfy their taste. A mail called Claude Tremont, who travaille now Place du Trone, and has attracted a good many 'Parisian people, will come over to England next .month. He has tamed for the last twelve years hi spider,- which is now' a gagne pain to him. The performance takes place as follows A handkerchief covers a large glass case. When the ipan takes off the handkerchief the specta tors may see the Bpider motionless, and twelve .flies (each on- every, hour of the dial). , Anyone of the spectators may name any hour; Claude- repeats the question to the spider who imme diately rushes to the place indicated, and swal lows the unfortunate insect. The game goes on in the same way till the twelve flies have been devoured. " Poilotte" (such is the name of the wonderful spider) never makes mistakes. There is something extremely pleasing and intellectual in the idea. The Berlin correspondent of the Times states that 200,000 German colonists in Southern Russia have determined to emigrate to Brazil, and other parts of America, to avoid being placed under Russian courts of law and drafted into the Russian arm'. Though they and their ancestors have been in Russia over 100. years, and will be impoverished by emigration, the abolition of their privileges, in consequence of the incessant demands of the National party, has sufficed to drive them away. The immigra tion has already begun. Mb. T. Whitburn has invented a mostingeni-' oils process of transferring artistic designs to wood for she decoration of houses and, furniture. It is called Xylography, and some specimens of the work produced by its aid at Milford, near Goda'ming. Surrey, are now being exhibited at 4, Lidgati -circus-buildings. The pigments used are applicable to any soft wood. The designs now being shown have been printed upon American pine. A' very solid body of colour is produced, the patterns are clear crit and exact, there is no blurring, and the only improvement that occurs as desirable is a little moj e care where the two blocks join. Arabesques, tile-patterns, arid the quaint devices which in architecture are humorously called flowers are printed with movable blocks, which can be collected together in an infinite variety of ways.1 The complete series; or group forms the orna ment of a door-panel, the Bkirting for a room or a ceiling, a frie .e or a border for any purpose, a line of decoration for the wall of a corridor. The method is very suitable for application to furniture, desks, workboxes, in cases. where the expense o£ inlaying iV prohibitive, and perhaps it is by this means that, (as it is a cheap pro cess) it will ultimately become vulgarised. At present, the results of the disposition of brown, black, russet, green, and grey-blue stains on sallow pine-wood are agreeable " from novelty as well as from the taste with which the patterns have been arranged. A door can by xylography be decorated in six panels, at the cost of a guinea and a-half, in permanent colours, with. refined and intricate patterns, such as have hitherto been chiefly seen in the tail pieces of gift-books. Most of the slabs are printed in one coloilr and by one impression, but tint can be applied over tint iu' exactly the same manner as in chromolithography. The commencement of the process is to draw on wood or on paper, from wliich the design is transferred to wood.. The design is then en graved, or repoduced in zinc by a well-known method. An electrotype cast is taken from the wocdcut of, zinc-plate, and the smooth slabs of wood exhibited are printed from the electrotype under a regulated pressure, and with pigments especial! prepared. On a near inspection it will be observed that the. wood where the pattern is has been slightly indented by the process. There is no outside film or colour"; the dye has penetrated the wood. To preserve the material .and enrich it, the French polisher is called in, or (and. this method appears better) the whole of the wood is covered with a fluid enamel, which may be applied by an inex perienced person with a brush, and is service- .able for protecting any neighbouring pieces of metal, as well as the. wood. The wood can be scrubbed, washed, and even sand-papered, with out destroying the patteirn. The prophecy has been hazarded that if the new method of wood cutting becomes generally adopted we Bhall see the same interior decorations in every bouse we visit; But the forecast rests upon a misappre hension. Xylography depends upon printing with moveable blocks, and by placing different patterns side by side the effect of the whole may be varied at will. The Birmingham Post says that Messrs. G. B. Thorney croft, of the Shrubery Ironworks, Wolverhampton, have -determined to .offer for :'sole, by private contract, all their establishments 'in Staffordshire, consisting of iron and coal mines arid blast furnaces at Bradley, and their mills pand forges at Wolverhariipton. All the em ployees at Wolverhampton works are under _notice to-leave on the 30 of June, and such a course -haB resulted from the depressed condition of trade.' The correspondent of the Daily Newe, writ ing from Bucharest on May 13, says : — " Society here underwent art agreeable surprise yesterday morning when contemplating the march through the outskirts of Bucharest of another splendid Russian cavalry brigade. A rogiment of Hussers was led by a. voung Russian, lady wearing the full uniform of the regiment, and mounted on a magnificent charger. I am told it was the Princess Demidoff, daughter of the hoiiary colonel and proprietor of the regi ment, who spends:£10,000 a-year upon it. No crack Russian heavy cavalry I have ever seen is so well mounted, the horses averaging six teen hands, comprising chestnuts; whites, browns and bays respectively. The squadrons have extremely powerful animals. The men are un commonly heavy for Hussars, but are a very fine regiment. The Don Cossacks made an especial impression on the fair spectators by reason of the extraordinary good looks of the men, who are mostly fair, have classically regular features, and fine athletic figures. They have the quaintest imaginable wild tnusic, con sisting only, of cymbals and bird whistles, ac companying a- choir of about thirty singers chanting sad unreasonable aire, -but in good tune and' harmony." Although- General Moltke's name has become almost a household word, his general history is but little kiioMril. By birth a Dane, the Field- Marshall was one of the most active agents in dismembering his native country; He entered the militaiy: Berviee of Prussia in 1824 ; ant though a gentleman by birth he had no fortllrie and he remained for some years unnoticed in the lower ranks of the service. He wasat length sent to the East to organise the T urkish ariny, arid his letters whilst there to his sister, who had married an English- gentleman, Mr. Bate, showed his keen powers of .observation and his forcible manner of expression. After a vigorous campaign Moltke retired to his -sister s house in Holstein for repose. Here he riifet his. future bride in his sister's step-daughter, a young girl not 16, who had already fallen head- over- ears in love with the hero, on account of his charming letters. Moltke was over'40, but the girl's love was soon returned, and when she died, in 1868, the joy of life for him was over. He buried his young wife at his estate- m Silesia, and on the white marble of her tomb is written in black letters the touching epitaph, "Love is the fulfillment of ' the law." Two years latter Moltke. was fighting in France, arid seemed cold, hard, and taciturn. He was ajp- pointed General-in-Chief of the Prussian ariny in 1856, and since that he has ever been study ing the military -progress and manoeuvres of other nations. He was at the Exhibition of Paris in 1867; but he was not intent upon ple- snre only. He wandered about the city, he visited Mount Valerien, and could never pass a gun without examining it. He took mental notes/and when:. the war came he was ready. Moltke's face is dry, and seamed witli innumer able wrinkles. The mouth shows marvellous determination and force ; there is a sarcastic ex pression upon it, and they say that he buried his laugh with his wife. Three deep folds across his forehead show the lines of thought and care. His nose is large and shapely, and his glance is now keen, now thoughtful, and now meditative. During this last winter be might often have been seen in his solitary measured walk Unter den Linden. Iu the morning he would review his troops. In the summer he, as Cavour did, becomes a gentleman. The police received information on Monday cf a terrible accident having happened on the previous Saturday, whereby two lives were lost. It appears that a man named George' Webb was driving a bullock team on the Brooya road and that in the dray were seated Mrs. Long and her two children, aged, respectively four years/and one year and nine months. When crossing Wide Bay Creek, about seven miles from Kilki- van, one wheel of the dray came in contact with a etuinp and capsized. Mrs. Long and the youngest child were killed instantaneously, the whole -weight of the vehicle falling upon them. The other child escaped unhurt. The bodies were conveyed to Messrs. -Mack ay Brother's Hotel at Kilkivan, and a magisterial inquiry as to the cause of the accident will be held. It is hardly necessary to add that great sympathy is felt for the bereaved husband — Dr. Long — Wide Bay News, The Philadelphia Ledger snys: — "Mr. Dar win, in writing on the 'Absence of White Colour in Animals, , mentions that a poisonous plant growing in Virginia which kills white- haired swine, but does not kill those with black hair. Dr. Ogle says, in explanation of this fact, there is no evidence that the black swine eat the plant/ and that, as. a matter of fact, the white swine, because they are.not sup plied with a certain black pigment necessary, to the possession of taste and smell, are dificient in both tastes, and are therefore unable to discrim inate- between poisonous and non-poisonous plants. They therefore .eat poisonous plants- which the black pigs, with better, taste, refuse to eat. A correspondent of the Scientific American writes to say that he "does not know "anything about the effects of poisonous plants on the , pigs in Virginia, but that there is a plant in Forida upon which black pig? fatten, while those -with white hoofs/ after eating it become lame, and their hoofs . drop off. He', says that ' if a. hog has three black hoofs and one white,' the white one will fall off, ' .and leaves us to conclude that the black hoofs will stay on. These hog stories have now advanced, far enough to make it worth while for some one to make very sure of the facts before under- taxing to explain them." 