PRIMITIVE METHODIST OHUROH, MOUNT 0AMBXER. Tho anniversary sorvices of tlio abovo church woro contimiod on Wednesday, tho 18th. by a tea and public mooting, both of which wore very numerously attended; more numerously than on any previous occasion iu tho history of tho churoh. Tlio meeting wa3 commencod with praise and prayer, after which tlio choir snug in a very spiritou manner " Hore again we meet you." Mr. J. l'\ Jones was then introduced as tho Chairman of tho mcoting: having been appointed to that position by tho Trustees. , ^.ftor a low humorous aud woll chosen romatk'Sj ho called upon ^ Tho ltev. T. Jarrott, pastor of tlio church, to give tho iiitnitci.il statement, which showed that tho income for tho past year amounted to £lii (is. 6d,, and tho expondituro £lGo lis. 4d. while £00 had beon paid off tho debt during tho year. Tho finances wore considered as boiug in u healthy state. Tho choir then sang " Tliiuo, 0 Lord, is tho grcatnoss." Tlio Rev. 0. Tresiso, of Millieoiit, was called upon to address tho mooting. Ho expressed hiuisolf as being highly ploasod to bo present, and to take part iu tho meeting. IIo had boon delighted with what ho had witnessed iu Mount Gamble? that day in? connection with tho laying of tho foundation etonc3 of tho now post'ojflco and Government school, and ho had como to that nwefciug to express liio sympathy with tho I'flmitSvo Mothoimt Church and its pnstoy. Ho navo en intei^Uig npoount of )iis wovlc at MilliDont, vofoning to bouio very remarkable conversions which lind takou placo during tho past six worths. IIo said tho groat want of all tho churches won a richer baptism of fcho lloly Ghost, and which lis bolioved it was their duty and privilego to pray for and realise.' He urged those betofo |||m to {itfjvo nftoy f)moro vifqt Obrjsti(inity, and individually ni(d pollep tivoly to dovotp thoi)i£iolvc3 n)oro fully to tho work of soul sfiyin^. Another anthem " Hearken unto we," was then sung, by tho choir. . : Tho liev. J. Goodwin next delivered au ex cellont flpoeeh, _ which was woll recoivod. IIo congratulated his Mount Gamhior friends on tho successful anniversary services they wero hold ing. as also on the great event of tlio day-^-tho toying of tho foundation atones of tho new public school and post-o(lice. Ho said ovpry publlo meotijig was of a representative character. Tito Parliament IIouso represented nian in his political > relations,6 Tho Exchange represented man iu commercial and international relations. Tho geological musoum represented man in his relations to tho globe, postdiluvian and ante diluvian. Tho prison, with its spiked walls, iron bars, and gloomy cells, represented man in his relations to law. Tho transgression of which coat his liberty, and in somo instaiicos his life. Tlie public school represented imui in re lation to education for tlio positions of business, vespoiiiiibilitv, and trust in tho world. But tho church, tho*:clmpol( tlio saiiotmvry represented snan, in his. relation to God, his oyoator, redeemer, and BmictiJlor. All other' public buildings had lossons to teach,, but they related to this ? lifo ehiciiy; but tlio leusona and suggestions of tlio ennetuury appertained to Ctod and to u miblimo hereafter. Everything iu that building carried thorn to things not Been, and consequently thero wero olemonts of interest mid grandeur and uiblimity in a uanctuary liowovOr small in size or poriahablo in material, which could not bo found in any of tho vast and beautiful buildiugj that uvo erected for tho pur ports of this Jifu, Man was.', by ndcep.neceiisHy of his nature, u religious being j ho must luwo aoiito cort of religion, uiid, in the abcQtico of tho truo one, iiuiformly fabricated to' , hiuitolf <i falue one. Nothing short of religion could tncet tho requirements of liia itiuor nature, or nwukoh withm him a response to tho end of liia being. !!«? was unbleat when blest tho most with earthly folioity, if religion wero loft out, of, his cup: aud if this bo iu it ho fools hiiusolf supremely happy, v-'lmtovov pko lio jnay bo deprived of. Mon wan born to trouble ns tho p.parlts llv upwards, and to smooth mi much as possible nis rugged path had been tho aini of tho benevolent in every ago, but religion had dono move thnn they all. Ho said their object in that meeting was to awaken such thoughts and feel irigd, euoli aspirations end purposes, as would loa'd each otio present to realise a higher spiritual life, an iutaiser lovo to Cjhriot, and a,fuller con« Becrutifih to His cau^o. In thoir being spayed to , meofe thoro on that occasion thoto seemed to bo !a& e'|)jK5al !ta thole gmtitmJ®, to their pro|e^cnl love to the Master, and to tho boiibo of their duty and responsibility as the, followers ' of Cln'iat. Tho-epcakor also dwelt on tho reflex bonefifs of Christian eorvico, (pointing out that moroy is tvvioo blest-it blc^uth liiui that j'/ivea and him 'that tukesj nr.d ftflinniug 4thut tho man who ? Btanda by Christ's causo chall find Christ; will ataull'hy him. Ho concluded vitli an earnest appeal to the,congregation for a liberal collection iu, aid, of tho trust funds, $vliich was heartily responded to. . j . . After another piece by the choir, " Who'JI be tho.ijext," a very cordial vote; of tbaiika vp.s passed to tho JsidicB, tho choir, ana tho ininistofB, and the irte'etitig 'closed with tho doxology'aud, beiicdictioiii" ' ' ' J'' ' : '' Tho-'proceeds of tho annlvemry 'Wove "aaSjlaJ' factory, amoimtlnfl'to <6421 1 . > ' . f. : 