barossa mtnin® news. 'Lu-T Auc« Compaht.— The following is the manager's report, dated March 33: — ' In taking possession of the mine as mana ger on Tuesday, the 13th inat., I found tbe shaft sunk on course of the lode 108 foet in depth from, the 160-feet level, also w.inz$ sunk at bottom, of the 160-feet level, and HO feet south of crosscut, to a depth of 44. feet 6 in. The HXfc-foet level south^of crosscut is in a distance of 290 feet from the crosscut and tk,e north end at same level is in r -fes Unce of 32pt feat 6 in. A,t 336, f-y» from crosscut ia this end a nice branch of yurple ore is running into footwall of lode. ..A xtroze. has been aunk from, the |po feet t-j the-460 feet level and 140 feet north of crosscut, and I End at about fH feet from the 100 feet; level the lode is looking well for gold and copper, and ia about 17 feet in depth,, and from. 13 to lOt feet wide. Thia ahoot ia. dipping south and appears to. be the same as passed tujmugh in the 160 feet level at about 196. foet from oroaaeat* and is no doubt die same as cti at the bottom of the underlay shaft. The winse at bottom. q£ 160 feet le/el also shows good ore- gold for about 90 feet, after which the lode has been- left under foot. The lode from tho 160. foet level down to the bottom of underlavutg is. showing a, great improvement, the whole distance being more defined than anything met within, the mine, carrying good purple ore and stone that J. believe wiU crush from four dwta., to. half an ounce o£ gold to the toa. I would recommend thia shaft be carried through to the surfaoe-oa course of lode with ee little delay as poasidle, to enable the winding from the underlay shaft to be done more expecKtioasly and eoonomically than, at present. Tbte wouid oecaaioa the tvuiVTOi wi vuo w.aa«\jLtu|^ cu^iu,d aif VUIJa SlUall coat, as the steam from tho boilers could be used the same as at. present,. By adopting tbissy8tem I have no hesitation, in. saying there would be at least 12 months' crushing of payable ground in sight. I bajre started battery, working only 15 head about )6tJipurs; per day, and am, taking dirt from slopes north of Goddard's shaft, between the 50 and 100 feet level, and same from, south end, at tbe bottom, of 160 feet level distance from, dross out 153 fcefc. Thb Kainfai.l registered in Gawler from 10 a.m. last Friday to 9 a.m, this morninc (Thursday) was 3*610 inches. Goo» Nbw» if Tbu*.— -It is ninjorcd'that the tender of Messrs* Jas. Martin & Co., for the supply of a. large number of railway trucks tor 'the South Australian Railways, has bean accepted bv. the Government. TK.'o will no doubt be hailed with satisfaction by the shopkeeper? and trading; community, of Gawler in general, as it will tfo the means- of distributing between £30,000 and £40;000 Amongst us. There may be some slight amount of profit to the above firm, but by far the greatest amount will go. among the mechanics and working oJassee. ODCPBLLOYTgaiP, M*SCBXttKti TTKITr.— - At the Adelaide Annual District Meeting of the above, held on. Tuesday,, the 28th. Map h, P.O. £. Lane, of the Gawler Lodge, ..as duty, elected and ihstalted as Deputy Grand Master of the Adelaide District. DjG.M. line's, connnetinn with Hi« ^anlno t^ji~~ and his assiduovs endeavors for many years past to advance its interests, rendeo him. well qualified to further advance the progress of this important aod oaetul institution* Gi.\TLBtt Public Sc*-ob.— It has been decided by the Corporation to lay thefounda t on stone of the new school on Thursday fie 12th instant, by His Worship the Mayor. .Tamos Martin, Ksq,, J.P., His Excellency the Governor is expected to be present at the ceremony, also the members of. tbe Ministry aad Council of Education. The various Friendiv Societies in the fawn. \i»w» Iu-a« invited to assist in celebrating toe event, and the varioos business establishments are expected to elose in the afternoon and make a half holiday on tbe occusionw We wHMto able to give further particulars next week, when the arrangements are more matured. Cbickbt.— The match between the Beeves Plains and Gawler cluha did not come off last Saturday, owing to the Park Lands ?ei ?« under water from the fete heavy rains. Whilst on cricket we might mention that the Gawler club will plav the Sussex in AHelniA* to-morroflr (Good: Friday), and on £s*ter M*-&- cay they try conclusions with the Angastons on our Park Lands Two close^matchec are anticipated ; we wish our club better luck than they tare h*} io their last two matches. ' JThs European mail arrived at Glenelg this afternoon. It is reported that there was a 'tese of* smallpox on. board, and that the patient waa put on shore at King George's Sound. It is rumored in Adelaide that all passengers will be quarantined for twenty-one days, bat «s we are jnat going to press we cannot give further particulars. FjssTrvrrrBS tx Tutundav—On Eistbb Monday a variety of sjwrtg, including rifle shooting for the Kingship, is to take place u Mr. J. Fisoher'a garden. A- concert and bail is to ha held in the evening. Should the weather prove favorable there will be a good ?many visitors from Gawler, who generally pay that, village a yearly visit. . Barossa Gold Field. — A pic-nic was held by the friends and scholars of the Barossa Baptist Sunday School on Wednesday, the 2ist iast,, near th- Qld. Pound ou the Wil liamstown rond, when !a very pleasant day -was -spent. This sehool was-started about three months ago by Mr. Samuel Thomas of Lyndoch Valley, with 24 chUdfen, and jiow^axeraguat^oXLthe books; its average ?attendance being 28, the highest cumber being $7. A suitable building is required for conducting the school and the^seryip© that IoHows. Therahove statement sbovrs tbe want ota day school in this considered deserted place. Thb Nbw Qf pices of ths AtrsTEAius ^ctuai. JPbotivbkT' ^Socmbtv. — We have received from the resident Secretary in Adelaide, a fine lithograph of the elevation of the new offices of the above society about to be erectod in Sydney. The new building, which has a frontage of 99 feet to Pitt-street, ? 61 feet to Boni-atrett, and 101 feet to Ham ilton-street, is to be built of the best Pyrmont stone. The design is in what is known as the renaissance op revived It^liaQ style of architecture, treated in the Venetian rather than in the Roman sehool of that style. Tbe large haU- fe* public busisess will be an apartment 69 feet deep by 51 feet 6 inches wide and 91 feet high,, lighted by windows front and back* and intersected bjr a row of Corinthian columns near its centre* so dis posed as to. form a kind of semi-screen be tween, the public space and that devoted to the clerical staff. The contract for the construction of the foundation was taken by 'Mr. Loveridge in March, 1875, and tin j por tion of the work has Ifeoen most satisfactorily completed. The contract for the completion of the building has been tnkea by Mr. Hugh &f;'M*8ter, the ironwork l«ein# supplied bj Mort'a Dock and Engineering Company. Including* the work already completed, the contracts now in operation, and all other ex penses, the cost of the baildids will amount AsBrvix op toe GovBRNouj—Ilis Excel lency Sir W. W, Cairn*. C.:.I.G,. arrived at I Gienelg on Saturday afternoon hist in the mail steamer As.-»m shortly after 3. o'clock, 1 and landed ia the Governor Maseru re. His E?9ellency was received on board tbe yacht by the meuibers of the Miiai-rfrv, rod on landing at Glenelg was presented with an address from the members of the South Aus tralian Yacht Club. The members of tbe Corporation, qf Glenelg aAso presented an addresp. His Excellency, in both oases, %aid he would send an official reply on tUo following Monlay. The vice-regal patty was IVkDVAVAH tVa sVaWfi . latr on AFiiinow *ma**« leaving Gleaelg . shortly ^Fter 3 o»rolock. On , arriving at the Soutk-terrace Station, His Excellency, was received by the Mayor of [Adelaide aid other members oi the City Council. Shortly after 5 o'clock the Gover : nor attended at the Town Hall, and in the presence of a large assemblage of citizens formally assumed his office. His Excellency, .after taking tbe customary oaths, was pre sented with an address by the Mayor of Adelaide on behalf of the City Corporation, to which he received a reply assuring His Worship of his irisk an-i intention to identify himself with tbe best interests of South Aus tralia during his official residence In the celonyv At the -ck-ae of tU& proceedings in the Town Hall His Excellency presided at a meeting ef the Executive Council, at which fivo members were present. A Novel Case-. — The Hamilton Spectator ;ofMarck2t-, says :— ' Decidedly one of the moat novel cutolies that has ever been made : on a cricket ground was that which disposed of Mr. Chandler on Saturday in hia second ; innings at Cavendish. He was batiinff in , splendid form, doing pretty well as ho liked with the bowling* when Captain O'Connor «e»tliim in a slow one. This he got hold of very-well, and sent it away to long on-^a low, -8lammin-jkitl that, b«t for k strange acci dent msut inevitably have been the means of '\'»'K »* uw.ioe score, kjuo ot t-iie- Caven- dish players (Mitchell), »uc was sianding at imid on, made an, attempt to. catch it, but 'missed, the ball travelling altogether too fast for him to bold it. Suddenly the leathern sphere disappeared, none could toll, where it had gone ; those in tho field, were nonplussed, the spectator* wondered, and the batsmen continued to sun. Then. Mitchell -recovered from the shock he had receivod, felt a lump in the bedy of h\a shirt, put in bis haad, pulled out the ball, and joy ftilly cried 'How's tha.t ?' ' Out 1* said the umpire, and Chandler had to. retire, very crest-fallen ai liia bad luck. The ball struck Mitchell on tlie wrist, ran up his sieere, ripping it np as it went, aud safely lodgeu itself vx the boJv of his shirt. . ? . Bifkb Practic3.--.T1mj vaembevs cf the Tempters Kiue club, met for p;aetice at the rangM at Templew. qa Wednesday the 23th instant. Captain, G. Thomson acted as captain, of tha field. Some very good shooting was dono as w.ill be seea by ' ^u8^01?* -,ThTao »emo«rsof the Gawler club fired with them at three of the ranges Great interest is being taken at the present time for practice, so that the members mnV haveashovst the forthcorainir mat-vh,*ii Adelaido, and. the hope is that the northern , awn will be as successfsl this year as tbev were last. IV following ore the scores :—- i i 20O T . 300 J,. rr . ^u TarilB Y«r-ls T'^ S^Pt-TbomWtt ,„ 458243—30 SJ3483— 16 X. Wake- ? 644545— 27 344324—20 J. iJi-f.W ... ... 288451— 19- 204222—12 Jos^h Lawaou ..* 4Z2i23— 15 43*322—16 E. Easterbrook .„ 031323—15 302243—14 JS^field - - ♦2»*3a— ]ft 032424-15 Q. Williame, j». ..„ 4»354»— *2 2204+4—16 in?i . 'Oa ??* »*25S— ^9- S3i«3_19 {? ™aV. ''?' ' *' »l»«ent 232443—18 £?£;«.'* — ?ton* aa?32i-43 C. W. Niquet f.., absent 022432—13 SLCartot .... ... absent 203000— 5 Ynr.ls TtL T*rds TtK OfcH CaptThooMOK 452335— 2i 2333*3— ia 76 M. Wake ... 835256— 2JS. 852321—19 89 J. Barrow .„ 262486— 21 S26O04— 14 6-i Jos. Itiweon..* 620053—15 332443—19 65 HEstorbro^k 4245.'i5— 22 J42454— 24 76 T. Barnfiuld... 022345—18 0032-12— 11 60 G. Williams..... 355000—13 445430 ? 20 7! Jno. UtwBon.:. £35354— 2& 344044—19 82 JMaft'n „, 855434-24 452540-20 C2 A.B,Kot« ,^ 245344^28 542353-31 66 C. W.'Kiytet 442244—20 625202—16 49 E. taster „. 000234- 9 820200— e to ** ? ? ExTRi.OBWKi.RT BalKFikLL !— A. DOt OVeiV intelligent visitor, who came a lontf distance on Thursday last to see Cooper, Bailey, and Co.'* Menagerie and Oircus, was overheard remarking to his confrere that the rainfall in Gawler South that evening was over afoot.and could prove it ! On being questioned it was found that he went by the gauge of his legs, which, being short, we found this was the average depth of water between the Circus and Martin's hotel, as measured by them. He was weather-bound until tbe following Saturday. Good Fhidat — The anniversary of Christ's Passion and death was. from very early times, observed with great solemnity. It was known J .by various names-^' The Day of tho. Cross.' 'The Day of Salvation,' 4e. The day was observed as a aoUun day. and kepi aa a^triot fast— (Christian Antiquities).' In the'seesnd century anniversary commemorations of the Death and Reaurrection ot Christ (Good Friday and Eas»«r D*y). and also of the effusion of th« Holy Ghost on the Day of Pentecost (Whitsuntide) were celebrated. ? Eeoleaiastioal History— Dr, Pinnook. Modern Poaohcax. Chewtia.nity.— U no time before had tbe religion of Jesua Christ a greater influence over the miuda aud heart* of the social leaders of the English people. When such statesmen as Gladstone and the Duke of Argy'e. an* such men who have occupied the woolsack aa Lords Ratherton, Salbourne, and Cairns, bow their strong intellects to the power of the Cross, and lay tb-hr learning and infiaenoe at its feet, we have the best and moat irrejiatiblo apologists for Christianity.— The Bishop of Tasmania. Modern Infidelity — Bishop Butler, in his great work 'The Analogy,' had so successfully detailed the Truth in his day from the as saults on Religion, which we are so familiar within our own that I have been in the habit of recommending it. But the very humblest among us may take his stand upon, and defend his Christianity, by the facts of history. Simple enough, aai convincing i* this witness of tlioao historic facts. The Bible and the Church arj two such facts, the liiafcnriM nf which ate known freia the very beginning. Let u» remember that tho New Testament alone is the collection of twenty-aeroa boos a, aid no theory -ot their origin or composition) a3 has bnen fr) well argued, can be sa philo sophically and critically tnae as the theory of thnr piivfecb genuineness- ani authenticity; and, move than this, the simplest man may know- that the- history of bu own- experience agrees with that of every generation before hint, as it beaT3 witness to the power of the gogpal to meor the varied wants of man. The adaptation of its revelations to the heart aad conscience of the hum in family,, as witnessed by the etparieace of nges. carries with it an argument by which tbe feeblest anl most illiterate can convince the ga- inoayer, and sustain hit faith. I make these remarks be ciuse a spirt of scepticism h.-taoreDt into our popuUr litecaturp, anl into fasltioavble neriodicale. found in our oip.*nlo.fctn-* lik»..i--9 and up jn our drawia^-rootn. tables. Bold and specious »rgtim-mts are used to pnmt the very impossibility of supernatural religion, anl the immutability of national laws. The d.m^er lien in thi?» that our yoath havi nether the ability nor opportunity of exposing them. Yet our whole faith in Christianity, as a nupernatun.1 reliRiun, is iarolve 1 in the Usw*. Let there be eternity in matter, and infinity in space, it you like. But once b'nd the oteraal God by any law superior to Himself- refuse to regard all law as the- expression of Hia aw.n will spread over matter and mind, a- much as mine is orer my- body aad spirit, aud what toUUws t Prayei ia no'hiug more than the wild and frvitle b cry of human pain -, miracles is either a delu sion or a fraud ; Christianity but a dream, and thafResurrectioa of Jeaus Christ the-trr— -ite«t mitacleof ftll,. m.ast be abandoned, ani with the loss of that fo.undation- Btone must go all lite hopes of Hie future, which Christ has breathed into the eceeds of men ; and life and immortality go out with the everlasting silence I must connect mlh this subject the. absence of our men so largely and lamentably from the public worship of Ahuighty God. There are other and more potent causes still. Oar young are too devoted to pleasure ; our men of business are too much engaged with scrip . and ledgers. They say to noli ? ' Be- thou my god ; ' nor do they like to con front the ideal of Curistian duty, which shames their devotion to. the temporal and visible, and 'condemns the questionable practices and worldly spirit of this oornpeti ive and com mercial age. The- unquiet conscience is often too glad to find some shelter under the semi sceptical 8jntimeut3 of writers of science and metaphysics. Mea of higher mental oatib'e are apt to excuse themselves on the. professed , ground that their minds have Ween unsettled by what they read. They are toj fc.usy to examine the subject for themselves; they will, for the pr.asnt at least, keep their ju Igment in suspense ; which often only means that they are glad of the excuse to absent themselves. , from God's House,, and devote themselves in body. soul, and' spirit to money-making, or following tha phantoms of ambition-, until tb.t?y are aro se I — it may be too late — by a voice that cries, ?' Verily, there is a God that ju Igeth in the earth.'— The Bishop of Tasmania. 