MISCELLANEOUS. THE Latest HobkoBi--Model Ladies Maid-Cook's not at all well, mem P Vory bad dream last night, mem I Quite nightmare, I calls it, Newly-married Young Lady- You don't say so, Har k'iss 1 What was it all, aboutP Model Ladios' Maid-Well, mom, sho dreamt as how wo was all a-sitting at dinner qviito comfortablo liko, and sho takes oflT tho cover, and what do you think sho saw, 111 em P Newly- marriod Young Lady-I can't guess, really I Model Ladies' Maid (in tones of torror)-American beof! 1 ! !-Judy. .'RATHER Hahp ON CHICAGO, - Tho salo of Bibles in Chicago is said to bo throe timos as groat as it was a yoar ago. Mr. Moody drew attention to the work, and thoy think it is a now book. York Herald, THE Times states that British liberality, besides clearing off the debts of the Dawn Institute, has left the Rev. Josiah Hcnson j (Uncle Tom) a surplus of £2,000 to oheer his last days. | A " WAI/Kinu-match" commenced by a Mian Richards, at Cheatertou, who under took to walk a thousand miles in a thou sand hours, has been stopped by the parish authorities applying to the county mugis trates. A DOLEFUL TALE.--It was a cold bleak day with drizzling rain, and Soaker had not beon ablo to loaf on a shout all the morning ; he folfc liko tho day- chilly right through. Ho anxiously scouted round all tho liars, hut no luck- tho filatos woro full up. But at laot a bright idea entered into liifi head- he'd just invito someone to take a drink, and work "tick" that way. Accordingly " Soaker " waited on tho first likely mark ho know. Ho fetched up at tho blacksmith's, got up a talk ana Boon put out his invites. These weie at first yeftjsed; but by dint of bother, and fo got rid of " Soaker," Tuba! left his ^nvil and wont for tbo nip. Spakor , bpJdJy calls, for, two brandies, straight. Bonifaoe doubting, asks him about the cash. " It's right," replies Soaker, just made a riso enough for two. Drinks aro quickly sorved. " Woll, now thon, pay up," exclaims tho lioat. " boater givos a fork out, "it's right, IU. pay noxt time/' Tubal, who had boon closely watohing and folt slightly dubious, immediately drank off both nips and throwing down tho shilling growlod out, " If I vo got to pay for two drinks I may as well havo 'om, and walked off, loayim; " Soakor " a disappointed man, with his luck still out of joint. | Seizing jt,-(Sceno-a Bakor's shop.) ,Xiady Customor~"What I broad gone up ?fflnl'B Pl,ayV^n .D°0^' wfly 'S that P Mr. Doey-Well, mum, you soc its m consequence of the War in tho Yoaat. Everything ia going up. "Why, tho papers say that ovon the Caucasses is vising. [Lady.Customer pays her bill without another word.]-Judy, lilE Sydney Morning Herald, in writing upon tho quostion of tho Suez mail ser vieo, thus speaks of tho possible position which Adelaide may in the futuro oooupy in connection with Now South Wales, Queensland, and other plaeos " If for tho present (ifld for some years to come, Melbourne is the mail port for tho Sydnoy mails via buoz, it will only be so for a few years. Tho terminal station will mako another.move tp the westwardi and Port Adolaido will bo the depot at 'which our Suoz mails will be embarked and dis* ombarked. Had New South Wales been equal to its. opportunities, a line from Sydney to Adeiaido might, have been mado by tho date of the expiry of the present oontrapt. To have com monoed such a lino with vigour would have beon a proper sequel to the Inter colonial Conference, and it would havo boon a benefit, not only to this colony but to others. A lino from Cootamundra to Wentworth and the South Australian frontier would meet with no engineering difHoultics at all excopt in crossing the Darling. By taking advantage of the eagerness of the squatters to purchase land, the whole cost of tho work might havo been met out of tho proceeds of the sales of the adjoining lands. But though too long delayed, the work will be done sooner or later, and sooner in proportion us our Governments got wideawake, or get liberty of action. Whbn it is open for traffic thero will be landed at Port Adelaide tho mail for New South Wales, Queensland, tho northern parts of New Zealand, and Polynesiu, and with a speoial service the timo taken between the two termini need not exceed three days. Even this will not constitute the whole of the improvement in the mail service which will result in oombimng Australian railways with the Anglo Indian routo. Tho nearest point in Aus tralia to that route is the North-west Cape, and tho time will oomo wheirtho steamer from Galle, with the Australian mails, will land them all there, and when by theagenoy of trans-continental railways they .will be. distributed ,to Jhe Beveral parts of Australia, just as the American mails from England are landed at New York, and. dispersed throughout the States of the Union. That, perhaps, is a work for the next generation. Mean* while, now that the through line to Mel bourne has been sanctioned, the next line thatj combines intercolonial advantages wi^h .the'mother country is tho through line'to Adelaide. The South Australians are quite .prepared tq; do. thoir sharo of the work, end aro airoady at work oil a portion' of it, for their Parliament luis Sanotioned an extension from Xapuudu to the Kivor Murray," ...... THE MEAT Tbadb.-The transport of meat'in carcase from America to England is attaining large proportions, ana the trade Appears to gain in1 publio favor. ^ Whatever may be said in its disparage ment by interested persons, or however doubtful the official mind of the Govern ment may still be on the subject," says the .Mark Lime Express, " there has been a suc cess attending it which has attracted the attention of capitalists; and the amount of money invested, in oue way and another, in this trade, aud the energy with which it is being developed, is altogether inconsis tent with a mere speculation, based on an unproved theory. The rapidity with which the refrigerating principle is being adapted, to. the requirements of the. trade' by shrewd men ot business is in itself,a proof of the soundness of the undertakings Since the commencement of ' the \ year the shipments from America1 nave1 averaged' nearly one thousand tonH per1 week, and we aro informed that arrange ments are now in progress for slaughtering' the cattle in the Western States where they, are reared, and conveying the carcases to the seaboard in refrigerating cars, thus ob viating the losses incidental to a long jour ney, and effecting a saving altogether of hilly a penny per pound on the carcases. Similar arrangements are being made in: Austria and elsewhere on the'- Continent, by which a carcase trade will shortly be; established in direct connection with the London market. | THE Home News has been led to make the following comments upon a recent I innovation in our Supreme Court11 The j wig is a very gentlemanlike institution, and ' U is pleasing to hear that counsel are j henceforth to wear them when they prac-j tise in the Courts at Adelaide- Now that j the Old World is getting Radical, and that disrespectful things are being said about j the wig, it is refreshing to find that South ! Australia is becoming Conservative. The j United States, forensically speaking, are ' wigless. M. GalJenga has mentioned1 in j his charming book, entitled tho 4 Pearl of' the Antilles,' that the Judge himself smokes an havana in Court, and that once, when he was u prisoner oil uomp imaginary charge, a cigar was politely tendered to ! him also. The wig is pretty safe for a fevy decades in our English Courts, though the Q.C.'B only don their headgear on high days. That Uttie patch on tho wig called the coif is in the course of nature doomed, for have not the SerjeqntB sold their pioturesque Inn, and sent away their relics in the form of portraits of tho legal luminaries who were wont to eat and drink in that ancient hall P It is supposed, though it has never been offi. cially declared that the Queen will create no more serjennte, though thero is just the ghost of a chance that the coif may not perish. No one Iibg been profane enough even to suggest the abolition of the Spea ker's wig. Indeed, it i3 as impossible to conceive Mr. Speaker without a wig as Cap. tain Goct;ett without a uword and black Court suit. Apropos of the legalization of the wig in the .Superior Courts at Ade laide, some of our County Court Judges now require it to ho worn by barristers in their presence. They have invented a clerkly aud not unbecoming costume for solicitors. It consists of a stuff gown, like that either of a cathedral verger or a Bachelor of Civil Law, with plain bandsT htit no wig. That would ho indccorous," A Government steamer was launched at Port Adeiaido, on July 27. Tho vessel, which registers 101 tons, will serve various purposes, but sho is chiefly iutonded as a substitute for the' Fairy iu tbo European muil service at Glenelg, . Sho was named by Miss Rose, daughter of the Treasurer, '. Lady. Diana," ? , j 