Intercolonial. | . . 1 \ Tbe Antiope Case. — Thomas Bewley, ! the chi^f officer of the ship Antiope, was . charges, on remand, at the Sandrilge' Police Court, on Friday, with having, on the 2nd instant, murdered a lad namtd John Howard Southern, an apprentice belonging to the ship. The evidence (says tlie Argus) showed that the de ceased was ordered to remove some bouerhs placed on the yards and mast head of tL'j ship on the day named, but the witness could not cleaily state how many times he attempted to reach the topgallantmast head. It was shown that to do so he would have to climb a dis fcnuce of between seven and eight feet. Southern was described by Dr. P. Ken [ nedy, one of the resident surgeons of the Melbourne Hospital, as a very powerful lad for his age,' and his body was well I nourished. No evidence of intentional cruelty was brought forward against the chief officer, and, without waiting to liar counsel for the defence, the Bench dis missed the information against the prisoner. The Accident at the Timor Rom aw Catholic Church. — The Tumut Times gives the particulars of the above catas trophe, a 'brief account of which reached us by telegraph : — On Wednesday, last a -sad and fatal accident occurred at the Catholic Church now in course of erec tion in this town. It appears that at about 11 a.m. Messrs. P. M'Namara (contractor for the buildings), Richard Dooley, and George Hutson (employes), were 'engaged at work on a scaffold at tached to the gothic arch leading into the chancel, and were in the act of build ing in theokey stone of the brick circle of thecrch,jwhen both felP simultaneously and precipitated the occupants of the platform to the ground — a distance of some thirty eight feet. The wounded trio were quickly rescued by willing hands7 from amongst the debris , and Dr. Selfe, who was immediately on the gronnd, attended to the sufferers. Mr. M'Killop, of Gunda/ai, was also called in. On ex amination it was found that Dooley had received a compound comminuted frac ture of the leg from the knee-joint to the ankle, besides a shock to the nervous system, so great that he never rallied, but sank rapidly, and expired the same evening at 7 o'clock. Mr. M'Namara received an incised wound at the back of the ear which penetrated to the scalp, and made a dent in the bone; in ad dition, his leg and right arm are much broiled. Hudson was a good deal shaken, and received a' lacerated wound across the hamstring muscles of the left leg. The Small-pox. — The medical officer of the Government (says the S. M. Herald) reports that there are no cases of small-pbx in Sydney outside of the cordon the .'Government have drawn at the two . Quarantine Stations. The man Holden, on board the Faraway, is still j very ill ; the other case at the North j Harbour are said td be better. In refer ence to the cowardly Conduct of the un dertaker's men who refused to carry out the interment of the poor girl who . died on board the Faraway on Saturday, although the body being covered with quicklime there was no danger of contagion, we have been re minded of the bright contrast that exists in the case of the nurse on board the hospital ship Faraway— Miss Rucker, of the Infirmary Nightingale staff of nurses. This vonne ladv. immediately on hearing 'that a skilled nurse would be required on board the 6hip, volunteered her services, risking in the, cause of suffering hu manity jiot only the discomfort of being -isolated from all society except that of the afflicted patients, not only the chance of contracting a disease very frequently fatal in -its effects, bnt risking that which In the eyes of many of the fair sex would be far worse than solitude or even death — the disfigurement of those personal charms which are usually valued so highly, and of which it is said this y--ung lady possesses no inconsiderable share. We have been requested by the medi cal officer in charge of the Faraway to correct an erroneous imprestion with regard to the child Holden, who died on on Saturday evening. It seems that no small-pox eruption ever came out on tbe child's body at all, but only some spots of effased blood ander the skin — the worst and most fatal form of small pox. The child died of blood poisoning before developing any small-pox rash. The child's life was despaired of 'from early Saturday morning. Survey in . Western Australia. — The Perth Inquirer of December 27 states tiiat Mr.' John rorrest has recently returned from his survey expedition to the east of Champion Bav, after an. absence of four months. The parties have carried out successfully all that was anticipated, and have completed a good triangulation of all the settled country between Champion Bay, and longitude 118., the furthest trig, station being in the Weld Range, which is beyond the present settlement. The triangulation now covers all the traverse work done in 1873, and also all done this year. There is . now a complete connection by triangulation between Perth, Champion Bay, and the Weld Range, and from it canjbeca!culated|the latitude and longitude of every trig, station. This is a great step towards a Teally correct- map of our colony ; and, if the same progress con tinues, we may hope to see the whole of the settled portions of Western Australia covered by a scientific triangulation. Many springs and starting-points have been fixed, and the Murchison and San-, ford Rivers traversed. The weather had not been very hot, and water and feed not so scarce as might have been expected. Castlemaine has a ' real ghost,' in which supernatural wonder our contem porary the Mail has a half- concealed belief. This is what that journal says of the facts : — The gentleman who saw the apparition is not a 'crazy spiritualist.' He is a dercut man according to the I strictest Beet of orthodoxy, who holds spiritism and its surroundings in holy horror and wholesome contempt, but to use his own phrase — Seeing is believ- \ ing.' The gentleman has no objection to his name being known. He i' Mr. Taal, of the post office. The locality is a vi'la near the Red White and Bine store, in Doveto n-s tr eet, and the occa- j sion was the night of the first of January. Mr. Teal, on approaching his house, saw then his sitting-room brilliantly lighted up, somewhat to his astonishment, as he was not feasting his friends that night. He looked from tbe outside through the portion of the window that was undraped by blind or curtain, and then saw the ' apparition,' although he did not at the time regard it to be such. He saw emerge from a corner of the room, into which there was no egress, aud which was occupied by a table, the figure of a young man, ' pale as a ghost,' and pensive. It moved to and fro, and the owner of the house was able to carefully observe the dress and features. Mr. Teal then perceiving that his visitor was alone, hastened to let himself into the house, and as soon as he got inside he imme diately opened the door of the room iu question, when, to his astonishment, all was dark. All the inmates were at that time in bed and asleep, and there was no means of sudden egress for an §uninvited visitor. He procured a lamp and made search everywhere, even to the extent of looking up the i chimneys, bat no intruder, or trace of an intruder could be found. He is positive there could be no-trick as is suggested ; he was in perfect mental and physical health at the time, and he says that his mind was not in anywise occupied which would lead to his imagining he saw the thing which cer tainly he says he did see. But tbe wonder does not end here. Next night, after he had retired to rest, the whole house was distnrbed by knockings on tbe walls. He rose and made most carefnl search,, both outside and inside, bat nothing that could be foand in the faintest degree account for tbe phenomena. So teal did the latter become, that,' although circumstances compel the family to live there by day for the present, they all* take their de parture directly the ' witching hoar of night' comes, not having any desire for ghostly company. Mr. Teal did not know' before, but he has learned since, that the locality was associated with strange phenomena before. It is said that apon one' occasion a previous in mate felt the bed on which tiimself and his wife lay floating in the air. He had the presence of mind, so goes the story, to wet the paper of tbe wall with his finger moistened with saliva, and lo ! in the morning the marks were found to be slose up to the ceiling. 