OPENING AND BLESSING OP ST. PATRICK'S ROMAN CATHOLIC CIIURCH, BURROWA, | FROM OCR BTECIAL REPORTER. The ceremony of opening and blessing the new Catholic Church nt Burrowa took place on Sunday week in the presence of nearly one thousand person. The fact that there would be three prelates present 00 the occasion brought together I Rive numbers from far and near, and nothing that could be done to add grandeur to the solemnities was <.:nitted by the Rev. Father Dunne and his ze ilous colleague the R-:v. Father Long. From the pre-d»v rv to the church was a triumphal arch s'lrrmi with banners fit all nations, au.l at the entrance th" chii-ch -ruind '.hero was another arch iu front . f which wer« the Papal arms — the tiara and keys On Satin day a procession was fortnnJ, with the town band at its heal, and proceeded on the (railing ro.ul »o meet thair Lo. d-hips the liislio-.»s of O mlbum, M litland. vol BithurU, whose carriages wore to lie <?oon appro totting the town shortly after four o'clock. Having arrived at the church, the bishops am! clergy tick up positions in the snnctu -try. when Mi, J. N. Ryan, .LP , of Galong, advanced to the front of the i liar and rend An address of welcome to their lord ships, and hand. d ea :b of them a cony printed on green silk. Their lordships replied in grateful terms for tha inviife&Utinns; of kindness they had eciived. Tbu large concourse of.p-:np|.« who bad assembled iu the church then rii-perscd. On Sunday — a day that will long he gio-m in the minds of every Burrowa Catholic — preparations f»r the im- josing ceremony wore commenced at an early hour. Shortly after ten o'clock the street in front of the otd church was thronged with peopR, and the sight which presented itself was one not easily to be for gotten. The appearance of the female cbitdren of tne school, who wore all neatly arrayed in white, was the signal for the commencement" of the day's procsediugs. After the girls came the school boys and the juvenile members of s?t. Aloysius Guild, who were followed by the members of the ?t. Patrick's Guild. Tho procession, which was over a cjuartcr of a mile long, had a line appearance, each of the members of the Guilds w oi.ing beautiful scarf-, and "ach body had a magnificent banner borne aloft. IJpou arriving at the church, bis Lordship Dr. Lauigan, who was fully robed, and accompanied by ?ho Right Rev. Dr. .Murray, B.Gi »p of MaiMand ; the Right Rev. Dr. Quinn. lU-hop of Bathurst: tho Very Rev. Dr. Mc Urov, Vicar-General ; the Revs. 1 t\ Ity in, of Carcoar ; GaUMier, of Goulbum ; Finncgnn, Young ; P. J. O'lveeiVe. Yas< ; and the resident priests. Fathers Dunne and Long, performed , the ceremony nf hles-big the exterior walls. This' being done, the church was entered, when the sanctuary and walls inside were alsu blessed. High mass was then commenced by his L'udship Dr. Quinn, of Batburst, who was the celebiant ; Father (/KeetFe, the deacon; Father Long, the hub-dcacon; Father Ryan, assistant priest; and Fathers Dunuo and Gallaher, masters of the ceremonies. The choir rendered the Kyrii I-.'tieson, the Gbriu, and the Crctfo with great effect. The mass having concluded, The Vovy Reverend Dr. Birmingham, of Vagga Wagga, after receiving his bishop's blessing, ascended the steps of the sanctuary, aud delivered the folio vying beautiful sermon " My Kingdom is nsf of this world."— John. c. IS, v. ffff. My Lords, Rev. brethren, and you beloved in Christ,—' The beautiful and instnn-'.lvu ooivuK- ny by which this grind oditice a proud and enduring ni.niuni MU of the mvtchi-'ss generosity : of a charitable people uuA of the pure zeal and hard toll of a brave and true priest, cheered and direeto I by a holy bishop- has been to-day sanctified with a relative sanctity, and solemnly devoted to t lie revealed worship of UoJ. our Creator and Re deemer, under the invocation of holy Ireland's glorious apostle,- is indeed pregnant with subline me mini: and suggests great and consoling thoughts. Not only does it proclaim the sad fall of the human race in the first Adim, and the bondage to which all creation was subjected on account of that criminal fall, but, ritiing the Uirisiiuu s heart with purest joy. it bids us look with the eyes of faith mi the overlaying word of « bid made lleh— the Second Adam, "coming from Elom with dyed garments from j liosra— this beautiful One in his robe walking in the greatness j of his strength " (Is iias. r. 15. v. 1) -coming to redeem, re generate, and lift up to a supernatural state of grace and life a fallen race and to give freedom to every creature. It conducts u» from Calvary with its cross, enobled and sanctified by the precious blood of immaculate Marys Son, to the stonesepnlchre, whence arose our nature, glorified in him with the glory of God, to fondly and joyfully regard our lb-other and our King ad vancing in the splendour of His triumph over tho grave and sin to gladden the wounded heart of His virgin mother, and bring ing in His own sacred heart -healing for every ill to which flesh is heir, and sanctitieation and salvation to every child of Adam. And surely, beloved brethren, while the gorgeous procession of mitred prelate-, surpliecd priests, and white-robed youths passed before you, and on your ears fell the witching poetry that dropped from the lips of Israel's royal hard, while attuning his harp to heavenly strains— I have" rejoiced in tho things that were said tome; we shall go into the house of the Lord" — not only did tlie immortal Catholic Church arise before your enraptured gaze In all tho marvellous beauty and grandeur of her Divine origin, but your intellects, snperuaturally illumined, strengthened, nod elevated, could, and verily did. conceive of ! the risen Christ enriching her with power and grace to sanctify her children with a real, positive sanctity, and to clothe with a relative sanctity— to rescue and restore what in the lower heavens and earth ha 1 been subjected to vanity. Glaring this communicUed pn-wr. and acting irmsi authority old as the Apostb-s. your bAm-p bu-sd a. id sprinkled with h'->W w.ner the Widla. within ami without, of this r-mpV, to -sanctify them by the word of God and pr.ver ; and with the old, old solemn rite, he declared .«:id constituted this budding to be. while countless nws roll alone, the temple of the living Go l. when -in not only : ilh glory .mil! dwelt. but 1 1 i> well beloved S»n -the immanuel, or God with its -.-hall lovingly take u > His lowly abode, veiling his beaming face with the Kaelctrisiie specie-, through meltable love for tlis weak, Gaful creatures. Hut. beloved brethren, the prayers and tho sprinkling of the walls typify another and a higher sanctity, and point to another edifice nut nude by human hands. They symbolize the purity and sanctity befitting those who shall enter this church to wor ship God and gather with Christian hope around this sanctuary. ' Tuev als;> refer to that glorious living temple, built up of living ! si inc.? and erected ou tho chosen rook, or the tlrst Pope and vi.'ar of Christ b-" our Lord Jesu. true God and true man. On that Immortal cdifuv, founded by the incarnate s»n of God, and in widen Gods hnlv spirit tabernacles. I shall to-day offer for your me dilation a i-w thoughts, stolen from the saints and doctors wiio haw iived the divine life of the Catholic Church and died peacefully in her maternal arms— that your faith in her immortality and yom deep love for your loving mother may wax stronger and stronger ; now. especially, when bitter tears are welling up from her wounded heart at the sight of so many of her children, obstinately resolved on their own eternal re probation. and when she is eovcrt.d with wounds by her old eneinica, the world, the devil, and t.lie flesh : and. furthermore, to awaken you to a deep abiding sense of gratitude to God for having allowed you to erect tins temple, wherein Holy Church may pour out the treasures of grace at her disposal, blessing and sanctifying you and yours for years to come here ; below, and when the hour of doom strikes presenting you pure and uudctiltid to .lesus Chriu. her spouse, blessed be- God for evermore, you and I have been from childhood a hours living without duuht or fear amid the household of the faith. Even before our infant lips could lisp the sweet ami saving name. Jesus, God mercifully made lis his "heirs and co-heirs of ChrUt." When the waters of baptism, pregnant with the powers of resurrection, flowed on nur tiny head. God enriched our purified s-mU with the habits of faith, hope, and charity. While thousambi are still seated in darkness and in the shadow of death, or are deluded byan irrational feeling of self-righteous ness. we have been introduced into HN admirable light, and nil the merits and mercies of His cross placed at- our disposal. " All things are yours, and you are Christ's, and Christ is God's." writes St. Paul. Oh, how good has God been, to us " millions," to use the word of the same apostle " tossed too and fro. by every wind of doctrine in the wickedness iff man, in the craftiness by which they lie in wait to deceive, hnve changed the truth of God into a lie ; " whereas we have been always resting securely in the arms of God's ever-living Church, and receiving, through her infallible utterances, wisdom in its heavenly beauty and truth, in its harmony, its integrity, and unity. And " in one spirit being baptised into one body," we may well feel assured " we are the body of Christ and members of the Member," as said SL Paul. In a word, we are Catholics, am! belong to that glorious time-honoured ecclesiastical confederation over which the in carnate Son of God reigns and through which He dispenses His graces, and makes known the mysteries of His mercy and love. But, beloved brethren, since our days have been spent within sight of the burning bush, aud it has been allowed us not only to look familiarly on the lovely spouse of the Lamb, but also to share her friendship and choicest favours, it may be we are not keenly sensible we arc every day treading on holy ground. Yea. it may be. some one iu this temple has. in the excess of his folly, ceased to love the Catholic Church, or to regard her ax nil beautiful and fair, without spot or stain. Ah . beloved brethren, do but steadily look with the eyes of faith on our dear loving mother, bright and charming in the freshness of immortal youth and ravishing beauty, and yon shall find, though her years are many, her loveliness has not been affected by the footfall of destroying time, nor do grey hairs proclaim the ad vancing old age of Judah's fair daughter. No! A sublime new creation, unchanged and unchangeable, she ia .the very same in essentials to-day as she was on the flrt Pcntlcost, when the very glory of God enfolded her round about, and shall so continue until we all meet in the unity of faith and the knowledge of the Son of God. This is no marvel, foi tho Catholic Church is not a human institution, with her foundations laid in the passions, the pride, the crime, and tho picjudice of any nation. Weak or strong, she is not indebted to either kings or kaisers, parliaments or mobs, for her power, her glory, or her life. With few exceptions, the rulers of this world have been always trying, as to-day they are in Germany, Ttaly, Switzerland, and Russia, to crush the God-given life out of her, or denying her and her persecuted children the liberty which Cbriat, the God-man. gave her in the very act of founding her, and gave her children in the creative aet. To them she is indebted for little more than the wounds of her confessors and the red robes of her martyrs, the pillage of her sacred treasures, tho destruction of her seats of learning, and the gutting of her churches. The Catholic Church, identical with Christianity, devinely organised with tho supernatural order of life or humanity living a supcm&turalised; life— is the great and glorious creation of tho God-made man, through which each ono of m " born of water and the Holy Ghost— born, not of blood nor of the will of the flesh, nor of the will of man, but of God," enters upon the supernatural Christian life and commune in our new life with Christ, " from the fulness of whose life wc all receive." God the Son, consubstanti&l; with God the Father, taking to himself a body llko ours and a human soul in the virgin womb of the immaculato Mary, niado our nature as truly the nature of God as the dlvlno nature. " The Word was made flesh, and dwelt amongst us," to redeem the enslaved sons of Adam and found a kingdom, one and Catholic, of rational creatures regenerated of water and the Holy Ghost and gifted with supernatural life. This kingdom— not of this world, set up by God, and not by human hands, and guided by His in dwelling spirit and not by human wisdom, which is foolishness —was to embrace all those arising from the " tavcr of regenera tion," " a new creation," partaking of the divine nature. Having received ono baptism all obtain tho like newness of life, and lire the tamo identical life in uolon with Christ. Having one faith, one Lord, and one Redeemer, they form one compact nnited body tinder the mpremo rule of Christ's Vicegerent. Oh, how forcibly and clearly does St. Paul in his burning words, addressed to the Romans and the Coriuthlans, describe the interior life and external union, the charity and dignity nf Christ's Kingdom of the Church " \s in one body wo have sx a«4> me.ubers, zj we, being uiau/, art one body in £hriat, aud each one members one of another. And all the members of tho body, whereas they are many, yet are one body, so also is Christ. If one member suffer anything, all the members suffoc with it, and if one member glory, all the members rejoice with it. Now, you are the body of Christ, ami members of member." The Church is therefore not a school around a master, nor is sha an association of individuals who. adopting peculiar rcligloua ideas, ami protesting against what they flippantly call errors, are aggregated around a doctrine or form of wo.-ship by thw sword of an earthly sovereign, the notion of national prejudices, or the influences of passion and of a had early education The churrh is ChrUi .s body, and opens not her arms to unre- generated humanity to mere nature or men refusing to reccivo chri-t rominir amongst hi 4 own. "The Church," as said tho i lie erudite convert. U'ilherforce. " is an organic- body, deriving it life from perpetual union with the humanity of its head and guided in preserving ami propagating ?:ij crnatural truth, , h," the spirit of God. sent by Christ to abide with her forever." ; in !'.».«. I aflirm. in the words of the same profoundly learned j convert, written before his conversion, that " the SAcred | scriptures u<>ert the whole Church of God to be the body o£ j Christ endowed with life by the Son of God." in this body, which R to be regarded as a whole, the members are Individual j Klievt-r.c for as the soul gives life ami motion to tho body, 1 wc.ich <'f could have no living motion, so the Word, giving j :. right motion and energy, moves the whole body — the Church and e irh one of its members, j «'h. yes. beloved brethren. God's Church is the spouso ot j .!;-« and the joyful mother of all tho faithful, imparting Ufa | t-> :'!iu which flows from the Holy uho»t through her, and not I re-.- ivhr it from them. Begotten of the Holy Ghost and bora I of her. aud nonri-hod with fondest love at Iter breast, wo call I h»-r mother and honour her as such. On our union in life with h.r depends our union with Christ— the source of lilb. There- fore do we regard sehi-ms and heresies as the greatest evil, withdrawing God's children from their mother's arms, aye, fronz the very source and conditions of spiritual life, for, as said bji Saint < yprian. " he cannot have God for his father who lias no6 tiie Church for his mother." Therefore, too, is heard a cry of anguish from her sad heart when men seek elscwhcro salvation; tluMoving Peter, giving thrilling expression to her pure sorrow— " To whom shall they go, Lord, for thou," abiding for evcrmora with the Church, "hast the words of eternal life." Now several societies have assumed the name of Christ's Church, and actually claim to be considered His body. They ga forth in His uame to make proselytes, each one crying; out, " Lo, here is the Christ I " How then shall we dis cover Christ's Church or His body among so many claimants i By what sign shall wc know the loving, living mother of GckPaf children? By a sign, said a great French scholar, to speak of only one as resplendent as the sun, which 110 false authority possesses, which no false authority can counterfeit— the sign of universality— of Catholicity. Yes, beloved brethren, now, as iaf the days of St. Pacian and .St. Augustine, universality in teach ing all revelation or the deposit of faith and all nations and iaf subsisting in all ages, points out one society as alone inheriting the privileges and attributes, tradition and Scripture affirm to belong to the spouse of Christ, the teacher of nations. Being Catholic she must be one, for unity, which so many confound with totality, is the essential to what is Catholic. Equally absurd is it, as remarks a great philosopher, the late gifted Brovvnson, to attempt to get a conception of Catholicity by th« indclmitc aggregation of particulars, as to attempt to reaclv eternity by the indefinite aggregation of moments. But th« visible unity of the Church which her invisible unity, her soul, (Uniauds, that the Church may not be a monster— one souf Informing several distinct and several bodies- cannot obtainr without unity of authority, without a central authority division must arise and Christ's Kingdom he split into a number 06 national churches, each one formed of members as opposed to all others in religion as in politics. Therefore, did God tho Son. determining, like a wise architect, to build His Church on a solid foundation, found her on one — on Peter — thereby con ferring on him the sublime privilege of giving security, permanence, and solid visible unity to His Church, and oC uniting in the profession of the same faith, in the acceptance ot the same sacraments, and in submission to the same essential discipline, the elect of God, called to mercv and grace from every nation, tribe, and tongue— " Thou art Peter, and upon t»is rock I will build my Church, and the gates of hell shall not prevail against her." With him, the living Peter-all th« faithful— must be joined in communion. From Him flows all jurisdiction or spiritual authority. It belongs to him to correct all abuses, to crush errors in faith, and preserve discipline Ha . js the supreme doctor and pastor of souls, binding and loosing in every part of the world, and by supernatural assistance! preserved from error, when speaking as head of God's Church on questions of faith, or testifying to facts of revelation. H® may, however, sin; he may fall seven times a day, like the just man, for God has not promised him immunity from tho assault of the world, the flesh, and the devil; nor has he deprived blra of free will. His authority is in the spiritual oraer, or th« supernatural order, which, of course, supposes, and does not destroy, the natural order, and this authority he uses as tho . supreme representative on earth of that order, or the order of 1 grace and salvation, through Christ. His temporal power or independence as a sovereign merely securetl to him freedom of action in spirituals. " Without temporal independence," said a great philosopher and priest (Lacordair), "supremacy was tho enslaving of truth, contiding it to one man, and that maa delivered over to the mercy of an emperor, or a republic, oc some other human power." This proiound utterance of tho urmiaui orator tinus striking and saddening illustrations to-day in London, Berlin, Geneva, and Petersburg, where men havo dared to degrade religion to a state policy, and its representative to be merely officers of the State. But whether in the sunlcsv bosom of the catacombs or in the halls of Ctesar, at Fontainbleair or at Gaeta at Avignon, or on the Seven Hills, the Pope, or tho loving Peter, represents Christ, the invisible head of the Church, speaks in His name, rules by virtue of His commission, teaches with His assistance, and steers with unerring arm Peter' barque over the troubled waters of error and sin, bearing into tlie haven of God's rest; his children of all nations, tribes, and tongues. The Church is, therefore, essentially napal. Without it the Church is inconceivable in the visible order; for being a, visible unity she is inconceivable without a central visible life. Oil, beloved brethren, who can, therefore, wonder that tho gifted -St. Ambroso, pondering on the immortal words spoken by our dear Lord, the God man, in the quarters of Csesarea Phillippi— "Thou art Peter, and upon this rock I will build my Church, and the gates of hell shall not prevail against her;" cried out, "Where Peter is, there is the Church." "Oh, glorious immortal spouse of Christ, joyful mother of all tho faithful, imparting to your children and not receiving front them light, life, and beauty. You know no interruption, a once wrote a late brilliant genius, Brownson, " no succession of moments, no lapse of years, you cau never grow old, never fall into the past. The individuals composing your body may change, but you change not, and may pass away, but you con tinue forever the same: yea, identically that very body which saw our Lord when lie tabernacled in the flesh. With one hand you received the deposit of faith from Christ and the Apostolic College, and with the other you impart it to us. Resting in your maternal arms, I feel upon my cheek the breath warmth of Saints Patrick, Bride, and Malacby, and catching over the gulf of centuries the hand of tbe great patriot of St. Laurenco O'Tool, my heart, with a thrill, responds to the twofold lovo which consumed, as a tire, his heroic being. I love my country and my God, immutable and indestructible supernatural creation of the God man. Weak pigmy man rivalling, in tho folly of their pride. Lucifer, have dared to reform you who Aro informed by the indwelling spirit of God. I love God and sucred Erin, fruitful mother of saint and sage, of heroic men and of virgins pure as the dewdrop on the flowers of her fair bills. -But. as said the great St. Cbrysostnm, in the fourth century, " before you think of changing the Church, change tho sun, the moon, and the stars. Much sooner will you succeed in destroying the light of the sun than in veakeuing th Church." As men cannot annihilate you, so they arc impotent to corrupt or assail you. Neither Pope, nor bishop, nor priest, nor layman, it matters not what dark garment of sin they may fling round their own rebellions natures, can darken or stain your lovely features— bright, beautiful spouse of Jesns. Your beauty and your sanctity are not of earth earthy ; they como from Heaven, and have their source in the indwelling spirit of God. But, beloved brethren, how does it comes to pass that God's own greatest institution of mercy aud love on earth i always so fiercely assailed by the very creatures for whos happiness and for whose glory God worketh through tho instrumentality of the Church? Ah my friends, the sublimo code of morality proclaimed on a mountain of Palestine by onr Divine Redeemer is in direct opposition to the passlotiR of fallen ; man. to his pride of head and heart, and this code the Catholic | Church unceasingly inculcates aud enforces. For this reason | the enemies of God and His Church have assailed her in every ! age and in every country since Peter preached his first sermon, ' and God began the work of building His Church on a rock, j " And all that will live godly in Jesns Christ," said St. Pauf. " shall suffer persecution." "If you had been of the world," said Christ to his apostles, " the world would love its own, bufc because vou are not of the world, but I have chosen you out oC t)ie world, therefore the world hateth you." God's Church is also often forced to encounter other foes than those outside hec visible communion. Her worst enemies have been, and, alAs; 1 are to day found, amongst the household of tbe faith; often do her baptised children make satanic efforts to destroy sAiictity i God's children and battle fiercely on the side of error and sin, against truth and holiness of life. Yut, with the patience ana love of a good mother, she labours for a long time to correct them ; but, failing to do so, she is at length com pelled, in order to save many from corruption, to drive fortb from her sacred enclosures residents so unnatural and so per verse. Alas, scandals, as Christ foretold, must nocls come, nevertheless, aud scandals have couie in every age and every I country since the apostolic college furnished the betrayer of tho Son of Man. This is no marvel. God does not force any man to live or die a saint, he but mercifully gives him aid, full and superabundant, to live and die in supernatural union with Him. Hence, though the Catholic Church is specially appointed foe the peifccting of the saints, for the work of the ministry unto tlie edification of the body of Christ, she must needs frequently fail in saving souls. And when, alas, scandals do come, men oc weak intellects, and of hearts inclined greatly to evil, glAdly seize on examples of depravity amongst Catholics to justify their own dark deeds and their wild assertion of universal corruption. But, beloved brethren, has it ever been heard, tho world over, that anyone after leaving the Catholic Church astonished and edified society by a wonderful and strict observance of chastity and other virtues? Have you ever known a really pure and virtuous woman, a really pure and virtuous man. to go forth from the city of David, the Zion of God, and leavo the lingering aroma <ff supernatural virtue with the people amongst whom the sun of life went down. I defy tlie world to instance one example of a remarkable self-denying spirit in the person of an apostate Catholic. Ah, no, 'tis im- pujslble. For though they, indeed, went out from us, tliey were not of us, and in their folly and weakness they digged to themselves cisterns, broken cisterns, that would not hold water, because the waters springing up to eternal life in the Cutholla Church had become distasteful to corrupt nature. The sup porters of the ElixnhethlAn tradition, however, never weary reminding the world, in most offensive and exaggerated terms, of the weakness that characterised, and the sins that' mado famous, many an erring member of the Catholic Church. Bub of their repentence, or of her efforts to convert tho prodigal, no one is found generous enough to make honourable avowA), much less to Approve; yea, writer after writer continues to flood tho world with false statements against the Church and her best and purest children, and those statements, again and again boldly repeated, acting on weak minds and sordid natures, make some Catholics half afraid to defend God's Church, and others are ashamed to kneel at her altars in humble prayer to the once scourged, calumniated, and crucified Head of the Catholic Church. But, beloved brethren, is it nob a splendid privilege to belong to the Catholic Church, and a blessed lot, that of sharing the gifts at her disposal? To tho carnal eye her beauty, I admit, may look deformity, and to un aided reason she is indeed a mystery. But where we view her in a light brighter than that of reason— in the light of faith- triumphant in Heaven and militant on earth— in Heaven with out spot or stain, or the possibility of bearing on her pure bosom one erring one, and on earth, pure and holy too, with a purity and sanctity deriving from the indwelling, informing spirit ot God, but ever, alas, obliged to straggle to make her wayward children pure and holy too. We see all things harmonising as only God could make reason and revelation, nature and graco harmonise. Tls true, I allow, while reading the history ol tho Catholic Church from tho ffrst Pentecost to our day, we shall find the weakness of man, as well as a power and beauty, not ot this world, characterising every great undertaking and every sublime achievement. But whether in moments of successful strength, or in tlie time of weakness only apparent, the samo beaming divine beauty is ever sending fottli purest rays ; tho same glory, not of this world, is cvor increasing in its dazzling effulgence ; and the same unconquerable resolve that Christ shall reign from the crosn over a wicked world, ia manifested undet every difficulty and in defiance of both filial- treachery and atrocious persecutions, even unto death. Therefore do minds of a high order— therefore do a Brownson ami a Newman, a Wilberforce and a Manning, a Kipon and a Robert Montaguo .—after mastering the prejudices begotten "f social training and nursery reading during the moments of free intercourse with intelligent Catholics, and correcting by fervont prayer an earnest thought, the false Impressions made by a baseless tra dition. enter, with the help of God's grace, the Catholic Church, becoming once more little children, io gain the kingdom of Heaven. If, however, we, like the .lows of old, seek signs and wonders cither to preserve or make livelier our faith in the | Catholic Church, what greater sign, what Mibliiner prodigy, than the vory existence of the Catholic church from the days of her retreat in the catacombs to the present hour of triumph and glory, despite leagued oppression! I'ctcr. wo.iry and fooHore, entered the proud and polluted city of the rr»\ur as a p"«.r simple traveller, and I'aul fame there in chums No royal hand was stretched forth to welcome them, no dv.'ree of an Emperor, or enactment of I'arH.imont heralded their approach or sheltered their persons ; no threat of death or oi spoil it:. >ii from tyrannical authority frightened their hearers into a hypo critical profession of the faith once and fin ever djmvrvd to the saints. Yet, commissioned and sustniii' d hy rhrid. ever abiding with his Church, and aide to do all things in Dm ; gave them strength from the midst of pagan li-uoe.reekiir..' wit.i i infidelity and crime of every sort. Thcsnuudof the «.f those two apostles soon wont forth into all the earth and their words into the ends of the world. To "Ills little Hook " -to Ells Church— stripes and tortures, ignomyaud hitter contempt, insult and derision, had been promised as a special blu-Sic.? and a noto bright as the sun in our own lovely sky of pick>tiiLit:on and God's love. " Yea," said our dear lord, "the hour com- th that whosoever killcth you will think lie doth a -eivif o to i hid." Job, c. 10, v. 2. And when that hour did come, to the honour and glory of the Catholic Church be it said, the fero .u»;h and criminal attack on the pure ami good, on the brave and true of the earth, was initiated by the greatest monster of lu .t nnd cruelty that ever hoofed a nation of corrupt abject slaves, tin a false charge and for a crime committed by hi> own brnul self, an imperial madman ordered the Christians, who prayed and bled at every poro fornn ungrateful Kinpire, to be thrown to the wild beasts. Forthwith was heard, for the first time, that wild startling cry, Christians ad Ltonts, which foragjs continued to ring oat through the streets of Rome and the town- and valleys , of th© provinces ; now in the calm eventide and again at tho solemn midnight, or just as lovely morning w.e» pouring u dood of gladdening light and witching beauty over the v.ist Roman Empire. The satanis example of merciless hatred and atrocious ; cruolty given by the first Roman persecutor of God's darling children, of the purest women, the most heroic men, and tho gentlest virgins that ever did honour to, or cievaieu u i.uson race, has hail ever since an abiding inlluencc in the counsel chambers, and on the actions of infamous despots, aiming to become Pontiffs and Kings— the irresponsible rulers of both the souls and bodies of their helot subjects. Ever fdnce, in narion after nation, as centuries were rolling on. tho father of lies luw been, with appalling success, urging on licentious might to flrat calumniate, then rob of property and knowledge, ami finally murder the most precious and fragrant of the living flowers of humanity. From Nero to HLsmarck, Victor Kmaimc! and the remorseless tortures of the faithful gallant Poles, from Galsus to Renan and Straus, from Simon Magus and the Gnostics, to Luther, tho Mormons and tin? spirilrapper-, nnd from Photlus to Febroniua, Dollinger, Hyacinth, Itainkins, nnd the contemptible group of apostates calling themselves old Catholics, philosophy, herosy, pri le, and lust have hcen leagued with unprincipled and vile despotism to bo corrupt or annihilate by legislation the Indestructible Catholic Church. " But blessed bo God Almighty for ever more." as the greatest and gifted Biblical scholar, Jerome, said in tho fourth ceiiCuy. . ' Beingbuilt on Peter no storm could shake her, no raging _le.ni i pest overthrow her, for the cross in her hand and divine charity in J her heart, sho conquered the world by tho God given power of j passsive resistance unto death." She overcame every oppost- ; tion by purity and martyrdom. Immaculate Mary, Virgin | Queen of heaven and earth, and Jesus reigning ia his rod robea from tho cross led her to victory, and guided her children to j the holy mount of God's rent and glory. Oh. bear with inc. i dearest friends, if to-day I ain forced to look out from uudd.it 1 those sad but glorious memories on that historic land I mice called ray home ; on that land whither Goms seemed to sue I some potent spirit, during tho night which overhung \Vcst«ni j Europe, transplanting over the sea the cells of tho Nile valloy.s | with their inmates ; a land which in the lapse of three centuries j gavo 850 saints to the Church, and brought over to Christianity ( the north of Britain, and a great portion of yet pagan Germany, In her green valleys and on her fair hills, covered with the ; eloquent ruins of monasteries, convents, and churelns ; in tin- ; tones of her music, sad as the dying notes of the captive Hebrew's harp: in the mournful traditions the t.'eltic race at home or In exile: in the three confiscations which. like a dread simoon, passed over her rich green acres ; and in the thrilling will of her million exiles, driven by licentious, heartless might to die on foreign shores, their hearts turned with yearning love to Ireland, and their eyes fixed on the star of a scitteicd race-- the star of faith. In all and more we can trace the workings of the same spiri; of lies and of the faithful imitators of the infamous Nero. But, glory be to God, the irrepressible power of Catholicity has not only nerved Erin's arm, cheered and strengthened her heart, but, despite every trial, lilted up to freedom, peace, and the proud attitude of a g' cat nation, the riildren of Brige nnd Patrick. And to day how beautiful i pon the mountains of America, Scotland, England, ami Australia are the feet of her missionary sons and daughter, bringing good tidings and preaching peace. The gifted Gorrci seemed to sec, and his hcurt no doubt thrilled at. the imagined sight— th© living glories of the Nile valley transported to Ireland. Ah, but raise your eyes to the emerald gem of the northern seas, and say what do you see. You behold God lifting up from Ireland's bleeding heart a living church, a living branch of the holy vine, and planting it amidst the living orgies and tlip. errors of proud Albion. With the exiled Celtic race the Church of God once more took up her abode in once Catholic England. By thoir pennies— the mites of the poor- temples and schools were raised, and the cross onoe nioro towers to tho skios in every part of the land. By their prayers and their holy resignation, under obloquy, calumny, hatred, and con tempt, they obtained grace from God for intellect and hearts that were the pride of Oxford and Cambridge, and opened to tbe predestined of God the very gates of the sanctuary. Then, too, on the half-averted ears of the faithful remnant of tho flower of British chivalry fell, like a heavenly strain from angels harping on their harps, tho burning words written long, long ago by blessed Paul to the inhabitants of proud commercial Corinth, " See your vocation, brethren, that not many are wise according to the flesh, not many mighty, not many noble ; but the foolish things hath God chosen, that he may confound tho wise: and the weak things of the world hath (bid chosen tint he may confound tho strong: and the mean tilings of this world and the things that are contemptible that no tlsh may glory in his sight." God's grace forthwith touched and moved the cnhl iinwiiliug hearts of those proud descendants of the Anglo- Norman, and condescending to embrace tbe lowly children of God— the exiled poor of Ireland— they cheered thorn on with a heartiness increasing to this very day, and though not at all un mindful of what thoy regarded as their own natural .superiority, they kindly applauded tho historic faith ami seal of si, Patrick's children, while they were collecting stones ami hewing wood to erect temples to the living Goil on a foreign shore far from tho ruined homes of their sires. Oh, beloved brethren, what heart can he so cold as not to clow at the mention of aicred Eriu's name? What nature so ungenerous ai not to honour a devotion so heroic to the humility of the cross and a fortitude in the battle for God and 1 1 is rhrist, with the worlu, the Uesli, nnd tne ucvii. unparaueieu iu iuo a- n.u> i of tho world. Again, I nsk ynu to look at the emerald gem in her nzurc setting. I say. what do you sec. you I behold millions of bravo and good men and .of pure ami t .virtuous women, flying from the rapacity oi feudal lord- ; lings and tho death grasp of famine over the deep waters of , the Atlantic to the hospitable sliores of the great Republic of the west. And though alas, the bones of tho-»« who never j reached that land of freedom, may be said to haviMuado a sort ; ' of bridge or causeway from Ireland to New YovkP> in the ' ocean's bosom, still millions remained to leaven the nation with ; Catholicity— to give bishops to the sec, priest to tlm sanetu- i aries, nuns and uiouks to the cloister of mighty America, and j to dot with churcluM, schools, and monasteries, her cities, ; towns, anil hamlets. But, beloved friends, as nuHi as England, ' Scotland, and Amoricaaro indebted, in the supurnatura, order to . the faith, hope, and charity with which God enriched the noble children of Bridget nr.d Patrick, more, fur more does our own fair Australia owe to a race always faithful to the natural order j and supernatural, hut always to a great extent unfortunate in t the natural order. La ami behold that sad procession of i peasants, simple, brave, and upright, as Bayard. They are I covered with chains and honourable wounds, they are coining up from the battle fields of Wexford and Wirklnw, where, goaded into rebellion by the systematic and Maliciously directed efforts of statesmen determined to lllrh from an old nation her j natural rights to liberty and to happy homes, nnd altars free, they have been fighting for property and life, for the virgin purity of their daughters and the honour of their wives From the deck of the vessel that is to hear them to the vast prison of Australia, they are as wo now seem to see them, looking hack on thelamlthcy are forced to leave. A merciless despotism has indeed accustomed them to the horrors of the triangles, the pitchcup and picketing and still their hearts arc soft and tender »3 a good mother's. No wonder, therefore, a suppressed wall arises to their clenched cold lips from their bursting hearts us fchey contemplate their plundered homes and hear their women's parting cry and as they see their priesthood hunted down like wolvet and their country overthrown. At that moment kind Hope no doubt told them to look for brighter scenes and a happier lot on a foreigu virgin laud. Alas, how sadly, cruelly were they disappointed. Australia was then a sort of Pande monium, where vice held high revel nnd lust and chain held away. But within their noble breast was n grout hidden power of faith teochlug and helping them to bear nil things for Christ crucified ami to remain with him in His sorrows. Of this their only solace, the only balm for their many wounds, a brutal and -contemptible pro-consul dared to rob thsm forsooth. God made them tho germ of a great spiritual nation, and elected them to -be the mustard seed from which, watered by their tears, and eoriuaeu uy tnu uiuuu wmuu uuwcu iruiu wieir uuc&a;, owuinvu , because they would not deny Christ beforo men — we new behold expanded into a large tree, without sacraments and ! sacrifice, without a priest to shine and auoint them. Oh, they j who feared not man trembled at the thought of meeting God in judgment. At length their prayers are heard: methlnks t see to-day a young Irish Levitc pacing the historic halls of old I Car low; yea, I hear him as he is keeping watch before the eaactuary of the sweet little chapel, crying out— " We heard thee, Father, calling, And liAve hearkoned to Thy voice; Ah, make Thy son more worthy Of Ilia loving Father's choice." A few years more and that young priest, the sainted apostle of the antipodes, John Joseph Terry » bearing in his Irish breast a heart bursting with feelings of pure svmpathy for the enslaved ; children, arrives in this Australia. He has indeed left his foot- j prints in her soil, but deeper far arc tho impressions he made on tho hearts of men whom only God, and God's priest, pitied 1 and loved. Oh. blame me not, O people of Burrowa, if my mouth ia opened to you, my heart is enlarged. Yes. long years j ago, while forced to bid farewell to Australia for a time, I knelt j near Mr. Moore's, in George-streot, Sydney, to receive the j blessing of that venerable priest. He promised mc, this day of joy. Go back ho said to Erin, my dear brother, God is sure to , restore you to this fair land, and to fill you heart with purest . jor. when allowing you once more to share tn the struggles and , triumph on Australian soil of the immortal Catholic inheritors of the faith of the Irish Catholic exiles, and now reaping the fruits of the seed sown by Father Terry, the apostle of Australia, i On your pure generous hearts I pray a blessing to-day for your -efforts to erect this splendid church: but conscious of the depth x>I charitable feeling that is stirring your hoarts to day, nl what words more fitting can I bid you farewell than iu the old sacred salutation of Catholic Ireland— God, Mary, and Patrick bleBS .you. Tho church is built of tho host description of bluo- stono, and redounds greatly to the credit of the building committee, tbe contractor and most unquestionably to the untiring zeal of the respocted pastor the Rut. Father Dunue. In the sanctuary are three ultara, tho high ouc in tho centre, and at each aide, that of the Blessed Virgin and of 8t. Joseph, After tho sermon, Father Dunne read a statement of the church fui d and announced handsome dona tions, from each of the three bishops, and fioui nearly all of tho clergymen iu the diocese, After reading orer tho long list of subscribers names, a collection was made at the doir, and from the spou'aneons offerings of so generous a people as are to be met with in and around Burrowa, there is but little fear nf one farthing of debt being left on the church. We have since ascertained tbat the amonut was £820. Tub Lcxchbo. After the grand cjrumouy of tbe day was over, iuoia eighty gontlomou assembled by invitation in a largo marquee to partake of luncheon, which was given in honour of thoir lordships. At tho head of tho table was Mr. John Naglo Ryan, J.P., ofGalong. The company included many of tho lending resi dents of tho town and neighbouring localities. The luncheon was provided hy the Indies of tho district, and never was he' tor taste displayed than was shown in tiiu arrangements of the tables. His Lordship (.f lioullmrn said grace, and Dr. Murray returned thinks. On the conclusion of the luncheon. Dr. I.anigan proposed the lioakh of tho other Lishops, winch was anknowl dged hy their lordships Dr. Mirny then proposed the health of Dr. Lanigan. who reidi ul io well chosen words. Dr. Murray next pionosed the health of Dr. Bcrmingham, who upon rising to respond wis cheered again and again, and in the course of his remarks paid a well merited I'ooipiiui'nt to M>. .1. N. Ryan, who afterwards acknowledged the warm way iti which bis name had h.-on mentioned. Fa'.her Dunue was then Called upon, and the mention of his name was received with deafening cheers. Iu the cuirss of his adtlrcs he alluded iu kind terms to his late Colleague, Farther Mctlrnth. F.o liters O'Keeffe, Finnegau, Ryan, ami trail. iher were eaeh called upon, and they addressed the assemblage on the importance of the proceedings of the dav, Messrs. Middloton, Ryan, nnd NVottou responded to the toast, " The Visitors." Father Dunne proposed " The Ladies," nnd Mr. O'Neill re sponded 'i'h i a being the last toast, their lotdshipH and tho clergy retiied, and the company soparatod. Long distant must lie the day when the proceedings | nf last Sunday week will bo erased from the minds of thu noble-hearted people of Burrowa. Held Ovku. — Reports of meetings held nt Yass end Wuroo, nt which Mr. Fitzpatrick nddrossod tho electors ; nleo report of Court of Land Inquiry held at Ynss Inst Friday, before Mr. Corntnisuioner King. The reoeipt nt a late hour of several lengthy election advertisements, ns well as tho one relating to the Free Selectors' Conference, has occasioned this. From the same cause wo regrot wo wore unable to get the paper to tho mnchino iu time to catch tho trnin and ap- country mails this morning at half-past one o'clock. Death w the Hospital. — Mr. Richard Miller Rodmayne, a rosident for nearly forty yoars in Yass, died in tho Yass hospital on Thursday last, Deceasod wns a widower, and was respoot- nhly connected. lio had boon ailing for some timo, and the day preceding his death arrange ments waro mado to have him taken to Sydney. His funeral took plnco on Friday. Tiiottino Match. — An interesting trotting match against timo will take place to-morrow aftornoon. Mr. Mote has backed his chestnut mare to trot in a buggy from the bridge at Downing Io the Hume bridge at Ybsb in half an hour. The w'ager is for £10, and the distance to bo travollod is nearly nine miles. A great deal of speculation has taken placo on tbe wager, and the mnro has many friends. Cuicket, — A match at cricket was played on Saturday betwoen an eloren of the hoys of Mr. Morris's Grammar S.chool and an united eleven of St. Clomouti's and St. Augustine's schools, which rosultod in an easy viotory for tho Gram mar School boys by 12S runs. Sueel> Passing. — On Saturday 5G00 sheop be longing to Mr. F. Garner passed through Yass from Toomorroraa for his homostead at Wnr- gravo, Tho shoep wore in excellent ordor, and tho lambs whioh followed them were also fino nnd heulthy. Waroo Races. — The worthy hostess of tho " Ilarp of Erin," at Waroo, is again to the front, and tho Boxing Day amusements whioh attracts too liberal supporters of races in Yass to hor hospitable board at Waroo every year will bo found in another column. The meeting to make tho nocossary arrangements for preparing tho programme was hold at Mrs. Brnssil's ou Saturday last. Accident. — As Mr. and Mrs. O. J.Woodraan, of Taylor's Flat, near Gounyan, were driving into Yass on Saturday evening, the gig whioh they wore in turned over while they were cross ing a creek, and throw Mrs. Woodman out on to hor shouldor. She had a baby in hor arms at the timo, and fortunately both escnped almost unhurt. Hail Stobms.— On Sunday Yass was visitod with two hail storms, tho first about throe o'clock I in tha ufternoon, and tho socond about half-past | seven o'clock. Neithor lasted more than a i qunrtor of an hour. Tho lost one was vory I severe, gnd' was accorapaniod with thunder and vivid flashes of lightning. Wo have heard that | tho huil has done some damage to the fruit | troos. Death op another Old Resident. — Of the few civilised porsons who could claim to being amongst the number of those who first set foot on tho Yass Plains, the late Mr. M. IIollingB- worth was one, Tho deceased, who breathed his lust at his rosidenco, Murrumbateman, on Suturduy, had roached the ripo age of four score yoars, and first saw the Australian sun rise on tho Yass Plains somo fifty-one years ago. To live half a century in a district and to be uni versally esteemed, falls but to tho lot of few men. It was, howover, tbe lot of tbe late Mr. Ilollingsworth, as was shown yesterday by the largo train that followed his romainB to their liual resting placo in tho Oatholio comotory. An Apparent Anomaly Explained.— Persons apparently in tho possession of vigorous health aro frequently uuablo to undorgo even a slight | amount of exertion. This disability iB usually | tho result of local weakness'. When it existB, j physical effort speedily brings on exhaustion. : In order to Btipply this want of local strength, ! and to impart tho requisite power and supple- ! ncss to musclos naturally weak, use Udolpho Wolfu'B Schiedam Aromatic Schnapps. | Five Centuries op Success. — Towards the olose of tho 15th century, the Swiss discovered ' among their mountains an aromatio and tonic : herb, which, on being incorporated with a pure I siimulating olemont, proved to be a most potent , oppotiser, tonic, and assimilant. Tho compound ! wus thenceforward known as the "Dew of the j Alps," and nndor that name has enjoyed a well- ! deserved celebrity for nearly five hundred years. ! Of all tho liqueurs wo have ever tasted it is the : most refreshing and agreeable, and oi all tonics, restorativos, and assimilating preparations, it is said on good medical authority to bo the boat. For its introduction into this market we are indebted to Messrs. M. Moss and Go., sole agonts for Australia. It is immensely popular in the mining districts, and indeed everywhere es a healthful restorative and delicious cordial. Holloway's PrLLs. — Stomaoh, Liver, and Bowels.— In all painful affeotions or the Btoraaoh and diBOrdored actions of the liver and bowels, one single trial of those pills will demonstrate that thoy possess regulating and renovating powers in a high degree. They speedily restore the appetite, lessen all anpleaaant distention of the abdomen, and thus prevent inflammation of the bowels, and other serious abdominal ail- monts. Holloway's pills afford the groatest comfort to tho dyspeptio invalid, withont harass ing or weakening tho most sensitive constitution, or interfering materially with tho ordinary | studies, pleasures, or pursuits. Tho simplicity and efficacy of this treatment have evoked the gratitude of all classes in both hemispheres, and commanded a sale for these purifying pills un precedented in medical history. "Berkeley, Sept., 1869. — Gentlemen, — I feel it a duty I owe to you to express my gratitude for the great benefit I have dorived by taking 'Norton's Camomiio Pills.' I appliod to your agent, Mr. Bell, Berkeley, for tho ubovennmod Pills, for wind in the stomach, from which I suffered excruciating pain for a longth of time, having tried nearly overy remedy presoribed, but without deriving any bonefit at all. After tuking two bottlea of your valuable Pills I was quite restored to my usual state of health. Please give this publioity for the benefit ot those who may be thu9 atllicted. — I am, Sir, yours truly, Henry Allfass. — To the Proprietors of NORTON'S CAMOMILE PILLS." 