English and Foreign Items. London. Mav 20. Captain Hurao, lato in oommnnd of tho Immortalito, of tliO - dotaohod squadron, lias boon dismissed tlio sorvico by n scntonco of court-martini, for oonduct unbosoming an offinor aud aoutlemnn, Hor MajoBty it is roportod, has purclinsod the cxtonBivo forest of Ballaokbync, adjoining Bulinoral, from Colonel Farqtiimrson, of. Iuvotonuld. It possesses tlio largest area of uaturnl-growu Scotoh firs in Scotland, the size beauty, and symmetry of tho troos being . un- oquallod. Tbo Loudon corrcspondouts of sovoral load ing oonutry journals s'tuto tliat Lord Boaeonsficld was.vory muoh opposed to tho Quoon goingf to Seotlaud in tho presout crisis. Otlior mombors of tho Cabinot, it is said, hold the smile opinion. _ Tho Turkish Parliament is exhibiting con siderable dissatisfaction at tho oonduct of tho war. Ou tho 22nd, tho Ohnmbor of Doputics votod tho itnpouchiuont of tho lato Vizier, Mahmoud Pnshu. A gross act of troaohory on tlio part of Russia was uoticod by tho Dorliu oorrospon- dcut of tho Times. A man named Krysiuski a loader in tlio Polish iusurrcotion of 1803, who escaped, applied for ioave to return. Iu answer, ho wns invited to como back. On doing so, ho was tried uud sentenced to banishment in Siboria. lie mado his oseapo, was caught, nnd tried n second timo and shot. Reports have been recoivod of a oonspiruoy having bcuu discovorod among tlio Circassians in tho Russian army. Sovoral uffioors havo boon UDmcroifuliv Bliot. Iu tho firing botwoon ICnlnfnt and Widdin, tho Standard corrospundoat at tlio lattor place stales that tlio Routnaniau guns woro directed against tlio military hospital lit Widdin, whioh was flying tlio rod cross. Sovoral of the ivnlids w.-re killod, and others woro wotindod. Liout.-Gonornl Sir Arnold Kimball lias rc. turuod to Greece from ICurs, nud is stated to havo oxprossod his opiniou thnt the Turks CAunot hold out long. A largo number of gentlemen who havo sorvod in tho British army are about outcring tho Turkish urmy, aud it is thought thut thoy will innko thoir presouoo felt as did tlioir pre- dooossors'iu 1844 aud 1845. A tologrum from Vicuua.iu the Standard of May 30 states 'that Count Soliouvnlnff lias assured Prince Bisinurk that Russia oovats no acquisition of torritory in IJuroponu Turkey, and tlmt sho will oveutunlly only claim Upper Armoniii as far ns Kars, excluding Evzcroum, so as not to interfere witli English interests uoar tlio Euphrates, providod that English uoutiulity is uot ohnnged duriug tho further events of tlio war. Tho Russian mid Austrian Emporors aro to havo mi intorviow at Hermanstadt. Tho doto of tbo departure of tlio Czar from Buckharost is purposoly not made known. Tlio frcquont accidents ou tlio Roumanian railways hns giveu riso to a fear that a con spiracy to eauso his death is afloat. Advicos from Gonornl Loris Mclilcoff, ro- coivod nt St. Potersburg, statu tliat the Mus sulman population havo rison en waste siuoo tho prooluuiatiori of the fotwa by tlio Slioik-ul- Islum. Gouoral Rosclioff, it is said, hns boon coinpollod to retreat before the .Circassian in surgents. According to n Tiilis tclogra'ra tho Russian garrison of Sukhoum Kaloh, nftor tlio dostruo- tion of tlio place aud fort, retired to tho forts aud blockhouse of Macamba, ou tlio hoights to tiio north-oast, nud have boon roinforood by tho battalions of rifloraoh from tho ICubao, and rogulur field aud mountain batterios. Not withstanding thoso reinforcements an attack made on tlio Turkish positions at Sukhoum Kaloh a fow days ago, sooms to havo boon completely uusuceossful. Tho Russians woro drivon book with loss, leaving a considerable quantity of urms und amuaitiou on tho field. Tho offcot produced by tho insurrcotion in tho Cauoasus, tlio Vionua oorrosporidout of tho Times says, sooms to bo nil tho greater in Russia as it was quito uuoxpootod. All no- counts previous to tho war wero such ns to oxcito no apprehension about a possibio rising thoro. Tho raoo bntween Boyd and Higgius was rowed in tempests of wind and raiu, and tho rivor was lnshod into an angry roar. As Boyd was known to bo sufforing from au nttaok of boils, tho hotting wns strongly in favor of Higgius. A clear load of two longths was gainod at thu start by Boyd, who from that mornout hold 'tho raoo soourc, Higgius not having a ghost of a ohanco against liim. Altogothor it wus a hollow affair. Tho Dailg 'Telegraph commenting on tho race says there was u space of at least 200 yards botwoon tho mon as Boyd wont under Barnes' Bridgo ; and thnt ho oo'uld huvo won by a quartor of a milo is uiideniablo had ho not judioiously sluokonod his pnoo ; as it was Higgius, who showod nu uttor inability to contend with rough water, was about 20 lengths bohind at tho finish. Boyd won iu 28 minutes 24 seconds, by Benson's ohrouomotor wnteli. With tho stakes of £400 aud tho Soulier's championship, Boyd also took ns a oliallongo trophy, tho huudsomo oup givon by tho proprietors of a Nowonstlo papor. It is vory likoly thnt Boyd or Blaokmau will go to Australia and thoso compote with Triekott, who Inst J un'o easily dofeutod Josoph Sadlor for tho Thames ohmnpiouship, but doolined, before leaviug Euglaud, to row with Higgius, Tlio following aooouut of tho sinking of a soooud Turkish' irouolud in thu Dauuho is tolo- graphed by tho spooinl correspondent of tho Times ut Buckharost " Ouo of tho moat daring deods ovor recorded iu tlio history of warfure was porformod ou tho Lower Danube, nour Ibraliu, ou Saturday morning, May 20. A sniull dotuobmont of Russian soldiors, com manded by Lioutouau t Dubssohiff, uocouipauiod by tho commander of tlio Iiouinauiau flotilla, Major Murgesou, loft tlio northorn shore of tlio Danubo iu u number of small bouts, uud pro- oooded towards tlio Point Potru Fotoi, bolow Muobin, and opposito Ibraila, at wliioh point thoro was stationed a largo Turkisd monitor. Tho night wus vory dark, and thoy mauagod to surround tho monitor boforo botug discovered by tho Turkish sontrios on board. Tlioy woro oballongod, nnd " Who goos thoro" raog out on tbo night air. Major Murgosen replied in Turkish, " Friends," Tho Turks, evidently uot satisfiod, oommonood flriug in tho direction of Matohin, not knowing whoro tbosO boats wore. During tlio firing, sovoral of tho Rus sian soldiers, under tho diroctiou of Lieutenant Dubasoheff, plungod into tho water, swam siloutly to tho hull of tho irouolud vessel, and plaood tho deadly torpodo in closo oontuot with tho bottom of tho monitor. Aftor tbo destruc tive inaohiuo had been socuroly fastouod, and tlio wiro of an olootrio battory had boon acou- ratoly adjusted, tho raon retired to tho neigh boring shore of tho rivor, uud at half-past 3 in tho morning tho monitor was blown iuto thu air, with all tho oflicora uud orow. Tho explo sion wus lorrifio ; and as nothing is said of tha orow beiug suvad, it is supposed that all on board porisbed with tho vossol. Tho cool dotorinination with whioh this fearful ontor- priso was successfully ourried out, spooks for itself. Tho futo of tho second Turkish monitor ulroady sout to tho bottom of tho Dauubo witli all on bourd, shows how futilo is tho expecta tion that gunboats can . maintain tho mastery of u rivor linod with hostilo butteries, fillod with onomios as resoluto as tbo mon wlioso doods aro reoorded above. Tho name of tho monitor destroyed was tho Dar Matriu." At on annual meeting of the Natioual Rifla Association, it was resolved to get up a united toum from England and Ireland to shoot in tho long raogo international match in Amorica. 