NG III ERO OF ATTICA. p of Andion GQroco. ia XII I. -Continuel.. 'hastened forwsard, and was :. puiqt of speaklin$ with o." n Andrornmeda drew her " ii:ould you do, ladyv?" ,not go to the palace," replied Sin alarm. " My father is first inqury of AEgeus, there I am lost." .iad Andromoda, " you cannot ': ÷ne." i will allow you to go with ·1thi '?rse he would; but do you Sdanger of such a movoment? ;vcill miss me,.and he will ask 'I'nI Glaucis cannot tell a lie, :- be forced to reply that he -t to ~depart from him. Then ast.know why I went. which ming you into the question. -Id, if we slip away unob. ?,?*s will have no ex lanatione S.eri?em:c .must simply say that ord.a is gone, hot how, when, or aknows not." hbtd at once saw the force of her gkdasoning, and allowed herself .2ugaclk to the rear of the proces It folre she and Thalia remained bei By-and-bye they reached a vLare a narrow way, with an btrane. opened to the left, and r-eewomeda touched the Princess ?ia°m. imebrm.· Sr me quickly and quietly," Fi" Keep your mantle over your m top to answer no questions." iodadvd, was so dense about the ;3lla: - itwa and so much noise was being :,a6t the slipping away of the mbtales5 was not noticed. When ~~ince gained the narrow street, ~Ooa hastened on until she was e had cot beyond the notice Td, and thouen she allowed ,uSome up by her side. S. take x on to my own house," "u?ut I hardly think that ,,a ?f It may be that the . and; for me, and if he does, qhoer must-not find.you with , a rp' ?lRrt Of the city there '6.- cobbler, who, from the good .tfhoth done him in times past, cltmuch gratitude. Be is an aid-hearted ,nan, and l know ysre us. His wife is as good '. will be to you a friend. I A.vil seek his abode." .en?,.?o to the old cobbler's," re iert,kne, "but you mnst not a,?me. You must go forth . eus for what is safety to ,L" .n danger ?" me, my sister, to do all I can '??' have seen you in a place -'ill seek my companions. "hat you alone are interes to, vou are mistaken. Let u' that Glancis and the atf Athens who have been Ape lions and labyrinth of at'not rest until they have a ?reserver." .erslng Andromeda led' the part of the city which lay sea i-f the hill of Mlars, and at .ro( ipped before anp'open stall, ',bblcr was busy upon his was an old man, of small sparkling grey eye, and ?shed lips, about which 'f extreme good nature. ietr½ros," spoke Andromeda, S'e to thee forhelp." lthe :gods, I see a ghost," 'nir, dropping the sandal '.was at work, and clap \ 'atogether. rairos; Iam no ghost." ,'t not Andromeda?" ?ay the griffins fly away with r aiirt not telling me filaehdod. yst' behold the gentle Andromeda a. board the fatal ship for Crete ? etrrs' ? ? - davy:sc'ceress ! Tempt me not." cthe~;'Aidiros," said the Greek -evnging, in spite of her anxiety, ' ?tness of the old man's man "t?ever hear of two giants that hd, the Corinthian Isthmus ?" initol have, fair sorceress. " a?stes, the Stretcher a he stretched 4is victims ..~,tlad; and Periphetes, of dout you cannot frighten '.;\ile enchanutess; for arers are dead." ' ' .plw,.iem ' .- ::rcttere's- the 'mystery, false ss~Ty.?~, ere slain by a valiant .;iobl~fyt knows." boi 'you are mistaken, old 'The valiant hero is known, w .rheadr d cobbler." ,of :kno6is him, abominable -'eumstk , - ed, atm, thou miserable hen meeat iadn vagabond." the tconditiat terrible thunders of 30, with a vbhou callest me hen r unusual nur I'll-belabour thee ,,eiaeer witlm ret mg of the bilg'ap. Get thee gone, the deck pumuting, grace-forsaken eg'; tlat,' noti-s. the Andros listen to me. a, and I will tell thee po ; he but first lead us away Slife," said the cobbler, look u?~ up.into the maiden's face,, spit ,out those foul names 'Jfl did in truth remind me of i; but no. a foot do you put welling until you have told a Andiomeda, how you came en know the' old man well now that he would have his S?l~not hear," she replied, ug man named Theseus dito be o~e of.the seven youths bite tPo th King of Crete ?" To be ·Cor.tnjue. !r :' 