THE STORY-TELLER. slADOWS ON THE SNOW. Be B. L. FazJEOS. (Author of a Blade O'-Grass, London's Hteart, &e;,, &c.;) PART IIL O-aRIBsTAS A.5InA AT WARLE*.COMBE. There are two faces under every hat ane is worn in solitude, the other is shown to the world, Each uorral lives two lives -son outer and an inner life, Simulation Appears to be a necessity; and the glessy g?lak exhibited to the world has generally Smomewhatr ragged lining. Another year has gone, and it is Christ oas again at Warleycombe. The curtain bfs dropped upon the tragedy of many thouusands of human lives, and myraids of hopesn and fears have culminated and been engulphedin the awful Mystery which purrounds humanity. Lifesorrows have been quieted,-and ambitions set as rest, aince Father Christmas last smiled upon the pretty Devon lane, As we know, rorrow has visited Laura Jlarrild; but she ptill mnoves anmong lher father's guests with "be quiet grace of old, She has been sinit ten with a great grief. which will shadow 11 her future years; but she has her duties to perform in thie world, and site ,erfiormsthem meekly and patiently. She dwell- with calm sorrow on the memory of her lover, and in her heart she cherishes The rpe that he wiii return-to her-; and phe will forgive himn. and take him to her rheart again, On that she has resolved 'for a nature like Laura's loves only otce god loves for ever. But still, it is very painful to her, This C1hristmas is so like the last : the snow is on the ground, and all around is so little ghanged; the company is the same ; and, but for theabsence oa one, and the silent -grief-which dwehlwithin--her -bearty-old Father tune tnight have been standing still during the year. The Ways and the Wymers are present, ns arealso the Raniages. Time certainly .axstaod still Inr them,_ There is so little iphange in them that they might have been put to sleep last Christmas Eve, when the party broke np, and might have only just iwoke to continue 'he festivity. The very younglpeople have grown somewhat taller, ntid have acqui-ed ad,!itittal experience : as witness an extremely young lady in white muslin and a blue sash, who last year was much too infantine to take an importanlt part in the procCedings, but who is now ?irtin desperately wi!h three little hioys. Jt is wonderful, indeed, whete and how women learn the thousand charms of manner which send the braitns of the other sex a-whirling, One thing is certain-they Commence very young, In the kitchen are Samuel Knox and Kitty Grater. It is scarcely necessary to mention the retainer of low degree, who has been again engaged to assist in the domestic arrangements; for he has fallen to iis proper level. had he been presumptous epnogh this Christmas Eve to attempt to -iss Kitty under a sprig of mistletoe, the hbances are that he would there and then have been wiped out of existence by BsmuelNoek; for, s onderful to relate, In this the the sixteenth year of their .ourtship, Samuel's passion has found ex pre.sion, How it occurred-in what shape or manner-remuains a mystery to this day. -either of them can tell; but it has oc lured, and it is a settled thing between them. But when marriage was talked of, gitty tesolutely shakes her head. ' No, Samuel," she says, "it's nto use you talking to me of that. For untill bMisis Laura's sweetheart comenie hack and makes jt up, I'll never marry, if I live to be as old as Methuselah." With this, Samuel was fain to be con eut; and he had, indeed, hby- this time, -aceptted Kitty'sa-u!timsatun- with peI-fect Jesignatiou. Doctor Bax was there, as genial .t&. ever. Jielhad not changed a whit. And except that during the past year, he had made himself more loved by his quite sympathy, ]ather Timewouli also seem to have stood still for him, There omne men who never grow old; the goodness of their livwt psarcs all wrinkles, and their faces are as pleasant to look upon in their age as in their youth. - And Stephen Winkworth and his daugh -er were not absent, True to his promise ofspending Christmas with his friend, -?iel,hen would remain ,until death. 'lhe f?ces of father and daughter showed the irmpress of the past year. Some fresh grief Feemed to have fallen upon them, and Stephen's eyes were constantly wandering, epprehensively, to his daughter's face. In TilTIfat group, Stelphen, probably, was the only one who knew the cause of William ,irfield's light, He had not divulgei veyn to his daughter, what had passed with Williatm on that Christima, Eve; she. had' onrce or twici asked hIim questions which he lded evaled ; and he kntew that she sus pected him to be the cause of the enstrange mirent between the lovers. He had accused ?sirself, over and over again, of his 'con duct on that night. I'rue, he had but told Williamn the story of his life, but he had fold it with a purpose which he did not are to conceal hbut he was not at all cer tain that what be had seen Laura's con ddt was blamable. Then, what hid been tre result ? His poor child had been g'ndered more wretahed; her happiness hal been the stake, and he had lost. And she was for ever mutely reproaeching him with her eyes, for the misery hehad taused, .altra was sitting in the eurtained recess ir which rhe sat last year with William. liHer thoughts were dwrlling sadly on that t*ie; and as .-he loked out upon the un hlangoed scene, her eyes filled with tears. lier farber, who wra watching her silently, presently joined her at the window, and taking her hand, begged her, not to grieve. " lam not grievine. father," . she said ; lrlt I cannot help thinkitg of the differ elice between this Christmas and the last. tl doe make nme a little urhapyy," atnd iltiatle to proceed, tie? gil laid. lher hea-d lruon her father's breast, and sobbed qrltiely. " r wish," said Reuben Ilarrild, "that W:illiam Fairfield had beenat the bottom Of the Red Sea, be&'oe he thought of coming to Warleyombe." h. ' HuFth, father !" said Laura gently. "PDo not say that. William is not to Blaure. It was all my fault." " You are always saying that, child, 3low can it lie sour f?ault that he should deceive you ?" ' I-Ie has uot deceivedl me, father," Laura replied "it was I wnho deceived himt. 'Cs,"' sie crontirned, quickly, stopping trhe hasty remark which was risen to Reuben J?arrild's lips, " I rmust tell you all, father. 1 .annot bear that y.u.shoulhl wrng him il your thoughts. Oh, fatlher, as you love ine, let mle speak, ard listcn to me patiently for a few minurtes." " What are you going to say Laura?" psked Reubent Harrild, as a grave expres sion stole over his hface. *' You have made mie promise,'" con tinued Laura, ' nuot to speak uponb one subject; but I caniot keep silence any longer, Do not shriik from me," she said, as he turned his head ; " look at- me, dear lather, and, as it is is Christmas Eve, he patient with me, only for a little t ime," He could uot resist her pleading, and he motioned her to proceed. I) Do you remember last Christmas Eve, ihrher ?" Laura asked. " Yes chill." ' Do •o r.inember my coming to vou in tile study, an! asking you for a Christ inmas Box ?" I e nodded,. I '" Father, I came then to ask your fori. givenes for Arthur"-- . "? Lauraj'.' l;e had isen: hastly to his feet, hut Laura caught. his hand and pressed it to.her lipp, ..Doctor Bax, passing at the moment, carelessly arrangtd the curtains, so that the two were shut out from nb- rvation, '' I must speak, father," said Laura, passing his arm round hier neck, and • pres sing it to htr bosom. ''Imnust speak now, if 1 never speak attain.' . He allowed hiniself to he drawn closer toi hei, arid listesied. ' a',/Hs- was out in the cold, the whole night, father," she continued. .' William and I were stanoing. where we: are now standing,.and I saw Arthur's shadow, on the snow.' " But William did not know ?" he inter npted, qui..kly. " No; William did no1 know. That is the cause of my unhappiness. William saw the Shadow and wanted to go ouit, hIt I knew if was Atrthur and begged Wi'limhi to remain. Arihur had come to wi-h me good-by, for he, was guiik . to the Col.Knies tie. next day, :Oh ! father, it shlmnost broke my heart to, part with him, a,.d I be.ged him to see me once more at mid iutt.---r-I-thouglit I anightLprevail i;.on you to forgive him, aild I came up to your study to ask you ; but you remember you would not listen to me. He was war ching you throtuih the window, .father, and bade you goqd bye in his heart; for he lovesyou, ald has never comiiniitted a faith asinie that one." IRebenri Harrild's countenance twitched c tnvuisively, alid, he dissemigaged himself genti!y-fr.om-Lara,- auid-turn.edhis Jae_-to the wall. "At midnight la-t Christmas Eve, I wished him good-bye. - He'bade me, if at any.time you would allow: me to speak of him, to g ve you his dear love and duty, and to tell you hat he wotdud, through all his future life, endeavour to atone for' theone faul' of which he had been guilty, Oh! falher, thilik of him with love, and fargive him !" t "Go on to the end, child." said Reuben Ha;rrild, qtuietly. " I have never seen William since that night. He wrote me a few words, saying that he had watched - our meeting-ot course-lie did-mnokilow-it-- as-Arthur he went away believing that I had deceived him. I did blame him a little at first," Laua sail su'eetly, " for doubting me. But I have thought since that he was hardly to blaine. Per he did not know i had brother; and I was wrong in cusiceal ing it from him. "And all your happiness has. sprung from my fault,'" Reuben said, drawing hi' daughter to him; "oh I my child ! if I had only known" . " You would have.' forgiven Arthur, fathe. ?" slhe a'ked, in a whisper, as she lay upon his breast. *' Yes child! God pardon me! Iwould have foigiven. hib !" "' And you forgive him now, father !" "I forgive himn now, dailing !" and he pressed his lips to hers. " I am so ha.-pp,": said Laura; I can bear my pain, now. for I shall write to Arthur and tell himt." : . Her grief seemed almost to pass from her as she spoke. And presently they joined the guests. "It is a most extraordinary'case," Mr. Wymer was saying. "I think the rnnals of the law can scarcely furnish anything morerein.rkable. The everland mail has just arrived, and I have the letter here, with-il! the particulas,"'-andie'--pulled omt an official looking envelope, which he re garded with soleinti satisfaction. ' The man, that is, the father of the girl. was a sailor, and was in Port Philip twenty years ago. Strolling into an auction room whete some Government land was being sold, he with a sailor's recklessness, bid for an allot ment. It was knocked down to him, and pullng some moiey out of his pocket, he paid Hfr it, and look a .receipt. A few days after that, his ship set sail for England, and he arrived here with the receipt, which he gave to his wife, whoin return gave:him a great blowingup for throwing away his money. Years passeld, and the sailor died, leaving behind him a little gi'l. The widow married again--thi time to a tallow chandler, who also had been married before. The tallow chan'ller had two grown-up daughters, and these two women b haved unkindly to the sailors' little girl "- _* ,Quite a-case of Cinderella-over -agi," interposed Doctor Bax, pleasantly. "I don't know anything about that," glimtly remarked Mr. Wymer, and giving the little Doctor a severe look for the inter raption. * I look at the matter only in its legal asp.:ct. The tallow chandler dks, and the tallow chandler's second wife 'lies, and the lit:le girl is left to the mercy of the.-etwo slrews. They treat her abominably. They beat hir, they do not give her enough to eat ; but. for all that the girl grows up into a re.narkably good-looking. young woman and a 'espectable young man falls in love with her. An attachment springs up between them, hut the two shrews, directly they becotime aware of it, warn the young man away from the house, threaten, the girl with all sorts of punishments if she does not break with him, and so persecute 1 them that the young man emigrates to Vic toria, promising the girl to send for her or to come home for her directly he has made some money. He arrives in Melbourne and gets employment in a lawyer's office. Hi< employers do a great business in con veyancing, and he has to search over deeds and government grants in the government land office, until he, knows who owns evety inch ii the city. One day he comes across the record of the government sale at which the sailor purchased this allotment-he sees.the name of his sweetheart's father-he knows that he was a sailor" _'"Ebenezerr!" ?ere exclaimed Mr. Wymer warningly, " don't get excited." " Only myenthbusiasmn, Eliza," said Mr. Wyymer ap.logetically, and cooling down directly, "As I said, he recognises the name, and writes home to the girl for par ticulars. Shte writes, in return, that her father had once been in that part of the world; that she is very miserable, and ho;eslhewill coomeand fetch he-. At the same timne,.the sends him some old papers, which were her mothe-'s; and searching amongst themn, he comnes upon an old re ceipt, ,vorn alttost to shreds, and finds that the allotment the sailor purchased is in the ver) heart of Melbourne city. He lays claim to it on behalf of the girl, he comes home, and gives the case into our hatds; we get up the case, and instruct proceedings of course," anid here-all thle members of the firmu smile aigreeably, " andsl this is the letter telling us we have won, and the young man iscoming homue again with twenty thousand poutdsto marry the poor eailor's daugh ter." "' Wonderful places, the Coslonies," remarked Doctor Bax, "and wonderful things h'ave taken place there; some very dereadfil things, too. I read in the papers this morning, that at some new gold! fields discovered in New Z-aland; forty men were fsund perishing in the snow, and that most of them died. Whatia the matter Laura" he askedl, as Lanra rope, and, with a wh te face, walked.tremblin" ly away. She did not reply, but went mechani cally to the door--How-like-tLe last-year everything was, ,outwardly. Upon this spit, William had kissed her, and bade her good night; and she might never see him again. She shuddered at. what Doctor Bax had said--'.' forty men perishing, in the.snow!" ,Her, brother, or her. lover miglt be amongst those men. There: was horror in the thought, and a sudden I'aint ne's -caine over her. In truth, she did faint, dcead into the arma'of Doctor Bax, who-had-followed-her to the door. "'Poor dear! poor dear !" exclaimed the Doctor, looking at the white face lying upon his shoulder. "It is a sad Christ ma' this for yon, my poor Laura; Come, cheer up my dear," he said, as the opened her eyes; ' we must not have you faint ing away like this. Idint that I am, to speak of,,such, things. I might have known "-- "HITow could you have known, Doctor Bax?," ? asked Laura. " I do not know that he is amongst them. I am strong again, thank you. It is very foolish of oe to give way. Go inside, dear Doctor. D)on't let me make everybodyiniserable this C1hristmas Eve. Very well, if you will not go in without me, I suppose I miiust accompany you." And, smiling almost cheerfully,' she took the Doctor's arm, and joined the guests. The young people of. the party were happy enough- sorrow had not entered into their lives; and most of them spent the evening pretty much as theyhaddoune ayearlfore._ _ But there was one present whi' was, indeed, suplrenely unhappy. Hardened and cynical as he was, Stephen Winkworth could not look unmoved uppon the form of his ponr, crippled child. His misery was intense, for it was not relieved by hope. Day by day he saw her wasting away. She bore her lot nncomplainingly, and in silence. In this lay his chief unhappiness. If she hatconfidein himn as ofold-if she had complained to him of her suffering he would have been more content. But no: the bOed that united them was loosened. She choose rather to suffer in silence than seek his sympnathy. Hapless, indeed, is thlat mortal v h(ose life is passed without the light of sympathy and love! ' He had been watching his daughter the wholeofthe night. Not once.did he see her smile;--not once had she lookedl to him with affee:ion. lie could not endure it longer. "' Alice," lhesaid, in a hearse whisper, as he bent over herchair; "Alice,I want on-spieak-with you alone. --l i'-you-come o)ut ?" He could not but speak ten:derly to her. She was his child; she was all he loved on earth; and though hIis passionate agitation Was nma-tering him, he schooled his-vdice so that it should sound as little harshly as possible. Without a word, she rose and followed him. - It was a strange fashion of her's, that she should wear her hair loosely; and as it hung down in heavy mnasse, it almost concealed her deformity when she was stauiding in repose. '" Come out into the night," he said. He scarcely knew what impelled him to take her into the cold air; but he felt stifled in the house, anid experienced a sense of re;ief when he reached the carden walk that bordered Warleycombe Lodge. The girl stood patiently before him. "Alice," he said, " why do you not speak to me ?' " What shall I say, father ?" she asked, in a weary tone. " Say !" he returned, almost harshly; 'say anything. Why do )du avoid usy look? Why do you torture me with your silence ?" "F' ather," she said, solemnly, taking his hand, "look up to the stars. They are -very- beanutifu.- -Notin-my.dreams-havep L seen a grander picture than this. The Divine Lord tliat shaped the world, that gave us eyes to see, and ears to hear, and mind to understand, is looking down upon us now. Se! the earth so pure-the trees so lovely-the sky so bright! If I-Heaven be as beautiful as this. how blessed is immorality. "Well, child l" he said, awed into quiettide. " Well, father !" she returned; ' we are sent into this beautiful world to enjoy its blessings. Weare here not to repine, not tomurmur, but to live, and be grate ful. If any one of us has sorrow to bear, it must be borne. My lot, Heaven help me ! is haid enough "-- " It is, child, it is,'' he groained, re morsefully, " Why should you make it harder ?" "Alice! " \- "-o-hat ve -rought-.me-here-4-speak and I must. My heart cries out against' you; I cannot help it. Since last Christ ma., a new light has. shown upon me. Father!" she exclaime!, turning her face suddenly to hbs; 'why have you never spoken to me of my mother?" Stephen staggered as if he had been struck, and ~. deadly shudder passed through him. "1I never saw her-I have seen her picture. I often wondlr if I shall know her when I see her in Heaven;- or if there is something which will shut me out fromu her love in the next world, as death has done in this.j Father, speak to me of my mno;her!" "I cannot, child; I cannot," he mur mured, hiding his face in his hands. S':. so0 yearnt for-love, father-it- seemsu to me that I can no loner live without it -your love-forgive, oh! forgave me" arnd she wound her arms round his neck, and drew lis face down; "your love pains me. It appears to me unholy; for you take it from all othlers to give it to me. Do you think that, when I see the want of sympathy that exists between you and all around you, I am inot pained? Do you think I do not suffer when I see good ment and women smile upon each other,:and inot upon you? When you shut yourself out from man's goodwill, you shut me out, also. Your life is nort a blessing, father-Heaven -pardon me for--saying--so-butt-it --is a curse!" :' Yes, he felt that what she said was true. His life was a curse, blighting everything with which he came in contact -blighting even his child's happiness. ' Alter it father, alter it!" she con tiuned, earnestly. " Think better of the world. Live in it and be of it. Do you remember what I told yoti, last Chrk mas Eve. of my-of my love for William Fairfield ?" and she blushed crimgon, and trembled as she spoke. " 1 have con qsered it, father. His love does not belong to me-it belongs to Laura. And oh! I pray that he may come back and mak her happy. I knse beea silent to you. I have not been to you what I was; for I have felt within my heart that you did something last. Christmas night to part them. What you did was done for my sake, and when I look et Laura, who is good, who is true, I say to myself, that I am the cauee of her misery. I do not ask you to tell me any thing, but, ob! fathrr;if you can remedy any wrong yourliaveddzte, do so at once, anid mtie het happy." " There was such angui-h in his face, that she took his hand; and held it as if to comfort him. "You can make my life different to' what it is, father, she continued softly. "' Speak to me of my mother." " Child," he answered, as in agony,' I cannotspeak ofyourtmother, She made me what I am." "How long has she been dead? It must be a long, long time, for she has been dead to me all my life. Did she wrong you, father ?" ""Silence, daugh'er!" he cried, in a voice ot pain. "You must not question me!" "I m'ust not be silent," she returned firmly. "Oh, if she wronged you, father, have you never forgiven her ? It is awful to think that she has been dead all these years, and. that the ashes of yonr anger are still burning. Bless me, father, in my mother's name, and say that you forgive her!" She knelt down upon the snow, and. raised her hands. Could he look upon his poor, maimed child, and not relent? Slowly the tears came into his eyes and blindel him. The flood.gates of his heart were opened once more, and the memory of happier times-of times when he was a better man-clung about him with softeningiinfluence. Blurred in the moon light, he saw the form of his daughter still kneeling on the snow; and placing his hands upon her head, he said '" For your sake, my child, I forgive! In your mother's name, I bless you !" There was certainly something extraor dinary affecting little Doctor Bax; for Laura, who, struggling to forget her grief, had been playing forfeits with the young people, raising her eyes, saw him looking at her with an -expression she had never seen before.: Directly their eyes met, he turned away his head; but the next moment he was looking at her again, and still so strangely, that she asked him if anything ailed him ? "No, my dear," he replied, but speaking verj confusedly, "there is nothing the matter with me.. What should be the matter with me, you little puss, eh ?" " I don't know " said Laura : but, upon my word, yoe- look-as-if -you had- seen-a ghost ?" " Ah I ha I" exclaimed the Doctor, laugh ing so loudly that all eyes were turned upon him immediately. "What do you think, Mr. Harrild ? Do I look as it I had seen a ghost" " I don't believe in ghosts," replied Reuben Harrild, smiling, "therefore I am not a competent judge." " You don't believe in ghosts, dent you ?"'' said Doctor Bax, taking Laura's hand in his, and patti.g it gently. "I do; I see them often. I am always seeing them I never pass a churchyard at night without seeing a hundred of them dodging round about the tombstones. I do believe, noev, that if I-went- outside- this-house,--I--sould-see-a ghost directly." *' What sort of one, Doctor ?" asked Laura, alm'.st gaily. "I am a wizard, my dear," replied the Doctor "'.and lshiould -raiseJ-pdthbeoneL most wished tn a-e. If you had your choic', now, what s .rt of a ghost would you con jure up ?" Laura turned very pale, and would hIave withdrawn her hand, but Doctor Bax held it firmly. " Curious associations gather round one at old moments," said thie Doctor. They had drawn away from the company, and were standing by the window. " I am just thinking of a little episode which happened in our family. My.fatler-it is forty years now since he died--had a brother, Frank, from whom he parted in anger, and whom he never saw again. Upon his death-bed, the thought of that brother was his greatest trouble. I was a youngster at the time, but I remember well his words. ' If I could but see Frank.' he muimured; 'if I could but see Frank !' And then he turned t>, me, and bade solemnly.never to nurse auger against mortal man. 'Your uncle treated me badly,' he said,' and I have been at war with him all my life: but if I cou'd see him now, and press his hand, and ex change a loving word, I should die happy.' I hlave never forgotten his words, and through all my life I hare never let the sun -goRdown-upon my-wrath." He still held Laura's hand, and did not appear to, heed the curious look that Reuben Harrild threw at him. \- "Tiherare mysteries and miseries in al families," the Doctor. continued. " It is wonderful, the suffering man inflicts upon himself. You hadl a son, I remember, Reuben " Ldura held her br-ath. "Yes, I had a soc.," said Reuben, gently. "Go on, Dor tor." " You parted from him in anger," pursued Doctor Bax.' " He went abroad : what if he should be dead '' "No! no I Doctor Bax !" cried .Laura do not say that for mercy's sake, d, not say that. What if le should be dead," con tinued Dr. Bax firmly. . "What if he should have died, unforgiven I If it were so, would you not give your all, Reuben, to take him.once more to your heart, as you used to do when he was a curly-headed boy ?" -" -wou?ldT-le.ieven-help-Tme -"-- --- " Last Christmas he was here, was he not Laura ?' asked thle Doctor. "Yts, he was here," sighed Laura. "You saw his shadow, upon the snow," said the Doctor waving his handkerchief across the window. S"I saw his shadow upon tihe snow. Look, Doctor, lok l" Laura gasped, for at that moment, the shadow of a man darkemd tlhe snow-plain without. " Keep up your courage, Laura. Do not tremble so my dear. Renber Harrild, if that we re your son-if he were come to ask his father's pardon f,,r a fault deeply repented of-if, rescued almost miraculously from a dreadful death, Ihe should have travelled ba-k o'er stormy seas, to the home of his youth, humbled,, contrite, perified,,"--- - "' ts be _ ' cried enbhen IHarrild. as the_ shadow advanced.' "Come, child, let us welcome your brother ! ' " Upon my word," said little Doctor Bax, wiping his eyes, as he was left alone, " this promises to be the most glorious Christmas Eve in my remembrance." And going amongst the company, he de coyed every woman and every girl under the mistletoe, from the little thig in the blue sash to the dignified Mrs. Ramage, and kissed them all with the most intense en joyn.ent: which ol eration being satisfac torily conclnuled, he went out and joined the Harrild's. Laura was weeping upon her brother's breast, while Reuben stood by, holding his son's hand. -" God bless-you, sister !L-sobbed-Arthur. But for your sweet counsel, this blessing might have been denied me. Oh, laura, do not weep I There is a greater blessing in store for you " " Arthur I" she cried, raising her eyes to his with a hungry, yearning look. '* Yes, darling," continued Arthur, " there is a greater blessinig in store for you. Do not turn away, Laura! He saved my life, dear: but for him I should not now be holding you in my arms ; and he has come with me to ask your forgiveness. You will forgive him, will you not ? He loves you perfectly, dear. Thank God l thank God I This moment recompenses for all !" At her feet knelt William Fairfield I She raised him to her breast, and on that blessed Christmas Eve, under the solemn splendour ot the starlit heavens, the lovers were re united, never more to part in life ! It was late before the Christmas party broke up. A happier company had cer tainly never assembled within the walls of Warleycombe Lodge. There was gladness around all; every one appeared to have grown sudd'nly younger. Even Stephen Winkworth's countenance wore a satisfied expression ; and, much to the astonishment of the guests, he was observed to smile on two distinet occasions. "Where is your skeleton now, Doctor lax 7" asked Laura, as she, William, and Alice walked up to him. "The skeleton you were grubnhling at last year 2" " Gone, my dear,' replied the good Doctor, gaily; " flwn away, in company with a host of others. It is hidinig itself in a corner, grumbling at my happiness. Ah, William ! before you sleep to-night, fall up-n your knees and thank God for the good he has bestowed upon you! As for yeso, my dear," he added, turning to Alice, 'if I were not an old man, I would marry you to-morrow; but as it is,. I suppose we must be contented with our lots, and go on in the same hum-drum way as ever. Stephen Winkworth," he said, as Stephen ap proached, "will you let William have back his farm? Come, say yes, good naturedly." "Yes," returned Stephen, turning very red, as Alice kissed his hand; I have been wanting to offer it back to him, but I did not know how." "Then,everything is settled," said theDoc tor; "and excepting that we are all happier, this Christmas might be last Christmas, and the year that has passed might have been a mistake. A mistake, however," he added gently, "which cannot be rectified, and which will not be taken into account when the life account of each of us is balanced in the ledger of Old Father time I" The guests had departed, and William who had lingered behind, was standing at the doorwith Laura, looking out upon the night. He had told her of his dream on last Christmas Eve, and was pointing out to her the place where he had seen the shadows. "'They have taught me a lesson that I shall never forget, darling," he said. ."My Love, stringthened by Faith. can never yield again to Doubt. Tell me once more, Laura, that you forgive me for tihe sorrow I have caused you." "I forgive you, William," she said; " although it seems as if I had nothing to forgive, I am ao--erfectly--happy.-The sorrow of tihe past year was bitter; but its fruits will be sweet. And oh, William ! I shall never th nk with any other feeling than gratitude, of the Shadows you saw last Christmas upon the Snow I" (Concluded.) 