A CHRISTMAS TALE. BY NEMO. Last Christmas, being on the road as usual, and haying to look after my woolly chaiges, I felt somewhat disappointed at not being able to spend the festive occasion of Christmas Eve with my friends in Adelaide ; however, as I was 250 miles away from that happy place, I had to make the best of it, and defer the pleasure. But 011 the day preceding Christmas I met with an old friend (a squatter in the neighborhood), who invited me to spend Christmas Eve at his place, and as I had a deputy whom I could rely upon, I gladly accepted the offer, and rode over with him to his station which was about fifteen miles away from our camp, and there I spent a very jolly evening; we were quite a large party—my friend Mr M., his two sisters, several 3'oung friends of his own from the neighboring stations, and an old friend of mine whom I shall call Wilson, who was just then the manager of a station not far away ; they were all intimately acquainted, and I had not been in their company an hour, before I felt as if I had known them all for years. The young folks had a dance, and games of all sorts were kept up till after ten o'clock, when supper was brought in ; after supper, the girls began to discuss a wedding, which was to take place at a neighboring station about twenty-five miles away, and my friend Wilson who was to be best man, was joked about such occasions being dangerous, and bets were offered that he would soon follow the example of his friend, to which I replied in jest— that my friend Wilson had met with a disappointment in early life, when to my surprise, he replied with a sigh— " Yes," that's true enough, and as we are all friends here, I don't mind telling you about it. Of course the l.idies were delighted, and we of the sterner sex had to accommodate ourselves to their tastes; so beginning his story, he said:—When I was a young man of about 22, I had a very narrow escape and a sore disappointment, which my friend Nemo's remark brought to my memory. I was then clerk in an office' in LondoVi ; my employers were largely employed in the colonial-trade, that is, the^ made shipments on their own account to Canada, India, and Australia, as well as executing orders or indents for their clients in the colonies, and disposing of the produce consigned by them to the firm; it was the work which passed through my hands in connection with this trade, which turned my attention to South Australia, and finally led me to leave a good situation to come out here, where I found clerks were at a discount, and I had. to take to a new mode of life, but this has nothing to do with my tale. We had in the office a large number of clerks, ranging from the old confidential managing clerk (who was almost like a partner in the firm) to three juniors, whose employment should have consisted in copying manifests, invoices, &c.;, but who made it the chief business of their lives to play practical jokes on each other, to learn comic songs out of a dirty dogseared book, or to munch ginger-bread nuts ; by this means they managed to pass the weary hours from 10 a.m., to 4 p.m ., without doing more than the very smallest amount of work, which the manager would put up with. The parents of these lads had paid heavy premiums to get them.into the office, in order that having learned the mysteries of the counting-house, they might at some future time become merchants on their own account. I, having been left an orphan in early life, had entered the service of the firm under different circumstances, and had worked my way up from the position of messenger, to a desk and a salary of ^150 a year, with a prospect of a speedy rise. Among the juniors was a lad of the name of Henry Holdsworth, one of the most generous, high-minded young fellows I ever met with; who, although he would occasionally work very hard, was generally speaking an inveterate idler; his parents were peqple of considerable wealth, \yhq were living on their own estate in Huntingdonshire; he was an only son, and had managed by great natural ability (in spite of his idleness) to scramble through the curriculum of a public school, and his parents had sent him to the office , of - • and Co., to learn habits of diligence in business; this he certainly learnt, but unfortunately his chief business during office hours was drawing carricatares of the manager and making comic songs, at both of which he was Tin adept; while after the office was closed, no one could have worked harder than he did at cricket, boating, and other kindred occupations. Some of the others used to give themselves aits occasionally, and were rather inclined to look down upon me as only a paid clerk, who could not talk about his father's horses and the delights of the hunting and shooting seasons at home, but Holdsworth always treated me-With gentlemanly courtesy, and as by my greater knowledge of the world, I was able to be of service to him on one or two occasions, we soon became friends. Christmas came round, and I got a holiday for three weeks, when Holdsworth invited me to spend my holiday at his home in Huntingdonshire; I at first excused myself, but when there came a letter from Henry's father, expressing the obligations he was under for my services to his son (which had evidently been exaggerated by my young friend) and pressing me to accompany him home, I acceded to the request and we started, and arrived at my friend's home early in the morning ; soon afterwards I was introduced to the family, which consisted of Mr Holdsworth—a rather stout, goodnatured looking man of about 50, Mrs Holdsworth, who was a somewhat delicate lady about ten years younger, and two very pretty girls about 16 and 14 respectively—these were Henry's sisters; they were all most amiable in their reception, and I felt at home immediately. Country life was new to ire, and I found ample amusement— shooting and fishing all the day with my friend, while in the evening we had music, songs, and duets, and a game of chess or whist—both of which Mr and Mrs Holdsworth were very fond of. In the course of a few days a large number of guests were expected, and the young ladies were quite enthusiastic about the balls they should have ; in the meantime they gave me a full, true, and particular account of the invited guests, in order (as they said) that I should sooner become acquainted when introduced; among others whom they expected, was a cousin—Miss Maria Holdsworth, whom they spoke of in very high terms as a finished musician and amiable, warmhearted person, or as Lucy the youngest expressed it—the very best of darling cousins. She arrived the next day with several others, while I was out with Henry shooting, and that evening I was introduced to her, and found she was a splendid creature ; the first time I saw her, I was struck with the exquisite symmetry of her form, and the unstudied grace of her every motion 3 then as I turned over the music for her while she played the piano, I do not know whether I was strii.k most with the brilliancy of her complexion or the brilliance of her touch j she certainly could play as I never heard a young lady play before, and as she sat there playing good-naturedly nearly all the evening while the others danced and as I hung over the piano, i thought her the-most perfect woman I had ever seen; I scarcely ever saw her during the day, as I was chiefly employed in out-door sports with Harry and f wo or three other young men of his father's! guests, At first I found the days were all too short, but in the evening I basked in her smiles, and in short fell deeply in love; the days grew wearisome to me after that, and how ardently did I long for the dinner hour to arrive, when I could meet my qngel at the table : and for the iong evening when I could enjoy her society and conversation after the ice was once broken. I found her to be well read and well informed on subjects which are usually considered to be beyond the comprehension of young ladies, and as we discussed her favorite Shakespeare with his universal knowledge qf human nature; or the weird mysticism ^nd deep yearning for higher light, together with the mazes of unbelief and uncertainty wh<cH Schiller h^d lost himself in, or the pretty pithetic (but more or less artificial) strains of Moore, which were then great favorites in society; I was charmed with her poctic taste and correct judgment, and I felt : that to go mv&y; and leave this gifted creature for ever, would be to take all the light out of my life ; with this thought my heart sunk within me. Who was I, that I should aspire to have my life gilded with such ' perfections ? How was I (a clerk with only ^150 a year) ever to expect so much beauty, so much grace and gentleness to become mine ? especially combined as it was with an intellect which would have enobled the most talented of my own sex. Alas ! I retired that evening in a most unenviable state of mind, and for the first time in my life I felt that providence had dealt hardly with me. I had arranged with Henry to go with him at daylight, to track an otter which had been seen on a trout stream that ran through his father's estate, a ml as we truiiged along through the snow, I was somewhat surprised and considerably disgusted with his flippancy, when he accosted me with—" I say old boy, 1 begin to think it's a case of spoons between you and Maria; she's a good old girl, but scarcely the thing for you. 1 ' Now, although I knew that it was Harry's way to speak of his friends as old boys and old girls, 1 felt disgusted at his applying such epithets to such a charming being as Miss Holdsworth, and I told him so in plain terms, at which he laughed and replied —" By jove Wilson I had no idea you were so hard hit, and the best of the joke is that it's a case of mutual admiration, as I heard Maria telling my sister that you were far superior to any young man she had ever met in her life." My friend went off again into a fit of laughter, and although I told him there was nothing to grin at, I readily forgave him; in fact I could have forgiven him anything after what he had just told me, and I inwardly resolved that I should dare my fate, and stake my future happiness on a question to my darling (for such I called her to myseh) that evening ; but as Harry rattled on he let out the fact that she had £200 a year which had been left her by an aunt recently deceased, and under these circumstauces I thought it would be more honorable on rayv. part, first to speak to my host who was her uncle. We met as usual that evening, and I succeeded in persuading her to walk out on the balcony, where we spoke but little, but enjoyed the sweet communion of loving hearts, which require not words to interpret their feelings. It was with great difficulty that I refrained from throwing myself at her feet and beseeching her to be mine for ever, but I am proud to think that honor prevailed over love, and when we were called in to join the old folks at the whist table, not a word had been spoken to compromise my angel in the event of her uncle refusing to give his consent. Alas ! that consent was never applied for by me. How little do poor short-sighted mortals know of that which lies before them. The last lingering clasp of her hand and the timid glance turned quickly away, told me plainly that J. was loved in return, and sent such a thrill through my whole •being that I was totally unfit for whist j so that after revoking two or three times and trumping my partner's ace, besides leading up to ray opponent's hand, I was ignominiously dismissed from the table 4 ill id the hearty laughter of our host who was my partner; I joined in the laughter, admitted that I was not up to whist, and retired early to my roam. Oh ! could I have foretold the events of the next few hours, I would have , but I must not anticipate ; not feeling inclined for bed, I sat down in a different fry,me qf mind from the previews evening, and began to njeditate on my coining happiness; I had no doubt about obtaining Mr Holdsworth's consent, as I could see that he had noticed my devotion to Maria, and that it gave him considerable pleasure as well as some amusement. Still, as a prudent man, I thought it my duty to consider the question from every point of view : I had very littl§ money, but I had a permanent situation of ^150 a year with a prospect of a rise, and I knew that Miss Holdsworth had ^200 a year; so that with this I should he able to afford her all the necessaries and many of the luxuries of life; her own money I would settle upon herself, and would insure my life for a considerable sum, so that there would be a provision (it* case of accident) for herself and Tier children ; at this stage, all business matters were dismissed, and I gave ,myself up to the contemplation of the 4e-* lightful future, and sank into a reverie, where l saw myself the possessor of a i beautiful wife - the envy of my bachelor friends, and the parent of happy children who would run with joyful shouts to meet .their loving father when he returned home ifter his office work was over. I had already in my fertile imagination, pictured to myself our eldest—a noble boy, the image of myself, and also a sweet girl—the very counterpart of her mother, and had got so far as to be debatiug the question of what would be the most suitable toys for them, when I was rudely disturbed from my reverie by a great commotion in the corridor, and loud cries of fire. I had sat there thinking so long, that nearly all the occupants of the house had retired to rest, but when I dashed out iuto the corridor, I was told by a terrified female servant that the whole of the lower part of the wing where I slept was on fire, and that the flames were coming up the staircase ; my first thought was for my beloved; I would save her or we would die together ; I rushed back into my room, seized upon a pair of blankets, and enquired which was Miss Holdsworth's room; the girl indicated the room, when just as 1 was about to burst open the door, regardless of all proprieties, my darling herself opened the door and called for her maid ; she was clad in a dressing gown, but I did not wait to speak to her, and much to her surprise no doubt, wrapped her from head to foot in the blankets, snatched up my precious burden, and made a bound towards the blazing staircase, but was stopped by the servant just as I was about to throw myself into the flames ; she showed me a passage, through which I could gain the main staircase, and descend into the hall; I gained the hall, and took my lovely prize into the drawing-room, where I found the family and many of the guests assembled; the little breath I had left was fairly taken away by the roar of laughter with which • I was greeted as I leaned against the window curtains after depositing my dear Maria in an easy chair. I could not understand such unfeeling conduct and was completely dumbfounded, when casting my eyes towards the easy chair, I saw before me there, where I thought I had placed the most charming and beautiful of her sex, struggling with the blankets and almost suffocated with her close wraps and her indignation—a lean, angular old creature, with skin as yellow as a kite's claw, jaws devoid of teeth, and a wrinkled cadaverous face ; a false front was hanging over one ear, showing a scanty crop of short grey hair underneath. I do not easily lose my presence of mind, but for a moment I was bewildered; I Soon recovered my senses, and the horrible thought struck me—that while I had been rescuing this old creafure, my beloved might have perished in the cruel flames. I started up, and was about to rush upstairs again, when Mr Holdsworth informed me that there was no longer any danger, that the fire was confined to a small pantry under the stairs, and a few buckets of water had completely extinguished it. The fire it seems, had originated in the pantry, and the flames had burst through one of the steps of the wooden staircase, when it was seen and immediately extinguished. Still I could not understand their insane mirth, for although Miss Holdsworth was not in danger of heing burnt, she may be seriously alarmed, and I at least could sympathize with her in even a causeless alarm. But I soon found that the reality was even worse than my direst apprehensions—The female I had rescued 1 was indeed my Maria, there she sat, but in the hurry and alarm caused by the fire, she had not had time to make up; she had been snatched up by me and borne into that crowd, without having time to put on her complexion, or to adjust her hair and teeth. After the first shock, how I blessed that drunken man of all work, who transformed for the occasion into an extra footman, had managed in so critical a moment to set the pantry on fire. When the post arrived the next morning, I managed to receive an immediate recall to London, and started by the early train j Mr Holdsworth &cco;»* pariied me to the station; aud I could see that it was with great difficulty he -managed to preserve his gravity, but though we had a long conversation, and he pressed me to repeat my visit whenever 1 had a week to spare, I did not introduce the subject which had made me too happy to sleep on the previous nighi. Harry behaved very well, for though the temptation must have been a very strong one, he never spoke a word in the office about the events of that night, except that sometimes when I felt in captious humor, he would roll out in a sonorous voice, and with the greatest gravity the inj miction of the church; that—" A man may not marry his grandmother." This was my only sore disappointment, and what I look upon as a narrow escape. Since that time, however much I may have admired a young lady, I could never bring my courage up to the proposing point, as I felt that my perceptions were not sufficiently keen to detect the difference between the reand the artificial. Now (he continued) that I am getting an old fellow, an J am vagabondizing in the bush, I'm "'never likely to undertake a speculation of that sort. When Wilson had finished his storv, the young ladies with one accord pro- 'notinodit too bad ; that he ought to %a ashamed of himself to insinuate that . young ladies ever had recourse to artificial means to enhance their beauty, but some of those present who were noticeable for the luxuriance of their hair, said riotlung at all—I suppose they thought it was not necessary. At all emits, . Wilson got no credit for his attempt to amuse them, and an old gen- " tiemau called uncle Herbert, was called upon to tell a story—it was requested that (if possible) it should be a ghost story. Well, he replied, I never saw a ghost, nor did I ever see a man who had "seen a ghost, but I was once in what ,ihey said, was a haunted house, arid a curious circumstance took place there — which "I will tell you about, but I am " afraid it' Will be like Wilson's—a rather long yarn. Being assurefl that we were V'^lV prepared to listen to any extent, lie ' ,Mghii as follows :—One Christmas; \- *wliei\ I was ' out twenty years of age (which my grey hairs will show was a long time ago), I went to spend my i Oh: iritmas holidays with an old friend of my father's, who lived at Nuthill Abbey Sussex. It was a beautiful place, the scenery was not grand or romantic, but it had all the peaceful beauty which ! an undulating country covered with trees and intersected with rivulets always gives ; even then in the depth of winter, and covered with snow as it was. the place looked charming with an avenue of . noble Scotch firs and hollys, which were always green and pleasant to the eye, but the house itself was the finest and principal figure in the picture.—It built on the side ot a hill with a southern aspect, so that the balcony which ran all round the front and both sides of the •liouse, led at the back into a garden on the side of the lull, where there were groves of hardy evergreens in great pro- ' fusion ; in tlie front, 011 a ground floor • was a noble hall, aud 011 each side were t'lk; library, billiard room, offices, &., tlie family'living for the most part on ' tii first floor. The house was of briuk, av.. 1 had. originally very little pretensions t). <-.niainent, but nature had supplied t]ji deficiency by covering the walls out- 's;,;,' with a luxuriant mantle of ivy, and ' ui , vnder the place all the more cliarin- • -in^ithada veritable haunted room—one wiiidi (although situated in th»? jflost pleasant..part of the house) had been ! shut up for'many years, and had only recently "been opened up and renovated ; there was a sad and horrible legend tached to that apartment, and not one of the servants would venture into it after nightfall 011 any consideration. I had been in the room with Mr Waltliam (the gentleman with whom I was staying), and tad very much admired it—a door opened out 011 the balcony, and two windows looked in the /same direction, from which the view of the vaHpy heh\v f the river in the distance, and the backr ground of hills, was magnificent • o» each side of the old-fashioned flj?epl«?fi ' was a deep recess or alcove, quite large enough to contain a full-sized bed, but most likely in the times of old, when the monks reigned there, they had massive side-l)6ards, covered with rich fare and generous wines ; the room was such as may .have pleased a sybarite,, yet it was still uuoccupied. There was a large company of young people of both sexes in the house, and one evening Mr Waltham announced the advent of two lady visitors whom he expected the next day, and said he was rather puzzled where to put them, unless they were strong-minded ladies, who would not mind sleeping in the haunted room. I, of course, offered to give up my room to the ladies, and take the dread apartment myself; in fact, I was very glad to do so, as the room had taken my fancy immensely ; so the arrangement was made, aud the next day a bed was set up in one of the alcoves I have spoken of, and I took possession. But the subject of the haunted room having been broached, there was a general petition to Mr Waltham "to give us the legend, which he did, and the subject was so impressed upon my mind by the after occurrences that I distinctly remember it all. He said :—The sad event which formed the ground-work of this superstition, took place in the time of my great-grandfather, and has been handed down by tradition in the family to the present time. In 1750, my ancestor—Walter Waltham lived in this house with his young wife and their infant son ; he had married the daughter of a neighboring gentleman of property, but of eccentric and dissolute habitsj who had managed in the course of a not very long life to break his wife's heart, to drive away his only son, who ran away to sea when quite a boy and was lost, and to dissipate most of his fortune among the roysterjmg blades and penniless adventurers, among whom he passed several years, fighting and intriguing for the fallen cause of the Pretender—Charles Edward ; his name was Harold Kenworth. After the battle of Falkirk, where he greatly distinguished himself, the cause of the Pretender became hopeless, and Kenworth returned bankrupt in health and property to his daughter's home, and kept quietly out of the way of the authorities until he died there. That daughter was all he had, and she loved Him notwithstanding all liis faults ; she a beautiful creature, and as good as she' was beautiful ; she was in the prime, ^of life, whereas my ancestor was verging on the decline, but her love for the husband who had taken her to his heart and home when she had 110 other protector, was (notwithstanding a little disparity in years) both tender and true. As for him, having married a charming girl of 23, when he had arrived at the age of 44, his whole soul was wrapped up in his young wife, and the only doubt which troubled his mind was whether such a lovely gentle creature could be happy with a man so much older than herself. There had been some talk of an engagement or love passage between Mrs Waltham and a cousin—one Hugh Maylston, when she was a girl of 18, but'this had been broken off, and Hugh Mavlston who was a Lieutenant in the Navy, had been absent ft-oii* England for some years. No one who saw Mrs Waltham, would have doubted her happiness. as she played with her infant boy and caressud Jier husband—nor at such times did Walter Wallhaiji doubt; his soul was satisfied, lie knew his darling was happy and that he was sur premelv blest, but there was ft tempter in the house ; his half-sister Rebecca— a crabbed old maid, Mas alway ready to meet him with a super about old fools being blind, and when absent from his darlitfg wife these thoughts would con r tinually recur, Tlw» thepe cajije a miserable moment, when far mrse thai) he had ever imagined was milized, and ]je became mad with grief and jealousy. He liad been away from home for two days, and was learning, full of the happy anticipation of again ^ye^ing his djea? and babe ; he left his horse at the stable, aud £ojng through the ffftrdiJH, crept along dip y^my to give his Wife ft ffWd surprise; hp opened the door of his wife'* room, and there he saw her sitting ttitU p. handsome young man, in the uniform of a iuiv;;] officer, who had his arm around her waist, *.hjlp her head rested Jpvingly 011 his breast ; then, as X before/tui became mad with jealous fage i he fifed a j}i»iol at the unhappy g^d fris wife'fell mortally \vo^ua(41 the W toftM fa had sprung upon hig rival and stabbed iii^ {9 0e keqrt; strange to say, the firing of fiifi jjisifli attracted 110 attention, as the servants were in a distant part of the house, and the mad-man was left there with the bodies of his victims ; he was about to fiy in horror from the spot, when his eye was attracted to a letter which was lying on the table, it was to the following effect:—" My Dearest Sister.— Your brother, whom you have long mourned as dead, has arrived in England from Spaiii yesterday. He will call on you and your good husband to-morrow morning. My darling Lucy, how I long to embrace you, and your best of husbands, of whom I have already heard and know his excellence.—Your loving Brother, Ii ahold Ken WORTH. 0, who-could conceive the misery of that moment ? He was a miserable man before, but in his rage and sorrow he felt the fierce joy of a deep revenge ; now he saw that (without any cause for the act) he had imbued his hands in the blood of her who was his darling and the joy of his life, and had slain her brother who had come to meet him with such feelings of respect and friendship ; as he looked upon the features of his beloved wife now cold in death, it was more than he could bear ; unfortunately he had still auother pistol, for it was the fashion to travel armed in those days, and presenting this to his own head, he instantly shet himself. The report of the pistol alarmed some of the inmates, and when the servants entered the room, they discovered the three bodies on the floor weltering in their blood ; the blood of the unhappy man having not only been scattered over the floor, but having even splashed the ceiling of the room. Ever since that time, that room has been avoided by all our family, and has obtained the reputation of being haunted ; the floor has been taken up and the ceiling replaced, but still the legend adheres to the j>lace, and it is said, particularly among the old servants belonging to the estate, that at certain intervals the scene is re- enacted by the departed spirits of my ancestors, and that the blood spots have actually re-appeared 011 the floor and the ceiling ; however, I need not tell you that this is all superstitious folly, nevertheless, the old housekeeper—-Mrs .Warn, firmly believes it, and if you want any more information on the "subject, I must refer you to her. At the conclusion of the story, some of the young ladies declared they could never find courage to go into that side of the house after nightfall, but there was an instant offer of convoy and protection from the young gentleman present, and at the close of a very pleasant evening, I retired to rest, and slept undisturbed by the ghosts of either murderer or victims ; happening to meet with the old housekeeper the next day, I asked her about the legend of the haunted room, when she told me that (in addition to what Mr Waltham had told us) it was firmly believed in the neighborhood that whenever one of the family was about to die. the pistol shots were heard in the room at night and the blood spots appeared on the ceiling ; when I" pressed her QU the pqint, she acknowledged that she had never seen or heard it herself, as the old master had died away from home, and 110 one had died in the house in her time, but it was evident she believed the story nevertheless, I spent a very pleasant week with Ml? Waltham, and had forgotten all about the legend attached to my room, and certainly did not attach the slightest importance to fJm judle, biit on the night of New gear's Eye, w(i had 3II remained up Jo iyelponje t?»P advej$ ,qf the Ne\y Year, ftild it was consequently early the next morning wlw?n I retired 5 I had just got into bed, and lay listening to the wind wailing through the fir trees and whistling through the ivy ytf the walls, I thought how easy it would be fbp a timid fir superstitious mind to find' the" wailing of a josf Sujpit fn the sound of the wind, as the shffil blast rp/?e ah» fo4 to 3 scream, gijd then squlf with a n}ournful pa r deuce nhilQSfc into » S?gh qf despair. Lying snugly in my bed in a warm room, it was quite a delicious sensation to listen to the varying sounds of Uio (Ij^urbed elements outside, and Slaving put''oujt my Ojl^, f now sinking into ,the confined recbll'eejioris qft?n lirecede slumber," wlien I was suddenl? i^roipeij hearing a %d report like 'the soijnd of ^ jjfstjjl in the 'took i l g°P W f4 P my oandle, and searched the whole il of the room, but could find nothing ; the fire had burnt out or very nearly so, and besides it had been a coal fire and was not likely to have produced such a report; at last, as I began to feel very cold, I got into bed again, and left the solution of the mystery for another time. When I rose next morning, I looked narrowly all over the room, but could find no explanation of the mysterious lioise ; in one place 011 the ceiling, I noticed a small red spot, however, I attached little or no importance to this, as I concluded that not having looked closely at the ceiling before, I had overlooked this spot which had always been there, and very likely had given rise to the tale of the old house-keeper, about the reappearance of the spots of blood. On the next day we had arranged to go to a ball at a place a few miles distant ; some of us started early in the afternoon, and I did not return till the next morning. When I went to my room I happened to cast my eyes up to the ceiling, when to my surprise I saw that the small red spot had increased to the size of a five- shilling piece, aud that it had become of a much deeper red color, in the centre shading outwards to a pale pink—it looked in fact, exactly like a clod of blood ; indifferent as I was before, I was now thoroughly interested, but I was determined that for the present I would hold my peace, but my rest and comfort in that room had fied ; for hours did I lie awake, pondering over that red spot, and daily and hourly did it increase in size and brilliance of color ; for three nights I lay awake, the greater part of the time pondering over this marvel. I could not see it when I lay in bed, as it was immediately over the hangings of the bed, which would probably account for the servants not having discovered it, but on the fourth day I could stand it 110 longer. I went in search of Mrs Warn, and pointed it out to her, but 110 sooner had I done so than I bitterly regretted it ; no sooner did Mrs Warn catch sight of the blood-stained ceiling than she went off into violent hysterics, and I had to support her in my arms to prevent her doing :helself some- bodily injury ; her piercing screams : soon brought the whole household together} aud I soon became aware of my doubtful position when I saw four young ladies looking on iu open-eyed wonder at me in my bedroom, where I was holding a fat old house- keeper in my arms and trying co soothe her agitation. At length, however, Mrs Warn having been handed over to the care of some of the servants, I was able to explain the cause of her terror aud my own rather questionable predicament. At first, Mr Waltham was as much puzzled to account for the phenomenon as myself, but a soarch 111 the attic above my room soon explained the mystery—Mrs Warn had placed sundry bottles of black-currant wine head downwards, into a small tub in a pantry just over my bed; one of these (it appears) had fermented, and the pistol shot I had heard that night was the noise made by the explosion of the bottle. The tub being dry and leaky, the rich-colored black-currant wine had gradually soaked through the floor, and into the ceiling over my bed. You may be si^re we had a grand joke over that wonderful apparition, but some of my companions carried the joke 011 even further. That evening, one of the young ladies proposed that I should read aloud, and another obligingly brought in the trial scene—'Bardel v Pickwick, tq ceqd for the coiqpany ; this \yas toq much, I fairly bolted, amid cries of "damages gentlemen, heavy damages is the only punishment with which you can visit him." I did not stop to hear any more. Not so Far Gone.—At the breaking up of a dinner party tvyo of the guests fell do\y[) stait$-ti^e qne tq tl}e bottom and tlje other to the ijrst land-: ing. it was observed that the latter seenjed yery d^kI "Yes," said a wag, " but he's not so far gone as the gentleman down below." A Stahle-keeper, who invariably cautions his patrons against driving too repeated the injunction to a gentman who was hiring a t^anj qf hinj S^tj the othfer day anq received the following response:—'"! : am going 'to a federal ai}d i^ust keep up with the prq : ces$iq!j,. <;yei} if if: "kills the hqrses."—r He was allowed to drive OR. 