RELIGIOUS MATTERS. T&E; Methodist cburcb in the vtflage is dotae; now. a. it has always done, a good and noble work for Christianity and the cause of public morab ; tat it has not escaped tbe trial, which are permitted sometimes to afflict tbe Church wiilitsnL I esrs ago, when the coogregstion was first organized, it erected a small but very pretty frame meeting-booM. In the course of time the people became mnsosfied with the location ofthe house of worship; and as tbei had a good offer for thesits, they sold it and ? a, m It mm j.il. « »..nl1iai ...T-ail— »— - ooogoE ? Dnser one in - enomer tjniner. xoen they potrollen oader Ae boHding; aaA aa aooa uit wmaoff die ground the pordueer ofthe lot began to ba3d s dweUioe- haase oa tbe Ktc Itwuelowmrk poetnog the AmoA ?loop the eovaedtfait tbe tide *rf the new ate was no good, and w- the t»—g'« wae i»yt«nH«*^- Tbe next day tse brethren went plunging noond townfaTm^tobjuMrtfawaite, bat ncrbod j had one to eeD ; and on tbe fbOowtqg TtrfTPrx the nrporneon got an 4icoep finm tfae court w* qmripg that nwettpg-honse to be removed from the pubuc abeet wbJuo Irwent^wor bonn- The brethren were nearly wild about it, and they begged old Brindley to let Aem run the concern m on fan Tajcsnt lot temporarily nniil they could look aroood. But Brindley belo:t?p1 to anothw drrKHnination, and he eaid be felt that it would be wrong for him to do anything to behp a church that baBeved false docbinsa. Then they ran tbe meetmglaun out on tbe turnpike beyond tfae town, where* npoo tbe tompike company nobfied tuem that it. charges would be eight dollars a day tor toU. So they hauled it back again; and whSe going down tfae mu it brake loose, plnnged whiwijIa thefenceofDr. lCeckry's garden and bronght up on top of his aaparara-bed. He is an grwropalian. and be sned tin meeting for damage. ; and tbe sheriff levied upon tfae meet ing^ioaee. The laethisii paid the bill and dragged the bmldini oat again. They wanted to put it in tfae courtiouat ysrd,biltJlmg»l\riudler,whoi.aPB-4ytarian, mmmVA l4l«t jfljj. Jl sULLtniniT tllB aatjstntjM a^U^tAl&V; fas could find no Uw anowmg ? Methodiat roeetirg- bomtobe looatedin that place. In despair, tbe brethren ran the building down to tbe riTenhore and Sited it on a bage raft of logs, eandndmg to tas it to tbs wharf until thay coeJdbayalot. But as the owner of the wbajf handed tbam on tfaetnnd day n till tot tmtttf Sn doum for whsr&n;, thsy took tbs bmidnaj eutandaridioreditmtbestrasm. That nJEht a tnt*oat, coming np the river in the dark, an hallway through tbe 6andsy-sebool room, and a Dutch brig, coming into eouaaon with it, waa drawn out with the pulpit and throe of the front pan oamdmg ftom the bow-font. The owner, of both voarls sued for damages, and a— TTwa^l hm- -Mil— ii— t-lfrrJ ^f— ic— a. navigation. Bat ? few days aaennud tfae ies gorge sent a Hood down the rivet and broke the bmUmx loose tram its anobar. U was aab ?BnaantV washed ?anon on Eeyear's farm ; sad be .aid be was wnEng ta tot it stay there at ?sordoBarss day rant Mtn he waa ready to pioaghlbrsjorn. As the oast of removing it would have been very great, the trnatees ntbUnatoly sold it to Keyasr for ?bam, and tbeo.aeom^a goodly tbeybuatal.no. eome edinee of atone. On the first Sunday that the conpagsnou vrarAipedmtheriew church Mr. Potts attended; and in accordance with Us custom, be placed hBaukb^hbatjuat otrtaideof the pewin tbe aide. In a Sew mnmtnti firs. JTooea eutiiifcd, and as she laouaned np the ais'e her abound ing ekirlseaurbt Mr. Potto' bat and roUed it nearly to tfae pdpk. Mr. Potts pursued his hat with bungs of indignation; and when Mrs. Jones took her east, he walked hack, broshine tbe hat sritb bis abeve. A Sew momenta later lin. Hopkins tame into church ; and as Mr. Potla had again placed his bat in the aide, Mm HopW skirts struck it and lying on tbe carpet in a demoralised condition. Mr. PoHjto ringing a hymn at tbe tinw, »nd he didn't miae it. But a moment labs, when be looked over tbe end of tbe pew to one if it was asfe. be was furious to ueitai.e that it was gone. He skimmbednp tbe aide after it aeain, red in the {ace, and uttering sentences which were vary mncboBt of pkoe in the nuetaary. termined'tokeep bis eye on it, bntjost as be turned his head away for a moment lbs. Smiley came in, end Fotta looked aroond only in time to watch tbe bat being gathered in under l[r». Sauley'.! akin* and carnedaway by them. He started in pursuit, and just as he did so tbehit must faroroned against Krs. SmDey's anklefl, for ahe gave a jomp and screamed right out in church. Wben her husband aakid brr whst was the matter, ahe Hid there mnst be adog under her drees, and Ae gave bar skirts a twist. Out rolled Mr. Potts' hat, and Mr. Smiley being very near righted, thought ft was a dog, and immediately kicked it so savagely tLat it flew op into the gaUery and lodged on top of the organ. Mr. Potto, perfect]}' frantic with rage, forgot when be was ; and hoUinr; his odnebed fist under Smiley'enose, be shrieked, 'I've half a mind to brain yon, you scoundrel !' Then he flung down his hymn-book and rushed from tbe church. He went home bare headed, and the sexton broneht m. nrnnilinrinr bat around after dinner. After cbat Mr. Potts expressed a purpose to eo habitually to Quaker meetings,' where he could asy hu prayers with Ins bat on his bead, and where the skirt, of female worsbinpeta are smaller. Upon a anbseoaant occasion Mrs. Wbiscler had even a great occasion for dfflStMF*'* I'* with tbe sanctuary. The tactein Mrs. WfaJaHet's case were these: and on the last Sunday ahe attended church Dr. I-ox began to read from the Scnpluroi tie account of the Deluge. Mrs. Whistler was deeply attentive; and wben tne Dr. came to tbe story of bow it rained for so many days and nsmtive and ao ebtmgly impressed with it Cfast sbe involantaruy put op her umbreBa^nd held it over her head as she eat io the pew. It appears that Un. Moody, who sits in tbe next pew in front, frequently brings her lap-dog to enure* with her; and when Mrs. Whistler raised her innbreOasuddeidy, the unoneneetod tbeaemnbffiooBofMrs. Moody'edjg iaaneha manner that he began to bark furiously. of removing the ammal. bnt'it dodged into a rarant pew opon the other aide of tbe aisle and defied him, barking voaferootly ell tfae time. Then Jbe sexton became warm cod inujroant, and he Sang a cane at the dog whereupon the das flew oat and bit his le& Tbe exxstenaant hi tbe church by this time, of course, was amply dreadful. Hot only was tbe etorv of the Deluge interrupted, bat tfae luiuweuetale Sundsy-adtoolaefaolan in the gallery .strndly histed the dog at the sexton, and seemed to COfOT the 'MTfrff* «?Irt**t'IIElJ. Then Elder MeOmn oame after the dog wflh bis cane, and at he panned the animal it dashed aftjwaayi riw- pnTnjt t**1 **n np *bt» w^tp*i »** — '^ a Sera, mannnr that the doctor mounted a chsir and remarked, wuli anger fleshing throncfa his epeotsdeB, that n this diagraoenu aeene did not soon come to an end be should dismiss the congregation. Then the elder crept aofdyan tile stain, and aAn abort strmprle be sneeeeded in graspmg the doj! by one of its hmd legs. Then be walked down tfae aide with % the dog meantime yeSing with supernatural energy and tbe Senjsy-scbod boys making facetious remarks. Mrs. Whtsder turned around, with other members of the congregation, to watoh there treating elder, and as ebedidso sberjermitted end of one of the ribs eangbt Mm. Moody's bonnet. A moment fate, when she waa itraighteeingnn the mabrnus, the bonnet waa wrenched off, and Inmg dangling fiom tbe umbrella. Mm Moody had become exeeed inrlr warm, at any rate, over the onalamrht made opon her dog, but whan Mrs-Wnktler removed her bonnet, she faidy boned over; and rnrning around, wUto with rage, she 'Wbat'd jou crab that bonnet fir, you wretch! ITsiisi'l inn ?aa.li rmmuli flan in this church to-day, staring a poor iiasx.it dofr with-iatarWiim- oiTaneh bonnets as the tnte ox you can s auuru ansajer, do nMtter now mean yon Eve at home, yon nd-beedsd Inmtie yon! Ton let my bonnet alonp, orrnbityoa esilli Iliii imiil. iTil ? in iim.iwj. now mind 'rben Mrs. Whistler, tar tfae fiat time, seemed to mafia that tar nmbreua made her cwupirponn .osbs fararist cj» condnded to eacape fin an aodvinHaaqg fMihou byflouv borne. Assfasateppsdintotbeaialeberanemy Caveherapsrtbi(aalate: -SnaaUmj oT bsfm tfae nbeliau, too) You'd bettor opend Ism tat 1 ill' lend give more tothepoorbesJhan if jmToWt want to fatd it hereafter T Tfaen^bazanto meheraelf tnriondy.aad as Mrs. Wearier emerged tram tfae trscttdaar ?ndtUnfabeosuBseabnerthe doctor reeumed Oe story ofthe Flood. Bat Mrs. Wtastlerhas given oi- ber pew and gone over to the Ires ££L, ansTtW ZrTrmnm. ««* ?fa- Moody is aoing to aeeede also beoaase sBder IbOimimtoa da* she ehau lean ber dog at The Donas end tmMomvr/ matin of tbe cdbkb aiB pafticnlany actne. bat they VM9 ? ?smewfast diaamraced m veer or two *p by certain unfmiauiiu ocenrreocea. Tbe ladies of the Dons Society made up a large anasaaty of shirts, trousers «oi soekv, and boxed them op and sent them to a fmsvionary station on tbe west coast oT Africa. A man Darned Ridley went oot with the boxes and staved in Afries for eevenl montto. When be returned, tbe Doress Society. oTooone, wuanxioos to bear iow ita donatun was moexMdf ana Bailey we evening met the member, and told them about it in a little speech. Heeaid, 'Well, yon know, we got tbe dothes out there sll right, and after a while we distributed them amougsome of tbe natives in the neigbbonr hood. We thought maybe it would attraot themtolhe miaaion, but it didn't ; and after some time bad eUpaed and not a native came to ebarefa with tbe doUu» on, I want onton an exploring expedUjon to find out about it. It seems thu on the first day after the goods were daflributed one ofthe cfawfa aSempted to drew, himself in a shirt. He didn't exactly an derstand it, and he pushed hU legs through the ?rmeSand eathered -be taO np amoild bis waist He couldn't pake it stay np. however, and they say be went around iooniiing in his native tongue what kind of an idiot it wsa that con structed a garment that wouldn't hang on, and ?wearing some of die most awfal faeatben oaths. At bst he let it drag, and that right be got his legs tangled in it somehow and tell over * precipice and waskiOed. '? Another chief who got one en properly went paddling aroimd in tfae dark, and tbe people, imagining that be waa ? ghost, aaorifieed foufbsbie. to keep off tfae evD spirit 'And then, yon know, those trousers you sent out? Well, they fitted one pair on an idol, and then they ?tuned most of the net with leaves and set them up as a kind of new fangled id Is and began to worship them. £ Thfrv saw tbst tfae services were very hiuaiesil li. V Souie of tbe women split a few pairs in half, ' and after eewini; up the legs used them to carry yams in ; and I saw one chief with a corniain leg on his head a. a kind of helmet. -I think, tboneh, tbe eoeks were most popnlsr. All the fiebtbw-men sreot for Ibem the first thing. They filled them with maid and used them as boomerangs and war-ehma.* I learned that they were ao much pleased with the emeiency of those socta that they made a rain on a D*i2h-»iiring tribe on purpose to toy them ; and tbey esy they knocked aboot e^iy women and children on tfae head before they came borne. Tbey asked me if I w«suanV speak to yon and get you to send out afew barrels more, and to make them a litHe stronger so's they'd last longer; and I said I would. 'Tbit society's doing a poirerol good to those heathen, and I've no doubt if you keep right along with the work you wfl! inaugurate a general war all over the continent of Africa and give everybody an idol of bii own. AH they want is enough eoeks and tiumaa. IH take them wben I go out again. ' ^ Then the Dorcas passed a resolntinri drrtsrmg tfaatit would, perhaps, be better to let the' heathen go naked and give the clothes to tbe poor people at home. Maybe that is the better 