UNDERI ''IlE SEA. T'Ir s were scrambling down the rocks, a gay, chattering procession-pretty ILKato with her captain ; Dr. Gray supporting his invalid wife; Helen, IHabel, Tom, and their inidshipman cousin; last of all, Esther Vane-alone. It ooeemed to her morbid fancy right that it should be 8O. Iionco forth she must be alone-always. The little gulidlo trotted onl in advanco his round, telln-year-old face wearing the vacant look so strangely coinmIoni to that, part of the ,Main coast, with its glorious scenery. T'lhere the ocean it considereil simply . vaLt depjt of herrings alnd porgy oil, and the mountains an untoward obstacles in the way of a primitive hnlubsandry. " Blast them, I wishl they was flat," the natives say, as their 'ploughs encounter the bouloers at the base; and, if they look aloft at all, it in to calculate the perches of the " nodder-land " which might be made to occupy the Maneo area, if the heights were out of thle way. Our party felt on the eve of great things. Having arrived only the day before, Mount Noewport, with its wonderful reach of sapphiro son, tie bluffil, the lakoe in their settings of dark blue hill, were still to them images of things not eoon. T''hi, their first excurion, they had dedicated to the "Grotto," or " Dovil' Oven," an the coast people call it; a aort of Mlumarino cavo, unveiled and accesonble at low tide only, and a greamt wonder in its way.' 'lThe path grow stoeper. "Carefully they followed its windings, stop by atop, imre-footed Kato accepting the help Mho didn't need, for that pleasure in being guided and watched. And now the little guide pauses, and withl a freckled forefinger points round a' projec. tion of rook. All crowd to the spot. AhI' thero lb s--the cave of the mermaids, . . wi A shriek of miingloedourpriso and enchant ment burst from the party at the sight. Beneath the low-browed arch the rocky floor rose, torrace above terrace, till in its highest recess it nrot the roof above. A floor for the nereids to dance upon; a floor of pink coral-line, ghraming hero and there through pools of ecmerald water left by the retreating tide. And each of these tiny lakelets seeloed brining with flowers-the flowers of the ocean-green whorls, like chestnut burrs ; anlemonesl with their dahlia blooml; brown and rosy Inosses, among whose tendrils bright fish darted and played, and snails of vivid orange colour clustered; broad leaves of brilliant dye swaying and undulating with the motion of the pool--minut specks of life bathing every irridescent hue; earthly gardon was neover Ho gorgeous. Thie rocky shelves wore diCpled with hollows-so-dftly, exqui sitely carved. No flney of the old classic days reecined too fanitastic or too fair for the spot. T'le imagination instinctively kindled into pictures, and saw the sea nymphs sporting ill the foanm ; bold tritons winding their shells; icermlaid playing at hide-and-seek; niies Oand moocking water sprites peeping from the basins- all dream land and wonderland opening, and the commono eartlh put aside sld far away. With cries of delight the party made their wvay down, and scattered through tile cave. There was room for an crlny. It was hard to realise thact with tie returning tide the spleco mcuccst fill, the gateway close, and leave no resting-place for humann font. " You said the tide was going down, didn't you, little boy ?" " Yoeah." " You're sure P." " Y-alh." " Thatt's nice," criled Isabel. " Then we can stay cas long as we like. Olh I do solme. body, come here and see this." She was lyinlg with her face almost touching the aoneoones. Nobody responded to her call, each had found some other point of interest. Toem had fished up IL seo-urchin, and was exhibiting it. Kate and the captain, in a nicho of their own, cat a safe whispering distance, were absorbed in each other. Esther lhad climbed to the topmost ledge, and was citting there alone. l"or the first tilte in six weary ilmonths, a soneation of pleasuro had coceo to her ; sle wais conlcioul of but one longing-tlat they would all go aeway alnd hcleave her to realise it. Witch role veague hope 1hc got out her colour-box land portfolio, anid begtan to sketch. Sketching, she lead discovered, had kept people oil', and furnished man excuse for silence. And so an hour or so parsed by. Sile heard, an in IL dream, the clhatter of the otlcere, tileir questions to tihe little guide, hii short, jerky replics. Theo pools were Iall exulolced ; thll Ucrteicc cecld u11necuoutle hltd been tickled with pIaranolls, and ilcdeh to shut and opeonl eand sHlht c-again ; tlhe young Ipeolelo began to sigh for future worlds to conquer, and Nrc,. Gray to consider it very damcp. "Little boy, isn't there somothisng else near by which we should like to seeo " " Gucos so." "WVell, where is it ? Tell us, ploaso." " Thero's tle ' lteads,' I guess." "Oh, how far off in tihat? A mile, did you say? Tlhat's not far. I'lpa, tho boy says thoere's a plahco called tlhe ' leads,' only a Imile away, and we waltt to go and nco it. Cau't we go and see it? You know the way, don't you, little boy P'" " Ye-aih." " 1. think thi placo is very damp." sighed lira. Gray. "I should be relelly glad to be somewhero and feel the eunshino egain. I hegin to hacvo creeping chills. Sulppose we let the boy showY us to thin other place, father." " Very well. Get your things together,. girls. Corne, Esther, wo're going." Esthier roused herself as if froml It dream. "Oh, Mr. Gray! IMust I go? I'm in the middle of a sketchl, you ceo. Couldn't you leave ume hero quietly, and pick meo up as you coleo bIueck ?I llolld like it no mucnlh." 'Voll, I don't know. The tide is going out, tihe boy says; thlre won't, be any troubleo of thatL kind. Are' you tsuro that youl won't Ihe chilled, or lonely ?" " OhI lquite sure." " ].'Promise mcr, tlat if yoru are, youl will go to the cottlleg at the bond anid warm youreself, or sit on ithe rocks in the lcln. \Vo'll look for you ill some place or otlhor. Good-bye, my dear." " Good-bye, sir." " And, oil, Et.lheor, you musrt ave sono lunch. You'll le starved before we comno brack," criedc careful chlon. So shIe anlld Tom and r i basket made their waycupwcard, and a deposit of nandwiches and port, wine was left in aL convenient crevice within reach. "Good-bye, dlear. I hopo the sketch will be lovely." And they are rgono-up thle hill-side-Iltrls. Grant last, lealning upon her ehusbaelnd's arm. "Poor childl" silo said, "it makes my heart achll to see her look so sad. Didn't you notice leow shle was longing to have us go, and leavo lher alone ?" "And the very worst thlincg for her. Sho needl rousing, and all this mrorbid thinking does her haIrm." The voice died acway. Estlhor caught tlhe words, and illo smiled at ther-ac hbitter little smile. Thct is what all of then hlad said incoe her trouble begcan. S110 IcI?ect leU roused-anCused-ccand they ]Ild crowded business andcl pleLasureL iupon her until leo sometimUetc felt sche could bear it no longer. This was tche flet' tilno icn mancy weeks thlat ullo Ihad felt perfectly free, free to be eilect, to look ocd, to cry if shlo wished. \VWlt c lIrxucry it was I No ecnxious-eyed lcotlher to cwatelh lero- tloseo comlplrntlive etranlgers witlhdrwnc-thlis cool, rdarkling ilence--it wIas deli(iocnU I IThcere wces nono- thlicg in the very lnatlro Of hler tril wlhich imadel it necOcbeary to veil Iher grief withl reilervo. A blhck drOAess he mighlt weOarL t'lcul vwas Ic CorIsin, cand o0110O shiow of meourningr ice allowed for second concinhcLood, even, nndl for intilmelo frieneldlip ueclh as thleir? hald beeoon. lht no one kirnow of tlhe unicvovwed engagemenct which bound tlhen since thet Ihurried farewell letter in wlichl love found utterance, and lwhlich only reacheld hier after he ociled-thl o siliCng from whichl there wnas ro reorttrn. No one know, as they tarlked compc-selionntoely of her having had a "dreradful lochk, poor girl, hor own cousin, yoe kinov, and such cc tlno young fellow"-that her hleart was wearing widow's weeds, and molurning its dead cll tlheo greet lose of lifo. It would niot bearr teltlleg ecbout, eo she kept silence, aned tried to weanr brave face. Left alone, eho found with snome surprise thlat sile didin't want to cry. All.the omorn ing she hld felt tlhat to creeoop away seomo wheroe rnd weep, tencd weep Iher heart out, woull ble eo good; but tears are contrary things. Sho set theore dulled into. ecainm tlat was almost contenout. She was thinking of the Lime wlheln Paul visited the island aid climibed about that very cavo. On the very rock.lself whrore nlho at, he mnight perhlaps hnvo rested, alcb liked to thinkl so. It brought hirm nearer. . A little later, sIho put her akotch away, and crept down to a broad ledOge, where, thlrough the arch, the oxzquillto lry-lino was. visible, The muax'tumbloel'and ohm od lik. , ? - ? . , , . distanut bells. She lay de if fasc: tead; h- ! eyes fixed upon the shining horiz?. Some ' where far beyond it was the spo which the good ship which held her all went down. Down Whero? Her imaginatioi ran riot.' Cleaving the liquid depths to the inmoo. sanctuary of ocean, she saw the goldso sands, the shadowy green light percolatingf through miles of water.--the overlastine repose which reigned there beyond thli reach of storm, wind, or hurricane. Sli tried to fix the wandering images, and ta think of it as a haven no loss tranquil!than1 the quiet mounds under which are pillowed' beloved heads on earth. ]But it would not' stay. Thoughts of tempest and fury, of chill piping winds whipping the foam from the waves, or roar and tumult, and a hear ing wilderness of 'dark waters, came over her; and through all the refrain of Jean [n?folow's pathetic strain mixed and blend odi 'I "And I shall see thee no ore. Till the sea gives up its dead." Great drops forced themsolves beneath the closed eyelids, and she sobbdd: "Oh, Paul, Paul I how can I boar it I" j And then she thought, as she had thought before, how glad she would bk to di I Life didn't seem desirable any , Im.r, and It would be blessed to be with Pa~i, oven at the bottom of the ocean. Aud thinking thus, the long eyelashes drooped more and more heavily; peace fell upon the brow' and lips; she was asleep-asleep, and dreaming a sweet, joyful dream. low long she slept she never know. She woke with a sensation of intense cold. The spell of slumber was so strong upon her that for o moment sihe did not realise what had taken placo. 'The ca.ve was half full of water, 1Her feet and the hem of her dress wore already wet; and the roar of the waves beneath the hardly distinguishable arch; way told that the tide had surprisbd another victim, and already the avenue o1 escape wais barred. Was this the answer to some unspokelo prayer P The thought flashed over her. Had shi really prayed for death? Here it was close at, hand, and she was conscious of ni gladness-only an instinctive desire foa life. It was too dreadful to be drowned it that hole, and be washed away like a weed Life was worth living, after all. lHad somebody said, or was she dreaming that a portion of the cave was left uncoveres by the water ? She could not remember but now she seoarched about for some ildi eatjon. Ah, surely this is one-a cork, i scrap of paper, lodged on the higher shelf fragile things which a tide must inovitablj have washed away. With that instinsct o property which survives shipwreck and fird ,lho collected her drawing materials ani other little behlongings, and retreated witl them to this possible place of refuge wrapped her cloak about her, and .dit] folded hands, sat down to await her fate. The cave was full of pale green light. '-1 was beautiful to see, as the advaniog flov rose, ledge over ledgeo, and flooded the fair: pools, how each star.flower and sea-urchin each crimson and golden weed, tremble: and quivered as with delight at its refresh ing touch. Each anemone throw wide it petals and expanded into full blossom t meet the spray haptism. No mortal oy ever looked upon sight more charming; bu. its beauty was lost to the shivering an" terrified girl. The doorway had quite disappoarei Sharp spray dalhed against her dress. Th drops struck her face. She shrank, an clung more tightly to a rock, a prayer ros to her lips; and through the tromulWi light of the submerged archway, strange shadow began to go and come, t move and pause, and move again. Was, fish or was it weed, or some mystoride presence ? Did it come accompanied by lii or death ? Meantime, on the rocks above, a di tracted group were colleotoid. The part had come gaily back from thld "Heads, Dr. Gray, ignorant landamnan as he was, ha grown uneasy and hurried them awn; Arrived at the " Grotto," the full extent the calamity was at once evident. The b't had maistaken the tide-flow for ebb-an the only hope was that Esther, discoverir her danger in time, had taken refiigeo the cottage near'by. Thither theylflow but, as we know, in vain. .. The sobbing girls hung distractedly or the cliff, listening to the hollow boom " which 'the waves swung in the oavr beneathl- slckening to think of the as something which might any mom wash outward on the. returning bill The gentleman went for assistance,| brought two stout fishermon to the : But what could anybody do P " If the young woman had senseo'en to climb up to the right-hand cornerd sit still, it wen'.t hurt her none, perhal one of them said. "Not more than t, tides a year gets up there." Ah I if Esther could only be told the They could but trust powerlessly to .b steudiness of nerve and commnon sense. " She's such a wise thing," Helen sobb out. So they waited. A rattle of wheels came from the rot They all turned to look, and someono 'sea "Perhaps it's a doctor I" Though wh earthly use a doctor could have been, won be lhard to sayI A figure was coming rapidly up the pa -a young maun. Nobody recognised hi till Dr. Gray started forward with the fi of one who sees a ghost. " 'aull Good God I It is impossiblol" " Yes, doctor," with a hasty hand-shll "No other. I don't wonder you stare." j "But, in heaven's name, how has come aboutP Whero have you been sir' we gave you up for lost?" " It's a long story. You shall hoar some day. hut"-rapidly-" forgive impatienco-whero is my cousinP WVk is the matter ?" T'here was a dead silence. At last, wi a groan, Dr. Gray spoke: " Patil, my dear follow, how can l t you I Esther is below there." " In the Grotto ?" "In the Grotto. Can anynthing done ?' The young man staggered. Tho gl, faded from his face, leaving him ashy pa For a monment he stood irresolute; then roused himself, and his voice though hils wan firmi: "It's a frightful place; still there: i' absolute dinger, if she keeps her preds, of mind. I stayed theroe over a tide mys csre, just to see it." "Is your bo~et home P" to one of the fishermen. ,I " Yes, sir." "Fetch..it reound then "as quiokly possible." Then to MIr. Gray : "I:h row out thero opposite the ontranco,t make a dive for it. If I come up. insi' it's all right, and I'll see. that no hae happens toEsthor till the water falls, ia we cangoet her out." " lu--tho risk I" " There is the risk of striking tho at as I rise-that's all. I'm a goodm twima doctor, as you know. I think it 'can/ done. Yko can guess," withw, sort of p smile, "how Ihave boon counting on t mootings and to leave her alone, frightenedi and not to go to he, las i. It ,t". shall manage t- never, a e, They saw it ;owed out ha bearings careftlly., shift king the bearing carefully, t one once, anid yet .again, t Than he looked up witf t nt eyes and a nod, and I ds over his head. A splasha and the water closed over I cave Esther watched the I g phantom which darkened fran The spash reached without tliug. he blut in another second a hing ohjet whirled down and inward, STrising. de waves revealed a face-a its face vith wret hair. In the pale, arthly glow, it wore the aspect of death. ow nearer ; aho covered her face with handr. Was the sea giving up its dead, t here, in this fearful solitude, the on of her diowned Paul confronted or was nlbo going usad ? nether se!onld, and the hands were thdrawn. The peril, the excitement of past hour, the strangeness and. un lity of the spot, combined to kindle thin her an unnatural exaltation of feel . Hlad nho not craved this? If they tas aspirita in this land of spirits, was to teL afrai: of Paul or shrink from S? ho, a :hu u~and times nol The face rara close upon her. With id strdkest i* drew near-a form emerged he?w?a om the rock. With a shriek, held out a?nrms. Cold hands clasped s-a voice (did dead men speak ?) cried, Qucenic, I??ueuio !" 'The old pot name! It was Paul's out, but ?'ne the less Paul. " I know are lda.d," she said, "but I am not .o f -oun," and felt, unterrified, a Og a enfolding her. But the breast n whi her cheek rested was throbbing such living pulsations that, halt used, she began to shudder in a terrible ded hope and fear, and she shrunk y from his touch. ?Oh, Paull are we both dead, or only P Is this the other world ?" 4'Why, darling," gently seating her on rock, "you are in a dream. Wake up, e; look at me, Esther. I am not a dead ,but your living Paul, Feeool my hand ti warm, you see. God has restored us each other; and now, if His mercy per we will never be parted again." ?Paull Paull" cried Esther, convinced They wore very happy. Prosy folks, ld they have looked in, would have seen ?-dy two exceedingly wet young persons pated high up on a rocky ledge, with re -ding waters rippling about their feet; ut they, ?ll aglow with light and happi _?au. soarcely know of the lapse of tinme ftore the simmering line of light appeared t the mouth of the cave. With blessed tears streaming down her pheeks, Estherheard his story; how, picked p--the sold survivor of that dreadful seck-by an India-bound trader, her lover lain delirious for many weeks in a far an-d,'nable to tell his name or story; and' A part recovered, started at once for hizue, uid lauded in advance of the letters which ;old his safety. Andso they had utet hereo, mid ",opral and tangle and almondizno;" nad, as she heard the story of his perils, gather clasped the hand she held as if she sever again could let go. T'L'hat provident little Helen-bless her part-',' builded better than she knew," in iJoviding such a store of damp sandwiches m4 refreshing wine for those drenched aiud sappy lovers. And when at last the reced ng tide opened again the rocky gate and he vista of the sea tinged with rosy sunset, ad Esther, aided by strong arms, left her )rison, it was with a glew like the sunset [pon her cheeks, and in her eyes such a adiance of happiness, that it fairly dazzled he forlorn, bedraggled group above. Mrs. 3ray embraced her fondly, and fell into a it of long.deferred hysterics. The boys xocuteda war-dance of congratulation, and Ltelon and Isabel laughed and cried for joy. Ind as Esthur turned with Paul for a last oak at the scene of her deliverance, the -iineo and mnurmur of the sea seemed full if blessiugl tho blessing of the dear Lord rho had conlmposion upon weakness, rester og her to lile, and to that life its lost joy. nYth a thankful heart she went her way. 