(faiojjip Hps. Via Melbourne. The Duke of Cambridge reviewed 14,000 men at Aldorshot on the 27th May. There were, in addition, 2000 horses and 46 guns on the ground. The Army and Navy Gazette says that, in case a cavalry corps is sent abroad, the -HmiRehnlrl Brigade will form a part of it. Her Majesty it is reported has purchased the extensive forest of Ballakbyne, adjoining Bal moral, from Colonel Farquharson, of Invercauld. It possesses the largest area oi natural-grown Scotch firs in Scotland, the size, beaufy, and S3mmetry of the trees being unequalled. An international British celebration of her Majesty's birthday has been held at St. Peters- burgh, Virginia. It lasted three days. There was a very large gathering, ever37 British Association in Canada and the United States being represented, and Americans exhibiting marked sympathy. A meeting of several thousand agricultural labourers was held, in Somersetshire on the 21st May" The Prince of Wales had been in vited to preside, but had written stating that he was unable to do so. Mr. Gladstone and others also wrote excusing themselves from attendance. The object of the meeting was to assimilate the country and the borough fran chise. " Anthony Trollope is going to the Cape at the end of June. He will remain there six months prior to writing a book on the country. Prince Bismark's return to Berlin, almost im mediate7 . after the dismissal of the French Cabinet, was looked upon as an indication of speedy action against France. The change is regarded as bringing the Ultramontane party into power. He has since proceeded to Kish- ingen. It has been, stated that Marshal M'Mahon intends resigning if another Republican Assem bly is elected. The Turkish Parliament is exhibiting con siderable dissatisfaction ' at the conduct of the war. On the 22nd, the Chamber of Deputies voted the impeachment of the late Vizier, Mahmoud Pasha. _ A gross act of treachery on the part of Rus sia was noticed by the Berlin correspondent of the Times. A man named Krysiuski, a leader in the Polish insurrection of 1863, who escaped, applied for leave to return. In answer, he was invited to come back. On doing so, he was tried and sentenced to banishment in Siberia. He made his escape, was caught, tried a second time and shot. Reports have been received of a conspiracy having been discovered among the Circassians in the Russian army. Several officers have been unmercifully shot. In the firing between Kalafat and Widdin, the Standard correspondent at the latter place states that the Roumanian . guns were directed against the military hospital at Widdin, which was flying the red cross. Several of the in valids were killed, and others were wounded. Colonel Porter R.E., has been sent to Kars on a special mission, to report on the war in Asia Minor. Lieut-General Sir Arnold Kimball has re turned to Greece from Kars, and is stated to have expressed his opinion that the Turks can not hold out long. A large number- of gentlemen who have served in the British army are about entering the Turkish army, and it is thought that they will make their presence felt, as did their pred decessors in 1844 and 1845. .9 A telegram from Vienna in the Standard of May 30 states that Count Schouvaloff has as sured Prince Bismark that Russia eovets no acquisition of territory in European Turkey, and that she will eventually only claim Upper Armenia as far as Kars, excluding Ezeroum, so as not to interfere with English interests near the Euphrates, provided that English neutrality is not changed during the further events of the war. A great demonstration took place on May 29 at Belgrade, the capital of Servia, in favour of Russia. The date of the departure of the Czar from Bucharest is purposefy not made known. The frequent accidents on the Roumanian railwa37s has given rise to a fear that a conspiracy to cause his death is afloat. Advices from General Loris Melikoff, re ceived at St. Petersburg, state that the Mussul man population have risen, en masse since the proclamation of the fetwa by the Sheik-ul- Islam. General Rescheff, it is said, has been compelled to retreat before the Circassian in surgents. According to a Tiflis telegram the Russian garrison of Sukoum Kaleh, after the destruc tion of the plaGe and fort, retired to the forts and blockhouse of Macamba, on the heights to the north-east, and have been reinforced b3r the battalions of riflemen from ' the Kuban, and regular field and mountain batteries. Notwith standing these reinforcements an attack made on the Turkish positions at Sukoum Kaleh, a few days ago, seems to have been completely unsuccessful. The Russians were driven back with loss, leaving a considerable quantity of arms and ammunition on the field. The natives of Abkasia as well as the Circas sians are, it is stated, now in full insurrection. The Sultan has ordered 20,000 revolvers to be purchased out of his private purse, and distri buted among the insurgents. The son of Schamyl, Mesmed Pasha, has gone to join the revolted Circassians, and it is announced from St Petersburg that the other son of Scham37l, who is established there and holds rank in the Russian arm37, has gone to the Caucasus, no doubt to use his influence, or rather the weight of his name, with the moun taineers. The effect produced by the insurrection in the Caucasus, the Vienna correspondent of the Times sas's, seems to be all the greater in Russia as it . was quite unexpected. All ac counts previous to the war were such as to excite no apprehensions about a possible rising there. The race between Bo37d and Higgins was rowed in tempests of wind and rain, and the river was lashed into angry roar. As Boyd was known to be suffering from an attack of boils, the betting was strongfy in favour of Higgins. A clear lead of two lengths was gained at the start b37 Boyd, who from that moment held the race secure, Higgins not having a ghost of a chance against him. Altogether it was a hollow affair. The Daily Telegraph commenting on the race sa37s there was a space of at least 200 . yards between the men as Boyd went under Barnes' Bridge ; and that he could have won by a quarter of a mile is undeniable had he not judiciously slackened his pace ; as it was Hig gins, who showed an utter inability to contend with rough water, was about 20 lengths behind at the finish. Boyd won in 28 minutes 24 seconds, by Benson's chronometer watch. With Hie stakes £400 and the scullers championship. Boyd also took as a challenge trophy, the hand some cup given by the proprietors of a New castle paper. It is very likely that Boyd ori Blackinan will go to Australia and there com pete with Trickett, who last June easily de feated Joseph Sadler for the Thames champion ship, but declined before leaving England, to row with Higgins. The following account of the sinking of a second Turkish ironclad in the Danube is telegraphed by the special correspondent of the Times at Bucharest " One of the most daring deeds ever recorded in the history of war- faie was performed on the Lower Danube, near Ibraila, on Saturday morning, May 26. A small detachment of Russian soldiers, commanded by Lieutenant Dubaschiff, - accompanied by the commander of the Roumanian flotilla, Major Murgesen, left the northern shore of the Danube in a number of small boats, and proceeded to wards the point PetraFetei, below Matchin, and opposite Ibraila, at which point there was- stationed a large Turkish monitor.' The night was very dark, and they managed to surround the monitor before being discovered by the Turkish sentries on board. ' They were challen- , aid ' who goes there' rang out- on the night air. Major Murgesen replied in Turkish, . friends. The Turks evidently not satisfied, commenced firing in the direction of Matchin, not knowing where, these boats were. During the firing, several of the Russian soldiers, under the direction of Lieutenant Dubascheff, plunged into the water, swam silently to the hull of the ironclad vessel, and placed the deadly torpedo in close contact with the bottom of the monitor. After the destructive machine had been securely fastened, and the wire of an electric battery had been accurately adjusted, the men retired to the neighbouring shore of the river, and at half past 3 in the morning the monitor was blown into the air with all the officers and crew. 