THE AUSTRALIAN GIIUPCHMAPT, OR THE CHURCH TO BE OR NOT TO BE OP AUSTRALIA. One of your correspondents (Mr. Irby) -com plains of his article on the Ritualism of one of the churches in the Grafton diocese being refused insertion in the Australian Churchman. It is \- only wonderful he could expect an article of that nature being published in the Australian Churchman or Church of Australia to be. ; , Por some time I had hoped wo would, have had a faithful representative of the Church, with some promise of talent, therefore I became a correspondent and contributor. , But .1 soon found out neither . talent nor fidelity to the; Church was one of the principles of that paper.:; Ah article on" Absolution was! mutilated; others refused, of the' crtbodox diaracter, and /. at length,- . in , noticing ; a V reply::- to the . country ! curate on . Apostoh'c . Succession; by , order of , hish'ops, I receive-v a. polite? note, to sa.v ;my: ' 'article could nut. be .admitted. - Thus I was saved' trouble, and . paper. A The . poisbu was; admitted, hut the antidote refused. ;.I declined,-. therefore, any further support or correspondence witn- a paper proiessing ro do one; representative of the Chiireh ,of : England, but really. _tbe'up- - .-holder. of the most dtrngerphs/iiije Tho paper now, as I suggested to theWedit w, ' ought to assumea new title, whiehlproposed; "Johnny All-Sorts." It . fcas/bme a/sron publication, a patchwork production, ..and/per- naps . all the .better," -we. 'i.wili've' Je«8'.its« . divinity. "-V-flf. One of the last articles I read , ih: it was "Baptism of Laymen;" the; writer ..sighs him self D.C.T-. " Mr. Blunt, .in his Ke.v;:.tq, the; Book of Common Prayer,;- says if a j priest /or; deaon cannot be possibly, found, soino man !or woman should carefully pour water , on the ohild. so as to be sure that it actually, touches, its.per-/ son, saying, ' I baptize thee in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Glibst.'" Fide; in proof,- "Mackell's Holy Baptism," "Cad- well's History of Con." " By the Canon Law, confirmed by Ecclesiastical Courts, bap tism so administered ought not to be iterated." The writer refers to the old rubrics, and states that in his visitations he recommends in cases of serious illness that the parents, male or female, are to follow this custom, using pure water, and baptising in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, so that should it die it will be brought to Christ." — Australian Church man, June 2, 1877. This is published without a single comment upon it. Baptismal salvation is here propa gated through our only church paper in the colony, spread far and wide as the doctrine of the Church of England. No doubt there was a time when this dogma was an article of the Church in 1530. Infants dying before actual sin were undoubtedly saved thereby, but unbaptized were not saved ! So in 1S52 tho question was left undetermined. In- the time of King Edward YI. baptism was declared essential to salvation. The Catechism now says generally necessary, while the homily of Whit-Sunday says the Holy Ghost is the agent of inward regeneration. In truth the question of baptism is not very clearly defined in the Church Prayer-book, ex cept in the article and the homily, and some strange scenes have taken place on this question, whether children dying unbaptized are entitled to Christian funeral or to be interred like dogs in unconsecrated ground. A difficulty of this kind arose with tho burial oftwins ; one infant had been baptized and the other not. The Gordian knot was cut by burying them both in the same coffin. How inventive people are ! What an expedient ! A grandchild of mine died. I foresaw the burial difficulty and baptized the child. The question was asked, ' ' Was the infant baptized?" the reply, " Yes," without asking by whom, or whether pure water had been poured on the infant. . The poor remains, for there was only a festoring mass of flesh, no soul, was decently committed to mother earth. How strange that the inanimate body is to suffer for the un baptized soul, not the infant but the remains of the infant. There is one thing, however, in this teaching, it sets aside the opus operatum of the priest, and affirms that the virtue, if there be any, is imparted by laymen and women. This is an approximation to Popish baptism by mid wives, formerly allowed in the Church of England, but does not go so far as baptism in the womb, the most absurd and indecent exercise of priestly power. The lesson,' however, taught in this ietterand .not ; commented on by the editor of the Aus tralian Churchman is that infant salvation is of baptism, that without baptism of some sort or other, provided the water be, pure, and the formula be duly/repeated, no infant can be saved, that: the innumerable multitudes of infants dying for what tbey are not responsible for are doomed to perish everlastingly (see "Rup.el on Infant Salvation"), or, as Whitley says, .'-'are damned for the neglect of parents." There is a hypothetical baptism ! T know a person now alive that was three times baptized in his infancy, by a Congregational Minister, after being ordained by a Church of England clergy man, and finally by a Roman Catholic priest, under the great seal of the Vatican; / Surely he must pass muster. How numerous are man's ways of salvation — paternosters repeated; pil grimages, fastings, self tortures, alms/absolu-: lutioh— money lurks at the bottom of all, but the most simple is that proposed by the writer, pure water baptism, " the mystical washing away of sin," surely this should . lessen the heartrending grief of parents in this city, where one. third of the iufants born die annually, they are thus translated to happiness. The rite of baptism is a beautiful and simple -rite, .very expressive and symbolical, a 'sign and seal of regeneration, a teaching of the doctrine of tlie timely admission into the outward poarch -of the church, &c.;, but to make it an indis- pemable ' of salvation is to substitute it for the' blood of Christ ; an awful heresy. 11 ;'' : It is .time .we had a faithful, and able repre sentative paper of the Episcopal; Church to ' n<1irnP!>fo Tim 1ihoif.ioo ;f.A nr\V»/i1rl tatriai/\ri; ' on nK - U.X HWViWiWU, VU as in New Zealand, Ireland and Canada, to prune out the overgrowth' of human' teaching/ and; not to keep alive such a ci-ippZe as the Australian Churchman. ' \ : ;;; \- What does the title really signify ? The Church of Australia. A pretty leadership we would have in this Vatican production 1 ' V K1U HA It G SAD HE it. 