A Ufe Sketch. A gu-oiiy and apparently endless forest, in which the tall trunks of the gum trees rose white and ghost-like towards tiie sky. It was night, a dark stormy dreary night: heavy gusts of wind faoirled and hissed, and swayed the leafy branches overhead in wild fantastic movements, whilst heavy showers of rain ever and anon swept bleakly over the dreary waste, and the dripping, dripping lain, and tie moan ing of the wind, only broken now and then by the melancholy howl of some hungry miserable dingo, or the still more weird sad note of the curlew, presented a scene as dreary and wretched as the eye could look npon. Alongside of a huge fallen tree might be seen a small fire, by the side of which a term iay motionless on tbe coti wet ground. Presently the fire began to bom lower and lower, and at last nothing was left but the red embers where before the bright flames had been. This seemed to rouse the sleeper; slowly and painfully he arose from fee ground; feebly he gathered a few sticks, and having placed them on the dying embers coeXBd the bright flames once more to appear. As he sat crouching over the fire one could see his face by the flickering light; and oh, God! what a face it was; not that his features were bad; on the contrary, he must have been at cue time remarkbk for bis (mod looks, but the expression was a horrible mingling of remorse, despair, and fear. It was the face of one whose every desire in life wasgone, whose part Whose future was wholly and entirely without Three short years before this night be had left his father's rectory a high-spirited, hope. Cnl young man. Carefully trained from his childhood up. loved and petted by a ford macho- unS JodiW aiders, he had saved the first years of hit fie m tiie enjoyment of all that a happy comfortable home could give him. Ashe was the second son. Ins fa&er; considered it advisable to sead him to Queens land, there to push bis fortune, with Hie .mill amount of capital with which be could ?apply him. Accordingly, after many word? of »Jvi« tBdTSmOm &r; h» tature guidance, and tearful embraces from all he held most dear, he food hinwrff on the good ship ? -, bound Cor BockbamptDn. After hm first grief at pjrting from home and friends had pamed, his natural buoyancy of spirit recovered iljirif, and be began to look forward to the day when, having achieved fortune, he might return to home and friends. He knew absolutely nothing of the world; bis life had been so carefully guarded from all temptations, that his very hmorwHy was likely to cause his bSdeWmself^e a harmless, steady! rfod ding fellow ; and the other a plausible and successful sharper who had been for several yean in the colonies before. I lifi jhh'i ilirii'ii of jvjmiial life pleased our hero, and be con gratulated ivTitt*^ on bis lack in having sach a friend to coach him np in his new life. Gradually he fell more and more under the inflneneff of this man, and took his first step towards rain by allowing himself to be per suaded to drink. The dreary monotony of the long voyage, the constant example of his fellow-passenger, his own high spirits and love of good fellowship, aO combined to weaken the high principles which he pos sessed. And when they a£ last reached their destination, the very knowledge that all he loved and respected were thonwandu of miles away, that he was friendless and unknown in a strange counfay, caused him to fall more easily under the guidance of his fellowpas seuger, the sharper. We will not detail the old, old story of the growth of vice ; suffice it that hero awoke one morning to find bJTP«'Jf not only penniless, bnt deserted by all who, when he had money, professed to be his friends. With a couple of pounds in his pocket, his blanket on his shoulder, he left Rockhampton in the hope of getting work np the country, where his antecedenta were unknown. Weeks Dassed awav. and he had not been able to set work. The rough hardships and privations to which he was exposed soon brought their fruits. Ill to death's door, there we find him oo that w3d stormy night preooudy described. After having made np his fire as -well as he was able, he once again lav down on his cold, wet bed. Wearily be dosed his eyes ; and notwithstanding the cold, he fell into a sweet soft sleep. A dream of home swept through his beam ; 'he was a boy once more. A gala night m the dear old rectory, far, far away ; tbe schoolfellows that be has been per mitted to invite are all there -, the mistletoe hangs in the ivy-covered porch ; he placed it there, and conceals himself so as to take advantage of the first who comes beneath it ; a lovely girl with long rippling golden hair, laughing merrily (how distinctly he can hear it), comes tripping in. With eager eyes be watcbesher; a minute more she IB beneath the mistletoe — one spring, his arm is around her waist and the 'merry Christmas tribute paid. The dream changes ; he is a man now, and she is to him the fairest of the fair ; they are strolling in a shady Lane ; it is spring-tame, and Nature is in her gayest appareL He breathes the words of love into her ear:— What ecstacy, she also loves! Qniddy the dream again changes ; he is in the midst of a crowd ; he is troubled ; bis heart is fnll of an undefined fear; and she is there looking sad, so mournfully sad ; and presently one by one bis fatter, mother, and sisters, walk slowly past him ; they speak not ; but look at him with the same sad eh-arifast, look as they flit eoftfy away from his troubled sight. In despair he turns to her— the one who still re mains by his side — and implores her to explain (he meaning of this wondrous change. A mournful smile spreads over her face, and slowly advancing she presses her icy cold lips on bis forehead. With a feeble start he awoke, only to fed the cold, rain r*irt*Mn)r; his face: only to hear the moaning and creaking of the trees as they swayed to and fro tempest tossed. Weary Nature could support no more, and instinct told him that his hours were numbered ; the fever had done its work added by hunger and exposure. Before the morn ing broke the look of despair and woe had left his face, for death had swept the lines of care away, leaving naught bnt the frank bright smile of youth in its place. That night in the old rectory, far far away, there was music and Jmrinf. for one of his sisters had just been married. Little thought they, tint be whom they loved so weU, had, through his own weakness and folly, died that night the death of* doe. A.N. Bockhampton, February 26, 1877. A OOEBESTORDEKT of the MamiMS Sixer Z¥se- relates that a rather extraordinary in cident occurred at Pampoola Saw Mais. A bird gat entangled in the webs of spiders, and was ntterly unable to extricate itself, although mairiwg desperate efforts to do so. After some tame it began to manifest unmistakable signs of exhaustion, and to sink under its fatiguing exertions to free itself from the web. Several spiders made their appearance, and gazed on their hfilplmg prey, but a man stand ing by liberated tile bird. CouMnai. authors will be interested to ham (says the Age) that a number of gentle men propose to forward, through his Excel lency the Governor, a petition to the House of Commons, praying that the law of copy right may be amended' so as to protect works first published in any one of the colonies over the whole empire, just as works first published ] in England are protected against piracy in , any part of the empire. Some time ago Earl Grannie sent a circular despath to the Governors of the several fttmhralian colonies ! submitting a draft bffl dealing with the subject, and propose an amendment in the j direction indicated, and asking (or approval i or suggestions. BepUes, generally approving of tbe measure, were returned from the colonies ; but from the date of the despatch (June, 1870) »p to the present time »tfamg men has fawn heard of it Tbe petition, which will be foond in soother eafasn, aets out these fact*, and prays the Commons tint a bffl to amendtheUw as indicated may be introduced into that honourable Hone. 