EVENINGS AM) MORNINGS IN THE BUSH, No 9. [Mr. Troyer still continues to assert that " Spiritism" is substantially the Romish Mint worship—Mrs. Sketch still continues to show the fallacy of suoh assertions— Mr. Trover's Bible as the " Word of God" and the foundation of Protestantism— The rationale or principle of saint worship.] ME. TBOVEB, the great no-popery Sydney barrister, professed the most sinoere belief in " the Bible." He said it was the Word of ' God. In the Bible we heard the voice of God. The Bible, therefore, and the Bible only, was the infallible foundation for a ehurcb. Tbe Bible should be aooepted as supreme judge in all disputes, should settle ' all controversies and decide in all oases, excepting (of course) law points, whioh could be better disposed of. before the Court of Queen's Bench. This WSB Mr. Trover's view of the Bible; and, as I hare said, he was very sincere in this view. But as this belief in the Bible involved certain [peculiarities, it is proper to call peculiar attention to them. The Bible, as we all know, in its material concrete form as a book, is a collection of ancient manuscripts, 80 in number. These manuscripts were first written either in Hebrew, or in Greek, or in Syro- Ohaldaio. The oldest of these mannsoripts is at least 3300 years, and was tbe work of Moses. The youngest of these,mannsoripts is 1790 years old, and was penned by St. John the Evangelist. The writing of these manuscripts took place at intervale, and extended over a space of 1500 years. The first MS. is Genesis. The last is Revelations, or the Apocalypse, written A.D. 98. These anoient manuscripts are the composition of 40 or 60 writers, and for some hundreds of years were copied by band and published separately. At last the Pope, in a general synod, oolleeted and verified the 80 mannsoripts, and from that time they were more generally to be found in this collected form, and many competent persons, mostly monks, followed the occupation of transcribing these scriptures. Finally, 400 or 450 years ago, the art of printing put an end to the manual oopying of the Bible. The old method of Writing on vellum or parchment, and rolling the mannsoripts up on ronnd, gilt Bticks, as [maps are still often rolled up, was abandoned, and the Bible was issued in its present square shape, though still oalled a " volume," from the Latin volvo, to roll up. This change in the external form of the Bible took place before tbe infamy, whioh is commonly called " tbe reformation," and is in no wise due to that impious revolt of men's minds against and from the Church of God. But when Mr. Trover, the great nopopery barrister, spoke of "the Bible," he never had the original Hebrew or Greek versions in bis mind's eye; nor did be go ,baok in thought to the day and hour when -God first spoke to [man, nor to the day or liour when His divine words were recorded; neither did he embrace in his view of the •aored volume the whole of the reoords. For first of all, he contemptuously excluded fourteen of the anoient manuscripts or books " from his Bible as no part of the Scriptures. This he did on the strength of his own Protestant private judgment, and on the same private judgment, and solely Jbecause he ohose to do so, he accepted the remaining sixty-six "books," and, out of his own caprice or pleasure, " believed " these sixty-six books to be tbe pure " Word of God." But even in these sixty-six be did not take into his view tbe original Hebrew or Greek. When he spoke or thought of the Bible, or the Word of God, he simply confined his .idea of it to the Protestant, Reformed, Anglioan, authorised translation of the originalB into'the English language. . This translation was made by order or permission of his reformed Protestant Majesty King James L, eon of Mary, the Catholio Queen of Boots, who was atrociously murdered by command of Queen Elizabeth. HiB Majesty, ias Spiritual Head of tbe English Church, held a Synod at Hampton Court Palaoe to convert or to oondemp the " Nonoomformists," whohave since .subsided into " Independents" or "Congregationalists." But these Nonoomformists plainly told bis Majesty they were far better reformed than he was, And'that he ought tb fce converted to 4hem, and not they to him. The ting thereupon brokejup the Synod, and jjave instructions to his bithopB to revise £heir Bibles, which were fall of errors, ana ftwin^a .them- In a new .translation where Keeessary. ' Xbis oeoupied somelthree or lour and ti&Vew;'VtaStm^came intouse ajjout 1608-9. 1MB new and amended version was Mr. Trover's" only "Word of God." . This was his settler of all dootrinal debates. This, and this only, was the voice of God to mankind. Now, it so happened tbat the Protestant Anglioan " divines" who prepared this authorised version were sworn enemies of tbe Oatholio faith and Catholio Cburcb, They therefore translated their Bible in tbe spirit of active prejudice, and rendered many passages not primarily to set forth the mind of God, but to twist the text into an apparent condemnation of " popery," and to afford some colour to their own new religion, begun only fifty years before under Edward VI. The real Word of God was thus intentionally altered from its original purpose in several places, and thus manipulated, it constitutes ."the foundation" of Mr. Trover's Anglican Church. As a graduate of Baliol College, Oxford, Mr. Trover knew all this, and much more than this. He knew that for 1600 years, at least, there had been a Latin version of the Greek and Hebrew Scriptures. He knew that his friend, " Augustine," was well acquainted with th\p old Latin version, and had suggested rules for a recension of it. He knew that St. Augustine did not generally use or preach from this old Latin version, whioh was in general use among the Catholios all along the north of Africa in the Proconsulate, from Pentapolis to Morocco, and that the lessons, epistles, and gospelB of the Mass were taken from it. St. Augustine when over at Milan, in the north of Italy, had become familiar with the old Itola, another version used in tbe diocese of St. Ambrose, and for his own private reading St. Augustine preferred the copy with which he first became acquainted. Mr. Trover knew what part the learned St. Jerome had taken in the Vulgote, and tbat for 1000 years it had been read in the public service of the Catholic Church, and all that time was known everywhere, and that Martin Luther had constantly read it up to his apostacy. But Mr. Trover was a Protestant, and the instincts of Protestantism practically annulled all this knowledge, effaced it practically from [his memory, and caused him to ignore totally the whole life, worship, ceremonial and work of the Catholio Churoh through so many generations, and led him to look upon it as though it had not been. Mr. Trover, therefore, very naturally turned to his English translation of " the Bible." The year and the day of its first appearance was nearer, and therefore more readily apprehended than what was 1600 years distant. He oould not realise to himself faots so far, off, though they were as patent on the page of church history as shining was to the sun or saltness to the waves of the sea. All before the Protestant Bible was murky night. All since James I. commanded that Bible to be read in the Protestant (apostate) ohurches was bright day. This was Mr. Trover's view of the founding and the foundation, of this Church, of which his grandfather had been a bishop, and his father a rector and canon. His " Word of God" was Eing James's new and improved Bible, and beyond this he could not travel. He didn't wish to go further, for the instincts of Protestantism prevailed over his better but enslaved knowledge. Mr. Trover, as a Protestant, almost fancied himself insulted if you challenged him to go back to the birth of hiB Bible, or explore the library of St. Augustine. The saint's library had no law books in it. It had plenty of sermons, Buch aB are never heard from Protestant pulpits. But Mr. Trover never cared to look into these, and he was rather vexed and irritated by being compelled to think of them at all with their " Romish" allusions and " tendencies." Like all Protestants, he both hated and feared the appeal to antiquity. He felt it to be dangerous ground, and if caught upon it he must fight a battle in which he was sure to be wounded. He was far more at home and comfortable when he got down to the reign of Henry VIII., and with Elizabeth he. was quite at ease. For this to him was the real date of Christianity, for there was no good English " Word of God" before her virtuous reign. If Protestants ever do venture back to antiquity it is only as brigands invade some rich and fertile region for their own dishonest purposes, to plunder and pulldown, to disfigure and deface, to mutilate monuments, to falsify all faots, and jto destroy all historio truth. The era of" the reformation " 'is, therefore, the golden age of 'Protestantism. Beyond and before this era it is not found, and ever sinoe that era, tbe chief employment of Anglicanism has been to squabble about its ritual, to complain of its robrios, and the ceaseless emendation of " mistakes " in its Word of God. The present authorised' version was admittedly for the correction of'" errors" in previous translations. These "errors" were "the pure Word of God " to the people who perused (.hem, and the sole foundation of Anglicanism while the errors lasted. Mr. Trover never, troubled hishead" about imch considerations. Rightly'Or wrongly translated, the English Bible was still God's Word. That muoh was agreed to by all Protestants. Thousands of " mistakes " were immaterial. God's veracity didn't depend on mistranslations, and if God thought. fit to give a revelation in a Bible liable to suoh mishaps, that was God's look ont. Translations didn't affect Protestantism, whioh depended wholly on the written Word, and, whatever was written, true or false, would sait Protestantism equally well, and thus Mr. Trover believed in the Bible—a belief whioh taxed tbe Deity with being either a fool or a liar, and, therefore, with being both. Only see how his belief worked. For instance, if it was God's will that there should be sects, or a hundred separate Churches, why couldn't God plainly say so in his Word f But he doesn't. His Word specifically forbids the making of sects and schisms. Tet all sects defend their schism by the " Word of God." Thr. "Word," then, if not literally false, is ambiguous, and the ambiguity is chargeable upon God, and we really don't know what God means when he speakB against divisions or seots. Or, again, is the aathoriBed Anglican version inspired ? Ask Dr. Jowitt or Dr. Temple, and then ask Dr. Pasey, the Hebrew Begins, at Oxford, and compare the replies you will get, for they will be flat contradictions. Why - did God leave (his " Word" in such a plight tbat two of tbp most learned Protestant Doctors of Divinity in England, one a bishop, and the other a great lecturer, oan't agree on so vital a point ? Still Mr. Trover professed his ardent veneration for this ambiguous Bible of his, and, therefore, he was struck dumb about the saints seeing from earth to heaven. St. Stephen saw the Lord Jesus standing in the effulgence of heaven's glory. St. Paul had a similar vision. St. John had a still more prolonged view of the eternal world, of the throne of God, and the bliss of tbe saints. Mr. Trover could not throw his Bible overboard in an argument with bis " Bomish " sister. He saw how convenient it would be to do so by denying the obvious meaning of Scripture. But he dare not. He really had no distinct apprehension of all that was involved in the communion of saints. He didn't like the doctrine. How could he, being a Protestant. But he had no more to say against St. Stephen's vision. It proved to Mr. Trover's oonfusion that the invisible spirit world is all round us, and only hidden from our mortal eyes by the veil of material things. He tacitly admitted his defeat, and to cover it, he invented the quibble that saint worship was only spiritism, though he used the word " worship " in his own Protestant marriage service. Was it then a sin to worship his Protestant wife? Not at all. He said it was a very innocent thing, and a proper thing, and a duty, to worship his bride. But he couldn't, for tbe Protestant life of him—rather, I should say, he wouldn't —see or say that it must, in the nature of tbe thing, be equally innocent and laudable and right to worship the saints of God. " Spiritism pretends, like you Romanists," said Mr. Trover, " to hold conversations with tbe soals of the dead. What the Spiritists pretend to do yon pretend to do." " On the contrary," replied Mrs. Sketch, "we Catholics do nothing that the Spiritists do. Spiritism is, to my view, a satanic substitution for the Communion of Saints. We do not converse with them. We hold spiritual communion with them, and this only with tbe souls of the Faithful in heaven. We can hold communion without conversation. We seek no verbal or audible ; reply from tbe saints. We ask them to pray for us, to intercede for UB—" " Yes," said Mr. Trover, interrupting her, " yes, you make intercessors of them; but the Bible reveals only one intercessor, that is Christ." " If you studied the Soriptures, said Mrs. Sketch, "you would find that the; enjoin intercessory prayer. We are bound by the gospel dispensation to pray for each other, This praying for eaoh other is intercession. It is praotised by all ProteBtants. Every Sunday in your Anglican churches your minister requests the congregation to prey for some one who is sick. That is, you intercede with God for the sick person. The Lord's Prayer teaches you to say, 1 Our Father,' not ' My Father.' Every book —every obapter of 'the Bible* directly or indirectly asserts the obligation of intercessory prayer. If we beg a living fellowsinner to pray for us—to interoede for us, how much more tbe souls of the just made perfect in heaven, who bow before the throne of God. There is no doubt they hear us and see us and sympathise with us. It is part of their happiness to solicit and to obtain graces and blessings for us. Do you believe in Spiritism, my dear RobertT" " Pshaw 1" be replied, "believe such trash I not I, indeed!" "And you don't believe in the Invocation of Saints?" "No more," he. answered, "than in spiritism." " How, then, my dear Robert," she asked, "do you know whether they are so-like one another if you know nothing of them ?" " Both are a calling on the souls of the dead," was . his reply. "Is the soul of Nero or Commodus in heaven, think you ?" " That ! cati't tell," said Mr. Trover. " They were Pagan Roman -emperors, and monsters in -vice." 11 Socman history says," he responded. "Well, then, if you.don't know that they are in heavpn, do yon know where they are?" '«* Theyare hot very likely to be in heaven,"' said Mr. : Trover. "The spiritists, spirit, rappers; spirit writers (have: invoked. Julius Ccesar, Lord Byron, Des; Oartes, Sir Walter Soott, Napoleon I. Bhotald you be disposed to call these Catholio saints?!' " Queer saints, Iehould '#ay,"'*e- j plied Mr. Trover, ; " Well, yon; maydbelievej mo when I we Catholics .don't pray.toj these." "If you don't, you don't T^ne #{ud.! '" Ton can't "help 'seeing the difter&iM;, dear Robert," said Jta. Sketbh, "between me good and the bad souls. We Catholics n r« with none but Catholics, and we pray to J souls but the holy souls in the bliss of heaven, to the souls of those departed in ti? true faith of the Churoh of God. They gone from His Church on earth to nj Cbnroh in heaven. Tbere we address them We do not call upon them to come down from heaven's joys to rap on .a table, nor to scribbl an illegible scrawl with a black-lead pencil 9 nor to dance over our heads in a darkened room, nor to beat a tambourine badly, nor tn flisk in and out of a show box. All this th Catholic Church denounces as wickedness M deception, and brands it as mortal sin SpiritistsdowhatourChurchcondemns. Thev do not profess to believe in our Church Rather they renounoe it. They do not aafc the souls departed to obtain grace from God for them. They reject the Christian system altogether. They certainly abstain from Mass and use no Catholic devotions. Tin spiritists invoke the souls of murderers and infidels, of shameless women. You must I think, be very sensible, my dear Robert, that you only assert our worship of the sainfe to be n sjrt of spiritism in order to insult mv oommou sense or to outrage my feelings " "No," he said. "I mean nothing- of the sort; but why you should worship the saints at all is what I can't reconcile with either common sense or right feeling." "Then" said Mrs. Sketcher, " you have left one of the most lovely fields of Holy Scripture unexplored. But let me finish first with your spiritism, which is either a miserable charla« tanism or an intercourse with evil spirits Spiritism is an illicit attempt to pry into the secrets of God, which, in His wisdom, He concealsfrom us. Catholios regard this aa deadly sin. Sothat in every light, spiritism differs from saint worship as heaven differs fromhell." " Idon'tseeon what principle you go in your saint worship," he said. "Do you believe in God as the creator of all things ?'' said Mrs. Sketch. '' If you take me for an atheist," he replied, " I shall consider it a very bad compliment." "Well, then " said his sister, " how is it you do not understand the rationale of saint worship?" "I see no connection between creation and saint worship," he replied. "There is the connection between them," she continued, "of creator and creature. AH creatures, all created things, are the work of God. And as we praise the jeweller who makes a beautiful ring, or the artist who paints a beautiful picture, so we praise God for all his marvellous works; and when we praise the work we please and we pay honour to the workman. Do you understand that?" "It is plain enough," he answered. "Well," she said, "the highest, grandest, noblest works of God are His works of grace." "The saints are this work of grace. The saints are saints only by the grace which God has bestowed upon them. ' By the grace of God I am what I am,' says St. Paul. The saints are those whom the grace of God has sanctified or made holy. 'Without holiness, without sanctification, no man shall see God.' This sanctification, this saint-making, is the work of God. Therefore, we honour the saint as His work, and in honouring His work we honour God. If we despise an artist's work, if weundervalue it, if we make light of it, the artist will feel himself slighted, and despised. If you slight and despise the saints of God, who are pre-eminently His work—His most exalted work—the very triumph and perfection of His works, you despise God and defraud Him of His honour, of the glory due to Him as the sanctifier. Now, my dear Robert, is not the sanctifier God the Holy Ghost, who makes holy, who confers grace, who fills and adorns the soul with those heavenly treasures, by which the saints are saints. Tet this work of the Holy Ghost yon leave wholly out of thejaccount, and the honour, the respect, the admiration, the love—tbat is, in one word, the worship we offer to these works of the Holy Ghost, you call idolatry!" 25th April, 1877. PEUTETRE. 