A MORNING WALK IN EGYPT. Ihe traveller who wishes to be impressed by the wonders of the land of Egypt avoids Denderah on his voyage up the Nile. He waits till he has seen the great columns of Luxor and the pylon of Karnac. Like the child who asks you to stand behind the door and frighten him, he wants to be awe struck if possible. But the traveller who wishes to learn can not do better than spend a few hours at Denderah be fore he sees Thebes, because he may there, without anything to disturb his mental balance, study the chief features of Egyptian architecture in one of the most perfect examples remaining. Denderah has little of the majesty of Karnac. Its portico is half buried in heaps of unburnt brick. You descend to the entrance, and can take in the whole design in a few minutes. But it has many advantages for the student. It stands apart from any modern town, on the peninsula formed by a bend of the stream, a short walk only from the bank, and it is easy by leaving the ' boat at the begining of the curve to visit -he ruins ! and to overtake the boat again before it reaches Keneh. 1 he green fields are full of life, swarming with herds, birds, and children. Here a half naked boy with a following of little brothers and sisters, among whom one scanty suit of clothes seems to have | been distributed, superintends the grazing of the family buffalo. There, a woman shrouded in blue, with an emaciated baby on her shoulder, endeavours to concentrate the attention of her fioek of sheep and ' goats upon one patch of grass. The sheep are brown, Qie goats black, and their human companions partake o! both colours. A causeway of earth heaped up '[ fro si the flat fields on both sides winds among groves j of lofty palms and under the shade of green tama risks, whose foliage has a soft feathery outline against ' the blue sky. A line of laughing girls, each bearing I on her head an enormous earthernjar, causes you to stand as'ule and make way for them on the narrow j rjath. They draw their hoods across their faces as I thev pass, but gaze at you with unfeigned interest out I of one black eye. Very often the extemporized veil drops and reveals a brown but not always ugly face, set off with necklaces and earrings of coloured beads, and tattooed on chin and forehead. A smiling mouth and rows of magnificent white teeth redeem the otherwise expressionless countenance, and your salute is returned politely without any disturbance of the well- balanced water- jar. Next a fellah village is reached— a miserable heap of low mud walls, without doors, roofs, or windows, but rising here and there into a tall pigeon tower formed of crocks embedded, tier over tier, in the mud wall. Fallen houses are frequent, where pots, whole ot broken, He half hidden in dust, and the wild dove flies out, glancing in the sunshine as you pass. It is a pretty bird, its colours bright and pleasing, nnd though it ' lies among the pots,' the appropriateness of David's allusion is the more manifest. Neither doves nor pigeons appear wholly domesticated; the fellah seldom indulges in animal food, but the passing tourist is at liberty to shoot for himself the materials for a pie without the slightest opposition. Close adjoining the village great mounds of mingled earth and potsherds mark the site of the ancient town, and present another example of the form which Egyptian domestic ruins every where 'take. The crude brick has crumbled away into dry brown dust, and though stone andburntbjirk may in someplaces be concealed, digging among such heaps seldom*reveals anything to repay the trouble of the task. The natives gather the mould and sift or wash it for the nitre with which it is impregnated, and great flat basins for evaporation are near the mounds. Naked Arabs on donkeys canter past j ou with their panniers, or overtake you from the ruins, laden with the nitrous dust. One of them probably stops to offer you some ' antika ' which he has found, or whispeis a sentence in which j'ou only distinguish 'scarabee' and ''baksheesh.' 'Ihe donkeys are now and then varied by a camel, which looks more at home with his soft- cushioned feet, hiB noiseless solemn tread, and the sneer which nature has imprinted on his dry, dun-coloured face. He snarls like a dog when his master touches him, and shows his formidable teeth if the stranger comes too near. He is uglj, cress, untamable, discontented, but, to the Northern traveller at least, always intevc t ing. Far away, beyond the green fields, where the stony heights come down in greit buttresses to the strip oisnndy desert at their feet, you see two or three young camels at home. They trot or even gallop through the burning sunshine, chase each other for miles along the glowing waste, throwing up behind them clouds of blin ?ing dust, till they look like ghosts gliding through a land of shadows. There is something strangly fascinating about them— so unlike other animals, yet so e\idently suited to the country to which they belong Just as wild, tut far less interesting, are the dogs. They rush out at you from every corner, and, in Upper Egypt at least, are often as fierce as they are hideous. In Cairo they are a down-trodden race ; but in the country they show more independence. South of Thebes, indeed, they are to a certain extent domesticated, and even as low as Denderah they help to guard, if not to guide the nocks. Between them and the children there is a kind of allian' e. On the village di t-heap both sleep side by side in the shade of the same wall. The same flies creep round the eyes of each, but of the two the dog is cleaner and less disgusting. At length, as one more heap of broken pottery is surmounted, the temple comes in sight. You have taken a tall Arab from among the crew as your con voy, and for a time he is able to Tepel the crowds of Kpartr«ra anA ?vnluntPAV crnirtas ivYir- Vista lie ant vrrn since you passed through the village. He gives in at last to the blandishments of an old, but not venerable, man with one eye, who seems to have persuaded him that he is the authorized guide to the temple. It is better to acquiesce, for he keeps the others off ; but as he does not speak a word of English, unless ' baksheesh' be counted an English word, his atten tions are not very troublesome. It needs no one to point out the pylon, covered with life-sized kings an 1 gods, which gives admittance to a long narrow passage between modern brick walls, at the end of which is the portico. Some great red bees have made this pylon their own, and build little nests like thimbles in every recess of the sculpture. They seem, to use the lime or sand for the stone and burrow into its surface, destroying all they touch. Cleopatra, whose portrait at the back of the temple attracts many sightseers to Denderah, is already pitted by them as if she had suffered from small-pax, and soon there will be few open a;r sculptures left on the walls. The visitor, impatient to see his first temple, does not delay at the pylon to spell out the memorials of such modern monarch* as Domitian and Trajan. Roman emperors are too recent to be much account in- Egypt- A Roman ruin which would make the fortune of an English town is behind Gut* eh, but is not thought worth mention in the guide- books. At Denderah, though some of the emperors took part in its completion, the Ptolemies are cniefly represented on the temple walls, and when the traveller has reached the more ancient buildings at Thebes, he will be able to judge how little the Egyptian stvle varied in the thousands of years during which it'prevailed. The difference between Denderah. and Karnac is not as great as that between Westminster Abbey and St. Paul's, yet a period of twelve centuries divides them. At Denderah there is more symmetry perhaps than at Karnac ; there is more haste to erect a complete temple, more regard to effect, and less to endurance. The sculptures, too, have not the delicacy and, so to sneak, the sobriety of those on the older -walls. Sometimes the procc8?i'jin, the lines of trophies, the rows of emblems, are arranged more with an eye to ornament, and the walls are too distinctly divided by cornices and dados. But the difference is not such as to prevent the latter work from being a typical Egyptian temple as much as the older one ; a place in ?whi'h the arrangement may be studied with advant age 'and the features common to all alike traced out and indentified. The gloom rf the interior, when once the entrance with, its four -and twenty columns has been passed, the vast size of the blocks of stone, the large scale of all the architectural details, the simplicity of the construction, and the lavish use of ornament, nowu«c ^jumiucuk but everywhere present, are enough to' distinguish the 6tyle from that of any other country. The portico itself, as we have said, is now underground. The ancient city, made prob ably, like all Egyptain cities, chieSy of crude biick, crum bled round the solid stone build in'; and a second, an Arab town.Jrose on the ruinous heaps, invading the sacred enclosure, and at length climbing even over the temple itself. Fuch has been the fate of Esneh and of Edfou, as well as of Den derah, and in rach instance the temple, covered in and ove - laid by the mud huts of twenty centuries, has been preserved until our own day. One of M. Mariette's first antiquarian enterprises was to unearth Edfou Esneh is st'il half buried in the midst of the modern town. But at Denderah. even the town has ^perished, and only mounds and broken pottery remain to tell of its having existed. The columns, as we descend to the ancient level, seem to crow and expand, until, as we stand on the floor in the half light, they rise like a gigantic forest around us, As our eyes eet accustomed to the gloom we see the images of old krnp looking down from the walls, everywhere praying to the god dess the beautiful Athor, who ruled the return of the year and the rising of Silius, to whom morta-s owed all that was true and lo\ing and good, either in earth or heaven. Here in the porch h.er pri- sts annually assembled from the dark chambers beyond, and ?m-onnred to make their proces sion round the outer court in the presence of the people. They brought out the sacred barges from the sanctuary, the banners and the standards from the store chambers, the golden va es from the treasury, the shields and halberds from the nrmoury, They threaded their -way among the dark passage's and in single file up the narrow stairs to the little 'temple on the roof, where twelve columns symbolized the twelve months, and where sacrifice was done to the returning year. Next passing | through the chamber where Isis wept for the dead Osiris, they sang their long-drawn lament, exchanging it a; last into a hymn of joy as they passed through the hall of the resurrection and decended the stair once more. The modern traveller endeavours to people the deserted corridors and chambers and to bring to life the stiff forms with which every wall is rnvPTPH. TTfi neens into the shrine in -which the emblem of the goddess was preserved, the golden gystrum upon which only a king might look. He clambers over the roof in the blazing sunshine, and wonders how the priests could bear the heat of July, when in midwLiter it is like this. He endeavours to make out the symbolism on the twelve columns of Sothis, and to distinguish the chamber of Osiris dead from that of Osiris alive again. He seeks in vain for the secret passages of which the guide-books tell, for all the passages seem to be more or less secret. Then, as, weary of gazing, he sits down at the foot of a pillar, lie tries to realize the age of the temple. It is modern, he reflects, in Egypt. Yet was it not begun before the dawn of history in that little island of the noitli from which he has made his pilgrimage ? Ptolemy Auletes reigned in Egypt ; Casar was not yet born. And was it not iinished during that life from which we reckon our Christian centuries ? Tiberius was the master of Borne and Egypt alike ; England had not yet come into being. Yet Denderah is modern in this ancient country. The question has frequently been discussed -whether people would ever exert themselves but for hunger. Sitting on a great ttone in the cool recesses of the temple of Athor the Beautiful, making sentimental reflections on the modemess of all our Western antiquities, trying to imagine that the Arabs whom our stalwart sailor keeps at pole's length are ^.hite-robed priests, and that the ceaseless repetition of 'balc-uYippRVi' ir the refrain of some ancient litany to the good and the true, one is perpetually baffled by unwelcome recollection of Bulwer's ?' Zanoni,' and by the insidious thought that luncheon will be ready when we return. The Bulwer we may repress. Sickly sentiment has no place beside such facts as are presented by columns sixty feet high, roof-stones weighing twenty tons, and an age greater than the whole Christian era. But the gnawing of hunger in the sham air of the desert is irrepressible. 'We bid farewell to Denderh, we threaten the Arabs indi\idually with a heavy umbrella, turn a deaf ear to 'baksheesh, and not even delaying to inspect the other ruins, make the best of our way to the boat. The fields are wide and rough. There aie no paths. The only donkey to be hired, haB a sore back, like most Egypt ian donkeys, and it is impossible to mount him. The I tall sailor walks with firm tread on his bare feet ; through the hard furrows, and extends his strong j arm with a lofty and contemptuous pity. It is not far, j but the sun is hot above, the lowest stratum of air j shivers over the green fields, the herdsmen have | wrap; ed their heads in their Drown garments and are j asleep in the long grass. Even the sound of ' baksheesh' begins to grow faint, for midday in Egypt may not be resisted. The last few hundred yards to ' the water's edge Reem like miles. But it makes up for a god deal of fatigue to have seen the most perfect example re maining of an ancient Egyptian temple.— tialurday Review. 