SHAMUS MHOR'S KITOHEN. [A PoJ8o0a FRao TEn OCrIa.] In the kitchen of Shamus Mbor Thirteen hawkers were gathered, Bome lay stretched on the floor, Others smoked and blesthered. Brown was eaeh faeO and hand, Tough as a haeel wand; These folks, with skin so tanned, Their tongues ne'er tethered. They talked of risks and tricks of trade Of elever bargains smartly made How one had oheated a fleherman's wife, And then had to run for very life ; How this one cozened the foolish lasses, Another sold window, for pettle, glasses. And then they laughed their hearts' content, Till a different turn to the talk was lent By one who told of a ghost he'd seen When trudging along the shore at e'en. It wasn't a big ons-hbt twelve feet high So the teller took little credit thereby From the crowd in Shamus'a kitchen. Then they talked of ghosts and murdered men, And things beyond all mortal ken, In a style that was quite bewitchin'. In the lodgings of Shames Mbor They talked of the awful and eerie. Each one had horrors galore To begeile the hours so weary. Outside the wind end rain Pelted the window pane, The rashlight began to wane, And the house grew dreary. Bet Shamos briskly stirred the fire, And then he piled the peats still higher, For he alone had silent been While the others told what they had seen. Now telliec a tale was Shamues's glory, So he lit his pipe and began his story. "My father's father, Bhamue Mbor, Keyt lodgings on the Bannyahasn shore; Pedlars saod paokmen of every degree, If they paid their fourpenee (what cared he Whether they begged their drink of milk Or traded respeootably in silk), They got their bed from night till morning : Without the fourpence they got their warning. One evening late a rough wild crew Had honsed them here. There was PatOarew And Calluem Beg, who travelled with tea, Long John Davis, who'd cot on the spree, And nearly perished his pack: With a whole lot more, and Neil the piper, A peaceable man but a terrible fighter 80 of oompeny there was no lack." "My father's father," Shamns resomed, "Had seen, in his day, some drink onesumed; But he vowed, from the day he saw thelight, He never saw anything like that night. A droller, drier, dronkenner erew, Who stories told that made strong men grse, Never sines that time or before Had lodged a night with Shameas Mhor. At last they got Bhamas to tell them the story Of the endless cave and all its glory, That's still to be seen where the surges roar, Oloses by the beech on Bannyahan shore. He told, as the night was wearing late, Of the hardy few and their awful fate, Who, scorning all counsel, determined to find Where the turns of the endless cave did wind How orphan children were left to wail Lost fathers who would never tell the tale Of all they'd heard and seen. And still in the cave grim silence reigned, And still the shadowy gloom remained There, like an undrawn screen. In the lodgings ofShamus Mhor, In cold and rainy weather, A dozen hawkers and more Expetorated together. Each drew a long, deep breath, Pipe smoke began to wreath, Then all was still as death You'd heard the fall of a feather. When Shamnas Mhor, my father's dad, Had ended his tale, that rough wild equad Rad quieter grown, for few men eare To laughq, in the light of a flickering flare From a low peat fire, at a ghoatly tale When midnight winds in the chimney wail, But Neil, the piper, from J?ur Sound, Sprang to his feet with sudden bound g The snd of the cave he'd reach that night, He said, and be back before morning light, And he'd play his pipes the whole of the way, To make sore he habould not go astray. What is more stubborn than wilful man, Especially the piper of one great elan P Not the entreaties of Shamus Mhor, Who stood with his back against the door, Nor yet the baseehing of Callem Beg, Who eaught by his kilt where it strikea the leg, Could canse him to alter hisa foolish mind; So flling the bags of hispipes with wind, He threw my father's dad from the door, And marched from the lodgings of 8hmas Mhor, Playing, as only a Highlander can, The gatherntg tone of his native clan. The oth'ere followed with hasty speed, Trying to turn him by word and by deed, Until they came to the mouth of the cave That was wet with spray from the angry wave, Hers they joined in a last appeal | But be only the louder played his reel, And, marching on, was lost to aight, For the mouth of the nare, like the jaws of night, Closed round his form as he boldly entered The path where only the breset ventured. Standing with eager eyes and ears, Quaking with wild and enoanny fears, They heard his footsteps die away Though the piper's pipes cootinued to play, Waking strange echoes from the rocks Like the crowing of unearthly cooke. But deller and lower came the sound As through the windings still he wound, Till notes and echoes same out on the breeze Likethe humming of ten tbonsand bees. Tbheb all was still snd they heard no more, Though they waited long on Bannyahan shore ; And from that to this he's never been seen, Though I've heard that at midnight on Halloween His pipes are heard to play. But those who listen have cause to fear The worst of luck for the coming year What's that--- alack n.dayl To the lodgings of Shames Mbor In wild and wintry weather, Mingling with Boreas' roar Over the fading heather, Pipe notes came faint and slow, Long-drawn at first, and low, Then they began to grow Btronger together. Who was the first to reach the door P Who but the trembling Shame Mbor P The others, with skip and bound and orsab, Struggled to follow his hasty rush. And when they got out the notes were clearer, As if the piper were eoming nearer. Louder and looder grew the strain, Borne on the blast by the driving rain; Round it came by the head of the shore Till it reached the footpath that led to the door Where Shamus stood with his quaking friends; Then fear to their feet the fleetness lends Of frighted hares, as with one accord They leave behind both bed and board. In their hasty breakneok flight IEach man took a different road, But no one reached the land of lNod Through the long winter night. In the lodgings of Shamus Mhor, When the morning tide was roaring, Wearily stretohed on the floor A wandering piper lay snoring ; Notlhing like piper Neil, Only a beggar chiel Woefully down at heel, Tired nature restoring ! A~! aelive movement has sprung up in rome of the large townes of England for the estabhahlbment of people's coffeeho int-tock enterprise. The morement. imuluted by the remark sins the cocoa-hoses, which, the ,been open in Liverpool They are, genuine C,;flm ~ip'..,and 