AMERICA. IMMIGRATION. The number of alien immigratits who arrived at the port of New York during the thirty years ending 31st December, 1876, was 5,604;073. Of these 2,920,397 were natives of Grteat Britain and Ireland; 2,665,774 were natives of the Continent; and the remaining 17,902 came from the other parts of the earth. •Fourteen of the countries in this list aro Catholic countries, and the immigrknts from these numbered 2,212,963 souls The proportion of the Catholics among the immigrants from the other twentyone countries would probably be, taking them all together, not less than onefqurth of . the whole number—597,772. This would give Catholic immigration, at the port of New York alone, during these thirty years, of about 2,800,000 souls. A TIIAPPIBT MOtfABTERY. • " A secular: journalist has visited this Trappist monastery at New Melleray, near Dubuque,; and ih : the St. Louis Fines, makes the followiftg note of his •visit:— Twelve jttilek from' tt»6' city ot '^a^giV lonelyjabriksterfr, 'tliVlufefftes: of ^Kibh fceloig 'to fh'e aflsWrt ordfir of Bt. : BstnaWi. They > are caUed Ti-iip^istfc.'tiffe the great monastery of L» Trappc iaFranoe.' •It is; -thfe '.severest order in -.this world. •. JP«r-< -Pfetnal silence ,1k , stuotty. enforced, :Eachj ProAhet h^g spme pa^tipulw, (Ueinp}fiyment.j milpp. ground "^&Te;,tjiejr workj uiem to givereoompense. A ^brother tola pje tb^t tb^y hftve ^twomonj^ wbpjap^r/yte j an'd ib^petryhay.e gained for the lionee nut ie»si)jah ^O.O'OO.apls. Thirty year6 ago si'xieop monki leli city of "Waterfori, Ii-eland. They sailed ior America, but od their wriv ch6lora eel in, of them died. rm their way from New j Orleans to St... Louig, Tbgir, bohtts are now quietly repo^iug.in .f.lie bunks of (he. Mississippi. The remaining teD. chose a wild.and dea.ol*tf prairie for. tjje|r fa tore. home, nffi" jDubuque. Tjieir . firpt winter ,was ( intepjsely tpvqrft., Tlie,'sbpy7 w'^s so deop that waggons parsed ovtir fences without difficulty^ They ' purchased 4000 acres at 25 cents an acre. Thai land it how worth 70 dbl's. an acre, nnd tbe monastery, when complete, will cost 150,000 dols, In regard to thair rule's, one of ths monk* give the "following report: — " The community (sixty in number) mdBt all arise at two o'clock aim. Seven-hours allotted to meditation, prayer, etc. We pirdy kneelingor b tan ding. No brother is allowed to sit wiiile praying or .reading. Opce a month .we go into ..the. copBiBtQry . ;ohapel. and .publicly acoasg ourselves of all vanities and imperl^ctipns. t Flesh meat is gever flowed except tp the iijolr. btio.^jneal ap'd a oollation is .allowed in winter; two , meals in sbinmer. Our food is brfi'fta, milk, and veje r tables. All the monks^wear the cowl and habit whiFe in the bouse." The. old monk oonoladed: " .We live by bur industry ; we have no legacies, inoo'mes, or intentions, exoept tha fruit of our lands uiid our own industry." Their stalls in the chapels are made so they must either stand or kneel. Reciting the office, the.v all lower their heads at tbe names. of the saints of their order, and . kiss the ground at the names of the Father, Son, or Holy Ghost. Their summer and winter garments are of the same material. The oowl or head covering is attached to the habit; a leather belt binds the tunio to the body. Priests, brothers, and ubbot.all work in the fields. There is awful solemnity about their discipline. Seeing them mareh, two by two from tbe chape], I felt a ohill run through my boJy. Thy long line of spectres .recalled to mind so many skeletons marching to, the grave. Not a sound was made by their feet ai they passed tinder the hyssop of the abbot. The aobut had a jewelled rinV, which no nne win nTlswpd to kins. Instead of gold or silver, he Had in his hand an old wooden cvozier 1 . He had a very preoioua relio for a pectoral cross. I could whittle a better cross witl) my penknife. The string from wbioh it was suspended did not oost more than five chdss fifty years ago. His habit was patched, but very olean. The Lord Abbot Elept iu the dormitory with, tiie monkB. Over hi?, bed was .a little. font and a picture of Lpurdes. Though he could not speak in the dormitory, still.he wa^ enthuBiaBtic about tbe luxury of an old blanket which he hang before his bed to keep out the breeze of winter. I have often seeh a sailor's hammooi and railroad men's bunk, hut my Lord Abbott's pallet was leas comfortable. He bad no chair, table, or looking-glass. I was told that this man came from a noble family, and tree]y bartered- the pleasures and wealth of this world for the lone and silent cloister. TJmre were no castors or wine bottles on hiR table. Instead of silver plate and sparkling goblets there stood before an earthen jug, a rusiy .knife,.and wooden plate. This man was once a fondled child of fortune. He is to-day one of the leading scholars of the Roman Ch'nreh in Amerioa ; yet when priests and bishops and men of tlie world are enjoying the Comforts of^profound sltimber, the poor' old abbot is standing in his wooden stall leading to the choir as they sing hymns and canticles to their God and King. NO MOEA1ITY WITHOUT RELIGION. I know, said the Bishop of Vancouver's Island recently, that there are certain exceptional persons who profess no religion and yet lesid a moral life, But tliey are'not the rule. But, speaking of education, it is a rule without exception that'tKere is no mortality without religion Abraham knew it when he'skid, " Perhaps there is not the fear of God in this place, aliid they will kill me for the sake of liy wife." (Gen. rx., 11.) Do you sfee how the Scripture,' from the absence of 'the fear of God, argues to the absence of morality? The nature of man proclaims it. Since the fall of our first parents,' our passions are in rebellion against our reason ; our conscience 'gets the better''of our mind, unless religion, the fear of God, and the habitual practice of virtue aid us in subduing the wicked passions of their nature. The nature of 'the child demonstrates it. . There are three lives in man: the vegetative life, common to us and to plants ; the animal life, common to us and to animals; and' the spiritual life, common to us and to spirits. The vegetative life in the child precedes the other two lives.' A child is first like a plant—it feeds, grows, but neither moves, hears, nor, sees,; then its animal life begins to ^Y®!^*; 'it sees, hears, moves, ' and ' at the age of six or seven the light of reason dawns upon its mind, and begins to distinguish good from evil. To the animal life our strongest passions belong; therefore those passions develop, become strong, and run riot before reason can exercise its sway. And then is the time for religion to step in, to teach the knowledge and the fear of God, to speak of Him who seeth in the dark, and to announce the eternal reward of the righteous and the eternal punishment of the wicked. But suppose you can teach morality without religion, what morality are you going to take? The morality of the stoical philosophers, disciples of Zeno, who taught that suicide is lawful ? or the morality oil the Mormons ? or that of the votaries of free love ? or that of Plato, who says in his book on Republics, that we must kill deformed children ? or that of Aristotle, who maintains that it is lawful to butcher slaves like brute animals ? No, you say ; but the morality of Christianity. But why, then, not teach Christianity altogether ? "What sanction can you give to Christian morality if you sever its connection with Christian truths ? Will you do like a certain teacher who endeavoured to inculcate self-respect into boys and girls that were corrupting each other? Talk of respect to children when they are about to give themselves up to amusement ! But it is time to conclude. Here I take my stand! Here, on the altar, in the presence of God and of Jesus Christ, here is a link between God and man, between heaven and earth, and with the words of the Holy Father as my guide, with the combined efforts of the earnest exertions of all true Christians as my support, with your faith and unwavering attachment to the Church as an encouragment, I denounce the system of mixing both sexes in the same school as grossly and monstrously immoral, as a blot, a blemish, and a disgrace on this country; as a living scandal, and as an opprobrium which covers its promoters and protectors with shame and infamy. The lecturer concluded by exhorting his flock to show their Christian generosity and spirit of sacrifice in continuing to keep up their own schools, as they had done hitherto, whilst they were compelled to keep up wicked, immoral, and injurious institutions. pRDAXSTED AT SIXTY-FIVE. The New York secular papers give interesting-accounts of ordinations which took place on the 31st of May at South Orange, N.J., his Lordship, Dr. Corrigan, officiating. The World says :—What lent peculiar interest to the ceremonies was he fact that the Rev. William Henry Hoyt, once a well-known Protestant Episcopal minister, and brother of the late artist, Albert G. Hoyt, of Boston, was oie of those ordained a priest. He was born in Sandwich, N.H., in 1813, being now nearly sixty-five years old. He graduated at Dartmouth College in 1832, and studied Hebrew in Andover Seminary. He .completed his course at the Protestant Episcopal Seminary in this city, and was ordained in the Episcopal Church by Bishop Griswold in 1838. His first charge was St. Luke's, in St. Albans, Vt. In 1846 he began to study Catholicism privately,. and was received into the Church at Chambly, Canada, in the same year. After leaving the ministry he became editor of the Burlington, Vt, Chronicle and Sentinel of which the poet Saxe had been editor. He also practised law. Father Hoyt married a Vermont lady in 1839, being blessed with eleven children, nine of whom are alive—five sons and four daughters. His oldelst son, C. A. Hoyt, is now in the India-rubbeir Comb Company, and was at one time director of the Long Island Railroad Company. One daughter is married, two others being religieuses. All of the childi-eil, except a daughter in the Convent of the Sacred Heart, London, Canada, were present at the ordination yesterday. A son of Mr. Charles A., tWelve years old, was also present, making eight children arid one grandchild in all present. Father Hoyt's wife dying iii 1875 He determined to study for the •priesthood, anil was Sent by Cardinal M'Closkey to,Seton Hall for that purpose. At the tiine of Father Hoyt's coming over to Catholicism many of his congregation did likewise, arid all his children are 'Catholics, as are also the family of his Wife. His side of the house, however, didno'tchangewithhim. Notwithstanding Father Hbyt's ! a'ge liedid not ask for any ex^m^tionfrOmthe hardships of the iioVitiate, iirid wfeitt throrigh the course ike theyouiig riieh. 1 JSl JUrxiAMEN'.xAlir retcrn jnst ijiercefl sfc^re .i^ai.jthp nj»fion%l debt' of,..Great Biitoin amonnleil'.'on the. lit of April,-last.,to £77.5,8'73 1713, In, 1858 it was £839,519,328, 'showiVg ft deoreaHe of £63 645,613;.. If. the tfaiodnt 'jsrekted' in the' interval for 'speqlkl 'fcWbtii'es,' pttch 'as '^tirdhalse .'of telesraphB, lorfiflbliWohB, afad aridy ibealHWioh, be WUBfiwS, 4h'e" r detfbbse kmohiits ib i>v6r t£95;ooo';ooo. : Hltrnt- BiDOB TILT bfis jbeen jp^pbiitea electoral registrar ^or th« WWigkratta din-, JBibfi-bF'the EaB'tefa -'Piovihee afid for the. JWAtlg&rtltt;'a' dlvitiioh 'of the 'electilral diBtrict -o'f.'Moir*'; also deputy eiebtoral registrar lot 4he TarrAtringea' division of the Eastern.Fro-, •sWte. w!« W> ShieWs, tesigned ; ,«nd; J[6hil' jMs^lectoul registrar for the ^iftlricl jof- Oariton. '"• 