THE SKETCHER. A MALLEE HUNT. BY PIONEER. (CONCLUDED). We then prepared for work in good earnest. The "coachers" (quiet cattle, herded as decoys) were driven towards the lakes, there to feed peacefully over the low sand-hills, little wotting of the coming invasion of Goths, Huns, and other migratory vagrants of violent temper and exceptional powers of offence. The outlaw proper, who is a beast with a touch of most qualities, is pre-emi- nently distinguished for going straight in emergencies. This trait in his character was presently exhibited to the coachers. These latter being disposed in proper position, the whole force sallied forth in company. The two stockmen in charge of the tame herd were carefully concealed, and each provided with a Terry rifle, to be used in argument with bulls or animals of exceptional force in debate. The plain, richly dight in spring raiment of thick green verdure, looked superb. In the distance lay great mirrors embedded in the green sward. These were the basins of the salt lakes. Save the more deeply indented centres, they were dry. The surfaces from which the water had evaporated were covered thickly with masses of crystallised salt, of which the brilliantly blood red, purple, and snow white prisms flashed in the sun, as we changed positions, like a vast field of gems, akin, nay equal, in brilliant beauty to Sin- bad's valley of diamonds. There lay ap- parently sufficient store before our eyes to have cured a world's heartaches, or produced them. I had previously imagined in my ignorance that all salt was white. Now that I saw it for the first time au naturel, in all the wondrous glory of it opalesque colouring. I felt I had hitherto been acquainted only with its prosaic side. The lakes lay about five miles from the point at which our host de- bouched upon the plain. We had not gone far when a low whistle was heard from Bertie. He had descried a company of the enemy at graze about two miles south of the coachers. The whistle of the scrub-hunter is as the "Sail, ho!" of the mariner. With the sound was engendered in each breast the in- describable feeling aroused by "game in sight"—felt alike by the setter, when at the near neighbourhood of grouse or partridge every muscle seems transformed into the statuesque embodiment of a sculptured sense; by the fox-hunter, when Reynard breaks cover; by the deer- stalker, when the branching antlers of the stag royal open through the mountain pass; by the soldier, when the sun, bright glancing from polished helm, discovers the foemen to each other. The feeling is the direct product of the great nerve-centre sounding to arms. The brain clears itself for action, concentrating its powers on the coming onslaught and exigencies. The heart "beats to quarters," pouring un- ceasing supplies of vitality into the muscles, compelling animals literally, and sentient beings metaphorically, to "strain at the leash." All silently, in Indian file, we approach the heedless wildings, which, on the plain enjoying a noble range of vision, are wont to be more careless than when in covert. No command is issued by our leader, who rides on with but little trace of excitement beyond his set eyes visible upon his embrowned countenance. His bridle band and saddle-clasp have yet, to the observing eye, a slightly "gathered" ex- pression. We are now close enough to note that the lot numbers well over 100 head. Of these, there will probably be a score of grown bulls, with others of lesser age. The remainder are made up of cows, calves, and bullocks. We are less than a quarter of a mile from the herd, when a bull, feeding a little apart, raises his head. The careless sentinel has heard or scented danger. Sharply turning his head in our direction, he sees it. As he moved, Bertie had clapped spurs to his horse and ridden at top speed towards the main herd. The sentinel bull, without wasting a second chance, dashed for the nearest point of the scrub. This lay to the west of the coachers, the latter bring visible directly between it and the now fast-flying herd. We were all quickly on their flanks, and racing desperately for our places. The true plan with wild herds—proved by long experi- ence, and invariably adopted with mallee cattle, is to keep them going at first. At- tempt to check them, like ordinary station- breds, and they "split and squander" like veritable caterans—not to reunite, perhaps, for a week. Surrounded by men long trained to the work, they may to a great extent be "drafted" whilst all concerned are going at headlong speed. The arrangement of forces was in this wise:—Bertie laid himself alongside of the leaders on the outer or lake side. I rode a length or two behind him, representing the guardianship of the centre; Curly and Bob Drinkwater took correspondingly opposite places. By this scheme of tactics we forced the leading and "body" cattle to keep racing, as it were, in a lane. Nedrock, with the black boys, kept up the "tail" or rearguard, and prevented untoward flank movements. Nearer, still nearer, to the doomed domes- ticated group of coachers rushes the demoniac battering-ram. Hydra-headed, hunched horned, charging at the rate of forty miles an hour, the devilish vitrified engine will shortly make a breach in the living but inert cognate mass. Countless sore bones for the morrow must result. The old bulls, bison-like, with enormous crests, are in the lead. Crash! smash! crunch! They are into and through the ranks of their unwar- like kindred. Out clear and flying on the other side, still true for their point in the trackless thicket. The leading bulls, on emerging into the open after their "Balaclava charge," are now fully 50 yards in advance of the main body, so that when the latter reach the outraged civilisers, those of them which have been overthrown and "stamped on" by the reckless vanguard have had time to scramble to their feet. Ere they recover their scattered senses they are hurried on to join the "stampede," inextricably mingled with the rank and file of the outlaws. The bulls are now let go, being, as property, of no use to anybody—not even to the owner, whoever he may be; while the motley throng of coachers, cows, calves, "clearskins," young bulls, and old bullocks are forced off, and after a fierce "ring" or two, finally brought to a stand- still on the plain. Even now they are barely safe. But half a dozen two-year-old bulls and an old tigress of a cow drop to Bob Drinkwater's unerring revolver, and then we draw breath, and hold the game as good as bagged. On examination of results, it is found that this, our first essay, has yielded about 80 head of net captives. This was thought to be a grand success, attributable in great measure to the favourable conditions under which we had conducted the attack. There were in the number fully 20 volunteer bullocks, a dozen young bulls of from 12 to 18 months old, the rest consisting of cows branded and un- branded, with calves of all sizes. To most of the branded cattle Bertie laid claim. Others would have to serve various sentences in that state gaol for vagrant stock—the pound. We had now before us the task of driving the amalgamated herd to a stockyard, alleged to be Bertie's property (by himself) situated on the border of the mallee, and distant about five miles. As the ill-mated cattle drew sullenly along, under vigilant supervision, a single beast would ever and anon shoot out, to be swooped on by the nearest horseman, and violently hustled back, with the alternative of 'Terry.' In dealing with this class of cattle it is necessary, if a beast only looks back, to dash at him, and send him shouldering and des- perately trampling into the main body. It is unsafe even to let him face about, as once clear of comrades he is rarely recovered. On one occasion the Baron essayed to turn a cow which darted out from the ruck. He charged with great determination, but the agile beast wheeling, eluded his efforts. We looked on with breathless interest, trusting now to behold one of those hitherto un- witnessed feats of address and daring en- acted before our eyes. Suddenly, as the Baron bore down on the flying quarry with a yell of intimidation, the cow "squatted," dropping like the wild hind's fawn in the ferny glade, and lying prone with terror-pleading eyes. How all wild creatures instinctively adopt the same tactics in their despair. Our cavalier took a pull—a good one—but all too late. Jenny, with the perversity of her sex, insisted on exaggerating the master's action. Plunging forward, she landed astride of the fallen cow, which, arising with fiendish alacrity under the unwonted burden, over- threw both steed and rider upon the plain. The Baron, who had certainly not under- rated his agility in case of emergency, sprang to his feet, and, the attacking parties being reversed, "larded the lean earth" in frantic efforts to escape the now infuriated fugitive. Charles the Bold and the crafty Louis XI. might have varied their princely sport could they have witnessed Hayraddin Maugrabin coursed by a mallee cow. Badly would it have fared with our false herald, in spite of his gorgeous blazonry of the past, had not we closed with the brute, and forced her back into the herd. The Baron was exhausted, nigh to the degree of fainting. Yet, months after, did I listen to an adventure of his, narrated at second hand, where, under pre- cisely similar circumstances, he had ham- strung the cow, despatched her at leisure, and regained his trusty steed, quietly de- pasturing while the battle raged. Probably he had gained experience since the first ad- venture. After this feat of arms—or legs— the cattle behaved well with one exception. This last charge was effected by two in- furiated young bulls. One mutineer fell to the rifle of Bertie, who punished with instant death all attempts at leadership. For the other was reserved an encounter at close quarters with which I indulged old Dundee and my- self. As the bull "broke" close by me, I sent the old horse slap at him as he made his outward rush. Bonny Dundee got well in under his shoulder, and we raced gaily over the plain. I soon found that in weight he was my master, but he was contented to hold straight on. I now felt that the matter had become personal between us two and though I had only my sheath-knife a weapon not to be despised, I resolved that blood should flow ere the contest was decided against me. The gallant old chesnut, with his high blood at battle heat, went stride for stride with "Toro." He seemed so satisfied with his position that the strange, strong sympathy between horse and rider gave me confidence as to the result. With knee firmly saddle-fast, I leaned forward and made two rapid stabs between the horns. At the second stroke I spurred on alone, leaving but a quivering mass of muscle prone on the plain behind me. "Bravo, Toro! or rather Gaucho," shouted Bob Drinkwater. "You must have learned that stroke from the Baron. He would have ridden to the onset carolling— 'But give to me the "mallee" bull, With a glare in his tameless eye.' How many bulls did you kill with your pen- knife, Baron, during the last muster you had by yourself? You told the story, I remember, during the sampling of the last real old Jamaica I had at Tynjerryn." "Can't recall the exact number," growled the Baron. "Get up such another batch and perhaps I may." "You'd better have let me put a bullet in him," quoth Bertie. "Too much of the boy about that style of work. You'll be getting the old horse spiked some of these days. Mallee cattle ain't camp cattle, and when they get a horn in it's a cooey with a horse." I admitted my folly, but the old nag seemed grateful; it was for his feelings I chiefly cared. The repose of camp was not unwelcome after safely immuring our captives. Sore bones were inevitable on the morrow. Then would come our turn in the scrub—the whole scrub—and nothing but the scrub. At "nerangi daylight," as the black boys expressed it, behold as then charging our- selves carefully with hard corned beef, a wad of damper over all, for the long day's encounter. "Then bridle reins are gathered up And sabres blaze on high, And as each charger bounds away Doubts flee like ghosts at opening day, And each man joys to die."—(Old Ballad, Our Balaclava charge necessitated stock whips in place of sabres. The artillery was limited; none the less was there a good all-round chance of coming to serious grief before the day was done. The coachers were unyarded and steadied by all hands for a mile or two on their road to the plain, towards which we meant to head our scrub cattle during the day's battle. This mob would consist of those, the tracks of which we had discovered on the day we re- trieved our professorial knight errant. The coacher contingent would reach the plain about 10 o'clock a.m. We hoped to join forces then about midday with all the prey we could manage to keep straight. The Baron seemed moody at the start, several times delaying us to alter the lengths of his stirrup-leathers—sure sign of a horse- man ill at ease. Silence unbroken reigned for the ensuing two hours. At the end of that time our leader was seen off his horse. This meant tracks. There they were, deeply indented in the grassless sand of the scrub. A large mob was evidently in the vicinity. Not close at hand, as was attested by the rapidly drying sap of the boughs broken from trees and bushes. The sacred silence now removed, the duty of tightening girths and filling pipes was now observed. The Baron had another serious problem to work out with his stirrup-leathers. Why do Australians so commonly elect to dare a hazardous struggle pipe in mouth. Strange—yet so it is. The colt-breaker mounts his horse with a desperate fight for mastery staring him in the face, but first "fills up." A forlorn hope composed of Aus- tralians would surely charge "the imminent deadly breach" enveloped in clouds from their own beloved pipes. Bucked off horses, hurled out of traps, rolled over leaps in com- plicated fall, I have beheld them arise smoking. May not the pipe to the Aus- tralian, as a balancing-pole to a Blondin, be more than "something to hold on by"—a mysterious half magical safeguard. Before opening business in the scrub one direction only is needed to him unused to that form of woodcraft. Inexperienced, he is certain, however good his horsemanship, to be left behind. Duly cautioned then must he be—"When you lose sight of us, stick to the tracks." "This is old Peacock's mob," said Bertie in low tones. "He's been worth a good bit of money to me since I took to running mallee scrubbers. I've broken his mob up 20 times within the last five years, but he soon collects another one as big as the last. His brains must be worth more than one pair of horns to him. For though he's only a poley, he leads all the bulls I know, and they're a good few. Now, you mightn't be- lieve it, Mr. Robert, but I wouldn't take a hundred notes for that old blue poley cuss." "Quite right," answered Bob; "he's no end of a head centre, and there must be something attractive in his personal appear- ance among his compeers which would pro- bably be invisible to the judge at our annual show. Come on, lads; it will be bones versus timber to some tune ere we have turned the old villain's flank." Once more we are up and doing. Bertie jogs along the tracks, which we follow in Indian file. The broken boughs appear fresher, the "sign" more recent. All ride prepared for Bertie's shrill whistle as he sud- denly darts away at full speed. The cattle are not in sight, but the tracks—the hunters' earth-written truthful tablets—have told that skilful woodsman that the wild herd have scented danger and fled. There is no difficulty in holding the trail at top speed; the earth is deeply ploughed; broken up rooted trees are scattered in all directions. Fully two miles had been covered ere we commenced to catch glimpses of the frantic hurrying line ahead. We heard the fierce leaders crashing, elephant fashion, through the jungle, and could see the smaller cattle dodging more heedfully in their wake. To right and left we dash, Bertie and Curly each racing for the van, on opposite sides. With their consummate knowledge of the locale they could be trusted to guide the leaders towards the right course. Bob Drinkwater and I took charge of the centre on either side, whilst the others, as formerly, prevented the rear and flanks from strag- gling. The distance was five miles, all out, from the point where we closed with the outlaws to our plain on which we hoped to finish. No hesitation was possible at the pace we were going. If a beast showed unmistakably that he meant breaking, he was let go, while the main body received every attention. The great object was to keep parting with the leaders without permitting others to follow them. The old bulls—utterly valueless— being in the lead, Bertie and Curly were enabled to "cut them off" as opportunity offered. It was a very different task to that on the plain, where, everything being within sight, we could work to one another. Here each had to take his own line, while mistakes were fatal. The long string of cattle after the first half hour was fully a mile in length, but still keeping their course. Old Peacock with his staff had long since gone off at a tangent We heard them afar at intervals, like a moving avalanche. Could we keep the remainder going for an- other mile, we were, comparatively speaking, safe. The Baron was nowhere in sight; we knew that he would account for himself, whatever became of us. In spite of all our efforts the mob had "split." Bertie and Curly had disappeared with some bullocks and a few stray cows of the vanguard. Bob and I, with our black boys, made safe of about fifty head of cows and calves. Button had levanted in charge of a small mob to the right. Soon we should know our fate. Most fortunately, as our blown convoys were commencing to halt sullenly, we emerged upon the plain. There we found Button with twenty head fairly at bay under a small clump of trees. The cattle, with tongues out and heaving flanks, were in a highly critical state. We saw the coachers ap- proaching, but we could no longer guide the exasperated brutes. Dashing our lot into Button's, and, charging one after another, we "rung" them sharply half a dozen times, ever and again drawing back to dart at every beast that showed a front. This, however, was too good to last. The coachers were within a hundred yards, when we hurled ourselves upon the outlaw troop, and fairly bustled them into harbour. We steadied them—tame and wild—all jumbled up to- gether more or less incoherently. By the time that operation was completed horses and men were fairly told out. We had scarcely drawn our wind when Bertie appeared, apparently being brought in by a magnificent roan cow—a very queen of the forest. Staggering, and yet pursuing him savagely, with blazing eye and pendent tongue, she menaced him at every stride. If she stopped, Bertie would walk his horse back to her and rekindle her ire, when she would charge after him, still nearing the toils. With one last desperate rush, falling on her knees with the mad effort, she gave him up apparently, and passed over into our now comparatively quiet herd. "There, my lady," announced Bertie, as an explanation, "we've had many a game before, but this is the first time I've scored off you to speak of." Bertie was celebrated in camp chronicles for never turning up without something. He had been known rather to carry in a calf on his saddle than come in empty- handed. "What have you done with Curly and the bullocks?" it was asked of him. "Well, you see," answered Bertie, "we did get a ring on them, on a small plain about a mile from here. Then every hoof of them split himself into fifty blank mobs, and my share was the roan cow yonder. I saw Master Curly 'scratching,' with two fifteen hundred pounders after him. They may bring him in presently. I hardly think he'll bring them—not much.'' It was the hour to sound the roll-call. But- ton and Tommy Tight were present; Louie was out. Curly and the Baron were absentees. The former shortly after appeared, alone, upon which we buckled to and yarded the whole drove safely and securely. But where was the Baron? He had been missed soon after the pace became good, bnt we knew him to be like Joey B.—" sly, Sir, de—vilish sly." He would turn up presently with a tale of marvellous doings. All hands were preparing to turn out for the night's camp, after our successful day's work, when the long protracted cry of the Australian wild—faint yet clear—was borne to us upon the breeze. "The Baron treed for a sovereign," cried Bob. "Come on, Pioneer, and release the old beggar, we cannot afford to lose a modern minstrel of his talent; we shall need him in camp to-night for a yarn." Away we cantered on our back tracks, the "cooeys" becoming more urgent as we approached the "vox- humana stop." We found the scene of action about half a mile from the plain, and a short distance from the trail. We had arrived none too soon. Our comrade was all but impaled, if scarce on the horns of dilemma, on those of a justly indignant cow. The wrongs inflicted on her race by the white man had endowed her aged bosom with implacable ferocity, her frame with unparalleled vigour, which she was displaying in a series of frantic charges at the elusive, but temptingly dangling legs of the Baron, pendant from a very moderate sized sampling. Had we died we must have stopped for one moment to shout with laughter at the Baron's frantic efforts, which landed him a foot or two higher on his perch, only to return, like the stone of one Sisyphus, the next time the tigress cow came into violent contact with the sapling. Seeing that he was becoming exhausted we charged to the rescue, and shot the besieger into the scrub, while the demo- ralised aristocrat dropped to the earth a heap of groans and curses. "By Jove, Baron," said Bob feelingly, "you put me in mind of a native bear with a 'grizzly' going for him. Why the deuce didn't you call out? It was the merest chance our coming across you at all." "Sing out be hanged!" roared the unap- peased noble. "I sung out till I knocked the bark off every tree within a hundred yards. Another five minutes and I should have dropped on the horns of that for ever- accursed old Jezebel." "Would that I had seen it," said the incorrigible Bob. "Sycorax nursing Caliban could have been nothing to it. But where is the faithless Jenny? Has she left her master in his need?" "Gone to blazes, I hope," shouted her owner wrathfully. "If she had not stuck up and kicked me off when the old witch charged, this would not have happened." Rage is ever truthful; then we heard the true version of the catastrophe. The cow had suddenly assailed the unwary Baron as he jogged after us. Jenny sulked and kicked her rider off, who got up a tree, like many a better man when the earth became unsafe. That night we soothed his wounded feel- ings by accepting a magnificent romance without apparent doubt. Louis turned up late with two hats, a stirrup leather, and a saddle pad, torn off as we sped through the jungle. The dawn saw us returning with rent garments and aching bones on the home track to Tynjerryn, where we abode holding much joyous converse during a week's well- earned holiday. 