THE HOLY PRIESTS OP ST. MARY'S CATHEDRAL. OR A TE UT EONVER TAT UR ET VIVAT. to his grace ROGER BEDE VAUGHAN, O.S.B. Archbishop of Nazianzus' and Coadjdtor- Archbishop. , Vioar-General: and Administrator 'of the \- '.Archdiocese of Sydney; My Lord, - ... Ecce in manu tu a est: . .Veruntamenanimainilliusserva, , "Jobxi., 6. 1\. I have been ; acquainted that the health of our venerated Archbishop,. John. Bede Polding, is m a very precarious . state. Consequently, if it be true what you say- in yourletter of May 21, -1875, that the ''decision of - my deposition and degradation,, as a public-approved officiating Missionary Priest in this Archdiocese, was by "his order, I would most humbly and earnestly request you as his Coadjutor, his Vicar-General, his Administrator, to advise him, for the sake of his eternal salvation, to settle my case ac cording to justice, before he goes to the house of his eternity, and enters into judgement with that impartial wrathful God— who, without respect of persons, judgeth according to every one's work. Old as he is, and victim, I am sorry to say, of that sentence : By what things a man sinneth, by the same also is he tormented —he is now in your hands. Do with him what you like. But yet I say to you, as the Almighty God said to Satan concerning Job, save his soul : verunlamen aninam Wins servo. 2\. You will admit, I trust, my Lord, that there are no two moral theologies — one for Priests and another for Bishops. As there is but one God, one eternal Law, one light of reason that shows to us the things that are good and the things that are bad ; so there is but one moral theology, for all, one truth, one righteous ness, one synderesis. Philosophers, theologians, and jurists say, that the principles of right and justice are absolute, universal, eternal, un changeable, The wretches who, as it is stated in the Book of Wisdom, attempted to render them subjected, capricious, temporary, elastic, established as the supreme law of man's actions, his passions, hi3 pleasure, his might, his wealth, and said : Let our strength be the law of justice ; for that which is feeble is found to be nothing worth. Let us oppress the poor just man : let us lie in wait for him, because he is not for our turn, and is contrary to our doings, and up- braideth us with transgressions of the Law, and divulgeth against us the sins of our way of life. - But those wretches were justly blamed and condemned by the Sprit of God, who passed upon them the following verdict : These things they thought, and were deceived ; for their own malice blinded them : and they knew not the secrets of God, nor hoped for the wages of justice, nor esteemed the honour of holy souls. It is theologically and philosophically certain that God made the little and great ; that He is the Father and Redeemer of all ; that He hath equally care for all; that He blesseth all that fear him, both little and great ; that He malieth the sun shine upon the good as well as 'upon . the bad. But when he shall come to judge the world in justice and truth, then he shall render to every man, whether Priest or Bishop, according to his works. If, says St. Peter, the just man shall then scarcely be saved, where shall an Archbishop that has criminated a re ligious Missionary Priest and put him in the awful temptation of making compromising steps appear. 3\. Of course as a religious, at these troublous times of open crusades against religious persons, and against every pious soul, that seeketh God, it is my duty, if I don't say my glory and my pride, to suffer, to forgive, and to exclaim with David : In Thee, 0 Lord, have I hoped, let me never be put to confusion. Deliver me in thy justice, and rescue me. Be Thou unto me a God of protection, and a palace of strength : for thou art my firmament and my refuge. Deliver me out of the hand of the sinner, and out of the hand of the transgressor of the law, and of the unjust : for Thou art, 0 Lord, my patience, my hope, 0 Lord, from my youth. But, as before God, we are all equal, nor is there any distinc tion of person in the House of our Heavenly Father ; so, it is also the duty of our venerated Archbishop — a duty of conscience and justice — a duty, upon .which may depend the destiny of his immortal soul, to repair, according to the doctrine of all theologians and Fathers of the Church, . the injury done to me, to my personal rights, to my sacred character, to my missionary ministry, to my public name and position, to my religious order, to the people whom he has deprived of my priestly administrations. And surely, my Lord, if you have any fear of the severe judgments of God, you would not like to descend into the grave, and to be launched into the ocean of eternity with such a black stain of manifest injustice on your Archiepiscopal character. Twice I called upon his Grace; but, probably, fearing that I may say to him, I am without sin, and am innocent ; let Thy anger be turned away from me, he declined to see me. I wrote, also, a letter to him — but I am afraid he never read it. 4\. The fact of St J oseph Calassanetius should inspire every Church-prelate that reads . the lives of the Saints, and believes in the eternal punishment due to impenitent sinners, with sacred awe and spirit of resipiscence. Hear, my Lord, and tremble, for it is divinely written — "it is better to be rebuked by a wise man than to be deceived by the flattery of fools. The Saint, as we read in his life,, was accused, through jealousy and envy, by a priest of high position and influence in the eternal city, of crimes which cannot be named. In consequence of it, he was suspended as a priest ; he was de posed as the general of his order; he was deprived of the only consolation he had from his religious profession, which consisted in looking after and instructing the poor, ragged, destitute children. The people were fully convinced of the Saint's innocence ; and the Blessed Virgin Mary gave a proof of it, from a picture, which is still venerated up to this very day, in the Church of St. Pantaleon, in Rome, when she spoke to him and comforted him, and blessed him in the presence of all the children engaged in prayer. But the criminating priest was too powerful in .the Papal city, and in the office of the Inquisition. At noon-day, the Saint was driven out of his convent as a criminal ; he was put on an open disgraceful cart ; he was publicly carried through the streets of Rome, among the hissing and shouting of the hired wild mob, to the gloomy dungeons of the Inquisition, where he was kept in iron chains, on bread and water for five entire years. But that God, who is wonderful in His Saints : that God who is a patient rewarder ; that God who loveth mercy and truth : that God whose eyes are upon the just, and his ears into their prayers ; that God who cannot forsake His elect, and permit them to see corruption; that God, I say, delivered, ' as it were by prodigy, the martyr Calassanetius from the ignominious irons of the Inquisitions ; and, being declared innocent, he was restored . to his' former public position. But lo ! the triumph of St. Calassanetius' in nocence covered the criminating priest with shame and confusion ; . who, being internally gnawed with bitter remorse, and fearing to be dragged himself in retaliation to the Inquisition, fell dangerously ill, and his recovery was finally despaired of. St. Calassanctious thought that the criminating priest would at this time send an apology to him ; but no. The Saint, through a friend, sent' the dying criminator his affec tionate regards, assuring him that he would haye a big share in his holy prayers ; but to no pur- pose. At last the Saint went himself in person to see him ; he approached him and kissed him;; he spoke to him in the most endearing words about heavenly things, about God's infinite mercy and long-suffering in bearing with sinners ; but he was speaking to a stone, for no sign of repentance and compunction was ever made by the dying criminating priest. St. Calassanetius, seeing that the case was an hope less one, led by the Spirit of God, said to the impenitent criminator : "Ah, my brother priest, do you know me?" And he replied, "No." And the Saint : " Have you any recollection of having criminated anyone in your life ?" And he replied " No." And the Saint : " Does your conscience ever reproach you with having ever injured somehow your neighbour?" And he replied, "No.". Then' the Saint filled with zeal for the salvation of the un fortunate impenitent dying priest burst out into sorrowful tears, and exclaimed : " Ah ! my dear friend, I am your humble servant, Joseph Cal assanetius, whom you criminated in St. Pant aleon, and caused to be degraded' and dragged to the Inquisition. My dear friend 1 came to see you, and to thank you for all that you did f to me, because it was for my good ; it was for my humiliation ; it was for the expiation of my many sins. But now God, in His mercy, de mands of you before you enter into judgment with Him, that you should ask my pardon as well as His. Will yon do this my dear friend ?" And the impenitent criminating priest replied in a desperate tone, thrice, "No, no, no." Atlength lie gave an infernal look at the saint, and child with his mouth fullof filthy foam, with his tongue out of it as black as a coal, stinking as a carcass, and frightening all that stood around him, who had to hasten his burial, lest he should infect the whole neighbourhood. Father Ventura, describing this fact to the Roman clergy, in the famous spiritual exercises, he gave them by the order of Pius IX., made such an impression upon them all, that, seized with terror and awe, they renewed in the Church the touching and edifying scenes, which s were so frequent at the time of that Apostolical man— St. Leonard. Ah ! my Lord, may the Almighty. God, .in his good mercy, deliver us from, priestly and- much more from episcopal jealousy, envy, hatred, spirit of spitefulness and vindictiveness. Alas! If such fiendish vipers are once suffered to nest and hatch into a priest or bishop's breast, all isoverJ For there will be no healing medicines for' it ; their poisonous bites shall be incurable ; and the Scripture shall be verified : quis orabit -pro eo ; who shall interpose and pray for him ? Of course he shall die unpenitent, and shall go to hell, and the sentence of Isaias shnR.be,. true— " In tlie land of the Saints lie did wicked things, and lie shall not. see the glory of the Lord." 5\. Now, my Lord, I should bo very, sorry indeed, "if our .venerated Archbishop through carelessness, or human respect, or misunder stood friendship and. delicacy of- feelings, had to close the glorious career of; his missionary labours with, such a -tragic end and ' ' receive the recompense due to his error. The Holy Ghost says that : " God hath given, to every, man com mandment concerning his neighbours! happiness, and again. He says that, " a merciful man doth good to his own soul, but he that is cruel casteth off even that of his kindred. All ! be, then, not cruel, but merciful to our poor old venerated Archbisliop. Bear in mind, my Lord, that, t according to' St. Paulj to , be without affection, without fidelity, without mercy, is a mark of ( reprobate sense, or sealed iniquity, of eternal c confusion. If ., you love him as your brother monk, your- brother archbishop-; if you respect 1 him as your Father in Glirist, as you said that | you would, in your first ; address in St. Mary's 1 Cathedral, "on the day of your arrival in this colony be a real friend to him, a real brother, a . real child." "He has given you all his authority, betray him not. _ Do with' him what you like ; but allow me to impress upon your mind what God said ,to Satan, regarding the calamity of Job, save at least his soul ,y:,ver\mtaium animam Ulius serva. Yes, have compassion: on his im mortal soul, signed witlr tho light of God's 'countenance,' marked with the ' image and like ness of the Creator, and honoured with episcopal character, which is . a . certain', participation of the, - divine nature. Remember the ; divine saying, " Where there is no knowledge of the soul. there is no good ;" and again, " the ransom of 'man's soul are his riches and . again, " the good advices of a' friend .'are sweet, to the soul. 6\. Certainly if . ydu have ever read , tlie two theological treatises ; De jnstiLia ct jure. De restitutione ; " of the justice and right, and of the restitution. " if you have aiiy' correct idea of right and wrong, if you believe in.a future state, iu an- eternity of bliss or woe; if you are not altogether dead to.:, every. . feeling of religion, of humanity, of-., common : sense; you must, my Lord,. :of . necessity, "admit '. that the case of a rehgious- missionary .Priest ' publicly deposed, degraded, -defamed without any cause or trial, reduced to the lowest ebb of misery, cast out of the sanctuary, . and left in a strange land, home less, friendless and penniless, is a case not to be overlooked by him that has been the main cause of it, and is now fast approaching the tre mendous Judgment Seat of Christ, before whom he.is to stand, .divested of all his archiepiscopal robes, without any deacon or sub-deacon or master; of ceremony, without any Coadjutor or Vicar:Generai ' or Administrator, without any; lawyer to plead his cause, or attorney or flatterer— .but by' myself alone, trembling, naked, : and pending between paridise and hell, in order to receive the proper things of the body, according as he hath done, whether it be good or evil. Oh ! at this thought, my Lord go to Him and make haste. Goto him in the same spirit as St. Joseph Calassanetius went to the dying criminating Priest. There is no time to loose ; the night is at hand : that fatal night in which no man can work his salvation any more. Say to Him as touchingly as possible : My dear brother monk and brother Archbishop, for the sake of your soul be not ashamed to confess the truth, to make reparation, and to restore Father Barsanti, who lias loved you so much, who has done so much for you, and for whom you always had so. miich regard and esteem, to his former Priestly rights. He, in his good nature and Christian heart, pardons you ; but he cannot dispense, you - with the moral inj unction, and divine obligation, to repair the injury done be him; to his sacred character; to his ministry Think, my brother - monk; and; brother Arch bishop, .on what; the. r Lord says. ; Vengeance is ! Mine, . and in due time I -\vill repay. . Think that, it is a fearful thing to fall into the hands of ( . the : living ,' God.;: i Think , that it is not th® . will; of1: the " Heavenly Father that any of His 