THE VETERANS OF THE GRAND ARMY MEWrmo NAOeHo't ASeES FnOe ST. HELENA. (rao? ?TeOPmLh OAUTIEB.) BOBnn, and thus forced out of my room, Along the Boulevard I passed, Around me hung December's gloom, The wind was cold, the showeredrove fast Then straight I saw (how strange the sight I) Escaped from their grim dwelling-place, Trampling through mud in sorry plight, Ghoste at mid- day,-ghosts face to face. ht isk the time when shades h: e power, N t German moonlight silvers all, Within psome old and tottering-tower, To flit across the pillared hall. 'Tie night whpn fairie from the floods In dripping robes ris like a breath, Then drag beneath their lily buds Some hoy whom they have danoed to death. 'Twas night, if Zedlits singeth true, When (hslf-seen shade) the'Emperor Xarhalled tin line,; for that rqview, The shades of Austerlitz once more. But epte in the pnblic street, Searce from the playhouseepaceo two, Veiled nor by mist, nor winding-shet, Who stand there wearied and twet through.' SWell may we wonder as we gaze; S-Three grmblng phantoms hover dim, In uniform of other days,' , One ex-guard, two hussars with him, Not these the slain, who, though they die, etill hear through barth Napoleon's drum; But veterans of atime gone by Waked up to see his relies come. Who, sinse that last, that fatal fight, Have grown, or fat, or lean and grim; Whose uniforms, unless too tight, Float wide around each wasted limb. Oh, noble raje, still like a star To youthe Cross of Honeur clings, 8bhlimely sladiorous, ye are G-andor than purple tora by kings ! A nervelee plume, s if with fear, Trembles above the bearskin frayed; Moth-freottea he pelisse is, near Those holes by hostile bullets made; ' Tha~leathern overalls, too larg~, Round the shrunk thigh in wrinkles fall, And rusty sabres, weorymg charge, Drag on the ground, or beat the wall. The next one is grotes?qe, with chest \- -tretdbing a eott+oo smail by half; Bent for the stripes that deck his breast, At the old war-wolf we might laugh. My rothers, monk them not too munoh; Rather salute, with heads low bent, These heoes of an Iliad, such As Homer never could invent. Greet each bald head with reverenoe due, F orqn brows, bronzed by many a clime, A lengthening scar oft reddens through" The linee that hab been duag by time. Their skins, bya strange blackness, tell Of Egypt's heat and blinding light; Russia's snow powder, as it fell, Has kept those thin locks ever white. Thr bands may tremble; yes, still keen The oola of Berina bitese; They limp, for long the march between Cairo and Wilna's frozen heights. Theey dop, bent double, since in war shees but flags for sleep had they; The helpless sleeve may flutter, for A round shot tore the arm away. Ianuh not, dtough round them lelps and ?he howling street boy with delight; They were the day of those proud years- The eveing we-perchance the night. s'?/ recollect, if we forget, lancers in red, ex-guard in blue, And-worship, at his column met, TheGonly God they ever knew. Prbnd of the pains endured so lorig, Grateful for nmiseries nobly borne They feel the heart of Franca beat strong Under that clothing soiled and worn. Our tears then check the smile that played, To see thi strange pomp on its way The Empire'e ghostly maquerade- Di,' as a bell when dawnos the day. SThrogh shieswhi?yet her slendous fll, The Eagle of our armies old, ?rom depio of glory, brning etil, ipreaL over them her wings of gold. 