Ox last Thursday in n well-written, though one sided article, the Echo gave its reasons for being unable to bring itself into harmony with the views put forward by the Working Men's Defence Association. . With regard to the charge which our metropolitan contemporary brings against the representatives of that Association — that of endeavouring to intensify class antagonisms, we do not thiuk that it was quite fairly and honestly put, since, in making it, the assumption is alio made (though in an indirect, negative way) that the past political action of the merchants of the metropolis and of the squattei'o lias not been such as to call forth the bitter, narrow, and selfish antagonism to which the Echo somewhat wrathful ly refers. The Echo thus epitomises tho views of the Working Men's Defence Association: "lu effect, it says — the capitalists of town and country are our natural enemies ; let us unite our voting power and put some of our own class into the House to legislate in our inter ests and against theirs.' Now, though we are far from agreeing with the " platform " views of tho Working Men's Association, we yet could ask the very intelligent writer of tho article in the Echo to which we have called attention — Why is it that capitalists of town and country are viewed by the working man as his natural enemies 1 Why is it that the working man feels it to bo of vital interest to him that his class should he represented in the Parliament of the colony 1 Is it not true that the political history of tho past has showu to the poorer classes, in tho clearest possible light, that the capitalists of town and country, tho merchants of the metropolis and the squatters, are their enemies ? f Free Trade is disliked by the poorer classes is it not because Free Trade has boen so " worked " by the " soft goods ' capitalists as to benefit very few besides themselves 1 The result of the abolition of ad valorem, duties has not benefited the consumer inany theleast appreciable way, while it hasstud- ded the suburbs of the metropolis with the al most palatial residences of successful drapers. Or take the history of the administration of the land law. At tho Lands Otlice the poor man has been made to feel that there i3 one measure of official dealing for him and those of his class, and quite another lor those who are woalthy. Or take the so-called system by which admission to the Civil Service of the State is secured (one cannot say regulated). Has the ' poor man a ghost of a chance of securing anything by it, save and except by the instrumentality of wealthy friends 1 Or, lastly, take the composition of the magisterial benches to which wealth or connection with wealth alone conducts a man, is there not something in such a mode of procedure to disgust an intelligent poor man 1 We quite agree with the Echo that tho Working Men's Defence Association is a class organisation, and that in its views it is narrow and selfish : but then we go beyond the Echo, inasmuch as we regard it as tho natural result of years of a class tyranny — of another class organisation equally a3 narrow and selfish, an organisation, too, to which the great journal that the Echo echoes all along gave its co-oporation, and lent tho support of its name— the tyranny of capital. As in this colony nearly every man is a worker of some sort, either with hand or brain, we dislike the special, restricted application of the term " working man '' to the lower classes. The true division of the people here is into wealthy and poor. There is no patriciate of birth, and no particular work moro eaobling than another. Mon are either poor or rich — and tho rich have hitherto had the political power, and the fruition of the " plums " which in democracies are the perquisites, tho " bunts," of political power. The poor now see that by manhood suffrage, worked properly, they too can share iu these good things. Having seen how un scrupulously the wealthy have in the past used their political power, the poor (for there is as much human nature in a poor man as in a rich one) naturally want to see what a share in It will do for them. Roman history tolls «8 that when the plelnuan party was in luck it developed all the exclusiveness of the aristo cratic character, that it proved even more grasping and more decidedly exclusive than the old partician party. Democratic canvass ing and aristocratic exclusiveness are quite compatible ; and possibly the worst and most corrupt days of Australian politics were those prior to 180 1, when power and place and room to move in (so to speak) belonged exclusively to the " wealthy lower orders." Tbo poorer classes could hardly bo expected to see this and not resent it. While times were good they i were slack about taking steps to assert their electoral power. But when the tide turned, ' when the gold-fields failed, when the rate of j wages fell, it was only natural that they j should feel a desire to see that if having a J finger in the political pie might not better their condition. That in New South Wales class is arrayed against class is the fault of the capitalists, who, as the real, dispensers of political power, hare hitherto only cared to legislate in thpir own interests, or (where on occasion they have accepted liberal legislation) to see that the law was 'administered in their own interests. Wc have just spoken of the capitalists as the real dispensers of political power, and is it not so 1 Is not the influence I of the associated banks, for example, a grave political danger 1 And i3 the breaking down of their raonoply possible, except by a Govern ment very different from any which a Par liament so constituted as the present one could find tho material for 1 Were tho state of things desired by the would-be aristocrats to exist for a quarter of century, the result would probably be a population divided into two classes, capitalists and rabble — a population somewhat similar to that of Ttaly about the time the Roman power j had reached its climax. The metropolis under auch circumstances would assuredly develop (as Sydney is now developing) into an over- grown, unhealthy excrescence on the body politic, and would become the rendezvous of the adventurer and tho parasite — and of that worst type of tho bad species of demagogue, the muu who, with the claims of the " working man " for ever on his tongue, is ever ready to do the dirty work of anyone who will make it worth his while. The capitalist party may say that the representatives of the Working Men's Defence Association are making a trade, or trying to make one of their demagogueism, may say that Mr. White should stick to his last ; but they will find it difficult to make thinking persons forget that they themselves have made a trade, a roaring trade, of their own political position, and that they have done business to the tune of thousands, while the advocates for payment of members ask for only a modest three hundred a year. It is quite possible that harm may result from the action of the association. Much good can certainly not be expected from anything so narrow and so undoubtedly selfish j yet still some good may flow from it. As a check to the one sided, demoralising, unscrupulous spirit, which, as Mommseu (iu his Roman History) points out, is oven the characteristic of a pure capitalist system, it will be beneficial. And so, in an indirect manner, it may lead to teach ing capital that its power, though great, is not supreme iu a Free State. Even if trouble arise from the active antagonism of the rich and poor, perhaps out of the shock may be struck a fuller national comprehension of the vital truth that " righteousness exalteth a nation." Not the righteousness of phylactery, nor that of the bigot, not that of fair-worded statutes, warped by selfishness to suit her own ends, but that of equitable laws equitably ad ministered, under which all classes can enjoy their rights, none making them afraid — selector nob envying squatter, squatter not vexing selector, and with a peace confirmed on a basis of reciprocity betweon capital and labour. 