COOKTOWN. Saturday. Two deputntious, ono Chinese and the othor anti- Chinoso, waited ou Mossrs. Dickson and Moin to-day. ' The first ooiieistoil of Ghiucso, who asked Ministers that tlio provisions of tho Into Act bo not strictly enforced as against tlioso Ohineso who had arrived ou tho Falmor anil other goldliclds, hoforo tho passing of tlio Aot. Ministors replied tli.it tlioy had no powor to ovcr-rido Aots of Farliumont. The deputation llion asked thnt Btrict enquiry ho mado conocrning the ill-trcatmont allogod to havo boon inlliotcd ou Cliiuoso, by offioors on tlio goldfiolds. Tlio scoond deputation consisted of tlioso who nro unfavorable to tho .Ohinoso, nnd pre sented a petition against Chinoso being por. 'mittod to mino oil any gold iiold till tho expiry of fivo yoars from tho date of its being first disoovorod, The Nomination.— It is notified iu to-day's issue thut Oaptaiu Hunter," returning officor, will bo in' nttondauoo ut tho Court IIouso to day, for tlio purposo of rooeiviug nominations, up to 6 p.m. Magisterial Roster.— Tlio followiug are tho nnniou of magistrates sot down for attond- atioo at tho Police Court duriug tho ourront Royco; Wodaosday, William Broom "and Josoph Brown ; Thursday, O. H. Buzacott and William Cullaghau ; Friday, R. L. Dihdin and A. Fooz; Saturday, John Ferguson aud T. S- Hilll. .D,?ATXV r8rot to ounounco tlio doath of Mr. Clmrlca O. Hall. brotKnmf t a n-n Lsq., mouagor of tho Quoonsland National Bank, wiiich oooorrod on Saturday night, aftor a vory loiig aud painful illneas-iu foot, an iU- noss of years, whioh threatened at any time to bn fatal. Mr. Hall diod, so wo understand, from oonsumptoii, his sufferings being, as his ond drew near, oxoocdingly acuto, but whioh wore homo by him with amazing spirit and forbtude. Mr. Hail enjoyed the rospoot and auootion of a largo numbor- of friends, who, ho wmuohsoevcr thoy may mourn his loss, oannot but consider lus release a (happy ono for him. iho remains of Mr. Hall wnr„ fnii„m..a Comotery by most of those who Jualitio! aPPr0iated hi8 many oxoolln« Rain. -About 11 o'clook on Saturday night tho pooplo of Rookhampton wero agreeably surprised to hoar' drons ntiori..- Sorwdlr10-8' in L afterwards, tho ram camo down merrily and d.d not step until nearly two o'clook on Sunday morning. Iho downfall wus heralded by a sharp thunder stmm, and lightping through- ut the night was occasionally very vivid. The clouds were very heavy and threatening all day yesterday, and several fiuo flhowers fo£ and when wo went to press last night there ,. VOry ln it'Qa ' a eontinuanoo -of weather, suoh as will save tho stock still loft it raitlfid hoavilv nn CnA...-7 t. , ' j s-i aiccrnoon ou tbo ooast aud oountry, Meadow -Flats being ospeomUy favored, and „» n,„ earns ovor tho southern, and south-western hills, wo may oxpeot to hoar that the down pour has boon abuuda.it in the interior.. Wo nro afraid oven to suggest tho drought has broken up, but the rain that has fallen has ffi ed many of tho smalior wntorholos, aud tho OniOKET.— A match was played on Saturday afternoon on tho North Rookhamptou Pastur ago Rosorvo, botwoou tho Rookhamptou Exeols!" n! Pi,k0dfrO,m tb0i?it3 a"d w' vumuiuoa JLiovou wout to tho wiukots first, and woro disposed of for 39 ruus, tho Rookhamptou mou tonni,,o. n.„._ only by 16. Tho play ou both sides was good, tho Holding on tbo part of tho lattor boing ad- mirablo. Tho gauio will bo couoiudod ou Satur day fortnight, .wliou wo shall outor fully int0 pnrtioulars. Good Toraplars— 1st Innings.— p. Cnvnuagh, o. b/ Alford, a; T. M'Orodin o. Miiford (sub.) Fisher, 6; D. Maync „ b: Alford, 4 ; F. Nobbs, b. G. Boldomuii, 8 G B Jouos, b. Alford, 7 ; W. Phypors, b. Fisher, 0;' W. Dixon, not out,|10: J, S. Foreruson n Martin, h. G. Boidoman, 0 ;» J. p. Foster (onptam) b. F. Boidoman, 8: G. Wright, o. Barnos, b. F. Boidoman, 0; J. Johnson, b. . Boidoman, 0; byo, 1 ; wido,l ; total, 30. Rookhampton— 1st Iuuings.-A.Fooz, b.Dixon, J, Woavor (thrown, oat) Phypers, 4; Q. Boidoman, h.B. Dixon, drF. Boldcm!,, o. Mayno, b. Dixou, 9 ; Alford, b. Nixon, 1 ; T. T. Faunoo (oaptaiu) o. Jouos, b. Mayno, 0 A. 1'ishor, not out, 20 ; H. Boidemaii, o. Dixon, b. Mayno, 3; H. S. Martin, b. Dixon, II; J. Gleoion, b. Dixon, 0 ; T. Barnos, o. Nobbs, bi Mayno, 0 ; byos, 2 ; ' widos, 2 total, 65. . Customs. — Tho r'ocoipts at tlio Cusiom' Houso daring tho wook ending 17th instant, , (mounted t6 £1672. 0s. 6dj , Missionary Mbetino.— It will- ho observod that ja, public incoting of thoso iutorontcd in missionary offorts - will ho held this ovoning, nt tho Primitivo MotliodiBt Ohuroh, whore addroseos will bo dolivorad hy sOYoral gcutlomuu on this interesting subject. Postal Information. — A monoy ordor oilloo lias bean established at Ynamlin. The mall lino hns hcon extended from Blaakwntcr nnd Tolmio's Rango to Comot. A roooiving offloo has boon established nt Elgin Downs (Muir- hoad's station ) on Mistako Creek, near Clormout. GoVebnmbnt FAnoEs. — Tho Cairns Adver tiser gravoly informs its road ors that "Mr. Dosshon, tho inspector- of aeooun. from tho Audit Offleo, nrrivod por Egmont, ss., on' Thursday. After inspecting accounts at Cairns, this gentleman prooccds to Thoruhorough npon .a liko mission." Now, tliisis ouo of tlio faracs whioh tho Government plays for tho satisfaction of tho people, who find it— wo shrewdly suspcot— no laughing- matter. The aboro \- announcement is, no doubt, intended to impress the publio with an idea of tho oaro oxoroisod by the Governmont, in seoing that the revouuc 1b uot plundered; but, as it gener ally happens tho Government is tbo lost to hoar that offioinl frauds havo been committed, although tho fact has boon patent- to every body oIbc, nnd only forced upon its uotieoby tho recklessness and magnitudo of tho frauds committed.,. Wo confess wo doo't tako that .comfort from tho presonce of ovornmout accountants amongst us that might be oxpaoted, for they appear to take, in thoir examination of tho publio aaoouut, tliir ouo from tho Governmont whioh winks, dta., with tho most iuorodiblo good nature at aots on tho part of Boma of their sorvnnts, whioh, if oommittod by nny of tho unoffialnl publio, would autaii vory hoavy pcunltios. . For instauca, how oatuo it thnt tho Polico Magistrate aud Colleator of Customs ut Gladstone, had .his hooks eortitiud to us oor- root, although lio had thou boon robbing tho Govornmont for yoars, nnd that bis frauds woro only onquirod into .through tho opon and glaring munuar in which lie curried them on ? Again, how oamo it thut auothor magistrate who dolraudod tho Governmont of £1200 was, whou found out, allowod to refund nud osonpo tho aonsequcncos of his orimo— an oseana rightly or wrongly attributed to his intiinaoy in tho quarter wlioro the. powor of prosecuting him lay ? Wo vory muoh doubt, hail ho boon a poor man, if tlio samo consideration would hnvo boon extended. Again, ho v oornos it tlint iu our own town a late C P.S.'s defalcations woro novor disoovorod, although oarriod on Systematically for ovortouortwolvo yours? and that after appropriating -contrary to the Audit Aot, whioh inukos his conduct folony — Govorn mont monoys to his own uso, ho was nllowed, ns onoh sopnrato ouso turned up, to pay baok tho different sums of money he took out of tho Govornmont till ? . As oloar a case of com pounding felony on tl# mi't of tlio Thorn Govornmont us oould ho — as oloar ns the Bill of Rights. How oomos it, if our staff of Government accountants aro worth anything, tlint suoh frauds hnvo not bcoa unoartliod at the periodical examination of uccouuts of theso goutloinouP How lux must tho system bo whon for yoars thoro has boon no entry iu tho Petty Debts Court book, What has booomo of tho lurgo sums roooivod by tlio Into O.P.S., mid what must the morale of that Govornmont bo whioh disoour- ngod tho zeal of its subordiuutes iu bringing (...r,,..,. (lull., frnul, '- ' UI19 t>0- oomo ot l7,o greater part of tha offoots of tho intestate estates that oamo into tho hands of tho Court duriug twelve yours? Do the empty hoxos under the Court Houso represent thom? And bus this ovor boon ou- quired into hy Govornmont naoountants ? No a"d .wh/,?, , Booana 'ho Govornmont wore piud iu full from tho spoil of tho publio. Telegrams. — Tho Press telegraphic com bination has como to an end by effluxion of time, and now tho Argus goos gallantly on its own hook. No oxponso iB oonBiderod of con sequence by this wealthy proprietary, pro vided _ and oarly and exclusive intelli gence is gained. The publio will bo tho gain- ors tins time, as tho old arrangement did not work very satisfactorily. -Courier, Fashionable Melbourne. -Tho Molbourno correspondent of somo of tho oountry nnDOra wntos "Tulking of Cup drosses reminds mo vuui, vud ui iuo costumes wiiiou is literally to d!dZ6wi?l ? iP y'.,is 8nid t0 bo 'ichly stud- ded with jowols, and of suoh value that fXhimfi11"1 ,i '3, (who is woll-known of b '? koop u looked up in patronfsos." B ,natitatioa br husband Stormy Passage of tub Steamer Governor Blackall,— Tho Molbourno Daily Tclegraiik states that- tho steamship . Governor BInokall after a very tempestuous passago, arrived from Sydney about 12 o'clock on Mondav night Captain Nightingalo reports lmvine oxporifinood oxooediugly rough weather Trcmondotjs gales, aeoompanicd with lmil nnd rain, were met with after leaving Sydney Tho ram and .Hail fell so thick that o" several occasions It was lmnnuoil,l„ („ . . ,, . As a recognition of the able manner i,, which Cajitain Nightingalo brought bis vessel safolv to port, tho pussongors prosoutod that gentle mau with au address and a purse of sovereigns Tire Melbourne Mint. -Tho Arqul of Tuesday says:— "au announcement ' of tho retirement of .Colonel Ward from his position as doputy-mustor of tho Molbourno Mint was e'raraVn r( , WCCka ng0' and " farther- Btntod that successor would probablv bn Colonel Sorntchloy, who is at present iu the colouy ih oounootiou with tho defences, Wo loaru tlint a tologrum hns boou roooivod by the Olnof Seorotary from Loglaud stating tlint tho Imperial authorities havo not yot filled up tho vacancy, but thnt it is not probahlo that Colo red borntehlcy will reeoivo tho nppointmcut. oxauis AIISURDITIES IN THE LAST CENTURY, Ilofore Gareiok's time tho npdicnco oould nol only obtain admission buliind thcsooncs bv the siinpm payment of money gt tho stngo-door, but tlioy sat upon tho stago during the per- lormnnoa, spoko ns loud ns tho nators, conversed across thom to oaoh othor, and got up and walkoc. about as tlioir oonveiiioueo prompted thom. Whou tho villian of u play muttered, X am nloiic I " ono of tho (fops louugiucr ou tho stago would roquost a piuoli of snuff from a friend ; nud, nB Iachino roso from tho ohaBt in Imogenc ,v clinmbor, aawnrrn of ornvnttcd wido-skirted benu would sit and stand in his lmmodinto neighborhood. Othello smothered JJcsdciiiona iu tho prosonoo of somo twontv oritionl gontlomen ; und tho' ghost of Hamlet's liithor, after impnrting tho seorot of liis death to n small oroivd, thronded his way off nirerae the chairs, with npologios for incommoding affair's lck roformod tb>8 absurd stnte of Mudnmo Adolina Patti has just paid M. Esoudior, manager of tho Italiuh Thoatro at Paris, 100,000 franos as forfoit for tho breaoh of ougagomont. She has also telegraphed to M. Strakosoh, of Now York, to say that alio accoptod his proposal for, tho United Stutea, namely, 10,000 franos for oaoh performance ana a bonofit ; 'fifty-ouo performances guaran teed of more than half a million francs. 