cnl s hoill nd ero1r it niot for. to rpectonely of sonlc great ie est to come,;f 'wi i'siera"l the tlsi;nh . tilgged considenilie PIolitics i:reitlioiif lth;ey are hot of the " T:o-be-cootiisicld-in-u-ir ntellir- t' actedr, noid'the ietioii 'f thei C;oincil iii r?trisn?sthinm hilway 'Bill nyith all their oinsinlslnils, his sop l plied the needled 'tiiiislos 'T1i1 qsudiutils iire ni?o in full cl, aild i?noddei -hait' will le :'done b3; t]? Assemibl to' rindi;teI its?ottied "',i:ree. I do no think it requinres sist slirii to se. i ss the gmre' to: predict.whsit n nill be 'iloioi iitb'e Lon'ei Honoise on Tuesdndi ilext. 3 rs-piiceil ghost Iris iired miud fron' IhIales l;nt MI i.lerr v's "speec n a be sulmniarised thrisn - 'fMr hSli Cle'i : While this House does"not intlend to nIntlo oicd jot of. it? undoulstsd pritileges, itnhiastI fel, iild tlii MiiilstrJ: feels, tIat-it niewr of t1he irgtnt nieed of begininiligi the.nraihys5 wh ieli hrve been agreed to by ijoth Hoiues,' andl thie imporlaiee of silloehins tle monie, prouenred br loan, ,iiid heepinol sibosiin inticori, [t: is best to biring i iin i ni bill emlir.lin'fthesde lii~o, and tb plnte the tn-wo lisiited i-iilssi -sin aniotlherl ,idliiqlioniilhiih iso isill b'lit the question TIs-r ihea.r) Of course' therbeB lrin spinrits ib?sht,"a ' • the bhbitat of iny particuloai ghbost dens ilotsir?'ai?rirt Ise ins tfamplis?? liis eldgiesin with iny ialniltiftiti, iti i I bhare ai stonog Pisitis iio.he is3. not . for : th~e troth.' : : ,.; .t . . ? :"",. . ,m u Tliso tailsar B'ill ditlieiiltv is?indeed, 4i'serions one. If therem sn im insliaiite tall fo thel :co-n struction of thel Okleihcili iiie the llc oise odl?ld I iroroiue nd take the matter ip: net tsassioi.i lit is a unIatter of fIact, the Iloite' mnusitlid .b:e'floro roginin-, settle tlih rouate he sswliclt td:iit OlO .esigh wsitl 'lsteboisnrt, or irlosn-: hock' tthe odr'ina'oe of the Giplpsluiid liuic'for ?'ears Faoe tlhe iilitidt thelrefore, tlhcy uiiist, ihoweverrunsiillisig Bitptlc llouse is niot unwsilliiig sit all' oi the conitiir-, tlhe are eger to figlt tihe Council. !-Everiso 'in tie Asseiblyr, with few eeeiphtiono, ugre thilt' thc'con-' stitotionol questioun must be tfo ubght nt to tle'bittbir end, ind tbhat the Railmlr Biltlliad tlhe Mining'dnu' Private Prolperty Bill are thb beinninsof tli'eend. Let us hope so. ., . :. \- Socilly, the topics i?lut now'are the approancehii " marriage of the nidted "bo-rirl", aid tlie.st-ele' of: hlidies' dresses;-'lhe bobr-girl, after attmetifi, atteu- : tion for years, is ati:last likely3 to nchlor safel3y in the ' ihtrbour of m:strinion;, rudswe nwill be well iridl-'df' ihbr. Some persoils a?ppeni to- harDe a craze foi noiiot riety ait uany ost, and -this lidv belonged-to tlhta class. Tlits reminds one of n'goo ld ol Yatnkeestor-:': A youth: in is smill tbwn endeavourse to get'ltis,' nissse into l print, alnd witli this viesi Ilooded thdi local newslmper withl reais of stories'liposms, - idl:-' sketchles, all of -lhicelh went into the wistesl' ppet , bssket. i;Preentl lie clslcld uipon the editdr, and" asked what he could do to achlieve his object; for it appeared as :if his litsersy cositributions: wold nevdrmr be acceptedl. -"Oh 5!"replied the editor, '"iotlfingti is easier than to gest your uiime into lprint. Co ominit a burglary, lisekn ci sman down, cut your thr-t, or:- get ianrrieid.'- " Well," said the 'oung fellows' :' comnitting a burSlary nisns :a! spell in ghbol; i khocksg a man don- will deomanid a permnndnt; seclusion, cutting my thinoat wousld be poiifful, nrid lI eould'nt see my in:ne in lprint; blit. onarriase is'just the thinig, fore it's plealsant; sd 'll see is nnnte iti theiltper'the lday after the:ieddiling; isnd I esiess uit ctalkilate it ouglht to flourish roundi l aonisn tenss months after." Andl he wentmid got'miairried, anit,' hIis nnue did appeor.tssieste within thle vearo to his : co mn p lete saltisfitetion. , . ' , i , ,. l 'ulicSl-,s are not usuamlls- oioter - brilliant, but-s a". iery well-known bonifaice iid s ith iiers good" tllin,,' recentlv. - Three gentlenisen:anme into hIis Ir ho lde : called for a drink.:I Thie hndlonrd handel them: a! bottle.. of tlthe best. behde, ausd thle fell to toalking,. suid. drisnking,and between them' finisshed'th-Idsone-ei tsits- :After a ihilo dne of the gentlemls haIride:? eighteenpenece to thie lIndlord. " Ohs! ou'vermndo't' a?isitake," anoid the Intter: ."- ot'at otll,':-r s thlo, replh'; "theire aire tllree bf ns." - .."Yes·,"eplieds i thue mlnd, but the chaisge is o6slv a shilling. I only, eusrge half price to wslole.ale cutmers." :t :,se SAsi to the liies' dress busines,' tlire is a gootl: dlaL of; unfavourable cosmentu. i-:fhe 'style nows' asppelars to be intendedito show the contour of tlihe fors as iclosely as lissible, nsd certainlyl-hi anyi nmlodest womasnu cln dtress in tlhat fashion is puzzling: i 'tA dress mightitbe vonl -wlhicsh wouldgive 'suint ofl thle propoitilois, but not one nwhich nould leive :ndo detil :to.b1 imnsgtned. A \\\uig sid, t .s other:day,; ins.he natchsed ua few of ourtbellin?hddlisg, downas theiblock, ihat Bunrke's xamanrk about therembeing., osih olle step between the, sublimue and the ridi-,, eldous imght aell bIe puFnlm m dsedin their ca.ose, for, it was only a.step, betsween the.:,present style of., ladies' dlresses asid the nude. . * , Aghod"tlsiiigii:tlie hisfntile wny is oog the ronsi : A chiersub of foiir,eo s-iys his prayers , every nighlt rnIder his nother's supereision, walkee d oist ~,ith hler oilMondi 3 yild'saw isi f~o: sljioijsno.., tor donkeys e'hichi winksd thebireyeon eintmh?,? th these teis.ts Greist ist s is chestre toi esose theist sth is.i lssiotbhserdsdbisrooeh?forlss;in; bsst lsinisot;''/ . sitisffed.'s' hlseit Isisiimt' ast Ilissinotti e o feetthot t'h't lii, ehb.ped Iiss sttle lioiils, atsd to his s p 'reit a ,stiinslusni;in , : itttite l theb foli-s i iig p s.r - 0'-: mtle.Local Couiscils I rs aosidodlwe hne my 0l0e I tho e ry s ?'l lsee pI persaid s t t'nyagu o In adt non nlII0[to erb m" self as!nisdrcrtentt3 espt'sses norpruse tliil. hehsbt' Ui? t yet ipobleis in fh htisiconsetinuft's indilt, e-e' i, mill criiisio os belet ose ret i 'sst tlt I hinhe sril "Csisei l I . n-snistss si o , nuid cn~ . i isiens tliad' thv? penl said .'Ii o is'ibi sud lid,.n to dbe po do,,in? I.. eisslfit .ne-se Tslon tb otlier sid iose ss litt es it no. as if I m~uch; belun can ridi men I. umizo'olis ntihs wimlbe.ttu do ti t illisoituJ enidetsilveris m itiin Iss lesG idyh sur"id t:a ' 'i?;r? i Asdlie u'istolsti nig. Ill hosn ht riei(o l its tist ofaess pehd s ' nli ld tai ties ientides tlslt s oun sshso eom tolil'islelIboorn e2lmnilnisc aot ,theih l u itisitos - noise leider i sbh n hist hst ildtfr fsse sith Caii · redi"tet hlt I tf?elbotilne Mr ilifiis ' ho...se ,lssssd stissotlceitisth to ,iek~, th d,. l t'5 vi iifi;??" T ' to nlrv~'U ce'lt '+d seith ""si se"gth:'t+ "es" tho0l ) tm 100 idltiiti aistb insihi-bhin htii'Bmt; mit":.m:? the s-seht soen p1 