The Bishop of Manchester on Evolution. The Bishop of Manchester recently delivered an ad dress to medical men and students, at All Saints' Church. In tbe course of bis remark* be warned his hearers, as a class peculiarly liable to such temptation, against being led away by tbe notion that there was no thing but matter ia the world. Same of the mate rialistic doctrines of the present day shook the founda tions not only of faith but of morality, and he feared that tliGy were very extensively prevalent amongst tbe medical profession. When their investigations, analy ses, dissections, and microscopic examinations, it was per haps not to be wondered at that they should entertain such views. The New Testament taught them that there was a dignity, almost a sacrednet s in the body. It to a mysterious thing. They knew not how it came about, or what might be its ultimate destiny. In all their dealings with tbe body let them remember that ib had been a temple of the Holy Ghost— that it was one of those portions of us for which Christ died. He was not eo much frightened by Professor Tyndall'a assertion at Belfast that he eaw in matter the potency of every form of [life. 'What did frighten him much more in tho interests of faith, and he must bIbo add— for the two were inseparable— the interests of morality, was that Professor Tjndall eeem«d to resuscitate the old Lncretiau dogma that nature— by which he supposed the Professor meant matter and force— could evolve all things out of herself without tbe help of the gods yet even this did not frighten him so much ae other dogmas published about the same tinie, and enlarged since, which loosened every fabric of persona responsibility, to asked them as men of science, if volition or will was merely the reflex action of a nerve. could there possibly be any personal responsibility, end and if there wns no such responsibility, conld there psesibly be any morality ? The theory of automatism eeefmed to him to baa much more formidable thing to deilwith, in tbe interests of morality and faith, than the quasi-materialistic theories of Professor Tyndall. There is, far instance, ths theory that ia tbe highest development of human nature a perfect unconsciousness of the ego could be attained. If thttwatso, if the ego wbb to disappear, responsibility and morality most also disappear. Or. again, the theory held by some that God himself was only in process of evolution, and had not yet attained perfection, out at the very roots of men it seemed tohim not only that the Christian faith, hut ordinary heathen mortality, as it was taught by Plato and Aristotle, must came absolutely to an end. He did notask them to do violence to their feeling. He did sot ask them to believe tbe literal historical accu ? racy of the first chapter of Genesis. No one believed, he supposed, that the days there spoken of were days of 24 hours; and he did not know whether any cue believed tbe literal accuracy of tbe third chapter ; but there were underlying them all certain principles which determined the progress of the human race, end that was what he asked them to believe. He asked them to have faith in their own destiny, in their work, in their capacities, snd above all in their responsibilities. If men would only recognise all these things, numbers would be rescued from the low, sordid, and almost bestial lives that too many were content to live. 