GENERAL NEWS. i ■. ■ Messrs. Morgan, Connor, and Clyde t&> ceived a telegram from London this (Wednes day) morning, stating that Adelaide wheat was quoted at 72s. per quarter of 496 lbs. The anuual meeting of the shareholders on the Adelaide Begister of the National Bank was held at the Banking Offices, King William street, on Wednesday, May 2. There were about a dozen gentlemen present. The report and balance-sheet were adopted. The Hon. W. Everard, M.L.C., and Mr. Hy. Scott, J.P., were re-elected Directors, and Mr. E. A. Wright was appointed a Director in place of the Hon. A. Blyth, who had resigned. Notices posted at the Telegraph Office on Tuesday, May 1, stated that " messages for Bussia or Boumania cannot be accepted via Turkey, the Porte route being closed," and that "Turkey announces that telegraphic corres pondence is suspended between Turkey and Bussia, on account of the declaration of war on the part of the last named state." The evangelistic service on Tuesday evening, May 1, at the Hindmarsh Congrega tional Church, was largely attended. Mr. W. Corrie Johnston spoke on " No difference," basing his remarks on Bomans iii, 22 and 23, and x, 12, and Acts xv, 8, 9. He sought to show that there is " no difference" as regards (1) sin, (2) salvation, (3) the gift of the Holy Ghost. The address was earnest and pointed, and made a deep impression. The following is "Wednesday morning's weather report on the Adelaide and Port Darwin telegraph line: — Beltana, fine; Strang way a Springs, fine, plcesant; Peake, fine; Charlotte Waters, clear,fine; Alice Springs, pleasant; Bar-, row Creek, clear, fine, pleasant; Tennant Creek, overcast, dull; Powell Creek, fine, cool; Daly Waters, clear fine, cold; Katherine, clear, cool; Pine Creek, clear, cool; Yam Creek, clear, fine, cool; Southport, clear, fine, cool; Port Darwin, clear, fine, cold. The Government are constantly meeting in Cabinet, and we hear that a number of measures are under consideration, with a view to their early introduction when Parliament meets. The Hon. T. Elder's horse Neckersgat has been scratched for all his engagements at the coming Moy meeting. It is stated that -wild-fowl are now very plentiful on the lagoons, waterholes, and rivers in the North. We are informed that the whole of the shares in the Port Adelaide and Lefevre's Peninsula Ferry Company have been taken up. We have received the May numbers of The Garden and the Field and the Australian Christian Pioneer. Our special reporter telegraphs from Balaklava that the country is looking splendid; that many of the crops are three inches above ground; and that sowing is going on vigorously. A meeting is to be held at Ford's Hotel, Port Adelaide, this evening, to consider the desirableness of forming a volunteer defence corps. " The excavation for the Bald Hill tank is proceeding as rapidly as possible, but we fear," writes the Moonta paper, " that it will scarcely be possible to finish it in time to be of any service this year. Mr. Samuel Higgs, the Manager of the Wallaroo Mines, has resigned his position, and Captain Hancock, the Moonta Mines Superintendent, has been appointed to take charge of the mines temporarily. A gentleman, who has just returned from the areas, informs the Northern Argus that grasshoppers have been very plentiful at Glad stone and neighborhood, and that the grass has been eaten off by them. Miss Rosa Hawker, teacher of the Bungaree public school, has been presented (the Clare paper says) with a very handsome work-box, the gift of the scholars, as a mark of esteem and recognition of her kindliness of manner and untiring efforts as their teacher. On Saturday, April 28, as Dr. McGowan and Mrs. McGowan were proceeding from Georgetown to Gladstone in a buggy, the horses suddenly became unmanageable, and bolted, capsizing the vehicle and severely injuring the occupants. The utmost expedition is being used to fit out the vessels destined for the quarantine station, and although they were at first ex pected to be ready by Wednesday, it has been found impossible to prepare them before the end of the week, when the transhipment will be effected. Mr. W. Corrie Johnston conducted an Evangelistic Service in the Hindmarsh Congre gational Church, on Monday evening, April SO. He delivered a stirring and impressive ad dress on the " Healing of the Paralytic," Mark ii, 3-12. There was a good attendance, and a growing interest in those services is felt in the neighborhood. Trade at Kadina is reported as very dull, owing partly to the comparative unproductive ness of the adjacent mine and the total failure of last harvest. The Moonta paper says:—"For some time past it has been expected that there - would be a favorable change in the former, and the discovery of a rich deposit recently, and late advices having reference to a change in the character of the operations, lead local trades men to look for an improvement ere long." The steamer Star of Hope made a trip down the river as far as the North Arm ana back on Tuesday with the Hon. T. Elder, who expressed himself pleased with the vessel's per formances. In the afternoon he steamer again went to the North Arm to adjust her compasses, and several ladies accepted Captain "Wilson's invitation to a cruise. The engines are now in thorough working order, and the little vessel answered her owner's expectations thoroughly. She proved herself remarkably handy in turn ing, making a complete circle at full speed. With reference to a paragraph which appeared in our issue of May 1, containing par ticulars of recent gold discoveries eastward of the Alma Mine, Mr. Lunan has called on us to state that the claim where the gold was found, although once called the Woman in White, is not now known as such, but as the Clackna cuddin. Mr. Lunan says that he has been out searching for gold for the past six years, and that he has never met with so fine a prospect before. The gold which has been extracted from the quartz, as well as quartz of the same character as that from which the gold was taken, are now on view at Messrs. Duncan & Fraser's. Five men named respectively Micliael Hogan, PatrickKessine, James Callinan, Charles Godfrey, and Edward Brisnaehan, were on Mon day, April 30, charged on the information of Mr. C. F. W. Pfitzner, before Mr. Varley. S.M., with having stolen bread, &c.;, from Mr. Pfitz ner's premises, near Eudunda, on the previous Saturday night. The Kapimda Herald, says:— " The evidence showed that the men, who were regular customers of Pfitzner's, who sells bread and meat, went to the place in Pfitner's absence, and when the man in charge refused to let them have the stores on credit, attempted to help themselves, and a row ensued. His Wor ship, as the evidence did not sustain the charge of larceny, dismissed the information." The Yorke's Peninsula Advertiser of May I states that Mr, "William Wearue reported to the police on Monday morning inat Mr. S. Soby, of Agery, had left his home on Sunday morning, at about 11 o'clock, to go mushrooming, and as he had not returned up to 9 o'clock a.m. yesterday, it was feared he had lost himself in the scrub. Sergeant O'Callaghan at once sent P. T. Elshoz in search, Captain Hancock also kindly dispatching two men on horseback to assist. The party had got about half-way be tween Agery and Kalkabury, when they met Mr. H. Jones, of the latter place, bringing Soby back to his house. He had wandered about the bush until dark, and not being able to discover where he was, he camped in the scrub all night. Next morning Mr. Jones discovered him coming towards the Post-Office at Kalkabury, and, ou learning that he had lost his way, brought him home. "Writing -with reference to the telegrams describing the movements of the Russians on the Asiatic frontier of Turkey, a gentleman who is well acquainted with the country, as the result of lengthened residence in it, says:— "The Russians who attacked Batoum, which place they hanker after on account of good anchorage, must have crossed over from Mon grelin through the Gouriel Mountains. There are some good earthworks at Batoum facing seawards. Near Batoum is a colony of Cir cassians, and a lawless cut-throat lot they are. Poti is a swamp, and is the terminus of the Poti and Tiflis Railway. Only vessels drawing a few feet of water can cross the bar, but it is perfectly unprotected, and can easily be shelled from the sea. To the north of Poti and con nected with the railway is a long pier. This railway is on the north side of Poti, and is now connected with the town by a fine bridge on screw piles, with swing centre to allow the steamers trading on the Rion between Poti and Orpiri to pass." A public meeting was held at Port Ade laide on Tuesday evening to take steps to urge the Government to remove the immigrants by the British Enterprise to a quarantine station on an island at some distance from the Port. Owing to the shortness of notice the attendance was small at the commence ment of the proceedings, and a motion for an adjournment was made. The numbers, however, increased later in the evening, and the proposal for adjournment was with drawn. Several persons spoke against the idea of removing the quarantined people into other ships, as it was contended that the vessels would retain the disease if any existed amongst the immigrants. Torrens Island was also ob jected to as being too near the main land. It was ultimately resolved that the Government be urged to take immediate steps to form a permanent quarantine station on some island other than Torrens Island, and that the Mayor be requested to convey the resolution to the Government, and to communicate their reply to the ratepayers. The third of a series of four entertain ments, in aid of St. Bartholomew's Sunday school Building Fund, was held at the Town Hall, Norwood, on Tuesday evening, May 1. There was a good attendance, and Dr. Benson, who occupied the chair, explained that it was intended to erect a building in which to hold the Sunday-school in connection with the Church. A piece of land adjacent to the church had been purchased for a very reasonable sum, considering the price of land at present, and it was proposed to hold a bazaar in aid of the same object. The ladies were working hard to make the bazaar a success. It was highly necessary that they should have a building in which the Sunday-school could meet, and his idea was that it detracted from the sacredness of a church to hold a school within its walls. Mr. A. B. Moncrieff then delivered an exceedingly inte resting lecture, entitled "In George the Second's Time." He first gave an historical sketch of the reign of this monarch; briefly touched on the lives of some of those men who were looked upon as the leaders of the nation both in peace and war; and dwelt upon the ad vancement made in engineering, art, philosophy, religion, and literature, fib. Moncrieff had studied his subject thoroughly, and the lecture, which might have been in the hands of some persons a string of dry historical facts, was bristling with amusing anecdotes, which fre quently awakened the risible faculties of the audience. At its close the lecturer was loudly applauded and heartily thanked. Between the first and second parts of the lecture selections of music were sung in an excellent manner by the Misses Vandepeer and Mr. H. G. Nash. Messrs. Ghiloni & Co.'s waxworks was well attended throughout Tuesday, May 1, and the visitors appeared to be much pleased with the exhibition. 