BIBLE CHRISTIAN CONFERENCE. SECOND DAY : THURSDAY, MAECH 1. Very deep and general regret was expressed at the absence of the Rev. J. Hancock tlii-oagh illness, and the following resolution of sympathy was passed—"That we deeply regret to find that through personal affliction the place of our dear Brother Hancock is vacant at this Conference. We record our brotherly sympathy .with him in Ins severe illness, a,nd we pray that he may be graciously sustained" under the great trial through which God has called him to pass, and if it be the Divine will we sincerely hope he may be speedily restored to the ministry"he has so greatly honoured and served with, such fidelity. We also add our expression of sympathy with Mis. Hancock and family, and for their sakes we pray that the cloud that has settled around their home may be speedily dispersed." The Eev. J. It owe, from the Victorian District, was introduced to the meeting, and A most hearty reception accorded him. He read letter of friendly greeting from the Victorian District Meetipg to the Conference, and also presented a copy of the minutes of the Victorian District Meeting. The Eev. J. Orchard, of Ballarat, also a visitor from the sister colony, was introduced, and heartily welcomed. The following resolution was adopted by the meeting:—"That" the thanks of the Conference are due and are hereby presented to the Rev. Thomas Hillman for his- able and suitable sermon to the Conference, and that he be requested to allow it to be published in the magazine." A considerable amount of time was spent in cousideiing the constitution of the Conference, as adopted by the English Conference, it having been altered in some important particulars from that adopted by the District Meeting of 1877. Several alterations were approved by the meeting, and the English Conf erenee was asked to confirm them. The PHESEDENT informed the meeting that he had received communications from several representatives of other Churches, iuti mating their desire to ccnvey then- friendly greetings to the Bible Christian Conference. It was resolved that they be received on Monday morning at 11 o'clock. The Eev. J. BOWE having expressed a desire to be transferred from the Victorian District to this Conference, a resolution was passed that he be cordially received on the conditions laid down by the English Conference. The Eev. J. A. Burns having completed his four years' probation came up for Ms final examination, and the following resolution was mvst unanimously passed:—"That having heard the certificate read from the Riverton Quarterly Meeting, the resolution of the Kooringa District Meeting, and the report of the College Committee, and having witnessed his commendable bearing during the years of his probation, we have the greatest pleasure in receiving Brother J. A. Burns into full connection; and we trust he will realize the promise of the past by showing himself a workman that needeth not to be ashamed—a good minister of Jesus Christ." In the evening a deeply interesting service was held in connection with the ordination of the Eev. J. A. Burns.. The attendance was larger than usual. The meeting was opened by the President giving out the first hymn and the Rev. J. Eock engaging iu prayer. The President then stated the object of the meeting, and called upon Mr. Burns to speak to the three following points:—His conversion to God, his Christian experience, and his call to the work of the ministry. On rising to speak Mr. BURNS said that he felt that to be the most solemn moment of his life—the time of his public recognition as an accredited minister of the Gospel. When about six years of age he was brought to God in the great revival at the Burra. He had abundant reason to bless God for the instructions of agodly mother. He could distinctly remember deep impressions received under the preaching of the Gcspel and while attending tile Sunday-school. Ai.d in a conscious enjoyment of the Divine favour he could rejoice in the fact that through Bible Christian influence he had been led to CLrist. He had no doubt that he had been moved by the Holy Ghost to take upon himself the ministry of the Word, and in unfaltering coi.fidence in God, and uuceasiug love to the Church of his choice, he hoped to live and die a Bible Christian minister. The Eev. T. HILUIAN, in a brief speech, moved the reception of Mr. Bums. He did this on the ground that he fully and firmly believed the statements made by Mr. Burns; and having the fullest confidence in his piety and abilities, he could therefore, with the utmost pleasure, move his reception into full connection. The Eev. J. THEWIN seconded the resolution. He had bc-en thinking of the marvellous workings of Providence in raising up young men for the work of the ministry. It was a time for rejoicing. There was often more difficulty experienced in obtaining efficient ministers than in the supply of men for the secular engagements of life. He most cheerfully and heartily seconded the resolution. The Eev. J. WAY then offered the ordination prayer. After singing, the PRESIDENT proceeded to deliver the charge. He said—Tile relations which exist between myself and you are such as never existed before and can never exist again. He congratulated Mr. Burns on his position. For four years as a probationer he had been labouring among the Churches, and they had generally approved of his conduct, and hence his present position. He had now .left secular work, and his life was henceforth to be totally devoted to the sacred work of a minister of Jesus Christ. He was not a priest—the priesthood was a thing of the past. He was a man among men, and his work was to lead men to Christ. The minister must be pre-eminently a spiritual teacher. We have no ritual, and therefore have the more need of the highest spiritual teaching. Various church matters would claim his attention, but the highest object of his life shoidd be to preach Christ and save souls. In the prosecution of this work there were three sources of knowledge—the Bible, the Universe, and Human Nature. The Bible must be studied and its hidden spiritual meaning elicited. This is the minister's book. The Universe—Nature must be studied ; creation and inspiration beautifully harmonized. Nature was a great fountain of information. Human Nature must be studied, and the ministers work was to lift up, to ennoble, and bless humanity. To meet the various wants of congregations intellect and heart alike must be cultivated. A pure heart and vigorous piety linked to a holy and blameless life would be productive of the highest and best results. The Rev. J. Trewin offered prayer, and the meeting c?cs:d. SH ; I 