MY PORTFOLIO. THE BALLAD OF THE PROUD STEP- MOTHER. A FRAGMENT FROM AN OLD MS. There stood on the Northern Terrace A castle well bedight, •Where lived in peace and harmony Two noble sisters bright. The elder was fair Concilia; Sir Milne was her bold hench-manne ; And of young Loquacia's serving-men Sir Kingston led the van. But hench-man and serving-man, all were ruled By a stern and stately dame; She was those sisters' stepmother, Dame Ayers was her name. Dame Ayers she sat in her dim chambere Her broidery to begin, When the Lady Loquacia's little footpage Johnnie Colton came running in. "What news 'i what news, Johnnie Coltoa r Say what may thy tidings be ? Oh tell me truly, thou little footpage. How does thy fair Ladye.— My lady she is all woe-begone, And soon in her grave will be, Unless thou build her a goodly bower Where she may sing so free.— Now where can I build her a goodly bower, Where she to sing may go ?— Out there in the castle garden Is ample room I trow.— Now nay, now nay, thou little footpage. Thy lady is self-willed, For. but with my daughter Concilia's leave That bower I may not build.— Outspake that saucy little footpage,— Thy daughter is poor and old, And no one cares for her stately airs When matched 'gainst my lady's gold. My lady she bids thee build her bower, She needs must have her way; What can cross-grained Concilia do An she would say thee nay ?— Now hie thee back, thou little footpage. And greet thy lady from me, And tell her that I, her stepmother, To her most kind will be. Now hie thee back, thou little footpage. And let thy lady know That workmen skilled her bower shall buil.l. Betide me weal or woe.— The Lady Concilia she sat in her bower Her broidery to begin, When she was 'ware through the evening air Of a dire unearthly din. lady looked from her bower windowe To see what this might be, And she saw her garden rooted up And many a goodly tree. Tbe lady looked from her bower windowe To see what might befall, And threescore men with mallet and ston? Were building up a wall. Then straight she went to her stepmother And said—What may this mean, That threescore men with mallet and stone Have spoilt my garden green ?— Oh, daughter dear, this needs must be, Thy sister will have it so, That I shall build her a goodly bower Where she to sing may go.— Now nay, Dame Ayers, the lady said; At thy words I needs must grieve, For well I wot this may not be Unless thou gettest my leave. The garden is mine, and the castle is mine, As well as my sister's, quoth she ; Thou art sworn to do naught at her bidding Ere thou gettest leave of me.— Dame Ayers looked up; Dame Ayers looked down; Quoth she—There is no need; Thy sister's will should be law to thee When she for a bower doth plead.— Now nay, now nay, Dame Ayers ; Thy words to my heart do go ; Thou art spoiling me of my birthright "When thou dost serve me so.— Dame Ayers looked up; Dame Ayers looked down; A proud woman was she; My merrymen bold the bower shall build; They shall not stop for thee. I care not for thee and thy birthright; As I said it shall be done; When once she has put her hand to the work, Dame Ayers gives way to none.— Now fie on thee, Dame Ayers; Thy words they give me sorrow ; I will not stay in thy chamber to-diy, Nor will I come to-morrow. I will not list to thy glosing words, I will not see thy face; I will not sit at thy board, Dame Ayers. Until thou dost me grace.— Dame Ayers she sat in her dim chambere, A proud woman was she; I will do no grace to my stepdaughte- Till she hath done grace to me. Come hither, come hither, then little footpace; Johnnie Colton, come here awhile Then he whispered clear in that page's ear, And smiled a grieslie smile. Johnnie Colton he tripped, Johnnie Colton he lac, He neither stint nor stayed Until he came to his lady's bower, Then unto her he prayed:— A boon, a boon, fair lady, he cried; Now grant a boon to me, If ever your little Johnnie Hath served yon faithful] ie. Dame Ayers I left all woe-begone; She is in mortal case, For the Lady Concilia liath spurned her forth.. And will not see her face. Now send;to the Lady Concilia Sir Kingston your bold hench-manne To say ah she braves your bidding She needs must bear your ban.— How now! How now, thou saucy footpage Full long have I borne with thee, But to flout my loving sister Thou shalt not_ask of me. Had but my proud stepmother Sought leave to build my bower No need would be of ban from me To brave my sister's power. I will not flout my sister To turn her love- to gall; Dame Ayers hath wrought this mischief^ Her pride shall have a fall.— Sorely shent was the little foctpage, All chop-fallen was he, As he told, his tale to Dame Ayers, And wept right dolefullie. Cheer up, cheer up, Johnnie Colton, And dry thy tears so salt, I will humble my proud stepdaughter- Or ere I own my fault.. . Thou knowest thy lady Loquacia ; Her will turns with a feather ; She never knoweth her own mind For three days together. Well bide our time, Johnnie Colton She'll turn on her sister ere leng; Concilia shall down to the dust, And we shall be proud and strong.. I will tame that haughty Concilia; She shall bend to my will so bold, And yield to my slightest bidding As she was wont of old. And evermore in the future As I say it shall be done; When once she puts her hand to the works Dame Ayers gives way to none. * * * * • * Cteiera desuni.. THKATEE ROYAL.—The repetition of " Hamlet' at the Theatre Royal on Monday evening, August 6, drew a large audience, which, judging from the continuous applause, thoroughly appreciated Mr. Dampier's delineation of the Prince of Denmark. At the close of every act Mr. Dampier was called before the curtain, and the ladies and gentlemen supporting him also received many hearty tokens of approbation. Miss Young's Ophelia was a very meritorious performance throughout. In the mad scene—; the most critical test of an actress's ability—she was exceedingly natural, and avoided any, appearance of self- consciousness—the stumbling- • block over which many trip who attempt the part. Her madness displayed an abandon which was thoroughly effective, and her voice had a ring of genuine pathos. She received a hearty round of applause and a recall at the end of the act. Iilr. West appeared as the King—a part which he has often played beforehand in which he is always efficient. His rendering of the agonizing soliloquy—" Oh, my offence is rank," was very earnestly and forcibly delivered, without any approach to raiit. Mr. Joyce presented the pedantic old courtier Polonius very creditably, as indeed he does every character entrusted to him; but we could not help feeliDg sorry that Mr. Welsh—who gave such an excellent portrayal of the part when supporting Mr. Fairclough—sliould have been relegated to the unsatisfactory roles of Marcellus and the First Actor. Mr. Brown a? Horatio and Mr. Douglas as Laertes were respectable, but both a trifle stiff. Mr. Rainford rendered the really difiicult role of the Ghost iu an impressive manner, and Mr. South would have made a success of the First Gravedigger— and with all faults was certainly very humorous — but he hardly knew a word of his part. Miss Melville did her ppt best, but was too heavily weighted with the role of the Queen, and gave a very subdued rendering. The other dramatis persona were representedby Messrs. Elliott,Carey,andHasker. and Misses Oliver and Mainwaring, who were all well grounded in the text and business. This evening Mr. Dampier will appear in what is said to be one of his best impersonations, ' Belphegor the Mountebank," and his clever little daughter Lily will enact the role of Henri, his son, which she has made such a remarkable success in the other colonies. LABBIKINISM AT FOOTBALL.—'We have received two or three letters in reference to the display of larrikinism at Port Adelaide on the occasion of the football match between the local team and the South Adelaides which took place oi Saturday last. One correspondent, who describes the match as the roughest that has beei played this season, states that the visitors were treated veiy well before and during the game., but that afterwards a disgraceful exhibition took place, one or two hundred persons having begun hooting, howling, and throwing stones at the South Adelaide team while they were driving away in their own trap. Another correspondent, Edward John Locke, of Port Adelaide, throws the blame of the occurrence oj: the visitors, who, it is alleged, acted in a very unfair manner during the play., and afterwards mustered and caused such ait uproar that the horses attached to a vehicle in which some of the Ports had taken their seats became almost unmanageable. This correspondent also complains of the umpire, who acted for the South Adelaides as being anything but impartial. It is pretty clear from the evidence thus supplied that there were faults on botl: sides, but who was most to blame it is difficult to decide. The disturbance was manifestly a very disgraceful one, and for the credit's sake of football it is to be hoped nothing of the kind will occur again. If the sport is to degenerate into an attempt on the part of the respective teams to out-larrikin each other the sooner it is - wiped from the category of respectable pastimes the bettor. CITY PEBMANEXT BUILDING SOCIETY.—The twenty-second half-yearly balance-sheet of this Society shows total receipts amounting to - £16,391, of which £2,313 has been carried to the credit of profit and loss. The Directors report; —"The share account shows the number of shares matured, withdrawn, and redeemed for the half-year to be 173^, whilst 294J new shares have been issued, giving a i<et increase of 121J. which is very satisfactory. From the formation of the Society to date 4,834 have been issued,, the number at present existing being 1,754J, the total receipt being £196,765 13s. 9<L, of which £107 859 12s. has been invested, producing a profit of £31,220 Is. 6d., and of this £24,438 3s.. 7d. has been paid out and allowed to shareholders, less current expenses, £6,78117s. lid., leaving a balance of £6,43112s. lOd. to credit of present shareholders. The assets of the Society are £34,106 Ss. 5cL, the liabilities to the shareholders being £30,100 9s. 3>i., the balance beiru: due to the Bank and depositors." LECTUBE BY THE REV. J. "WATSFOKD.—The Rev, J.- Watsford, of Victoria, lectured in Piriestreet Wesleyan Church on Monday evening^ August 6, in aid of the building of the new wing of Prince Alfred College. There was a large audience, and the lecture, of which the subject was " The Sabbath and Working Man," was most attentively listened to throughout. The moral to which the rev. lecturer pointed was the conservation of the Sunday as it at present exists inviolate from all work, and the closing •f public-houses and places of entertainment of eveiy description. 