TIIE GHOST OF A PUGILIST.' ' ' ; ? Air A morican paper j nst received; says — ? The ghost of-! the once famous pugilist,- J. : C. lleenan, was .materialised 111 Rochester, Now lYork, a few cvening since. Rochester is famous as the place where the Lox sisters startled the world with ghostly sounds. - The ?echoes: of the raps heard in a mysterious cellar in the city of Rochester nearly 30 years; ago have ?.?been1 echoing round the world over since that timo,, and are still:: marching on; , Of course ghostly visitors in Rochester are more demonstrative than they are :in,almost:any other place. ; The ra])s are louder, morci. demonstrative ; and, as the head-quartors of the great army- of spirits is located there,-: the materialisation must of course, be: vvclli- djveloped. ... . ..When I-Ieenan. appeared, therefore, 'on the night ..in: question1 he ? was am uscu lai:, and frisky ghost. ' - His: form was 'stalwart as it was in 1 i fei : ; He stood erect; ;wi th. his: head th ro wn si iglitly .-???'?back wn rd^and behest- . ox panded. 1 Ilis arms appcaroil'liirgq and his muscles j ; stood out like :\yhipco'rds.;;. There was a j bright light in the,;gho'stly. ey.e,.and; a-s. he I : hounded 011 tho platform, - his step - was as;i firm and as agile as that of a panther. Everything in 'tlie appearance and uijikc-up'i of the materialised spirit of'H^onari gave; 1 proof of. good training in the spirit world.; i He has, of course, . somo of the best, trainers there, and they took special delightin.send ing the champion upon earth in- a proper condilion. . Such duffers as Tom Crib, Tom Sayens, Boridigo, Bill Pool, and 'i-om Tlyor would not under any circumstances allow the. XJenieia Boy to apjiear before a. Roclies \or-niidieuco unworthy of his earthly fame and training. They could read M/iy the best man win' all over the materialised i'urin. 11' I, hi; astonishinent of the audionco was great v.'lion lioonan boundcd.uiipn tho: jilatlonu and exhibited his manly form; the wonderment was still greater -AWlion ho (,'s.iiiyed to speak. The voice, of a ghost I fa.-, a peculiar effect upon human -nerves; ' So sv'imu Uireimivs spirit -)pened its- mouth 1 :i thrill of intake anxiety rail tlu^onghi.the* t 'f ^ * *- - . ' - ?? %? audiencc. ' Ef there's anybody as doesn't belicvo,' 'said Mr; ? I-Iccnan with great impressiveness, casually balancing himself i in . front .of a partition,' and striking it a terrible blow, ' let 'him stand up. Ef there 1 ???is.;iinyono inclined to question - this perfor mance, let him come. forrard. I'm waiting I for'bini.. I want to corMnce hiin. I want some one to grab mc. Oh, I should like to have somebody grab mci ! /Just make the least motion to grab; me!' and Mr Hecnan extended his . hand, slightly . bending tho knuckles of the ??inflexible fingers ; of the same, and pawed the air with anxiety. A ?deep silence settled down 011 thoso present. I and nobody seemed to want a further test. I In a fe'.^i minutes the -ghost of Heenan vanished, and a sigh of relief passed through tho crowd, which^sccined like tlio rustling of leaves in the moonlight of an | autumn evening.' , ; . - ? I 