VICTORIA. [From our own Correspondent J Melfeourue, December 4. The past week—the period when the great crisis was to culminate—was full of sensations ! and surprises. The Legislative Council led off ■ by pluckily and resolutely throwing out the | Forts and Armaments Bill rather than allow | themselves to be insulted in the preamble, j They could hadly have done less, and now that Russia will be crippled for the next 20 years or so it is perhaps just as well that the colony will not yet be committed to sinking money on un necessary defences. Probably even Mr. Berry is not too sorry at being saved a heavy item on the : already too-swollen annual account. The next day the Council coolly threw out the grand liberal proposal for an International Exhibi tion. The Government representative was dumbfoundered, and in piteous tones asked "Didthey really mean it?" The chief spokes man replied that they really did, and for the reason that nobody wauts the Exhibition and that it would be a foolish waste of money to carry out the whim. There are many even of those who sympathize with the Council just now, who think they would have done more wisely to have let the Bill pass. The protec tionists no doubt want what would be a per manent big showroom for their goods, and the hotelkeepcrs and tradesmen would be glad of the harvest that an influx of visitors would bring, so that Mr. Berry wonld have no difficulty in rousing his party over the question. He could indeed use it as a handle against the . Council better than the payment of mem bers question. The Upper House have there fore to this extent played into his 'hands, and would at least have done better to < have mildly postponed the matter till after the privilege battle has been fought. What made the step all the more galling was the fact that at the same time as they were rudely throwing out the Bill Mr. Berry was giving notice in the Assembly of a motion to ask Her Most Gracious Majesty to permit tbe Prince of Wales to come out and do the opening—not to say anything about the " Sir Graham" that loomed as part of the programme. Mr. Berry was again himself on the floor of the Assembly. He remembered the old days when he was a hero at the torch light processions and the "revolution" harangues at Paddy's Market. He grew so excited at one point that an ex-Chief Secretary ejaculated, "Icall attention to the language and manner of the Chief Secretary. His action was that of a lunatic." The offending member I was of course called to order, and Mr. Berry's outbursts were cheered to the echo by his fol lowers. There is hardly one amongst them who has yet shown any ability to make even short speeches, so that the Premier has to be the mouthpiece for all. He can rejoice in the fact of having always an exuberantly appreciative audience. The payment of members question came first, and Mr. Berry did what was expected—moved that the sum be put on the Estimates. He let it be known that the payment is the life and blood of the Liberal party— the question of all other questions that must be settled in their favonr. " "Without payment of members the stonewall would not have been possible. So long as the iron hand was dominant in the Assembly payment of members was all right; but the moment the country spoke out on the 11th of May, and sent the old majority, most of them out of the House altogether and the others to tbe left of the Speaker, then payment of members became wrong. The Assembly was to he pur.ihj,. .1 for having laid its sacrilegious haiiels upon the estates of the large landed pro prietors. It was said that the Council would reject the Appropriation Bill. They would not dare. He repeated they would not dare, because they would sound their death- knell. The Council would be a name in history, but it would not be known in the Constitution of Victoria."' This piling-on of the agony was greeted by loud cheers from the Ministerial benches, and cries of " Fire and guns," " Most excellent fooling," from the Opposition side. Mr. Berry went on till he finished up by solemnly warning any member who would abet the Council that he would be a traitor and a re volutionist, and upon his head would he the consequences, however dire. An Opposition member said that after such language the veriest slaves would rise in revolt. The division showed 47 members for payment in the form proposed and 30 against. On the next evening the House was again worked up to a red-hot pitch. Mr. Berry declined to say what he thought of the Council's action as to the Exhibition. He could not believe that they would persist iu their rejec tion of the Bill. If they did, then he would say what next. The decision of the Elections Committee over the Barwou election gave great dissatisfaction. It left open the matter of who was to get the seat. The member unseated (Mr. Levien) sat in opposition, and if there were a fresh election would get in again. Mr. Berry then moved that the Elections Committee be requested to consider the matter again, the meaning being that as Mr. Levien had been convicted of bribery the petitioner, a loyal Liberal, should get the seat. After an acrimonious debate this was agreed to, and the Committee to-day met and decided to follow the direction of the House and give the seat to Mr. Ince. It is significant that as the session goes on the unnatural alliance between Mr. Service and Mr. Berry grows weaker and weaker. Every day it is ex pected that Mr. Berry will call on the former to leave the corner and sit right in opposition. Mr. Berry accused Mr. Service of partisanship on the Elections Committee, and Mr. Service retorted "Unless the Chief Secretary is com pelled to withdraw what he said, I shall make use of a short word which is very dis orderly." The tone of the debate may be judged by tbe Chief Secretary's concluding remark—" Let me put this case. "When a poor man has stood against a rich man and been de feated by bribery, and he comes before this House with a petition, and after he has been kept waiting for five months he proves at the cost probably of all that he is worth to the House and the country that he was defeated by corrupt practices—(' No, no,' and cheers)—does the hon. and learned member.say that it is justice to tell this poor man to go back and fight the battle over again with this corrupt briber?" The next day brought surprise. Mr. Kerferd made an admirable speech on the motion being reported to the whole House, in which he calmly pictured the situation for the benefit of the majority. He put it that the Council must throw out the Appropriation- Bill-cum-payment vote; that the Governor would then say he must have sup plies; and that a dissolution or change of Ministry must he the result. He also hinged that the Council would pass the payment if sent up in the form of a Bill. The surprise was thatMr.Beriy instantly jumped at the idei "If he could think the honourable member was authorized to make the state ment that the Council would pass Bill—if there was even a reasonable assurance —he would consent, and so would the hon. member behind him. If he (Mr. Berry) had • dared the Council' it was quite unintentional. He did not use the word ' dare' in an offensive sense, hut as if he said to the man he dare not commit a murder with the gallows staring him in the face." There had been a caucus held in the meantime at which several supporters said they ought to try a Bill first; hence this un loosed for mildness. The result of all is that the roaring of last week has turned to sweet cooing for this week's proceedings. The programme now is—a Bill for the payment of members is to be sent up, the Council to pass it; then they will reinstate and pass the Exhibition Bill and the Forts Bill, and the railway difficulties will be amicably arranged by a conference to be proposed by the Council. I think this much will come off—as I have said all along—the Council will accept the pay for themselves and the Assembly. There will therefore be no awful " deadlock," and some sort of compromise will be made for the lesser items. The next few days, however, will finally settle to which alternative tbe country is to he treated. [The Council have since rejected tbe Payment of Members Bill. -En.] The situation is being watched with interest by all classes, and two or three mild manifesta tions have taken place to strengten the hands of the Council. A few petitions against the payment system have been sent in from country districts, and a meeting in Melbourne, hastily called together, passed resolutions in the same direction. An excited stonewaller hailing from Ballarat has gone further. He has gone in for the sensation of taking oat writs against nearly all the members of the Council, claiming penalties for their alleged illegal sitting and voting. The allegation is that they have irregularly set out their qualifications in the sworn declarations they are required to make to Parliament in not giving " all particulars from the rate- book or rate-books" ,as the law requires. Only two members, it is said, have fully complied with { the Act. Mr. Higinbotham and Sir Bryan j OBoghlen have been retained for the plaintiff, •who claimB fines amounting to the modest stunt of £252,000—that is £200 for every day's sitting. " Don't you wish yon may get it" is the sentiment uppermost in the minds of the attacked honourable members. Socially there is nothing particular stirring. The Tanjore took our representative to the Paris Exhibition, the Hon. J. J. Casey. Satis faction was felt at the rapid passage made by the mail steamer just arrived. Mr. Varley is still here. He held a crowded meeting on. Thursday " for men only." The social evil muL subjects akin thereto were dealt with' in dis gustingly -'forcible language. At the City Council meeting yesterday the attention of the Mayor was called to this alleged misuse of the Hall. The nastiness of . the proceedings was aggravated by the lact of boys as well as men. being admitted to the meeting. The Age of' yesterday has an article on the necessity for fresh cable extension. It is down on the overland lice, and concludes that the best plan would be to adopt the Western Australian, land lines and connect with Ceylon or Manritus. The article gives a table of the in terruptions on the present lines and remarks:— " Up to the present date it will be seen that the cable has been silent during the past six months no less than seventy days, and communication has not been restored. Theoverland line has also been interrupted eighteen days during the same period. Yet this is the service that Messrs.. Michie and Vogel are desirous the various Colo nial Governments should acquire by purchase,, and for the sale of which the Eastern Telegraphic Extension Company are dispatching Colonel Glover, specially commissioned to conduct the negotiation. With such clear proof that the line is inadequate to the requirements of the Australasian Colonies, the Colonel's mission is hardly likely to prove successful." Bishop Moorhouse has summed up the theatre discussion. He has said that he does not believe in leaving the devil in undisturbed possession of these popular resorta, and. he offers to co-operate with any gentlemen who think with him "in the good work of purifying the highest of our amusements." He accordingly makes the following practical sug gestions:—"1. Let those Christian men who enjoy theatrical amusements encourage by their attendance any theatre where the manager pro daces goed pieces ana shows a desire to improve theatrical surroundings. 2. As there is still danger in the existing state of things, let parents insist that their children shall not attend theatres except in the company of trust worthy persons. 3. Let those who desire to improve theatrical representations confer with managers on this Bubject. 4. If, nevertheless,, there are managers who insist on maintaining evil surroundings and producing vicious pieces,, let all decent men be warned of the character of such theatres. Preach a crusade against them. Let it be. felt that a man. loses character by entering such places. And if still the mana ger persists and turns his theatre into a mere den of unclean beasts, public opinion would sogd insist on the deposition of such a manager or the closing of such a theatre." The Academy of Music has continued to be crammed nightly to hear Mr. Creswick—a result attributable in part to the interesting diseussion that is still going on in the columns of the daily and weekly newspapers. Melbourne, uecember 11. To-night brings us to the very summit of the political crisis. Mr. Berry yielded to the gentle pressure of his followers in caucus, and pro ceeded to get the payment of members business through the Assembly in the shape of a Bill. This was carried by 47 votes to 21 after two or three feeble efforts to alter the details—to exclude remuneration for the Council, to intro duce a system of payment per diem, to extend the term of the measure to the first session of next Parliament, 'i he Bill is now in the hands of the Council, and the one great absorbing question is still " What will they do with it r' On this hang all the law and the prophets.. Up to date opinions on the point are like the historical Mary," quite contrary." An oracle of the National iieform League at a meeting last night told his auuience in confidence that the division would show a majority of four against the Bill. The Aye is entirely in doubt, and concents itself with assuming an amusing air o£ unconcern as to the result. "It is a very insig nificant question after all," it assures the mem bers of the Council, "and whether they pass it. or no they will still be called to account and jumped upon over the graver questions that remain behind." The Aryus is most urgent, that the Council should pass the Bill. It thinks that they may be officially quite unaware of any insultingremarks in the Assembly orofauy threats of Mr. Berry's that he is keeping the required. sum on the estimates for the Apprikiation Bill in case of accident. The Argus further puts it that the Council may consider that no principle is involved in the Bill before them, as its opera tion is to expire with the present Parliament., it being distinctly understood that the voice of - the people upon it is to be asked at the next, general election, yea or nay. If the Bill be thrown out it will of course mean the ship wreck of the Appropriation Bill, with all attendant woes. "Better give in than risk all that," say the moderates, " particularly - if you cannot secure an overwhelming. majority of non-contents." The other party, including the few petitioners against the Bill, say " Stick to principle, and let the blood be upon the heads of the Berxyites,, who have insulted you and would trample you and the Constitution out of existence." The - members of the Council have no enviable posi- - tioh. The eyes of the people are upon them, the general feeling being That it would be impossible to exaggerate the gravity of the results that hang on to-night's deliberations. It will be well for the Bill to pass, if forgone < reason only—that the Assembly may get into the cool region of recede. The atmosphere here - has grown hotter and hotter, warming the anti pathies of several pairs of members up to fever heat. Over the resolution to agree to the report of the Elections Committee excluding Mr. Levien, some of the strongest language ever heard in the House was used. People outside are very much of the opinion o£-~ one honourable member inside who characterized, it as a " shameless piece of injustice." Another member said—" The historian when he came to it would describe it as a dark chapter in "Vic torian history, in which hon. members, lost to a sense of right, did not hesitate to outrage common sense and take away the inalienable: rights of a constituency." The thing must be . pretty bad when three (including Mr. Service) out of the seven members of the now notorious Committee have vowed that they will never sit again, the result being that the second petition against Dr. Macartney is hanging fire for want of a quorum. The Barwon constituency has. taken an early opportunity to have its say on. the subject. It objects to having a member (Mr. Ince) foisted upon it whether it likes or - not. In the long run Mr. Berry is sure to lose : by the Levien transaction. It has disgusted. even his friends. The Treasurer has passed a Bill to apply £100,000 out of the Railway Loan Account to - pay oif a deficiency in the Inscribed Stock Account. For once Mr. Service and Sir James ■ McCulloch were found hand-iu-hand in denounc ing the proposed shiftingof the loan money. They both agreed that such a course will be found . - damaging to the credit of the colony. The - majority, however, agreed with Mr. Berry thai; it is a mere matter of detail in account keeping,. and the Bill was allowed to pass. The noise of party strife was hushed and. quieted for a brief season by the hand of death.. The House adjourned on Thursday to show respect to the memory of one of the most re markable men who has ever sat within our - Parliamentary walls—George Paton Smith. - Mr. Berry, as head of the Government,. paid a graceful tribute to the departed,. and he was ably followed by Sir James • McCulloch on behalf of the Opposition. There must have been something of the real hero about Mr. Smith. For two years he has - manfully fought against a living death. His appearance was shocking. As be glided between the benches of the Assembly he looked like the - ghost of a departed Maori. His face had grown black and corpse-like through jaundice. In. spite of this, to the very last he continued his duties as a leading barrister, and as a politician be was found in the thick of the fight to within a few days of his death. He was a notable instance of a self-made man. He began his colonial^life when qnite young as a small linen- - draper at Sandhurst. From that, in 1875, he became a reporter on the Argus, studied for the law, became editor of the Age and Leader, and was called to the bar* in 1861. He entered political life at the time of the conflict between the two Houses in 1866, and in 1868 became Attorney-General , for Sir James McCulloch, to whom he has ever since clung through good report and ill. As Attorney-General he had to take charge of the corruption and bribery cases in which 0. E. Jones, Hugh Glass, and others were implicated. His speeches on that occasion made a profound impression. From 1871 to 1874 Mr. Smith retired from pnblic life for a time, and since bis - return bis'illness proved a severe handicap. It • did not prevent him, however, making several brilliant speeches. His forte was satire, under the incisive force of which he made the present , * dormant party writhe. His election contest - ■with and victory over Professor Pearson made \ one of the leading events of last elections. He greatly offended the majority by stating, on the declaration of the poll, his opinion that the country at large would soon have reason to regret the choice the country had made. There were threats in consequence of his speech of a motion for his expulsion from the House. At the time of his death he had a notice of motion on the Notice- paper for a con sideration of recent rulings of the Speaker. He was comparatively a young man at his death. Had he lived there was hope of his reaching the highest positions in the State. That he was the class of man we shall most need may be judged by two extracts from recent speeches and by contrasting his sentiments with our latest political developments :—" These are things," he said, speaking of facts which he had stated, '• which men ought to consider when they gather round the stump for the purpose of applauding men who are willing to allow the lessons of history to go for nothing and the experience of the past to lie in the dust—whom no consideration of the past will deter—whom no considerations of the future will daunt—who care nothing for the future of this great country if for the moment they can carry with them what is called public^ opinion, or rather popular applause, and vault into power by its agency. The time will come when this very question of the franchise will have to be reconsidered. I have no wish to restrict the suffrage, but the time will and must come when the exercise of the suffrage will have to be accompanied by substantial guarantees of respectability and in telligence.'' " It must be remembered that in the condition of society in which we lived we had cast ourselves loose from the shores of the older civilization, and there were no landmarks to guide us in the future. The future welfare of the country was in our hauds, aud its destiny to a very large degree. "We were the pioneers, who would iu a few years pass away, and a younger generation would inherit our position. He hoped we would leave to them a nobler heritage—that we would bring them up with the knowledge of what English freedom and English constitutional government was." To iill the vacant seat an able ex-member, a leading freetrader, has been chosen by the Opposition— Mr. Murray Smith, late member for St. Hilda, who lost his election for the present Parliament by one vote only. He is almost certain to defeat Mr. Knipe, the chosen of the loyal Liberals. The city received a shock by the news thai another gentleman high up in the legal profes sion, and an older identity even than Mr. Smith, had died within a few hours of the latter's decease. Every one knew "poor old Judge rohlman," as he has been familiarly known of late years. He came to the colony in 1S-20 and began to carry on his practice as a barrister. In 1845 he entered the public service as a Com missioner of Insolvent Estates, becoming after wards County Court Judge, and later on Acting Supreme Court Judge, an office he held till shortly before his death at the age of'66. For a short time he was a nominee member of the Legislative Council, but made no special mark in politics. His Honor was a quiet, reserved, demure-looking man, noted chiefly for his free-handed benevo lence to poor and distressed of all ages and classes. He lived very quietly, nearly bis whole income going into public and private] charities. He was an active adherent of the Church of England and a member of the University Council. He lived single for nearly 20 years after the death of his first wife, when he married again under somewhat romantic cir cumstances, his choice falling upon his young and rather pretty housemaid. The death of his second wife in 1876 caused him great grief and hastened his end. He was dotiuglv fond of his little girl, the sole survivor of his family. It was a well-known sight in the city to see the small child hand-in-hand alongside the tall quaint looking Judge, with his old-fashioned suit and broad-brimmed hat. Iu legal circles a flutter was felt as to the vacant Judgeship, bat it is undertood that the Government will take the opportunity to effect a saving. Judge Barry is expected home shortly. Steps at e being taken to do him honour by having a i full-leDgth statue of him for the Public Library. He has sat for the purpose to the celebrated sculptor Woolner. It will be a well-deserved distinction, as no one has been more indefati gable for the best interests of the colony than the worthy and portly Judge. It is rumou ed that Mr. Brough Smyth is about to be reinstated in a high Government appointment—not the Mines. Mr. Henry "Farley has supplied the sensatiou of the week. Following the example of Dr. Somerville, he held a meeting at the Town Hall "for men.only." The expectation of nasty details drew a large crowd of nice men and biy». The subject dealt with—viz., the social evil— was spicily treated, and occasion was taken by the speakers to venture on several ticklish topics akin to it. Since the meetingMr. Farley has been the talk all over the place, and the most filthy and disgusting things are freely passed round as what he said in his address. Some members of the City Council have felt bound to interfere to prevent Mr. Farley ever getting the Hall again. On his application being refused, he has advertised that his speech will he published in full. His admirers say that his address was manly, to the point, and Judicious, with the exception of one or two blots. Fersions of these blemishes torn away from the context are what have set the scandal afloat. His chief mistake was in dragging in the relations of husbands and wives. This, particularly in the presence of boys, was simply unpardonable, whatever the motive may have been. The Argus correspondent from Brisbane tells a " norrible tale " of a somewhat similar mistake by Dr. Somerville at a women's meeting. The moral seems to be to evangelists and others that the Christian religion does not require such _ suggestive developments as advertised meetings " for women only " or " for men only." Melbourne, December 18. The die is cast. Just ou The eve of the festive season, whenpeace and good will" is the motto for all, the fatal deed has been done that will commit "Victoria to all the discomfort and misery that flow in the train of a stoppage of Govern ment supplies. One of our leading merchants, Mr. Service, said in the House last week that the ; present is the " dullest December" that has been experienced in the colony within the last quarter of a century. If the prognostications of tradesmen of all classes are to count for anything, still duller days are in store for us. It is easy to see that this abnormal duluess will of necessity be further influenced by a deadlock and a tariff left in an incompleted and uncertain state. Zsot the least disquieting circumstance is the attitude assumed by the leader of the Government since the throwing out of the Pay ment of Members Bill. His language and demeanour in the House and also at a country banquet have been of so extraordinary a character that the A rgus and Telegraph make oat, to their own satisfaction at least, a clear case for the theory that Mr. Berry has lost his head and gone clean mad. The latter paper in an article yesterday quotes numerous extracts from recent medical authorities on insanity, detailing symptoms which, severed from the context, certainly pass for very fair descriptions of our Chief Secretary's more recent develop ments. In connection with the Telegraph, which is strong anti-Berryite, the Government have taken a step which has given rise to the gravest criticism. The Government advertisements have been withdrawn from the paper as a punishment for its opposition. This imitation of the French or Russian style is not at all relished in this British section. It is felt that the next step would be for the Government to subsidize its own paper out of the State funds and snuff out all other organs—a state of things for which we are hardly ripe yet. How we have come to "the big crisis is soon told. All the prophecies were out that foretold that at the last moment the members of the Council would pass the Bill rather than bring the country into trouble. "When the measure was presented to them on Tuesday last but a few moments sufficed to give the happy dispatch. The Council simply stood on its dignity. It declined to follow the advice of the Argus and pretend it knew nothing of what was going on " below." Sir Charles Sladen briefly stated that as the Assembly had the Payment Bill before it, though in another shape, the Coancil must decline even to discuss the question until at any rate some guarantee bad been given that it would not be brought forward in some other form. Two or three members mildly protested, but the division showed a substantial majority of 16 to 8. The firm, bold stand taken has raised the Council considerably in the public esteem, and the effect cannot fail to be felt as the now inevitable struggle proceeds. It is hinted that the Council would even now pass a simple Payment of Members Bill sent up on its own merits, and they would probably have done so last week; but Mr. Berry had thrown down the gauntlet, had himself dragged in the question of the rights and privileges of the second Chamber, and the members have simply had the courage to accept the challenge. Mr. Murray Smith aptly described the position of parties— " It was like the act of one man who said to another *Be good enough to jump iuto that water. I've got a pistol in my pocket, and if you don't Pll shoot you.' The request for p iv ment of members went up in the shape of a Bill, and the Appropriation Act is the pistol." Fol lowing the step taken by the Coancil, the Assembly rapidly passed the Appropriation Bill, including in it the necessary estimate for payment of members. The Appropriation Bill in its present form must be thrown out. [As our readers will have noted by the telegrams, the Appropriation Bill was laid aside by the Council after a protracted debate.] It will then rest with Mr. Berry to say what next. AH sorts of wild schemes are hinted at, but they all point to the one end as inevitable—viz, dissolution of The present Parliament. From his speeches within the last day or two the Premier is evidently confident that an appeal to the country will bring him back stronger than ever. On that point the real crisis for the colony hinges, and until it is practically tested at the ballot-box no one can tell whether or not a reaction has come in the feeling of the Berryite majority. The Opposition organs are fain to believe that all- classes are getting sick of Berryism, and that a general election without the Stonewall spice and a "McCulloch ogre to he extinguished will result in a shaking up of the Liberal majority. Otherwise we may well pray Heaven save the country. A real revolution is upon us, and the bitter fight of class against class will not end till the second Chamber has been swept away, and the wealthy landowners harassed and driven in disgust from the country. Mr. Berry stands out as the central figure in the drama, and as a matter of course very great importance is attached to every word he utters at this critical juncture. In the House Mr. Service, on behalf of the mercantile interest, asked a simple question as to when the Government would finally settle about the tariff, as the uncertainty was causing a serious stoppage of trade. Mr. Berry affected surprise as to the statement about dulness of trade, and said that judging by the Customs receipts it was altogether un founded. He then declined to answer the question and threw the blame of any trade dif ficulties on the mercantile community itself, on the extraordinary ground that several leading merchants—members of the Upper House—had voted against the Payment of Members Bill. As the gentlemen referred to are members repre senting not commerce but large country dis tricts it is bard for the ordinary mind to see why the trading interest should he punished for their misdeeds. As to the future acts of the Government Mr. Berry said they wonld be made known day by day as necessary—not before. When the proper time comes we shall hear something. Working himself up to a state of excitement, he cried—" If there is to be a revolution, let revolution come." The Oppo sition members laughed j ceringly, and Mr. Service said that might be all very fine, but it was no rnswer to his question about the tariff. The Government declined, though pressed by other members, to give any further reply. Second only m mterest to Mr. berry's extra ordinary utterances at Beechwortk has been the election address of Mr. Murray Smith, who contests the vacant seat for the District of Boorondara. He calmly reviewed the whole career of the Ministry, making out a strong case against them. He summed up his impeachment as follows:—" There never was a Ministry before launched into office under such favourable con ditions. They have had power and large finances at their disposal. They have had the support of the country, and now already they have gone a long way towards disappointing their friends and to justify all the warnings of their foes. I think that every interest and every class that helped them into power has been outraged and mulcted in one way or another. They have recklessly given money away in unearned gratuities and have done their best to squander the finances." Mr. Smith is a scholar and a gentleman, aud has made a most favourable impression in the dis tiict. His election is regarded as a certainty. The labours of the Elections and Qualifica tions Committee were brought to an untimely end. Owing to the withdrawal of the three members who were disgusted with the freaks of of the Committee, no quorum could be got last week to go on with the case of Dr. Macartney. The Chairman was about to ask for the appointment of a fresh Com mittee when a letter was received from Mr. Mason, the petitioner, withdrawing because of the trouble and expense to which he was being put for witnesses and counsel for the " no quorum" meetings. The House agreed to the withdrawal of the petition and the return of his deposit money. With commendable alacrity Mr. Berry has taken steps in regard to the dreadful vine scourge jmylloxera vastairix and has intro duced a Bill for the total destruction of any vineyards affected. The difficulty is as to whether compensation should be allowed in the case of vineyards destroyed. Mr. Berry thinks not, but probably the Bill will undergo some modification before it is allowed to pass. Our wealthy squatters are not all as black as they are painted by the Liberal party. One of them, Sir Samuel Wilson, the gentleman who gave £30,000 to the "University, has just success fully imported 28,000 ova of Californian salmon, which have arrived safely and are hatching satisfactorily. Sir Samuel is distributing them throughout the colony wherever there is a stream in which they are likely to flourish. Another squatter, Mr. Clark, has just offered £1,000 a year for ten years towards a Cathedral provided the structure is begun and £5,000 a year spent on it. The Bishop and theatre question is not quite dead yet. His Lordship's latest contribution is to the fact that if the Argus critique of ''Pink Dominos,"nowon at the" Royal, be correct, no Christian man ought to witness its performance. Also, if the abominations portrayed by " "Vaga bond" still exist Christians should keep aloof. Mr. Coppin's answer is that the managers must go in for what pays. The Bishop also says " I do not hesitate to say that there is less danger to a young man in atteuding a performance by Mr. Creswick at the Academy of Music in the com pany of bis friends than in going to a Sunday school fete." This is no doubt the result of Dr. Moorhouse's experience in England, and it is not likely to be relished by colonial Sunday-school teachers, whose experience of " treats" has been that, even if tame, they are always, like Artenuis "Ward's kangaroo, " highly moral." Mr. "Varley has got over his little difficulty. Several leading citizens have come forward to testify to the purity of his motives and the amount of good done by his revivalistic labours. On the strength of this the Town Hall was again granted by the City Council on the under standing that nothing objectionable is to be uttered. 