A Shark and. Alligator Story. A Florida correspondent of the N e w York S u n says Heavy eastern gales, combined with the action of the Gulf Stream, sometimes shut the inlet, About fifteen years ago a storm dosed the gap. Billions of salt-water fish were dammed in. Then a long rainy season followed. The Jupiter, North Allokehatchie, and Lake Worth Rivers which empty into the Indian River within a mile of the inlet, poured out voluraus of fresh water, but the ocean had done its work well, and the dam remained intact. The fresh " ater passed through Hope Sound and forced its way to the sea through Indian inlet,: fi r rymdes north ot Jupiter. The salt-; water at Jupiter became fresh. AI> the oysters died. Trillions of fiddl rs and hermit oralis gave up the ghost. T(ie mangrove trees turned a sickly vellow, and the thousand of insects 'hat draw their nourishment from tne s dine marches disappeared. Schools of black b ass le t the fresh water streams and appeared at Jupiter. Solid acres ofsalt-waier fishes piled them selves into the bight of the inlet, and fought for the sea water that oozed 'hrough the san I at hi!/h tide. The alligators of tlie Everglades got wind of what was going on. They came down the Allokeharchie and L ke Worth 1 reek m scores, and attack the" fish dammed in the bight. The slaugnt.er was astonishing. The water turned to blood, and was carpeted «irh dead flsli. r l he alligators were reinforced until their number u as estimated at 500 They goigeil themselves with fish, and dozed awav days cn the hot sand neneath the scorching ravs of the sun. The beach was black with fln- ir mailed bodies. At night tl e'r mu t red thunder fairly shook the foundations of the lighthouse. One day a north wind arose, j t- gathered in day hy day until its fnrv was that of a gale. It began ro back up the water in the inlet. Rain fell, an 1 the water increased in depth. The wind shifted to the northwest. A high neap tide followed. As it began to fall a thread of fresh water found its way over the sandy barrier. With in twenty minutes tiled in wa burst, and the pent-up waters were roaring and rushing to the sea. The armv of alligators \va< caught in the flood and carried outside. A terrific fight ensued. The neap tide had brought hundr ds ot en nnous sharks to the coasts Tlley scented the fresh water and made for the. inlet. Frantic after their enforced fasting during the stonn rhev attacked the alligators The noise of the combat was heard above the ro*r of the ocean. A son ol Judge l'aine, oi Fort Capron, who was an e\ e-witness ot th" scene, teds me thathesaw sharks and alligators rise on the crest of the waves ami fight like dogs. Many of the killed floated bell\ upward, and were afterwards rocked ashore bv the waves. For days their bodies drifted to the b'veh. The dead a IJ iga tot s had lost their heads and taiK The sharks in some ca-es were nearlv bi'tei> into two pieces. The current o the Gulf Stream strewed the shore a> far north as C. pe Malabat with the i carca-es. Clouds of buzzirds, and even the Cahama vulture-, were drawn to tbe beach hy the offd. Mi. Pain, fancies that the sharks were too activ.- for ihe alligators, bat ..flier-; sa that the percentage of bodies on the beach indicated that the weight of metal wa in favour of the iron clad ^ept.ilrs. 