(To the Editors of- the Protestant Standard.) Sir, — A few words. Dr. Vaughan evidently denies the completeness of the atonement. In his address over the remains of the late Dr. Polding we learn that he believes that it re quires years of purgatorial fires to be added- on to that work of which the blessed Lord Jesus Christ Himself said, "It is finished. This, of course, makes the sacrifice of Christ imperfect, and the Being who offered that sacrifice must, according to Dr. Vaughan, be_ also imperfect. He does not find this- Christ-dishonouring doctrine in the New Testament, but in the writings of the Doctors of his Church. The Doctors of his Church, quite true— but not Christ's Church — and so he is welcome to them. These Doctors and Fathers, so called and mis named, were the corrupters of the Church of Christ, and, which also can be easily inferred, without seeking for further evidence, from the utterances of Dr. Vauguan, at Petersham, on Monday last. ' : We aire distinctly taught in the Bible — a book, I am afraid, Dr. Vaughan seldom reads — that Christ bore the wrath and judgment of God against sin, and not only put away sin for ever by tho sacrifice of Himself, but perfectly, ever lastingly glorified God by His works and death. "Now is the Son of Man glorified, and God is glorified in Him." (John xiii. 31.) And God who gave the ransom and provided the substi tute for man in His own Son, hqth .showed His estimate of HiB work. His delight in His beloved Son in raising Him up from among the dead and crowning Him with glory and honour at his right hand, that faith and hope might be in God, and now he sends forth- the glad tidings of Salvation, a way open to Himself, by faith in that atoning blood and in Him who has been glorified. In the precious volume — oh, how preoiouB to the believer in Jesus — we are taught, " He hath made him to be sin for us, who knew no sin, that we might be made the righteousness of God in Him," (2 Cor. v. 21.) "His own self bore our sins." (1 Peter ii. 24.) "Christ was. once offered to bear the sins of many." (Heb. ix. 28.) " Christ hath redeemed us from the curse of the law being made a curse for us." ,(Gal. iii. 13.) "Christ our passover is sacrificed for us." (1 Cor. v. 7.) God has declared that "the blood of Jesus Christ His Son cleanseth or purgeth from all sin." (1 John i. 7.) " Being now justified by His blood." (Rom. v. 9.) " Redeemed us to God by thy blood." (Rev. v. 9.) Observe> it is the blood that " cleanseth," the blood that " justifies," the blood that redeems, no such a thought as burning in purgatory. To add the flames of purgatory on' to that full, perfect, and complete work of the Holy Son of God is blas phemous in the extreme. What darkness — what ignorance of the most precious of all truths do we find in this learned Doctor. It all arises, I feel assured, from the fact of him never having known " Christ in the power of His resurrection," and from reading-the works of those corrupters of the Church instead of the glorious Gospel of the blessed God as revealed in the New Testament. It is evident he has not yet tasted these living, waters which flow on to eternal life ; if he had we would hear nothing of penal fires, for he would then know that out of the pierced sides of Christ forthwith came blood and water, the blood for expiation, and the water for daily cleansing. The water typifies the word. "Sanctify them by the truth, Thy word is truth." " Now ye are clean through the word I have spoken unto you. "The washing of water by the word." "He that is washed needeth not save to wash his feet, but is clean every whit." Where is such a thought as penal fires to be found in such previous truths as these given to us by our adorable and compassionate Redeemer. The spear pierced his side. The spear was ours, the blood was His. The spear and the blood met, and praise to his name, the blood — that precious blood — has washed away every stain, and the Holy Ghost's witness to us is, " their sins and iniquities will I remember no more." If Dr. Vaughan would but receive these sweet truths into his heart, the thick cloud of nature's darkness which now hangs over his soul would be removed, and he would then be a Christian, and not merely a Catholic, as it is quite possible to be the latter, and a good one too, without being the former. Sincerelv vours. . March 20. ROBERT HUNT. 