THE UNITED STATES. riTrmn carr nvm CmTt^mondent.'l New York. October 29. Congress met on the 15th instant, and tne House of Representatives organized by electing Mr. Randall, of Pennsylvania, Speaker. Mr. l-M««jnii ;» «P yu\nvK3o a DpTnnrra'fc- hn£ his nnDQ nenta concede that ne is an awe ana patriotic man, It was to him more than to any other representative that we owe the peaceable acceptance by the House last winter of Hayes as President; and if the more reckless mem bera had not been controlled by Eandall and iiis associates, their refusal to recognise Hayes ?would have eventually led to civil war. That we had a very narrow escape from such a calamity every one now perceives, and it is safe to- say that no party will again risk the conse quences of fraudulently ' counting-in' a defeated candidate for the Presidency. Mr. Eandall will make an excellent Speaker provided he is not in league with the promoters of certain schemes to -plunder the Treasury for the benefit of railway speculators. It has been freely charged that his ?election was brought about by the influence of the two great Pacific Bailroad Companies which .are seeking Government subsidies. Probably -this is a mere political lie, but unfortunately few of ottr public men are so utterly beyond the reach, of suspicion that a charge like this made in regard to them would be instantly dis regarded. The President's message was very brief. The first part related to the necessity of an imme diate appropriation for the payment of the ^rmy, and was evidently written by a careful lawyer— such as is the Secretary of State. The rest of the message referred to the next -Parisian Industrial Exhibition and a few other unimportant matters, and was obviously ia Mr. Hayes's own peculiarly dull, laboured, and de pressing style. The last House of Representa tives being unwilling to give a Republican President an army to be used, as the army has been for several years, in interfering with the elections in Southern States, adjourned without passing an Appropriation Bill. Mr. Hayes's remarkable conversion to the Democratic policy showed that this precaution was needless. Nevertheless, since the first of June last the army has not received a cent of pay, and has been kept together only through the patriotism of the officers and men. Of course an Appropriation Bill will be immediately passed, and later in the session the question of increasing the army to 40,000 men will come up for discussion. The Commissioners appointed by the last Congress to investigate the question of remone tizing silver have reported, not only in favour of that scheme, but also in favour of paying the national debt in silver. The bonds are on their face payable in coin, and although Congress long ago adopted a resolution declaring that 'coin' meant gold, the Commissioners see no difficulty in the way of rescinding that resolution, adopt ing silver as legal currency, and paying the bond in silver coin— a measure which at the present value of silver would cheat the bondholders out of six per cent. While there is little if any doubt that the silver dollar, now worth 96 cents, will be adopted by Congress, it is improbable that the more flagrantly dishonest recommendation of the Commissioners in regard^to the bonds will be followed. There must be many men in Congress with intelligence enough to see that if the bonds are paid in silver American credit will suffer to that extent that we can never again borrow money except at enormous interest. They may care very little what ' effete Europe' may think of a nation which promises to pay gold and then breaks the promise and cheats its creditors ; but they cannot be ready to render all further borrowing impossible. The present Congress will content itself with cheating American citizens by substituting a silver for a gold standard, and will doubtless leave the more important work of cheating the foreign bond holders to a later Congress, in which the 'working men' may be more largely repre sented. Just before Congress met a State election occurred in Ohio, Mr. Hayes's State. The Republican party was first organized in Ohio, and from that day to this has been steadily Republican, and at one time gave a majority of over a hundred thousand for the republican candidates. Now, however, it has elected a Democratic Governor and a Democratic Legislature by a majority of nearly twenty-five thousand— a pretty conclusive evidence that the party committed suicide when it ' counted in ' Mr. Hayes. The Litter's friends try to explain the Democratic victory by alleging that the ?'working men's candidate3— for the new com munistic party was thoroughly organized in Ohio— drew away votes from the Republican candidate. But the total vote of the 'working men' was only 12,000, while the Democratic majority was nearly twice that. The true explanation is easily found. Many Republicans who were earnest supporters of Hayes last year have become so thoroughly disgusted -with him that they refused to vote, while many others who were convinced that Hayes was now elected to the office which he now holds, and who disliked the ignorant demagogue whom the Republicans nominated for Governor, broke loose from their party and voted for the Democratic ticket. A President who was nominated as the expo nent of a certain policy, and who, after coming into office, promptly adopts the policy of the opposite party, and under the pretext of purify ing the Civil Service turns his back upon every one of the men to whom he owes his office, can not look for support from his own party, no matter how right in the abstract his policy may be. The Democrats support Hayes's policy because it is that which Mr. Tilden was pledged to carry out. but they despise Hayes himself as a renegade. At first the President's course was explicable upon two theories — one that he was a patriot and a man of exceptional great nesB, who preferred to do right at whatever cost ; and the other that he was a weak man, who hoped to stop the Democratic cry that he was 'counted in,' and that he was a mere well -meaning, commonplace nobody, by showing that he was independent enough to desert his party and to adopt Mr. Tilden's policy. With many others I at first strongly hoped that the former theory was the true one, but Mr. Hayes has made too many speeches to permit any to believe iu his intel lectual greatness. He is probably well-meaning, tut he is certainly vacillating and weak. More over, he is sufficiently ignorant, or sufficiently unprincipled, to advocate the silver swindle. The Republicans charge upon him their suc cessive defeats in the recent State elections, and there can be no doubt that their defeat in Ohio and their certain defeat in this State to morrow can be explained only by the universal -discontent which the President's course has ?caused in their ranks. How soon the Republicans in Congress will -come to an open rupture with Mr. Hayes xemains to be seen. Probably the first hostile act will be a refusal on the part of the Senate to confirm some of his appointments. The Senate, however, will soon be Democratic as well as the House, and the President can turn from the party which he has betrayed to the party which believes him a usurper. Porter justice has been curionsly vindicated by the political events of the last year. The Republicans, eager to prolong their lease of power, resorted to the crime of fraudulently placing a defeated candidate in the White House; but the very man in whose behalf the crime was committed has so thoroughly broken up the party that it can never win another Presidential election, and has refused to give offices to the chief con spirators and their followers. Hid Mr. Tilden been allowed to assume the Presidency the mistakes which the exultant Democrats would have been certain to commit would have easily paved the way for a great Republican victory three years hence. As it is, the Republican party is as dead as the old Whig party. The fact that a 'working mans' candidate nominated in the interests of Communism polled over 12,000 votes in Ohio is very signifi cant. Of course 12,000 votes cannot secure an election in a populous State, but they can hold the balance of power and exact almost any thing from either of the other parties as the price of this alliance. All the veteran politi cians are , surprised that the working-men's ticket should have received sojarge a vote, espe cially as its supporters lacked erperiencedleadere and money. At the next election this vote will probably reach 20.000 ; and this is an agri cultural State, where there are few large towns. The working men, or Communists, as they onght properly to be called, are organizing in every State ; therefore they will act together as a compact body of voters. The progress of this country towards anarchy — and subsequent imposition — will be measured by the extent to which the Democratic p«ty and its rival will bid for the Communist vote. The danger to which our institutions are exposed ?was dearly shown by the Ohio election; but most persons fail to see it, and content themselves with saying that 12,000 voters cannot carry an election. They can and will do what is very nearly the same thing— hold the balance of power and dictate terms to the other parties. Chief Joseph, the commander of the Nez Percys Indians, has at last been beaten in battle and surrerdered. What to do with him is a question not easily answered. For a hundred years his tribe has been steadily faithful to the whites, until a series of outrages, together with the open breach of a treaty by the United States, drove them to war. Joseph has shown himself an able general, and has waged war more humanely than his white opponents. The latter killed his women and children, but Joseph has released every white woman whom his band captured. After the wrongs we have heaped on this gallant chief it would be rather too much to hang him, as we did the Modoc chief, Captain Jack; and yet if he is treated merely as a prisoner of war he will not feel that he is reall v beaten. Our other Indian enemy, Sitting Bull, is in British territory, where he recently received Peace Commissioners sent to him from Washing ton, and informed them that owing to the white men's incurable tendency to lie he really could not waste time in listening to them. This shows the hopeless darkness of the savage mind. Merely because we have broken a solemn treaty made with Sitting Bull's tribe, and attempted to drive them out of their homes, Sitting Bull fancies that it would be folly for him to trust us sufficiently to make another treaty with us. He actually finds renewed reason for distrust in the fact that one of his lieutenants— Crazy Horse — recently surren dered, and was accidentally killed by a soldier. Poor, gallant, ignorant, ill-used savage. After he and his kind have been exterminated we shall write epics and tragedies in honour of them. There are a few men here who would rather be the Sioux chief, fighting with the odds of 1,000 men to 40,000,000, than the white President who won his rank with cogged dice. For many years Mr. William C. Gilman, of this city, has been regarded as a model of piety and integrity. He was a pillar of his Church, a liberal contributor to benevolent enterprises, and a man of such unsullied character that no one dreamed of suspecting him of any improper practices. The other day it was discovered that he had for a long time been in the habit of borrowing money by depositing certifi cates of stock which he had 'raised' from small to large amounts by altering then* figures. In other words, the good Mr. Gilman was a forger. After the cha^e grew hot he made a virtue of necessity, surrendered himself to the police, and pleaded guilty to an indictment. This con fession — a piece of lachrymose cant, in which he acknowledged that he had com mitted forgeries to the extent of §200,000. the real amount being much larger — was read in Court. The prosecuting attorney with tears in his eyes moved for sentence, and the Judge, remarking upon the great pain that he felt at seeing Mr Gilman at the bar, sentenced him to five years' imprisonment. Which is the worse feature of the case— the crimes of this canting scoundrel, or the morbid sympathy which was shown for him in Court. I am at a loss to decide. The latter is decidedly the more disgusting. When prosecuting attorneys and Judges weep over a forger and forget his victims we need not look for a high standard of public morality. Since the first of November, 1871, no less than 18 Savings Banks in this city, owing their depositors in the aggregate §8,973,093, have be come bankrupt. Not a third of this enormous sum has been or will be received. These failures were due wholly to rascality, but not a single Bank officer has been punished. If there are any of the old Botany Bay convicts still living in Australia, send them here, and let them become Presidents of Savings Banks. There is no other ' lay' known to professional thieves which is half as safe or anything like as profitable. Oliver P. Morton, the ablest leader of the Republican party, who was very ill last month, is still living, but is given up by his physicians. Another of the founders of the party, Cassius M. Clay, of Kentucky, has just killed a negro. Mr. Clay was one of the early abolitionists, and as such for years carried his life in his hands, since he lived in a slavebolding com munity. His having won the respect of his enemies2 and his unselfish devotion to the cause of the slave will never be forgotten. When the Republican party first came into power Mr. Clay was made Minister to Russia. Not long after I met a Senator— one of Mr. Clay's old abolitionist allies — who, in answer to an enquiry as to Mr. Clay, told me that he must have become afflicted, with softening of the brain, inasmuch as he had dyed his hair. From the day when ' Cash Clay' dyed his hair he began to sink politically, until he sank completely out of sight. He never did a wise act, and said all sorts of foolish things from that time forward. His recent shooting of a negro has reminded the public that he is still alive. The shooting was done it- self-defence, and no one blames Mr. Clay for it; but it is odd that the man who woa his early fame as the friend of the black race should later in his life bring himself, back into notice by killing a representative of that race. ? There is an ugly scandal in regard to the recent International Rifle Match. After this match was over the trophy was presented to the victors, and the usual speeches were made at a public meeting held at a large music-hall. An admission fee was charged, and as the British team was to be present on the stage and Sir Henry Halford was to make a speech, the meet ing was a large one. It has now appeared that the gate-money did not go — as was supposed — to the proprietors of the hall, but that oue- half of it, amounting to 81,100, went to the National Rifle Association. The proprietor, or rather lessee, of the hall says that the Rifle Association refused to exhibit the English team except on condition of receiving half the receipts, and that he therefore agreed upon their terms. The officers of the Rifle Association admit the charge, but claim that they had a right to make their own terms, and that they pursued the same conrse last year when the Australian team was here. Now, it is doubtless a very smart business stroke to invite gentlemen to come here and shoot, .and to subsequently exhibit them for so much a head, but it is hardly fair to do so without explaining the matter to the exhibited guests. Sir Henry Halford and his comrades scarcely imagined that their hosts were exhibiting them at Gihnour's Garden precisely as if they were a collection of- rare animals, but supposed that the affair was a sort of public festivity. Whether any other foreign riflemen will come here to be made a show of remains to be seen. Can a ball player pitch a ball so that it will curve alter it has left his hand? Ball-players have always assumed that this can be done, but recently a scientific person of enormous learning demonstrates with a vast quantity of figures that the thing is impossible. Wbampoa, a ball player, proceeded to do in public tlie very thing what the learned man had proved that he could not do. Two parallel board feuces were erected at a few yards distant from one another, and tho ball-player, standing at one end of the lane between them, pitched the ball so that it first curved nearly to one fence and thenwithou touching it curved back again nearly to tha other. It is very sad to see an able and con clusive mathematical demonstration thus coarsely refuted, but such are the trials to which the devotees of science are exposed. Another exhibition of ' materialized'' spirits has come to grief— this time in Philadelphia. A medium named Bliss, together with his reputed wife, have latterly been reaping a hurvtat by exhibitiug a choief collection of ghosts. Of course there was the. usual cabinet occupying one end of a dimly -lit room ; and from the cabiuet issued ghosts who were fully recognised by people in the audience as the spirits or their departed friends. A'wicked sceptic caused the arrest of Bliss on a charge of cbutiuing monuy under false pretences ; and an examination of the cabinet disclosed a traptloor in the iioor through which the ghosts ascended from tho cellar. One of the leading ghosts— a -smart young woman— went iu the wituess-box and described the various dresses which she wore when representing different spirits. This is the eighth or tenth time that the *' materializing' fraud has been exposed, and yet there are thou sands who still believe in it. There has lately been a schism in the ranks of the spiritualists. We have now among us a Russian lady — Madam Blavatsky — who claims to be a magician, as distinguished from a medium. She has revived among her special admirers a belief in the alleged science of magic, and has written a book in two immense octavo volumes in defence of her views. The book sells for $7.50 now. Though it has been ont but a few weeks the entire edition has been sold, proving that there are nearly one thousand persons who are willing to pay $7.50 each to read a book in which the philosopher's stone, the elixir of life, and such like dreams of medieaval visionaries are discussed as if they -were scientific fasts. The new Blavat skian sect of Rosicrucians is already at bitter feud with the orthodox spiritualists, and each abuses the other with cheerful vigour. It is rather odd that in this intensely prosaic and practical country the belief in magic should be revived. We had a violent storm on the coast on the 5th of tha month, which caused many disasters to shipping. One of the largest and fines of the steamboats that navigate Long Island Sound was driven on the rocks, and her three hundred passengers were rescued with much difficulty. The Sound is usually as quiet as a harbour, being almost landlocked, and it is a novelty for a shipwreck to occur on its coast The Massa chusetts — the steamboat in question was one of tie huge three-storied floating hotels that navigate our quiet rivers, and nothing but the fact that she was new and strong saved har rrom goipg to pieces and her passengers from drowning; The great strike of the Pennsylvania coal miners, which was drawing to an end when I last wrote, has finally ended, the men acknowledging themselves beaten and returning to work. Per contra, we are now eiij owing a strike of the cigarmakers of this city, 15,000 of whom have refused to work unless their wages are raised. This is one of the few strikes that the public can view complacently. Of course most of the cigars made here are sold as 'genuine Havanas,' and are usually extremely bad. Cigar-dealers will be forced by the strike to depend chiefly upon imported cigars, and we shall thus have the market supplied with real Havanas. The revival of business, such as it is, con tinues. It is not a very great and brilliant revival, but there is no doubt that a very decided improvement has taken place in all branches of business. It is a fortunate coinci derce that our grain crop should be so wonder fully abundant just at the time when the Eastern war has stopped the exportation of Russian grain. The crop is this year 25,000,000 bushels greater than that of any previous year, and the shipments have exceeded those of last year by 40 per cent. The increased facilities for tho shipment of fresh meat to Europe have also produced marked results. Last year the value of the beef ex ported was a little over Sl,700,000 for a period of nine months, while during the corresponding months of this year it has reached over 88,000,000. In 1876 not a live sheep was sent to Europe, and the exports of live cattle were insignificant. In 1877 live sheep to the value of £61,100 and live cattle to the value of S206.095 had been exported up to the 1st of October. Of course the war has its share in producing this briskness in the provision market, but were peace to be immediately signed it is probable that the exports of meat and live stock would continue to increase. 