TOH ALL ALONE. OY CAROLINP COIsAD.; D'Rs. Lester supposed that her husband was dead. He had gone off and loft her and the babehies to starve or not no they could. Firl lly, five yolrs after her desertion, n ews came that Fred Lsetor was dead Sdrowned while he was out fishing in a boat somewhere a long way off. A year and a half after that Alice Lester married David Holmes. He was a good man, and Alice wans a good woman. They deoserved each other. David Holmes was a plainer man than Fred Le Loter had been, not at all handsome, ann' not so accomplished or dashing an Alico's : first husband. But hle wasn a solid, good fellow, well up in his profession-ho was a doctor-and would have laid down his life for Alices. The childron-two of them loved him almost as well as they did their Smother, and that speaks for itself as to the kind of man Holmes was. He had a good income from his practice, and they lived well. They kept two women : in the house-a chambermaid and cookn and a man to tend the garden, take care of * the doctor's horse, and do odd jobs. The man wan one the doctor had employed before he was married. He was called Jim F?etter. One day Jim Fetter was sick, and sent another man in his place; and the doctor coming home late in the afternoon after an uncommonly hard round of visits, found the new man waiting to take his horse. S'It was not like Dr. Holmes to have un reasonable prejudices or indulge ridiculous fancioe. Ho was a plain, straightforward, sensible fellow, with only one romance in his whole life-he was thirty-five when he married-and that was his love for his wife, Alice. But he took a violent dislike to the new man at sight. All the time he was ex plaining how he came to be there, Holmes watched his face with cold, unpleasant looks, not at all likre himself. " Whore have I seen that face before ? " he muttered as he went into. the house; " and what makes me hate it so? " He stopped in thio hball and left his over coat and hat and his riding-hoots, exchang ing the latter for slippers, and went on to the parlor, where his wife usually was at that hour. The moment he saw her he remembered what was the resemblance that troubled him. The new man looked like Alice's first hus bdand-Fred Lester. Holmes had never met him; but he had seen his picture, and he could not rid him self of the fancy that the man who had come in Jim Fettec's place looked like that picture. Alice was in the parlor, with some sewing in her hand. She was not oewing though she was crying, and the sirht of her tears w:: ae like a knife in David lolmes' heart. " He walked in and touched her before she Sknew he was there. And Alice sprang up w::ith a cry of joy, and flung her arms round his neok. " Alice, what man is that you have got in Jim's place ?" asked the doctor sternly. Alice laughed. "I haven't got him at all. I haven't even seen him. Jim sent him you know. Don't you like him ? Oook said he had a wooden leg, poor follow." "' Has he? I didn't notice," said Holmes, with a start. After awhile he made an excuse to leave the parlor. He knew where that photo graph of Fred Leoter wao-among some old papers that had somehow drifted from his wife's desk into .his. Alice probably did not know it was in existence. He went to his room and took the picture out. It wae an old card, much defaced, hut • enough remained to show how handsome had been the man his wife had loved before she ever saw him. , David Holmes had one weakneon very Sstrange in him. He was jealous of that man whom Alice had loved. He knew he •ao plain and awkward, or thought he knew it, and he exaggerated his own defects and that other's perfections. oYes, the new man whom Jim Fetter had sent did certainly look like this picture of Fred Leoter, and what could Alice have been crying about ? Suddenly, muttering an impatient oexcla mation,D.avid Holmes thrust the photograph bnack in his delsk; and going out of his room, stole down the back stairs kitchen-yard. The new man had just come from the stable, and stood now loaning over the rail ing of the back porch. For the first time Holmes noticed that he had a wooden log. "What a fool I am! " he thought. " The man is only some poor soldier who has given hie leg for his country." But that moment the new man looked around. In that half-light the resemblance which tortured Holmes so oosemed stronger than ever. Setting his teeth a little, the doctor went out to him. The man answered his questions readily enough, but volun teered no information about himself, and his questioner fancied that he detected an attempt at disguise, both in his languago and bearing. He said his name was Tom, but gave no other. The doctor asked him if he was a married man. He gave him an odd glowering look. "'Yes," he said, "I was ones. I have no wife now." Holmes turned at last and went into the house. At the kitchen-door Ann, the cook, met him. "I don't like that new man of yours, doctor. There's something not right about Shim. Just now as you turned your baok on him he shook his fist after you." "I don't like him either," the poor doctor mittered as hlie weont back to the parlor, " and after tea I'll go and see what SJim Fetter knows about him." The parlor was very bright and cozy; the ourtains drawn; the lamp just lit; and the fire sparkling and crackling in the open grate. Tea was brought in there presently, and David Holmes drank it, with the wife he loved sitting opposite him, and the childron of the man whose memory even he hated on each side of him. But he loved them. When tea was over the childron climbed upon him and prattled of various things, and Alice smiled, and he almost forgot what he was going to seeoon Jim Fetter about. Eddy, the youngest, was a gentle little fellow, almost like a girl, and so full of on Sdearing ways that everybody loved him. "Papa," said he, "did you know Jim was sick, and there's a now man comeo to do his work? iuoh a funny moa, papa, Ho anys his name is Tom All-Alone. Do you believe it in? And conk says I look like him. Do ?" David Holmes otarted and glanced at hin wife. She was smiling. "Yes," added Lizzy oegerly, " and when cook said that, he oaught Eddy up in his arms, and I thought he would never stop hugging and kissing him. And after that he sat in tlhe corner and cried." "Poor follow! " oighed Alice. "I ,expect he has got a little boy somoewhoro that Eddy reminds him of." David Holmes said nothing. His face woo bent down over the chlild's curly head, so that his wife could not see it, and on it was an expreeession of gloom and terror. Atier the children had gono to bed he went and sat down beside Alice, putting his arm round her and studying anxiously the sweet face he loved co. "Allio, dear," he said, " what were you crying about when I came in this after noon ?" "I don't think I waso crying, really, David. I was a little blue I suppose. In fact I kInow I was. I don't think I really cried though." "You did. You wiped your eyes twice while I stood there. Were you thinking of him ?" "Of him? Of who ?" Alice stammered, very pale. " Not FredLoetor? 0 ! David, you know I never think of him when I can help it, and you promised yon would never mention him to me." " Only this once. Were you grieving for him, Alice ? " " O ! no, no, a thousand times no." "Then why were you crying? Don't I malke you happy, darling ? " "0 you do-too--too happy. I don't know why I cried, David. I couldn't give a reoason if I tried. I am just nervouo I think. There has been a strange oppresoidn on me all day. I could not shako it off. It seemed as if some danger threatened you or me. I never was so glad to see you noas I was this afternoon, David. I never was eo glad to have you near me as I am to-night. You see, don't you, I am very nervous ? " And with that, Alice began to cry again, and clung to her husband almost hyoteric. ally. He kiosed her repeatedly. "Do you love me, Alice? Do you love me as much as you did that mn?" he asked, almost as excited noas she was. "If he were to rise up here before us suddenly, if such a thing could be, as that he was not dead after all, what would you do?" Alice sat up and stared at him with looke of positive horror. "I should die," she said. "What do you mean, David ?" Dr. Holmes drew her into his arms again. "I meant nothing, dear," he said sooth ingly; "only that I love you and am jealoso of every tear you shed. I know that he wene the pnrsonifilation of grace and beauty, and that I am dull, plain, and awkward. 1 am worse than nervous you see. I am jealous of so slight a thing as a memory." Alice lifted her head from his shoulder and looked at him. "You are not," she said vehemently. a You are neither plain nor awkward. You shall not say so. And listen to me, David, once for all. I suppose I must have loved poor Fred Looter once. But I was never so happy with him as I have boon with you; and if such a thing could be oas you nay, as his being alive after all, his lifo- because it would tace me from you-~would wring my heart more even than his cruel and heartless desertion of me did." As Alice uttered these words there wan a sound somewhere near like a groan. A pang of conviction smote David Holmoo. " That wrethobed man is listening some where," he thought. " There is some one in the back parlor, David, I arim sure of it," Alioe whispered in wild affright. "I will go and osee, dear. You stay here," Dr. Holmes said calmly, and taking the lamp went into the next room. As he suspected, the man who had called himself Tom All-Alone to the children stood there whiter than a ghost. The two men remained a moment staring at each other. Remorse and despair were in one face. Resolve and despair were in the other. David Holmes pointed to the door which led into the hall and then laid his finger on his lips. The other bent hie head humbly and dragged himself in painful silence through the door. David Holmes went back to Alice. "There is no one there," he said, com pelling his voice to a careless tone, his features to calmness. Two minutes afterward there came u summons for Dr. Holmes to go out and osee a man whoso life depended on his prompt ness. Reluctant as he was, almost to agony, to leave Alice at this time, overwhelmed as he felt with vague forebodings of evil, he know it was his duty to go, and wont. It was a drive of come miles; but he was in time to save the life of the man who had cent for him. He had taken poison by mic take; but Holmes succeeded in countoract ing its effeots before he loft him. As the doctor drove toward home, that vague anxiety which had been on him all the time increased. He lhad been gone only a few hours. Nothing could have happened in so short a time, he told himself; but he drove more andl more rapidly. Miles away he saw the sky aglow in the direction of his home. " It can't be my house," he thought. "It is not fire I am afraid of." But it was fire. The beautiful home he so lately loft was a smokling ruin when he got bhck to it. A crowd surrounded it. "Alice! O, Alice! " Holmes groaned and the next moment saw her standing safe with both the children. "The children would have been burned in their beds if it had not boon for the now man," she sobbed as he clasped her. " Go to him, Danvid, do. Ho's dreadfully hurt and they won't lot me near him." With a look of deep awe and wonder, David Holmes went to whore a crowd was gathiered about the prostrate form of the hero of the hour. " It ain't ar faint," he heard some one say n hoi pressed through. " He's dead I toll you. He had a blankot round thochildron but he didn't try to protect himself, and ho's got the fire in his lungs." At the first glance Holmes know it was true. The man concorning whom he had had ouch dreadful ouspicion and anxiety would never trouble him more. He had given his life to save Fred Leator'o ohildron. There wore many thoro who had known Frod Loaoter; but no one ooemoed to rooog tizo this man. HiO boat friend indeed would never have known that blackened and onarod face. David Holmeo alone of all thouno gueoosoed who the dead man wao, and he nevor uttorod hia ouopioion. Nothing further or in contradiotion of the report of Fred Leotor'n death yoear before wao over heard. The stranger with the woodoen leg wan buried at Dr. Holmen'o expenno; and the doctor and Alice weoro quietly married over again on some pre tence of informality in the first ceremony, whioh Alice, to whom her hunband's lightoet word way dearest law, never questioned. David Holmen prospered. Hoo built him a new house, and was happy with the wife he loved so. But for years both hia dreamo and hin waking moments were haunted cometimes by the memory of that unhappy man who had called himself Tom All- Alone to Fred Lestor's children, and had given hin lifo to save theirs. 