SUNDAY SERVICES. . , The Rev. ,T..-Hay at St. Kilda.— Ycster-- day, the . Rev. J. Hay preached at the morn ing and evening services of the/East St., Kilda Presbyterian congregation, held in the orderly-room, . After morning sorvioe tho rev. gentlomnn took his text from the Book of Mnlaelii, 3rd cliap. and I4th verse : " Yo have said it is vain to servo God ; and what profit is it that we liavo kept his ordinances and tllnt we have walked mournfully before tho Lord of Hosts ?" He said the question, "What is tho good of a ehureh? What rtrnfif. ID ttinwa ill /-. (nlnnn nnu...' n/-i- 9 TVlini- J"V"« 1U lutliuiia out V1CU9 i V? Alt»U advantage is thero in being religious at all ? " was one that was very often asked. Very many things induced people to ask tlio question. Tho number of religions in tho world, oaoli with its various creeds, and.in- numerable sects, each sect with its bitter ness and jealousy, tended to produoo a feeling of unrest, whioh in very mnny minds became a feeling of indifference 'and oven of con tempt, leading to a condemnation .of all existing religious systems. It was well to re member, liowover, that whenever the question was asked it Bliowed that tho .person who asked it had, if npt a dead or bad spirit, nt least one weak in . religious feeling, nud don- fused in regard to' religious knowledge and aims, A person fillod with the spirit of truo religion would not allow the. question to bo asked. Boligion had nothing to . do with profit and loss, and the idoa of making profit out of religion was tho death of religion. This might bo gathered from the faot that the question was alluded to in scripture as the devil's question. They found it in Genesis in tho Satanic temptation, and also in tho book of Job, where tho question was asked, with jaunting sneer, " Does man serve God for nothing';" "Takeaway his flooks, Mb herds, his family, and friends, and the religious man will curso thee to thy face and die." Tho whole argument of the book of Job endeavored to show that for truo religion there must he some other business than worldly prosperity or even groat expectations of the world to aomo. If tbey could get Christ to use liis powir on any mercenary application, for any prulitablo purpose, then from that moment the good- the religion of Cliriat was killed nt tho very beginning. The question " What' profit is thero in religion?" was death to religioii. That- might bo gathered from the thought tbnt religions wore not founded ; they had grown out of the nature of man. They never were formed as laws were formed, for the government of a country; or as creeds were formed, for the guidance and discipline of a churah. The great religious leaders, who had given tangible shape to religions— only a dozen or so in number — never thought of tho course whioh thoy should adopt or the manner in which they should proceed. Their souls were filled with 'the truth, whioh had grown within thom and became ns it were part of themselves, and they nttered it at all hazards. Nearly all the great Jewish leaders of religious thought lind their characters formed whilst living in solitude. They re ceived those full and correct impressions upon tho soul, whilst living in solitude as -Tntin f.lin "R.ant.ipf rli/1 no no T?.l!«a did, and as Isaiah did. Each came hack to the world overflowing with thoughts, and spake as ho was moved by the Holy Ghost. Every one hnd reached a higher state of religious perfection than many reached in these days, and higher than many, oared to , reaob. I'y men who kept a religious life the question, "What is tho profit of religion?" was nevor naked. If it had bcon, religion would never havo been with ua nt tbiB day. Religion, liko ecionoo and art, and ail our fide social qualities, must be cultivated for its own sako. Science proceeded from faot to fact, nnd law to law. All groat discoveries whioh had boen mado had come from some apparent violation of law, and as it wero by acoident. Tho student in following out his process was stmek by some new thought, whioh turned his mind into a new. channel, and ohanged tho vnlue of- his work. Had tho student at any time allowed himself to be mastered by tho question, "What is the good of all my study ? his work would have ceased at that moment, simply because he would have been unable to prediot the re- suit The same thing was also truo in art. , What fact was better known in painting and sculpture than that, whilstartistsprided them- selves on a thorough acquaintance with the details of their art, knowing all about pro portion, light and color, none of these would make up such a work as would ex press the mind's ideal ? The brightest in spiration came in a moment, nnd said " If you are to paint at all you must paint like this.;" and the artist's love of his art would not allow him to count the time, . the cost and tho danger. So with regard to social relations. If anyono asked himself even for a moment, "What will be tho value of suoh-and-sueh a friendship to ma ?" — that thought would instantly pnralyso the gene rous instinots of his soul. No leal friendship could be formed while the feeling of interest or profit lasted. Let them imagino a child measuring out the amount of its love nnd duty by tho hope of gain. Fancy a child declining in duty and affection as the parent grew older and more helpless. The joy of suoh a child as it saw its parent growing moro helpless nud moro entirely in its power would only be equalled by tho cold, iron ourse of the parent when lie found that all his selfish care had been lost upon his own offspring. Those feelings must liavo free course, and find their glory, strength, beauty and purity in their own un- ' restrained, unlimited freedom ; nnd what was true of those feelings was also true of religion. Religion must be followed for its own sake, heoauBO of its goodness, be cause it was goodness ; beoauso of its love, beoanso it was love ; because of its purity, because it was purity ; because of its self- denial, because it was self- denial. There was something profane almost to tho depth of profauity in making earthly capital out of the noblest feelings of our hearts ; making capital out of tho noblest feelings of God in relation to us. In our religion wo must not let the left hand know what the right hand dooth. If they had only been trying what profit they could get by religion, they wonld hnd they bad not pnid the proper price to admit them to tho kingdom of life, Bnt though tho question should never be put, it was one whioh admitted of a very satisfactory answer. Many answers had he )li given to the question, "What is the good of religion ?" Some hnd answered, " It is tho trade of the priest, who, having a little superior knowledge, makes a proper and respectable social posi tion, living out of the ignorance, the fears and the Buperstitions of tho people," They' said it wee proved to bo a faot that in every-, age the advancement of the people in know ledge hnd been made through rebellion AfeMnst the Qhuroh. OtherB said that the ahnrohes were nn unmitigated- curso ; but n more popular opinion lay between tbceo two extremes. ' It was said that religion was UBeful for propagating moral feeling, and thus exorcising a beneficial inllueneo over tho .lives ot mankind. Taking tho commercial, profit nnd loss view, ho would indicate his' answer |by pointing out that our work hero had its value, not no much by what wo ac complished, not so much by what we were as by what wo hoped to bo. It was our aim in Ijfo which gavo n vnluc nnd ft meaning to our efforts. It was vory difficult to discover tho strougost current in a nation's life, the secret spring of action without which pro gress would not bo made. Thoy could iuwnya got at tho feolings that wero strongest at tho momoni — things whioh ex cited the people for two or threo yoars ; but it was not so easy to ascortain tho general onrrent of focling which actuated a nation through centurios of development. Tho secret, howovor, seemed to havo boen learnt with regard to the old Romans. After tho English, no race of men had mado such a profound and lasting impression on the his tory of tho world as thoso somi.barbarian Romans, who know nothing of our grand re ligion. \Vo wore forflod to ask, What was it that made tho Romans organiao armies, conquer countrios, and found colonies, until those who. hnd boen conquered by cruel force wished to become Roman citizons,.aud were proud to take tho namo of their con- quorors ? Tho strength of tho Roman came from his clear, firm belief that -away in tho heavens, unsoon by him, there was ono Buprem'o God — ono supremo power who would givo to the Romans power, country, wealth and- victory, so long ns they wore virtuous, so long as they were brave, and so long-ns thoy wore deserving of them. So long as that belief had clear and undoubted hold of tho Romans, so long ns they believed that to bo virtuous aud bravo was highly pleasing to God;.thoy wero vic torious wherever thoy took thoir arms. Bht tho object of power boing obtained it pro duced their ruin. Thoy had wealth and power— all the world was theirs — and from tho moment there wero no more lands to bo conquered their virtue withored and died. It was selfish in character and limited in its aim. : Tho Christinn had not to .conquer lands but to conquer himself — to conquer his passions ; ho wns not to bo content with tho finite and tlio perisbablo, but ho was to sock nftor tho infinite, tlio unchangeable and tlio everlasting. Tho Roman after centuries ob tained his aim, and lifo to him lost its beauty and its value; but no Christian over fully realised his liim. Every attainment towards the 'completion of tho Christian oliaractor -increased tho desire for furtlior attainmonts. Tho beauty of Christianity revealed itself in every fresh aud moro perfect form, and they were af ill drawn onward by this thought, that thoy would ultimately become like Him 'who was all perfection. Catholic Apostolic Church.— The Rev. R. Appleton delivered a ecrraon last night at tho Catholic Apostolio Church, Quoodb- bcrry-strect, Carlton, on the present war. between Russia and Turkey. Ho ho- licvcd it to bo ono of the signs of the times — one of tlio notes of warning to uiirietondom, tnat tlio end ot tne wonu was at hand. In tho wars that had recently been waged in Europe tho ono power hnd speedily overwhelmed tho other, and thus the horrors of war had been shortened and mitigated ; but in tlio present conflict tlioy rend of thousands killed and wounded al most daily for months with little other re sult than slaughter, A singular feature was that both sides wero hopelessly wrong, nnd fighting for an utterly hnd cause. Tho Turks by their misgovernmcnt nnd tyranny hnd utterly alienated tho sympathy of their Christian subjeots, while Russia laid olaim to tho protectorate of the Christiau subjects of tho Porte, a claim to whioh she lind no right whatever. Tho religion of Mahomet had been a rod chosen by God to scourge eastern Europe, nnd they should wait for God to remove that seourgo in his own good time. The mingling of church and Stale, the priest seeking to undermino tho lawful authority of the civil ruler— spoken of iu ooripture as spiritual adultery — was the' principal agency, .whioh lind brought euch dire confusion aud misory upon the whole of Christendom. In his opinion, tlio final judgmonts of God with Christendom were at the very door, not to dostroy his people, but to open their eyes to their true condition. Let them then humble them selves before God, nnd coufess tlioir sine, ecclesiastical, political and moral. Let'tham keep in memory those solemn words of their Lord, . "Thoso upon whom the tower. of Siloam fell, and nlew them ; think yd that they wore sinnerB abovo all men that dwelt in Jerusalem? I tell you nay, but except ye repent, ye shall all likewise perish;"';-' ' 