I j W t t f e THEATRE ROYAL. The favourite tragedy, " Macbeth," the bill of fare for Saturday evening at the Theatre Royal. As is usual when this play is produced on the last night of the week, the lower-priced portions of the house were crowded to excess. There was also a full attendance in the stalls, and the dress-circle made a fair display. At about 9 o'clock His Excellency the Acting Governor, accompanied by Signor and Signora Majeroni, the Private Secretary, and Aide-de-camp, entered the theatre and was shown to the box next the stage. Of the performance of Macbeth as a whole we cannot speak in terms of high eulogy. It should be remembered, however, that it is by no means an easy task to produce such a heavy play as this for one night,and so the performers deserve to be complimented for the smooth maimer in which the piece ran throughout. There were not many serious steps in the text, and the business had evidently been carefully studied. Locke's beautiful music too was admirably rendered by the company without any outside aid such as is usually obtained; in feet we doubt_ if the musical portion has been better given in Adelaide. The following was the cast:—Macbeth, Mr. Geo. D. Chaplin; Macduff. Mr. H. N. Douglas; Malcolm, Mr. J. H. Rainford; Duncan, Mr. J. Joyce; Banquo, Mr. J. P. West; Donalbain, Miss Dolly Forde; Rosse, Mr. C. Brown; Lennox, Mr. A. Elliott; Seton, Mr. J. Hasker; Bleeding Soldier, J. Hasker; Physician, first Witch and second Officer, Mr. J. J. Welsh; first Murderer, Mr. G. P. Carey ; second Murderer, Mr. Eeading; Hecate, Mr. J. South; second Witch, Miss Rogers; third Witch, Miss Melville ; first Officer, Mr. T. Carey; Lady Macbeth, Miss Ada Ward; Gentlewoman, Miss D. Mainwaring; Fleance, Miss Tilly Francis. This is the second occasion on which we have had an opportunity of seeing Mr. Chaplin in the role of the regicide Thane, and while admitting that he gives an impersonation which is certain to be received with favour by a large number of playgoers, and which in some respects is a capable one, we do not think that it is a studied rendering of a somewhat difficult part. It lacks the light touches which only come with a full and true conception of the character of this physical hero but moral coward—the man whose vaulting ambition enables him to conceive and have the wish to carry out a certain bold though treacherous course of action, but whose mind is too farreaching and timid, and whose will is so weak that it hinders him from doing successfully the evil he has all the desire to compass. Mr. Chaplin's impersonation has not sufficient light and shade. It is like a writing executed with a thick quill pen, which though plain to read is not pleasing in that it lacks fine strokes. His Macbeth is a handsome, soldier-like, headstrong man, having certain superstitious fancies it is true, but only such as might affect any one living in Macbeth's days; robust in mind and body7 and pursuing steadily a preconceived course, affected only by a few transient prickings of conscience. The soliloquy to the air-drawn dagger was impressively delivered, and the ghost scene at the banquet was rendered with much realistic force and passion, but in the parts where Macbeth's weakness of purpose should have been displayed Mr. Chaplin failed. The sudden determination of abandoning the bloody business and his reply to Lady Macbeth's reproaches in the first act for instance, were delivered in a tone of high resolve and manly dignity which would have been appropriate in a character like Othello, bat were altogether unlike the deliverance of such a man as Macbeth. Mr. Chaplin, as before stated, looked the part to perfection and dressed it magnificently. He was repeatedly cheered and was recalled at the end of the play. Miss Ward gave a painstaking rendering to the part of Lady Macbeth, and deserves credit for the intelligence and moderation she displayed. She did not succeed in fully rising to the exigencies of the role, and it was scarcely to be expected that she would, for we understand that she has but recently studied it, and then rendered for the first time. None of the other performers call for special notice, though all acted with a commendable amount of care and earnestness. This evening the "New Magdalen" will be repeated, and on Tuesday Miss Ward will take her benefit, when the performance will be under the patronage of His Excellency the Acting-Governor and a number of influential gentlemen. Miss Ward deserves and doubtless will have a bumper house. THE MAJEBONIS.—This evening the two talented Italian dramatic performers, whose acting was so thoroughly appreciated when they formerly played in Adelaide with Madame Ristori, make their first appearance at White's Booms in English drama. Since their former visit to South Australia Signor and Signora | Majeroni have assiduously devoted themselves to the study of the English language with very great success, so that the pleasure which their splendid acting formerly conferred will be greatly enhanced by the fact that their performance will now be in a tongue which is familiar to all the auditors. They will be supported by a capable stock company, and will present a number of pieces most of which are new to Adelaideans. By appearing in White's Rooms the company will labour under disadvantage in not having a large and fullyappointed stage, but we believe that this obstacle is to be got over as far as possible by making a number of alterations and additions both behind the scenes and in front. The unsightly footlight shades will be removed and a low balustrade plaeed in position to shade the lights, and a space will also be partitioned off for the orchestra. There are a large number of persons who have an insuperable objection to attend at the Theatre who will doubtless welcome the opportunity of witnessing high-class histrionic performances when presented at so favourite a place of resort as this Assembly Room. The piece to be presented this evening is entitled "Jealousy," and is a translation from the Italian. It is described in the Argus and other leading colonial papers as a powerfully-written society drama, and the acting of Signor and Signora Majeroni in the parts of the Marquis and Marchioness of St. Elia has received the most flattering encomiums wherever the piece has been played. We have small doubt that with the present prosperous time in South Australia aud the known and justly-appreciated ability of the principal artists, the Majeroni season will he a pleasant and profitable one. (FOOTBALL.—The Association matches playei on Saturday, July 7, ended as follows:—The Adelaides beat the Bankers by nine goals to love; the Victorians beat the Kensingtons by three goals to love; and the South Adelaides aiid Woodvilles tied, neither side obtaining a goal. HUNTING.—The Adelaide hounds met on • Saturday, July 7, by invitation of Mr. W. Townsend, MJ?., at Pellatt Villa. This is an annual affair, and the cross-country people in considerable force partook of Mr. Townsend'3 hospitality. After the luncheon the throw-off took place beside the villa. Amongst those present we noticed the Master on Sheet Anchor, the Secretary on Rocket, and Messrs. Malcom on Unknown, Bickford on Highover, Barker on Tambro, Blackmore on Forrester (as fresh as ever after his spell), Gilbert on Pioneer, Parr on Glencoe, Beck on Darkie, Turner on The Buck, and a number of others, including boys on several steeplechasers. The run, which was over . the usual line of country under the hills, both out and in, was onfe of the stiffest, we imagine,that the Club have gone over this season. At the first fence from the start Darkie came to grief for the first of, we believe, four times during the run, Mr. Beck breaking a rib at the last fall. This- was the only serious accident; but_ if it were our habit to particularize the spills we could name a large number. All the field got over the Torrens Park double, where, as usual, a numerous party of the fair sex criticised the horsemanship from a little distance. The course out was traversed without mishaps, and then after a short blow the return was begun without the same luck attending the^ field. Coming again into Torrens Park some mistakes took place, amongst which we may mention the carrying away of a top rail by a gentleman well mounted and well up. In crossing the double out of Torrens Park into the road considerable inconvenience was caused by the numerous traps in the way. Here there was a slight show of irresolution on the part of the followers, and Mr. Malcom on old Unknown came to the fore with Mr. Barker on Yambro following. From this there were several falls, so thit the day proved anything but a clean one for either redcoats or ordinary followers. We believe, however, that Mr. Beck's was the only accident attended with more than a shaking. XXX WHITE'S ROOMS.—On Saturday Bachelder's Combination Company closed their season at this place of amusement. An afternoon performance was given, at which there was a large attendance of little folk; who each received some present; and in the evening there was another large audience, who accorded to the various items in the programme unmistakable marks of favour. Mr. C. H. Lay created, as on previons occasions, great laughter, and were rewarded with liberal applause. Mr. Lay has, we understand, decided to cast in his lot with the Pantascope Company, and will accompany the entertainment as lecturer—a post which he is especially qualified to fill. Mr. Lay, who has been employed in our Telegraph Department since his arrival in Adelaide, has by his genial manner and good fellowship made a large circle of friends, who will wish him all the success he can wish himself in his new position. He has received a most flattering communication in reply to his letter resigning his position from the Postmaster- General and Superintendent of Telegraphs, in which Mr. Todd states his regret at losing Mr. Lay's services, and conveys good wishes for his future success. Twenty-six officers of the Telegraph Department have also presented him with a joint letter, expressing their high opinion of him as a man and a fellow employe. The Pantascope will appear at Port Adelaide on Tuesday night. 