&&>& CONDUCT OF A CLERGY- ' MAN. : .FSOJt THE HOME NEWB. . Eidiard Alarsh - Watson, fifty-one," a tall gentlemanly-looking - man, described as an ecclesciastical agent, who pleaded - guilty at the last cessions fo a charge of' sending a threatening letter to a lady at Bath- demanding £200 to her 'With menaces, was brought up for judgement at the Ceutral Criminal Court on June 27- The eirenmstanceB of this case, as stated by- Mr." Digby ! Seymour, were of a veiy painful. and extraordinary character. - The prisoner, -who was formerly -a derk /in holy.- orders,- became., aqqumuted; 'with the family of a gentleman at Bath, -who - was also a clergyman of the Church of Bmgland and. rector pf a paidupear.Bath, and the primner ultima! jiouirried dne of this gentJeman's -daughters. He sab-- sequently went to-reside at Black-heath, jaud his wife's sister," who was the pFo- secntrix upon the 'present -charge, went to , reside with . them.- , The prisoner in the year 1861 seduced' this lady, bis wife's sister, and the result was the birth ffa child. The prosecutxix had 'Sdme money at her command, aud-it -appeared -that very shortly after the paiafdl pjpeor- rerice above mentioned the prisotie r commenced a terrible system of annoyance towards the prosecutrix, jandi Unflet jthe threat that he would -expose , to the world everysniDg tnat flaaiCaKen ptacs Decweep them, he succeeded in obtaining large sums of .money from . her. This continued down to! the year; lf£75, by which time the prisoner had reajfy succeeded in obtaining from the prose-! cntrix nearly the whole of the tnoney'that was in her control, and the prisoned, being probably aware of this fact, desisted from hiB proceedings and libera was fr, Ttill : until fjie month Of . March' o'f:lhe present yjeat At ,thie" time ;tire. proB©- cutrjx, by thb dtqth of her mother, camb iuto possessioncf a smaU sum" of ;nciney, and Vhb'pmonerdhen wrote her a letter , fej yvhigh j»pr jhreWte nrtlfflr;tfflkMgl>o gave him JOO.ie ,wiaia expose the relations that had . existed between them. The learned conbsgl read the' letter that was the subjectpf the charge, aud . saiil that there were good grouods for belice- ifig that Ibeprisoner -was not only7gikUty of this abominable conduct towards the pro8ecntrix, but that fie had also \ been canying oa a most diabolical system ; of neduction' with reference' to other yoong women. It appeared from-a letter in his handwriting that was found at the office where he had lately -been carrying on the bnsiqesEFqf an , ecclesiastical qgent, that he was -urging one yonng Jady to-. live with him as hfer husband. - Another document was also found in the prisoner's office, which tended still more to show his disgraceful conduct, and the learned, counsel said fae -ooald not help expressing his surprise and., horror that a . married man, holding the Sacred office, of the prisoner, should have been guilty of 'such !cpnduct. "The document was in' the following -terms : — " Sept. 23, ,187 6. ; I, Emily — — take you, Richard Hafeh ' Watson. froin this day forth to "he' my wedded husband, and I now ©wear , to )o>q,y6u'faithfaily duijng bpr wedded life, and that I will lawfully marry yon as soon-as yoii are free, and tjiat I - will in the meantime love yon as yonr lawful -wife 5 and lawear.this in the Aaine i of the' Father, . Son, and Holy Ghost- (Signed) Etinnr " \- Mr. - -Digby— Seymour, in conclusion, said that.the judgeurept -had been post poned from the last eessionin order that the prisoner "might put in affidavits in mitigation of punishment, but'as no such affidavits bad been filed, the care 'stood upon the facts as hehad mentioned theifi, and he: would leave -the-, matter in- the ' haiids pt.' the court . Mr. Straight, oh kalmlf Jf Ak;nMMinAP- Mltl - tllflt 'lint: ,fVlr the unusual course that had befen taken by his learned friend in pressing the charge with so much eeverily against the prisoner hb should ! hot in the slightest manner have,. .flllnded-, to, the painfdl reniterg ttiatlufl-bren alluded to, but he hnbimfited'that'tiie conrt ought-uot toip guidedrpjenreT aspect of the case, but tbatShie rirener ' -should- be dealt ; W|th fee he legal: offence he had; oqmi- aijUjd. 'H'Vuhqidd;- not dreyouritj) excose tbe ' conduct a! , ; -prisaher,i'uor might pe cqMidered wera scwneiijustifi- catidn toi- lus demandlot htfdney,tUid he uld cnly uay to his behaif thatVie 'had surfered sevecefyfrom-ficrofnla And: .iha he was compelledTo have one of his legs amputated; r Hujalso sauLthatrfrom thb time the charge iifvas first preferred thq prisoner badViotynstructed-'diis solicitoi ta-pBi, wtogje 1to the prosecutrix itimt could have given her the slightest pain, andThat he had pleada'guilty, and now h5 elfepefitSmeb "what te to state thipt Ibe.mf Abe prisoner wrote the'l&tev;'tq ftupros&utrix; be was consider the sentence he ought to pro- Wd'iat'ihy.thhpriBbner tlnngf herepliedtbktihe wi6 forvriiat he had 1 doraf-but -he lmd' ho totentionj'o:, extort he prorecutrix/"eMfc'3uBticeIiush;iin'paBiiiog been broogfat jbcre himysndiiad come to the conen thSf SEsrts one of heart- ffiewSfeutrixby .threatentog-M jexpose feds ©f whuffihe the documents that were found to' his possession there was no donbt that the prtnreutnx'wias. not'-hisonly victim,': but that for- U long period he hadjbeeu carry ing on a system of getting young women into - his power for the ' purpose- of eeductiori. Under these circumstances he felt that the .least 'sentence he could pass upon- him was -that he be kept in penal servitude for - the space of twelve I,,,",,.'./' 