"THE BLACK MUSEUM." (From the London Spectator.] "Take care how you step, says a cour-<*> teous official, who has preceded the visitor up a staircase in one of the houses in Scot-<*> land Yard, and opened a door on an upper floor; "we are obliged to throw a great deal of this about." The substance in question is a disinfecting powder, inimical to the "moth." The room is a large, bare floored apartment, with barred windows, fitted up with wideshelves, which are divided^ into square compartments.; the centre is occupied by a shelved stand, also divided into compartments, and their contents are liberally sprinkled with the all-pervading powder. The room is that in which the articles of property taken from convicts about to undergo their sentences are stowed away.until they are reclaimed by their owners. The stand in the centre is a recep tacle for objects of the " unlawful-posses sion" class, to which a large room upstairs is also devoted. Overhead is the "Black Museum," in which during the last three yeexe pieces de conviction, which until then had been kept indiscrimately with the other property of'criminals, have been arranged and labelled, forming a*ghastly,Bqualid, and suggestive show. On the lower room the visitor is struck by its odd resem blance to a seedshop. Hundreds of hooks stud the rims of the shelves and the sides of the compartments, and from them are suspended hun dreds of little packets, neatly made up in brown paper, tied with white twine, and severally distinguished by large parch ment labels, each bearing a neat inscription. The packets contain small articles taken from the prisoners, who in due course, after they are discharged from prison, will be brought to Scotland Yard, will have their portraits taken (by force, should they object to that process); the larger tilings are deposited in the compartments of die shelves, and every item, no matter how in significant, is entered in the proper registers. A motley collection are the larger articles, with a preponderance among them of grimy pocket-books and greasy purses—one trim and pretty iand-liasket strikes the visitor's eye—but there are valuable tilings in some of those parcels; and downstairs, in the officials' room, is a massive iron safe, fitted with sliding shelves, in which is kept a large collection of watches, rings, chains, pins, scent-bottles, pencil-cases, and other jewellery, which are either the lawful pro perty of prisoners, or have been found in their unlawful possession and confiscated, but for 'whom no owners have been dis covered. Aiming the watches are some beautiful specimens; one in particular, taken from a 'coatarmonger, and of exqui site workmanship and ornamentation, is valued at £50.. ■ The Prisoners' Property Boom is scrupu lously clean and lady, but the look of it is forlorn and squalid; the powder lies thick on everything^ and the scent of moth and rot is in the air.' Great bales of cloth and woollen stuff occupy the shelves of the central stand. They «re shaken, and beaten, and turned, but all to no avail; the moth and the rot have got them, while the prison has got the unlawful possessors of them, and the unwholesome weirdness peculiar to once worn but long unused garments is upon the articles of wearing appaiel which are hung or folded up in the room. This impression comes mare strongly upon the visitor when he goes up higher still, into the topmost apartment, where heaps of clothing bang- against the walls, some new, some worn. A girl's white-fur jacket behind the door is a mere nursery for moths, a bunch of new boots of several sizes dangling from a peg at the end of a long string is all speckled with a meady mildew; the heaps of shawls have a draggled and furtive look, and some children's clothing has a touch of its inseparable pettiness, even here. Old books, a picture or two, some worth less table ornaments, innumerable ar ticles which could not be described or classed except as odds and ends, form a portion of this collection, which goes on accumulating, and which has no ultimate destination. " What is to become of all this ?" asks the visitor, and is answered, to his surprise, that nobody knows; that the.things are nobody's pro perty, and nobody has the power to do any thing with them—a piece of information which Ttlrpg them more ghastly and night mnrelikft to the imagination than before. An ever-growing dust-heap, formed of thieves' clothing and unlawful possessions, with nobody to cart it aways to distribute it, or bury it out of sight tor evermore; an accumulating banquet alway? spread for the moth, the rust, and the rot—the con tents of those rooms are far from pleasant to think of. It seems supremely ridiculous, but it is a fact that nothing short of a legislative measure could rid the premises of these rotting garments, out of every fold of which one might shake, with the dust, an image of squalor, crime, and punish ment. Outside of the door of the Black Museum is a shelf, in the wall of the landing-place. The visitor passing it is aware of a huddled heap of dirty coats, a serge gown, and a coarse kind of rug, the skin of an pnimai, with the ted and white hair on it. Under the shelf, on the floor, lies some rough pack ing cloth, fie passes lite heap carelessly— there's a little can full of a disinfecting fluid on the same shelf—and enters the Museum. Wiiat are his first impressions of it?. They are various,—that it is like a bit out of a gamekeeper's room, with a bigger bit out of a smith's foige, a touch of a carpenter's workshop, a broad suggestion of a harness-room, something of the marine store complexion (and a good deal of its odor), a hint of the open air stall in front of a pawn shop in a very small way of busi ness indeed, a little of the barrack-room gun-rack, with no "bright barrels" en forced ; a general air of lumber-roonvTOth just a dash of anatomical museum; but above all, and increasing with every moment's prolonged observation, a likeness to the cutlery booth in a foreign fair, with all the knives symmetrically displayed, but unaccountably rusty and dun-biaded, as if the booth had been shut up for half a century, and the salesman and ids customers were all ghosts. Opposite the door, and on the face of the vail to the right, are the objects displayed on a wooden shelf with iron legs, which convey to the visitor a hint of the. open-air stall in front of a pawn-shop in a vety Sinai way of business indeed. A common little looking-glass in a wooden frame, with a foot to it, four Mack glass buttons, tiro whisp? of rope, ajwur, of. trumpery eajxinga xn a cardboard box, two bullets, a pipe, a cluster of soft (now dull) light brown hair wound rounda pad, a comb, a pocket-knife, and a little wooden stand covered with glass are among the most noticeable articles. , On die ahelf to the right are a dirty Praver book, a pocket dictionary, a pair of hoots, a gaudy bag worked in beads, and the crushed remain? of a woman's bonnet, made of the commonest black lace, and flattened into shapelessness. In both these instances the other impressions of the place come in too, for over die shelf fronting the door hang workmen's tools, hammer,'and cleaver, and spade, and beside that, on the right, is just such a bundle as adorns the walls of a marine store; it consists of a gown and a petticoat, of cheap, poor stuff, bearing dreadful dim stains, and a battered crino line. The visitor is in presence of the mean objects which perpetuate here the memory of two peculiarly horrible crimes. The soft brown hair is that of Harriet Lane, the buttons and the earrings are those which were found in the earth where hex body had been buried, the bullets were taken out of her skull, the object under the glass case is the sacred piece of her skin which completed the identification of the body; the wisps of rope dragged her out of the earth under the warehouse; the cleaver, the hammer, and the spade are the implements with which the horrible deed which led to the mur derer's detection was done. The knife was Thomas Wainwright's,the pipe was Henry's, and when the visitor is leaving the Museum he will be shown, in the pack-cloth on the floor under the shelf outside the door, the ' wrapper in which the dismembered body was packed; and in one of the dirty coats— a horrid thing, with its hideous rents and smears—Wainwrighf s vesture on the oc casion. The coat of the captain of the Lennie, with the gash in the cloth torn by the knife of his murderer, andeaten through and through with rotaud moth, is not nearly so disgusting an object; and as for the serge robe of that poor rogue, " Professor Zenda ve?ta," and the hide cloak of the confiscated "anatomical" wax African, who grins awfully in one corner of the Musenm, a real skeleton hand and arm considerately hidden behind him, they are quite cheerful to look at in comparison. The Prayer-Book and the other pitiful objects upon the shelf to the right were found on the body of Maria Clousen, the blood and mud-stained clothes were hers, and they contrast with grim irony, as evidences on unpunished -crime, with the adjoining objects, which tell of one brother hanged and the other in nenal servitude. Along toe wail on Oie right side of die room is ranged a choice collection of guns, crowbars, and "jemmies''—the latter are implements of the housebreaking industry, which admit of oreat variety, and are sus ceptible of highly artistic handling—and among them is a pair of tongs, unevenly rusted, and with a dirJy paper book, written all over, with incoherent sentences attached to it. Hie tongs are those with which a man named Macdonnell lolled his wife about two yean ago. The book is, it seems to the visitor, a record of the various phases of the man's insanity; they hanged him, though, and also the greater number of die proprietors of the horrid, labelled assortment of hammers, knives—■including' the bread, carving, and pocket varieties— razors, and pistols, which suggest a cutler's booth in a fair. There is dried blood on all the knives and razors, and on some of the hammers, and every one stands for a murder or a suicide; in a terrible number of cases, for the murder of. a wife by her husband. Several of the pistols, mostly beautiful weapons, are the instruments of suicide, and each is labelled with the name, date, and place. The simple suicides are almost all among the higher classes of society, and when the visitor asks how the pistol with which a gentleman of wealth and station shot himcujf has come into the keeping of the Museum, he is told, "The family mostly do not like to have it, and so they ask the police to take it away." In a comer bang the clothes of the Rev. J. .Watson, who murdered his wife at Stockwell; the horse-pistol with which he shot her, and the heavy hammer which he bought to knock the nails into the chest in which he proposed to hide her body. So carefully had the murderer washed his trousers and his coat-sleeves that the blood-stains could onlv be dis cerned with difficulty at the tune of the investigation. But since the coat and trousers have been hanging aa the Black Mnseum'e walls the stains have come out close and thick. "We many times notice that here," the visitor ie told. The frightful weapons used by the Lennie mutineers axe here, neatly ranged under the photograph of the ringleader, "French Peter/'and a "group" of the whole gang of ruffians, with a red-ink mark on the four heads among die number to indicate those who were hanged. Hard by is a j bundle of letters, forming the corres pondence which furnished much of the evidence against Margaret Waters, the baby farmer. How much sin, shame, sorrow, and cruelty that small dusty bundle represents! A. small billycock hat, with a mask fastened inside the front rim, into which is packed a purse, a comforter, a small lantern, and a life preserver, with a terrific knob of lead on it, is quite a cheerful object to turn to from all these grim relics of worse crimes, though the burglar who formerly owned tie life-preserver informed the police who j seized, but also rescued him, having come up on hearing his cries when he was caught between the iron bars of a window through which he was escaping, on a false alarm, that he had thoroughly intended to "dofor" any one who should interrupt him, with that convenient weapon. A bundle of flash notes, Bank of Elegance issue, for which there is a fixed price, and a brisk sale on racecourses among betters who can enlyread imperfectly or not at all; the conjuring book of Professor Zendavesta, which always opened at the same page, the only one on which there is a worked horoscope; the wretched cheat's ill-spelled accounts, which reveal the stupendous credulity of the people, for they record an average of 500 visitors a week; and the letters addressed to him, chiefly by women, at least sufficiently edu cated to know better; these are almost amusing, after all that has been seen before* A forged betting ticket, which got the forger into trouble at the Nottingham races, is a curious and ingenious example of per verted cleverness. The forged ticket is identical with the real one to aUappearance On very close inspection one sees that it is better printed {baa the genuine article. A. large assortment of burglars' tool* is not the least suggestive object here. The weapons of the thieves' war upon society are models of good workmanship, and of the adaptation of means to ends. When the neatest "centre bit" of the carpenter's shop is compared with the deft, swift, noiselessly- working implement which goes into an iron shutter as a cheesemonger's scoop goes into a "fresh Dutch;" when one looke at the wedges of finely-tempered steel, working between zinc erae-bites; at the two home made dark lanterns, contrived with extra ordinary cleverness out of a mustard-tin and a metal matchbox respectively; at the rope-ladder, the " beautiful little jemmv," in a carefully-buttoned red flannel case —this small, tool is made of a piece of a driving-wheel belong ing to the finest machinery, and the metal was, of course, stolen to make it—at the bright, slender skeleton keys; at the footpads, which are enough to make one start at every creak of one's boards and stairs, however slight; at tits safe-breaking tools, which make one think there's nothing like the old stocking in the thatch after all —one is amazed at and sorry for tha mis used clevernessand perverted inventiveness to which these things testify. Among the skeleton keys is one delicate little contri vance, which at a first glance one might take for an ornament for a lady'B chatelaine. It isin reality a double instrument for pick ing latch- keyholes—one part forming die key, and the other lifting the spring. This pretty trifle was made from the brass-clasp ! of a purse, and used with such euccess by the inventor that in a short time he found hitnself in prison. While one is actually inside the Black Mimnfim one cannot feel amused at anything; but by the time one has turned into the Strand, the impression of the dreary reliquary of crime has so far passed away that one can smile at the story told of the impudent simplicity of this poor, clever thief. " When he was discharged from prison," said the Curator of the Black Museum, as he restored the delicate, dang ling little bit of vflhuy to ite place, " the man came here, and asked us to let him have it back!" 