THE MYSTERIES OF' CRIME; ob, The Exfebiences of an Edinbubgh Detective.—No. XXXV. [Published by special arrangement with the Author.] A MAIDEN'S SACRIFICE. [Sequel to "Found Dkowned."] From the top flat of a liigli land at the foot of Adam-street a sick man looked away across the Queens Park, with its swelling hills and skirting of dark green trees, and out on the glittering sea beyond. The prospect was lovely and bright as the eve could wish to dwell on; yet when the sick man brought back his eyes they were filled with tears, and as he turned away a stifled sigh broke from him, and caught the quick ear of one whom his eyes had travelled PflA.iice "Wood dropped the white seam at which she had stitched so diligently since daybreak, sprang up, and was at her father s bedside in a moment. "Father—oh, father! There was a sudden alarm shaking her as she got the words out, and she gently pulled round his face and kissed the tears from his eyes. Strange, as fast as they disappeared thus they seemed to get into her own. "I can't help it, Alice," broke forth the father at last, "You may as well know the truth soon as later. I will never be better in this world—I know_it, for I feel death at my heart." Her hands were away now—away to hide the deathly whiteness that spread over her own face, stopping her tears, and almost the beating of her heart itself. " No, no, don't say that!" she groaned out. "I tell you it shall not be; I will work harder, and we will get another doctor a professor—anything, only you must not die!" ' " , "It is useless—doctors can do me no rrood. They do not understand my case," returned the father, with settled conviction. " All those young students who come here admit as much, and I heard them say that the professor himself, who has been here, is 110 clearer on the point." Not all, father. That young man Gordon, though he says -nothing to them, and hardlv ever looks at you—I feel, certain he understands your trouble. He lias hinted as much to me already." " That man again!" said the father, with a little testiness. "Tell me now, Alice, truly, and once for all, do you like him— . love him?" The answer came, clear and firm— • "I do not. I never dreamt of such a thing. How could I when I am engaged heart and soul to David Wilson ?"• The slight cloud vanished from thefather's face, and "lie drew her gently towards him. " I am ill, indeed, when I fear for my noble, good lassie," he murmured, in self\x=req-\ reproach. "But this is a terrible city for a yonng girl who is poor and beautiful j and I am to die and leave you unprotected " She had interrupted , him by laying one finger on his lips, and with the other hand pointing upwards. Her eyes were bright, but her voice quivered as she spoke. "Father, you are not to die, nor ami unprotected;" then wreathing her arms about his wasted form, she whispered— " Have you forgotten Mother ?" A choking mumble was the answer. "Do you remember her last words to me ?" continued the noble girli keeping her face close to his, so that he could not see her tears. "Icould never forget them— no, never while life lasts. They were, 1Alice, in all your struggles—and you may have many—do not forget what I j have taught you j remember, death, rather than infamy.'" " My own dear lassie," murmured the father, drawing her-closer. And the struggles have come, far more terrible than ever she dreamt of, and only left you purer and .nobler." Early and late you are at it—working yourself to a shadow, denying yourself every comfort and happiness f oi? me." She had stopped him again in the .old ; familiar fashion,-with her finger across his lips, and her answer afterwards came back to his memory with a fearful vividness. " "Would you have me a monster ?" was her gentle reply. "No, father, it.is no struggle to serve you. All my interests are swallowed up in the one thought—my father.; To save you I would give up all—life itself. For your sake I can even be pleasant and smiling when this young man appears; for, mind you, I am convinced tliat he, and he alone, holds your life in his hands. You smile; but wait till you are better, and then you will know it." " And yet," said the father, " in spite of. his handsome face and brilliant talk lie is a heartless libertine. I have read that much in him." r "All, but I have read more," continued 1 Alice, " for be bas always talked more to me.' His ideas of women are horrible," and she"shuddered as she spolre. " I thought I would have sunk into the earth when he uttered them. And yet he only laughed at me, and called me a silly child." " He is a bad man, and you must beware :of him, for he may fix his evil eye on yon," said the father. " Such men only see beauty and virtue to' crush them ruth lessly." . \- ^'Father, I am safe, as in my mother's I bosom," and the devoted girl looked , upwards with a radiant face. " But I must [ also be brave, and strong, aud ready to endiu'e much for your sake. I could not face my mother in heaven otherwise." "Ah, the time-was when I needed no such charity doctors to come bungling about me," cried the father, with some bitterness, "but those days are gone now, and I have only- " "Only me left !" cried the girl, with a bright "smile, that no gloom could stand against for a moment. " Only think how happy we ought to be having each other— all to ourselves." The above conversation, which I have given as nearly as possible .as it was after wards detailed , to meby the father, gives the reader , a glimpse of the nature and posi tion of the humble characters in this sketch in far less space than I would take to. de scribe them. George Wood had been neither thriftless hoi1 improvident, though he had seen better days. He had simply been visited by heavy misfortunes, as you or I may be Visited at any time, be, our prospects ever so bright or cheering. And his daughter Alice—I wish I could give her whole pages justead of a few lines, Her whole life, from childhood up, had been a continual toil and struggle of devotion to her father. He had long been incapable of violent exertion, and latterly so reduced as to be almost at death's door, but his weak ness only seemed to draw; him closer to her heart, and callforth her redoubled exertions. Did he crave for wine or any such delicacies" as never visited their humble dwelling?—■ then she got them. By what hours of weary toil she got them, God only knows; for I know the pay of. a shirt-maker, and cannot find the minutest margin for such things. Yet they were got—and got honestly. There was no assistance from without. Of that there was a touching proof, which I may give here. Chance had thrown in her way a young man in every way worthy of her, and to him she had given a love that only such a woman can feel. Yet, though they were irrevocably engaged, with the distinct understanding that they were to be man and wife as soon as her father got well, neither father nor daughter would accept the slightest assistance at his hands, however delicately offered. The fact is, that the two were brimful of that good old Scotch independence, which now-a-days is .certainly not to be met with every day in the week. .. But now there was a faint brightening m her prospects. Among* .the. students sent by. the Dispensary to visit her father was the .Richard Gordon they had spoken of. In spite of his flashy exterior, his cleverness, and his wealth—for he was a gentleman's son—I am certain that Alice inwardly abhorred this man, and shrunk from him in unsullied purity as the sensitive plant does from the human touch. But then he held out hopes of life and health to her father— ah, that" altered matters *, she would try at least to be civil with him. He assured Alice that he but waited for certain symp toms in her fathers case to appear, when he would at once give the dolts who were managing the case the route? and. take the sole management himself. Much more than this had passed between them—much that I dare not repeat, and that the poor father could never have dreamt of his daughter having to listen to. Tim fact is that Richard Gordon, under a fair exterior, was a low, mean scoundrel, whom I wish I could spit before the world's gaze. The beauty of the gentle and devoted Alice had caught his eye, and, like a wayward child coveting a costly flower, he had deter mined to possess it, were it only to crush it in his own grasp. . . __ The same day, and shortly after the above conversation had taken place, the three students appeared and went through the usual consulation and examination. Richard Gordon, as,usualj took little or no interest in their .proceedings, but turned all his attention to the window at which Alice was seated at. work. But when the other two noted the fact that the patient was slowly sinking, and in whispers , con fessed themselves more puzzled than ever, he seemed . suddenly to rouse himself. He ; left the window and approached the bed, while Aliee wonderingly followed. Little more than a glance at the patient.; seemed to suffice, and he turned sharply, on tbe other two. " You admit that you do not understand the symptoms ?" he said aloud. " Certainly," stammered the other- two, a little confusedly. hlVe do not under stand them." " Then I will tell you what they mean. "With your present course of treatment they mean a gradual sinking, ending, in death. Nay, don't start, Mr. Wood," he. added to the alarmed patient, "for I believe you have thirty or forty years'life in you at this moment. But your treatment must he en tirely changed. From this minute "I take the case into my own hands—do you both agree?" '• * " We agree," reluctantly answered the other two students. "And I attend it alone ?" "Certainly; as you please." " Theu you need remain no longer-now. I will go and make up-the prescription my self, and return with,it at once." - ■ No rnbre was said about it, hut as1 they left he managed to whisper to Alice— "Be at home when I return; I wish to speak to you alone." ' • The words were simple enough, but the look that accompanied them sent a paug.of dread to her heart, and the half-hour was spent in yague and torturing questionings of herself and lier conduct. Had she done Wrong in appearing friendly to such a man ? or had sne failed to make him under stand distinctly that she was engaged to another ? Strange, even, now there was no foreshadowing of the first terrible.sacrifice tbat she was to he called upon to make. Richard Gordon returned with the re quired medicine in his hand, and an unusual elation in his whole mien. Shortly after the draught had been administered tbe patient sank into a gentle slumber, and the young man, who had remained watching by the bedside, rose witb a smile of triumph on his lips, and motioned Alice to the door. He drew her out to the deserted stair-head, and there he poured into her ears a rush of sounding nonsense, which doubtless-had. often been successfully used before, but which only caused the girl;, before him to shrink back in pained surprise. " I have told you already that I am en gaged to another," was her simple reply, as soon as she could get a word in, " therefore. I think the common honor of a gentleman ought to seal your lips on such a subject to me." "Honor? who thinks of honor where love is concerned ?" cried the villian, with well-simulated desperation. " All is fair in. war. I have learned, to love you, Alice, and possess you I will, though the whole world stood in the way." "You speak rashly, sir," replied Alice, curbing the indignation swelling for utter ance in her bosom. " Did it never strike you that my consent was necessary to such an arrangement ?" •: " It did. Your consent I now ask." "I have already shown you that it is beyond my power to confer it," was' the calmreply. " Impossible? that is a fool's word !" he hissed out, grasping her slender wrist with the force of a vice, and for the moment actually looked the demon that he was. "There is no such word with me. I will force you to yield!" "Force? echoed' Alice,contemptuously, measuring him from head to. foot. "I do not understand you, sir." " Then I: will make my meaning plain to I you. Your father's life is in my hands; if I but withdraw my attendance for one day, he will sink and die." I hope, for the honor of humanity eveu in its basest form, that tlie villain spoke tlie truth—tliat tlie whole was not a cock and-bull story invented to serve bis own ends. He was capable of lying, and worse; but the wbole tbing now lies buried far beyond buinan ken; so I can only bint at tbe possibility, and let tbe matter drop. As for Alice, tbe awful meaning of_ tbe word "force" bad broken on ber now in a sudden blaze of ligbt. The blood rusbed back to her heart, and she staggered back, cowering and shivering. And yet be could smile down on ner agonies, and even attempt to draw her quiverino- frame towards him. But she shook bfm off, the tears rusbed into her eyes, and her bands were clasped in wild " Oh, you could never do that. It would be sheer murder," she cried., " Ob say that you were only jesting.". « Ah, you have foundjjyourjongue now, be sneered. "And call it murder, too; yet you never seemed to think that your re fusal would be death to me." _ " Oh but you will not do it. You wiLL forgive me," tearfully replied the girl. " You will save my father, and try to forget . me, and I will pray for you and bless you till my dying day." . " I wiU do everything but give you up. was the callous reply. "There is a rival, I don't know that lie is anything great. I I don t Know tnai ue ctuj wuu0 ^^1-. * have no wish even to^ see him, ^but you must choose between him and me." " Alas! I have already chosen. ^ « 'pbeu you wish your father to die. "Oh, no, no, no," hysterically cried the girl, dropping on her lmees on the cold steps, and piteously clinging to her tempter. " You will not let him die. " I swear to heaven I will," returned the blasphemouswretch. "Think—your father s life and my love on one side, and tins notion of yours on the other—which is the stronger or more weighty ?" and he shook her off, and turned to descend the stair. " My father '."she screamed, springing to her feet and catching hold of his arm. " Save my father." . " Then you consent ?" he eagerly cried. «I—I—consent," she vacantly returned, with a sudden faintness at her heart, and a grasp at the stone buttress for support. « Dear Alice, how happy you have made me," he said, taking her cold hand within his own. " Why do you not smile F "Happy ?—yes, yes, happy,"she vacantly returned.' "But I cannot smile—indeed I cannot." • , , , . . He tried to kiss her, hut she shrank shivering away, with one hand held up like an impassable barrier between them.' " Not yet—oh, not yet," she implored, "1 miist learn to—-to forget him first." . > But remember, you have given me your word, you cannot draw hack." .. " I cannot draw hack," she mechanically repeated. " Would you let me go in now ? I feel as if something had come over me all at once." ■ , «. "Stay—one moment—repeat after me these words,' On condition that I saveyoui \- father's life."' - „ . , " On condition that you save my father s life." The words came out slowly and mechanically as before, every syllable cost ing the speaker a terrible effort. " And as soon as he is well, I consent t° become yours — for life," dictated the monster in conclusion, " And as soon as he is well, I consent to become yoiu's." "For life," added the villain, with an imperious stamp." : '"For—life." " Which I swear, by all that is holy. Which I swear—I cannot say the rest," said the girl, with a shiver. " I think I will go in now. It is so cold here—and I want to he alone." And thus they parted. Alice returned to the room, shivering in the warm sun light, and ~ a mere ghost of what she had been wben sbe went out; but tbere was no. eye to notice the change. She sat down by : the bedside of her slumbering fatherland her eye travelled1 vacantly to the sunlight, skimming birds und green hills without. Hours glided by, but she never "stirred. At last the sun began-to' decline; and then her father stirred and opened his eyes. There was a faint flush on his cheek, and for the first time for many a weary month a glad smile on his lips. " I am better," he : miumiired. " Oh, Alice, my. own dear lassie, 1 am to live after all." , Alice had turned her face from the light, so he, could not notice the awful : change; and now, when, her face sank and sank till it was buried in the pillow,, he laid the action tb a very different feeling than the real one. - - . " You are glad, too," lie joyously whis pered. " Kiss me, my bairn." She did so—passionately, desperately— hut her lips were cold as -virgin ice, and not a tear fell from her dry and fiery eyes. "Alice, are you wellF" He was half startled, and looking.at her curiously. .- "I am—perfectly," was the light reply, got out with an ease that astonished her- { ;self. " Ah, it's my trouble that makes you so strange and nervous," said her father, sink-i ing back again. "But there are bright I days in store for us now, and we will be so happy. Oh, how. thankful I am this night,".. , , r Yes, we will be happy," she repeated with a weary, shivering sign, drawing closer, to her father. "Very happy." "And then you will get married, continued the sick "man. "Poor Davie; he has waited so patiently and so long. How my heart warms to him." He deserves you, Alice: and "you will make him a true and . goodjwife." " Oh, father, father, don't speak like that." The words came in a groaning burst that almost mounted to a scream. "Why, what—what have I said?" ex claimed the sick man in surprise. "Nothing; only I can be married, but never to David Wilson." "What? Are you dreaming, lassie, or are you out of your senses ? But I see how it is; it is some lovers''quarrel, which you will forget in an hour. Now, there's his step on" the stair—no .more of that, but away you go, and see and come in happy and smiling." A tap at the door and the entrance of her lover put an end to the conversation. The sun had gone down now, and the deepening twilight alone lighted the room, but never before had Alice been so thankful for the darkne8S:in presence of-her affianced. In the hours of silent thinking she had steeled her heart for the coming trial, but now that moment had arrived, for the first time she felt an inclination to waver, Bat it was pressed back—the joyous intoealnng j of liglit was shut out with desperate force, and she followed her lover from the house knowing that it was the last time she was to lean on his arm and receive his smile. Still1 the words huii? bade, till_ at last his jovful anticipations in connection wife the evident improvement in her father a health forced them out. Then came a terrible scene. They were shrouded in night, away down in the Queen's Park; but a stifled sob frdm Alice cauglitliis ear7 and froze the words on his lips. . " Good God ! Alice, you are frying," he exclaimed, stopping her, and trying to get a glimpse of her face.- "Have I said anything wrong P" "Nothing—nothing/' was the chok'ng reply. "Oh, David, you could nit o'i. :d me now—I know your heart too well; but you must prepare yourself for a great shoclc. We. must part to-night—and for ever. I can never be your wife." "Not be my wife!" he got out,- in petrified astonishment. " Why, what on earth has put that idea into your head ?" " It is no idea—it is a fixed, irrevocable fact," was the unflinching reply. " David! it is cruel—terrible—and I think it will kill me to give tip you—but it must be." , •, , > "Why must it be?" tenderly asked her lover, trying in vain to soothe her hysterica! sobbing. " Your father wishes it, and you have made me believe you love me—what, then, can possibly come between us ?" Alice's reply was but one little word— "Duty." "Duty!" echoed the lover, blazing up at last. "Is it your duty to disobey your father's command, and break all the laws of God and man by throwing my love to the winds? "When this strange notion took your head, did you not think of my feelings? You are my world now—all my future is wrapped up in you—and to lose you. would kill me." _ "Oh, Davie, Davie! Don't, dont! moaned the shrinking girl. " Kill me at once rather." The young man peered down _ through the darkness, and his own face whitened at i her emotion. I " It is no jest," he groaned. " These are real tears and shudders. W hat has brought this about? Where now is all your boasted love?" . . , " Here—here!" screamed the poor girl, striking her breast—" here—killing me I": There was a fearful pause.. ; "Alice," he hoarsely began, "tell me what is at the bottom of all this._ Tell me plainly why you cannot be my wife ?" « Because—oh, Davie, you will think- me cruel, heartless, and treacherous, but indeed vou are wrong—because I have sworn to marry.another!" " And that other is the fine gentleman student that has been attending your father ?" cricd fee lover, with a wild drive of his hand into the darkness. "I have not been quite blind. His fine speeches and stories have made you think a working man something beneath you. I feared it— Heaven knows, I feared it! and you can croucli there, mincing liar that _ you are, and say that you love me still "Oli—oli!" ' Two faint cries—a wild pressing of her hand on her heart—and Alice had dropped in a faint at his feet. Then a revulsion Ct "Oli, God! what have I done ? 1 have, killed her!" He lifted her in his arms, and ran with her straight to the little stream running down from St. Anthony's Well, and there the cold water brought her back to her woes and his reproaches. _ ' He argued—he reasoned—he implored— lie entreated—nay, he even wept; but in vain. She had but one answer.— "Oh, Davie—if you have .one spark of love for me left, take me home." The return $ yepetition of the -'wild entreaties, witli the steady answel'— "My oath—oh, Davie, remember I have sworn it," though" why she had so sworn she resolutely refused to tell. ;. _ The parting at the stair-foot was a quarrel' fierce and hot on the one side, and "calm, - frightfully calm, on the other. _ Secretly ber lover had resolved not to give her up, but merely leav.e her . to herself for a few days; but outwardly .he left, her with a curse on: her future ;and on the man who had so effectually estranged her heart from his own,. '. ; But the days ..Went by Without any change or recall on her! Jart. Her father's health mend.ed steadily—he was -able to leave his bed—and one day he even got down the stair and :outside, leaning on his daughter's arm, and took half- anJiour in the sunlight. Then Richard Gordon pronounced him cured, and notified liis intention to discontinue his visits.. The words were a knell to Alice, though the father secretly rejoiced that at last they would, get rid of ,the man who, he felt certain, had wrought such'a frightful change on his daughter. JJut neither knew tlxe'scoundrel they had to deal with—a second trial was in store for Alice, and a still more terrible misfortune for her father. . On visiting his patient for the last time] he drew Alice out with him to the stair head and there, for tke.first time, let out a word that sent the blood back in a . chill to her heart.. " It is not your heart I want," he said, in reply to one of her repeated warnings. "It is you—yourself. I want you to leave your father, and come and live with me— live like the best lady in the.land" " And this—this was what you made me swear to ?" she gasped,pressing her hand on: her breast, and eyeing him steadily. " You; did not'mean to marry me ?" . " Many you ?—ha,ha,, ha '.—you amuse: me. Your look of simplicity is well put; on, but it is of no avail with me. You knew all along what you. swore to, and cannot get up any trumpery reasons for evading the: payment now. You must give faith for faith. I haye saved your father, and I now; claim the price." ■ " That is me." "It is," and he-tried to'-draw her close: and kiss her white lips. She hurled him off with a force that made him stare. " Do you know," she Said in slow, steady , tones, "that there is no reproach, no term of infamy, that I ;think vile enough to heap . on your-craven head?" : i I He laughed lightly. ! " That'does not concevn me," he replied. I " I hope'you do not mean that as a prelude to breaking your oath ?" " I do not. Ob, Heaven above me knows I do not." " Then you will give vourself up to me ?" "I will." <*Wken?" "To-monw." t , .1 > „ He neither understood the look that ac companied the reply nor troubled himself to try. Careless, heartless, and selfish, he tinned away, saying— " Won't you kiss me ?" " Never—never in this world." " Ah, I will risk that. Will you be ready for me to-morrow night ?" " I will heready." " Ah, then you wiB get away from here, and know something of happiness." "I will—yes, I will." Them were no tears in her eyes, hut her fervid upward glance and wildly clasped hands astonished him. . ' ^ " At 9, then, I will wait for you at the foot of the stair." -" I will he ready—before then: She got the words out and found herself standing alone, trying to call hack some color to her cheeks, and not think of what was before " Death rather than infamy—mother said 1 it on her dying bed, and she must have been right," she feverishly reasoned.: "But .1 cannot go in and face my father now; lie would read it all in my face. Strange, 1 feel calm now—calm at last, and so peace ful. But the shock may kill my father." What can I do to soften the blow ?• I will write—write to Auntie Jane ^ to tell him, and by the time she gets it I will bey-safe. She trailed wearily into a neighbors bouse and sent down for some note-paper. She began writing, but it seemed as if she would never get finished. Sheet after sheet was filled, and still her pen hurried on. The sun went down, and then she carefully gathered the sheets together, sealed them up, and addressed them like an^ ordi nary letter. Then she sent in to see if her father was asleep, and learning that he was, she stole in and remained beside Mm alone for some minutes. What took place at that parting no human being can tell, for no eve witnessed it but her own. When she came out again the woman noticed that " she was white and scared-looking." &he; scribbled a line and gave it unfolded to the woman to band to her father when he asked for her. It-only said— "Father—I have heen troubled,_and 1 have gone away for a while. Auntie Jane will tell you all in a day or two." Tbeu she kissed the woman's two children and vanished. She must have gone to Ni cholson-street first, for there the letter containing a minute account of the whole affair was weighed and posted. The next place she was heard of was at St. Leonard s. A child had fallen in the gutter and spilt some milk, dirtied its' dress, and cut its forehead. " A kind lady, very white, and with staring eyes," had picked it up, wiped, its dress, soothed and kissed the pani from its forehead, and finally produced a purse to make up the loss. But in getting out the purse a thought seemed to strike the "land lady," for she placed the pm-se bodily in the child's hands. . . „ "There are only a few coppers in it, she said, " hut will you keep the purse for my sake?" c "Yes," said the child, with a hurst ot Gratitude, " and I will kiss you now." . | ° But the "kind lady "began to cry. a No I—I cannot let you kiss me," she said at last. " It makes me suffer when little cMldren kiss me. Run home now, and always love your father and mother." But the child would not stir. It threw down the purse and would be kissed, so the "kind lady" gave in and kissed it, and cried a great dealj and cuddled it close, and put the purse in its hand, and went away to the Queen's Park. No one else afterwards turned up who had seen her alive. She was found, as I have described already, drowned in Dud din^ston Loch, with only the scrap of paper • containing the words—" Oh, God! forgive • me if I thus end it all; I " i V ' The handkercMef marked with her ini .palsied to key beip.g: claimed by the wrong persOli. ' Her father might 116V6i'-' learned her fate had not the letter to her aunt domeback to .him in about a week thfoiigb tbe pDead-detter Office.;: He read it from beginning to end, put on bis coat and bat, and walked up to the quadrangle of the College. There he had waited till the medical students filed, out, when he sprang forward and" thrbttled and dragged Richard Gordon into the centre of the crowd.' . A great circle formed about them, -.but.for- some moments ;the maddened and bereaved father was too excited to be able to get out one word. Then lie hurled, the craven scoundrel-down oiv the ground, and o-ot the whole story out in a passionate, eloquent burst. Tears were in; his eyes as he appealed to the silent, respectful crowd, with his grey hairs streaming in the wind,] and his withered and shaking hands wring-! in"- ceaselessly, and in a way that the! stoniest heart could not have resisted. Tears and smothered sobs , joined bis own, and there was many a half-averted bead and furtively-wiped cheek before he bad finished. Edinburgh students may be a I -wild, harum-scarum lot, hut as a class they are (jmtlemen, with; proud, Scottish blood < in their veins, and with warm, impulsive hearts in their breasts. As the old . man : finished and pointed to the abject wretch ; on the ground, there was a yell such as the old grey walls never echoed before or since. They closed upon the 'scoundrel with a rush, a dozen hands grasped the.; back of his collar, and when there was no more' collar to hold on by they took. his. hair • instead. They kicked him—scores of. legs ; at a time—all the way down to the great gate with a heartier zest; than, ever they snowballed a policeman or wrenched a: street-knocker. His coat came away in strips, half of his hair followed it, and still; the busy legs and feet(went at it behind' him, till, with a great liullabulloo and rush,: : they came down through the arch to the i • street, when they hurled him, bleeding, ■ torn, and completely crestfallen, in the! gutter, and in a unanimous shout placed' him in " Coventry " for evermore. But though beaten" and for ever disgraced,: Richard Gordon was determined still to j snarl and show his teeth. He called the ' nearest policeman and at once gave the old. 1 man in custody on a charge of assault, j And so the thing came to the office.: and the whole history was. discovered,j The old man was bound over to appear , next day and answer the > chai'ge, but I am happy to say that the" trial' never took place. A hand came, between the ; malicious complainant .and his. intended1 victim, which neither he nor any one else s coiild avert. Very little sometimes letsout' a life, and to record the death of a scoundrel, I will honestly confess, gives me more pleasure tliaa pain, la, the nee of the dissecting knife Gordon had poi soned one of his hands. He insisted till too late on treating it himself. His arm was removed, hut the mischief was done. Mortification supervened, and in little more than a fortnight he was as cold as the poor girl whom he had hunted down. Over the spot where Alice. lies buried there is a exquisitely carved stone, repre senting' a young girl, a martyr, looking upwards with ethereal gladness, with.her hands meekly folded across her breast. Below is inscribed— In Memory of A L I C E W O 0 If, . Who was Found DrowhedA Erected by a Few Friends, of her bereaved Father. All honor to them. The "few friends" were the Edinburgh medical students. . The employes of the South Australian Gas Company held their annual picnic on Fri day, February 23, at Reynella. The party started from town early in the morning in four of Hill & Co.'s four-horse 'buses, headed by the Coneordia Band; A stay was i made at Host Lowe's, the Maid of Auckland Hotel, for break fast, which was thoroughly enjoyed, the morn ing air having sharpened the appetites of the excursionists. After breakfast astartwasmade for Reynella, which was reached about II o'clock. Games of various kinds served to fill up the time till dinner was announced. A capital repast having been done; ample justice to, cricket, croquet, and other amusements were entered upon and carried out with zest til! evening, when a ball wound up the day's festivi ties. After the ball the party returned to town, which was reached in safety early on Saturday morning. The anniversary services of the Bible Christian Church, Bowden, commenced on Sun day, February 25, when sermons were preached, morning and evening, by the Rev. James Rowe, from Melbourne. The text of the morning's sermon was Revelations xiv.' c., 6 and 7 v., on which Mr. Rowe founded an excellent discourse. In the evening he preached from Revelations iii. c., 20 v. The congregations on both occa sions were large and attentive. Mr. Rowe came to this colony in the year 1850 with the Rev. James Way, and left 10 years after for Melbourne, where he has remained since. He is a practical earnest preacher, and has a pleasing delivery. In the afternoon, Mrs. Pearce, a lady recently arrived from England, preached to a crowded congregation, from Revelations xx. c., 11 and 12 v., '• And I saw a great white throne," &c.; As a lady preacher is rather a rarity, it may he allowable to notice her appearance and manner. She is of medium height, rather slight build, slightly nervous, and almost inau dible until she warms up with her subject, when she becomes rather excited. There was no display of taste in her dress; in fact the utter lack of it must liaye been, painfully striking to the female portion of her audience. She ap peared to be reading her sermon for some minutes after starting, but in a little while abandoned her manuscript, and poured fortlvan unbroken rushing torrent of words, scarcely pausing sufficiently to separate her sentences, or even the different parts of her subject. Her accent is provincial, and some of her expressions peculiar. For instance she frequently made an assertion and followed it with a question; thus —"We shan't spurn this earth when it is reno vated—shall'we? : It will be all for the best then—won't it?!' The pitch of her voice, and the absence of modulation, are rather trying to the hearer, and we should think to the speaker also. We have not made these remarks in any unfriendly or hypercritical spirit, but when a woman comes forward as a public preacher she lays herself open to fair criticism. There can be no doubt of her earnestness in the cause of religion. She is not wanting in imagination, has a good memory, and a fair command of language. At times she .becomes impassioned^ in; her delivery, and almost rises to eVqueng^ Though she might not take wi^h ^ iughly intel lectual audience, we Can Imagine that many would likf preaching. She preached for tnM6-qUarters of an hour, but allowing for re petition the discourse might very well have been delivered in 30 minutes, A tea and public meeting will be held this evening in continua tion of the anniversary services, The City Coroner held two inquests oil Saturday, February 24. The first was held iu the afternoon at the Oddfellbws'Arms, Bowden, on the body of a child a month old, the daughter of Henry Hughes, who was an immigrant by the Lochee. If appeared that the change of the froni tstregie h?$t t<? cvlfl.bad caused. its IlineSs, and a verdict of death from, natural causes was returned. In the evening an in quest was held at the Hotel Europe on the body of a little boy: aged nearly three' years, the 'son of Edward Bonnett, saddler, of Grenfell-sfrieet, who had accidentally taken apt poison.The poor little fellow went with his mother on the afternoon of the previous day to visit his grand mother, who resides in Hihdleystreet,, and while'the servant jwafe out of the room.he jdrank some., ant poison that had been placed jty a pattypan beneath a dresser on fhe Kitchen floor to'destroy"the ants. Mrs. Boiinett gave the child a couple of dosed of antimbnia! wine, .and as it occasioned much vomiting, and the patient appeared, better, she thought he would be all right after a night's sleep. Aboui 3 o'clock on the following morning, however; he appeared miich Worse, and died before a doctor, who was immediately sent for, arrived. ' The jury re turned a verdict of accidental poisoning; drew the attention of parents to the danger of.leaving poisonous mixtures iti places within the reach of children; and expressed their sympathy with the parents of the deceased. ' • / 