ARCHBISHOP VATJGHAH'S LT5NTBJN 'SERMONS. No. 3.— Grace, On Sunday evening lent, Sfc. Mavy'o Caibedrol was again crowded to eseeao. Very good orde? wag preserved! during tba delivery of fcho sermon : — Ilia Grace apolre aa fol.lowa : Wg havo them deliberately made up our mindo, come what wiP0 to attain the end for v/hioh vre wora oreatedj, that is to gain Hetivon end avoid Hell ; and to do this by fulfilling tlio will of our Creator, Redeemer, and Sanct?flov during the remainder of our life on earth . The beauty of the Heavenly Court bar: attracted aa : the horrora of the flaraO' pp.lp.ceri of. holi have terrified us. T1ig tlioughb of tha paofc, of our many ingratitudes, of go much valuable time npenfc either foolishly ov siniullyj, or a'e. best carelessly, Cannes v.a to feel that wo have no time to loae, and that our trifling muafc now, onco for all, come to an end. Mcay thoughts have penaed through our mine? a during tho last fortnight, suggested by our medltationo which have tended to sober us considerably, and we see with a clearer light than heretofore what our real permanent interest; is, and how earnest and determined we should be in working out our salvation. Bssideo the thought of tho nature of sin has affected our he&rta.; We know how often we have rebelled. We are moro conscious than ever of the malice and ingratitude of cuch rebellion, and only wonder hor; it is that the Almighty God has borne with U3 co lontf. Worms of the earth that we aro, miserable, helpless wretches ! poesaseing nothing except what God hag given us ; our very power of aicniag ia given us by him ; and v?e, in onr foul baseness, turning Bis gifts to us against Himself, and insulting His Msjes'oy with fcbafc very will, with that very tongue which Ha bestowed on us that we might love Him with our hearts, and prai3o Him. amongst Hia orea'cuves. Many a time, and had He cnt our thread of life — many a night, had the thief como and robbad us of our treasure, where should wo be now ? O Lord ! where ? Wo chould be vainly and for ever beating against the bara of hell., agonizing in tho pain of lone, and anfferlng in all our spiritual nature through the penetrating fire-salt created for our punishment. We have not only meditated on the terriblo peril in whioh sin has time after tirno cast uq, but we have also thought over our inability of oni'solvea to wage a oucoecaful war against ife. We know from tbe toaching3 of the Church whafe ouv nature is ; bow it has received a threefold wound, by means of which the intellect is obacurad, tho will weakened, and the pagaiona made rebellions ; and we know from another source, the source of our own personal experience, how true the teachings c£ the Ohurcli are to reality. We havo considered in. the seriousness and bitterness ot our s-rals the heinous malice of sin, and what is equally terrible, the ease with, which we have committed it ; and we have also long- and deeply pondered over the frightful consequences which result from one single mortal sin of thought alone, and how hopeless is the state of man in the sight of God so long as he allows one uu repented deadly sin to remain poisoning- his heart. We have been drawn spontaneously and necessarily then to consider what our own state must be before the All-piercing Eye, which, nothing can escape, and which searches the 'hidden things of the spirit,' and penetratos into the inmost windings of hearts ; and wo have come to the distinct conclusion that our past nas been anytnmg due sausiaoboiy ; and that if we do not turn over a new leaf, and that very speedily, we may finally begin too late, and make shipwreck of our souls. If such, then, have been your thoughts and resolutions, there is no doubt that you must have proceeded one step further ; for you could not so vividly see your own incapacity and inability to begin a really new life and keep to it without at once looking round you for some strength to supple ment your weakness, and for some help towards doing that which experience has told you that you cannot carry out effectually yourself. Sin is your bane, your death : you are too weak to combat tho mortal foe atone : you, consequently, turn round and look for help. And you do right. Left to yourselves, you would inevitably ba vanquished. Such fierce and violent enemies, enemies so cruel, so relentless, so subtle, and so stealthy ; enemies go multitudinous, with traitors in the crunp, and a pies in the citadel, would. most assuredly, and without much difficulty, wound you mortally, cad posscaa themcelvea of your body nud your soul, Aa well might a naked man attempt to vanquish, an army armGd to the fceethj aa for you, trusting aolely to you? own valour, to think of subjugating youv pride, your sensuality 9 your olofch, youv ambition, ond those many othor Gavogo enemies which perhaps hold, at this moment, imdei' thoiv control, tho outworks of. your npirife. Truly, you, living in this world, havo fallen araotigcc thieves : and sinoo you will mosfc assuredly Lave to combat, not merely for a month or two or a year or two, but during tho whole of youv life to fche moment; of youv death, against tho virulence of these poisonous and numerous acnaults, it is of the most psvamouiVG impcrnuoa tans you enouia ue placed in a condition vietononnly to repel them, nnd to put to flighi tho nmltifcudo of your enemies. There in only One who ia stronger than thcao youv foes who go fit rcoly seofc your soul to destroy it, and who will destroy itunlosa He comes to your relief, end that One ia n© other. than tho Almighty God Himsolf. If yon | wo bent on caving your soul, you most bo doiermined to avoid sin, to shun evil pnd -to ?|oo-3. Now, you cannot, during the course of your life, persistently do tLis exoept by the help of Bia Grace— unless yon be re born and re newed, and sustained, enlightened, strength ened* and directed by His Holy Spirit. H- alone can untie the knotn which bind you band and feet : Hid Voice only oan ring in the ears of the dead, and recall Lozarna irora the tomb ; He alone is ablo to now ilie liro'o goldaa ocod of a new beginning, to implant tho initial cnggeafcion, which His Grace again makes to grow into some firm and saving resolve. Trust; to self, to the fallen Adam in you, and you are as good no lost : trust to Him, cnll upon Him, let His Light illuminato you, and Hia Eye guido yon , and so long an you era faithful, the world and the flesh together, joined to the moat subtle arts of the Evil One, will fas powerless against you : for if God is for us, who can bo apainofc un ? You are invited, then, to- night, to eater into .this question of your arJvatioD, and to mnnter, so, far as is poaoible, auch fcnoaghta ao will ?all tha more kaprera on yon tho necsa eity of distrusting Golf and all ita apparent braveries, sad of confiding exclusively in Him who not only kno.73 your frame and remembers that you are dust, but \a bcoicios that capable of providing you with snoh reme dies and antidotes, such tonics and invigorating ^draughts as will confer upon you a capacity of ^resistance, and a power o£ victory which other wise you never could possess. Tou percieve at once, without further introduction, that Divine Grace is to form the subject-matter of our thoughts to«night. Let us look upon it in its three-fold aspect, and consider, first, the Author of Graoe, secondly, tho creature of Grace, and thirdly, the works of Grace ; and thene throe considerations will result iu impressing upon uo the prime necessity of doing all that lien in us to possess and retain to. the end of our liven fthat one special privilege without which our soulo could* never be saved. But before inviting your attention to the consideration of the first point it would hs woll to impress upon your minds one very important consideration, viz., that the great wovld of raen, aa distinguish ed from those who r.re mailing their calling and election sure, and believa in the necessity of Divine assistance, lives without thought orocre of Graoe. The world, iu the Scripture sense of that word, scorns the idea of Grace, and con siders man sufficient for himself. Ito pattern man is not the mortified recluse, or the cogs templative monk or nun, or even the secular gentleman who makes God his first con-- eideration, and shnno bad thoughts,, and overcomes evil devices, and livesalife of humility, purity, and love. No ! such is not the fypical man of the world. The world knows nothing of humility and spiritual nelf- diotrnsfc. Who ever heard of ths world throwing itself on its knees, beating its breast, 'and declaring itself to be a sinner and an outcast ? Whoever heard of the world combating the devil, or waging war ?with the fieob, or putting its foot down upon honours, riohes0 and pleasures ? Who ever heard of it sacrificing its present inheritance for the sake of a heavenly reward ; or admitting that of itself it oould do nothing worthy, and re ' quires the assisting grace of God ? We know ; t ; it is the maxim of the world to consider that '?'-It is man's adequate reword, and that man is ' sufficient for himself ; to be rich, to be honoured here, to enjoy oneself, and to die quietly after a Bucceeoful life and a happy one, ia all that a reasonable creature need aspire after or covet. The child of the world, if ha does now and again feel the pressure of tho other world bear ing upon him, does not encourage such infiu° ernes : ho shrinks from them ; he assures him self that all is uncertain at the best ; and that if there be a God, He is too good to punish everlastingly, and that all will come right in the long run. Thus he benumbs his conscience, and deceives hia soul. And you, Catholics of this congregation, do you not know that he who lives in a poisoned atmosphere ia likely to ica- bibe the poison ? Aro you not aware that those amoagst whom vre live exert a profound ? influence over us, whether we will or not ; and f.hnt unleos we are vory careful, we shall finally catch that disease, bo noised by that epidemic, which, wovso than tho small-pox, bringc dis figurement upon the soul ? Doea not the present state of your conacience give yon ennso for much alarm ? Does not your pesfc life, with all its falls, ingratitudes, sad sins tell you that you have trusted too much to oelf, bv far too little to grace? that your coarse hna been too worldly, and too like that of those who have given up all belief iu the necessity of grace, and in the efficacy of the sacraments ? Thank His mercy who created up, and io ready to sanctify m once again ! it io not too late to acknowledge otiv pride, forgetfulneD00 and self'-sufficiency. ' We can yet save our soulo ; His hand ia ctretched out to help us ; Hia mercy is not far from any one of us. Let uo, then, in the first plaoe, with all humility and reverence, conoider the nature and operation of that Divinity which ia tho Author and Origin of Grace. 1. Impoadble, of course, it is for tho finite m5nd of man to compre hend the infinite divinity of God. The finite cannot contain the infinite. Still, according to our measure, we can reach to a knowledge of Him, and can tell that tie is unlike all things else. Ineffably perfect, and infinitely beautiful, just, and true 3 the eaoenoG of all lovo is the Lord our God ; One God, and three Persona : Father, Eou, and Holy Spirit. One God, not three Gods ; three Persons, one ? Person not being the other Person, and yet one God in the oiinplicity of the Divine Easencc?. The Father and the Word and the Spirit ? our Maker, our Redeemer, and our SanctiSor ; we adore Thee, 0 Holy Trinity s ono God, and look upon Thee as tho only Spring of all our life, happiness, and peace. And ©specially to Thee do we look tlvia evening, 0 Indwelling Spirit, who inovin™ over the waters, brouohtea'j order into tho world^and didst give ita especial form of lifo to every living creature. Thou art the infinite Love of the Father to the Son, and of tho Son to tho Father ; and by Thy light the beaveuo thorn. selves are illuminated, and the pieroing rays of thy affection cause thti angelic nature to sin;.» in jubilee to God. Shading our eyes by holding our heads low towards the earth, let na contem plate His wo?lc in Highest Heavens, and learn something of infinite love, tendernosp, and wisdom. Could we in any way grasp or measure the infinite, intense, and all absorbing love which the Father chows to wards His only begotten Son,, 6hen wo might iu aouae way com prehend the character and the power of Hia Holy Spirit : could we compass the Divine ardour of affection with which the Word em braces the Father, we miqht then picture to ourselves the boundless affection of the Holy Ghost 5 oould we so be enlarged in heart and mind ao to know what God's love is towardn Godj then, indeed, we should bo able to lift up our heads and say that [wo had tasted of the fountain of living waters. Vaguely and dimly wo can do it ; with intense meditation and concentration we oan piereo into the distance, and sos tho Vision of Beauty glancing in the Heavens, We can hoc so much as to tnske earth look dim ; we are struck with so mcoh lustre ps to make the sun straight above our her.da look pale as the moon in the daylight. ''Sa aeo what the spiritual lova of men is like, wo soe whence springs ths affections of the burning soi'&ph; ; we nor? know whence the cherubim fill their quivers with those darts of love which are for aver flashing round the Efcarnal Throne. Yes ! there is the uncreated perennial Fountain of L:ie, of Love, of Beauty, and of Happiness, infinite in itself, ever full and ever flowing, eternally and nu» RDeakably perfect in every imaginable glory. Tho heavens themselves are illuminated with His light. The angels in their chors, tho thrones, dominations, and the powers, each ono of the dazzling company ia fired by Hi3 light, warmed as it were with His flame, and burns steadily in endless love through His partici pation. That highest seraph, whose white flame of love has oontinued to burn wiih in consumable fires of affection since God fashioned His spiritual substance and gave him an intellect and will, will continue, as long as God shall bo God, to pour himself out for ever iu His anthems of joy and of praise. And so to the lowest, and so throueh all the courts and hievarchias of the angelic orders, does the fire of love burn — lit upon from one central and uncreated fire ; from the furnaces of infinite affection which ever burn and never are con sumed. All the moral beauty of each spiritual entity comes from Him. He is tho Spring of all high thoughts, aa well as the L'ght of every intelleot, and the Source of those ineffable acts of intenoe adoration whioh make up the lives of the world of Heaven. Could we but gain some kind of knowledge of the life of the lowest of the angels, and study and master his character, and the ruling thoughts that make up his angelic life, so close ao it ia to the throne of God, then we should be able partly to appre ciate the power, light, and moral beauty of that Great Spirit who has vouchsafed to grant to the works of His hand some faint similitude of Himself. All the '.Heavenly Court, now firmly established in their various thrones for ever, are so fixed through His free gi'aeo, through the light and the strength He gave them ; and for ever and ever they tender Him their thanks for having sustained them in the contest, and pre served them from rebellion and its consequent darkneas, horror, and grief. On their Centre icney an aepena ; to tneie supreme u-ooa tney all look up. He is the Breath of their spiritual life, the Light cheering thoir countenances, the primal Origin of all they are and- of all their happiness. And so of those whose bodieQ are still moulding in the earth, but whoae soula are happy with tho angels. How man-y millions of them there are we cannoif tell, God alone knows that, but that they are ao the Milky Way studding the heavens with a thick-aet Qplendours we can well conceive. There are the aouls of all the juot made perfoofc from tho days oO Adam and Eve to the last who hao boen garnered into his reward. They have their history, eaoh of them had a course special to himself whilst on earth, eaoh his own nature, his own biaa, his own special weakness, hia own particular trials and temptations : with each the Spirit opoke then in the daya of their flesh ; and ife v/ao His GraGe, and that alone, and no power Qspecial to themselves indopeadent of Him, that carried them through and assisted them to win the prize of immortality. From the Garden of Eden to the end of the Patriarchal time— all that were true to Him then are now with Him for ever. The great Prophets of the Old Law with whom He walked, see them ob their Thrones of Graos for ever ! And the Great Leader of God'o ohosen people ; and all who were found faithful of men and women, Jewish tribes, with the Lord for their Godt and with a deep hope in His promises, all these were ono by one in their turn and time gathered up into holy places 5 are now partaking of the fui neoa of that Spirit whoso voice was so sweet to them during lifefl and whose guidance they followed with a blind conSdenoe that He, who is the Indwelling Light, could nob lead astray. Beantiful company of the children of Abraham! How you rejoioe now ia your beds ! His Spirit ia upon you ; you are clothed with His glory as with a garment ; and you are realizing the full meaning of Hie Holy Covenant. Bufc look towards the Throne 5 leave for a moment the spreading circles of the ancient scitifo, and the choira one above the other, and round about of the eugels. See the figure of a Man of dazzling brightness, of divlno mivjostic presence, of piercing, pweet, cud sympathetic eyes, flashing liquid fires of a lovo more than that of a simple creature. See the bright aigtiij of love in hands and feet and side ! Surely Ho is a God. I adore Thee, O Christ, and I thnnk Thee for having redeemed the world, and drawn ail bright thing3 to Thyself 1 Thy spirit it is which breatheth where He will, and filleob every creature with benediction, Glory and honour and power and magnificence to Thee, O Lord God A'mightv ! And what does the eyebohold aroand tho King of men and the God of angels bat those souls of tho just made perfect, who, redeemed by tho Blood of the Lamb, with palms in their hands and clothed in white raiment, are for over more rojoioiii'? in fhoir victory over sin, and thoir triumph over Satan ? Seo the Queen of tho heavenly army, Mavy Immaculate, full of grace, raining down lovo and pure affection from those eyea of hers, and with rays of heavenly glory shooting from her ontotretohed handn ! Crowned with twelvo stars, with the moonuude^herfoet and surrounded by tho flashing light of innnmerable an^elo, she, before all othern, bears about her person the imago of tho King, tin I looking on Him oan call Him Son juntas He is not ashamed to call her Mother. But is that glory hero ? Is that beauty, that innooenco, and surpassing loving po.icefulneao. is that radiance, so full of attract tion and of silver liahfc, her own ? Thnfc id, did it spring originally from n centre that ohe could designate rg her very self ? Sh? is the firs!; to v^P«y, and to makeiVher bonsfe tlnfc it wm tho Spirit of the Lord that overshadowed her, and His grace fx'led her heart, and became as n sun of light to her intellect, and that, r,U her beauty and all her glory is from Him. She is the firnt to declaro herself a creature, and to dincover in that relationship the explanation of her privio leges, and the key to her position. Ho, tho Lord of Bounty, had respect to the humility of Hiq Handmaid, and Ho raifsnd up tho lowly from the oarth, whilst the rich He sent nmpty away : He filled her with the fulness of blessing, be cause she was a virgin, purest amongst the pure, and dedicated from tender voavn to the service of tho temple. Sho is the Van Elrclioaia, the Vessel of Election, in which tho Indwelling Spirit can manifest tho moat marvellous of Hia works, and can display His exuberant 1ovgs and His power in multiply ingbeauty. She, the mystical Eose. liosa Mi/sticu, is tho sweetest and cheriahod handiwork of the Spirit of Lovo. and flourishes, an opulent flower of grace, in overlasting bloom in the spreading garden of that Eden vrhicli is above. And as tho, tho highest and brightest of all the millions of the saints, has reoeived all her glory from tho Spirit, and by Him ha3 boen olothed with light as with a garmont, so, too, xvith all the rest of the holy ami? — St. John Baptist, and Sfc. Peter and St. Paul, and John, and James, and Andrew, and all tho Apostles. Ho, that self-same Spirit, io the origin of all their splendour, and of all the glory and lovo with which they are invested. The Evangelists and confessors, tlio tnartyrp, and virgins, and widows, and all who hivo attained the rest of the Baints, all hava drunk from one spring, hnve been inebriated by oue cup ; and have received their various gifts from the 1 Divine Spirit of Supernatural Grace. The life ! of love they thrill with, is from Him, their sDnga . of joy are of Hia oomposing, their pentatio happiness all flows from the all-pervading in-- fluenoes poured into their hearts by thnt same Paranlete or Comforter, who, in tho days of their pilgrimage, asnatod them aloof? the way. Thuo, then the Spirit of Charity, tho Holy Qhorsr, is tho | Spring of the glory of the saints, ag He is tho j beginning of their sanctification. And His grace it is that lifts them np and leads them through the trials of life to sit in the holy places prepared for them from the beginning. As in heaven, so on earth. Our Master wont, but did not leave U9 orphans. Ho sent His Holy Spirit to be as a centre of life and of love in tho Churoh which was founded in His Blood. With j tong'ues of fire the Spirit descended on those in | the upper room. They were, heretofore, poor, I weak, end selfish men, wholly unfit to do any j work of great sacrifioo, courage, and determina* j tion. But that Belf-snme Spirit imported to them by grace what they did not ponaosG by nature ; and they went forth to subdue tho world by the power that waa within them, and to spill their blood in witness to the Resurrec tion. And- soon the Spirit within them made ! itself felt ; gradually, yet not slowly, ono heart and then another was touched by the new fire, tUI, finally, the majestic form of the organized Church of God rose up8 and spread like a fair | pageant thronghout the earth, becoming a home for the lonely, a comfort to the sorrowing, and the Mother of salvation, of light, of peace for innumerable souls. And wheto has been the | Bpirit of her power, and the secret of her vitality and success, asvo in the fact that the Spirit of Graoe and Glory hao been from the first the centre of her energy, and the well- spring of Her beot and higheot gifts ? From Her, as water and blood sprang from tho tide of Cknat0 flov?, with the fulness of Hia gifts, the Beven streams of sacramental grace. Without His presence, the solemn rite of Baptism would bo but an empty mockery, instead of a regenerative laver with its gifts of faith and hope and charity and its passport to the realms of bliss. Take Him away, and the priest lifts his hands in vain over the prostrate sinner, and the sins remain still aa a poison on the soul. Lot Him be absent, and the bishop spreads his hands to no effect3 and forms with the oil tha cross upon the foreo head with no spiritual result of any kind. He ia the Solace of the agonizing, the Strength and Powor of bishops and of priests, who, through Hia influence and gifts, carry on the ministry and perpetuate iho priesthood. Thus, intheheaven above and in the earth beneath, the Spirit of Grace is the Centre Power, without whioh oil glory would fail, all strength and lovo and beauty cease. He it ia who, with His oeven fokl gifts and His ripe- f raits, oan fit the traveller for hia reofing-placo, and draw man along towards his Eternal Homo. Ob, how great, how beautiful, how all-encompassing, must He not be ! Oh, for but a taste of the sweetness of Hia personal love, and for eomo kind of contact with Ono who oan do for uo what wo cannot do for ourselves ; who can teach us to avoid shi, can fill ourselves with grace, and lido ub to fulfil tho cud for which we were created ! Think, then, please, on the great Author of Grace, think on what Ho io, and baa done in heaven and on otirth, and let this be done on Monday and Tuesday next, bo _ that you may, as fully ns you can, reallza with whom it in you will havo to do if you really wish to save your immortal souls. 2. Such then is Ho. Now our second point of this consideration is, what are we V Wo have meditated on tho Author of Grace. Now lot ua meditate on the creature of grace. Last Sunday we dwelt npon tho condition of our first parent?, and reviewed tho position they held before the fall. Wo 3aw how thoy possessed integrity of body and soul : how thoy were sifted with aanctifying grace, boing constituted in a ctate of j notification ; and how the gift of immortality was bestowed upon them by their Creator. Thus they dwelt in tha presence of God's countenance, their reason illuminated by the Divine light, their will in unison with that of their Maker, and their passions in complete subjection to their higher instincts, to that; con« ncionoo which wan under tho influence of grace. Their end, through the free eifta of the Spirit of God, wao a Gnporsatural end j and thnt grace which was their moat precious gift on earth wng 'c bo perfected by t'no -vision of glo-y in tho Kingdom of their Father. Bat thoy fell ; grace departed from th?ni ns sin entered in : their intellect beoame cibfcured, their -will weakened, nnd their passions were let locne and rebelled against their conscience. Their children inherited thoir ourse, and tha path to heaven became otrov/ed with thorns. Now tho question of paramount intorent to tis is, What io our exact condition V Graco is one thing, Nature is anothnr. How do wo stand in relation to Grace ? What inatrnmouta do we possess for gaining that great gift? How far are v;e prone to evil ? Ia our natnro adapted ia any oense to virtue ? How can wo handle our naturoo go as best to turn them to account ? For, if wg bo in tha dork ag (0 their capabilities and their tendencies eiiher towavdu good or evil, wo shall bo acting at hazird, and dealing with a power the- energies of which wo do not understand. Whilst;, on tho othor hand, if we know of what clay we are made, and aro masters of tho character of our manifold being ; if wo are awaro of our own tendencies to evil : where wo are likely 'to fail, whera to succeed; rxnd hoy/ beat we may control and direct the proponsioue, appetite?, and proclivities which are within ua, then we shall stnnd a bettor I ohanco of directing ouraMven towards virtue and avoiding vice ; then wo shall know how to make the most of grace, and how to diminish tho force of passion, whilst we add strength to our will, and become firmer walkers in the narrow way. Take a child born into the world, and Io )k nfc ita etato before it has been baptised. What were yon before you wore rogeuerateti at the Font ? Yon were a child of wrath, sold over to Satan, stained with tha dye of original sin. You had your intelleot, will, and appetites, all three bearing about them tho wound of their origin, and the whole man prone to evil from the firofc. Now, what in the great gift which we receive nfe tho Font ? Wg are born again of water and tin Holy Gho-t. Our oin or cina aro washed away, Satan in driven out ; wo aro mado sons of God ,by tho indwelling of tho Holy Ghoafcj the uncreated Grace, who infuses into tho ooul the supernatural gifts of F.sith, Hope, and Charity, together with other ansiofeanuo3 which are tho especial maroifln of the Spirit of Convo lution and of Truth. Thug we nre, through the fr3o gift and grace of God, called to a aupoi- natural state, endowed with supernatural helps, and assisted to tho very ond, if wo remain faith ful in the heavenward courso. It ia not wo who begin tho great work. Onr esiatonco wao in'Hia handn. we doponded on Him for that ; so do we depend also on Him for that very firafe gift of grace which ends in tho vision of glory everlasting. And He doen not merely begin, but He continues ; a3 tho winds fill tho saila of tho chip and oarry it towards port, so Hia aaoisting graco acts upon intellect, will, and aenaes, and co-operates with our freedom in the groat work of our salvation. Nor ia this nil: ao'.'glory in added to glory, so grace to qi'oc-3 : he who through tho gift of Faith oxercises hia intellect in believing, receives an increase from £5cd : ho who hopes learns still more to hope; he who elicits acts of supernatural love becomes all tho more filled with heavely charity » And thuo the creature of grace becomes Dubje'-.tto these higher i-jfluencep, boing fashioned entiobled, and refined by them, without looing (he freedom of his will. And as God begins, so He finishes tho good work. c He cvowna hia own work in us,' to upo tho wordo of a great saint. He holds us up to the ond : He achieves tha great victory of our final perseverance That ia Hia enpeoisl gift, freely given. Wo cannot claim it as a right. He holds in Hio hand the two ends of our being ; so wholly dependent; are we upon Him for all things. We stand because He holds uo up; we persevere to tho end, because He is by our aide, and does not abandon.'us when we moot require Hia friendship. And aa a true friend, He will never fail uo. We need not fear His unfaithfulness, for unfaithful He never can be. If we go wrong, it is our own fanlb ; if we miss the mark, ouroelves we must blame ; never will He abandon no, if we do not first abandon Him ; never will He let go His hold, if wo do no{i first withdraw our hand from Him. And we have ooen who Ho is, and what He baa done in tho heavens above ; we know Hia beauty8 strength, love, mercy, compasDion ; and how He can bo tho light of our eyes on earth, as Ho will bo our reward exceeding great in Heaven. Without Him and His graoo we can do nothing ; with Him and His assistance- we caa do all fchinga. He will be tho Light of our intellects, and teach us how to draw the picture of heaven within them. He will strengthen our VTilln, that wo may fix them on the Vision of Failii : and He will do work within us that onr- very propensions may be turned towardn the one end of our salvation. Thus it ia that we overcome self, and p'ant a better eelf within us ; tbuo it i8 that we learn to tromple on oinf and to find a greater joy in being faithful thnn in indulging our appetites | thug it 10, in a word, that man, the creation of grace, becomes a partaker of the Divine nature, and a loving i-on of God. And although it; is true that our natures are prone to evil, still they can be adapted and turned to virtue. If we have grace and self-knowledge and a good will, we mny turn our proolivitien in the direction of salvation, and make use of what otherwise would be impediments as a3sintauoes and hslps in the direction of eternal life, To thio moat important consideration then your attention is especially requeoted. Lot uo tike some few of our principal propenoiona aa examples of many more which time does not permit ua to consider. Now our great diotnrbing force io love of plea enre. Pleasure wo seek, follow, and clasp with out effort ; indeed, with all the powers very often ol our whole being. Virtue and what io honest, on the other hand, does not hold out, as a rule, the oamo attractions. Now, in pro portion as wo can make our duty pleaaureablo, aud our acts of virtue plea sant, in that proportion wo Bhall, oven in a human point of viow, receive assistance and find it an easier thing to avoid sin and work out our salvation; for thus we diminish the power of temptation and strengthen the determination of tie will. Let us lake, as examples, duty, poraoual love, oompacsioD, and gratitude ; and, then, nee how even our hin drances may by a proper knowledge of their character and tlioir action be turned to good account. Now with regard to duty, who doeo not know the ceaontion of the pleasure of doinp what is right ; and the opposite sensation of the pain and poignant minery in doing what ig wrong ? Now, in proportion as thio feeling is cultivated will that pleasure increase our facility for doing our duty, and that pain put a bar in the way of our prevaricating against it : and when to thia is added tlio assistance of Divino Grace, we becomo all the more strong in virtuo, and all the more powerful asjainut temp tation. Tiiko personal love. We all know that this is perhaps tho strongest of all our propen Bions : the world has been again and a.cain revolutionized by it ; ii; has been at the source of the most marvellous nctn of relf-sacritioo and self annihilation that Dro to be found at lcnafc in the natural ordnr. To bo loved and to be loved again ; to be in tho presence of those wo love ; to be ono with them — this is pimply tho natural action of tho heart of man. Now, how can thin bo turned to good account ? By fixing the heart npon the moat loveable and moat perfect of all beings— on One whose love for us is above oil tho love of man ; and to bo in whoae presence, nnd to be in \rhose favour, snrpnssen all the nffeotiona of all the warmest hearto that ever beat. Christ our Saviour, in every loveable characteristic, infinitely surpasscn the loveableneaa of tho creature He cam fill the heart, wbilofc the creature cannot ; He can love ? with a truly generous, intense, nay, Divine affection — what creature can ? Ho never will fail uo, all oreafcuro3 do ; He can pour into the treasury of our souls every bett and highest gift, and lovea only to eievruo. jjo creatures u:o most perfect do thia ? He, finally, can give no all and more than wo can ask ; and will love us for ever and ever, and embrace ua nud encompass ub with a love beyond all expression, and surpassing tho power of human language to describe. Hero, then, again, our proponsion, oar strongest proponpion, can be turned straight towards the end of our creation, and can be sot to carry out tho will of God in our regard. And It need not bo said that iu proportion ao we exercise ouraelvea in this highest form of personal love, in that very name proportion we Bhall obrink from everything that otands in ifcn way, and bitterly condemn ourselves if wo should ba tempted to abandon ifc for any other. So of compassion, go of gratitude. Take the paasion and oxercioe thono propensions on it. Picture tho oufforings and death of your Saviour, and how can your iuart not be melted v/hilet yon think of Him ? how can it refrain from acts of deepest gratitude when you tnrn from Him upon yourself ? You know what you are, and what yon have beon ; and then you kuow, what, in spite of that, Ho has been in His mercy to you. And even hindrances can be turned to good account. What proportion is there, in human natu.ro greater than love of honour? Y/hat have men not sacrificed for that — to be hnld in high esteem by their fellow* men, or at loaat to think themselves to be held in suoh esteem P Then, there ia love of power and love of wealth. Take the first. Do you nob bolieve in a future state? Do you not believo in a Divine, All-seeing Eowarder and Approver of mankind ? Do you not believe in saints and nngols, who are not strangers to ouv* ontinnr, 0 OTlinfc min /'-f Kniitld Wnlllfl. Wlfch fllli knowledge, prefer tho approval of a few fellow creatures' to that of tho God of Heaven and nil the saints ? Would he not look upon it ao a sort of infamy to be approved of by the former whilst he was condemned by tho latter ? Would he not feel that fco be held ia high esteem by the Creator of men, and by the highest and purest intelligences, a greater honourthan to be belauded by a few purblind creatures on the earth ? So of powor. What; power con be compared with tbafc exercised by a really virtuous man in tho highest realtnOj and ovec the purest creatures, over saints and angelo who will not be heed» lesa to hia prayers ? Or what exercise of power brings greater sutiafaotion than that which tends to make our fellow-creatures batter, and to spread the kingdom of God ia many hearts ? So, too. of wealth. What ia gold that drops out of the hand, as it ig quietly put by a man's side in the ooffia, to the surpassing riohoo of Christ ? What wealth is to be compared, if we really do believe, to that stored up by a good and virtuous life in heavenly places whoro rust corrupts nob, moths fret not, and thieves cannot break in to steal ? Thus, our strongest, ouv maste-F-propensiona, oan bo made instrumental to our perfection. And if we know onroelven, and learn how to take advantage of the wind, how to shift our course, and taok when v?o eaaN- not sail bsjova tho vnnh, v?o shall iu tho ©ad by the assistence of supernatural grace, and by over distrusting salf and putting all our confidence in the Spirit of Truth, Knowledge, and Wisdom, make a steady voyage towards tho haven of Eternal rent ; the lights of the Spiritual City will break from below tho waters, and its majestic beauty will grndually spread oub before our eyes. Meditate, than, on Wednesday and Thursday on youroclf an the ereafcnre of grace ; reflect that grace io all in all to you ; it begino, co-operates, and crowns the work which could not be accomplished bufc for it. Then oonnider your intellect, will, and appefcitoa ; and sea how they can bo made instrumental in the main cvork of your life; and, finally, deeply ponder on tho consoling truth that even our moat power ful and masterful propensions can be turned towards the acquirement of virtue, and can be enlisted in the service of the saints. Think, finally, how far up to this you have turned grace and nature to good account ; how far you have neglected grace, followed nature, and jeopardized your soul ; how you will set about, without delay, a thorough reformation of your manner of life. 3. Now that we have meditated on the nature and gifts of the Author of Grace, and on tho nature of grace, let us now, in the third place, meditate on the work of grace, ospecia ly as it regards tho soul of man on earth. A o there was not an angel in heaven who had not His grace, so there never has been a man on earth whom tho Holy Spirit did not visit at one time or another with His saving gift. And more than this : no man born of woman but had he exhibited sufficient fidelity would never have been lost. 'J he Spirit accords sufficient grace to all, but all do not comply. Be is the true light which enlighteneth every man that cometh into this world. H is exuberant grace, wliich displays its fulness within the circle of the great Church of God, spreads even beyond. His mercies spread abroad like the covering1 waters of the sea ; and wherever there is a human intel lect and a human conscience, there, at one time or another, has been His dwelling-place. We know not the secret ways of God with man. He has not unveiled to ns all the wonders of His hidden mercies ; but this we do know : that He is a merciful and. just Master, and that His mercies tire above all His works ; and that no man perisheth save through his own fault. So thoro is not one present here this night who is not, or has not on« day been visited by this Indwelling- Spirit. It matters not who you may be, or what you may believe or deny; it matters not how deep you may bo sunk in the slough of vice, or how anvil-like your heart may be — all the harder for striking it ; He is stronger than any one of you ; and He has already known your conscience and your heart. 0 the happy day, when He first dwelt within you, and sweetly strove with yon, and would fain draw you to Himself ! 0 the bright, the happy day when He whispered in your conscience, and offered you His hand to lead you, and promised to be the lamp of your feet and the light of your eyes ! And, 0 alas ! thrice dark and miserable season, when you rejected Him and quenched His voice, aud contristatecl Him m Jtlis loving- wisnes iu your regard, and preferred some viloness, some odious pleasure of your own, some self-will and act which Be condemned, to His sweet and saving presence ! Is there one hero with memory so short, it matters not who he bo, who has wholly forgotten the day when he felt the Spirit stirring within his heart ? Mark the time from then to this. How have you lived ? Have you been faithful to Him? What has your life been ? It may have been a course of advance from grace to grace. Each day He has drawn himself nearer to you, and you closer to Him Ho has pervaded you more and more ; until He has known how to direct your will and enlighten your intelloofc, and warm your heart towards Himself, iu such a way as to convince you that the work within you has not beeu merely the work of man. And thia very indwelling of Him has mode you less ' carnal, moto spiritual. The world, and all its | most powerful atfcraotionn, has fouud its proper ' place within you. Ifc does not posGoas tho ! power to enslave that it had before. You j kuow of something that has quite put it and all its oharms in th8 shade. It is second, and a great way off from first. Within you is the kingdom of God, and its brightness,, its purity, its daaziing lustre, and its promise of ^endless duration, when graoa shall bud forth into the ! glory of the saints. Your interior eye fixes itself i on a vision which day by day becomes more and j more vivid and tnoie soul-satisfying. The I whole kingdom of God presents itself in pio tnro before your purified imagination, and you begin to live whilst on earth in the presence of holy influences, and iu fellowship with those who are possessed of all perfections, and of every attribute which can elevate the eoui. Ohriatj your King, rules your spiritual kingy dona. Hie spirit is ever ready to prevent, co operate, and crown His own work ; whilst your Father, who is in heaven, looks npon you as one bought with a great price, and as a fruifa of the Passion of His Son, And where theae are, there io all tho Heavenly Court, and thus you live and thuo your ooul aatsimilafces itself to heavenly tbingo, Your prayero, your confesniono, your commu-- nions, your good works multiply heavenly influ ences in yonr eoul, and you begin to live on tho earth, doing your allotted task, and doing it reverently and carefully, whilst at the samo time tho main object of your highest energies ia to proparo yourself for that eternity ivhich God has proinieed to those who lovo Him. Such is the working of tho Spirit in those who are faith ful to His attractions and watch for Eio interior word. But perhaps other than this mny have been your evil fortune. You received His gifto in Holy Baptism, you grow up to that ago wheu yon were capable of committing your first mortal sin. He struggled with you : your con- j science omote you : but you did not resist : you * listened to the tempter : bo flattored your ', pacaion : yo\t were ploonod and attracted, aud afc losfc you (oil ; and' His Gi'&oo; Ssci from you, and you knew yourself to be possessed by the monster of mortal sin. 0, that bitter moment ! Othafe despairing hour, when first; youdrove Him from your heart ! Bufc you noon bsoame more accustomed to play with Satan : the edge of your conscience became dull : you Ginned with lees remorse : and finally you bocame careless in your preyeraj fell into bad company, acquired bad habits, and gave youraelf up fco live the life of ntturG5 and to follow its bent almost without resiotanoe, And after thus giving up tho labour of celi-control and nolf.,denial, yon be^an to feel more and more diotaofco for the sacraments. Yonr confenoiono were few and far between: your communions loss frequent: and even Mono itself on daya of obligation, nnd tho various oom° mandmento of the Church, were treated with coldness, and with a neglect almost approaching to contempt. Thus you fell to a lower and lower level : Hell beginning to set up ita habita tion in yonr heart : devils beginning to oyo you as their own : your good angel weeping aa it were at a diolaneea and praying for a ooul that seemed already to be lost. Thus by degrees you dieaooiated yourself from the Kingdom of the Saints aud its fellowship, and joined the company of the damned: thus yonr heart became poisoned by worldly masimas your senaec filled with evil desires, and your intellect tainted with thoughts of unbelief ; till, finally, you ceasad altogether to tend to God, and gave yourself up to a reprobate Dense, ridiculing His priests, soorning Hie sacraments, denying His Revelation, and persecutiDg in your heart thai very Church to which you owed your regenera tion and tho first priuoipleo of saving grace, I'hose two pictures may not accurately repre sent the ea&o; of any here : men1 a ooula are ao various as the leaves of the forest— none is exactly like another. Still, they represent in a certain mensoro the course of saoh man bora unto God through the waters of Baptism. Yoa, each of you belong rather to one than the other. E To which then do yoa belong ? Are you going | Heavenwards or Hell wards? — that is the question | of questions for yon — is the Spirit; becoming | stronger and stronger in hio influence over yon, or | weaker? Examine your day '0 work; your prayers ; 1 your aspirations ; how you perform yonr duties ; your faith, your charity; your oomesaious, your communions ; the general state of your aoul, say during thelastWelvemontks. Andwhenyouhave done so remember this : that it is not too late to mend, that however bad you may have been yonr burden will not prevent you. changing your life, if you, with God's grace, resolve this retreat t repent. You miy have prevaricate d' from your youth ; you may hnve piled sin upon sin, and added to your transgressions each day as it went by ; your whole life may have beea one huge mistake : still ib is in your power, with the help of God's grace, fco right yourselves now, fco purge out the old leaven, to clean out your snul, to strike off the bondage of habit : and to begin fresh, pure, and free in the service of Almighty God. In conclusion, take away with you ono abiding picture of the marvellous workings of grace. Place yourselves in spirit on the Hill of Galvnry. Look on those three crosses, and those three cruoified upon them. Seo the middle crass : on it hanga the world'o ransom ; there, with out« stretched hands, with Hia head sinking on ffis bosoia, with a orown of sharp thorns encircling His brow, is the Lamb who takes away the sins of the world, io that merciful Lord who gained for us the adoption of sons', and purchased with His blood tho graces of the Spirit. At the foot of Hia cross is Miry, His mother. In her, the strong woman, grace has worked tho highest effects that have ever been produced in creature. She represents the power of sacrifice and self- irntuola. tion produced by grace's influence. See that young min with a cocQteaance full of intense love, and broken with overpowering sorrow : that is the beloved Disoipla ; a pattern of the work of grace in a man's heart — producing in their highest forms supernatural love and angelical purity. See that woman, till now hidden from, ua g she is clasping the foot of the Cross, her eyeos like fountains of watero, stream with tears. She will not be consoled j her heart almost breaks with inextinguishable grief as she kissea tho feet of her Saviour. What is she ? Magdalene,, the pattern of penitence, a token of the workings of grace in the heart of a sinf al woman, whoae many sins are forgiven her because she loved much! And there are two more figures which mnsfc not be omitted,, fcho two thievea : the one, oftor a life of ill- doing, at lost atruck through with the lance of compunction ; and turning to Jesus with all his heart ; the other a blasphemer nnd scoffer to the lanfc. Look to youroelvos then to night s and see how you atand : begin thia retreat to turn to God, put aot off, have mercy on your souls, and maka your poooe with your iDjured Saviour. It you have not imitated fcho power of sacrifice in the Mother of God, if you have not beon taking a lesaou from the love and purity of John ; now at least, you can imitate Magdalene, you can take courage from the thief upon the cross ! Oh, Jesus Christ, Saviour of mankind, send the Comforter into our hearts this night, that He may, with the hammers of God, break up our stony hearts, Oh. Mary, Mother of Mercy, our Advocate, loolc upon us poor children of Eve, and pray for us to thy Son, that wo may be saved. ! Oh, boloved John, intercedefor us with thy pure, thy flaming heart of charity, that we may be converted and may live ! And thou, 0 penitent Magdalono, and thou, O favoured thief upon the cross, re membering1 the past, gain lov us hearts filled with saving- sorrow, and a purpose so -strong, that we may never more offend our Creator, our Redeemer, and our Friend, bufc succeed at last, however much we may have transgressed, in saving-, in saving' our immortal souls. St. Joseph's, Niiwa'o\VN,~Tho Rev. W. Rico will preach ofc Sfc. Joseph's Church, Newto\7n8 on Sunday nest, tho llbh inafc., at tho 11 o'clock Mass, 