ONE WITNESS. _ , A TALE OF CIRCUMSTANTIAL ; EVIDENCE. .''V""''1"' Br J. R. W. Aiebersley is the county town of one of the smallest English counties. So simple and ; inoffensive is the city, that it has not unfrequently. happened that the judges going upon assize have been presented with the traditional white gloves which are given to the representatives of justice on circuit when they arrive at a town where there is no prisoner for them to try, or other work to achieve. But when the reader is presented to the small county town of Ambersley, there is plenty of work to be done by the justices- no less than the trial of a man for murder — one Harry Walsingham, a young gentle man of wasted fortune, who is perhaps rightly condemned by general opinion for reprehensible conduct. Readers will permit us to present to them all the characters mentioned in this uue. Sir Edgar St. Maule. — A gentleman no longer young, being quite sixty years of age. He is a noble and generous gentle man, against whom no charge of wrong doing has ever been brought. He is a justice of the peace, and indeed, one of the magistrates who committed Harry Wal singham to prison upon an indictment for the murder of David Budeley. Lady St. Maule.— She is very young and beautiful. She has only been the wife of St. Maule for about twelve months, and she is still in half-mourning for her mother, who died some months after her daughter's . wedding. The house in which she and her husband are living has belonged to ber family for a very long time. The mansion and its grounds constitute all the property that the lady brought her husband— except her youth and her beauty. It is quaintly situated in the town itself, and not far from the court-house. Captain Fairholt Pierrepoint. — A hand some, dashing man of thirty, in a line regi ment, and who returned to England about the time of the destruction of the "man concerning whose death the trial in ques tion is taking place. Harry Walsingham. — A handsome, easy going fellow, about twenty-five years of age, fair, candid, smiling, and selfish, who would sell bis birthright — not due until to-morrow — for a cup of champagne to-day — a man charming to look at, and totally hopeless as a member of society. It is this individual who is beiug tried for his life. Grace Walsingham. — She is the sister of the man being tried for his life. She is a gentle, gracious creature, and (as it always is in this world) she is suffering, while quite innocent herself, for the guilt of others. She has been taken by Lady St. Maule under her protection, and is living in Sir Edgar's house at the time of the trial. Giles. — This man is a keeper to Sir Edgar. He is a frauk, violent man, of about forty-five, jealous of look, and audacious in behaviour. Much is pardoned him because ho is an old soldier, who has served in the Crimea, who has the Inker- man medal in his pocketbook, and who fought with Sir Edgar in that baronet's regiment. I To. complete these introductions, some reference must be made to a person who will not appear, in this tale. To these statements must be added some description of the dead man. 5 The first is Susan, wife of the baronet's keeper. He had married her when he was about forty. She was a stranger to the town. Her husband had found her some where in London, during a flying visit to the metropolis, and be had brought her home, his wife. He; was madly jealpus of .the woman, and perhaps he had cause to be so, for a more worthless and uu trust worthy creature never lived. We have now only a few words to say .concerning the dead man, and our intro ductions are over. He had been called 'David , Budeley. He "Was a man of the lowest passions, and of the greediest pro pensities. A money-lendei of the worst f sort, he had grown gradually very rich, and equally, exacting. He had neither relation norfriend, and after his violent death there was no human being to claim his wealth, which was remarkable . in amount and Ivariety. > ;. ,. i We must now ask the reader to accom pany us to the drawing-room of Sir Edgar's house, :and on the morning of the trial . ., i Lady St. Maule is alone, and; looking very pale, when suddenly the door is opened and Captain Pierrepoint hurriedly enters the room. . . i She .utters a quick cry, and she says — " You here !" "Yes, Lady St. Maule, though I never intended, to cross your threshold again." I " You gave me your word, as an officer and a gentleman, that you would not return to Ambersley, and I, on my side, pro- raised-fchat upon no inducement would 1 leave this town — so that we should never meet en this side of the grave. Why have you come back ?" " Clara — I beg your pardon, Lady St. Maule, — lam bound to say I never intended to break my promise to you, but the posi tion in which my cousin is placed compels me to be here." . "Your- cousin?" " Y es, Henry W alsingham, who is wrongly accused of murder." . " Wrongly accused ! Oh, how glad I am to hear you say those words ! And you can prove his innocence ?. Then, indeed, ' I Fairholt, I am glad to see you back in Ambersley. How can you prove that he .is guiltless?" " I saw Budeley killed." ' 1 " You saw Budeley destroyed ?" ' "Yes." "And you said nothing about it? I remember now> that the man was killed about the time you must have quitted Am bersley." " As I was leaving it." " Did' you say nothing concerning the crime?" "I dared not." "Why not?" " I was leaving this house." Lady St. Maule uttered a low and terri fied cry. r. ; : - ' " Lady St. Maule, what am I to do ? I know you to be innocent, and myself to be an honourable man ; but if the truth were told, your good name would be lost for ever. Who would believe That you were pure and virtuous, 'if it was told how, be fore you were married, I visited you here in secret because your mother did not like me, because we loved one another, because we were secretly engaged ?" " True— true !" said the poor lady. " Who would believe that, coming home from India, on sick leave, secretly and : innocently I journeyed down here, and entering the grounds by means of the key ; you had given me long before, made my : way to the room where we used to meet, and which is now your bedroom." " What is to be done ?" asked the poor ; lady. "I knew nothing of your marriage, nothing of your mother's death, nothing of the changes that had taken place. I only knew that I loved you, that I was in England, and that I could make my way secretly into this house, where I had not : been for two years." " There is no need to repeat facts, Fair- ; holt. My mother's fortune was suddenly I lost. I feared to tell her the truth, dread ing that the shock would kill her, and I accepted St. Maule (without loving him, I . admit) to save my mother from a miserable end; She never knew the truth. I and. 1 Sir Edgar kept it from her." " And all was needless," said the cavalry, captain," for she died in a very short time. You sacrificed the whole of your life that: the last three months of her life might be peaceful— just at the moment, too, when I came in for my fortune, and when, leaving; ' the army, I could have offered you a com- : fortable home." " The past is not to be retrieved. Tell me — what of this miserable man ?" - " When I gave you my word never to see you again, and you had left me, I turned to the window. I had one foot over the; edge of the balcony, when I heard voices in the avenue below. The next moment there was the sound of a heavy blow and the fall of a body. I heard hurried steps, and then ran out into the moonlight and saw your husband's keeper, Giles. " The keeper !" "The keeper. After a time, hearing no other sound, I dropped to the ground, and saw lying there a human being. It was in shadow. I had no other means of ascertain ing who it was than by striking a match. L had called, and no answer had been returned.: By the light of the wax-taper, I saw and1 recognised the man as Budeley, the money lender in these parts. I felt certain that he was dead. I had seen too much death in India to doubt as to what had happened.. The keeper had struck him over the right temple with his gun reversed, and the trigger, driving its way through the skull, had caused death." " The keeper — the keeper !" cried Lady St. Maule. " But what object could he have had' in killing that miserable man ?" " I cannot tell, for I could not follow their conversation. I am only certain of this — that the man who killed Budeley was Giles,- the keeper." " And you fled without saying a word ?" " What could I do ? The man was killed iu the avenue of limes under your wiudows, and iu your grounds. The keeper had a right to be there, because, as I know now, the wall of your old garden had been opened to afford access to Sir Edgar's ad- joiuiug premises. How the money-lender came to be there is a mystery. Whatjiould I do ? How could I account for my presence without compromising you. That was not to be thought, of ? I could not restore the man to life, aud 1 was not bound, at any sacrifice, to ferret out the murderer." " You were very good." " I meant to keep my promise — never to return to Ambersley, for I would not count upon your husband's death, Clara. I went away from Euglaud. It was only by the merest chance that I saw an account of Harry Walsingham beiug committed to prison for the murder of Budeley, aud eveu then the paper iu which I saw the news was three weeks old. At once I tele graphed to England and to this place, and asMrtained that the trial had not com- menced. I am here, and, thank Heaven, in time to save him." " How— how ?" asked the unhappy lady. "I do not know how; but if he was the greatest stranger to me, or my most thorough enemy, I would not allow him to be condemned." " But' my good name will be destroyed !" ; " No ; I have thought of one plan and I do not think it will fail. I have thought of a second, which I know must succeed." " What are they ?" "I will not tell you, Clara; but I entreat you to believe that all will be well. Trust in me." " I do rely upon you, as once I hoped to trust in your life." "And- now tell me," said Pierrepoint, "what is the basis of the charge against him ?" " He had borrowed money of Budeley," said Lady St.' Maule; " and this was known to the dead man's clerk. On the after- moon preceding the murder, Mr. Walsing ham had been at the man's office asking for 'time, and the money-lender had refused in 'offensive language. He always carried his documents about with him ; and this was known in the town. After the death, Walsingham's promissory notes were missing from the dead man's pocketbook, which had evidently been rifled, for one of his papers was found near the body. It was the absence of Mr. Walsingham's papers, and the declaration of the clerk to the effect that he had heard Mr. Walsingham use threatening language to his master, which led to an investigation. The half-burnt remains of the papers in question were found in a grate at Mr. Walsingham'splace, and his gun was discovered with marks of blood upon it, although it had evidently been recently washed and cleaned. Then followed the accusation." Pierrepoint nodded hi3 head. " You see what has occurred," he said. " Giles, taking to flight immediately after he had committed the deed, returned to the dead man with the view of taking measures to cast the crime upon some other than himself. He fixed upon Walsingham, whose gun he happened to be carrying; for he was very familiar with the rascal, and frequently employed him in one way or another. He, therefore, stole thepromissory notes held by Budeley, and signed by Walsingham, and purposely half-burnt them in Walsingham's house— perhaps the next morning.". " Horror !" cried Lady St. Maule. "For the same purpose, he cleaned the gun, leaving however, sufficient marks upon the fire-arm for detection. A bad and unscrupulous man." At this moment Lady St. Maule uttered an agonised scream. She saw the murderer entering the room, and holding a letter in his hand. " Fairholt, do not let him come nearer !" " What do you want ?" "A letter, sir, from Sir Edgar to my lady, sent on from the court, and about the trial." Put it down, and leave the room." The keeper gave his old military look about him, as though searching for an .enemy, and saluting, he withdrew. "Water !" said Lady St. Maule. "I am fainting !" When she was able to speak again, she said, "Tell, me, and in few words, what you mean to do ?" ."First, to wait until the trial is over. There is a chance that he may be declared innocent. If that is the case, then he and you will be both saved." "But then the guilty man will go un punished." " That is true." "And a stigma will remain upon your cousin's good name !" " No. I have thought of a means of clear ing him from all doubt." "Do not ask me, for my plan is my secret." " Then Walsingham will be saved !" ".Oh, yes," said the Captain, looking very sadly at his lost love. " My cousin will assuredly be saved !" At this moment, beyond the front windows of the house, whioh abutted on the High- street, there was considerable movement and agitation. The court, in fact, had adjourned for half an hour, it being about two in the day. "Sir Edgar will come in for his lunch," said Lady St. Maule, "and I will present you simply as an old friend" of my family. I; leave to you the rest.' Ah, here is Grace !" One of the sweetest English faces ever seen, was now marked to Pierrepoint, as he saw its owner hurrying into the room. She did not .observe the visitor. " Clara," she said—" Clara, they all say> that my brother is innocent. Ob, they, cannot, they shall not take my brother away from me !" " Grace," said Fairholt Pierrepoint, trem bling, " do you not know me ?" . She looked for a moment. Then a great brightness .coining, upon her face, she said. " Cousin Fairholt, is it you? Oh, you have' come tp save Harry from his cruel persecu tion ! How good you are — how very good you are!" As he felt her fair young arms about his neck, he thonght, "How little she knows with what truth she speaks ! Truly I have Icome here to save her brother !" And even at that I pass, in the midst of his terrible mental mystery, be thought how beautiful she had become, and what a charming young English lady she appeared .to be. The half-hour flew by quickly and once more the court was densely packed, listen ing to the trial. Then it was that Pierrepont tracked Giles, and getting him in a quiet corner he said, " Well, Giles, what do you think of the trial ?" " Well, sir, I think Mr. Walsingham will swing." "Why?" . " Because I think he killed poor Budeley." "No, you don't! You may think Mr. Walsingham will be hanged, but you can not possibly believe that he killed Budeley." " Why not ?" " Because you killed the man 1" '.'I, sir?" "Yes! I saw you!" "Ah!" cried the keeper, off his guard; " it was no ghost ?" " What ! You caught sight of me?', The cunning, determined, adroit, and unscrupulous keeper thought for a moment, aud then, a diabolical smile spreading over his face, he said, " Yes, sir, I saw you !" " Then you know that I could denounce you !" "You mean— give me up? Yes, you could do that ; but you won't!" " Why not?" " Because the ghost I took you to be came from my lady's bedroom !" " Ah !" " If you gave me up you would ruin her character, and that yon dare not do ! Oh, you men who take forbidden fruit have a way of honour all your own ! You dou't kiss and tell ! No, yon will not give information against me !" " Wretch !" " Speak as yon will, sir. Yon live your life, and I lite mine." " Why did you fix the guilt npon Walsing- .ham?". " Why ? Because I revenged myself npon the two men who have done me the same wroDg ! My wife— my Susan — she would . :have remained true to me if Budeley had not <tempted her with his money — if Walsingham had not tempted her with his good looks aud his attentions. I trapped Budeley, to where fie was done for, by a letter supposed to be writteu by my runaway wife. He fell into the ;pit ! How it came to be, unless the devil himself was at the bottom of it all, that I had Walsingham's gun instead of my own, I shall Dever know, any more than I shall be able to tell how it was that the thought came on me to steal the papers and half burn them in Walsingham's house. But I know that it is all done, and that I am not sorry !" Pierrepoint looked at the man and saw a strange wildness in his eyes. " Giles, you are every day drinking more than is good for you." " I know it. Since my Susan has left me I am more like a madman than anything else. There ! I bore it all while she stayed with me ; but! she has gone away, and I believe Mr. Walsingham knows where she is." " Do yon think so ?" " Yes, and here is a bargain ! Let him tell me where she is — let me only reaoh her" (here his hands olenched) — " and I will con fess Budeley's murder fast enough, for it will matter little." " Yon mean that yon would kill your wif® if you find her." " I do mean it, man— dead as a stone." " What would yon say if I knew where she was?" " You !" "What if I can furnish you with the means of finding her ?" "At once?" "Yon are poor and cannot follow this woman. Write a letter, confessing the crime, give it to me, and then go away from this plaee with money that I shall give you." He laughed. " Two thousand pounds. ' \- He shook his wild head. " No." " Five thousand ?" "No." " Even ten thousand ?" "No — no —no ! If I went away, she might repent while I was searching, come back, and I should not be here. Then she would learn the truth, and she would hate me for ever," " Will nothing tempt you ?" "Nothing but my wife. Give me back my wife." Fairholt saw that all was useless. The man was almost a maniac by the loss of his infamous wife, who had fled, whither or with whom he knew not, and had left him in a state of mad despair, the more des perate that his masculine pride compelled him to disguise the misery he felt. " Heaven forgive you, my man," said the cavalry captain, rising, " for your victims are many. And to think," the captain pondered, " that all these things take place in consequence of the heartlessness of that woman, the wife of thri keeper Giles, found by him no one knows where. So my only chance is in the hope that the jury find him not guilty !" - Alas! that same evening, after many weary hours, the jury found Harry Wal singham guilty and he was condemned to death. # w # # # It was about nine in the evening when Captain Fairholt. Pierrepoint presented him self before Sir Edgar and Lady St. Maule. He was very pale. His first question was concerning his coasin Grace, the sister of the condemned man. He heard that she had been compelled to take narcotics, but even in the depths of artificial sleep she was still praying, and calling for her brother incessantly. Lady St. Maule had by this time presented the captain to her husband. " You will pardon me calling so late in the evening," said Fairholt ; " bat I am leaving the town. I wish to place in your hands a letter which is of very considerable impor tance, and whioh you will read a quarter of an hour after I have quitted you." Lady St. Maule started, looked at Pierre- point's face, saw tragedy written there, and, with a woman's instinct, she divined that he was in danger. She rose and went to one corner of the room, where a gentleman was busily consult ing certain papers. " Mr. Smail," she said, " you see the gen tleman talking to Sir Edgar ?" " Yes," replied the individual in question, and who, in fact, was the counsel who had defended Walsingham. " He is in danger of himself. Will you go to the court-houBe opposite, and order a couple of constables to watch him, and, if it can be done, even arrest him as he leaves this house ?" " What can you mean ?" " I think he contemplates suicide." " Oh ! let me look at him. Yes, there is despair in his face. I'll do better ; I'll get a warrant from one of the justices. But upon what ground ?" "Say — say he is mad; and — and has accused himself of Budeley's death." The lawyer looked afr Lady St. Maule as though he thought it was she who must be insane. But marking her calm, resolute faee, he smiled, aud hurried from the room. Before he returned, Captain Pierrepoint rose, and calmly wished Sir Edgar and Lady St. Maule good-night. Lady St. Maule walked toward the door with him. " You are safe," he said. " Good-bye, and for ev#r!" " Good-bye 1" she said. The quarter of an hour through which she then passed aged her many years. " The fifteen minutes are at an end," said Sir Edgar. " Let us see what this cavalry captain of the dolefnl countenance has to say for himself." She did not dare to trust herself to say a word. " Horror !" cried the baronet. " He ac cuses himself of the murder of the man Budeley, and says that by the time this letter is being read, he will have expiated his crime by suicide." It was then she contemplated the im mensity of her selfishness in not at once revealing the facts to her husband. She felt that an innocent life had been sacri ficed. With a terrible cry, she was about to tell Sir Edgar all, when the door opened, and Mr. Suiail, with the acuteness of his race, seeing what was about to happen, saved her by saying, " Sir Edgar, your friend Captain Fierre- poiut has been arrested upon some charge, and is now safe iu custody." That same night, the miserable man Giles, suddenly seized with au attack of delirium tremens, blurted out the whole of the particulars of the murder. In fact, he made an unintentional confession of acts and motives on his part. But not a word did he say about Captain Pierrepoint. Certain material points of evidence were corroborated, and when, the next morning, the wretched man -%ame to his senses, he learned what he had done. He was committed for trial, and Wal singham acquitted ; but it is possible that his actual ooafw«k>n was brought absmt, Hot by any repentance on his part, but by the information that his abominable wife was dead, in consequence of inflammation of tbe lungs, taken at a ball- room, where she had worn a very low-cut dress. He ascertained these facts by an application for the payment of certain debts. Then he confessed his crime fully, and threw light upon every point. However, he saved the executioner a morning's work by strangling himself in prison. The sacrificial confession made by Fair- holt Pierrepoint, written to save Walsing- ham, and at the same time to protect Lady St. Maule from shame, was never . made public. But Sir Edgar himself found, the confes sion in question involved in obscurity. He Bought enlightment from young Mr. Smail, the rising- barrister; and, inasmuch as lawyers are paid to speak falsely, Mi. Smail had no difficulty whatever in expressing himself according to the following terms : — : 44 Captain Pierrepointloves Miss Walsing- hsm, and in a foolish and reprehensible spirit of insane self-sacrifice, he accused himself, and went the length of contem plating suicide to save her brother. He did not know that she had loved him ever lince she was a little girl. And now all Ibis ugly business is over, it is to be hoped they will marry." Three months afterwards Sir Edgar said to his wife, " You see, Smail was right. Pierrepoint has married Grace and has behaved very handsomely to Miss Walsing- ham." . And so it came about that Lady Maule's secret was not revealed. 