TALES. THE ANIMATED PORTRAIT, OR THE GROBY CASTLE CONSPIRACY : AN EXTRAVAGANZA IN SEVEN SCENES. By Arthur Locker. [The right of publication in Australia has been purchased by the proprietors of the ' Sydney Mail.'] VI. — Airy Fairy Lilian. 'Was there really a conspiracy hatching within the venerable walls of Groby ? Lady Egglesthorpe cer tainly thought bo, and she also believed that Mr, Samuel Chiltoe, that mysterious little man, who alternately attracted and repelled her, -was at the bottom of it. The Earl also knew something of which his wife as yet remained in blissful ignorance, namely, that Groby had passed out of his hands and that 60 far from being a munificent host entertaining a circle of Christmas guests, the presence of himself and his family at the Castle was solely due to the good lutured forbearance of that vulgar little proprietor of the Incomparable Hair Dye. Having a super stitious streak in his composition he was wont to repair every day, and sometimes several tides in the day, to the Haunted Chamber, where he would stand for many minutes together with his arms folded, and his eyes fixed on the immovable countenance of Ancestor Ralph. He was thus engaged early in the morning of the 3]st of December, on the evening of which the much anticipated Calico Ball was to take place. ' The last day of the Old Year, Ancestor Ralph,' he said, addressing the picture, which was just visible in the dawning light of the brief winter day. ' Long before this time next year a new master will rule in the Caste. 'When that happens I shall be afraid to look \ on in the face. I shall hide you in a garret in Upper ] .'rook-street, with your face to the wall. But could you endure the change more easily, Ancestor Ralph, if tills stranger, who is destined to take my place, were to ally himself with my family, fay, with my Hilda?'' To the discomfiture of the Earl's nerves, a deep sepulchral voice, which, apparently came from the picture itself, distinctly replied, ' I could.' The Earl laid his hands on the mouldering tapestry, and was on the point of drawing it aside with the view of discovering -whether there was any person concealed behind it, when his attention was distracted by the sound of rapid footsteps hurrying up the stairs» accompanied by half suppressed childish screams, in which merriment and terror were equally blended. Iii another moment the door was abruptly opened. The 31st of December, be it known, besides being the day fixed for the Calico Ball, was also the anni versary of, in the opinion of the Lady Lilian, a much more important event, namely, the Lady Lilian's birthday. Her ladyship awoke at a very early hour, and lay awake for some time, exercising her imagina tion over the presents which she was likely to receive, till at last the excitement became too much for her, and, as the sleepy nurse 6howed no signs of rising, she got up and quietly dressed herself. It was so delightful being up while the rest of the household -was wrapt in a solemn stillness, that presently she aroused her brother Eustace in order that she might have a companion in her enjoyment. Eustace quite saw the fun of the thing ; as soon as he was broad awake, he dressed himself in a trice, and then the pair wandered about the corridors and passages like a couple of little ghosts. ' Hush, whats that?' whispered Eustace, clutch ing his sisters hand, and thiu sting her into a corner. It was sufficiently terrifying. A tall male figure, arrayed in what looked like a dressing-gown, crept stealthily up the staircase leading to the Haunted Chamber. 'It's papa,' replied Lilian, who between cold and fright was all of a tremble. ' He often goes there now.' ' No, that's papa ! ' exclaimed the brother, blow ing out the candle as he 6poke for fear of detection. It was very extraordinary. A second male figure, also arrayed in a dressing-gown, but stouter and less active in step, had also mounted the stairs leading towards the mysterious apartment. Lady Lilian's courage was rapidly oozing away. She began to -whimper, and said, ' I want to go jjack I toted.' 'Oh, nonsense!' replied the valiant Eustace. ' Why, the sun'll be up soon. Let's go and pay Mr. Chiltoe a visit. He's such a jolly chap, though mamma say he murders the Queen'6 English.' Presently, having advanced a little further, Eustace paused before a door. 'Doesn't the splashing sound jolly ? He's having his shower-bath. No, Lily, you mustn't peep through the keyhole. It's only intended for gentlemen. I'll look, and tell you when he has his dressing-gown on. There ; now he's all right, and we can go in.' Mr. Chiltoe was not unaccustomed to the visits of these young persons, and usually took certiin pre cautions before admitting them, but on the present occasion, before Lilian had been two minutes inside the door, she saw something on the dressing-table of such an extraordinary and unexampled character that she clapped it on her head, and when Mr. Chiltoe tried to take it from her rushed out of the room, screaming with half- hysterical laughter. Mr. Chiltoe followed, with a towel hastily thrown over his head, and a hair-brush in either hand. He pursued the little Lady Lilian, who ran like a hare, and whose brother kept pace with her, to the door of the Haunted Chamber, which Eustace boldly opened. Father and children were so mutually sta tied at the sight of each other that they only half-saw, or did not see at all, a tall figure which glided fiom behind the arras, snatched something from Lilian's curly pate, placed it on Chiltoe's head, and vanished. Mr. Chiltoe himself retreated immediately afterwards towards his own apartment, running in his flight right into the motherly arms of Lady Egglesthorpe, to whom he apologised profusely for his «tate of dishabille. The Countess had been told that Lilian and Eustace had mysteriously disappeared from their beds, and was anxiously seeking them, so Bhe was quite relieved when she found they were safe and 6ound, and kissed Lilian with fervour. ' Mamma,' said the litt'e Birthday Pet in an en gaging half-whisper, ' I've Been somefin' bo funny. Mr. Chiltoe has a ? ' What bullies elder Bisters can sometimes be? Just as poor Lilian was beginning her story the Ladies Mildred and Hilda rushed forward simultaneously and with anxious faces, saying, ' Dear mamma, Lily talks too much; she'll excite herself into a fever. Come, Lily, there is something wonderful in the con servatory. Let's go and look at it.' Away trotted Lilian, with the haDpy elasticity of childhood, forgetting all about Mr. Chiltoe in the anticipation of this new marvel. The something wonderful in the conservatory proved to be a collec tion of birthday presents, and Lilian was persuaded by Hilda to put on her hat and jacket, and to enter the house, professing to have been out shopping in the village. It was a pretty siglit, the company thought, when they had assembled for breakfast, to see her arrival, her face grave with excess of joy, and her little armB laden with gifts. VII. — Ancestor Ralph Steps out of thb Canvas. The characters in the calico ball which took place at Groby Castle on the evening of the 31st December were entirely sustained either by children or by young persons who had not yet done growing. 1 he dresses had been very carefully designed, and they attracted a great deal of attention, inasmuch as they afforded a pretty complete panorama of the fashions from the middle ages up to a recent date. It was a picturesque sight to see them filing along two by two in procession. A French Incroyablc of the period to which the famous Madame Angot belonged walked with one of Queen .Bess's maids of honour; Mary Queen of Scots took the arm of a Hussar ; George the Third went back some centuries, to the time of Richard the First, for a partner ; a mediaeval jester vented his sallies on a staid little maiden out of one of Albert Durer's engravings. There was nothing wonderful in the fact that a shepherdess should be linked with a postboy, but it was remark able that a gay laiy from the Court of the Merry Monarch should condescend to walk with a long-tailed Chinaman. Instead of a wolf, Little Red Riding Hood chose Paddy with his shillelagh under his arm for a comrade ; and besides these there were peasants from Normandy and Alsace, a vivan diire, a corsair, Turks, Italians, Spaniards, and a Boulogne fisherwoman leaning on the arm of a British Jack-tar. The Ladies Mildied and Hilda had worked indefatigably in the arrangement of the children's toilettes, and they received valuable aid from Mr. Chiltoe, who, as became the inventor of the In.om parable Hair Dye, showed considerable skill in the arrangement of tresses, whether artificial or naturaL The grown-up portion of the company, who were attired in ordinary evening costume, played, at any rate in the earlier hours of the ente tainment, the p.ivt of spectators ratherthan of actors, and they were con tent to look on at elaborate quadrilles which wcv.-» d need by little ladies and gentlemen hailing in pci; ; i o !' dress from all the centuries between the twelfth, and the nineteenth. Later on, however, the inspiriting strains of the musicians became too fascinating for resistance. and everybody, old a.d young, tall and short (a smn;! minority excepted, who did not care for dancing), wm? presently whirling round in waltzes, galopa, and the newly revived polkas, or threading the mazes of Scotch reels, or -kneeling down in the Swedish couti e danse, or advancing or retreating in La Tempete, cr bowing and curtseying in Roger de Coverley. Fancy and non-fancy dresses were all mingled together in comic complexity. Napoleon the Great, a p'ump little hero of iour-feet-six, was being whirled round by a wiry spinster aunt of five-feet-nine; Blim young men in swallow-tailed coats strove to dance with little ladies from the Courts of FranciB I., Henry IV., and Louis XIV.; while a small but gallant grenadier, who might have fought at Fontsnoy, pirouetted with a tall young lady dressed in the severely classic style of the First French Republic. Nobody was in greater request than Mr. Samuel Chiltoe. He danced every dance, round, square, or polygonical ; and as he always chose a fresh lady, he worked his way conscientiously through the centuries. He was, of course, too peculiar to be dressed in ordinary evening garments. He wore a Court suit of rich plum-colour, and, despite his fiery hair and tinted spectacles, made a very smart little figure. The Earl of Effglesthorpe, the o tensible master of the mansion, stood by the fireplace, between his wile and Sir Anthony Ammerdown, gazing at the merry scene with eyes which had lost their usual exj.ressio;: of easy good-humour. Just then the clock chime.1 three-quarters. The hands pointed to a quarter to 12. 'The New Year will soon be here,' observed Si. Anthony. 'Ay!' said the Earl, gloomily, 'and the new owner of Groby will soon claim his rights.' ' Algy ! my darling husband, of what are you speaking?' exclaimed Lady Egglesthorpe in alarm. ' Sir Anthony,' continued the Earl, ' you arc an old fa nily friend, and I will tell you all. Gwendolen may as well hear it too. She must hear it some day. I have been hit hard by those confounded companies, I wanted cash, and I have sold Groby to-t-— ' here the Earl nearly broke down—' to that red headed little monkey in plum-coloured velvet !' «- Algy,' murmured the Countess, with her hand kerchief to her eyes, ' is this a dream or a reality r' ' It is a fiction, my dear Lady Egglesthorpe,' srii I Sir Anthony, emphatically. ' Chiltoe, I am certain, has never ? ' Here the speech of the ex-Minister was interrupt.il by a commotion at the lower end of the hall, whence there proceeded loud shrieks, and whether in a lev moments everybody crowded from all sides of the spacious apartment. Presently above the hujbab the resonant voice of Mr. Chiltoe was heard shouting, '?Give him room, ladies and gentlemen! Give tLc gallant warrior room to move !' Before proceeding further, it u advisable at tint point to step a few paces backward in the chronology of this narrative. Among the visitors at Groby Castle there were two young ladies, sisters, named Twitterly, who were of a highly nervous imaginative temperament, and who were also greatly addicted to the reading and telling of ghost stories. These girls longed to pay a visit to the Haunted Chamber at Groby, concerning which some wonderful stories had been told them. ' When could we have a more favourable opportunity than this i' whispered Clara to Agnes, as they stood in a corner apart from the merry throng of dancers. ' It is the last night of the old year, and the clock will soon strike twelve. Tb e upper part of the house must be quite deserted. If the ghost of Ralph Lilburne does ever walk, it is as likely to walk on this night as on any night in th year.' ?? I will come, dear Clara,' replied Agnes, in &n; impassioned tone. ' We might see Something. How dreadfully nice it would be !' * ?'-: So the Miss Twitterlys stole away unperceived n - staud, and Clara 6oftly opened the door of the Haunted Chamber. To' her surprise the room was not wrapped in darkness, for a candle was burning on the centre table. The girls' eyes were instantly fascinated by the portrait of Ralph Lilbume. The dim lght male him see:n singularly life-like. 'It looks more I'.ke a real man than a picture,' whispered Agnes. Instead of replying articulately, Clara uttered a low cry pf terror, and clasped her sisters han 1. Ir. is one thing to anticipate seeing a super natural appearance ; it is another and a much more teirif)ing thing to tee it in reality. Bo'h the girl* distinctly sue the right hami of the portrait more on! of the canvas ! In another moment the entire Jiyitr? followed, stepped noiselessly on ths carpet, ancf advanced towards them ! 1 he Miss Twitterlys uttered a simultaneous shriek, and rushed hind in hand down the Btaucase, closely followed by the doughty Cavalier. On each trying occasions there is mush consola tion in the presence of a multitude, so the Miss Twitterlys fled for refuge, still shrieking loudly, intJ the midst of the brilliantly lighted hall. The Spectre followed them. To the company generally, who were unaware of the uncanny fashion in which Ralph had stepped from his fra re,' there was nothing terrifying in his aspect. 1 hey simply saw a hand some young mm, correctly attired in the costume of Charles I.'s day, and they not unnaturally regarded htm as one of the characters in the Calico Sail, and crowded curiously round him. It was then that the indefet gab'.e Mr. U hi) toe, as mentioned above, asked them to give the gallant warrior room to move. As soon as Ancestor Ralph, was released by Mr. Chiltoes exertions from the surrounding pressure, he advanced towards the Lady Mildred, and making her a low bow offered her his arm. Lady Mildred accepted it with a gracious smile, but with perfect self-possession, as if Ghosts were ns common as Guardsmen. The next moment Mr. Chiltoe, with a grotesque obeisance, offered his arm t) Lady Hilda, who accepted it with ejual readiness. The quartet then advanced with slow and stately steps towards the fireplace, followed at a respeetful distance by the rest of the company, among whom tbe Miss Twitterlys were not the least interested. Just as they arrived within a few paces of the Earl and Countess, the' clock in the great tower clanged ?ut the hour of 12. The New Year had begun ! 'I desire,' said the Spectre solemnly, 'to confer with your lordship privately in your library. I will name th3 other members of this company wh m I ?wish to be present at this interview. They are th^se : Her Ladyship the Countess of Esrglesthorpe. her two elder daughters, the Ladiea Mildred and Hilda, ?rir Anthony Ammerdown, and my old and faithful friend Mr. Samuel Chiltoe.' The Spectre bowed with profound gravity to each person in succession as he mentioned hie or her naiie. ' The remain ler of our friends,' he aided, including the rest of the assemblage in one courteous and com prehensive salute, ' will be good enoagh ti lesume dancing until our business is completed.' 'This is quite too delightful,' whispered Agnes Twitterly to her sister, as the Spectre and his chosen companions retired in the direction of the library. ' It is like a chapter of the ' Mysteries of Udolpho' performed in real life.' 'But I think, dear Agnes, yo a and I should have been treated as privileged guests, and invited to share in this mysterious. council. Our eyes alone saw him descend from the frame in whieh he had been fixed motionless for ever so Ion? ; our eyes alone saw him once more metamorphosed into a thing of life !' ' Perhaps he was annoyed at our intrusion.' *' Possibly he was. It U curious that now I don't feel the least afraid of him.' ?? Nor I.' 'He i3 so good-looking.' 'And no one would take him for a gh ? for an inhabitant of ths invisible word, don't yon know, unles* you knew, as we know, that he was one .' ' He feels sd substantial.' ' You did not touch him, Clara !' ' I did, indeed, in the crowd, and he felt exactly like anybody else.' ' Oh ! Clara, I'm afraid you have no seme of reverence.' On reaching the library, the company, convoyed by the Spectre, found the lamps lighted, and Mr. Kexby, the family lawyer, and Mr. Knoyle, the bailiff, seated at the table, on which lay an ample array of docu ments. These two gen lemen rose and bo ^ed respect fully. They did not appear in the least surprise i or disconcerted at the a pearance of the Spectre, a cir cumstance which especially perplexed the Earl. ' I do not believe in ghosts,' said his lordship ; ' at the same time I am bjuad to confess, sir,' he con tinued, addressing himself to the Spectre, '? that you ? bear a very strong resemblance to the portrait of a T«ni»nti»rl forefather of mine, commonly known in the family as Ancestor Ilalph. May I take the liberty of asking your name r' ?' For a few moments I prefer ta keep my name a secret,' replied the Spectre. ' May I ask the object of this mysterious summons to the library ?' ' In that respect your lordship's curiosity shall be immediately gratified. Not long ago, in this room, you effected an important transfer of property ?' ' Yes, I know I did. I was driven up into a corner, and I couldn't help myself.' *' You need not repent the transaction. I am the bearer of good news.' Here the Spectre drew a roll of parchment from his bosom. 'My lord, permit me to return to you the title-deeds of Groby Castle.' ' You're very kind,' said the Earl, «? but I can't afford to buy back the estate. I've no money. Mr. Chiltoe' s cheque has melted away irrevocably, gone to satisfy the claims of my creditors. Kexby told \- ; -»so.' 'No pecuniary compensation is needed,' answered the Spectre. 'I don't understand,' said the Earl. 'I'm thoroughly puzzled. Besides, what about Mr. Chiltoe? Has he no voice in the scatter? Is he ?willing to cancel his bargain r' ' Mr. Chiltoe and I are in partnership in this affair,' 'dthe Spectre gravely, 'and we demand a reward, iat^ ^ cot a money-reward, for the restoration of thong. * ^-deeds.' yourtitlb money- reward!' exclaimed the Earl. 'Not a '--e can stir the enthusiasm of a newly ?*-Why what eu. irietor?' fledged landed pro t Spectre, 'the fair hand of the ?'This,' said the .. «* raised it to his ghostly lips, Lady Mildred.' And Ik -nduredthe gallant salute and kissed it. The lady t-~ ^ty, ?with the most engaging amiabu. fae Countess, ex 'Mv dear Algy!' interposed . vou really must citedly, ' you must not permit this, . ..y^ (jroby. not! Not' even for the sake of rtcovv. ^» Mildred has promised Sir Anthony ? ?' e g^. 'That Bhe will marry any gentleman ok ^^ Anthony's selection,' said Mildred. ' It it not so, *». Anthony r' 'It is,' replied the ex-Minister. 'And, as your daughter appears to approve of the choice, I make * my decision in favour of this gentleman in trunk hoBe.' ' Ladies and gento,' exclaimed Mr. Chiltoe, in his Vttlgamt tones, 'plem don't forget poor little Me. Me and Hancestor Ralph ar« in Co. together. He pairs hbff with the Lady Mildred, and Hi, Hi claim the 'and of the lovely Lady 'llda!' ' And I accent Mr. Chiltoc'a proposal,' said the Lady Hilda, smiling and blushin.', ' prodded papa and mamma will gve their consent.' ' I'm more puzzled than ever,' exclaimed the Earl. ' Ira lost in the profjundest astonishment/' cried the Countess. 'Pe.niit me to explain matters,1' said Lawyer Kexby, quietlv stepping forward. ' I took tie liberty of mentioning to Sir Anthony, as he is an old and stanch family friend, that your lordship was in pecuniary difficulties. He said he would help you ! if he could do so without hurting a our lor lsh'ips feelings. Then we all laid our heads to .ether, and ' concocted a plot. Everybody was in the conspiracy, except your lordehip, and her lalyship the Countess. Mr. Chiltoe ? ' here the lawyer made a signifi cant gesture, whereupon the Ht;le gentleman addressed divested hiniself of a bear I, wig, and spectacles, and revealed the featu:es of a small but handsome dark haired young man. Mr. Alfred Hall Bowling of the Scamperdown,' exclaime i the Countess. ' Leftenant Har, Hen, eh! Lady E*gle6thorpe ':' replied the soi- distmt Chiltoe. ' I hope your ladyship will forgive me all my tricks. If you knew the martyrdom I have endured wearing that meltingly oppressive wi» and bard, and the danger I have in curred of vulgarizing myself for life by forgetting how to pronounce my h's, I am sure you would for give me !' ' You will forgive him, ma tima, won t your' 6aid Hilda, throwing her arms round her mothers neck. Who could resist her pretty airs of fascination? 'I begin to suspect,' said the Earl, \iith the old merry twinkle kindling in his eyes, ' that Ancestor Ralph is also an impostor.' ' Well, I must admit that he is,' answered Sir Anthony ; ' he does not belong to the seventeenth century at all. He is a certain tall son of mine, for whom I entertain a corsi ierable regard, and who, I hope, if he works hard and does his duty, may live some day to be her Majesty's representative at Wash ington, Paris, or Berlin. Takeoff -our wig, Edgar, and ehow yourself in your real colours.' ' Sir Anthony,' said the Earl, clasping his old friend's hand, ' I shall never forgive you.' ' Nor 1,' added the Countess with a smile. And ??he kissed the old statesman's wrinkled cheek. ' Yes, I'll forgive you on one condition. That you will tell us how you maniged it all.' 'I won't promise,' replied Sir Anthony, 'to let the whole of the cat out of the bag at once, but 1 11 disclose this much. I felt great pleasure in spending some of my money in helping an old friend out of a difficulty, and I knew, for certain tender reasons ' (here he glanced at Mildred), ' that Edgar would be my stanch ally. Just then, as luck would have it, Mr. Howling came home on sick leave. Not very siek, I suspect — an affection of the chest which I may venture to designate as Hildamania. Well, I didn't grudge putting my hand in my pocket to help you, my friend, but I determined to have some fun for my money, and I think I've had it. By the way, we haven t done any damage to your lordship's family picture. Ancestor Ilalph was carefully removed from his frame, an I when the right moment came Edgar took his place. That pair of ghost-loving sisters visited the* Haunted Chamber ust at the right moment. They had received delicate hints that if they went there they might see some thing wonderfu'.1' 'Buthow did you manage the my6tenous v-jice from the picture which I heard on two' occasions r' asked Lord Egglesthorpe. 'Your lordship remembers Gussage'r' answered Mr. Hall Bowling, otherwise Chiltoe, ' the rusty attorneys clerk 5'' ' Perfectly ; a fellow who never opened his mouth, and who was always blushing ' ' Well, he's a friend of mine whom we enlisted in the plot beeause he is an accomplished amateur ven triloquist. He s an awfully shy* fellow, but he agreed to join our conspiracy pro'ided he was never brought into contact with, any ladies. Mr. Knoyle gave him bachelor entertainment at his house, and, except when we required his services professionally, he spent his days in rabbit-shooting and his evenings in grinding for theJndian Civil Service, and colouring a new meerschaum pipe.' ' It was very rash of you, Alfred,' said Hilda, 'to allow the children to invade your dressing-room.' ' Yes,' replied her lover, ' I was within an ace of being found out that morning when Lilian ran off with my auburn wig. Gussage behaved like a brick on that occasion. He was lurking, like Polonius, behind the arras, with the benevolent(intention of giving your lordship a ventriloquial surprise, when he saw the critical state of affairs, rushed coura geously on the gigantic robber, and restored to me my head gear. *' And you, Bowling deserve the highest credit,' observed Edgar Ammerdown, ' for so skilfully keep ing Ladv Eggl sthorpe in conversation while Mildred and I were enjoying our interview on the stairs.' ' I think you young people have behaved most im pudently, ' said the Countess. # 'I can hardly be persuaded to forgire you. What^o you think of their conduct, Algy?' she added, turning to her husband. ' Unparalleled audaeity is the only word for it,' answered the Earl. ' If any one had told' me a twelve month ago that I should be so systematically hum bugged and hoodwinked under my own roof I should have been ready te ? But you see the young rogues were playing for very interesting stakes' — here he paused to kiss his daughters — ' and it's the first hour of a New Year, and I've got my Castle back again, so, all things considered, I suppose I must forgive and forget, and say 'BIces you, my children !' — And now. Ancestor Ralph, are you going to return to your frame ? ' *' I should like some supper first, if your lordship has no objection,' replied' the ex- Spectre. 'It's rather tiring work enacting the part of an Animated Portrait.' THE END. 