? DESTITDTION ON YOEKE'S PENINSULA.—In another column appears a telegraphic report of an excited and angry meeting which took plaoe at the Moanta Mines yesterday to consider the reply of the district Relieving Officer, Mr. A. J. Edmunds, S.M., to a deputation which hail waited opon,him in reference to cases of destitution. It was alleged that he had withdrawn or denied relief in cases where it was urgently needed. Great indignation was expressed Mr. Edmunds's, conduct, and it was resolvi that" the poor laws in his hands are- receiving a most harsh and illiberal interpretation.' Another proposition of a . most sweeping character . was also agreed to. It was to thie effect that if the relief laws had been fully carried out they are " inhuman, quite unworthy of a wesdthy Christian State, and demand imm^xiiate amendment and liberalization.'' A numbet of cases of alleged destitution, in which relief had been refused, or given insufficiently, wene cited, and a Committee was appointed examine' as to the state of the laws affecting the relief of the poor, with a view tie remedying ' the present state of things. In order that the case may be more readily understood we publish the report of the deputatii to . Mr. Edmunds which appeared in tJ Wallaroo Times-.—"A ' deputation from t! Moonta Mines was introduced to the Relievi: Officer of the Destitute Board for the Penins (Mr. A. J. Edmunds) by the Rev. Q. Lake, at Wallaroo, on Thursday, 17th instant, to press upon him the desirability of increasing relief ib destitute people in that locality. The Rev. O. Lake in introducing' the deputation remark that the people on the mines were dissatisfij with the manner in which relief was afforde , and its inadequacy to meet the requirements of the destitute. Several cases had come under his notice of which he -gave instances, and mentioned in particular the case of a man named James Scully who was utteily destitute .and received no relief. The complaint, he said, was not without foundation. Mr. Edmunds said he dill not wish to foster pauperism. The Rev. O. Lake said that he quite concurred, but he thought deserving cases should be promptly and lit assisted. Mr. Prisk followed the rev. gentleman, and concurred in his remarks. He also instanced several cases deserving relief, particularly that of James Scully, a man aged 62 who was unable to work, and yet got no relief .from the Board. Messrs. Dixon and Hodgje also spoke to the same ..effect. Mr. Edmunds then requested the Secretary to the Board (Mr. .Gold) to turn up the papers of the Boarf' relative to the cases referred to. On this beinj done it was found that James Scully was i receipt of a ration, and some others were abb receiving relief. ' Mr. Edmunds said be did not see that any hardship existed. In fact, he was very much-surprised at the numbed of persons seeking relief in the district Over £1,000 - -had been spent annually on the Peninsula (Mr. Prisk said the population' of the Peninsula amounted to oneeighth Of that of the colony). He did not think the fact of children being shoeless, referred to by the speakers, was a sign of destitution, or came' within the province of the Board to relieve. Many children preferred to go without shoes or stockings. If any of the people mentioned who were not receiving relief would produce a medical certificate of their inability to work, he would be very happy to reconsider their caBes. The Rev. O. Lake thanked the Relieving •Officer for the hearing he had given them, although he feared their visit would biear but little fruit. The Relieving Officer thanked tlife deputation for the information they had given him of several cases, particularly that of Mrs. Roberts, and again assured them that if any of the people mentioned who were not obtaining relief would produce a medical certificate, hfe would he most happy to reconsider their cases. THE VOLCNTEEB FOBCE.—We have beeh officially informed that next Thursday's Gazett will notify the appointment of Colonel Biggi J.P., as enrolling officer under the Volunteer Act He will immediately after the publication qf the notice, make known by advertisement the places and time of his attendance in the various districts already proclaimed to enroi volunteeif under the regulations of 18S6. These regukf tions are now in force, and will be republished in this week's Gazette. Copies iilp^mphlst fon£ . can be obtained at the Staff Office, North-terrac^, <: POET, AI)KT,^YT>B AND SPBPBBAN RIFLE iXjLxndL —A special meeting of the members has been convened for this evening at the Glanville Hotel. PASSENGERS BY THE EXILY SHITH.—Advices received by the last mail from Western Australia stated that about 30 persons, whointended fcoming to Adelaide by the mail steamer, were left behind owing to there being insufficient accommodation on board. It is probable that a large number of these people were on the Emily CIT.LEM & WIGLEY v. KING.—On this case being called on at the Police Court on Tuesday,, Mr. Stuart stated that it had been arranged as a convenience to Mr. Boucaut, Q.C., and Mr. Mann, Q C., that the case should be adjourned for a week; and Mr. Stuart also said that aftefc the arrangement had been made a letter haft been received signed by Mr. Smith, the attorney for the informants, headed "Police v. King," and in which the writer said he would offer n6 objection .to the adjournment if the policfe offered none. Mr. Stuart could not understand what concern the police had with the case, the prosecution being by private persons for ah alleged libel. The prosecutors were not repreisented, and the case was adjourned till the 29th instant. \ LECTUBE ON POLAND.—Count de Zaba, who is making a brief stay in Adelaide, has kindly consented to deliver a lecture on the history and literature of Poland in aid of the funds of the .Children's Hospital. His Excellency, the Administrator of the Government has consented to preside at the lecture, which is to be given in the Exchange Room on Friday evening, May 29. THE FIBE IN RUNBLE-STEEET.—An enquiry into the circumstances connected with the fire at Messrs. Wilcox's establishment wiil be held by the City Coroner this morning. ; PHILHARMONIC SOCIETY. — The first season concert of this Society is announced for Thursday evening next in White's Rooms. The programme consists of a very choice selection of music. We observe that in anticipation of a full attendance the Committee have determined upon limiting the number of tickets to the capacity of the room. T FIXNDEBS-STEEET CHURCH.—A tea meeting in connection with the Flinders-street Presbyterian Sabbath School anniversary services will be held this evening in the church, and will be followed by a service of song. • H.M.S. NYHPHE. — The Acting-Governor, accompanied by the* Private Secretary, thb Aide-de-Camp,. and.some ladies, paid a visit to H.M.S. Nymphe on Monday, May 21. A special train took the party to the Port, whence they proceeded to the ship by two of her boats. A large number of spectators from the wharf witnessed the usual honours being given to Hife Excellency, but it was not deemed prudent to fire a salute of guns, lest the accompanying shock might prove injurious to the buildings at the Port. Having inspected the ship, this Acting-Governor, after a stay of over two hours, left the Port for Adelaide at a qrarter-past 2 o'clock in the afternoon. There were but few visitors to the vessel during the day. PARUAMENTABY.—We understand that thte Hon. R. C. Baker, M.A., and the Hon. H. Kent Hughes will respectively move and second the adoption of the address to the Governor's speec] in the Legislative Council. Mr. David Murr< and Mr. Neville Blyth will undertake similar duties in the Assembly. i COMFCISOBY EDUCATION.—From a minute referred to at' the meeting of the Education Council on Monday, May 21, it appears that thie Council had suggested to the Government thjp propriety of making North Adelaide a separate school district and of there enforcing the compulsory clauses of the Education Act. Thie Government decline to take any such step until more school accommodation has been provided. THE STEEET TRAFFIC.—The traffic in the heart of the city has become so great that the police authorities have stationed a constable at thie junction of King William, Hindley, and Ruiidlp streets to prevent too rapid driving round corners. A man has also been specially told off for duty-in Rundle-street to prevent obstruction nt ihe corners, and to see that passengers are not annoyed by larrikins who congregate there j NOBTH ADELAIDE PBESBYTEBIAN CHUBCH.— On Sunday, May 20, the Rev. A. Milne Jarvip announced that he is about to sever his connection with the Presbyterian Church recently established at the Temperance Hall, North Adelaide. ( ; GLEN OSMOND; VOLUNTEERS.—On Saturday last, the 19th instant, the nucleus, nuinbe :ing 24 men, of the proposed Glen Osmond and Mitcham - Infantry Company, met, by the kind permission of the Hon. Ihos. Elder, at Birkigate for the purpose of chill. Mr. Percy Dennison, a gentleman who has recently arrived, from England, acted as drill instructor. At thb close of practice a meeting was held when it was decided to have drill every evening during the current week. ST. FRANCIS XAVEER'S CATHEDBAL.—A correspondent sends us the following:—" On Sunday night this cathedral was crowded, and a mission was solemnly opened. The .object of thp mission—which is equivalent to a revival amongst Protestants—is by special sermons and prayers to prepare Catholics to worthily receive the sacraments, and to enable them to participate in the spritual treasures which the Church lavishes on the faithful at such times. Father Prendergast, one of the most popular Catholic preachers in Adelaide, delivered.the first of the discourses, and took his text from the epistle of the day, which related to the wonderful effects the descent of the Holy Ghost had on the followers of Jesus. The sermon was remarkable for itfe impassioned eloquence and deep impressiveness RECEPTION OF MB. DAVKNPOBT.—The joint Committee of the Exhibition Commission, the Agricultural Society, and the Chamber of Manufactures have decided that the banquet to Mr. Davenport, the representative of the colony Jit the Philadelphia Exhibition, shall take place o^t June 8 if that day is convenient to Mr. Davenport. It is intended to ask the Acting-Governor to preside. On the same date there will be ah exhibition—open to the public free of charge— of all the. labour-saving implements obtained by Mr. Davenport in America and Canada. Persons who have machinery from those countries are desired to forward it in order that the usefulness and attractiveness of the Exhibition may be increased. THE POKT TEMPOBABY BBIDOE.—It is high time some attention was paid to the temporary bridge over ihe Port River, as it is in a jby n6 means safe condition, groaning as it does under the heavy traffic passing over it from early dawn till late at night. At the Glanville end there is a large hole which if not filled up will be the means of causing a serious accident. The roadway of the bridge, is inches deep in mud conr cealing numerous holes, to the great discomfiture of the passengers; and the whole structure being only wide enough for one vehicle at a time, except at the recess near the centre, the coaches to and from the trains are oft n delayed by having to w?it Tor some slow-moving loaded dray to cross over. The road from the Semaphore is about on a - par . with the bridge, and requires as mach lookiag after. * THE WRECK OF THE EMILY SMITH.—Some further particulars have reached us from Capa Borda; but up to a late hour last night th4 r keepers who had gone to search for the othet scrvivors from the wreck had not returned. Tii4 -accounts from r';emen who have reached Oap4 ;Borda show that they had encountered great pril vainons, and that there is little hope for the man and the woman whom they left behind too exhausted to travel farther, destitute as they were both of raiment and food. . Telegrams from our Special Reporter and Mr. J. M. Belcher will be found in the usual column-. j CATHEDRAL OF ST PETER.—On and after Sunday next full choral service will te lei4 every Sunday afternoon in this cathedral. AJ1 the sittings will be free. 