H^eïeg'rapHio. X'J tn.jA. -. j-1 «ed1 '"RBUTER'a TELItOlUMB , TO ABSQOIATKD PKF.8B. , ¡ v . - [BT SUDMAKINH TELEQRAPH.] ; THE WAR. [. ' BOMBAY, April 27. ' THE' Porte, in answer to the manifestó pro- claimed by the Czar of Russia, attacks him for oa unprovoked appeal to the Treaty of 1856 and to the mediation of the leading European Powers. The Russians are pouring into Roumnnia, and have already reached Galntz, on the Danube. The Cossacks are marching upon Kalafat. The Turkish forces aro also advancing. The Paris Press does not consider the remarks made by Count Von Moltke in the Prussian Reichstag as of a hostile character. England. , THE WOOL MARKET. P LONDON, April 25. The Merchants Committee has decided to restrict the quantity to be offered at the wool sales to 800,000 bales, exclusive of 40,000 held over from the last series. The brokera have agreed to thii decision. The quantity arrived to date amounts to 303,270 bules. The cargoes arrived in time are those by the J*"-tha Borne, Nineveh, Hydnspes, La Hogue, St Leonard's, Eden Holme, and Clara. Subse- quent arrivals will be excluded. ? Maryborough. [FROM OÜK OWN CORRESPONDENT.] April 27. The Hon. John Douglas, the Premier, was declared elected, to-day, without opposition. Three nomination papers were received by the returning-officer, all in favor of Mr. Douglas. Mr. Annear, the Mayor, on behalf of tlie Premier, returnod thanks for bia re- election. Cooktown. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] April 27. The R.M.S. Brisbane left for Singapore to-day with 100 Chinese passengers and 3846 ounces of gold. The Thaïes, s., was admitted to pratiquo to- day, and it is expected that tho Chinese will be released on Monday. The Galley of Lorne, s., is expected back from Fitzroy Island to-morrow. Sydney. [AUSTRALIAN ASSOCIATED PRESS. J April 27. Messre. Bernays and Fenwick, the Queens- land Commissioners to the exhibition, were pas- sengers by the Lady Bqwon, s., to-day, for Brisbane. The award medals and certificates for the Queensland exhibits are iu their care. Cases continue to crop up in the Insolvency Court, arising out of the insolvency of Messrs. Raynes, Treeve, and Co. The banks, with one exception, have agreed to enter into new arrange- ments, not so strict as last. Tho Australian Mutual Piovident Society has determined to invite tho shareholders to sub- scribe and procure busts of the four founders of the society. Messrs. Saul Samuel and H. Goodlet have been elected directors. The Bupply of cattlo to-day was rather in ex- cess of the enquiry, and prices easier. Sheep without alteration. A stowaway found aboard the R.M.S. Aus- tralia, from Auckland, has been sentenced to one month's imprisonment. A man named Edwards has been committed for trial for stealing a large quantity of jewellery aud money from a houBo in Woolloomooloo. Quotations for breadstuff*, are very firm. Large sales of Ade-laido flour havo beeu made during the week for shipment to Queensland, at prices ranging from £17 10s. to £18 per ton. Arrived . Elway, s., from Liverpuol ; Elamang, s., from Brisbane. Sailed : Lady Bowen, s , for Brisbane. BVTUDIIST RACIS. - Maiden Plato: The Pr.intcr. Autumn Handicap : Miss Kingston! 15 Dockwood, 2 ; Rookwood, 3. melbourne. [.VlISTRA* T VN ASSOCIATED PRCSS.J April 27 Mr. Graham Berry, M.L A., speaking at Gee- long last night, said that Sir James M'Culloch had thrown himself into tho arms of the Free- traders, and vi us endeavoring to strike n fatal blow" at the Protectionists. ATTENTION is drawn to the fact announced in our advertising columns that the customary Saturday trip of the Settler to the Bay will not take placelto-day. THE following aildioaa has been prepared, and H in coureo of presentation to Captain Elhden, of the Ziinoid :-"We, the passengers by the ship Zamora, fiom Liverpool on the Sth, and Queenstown on the 21st Decomber, 1870, und arriving at Biiabauo on the 25th April, 1S77, cannot, before leaving the ship, refrain from expressing our high sonse of the able and skilful seamanship shown by Captain Elsdon, R.N., and the officersof the Zamora, aud of our appreciation of the courtesy and consideration shown to tho pissengera during the voyage, especially in P'aig a daily record of the ship's run ¡ and would assiue them of our warmest wishes for tueir futuro prosperity aud welftue." Hero follow the signatures. THE "bluepapor" difficulty in the Supreme Court does uot as yet appear to have been sue awfully got over. In Chambers, yesterday, an application was made in the case of Barnett v. Lubbert, to compel the Registrar to allow judg- ment to bo signed, that official having reso luteb*i although lawfully, refused to do so, be «use the writ and affidavit of soi vico were «Titten on the obnoxious blue paper. The pro ^ iiion in the now Judicature Act In reference to . article has caused quite a mil on tho moro lavored white material j and up north, whero , docunieuU in question bud been prepared, lt «, wo believe, with great difficulty tlint any king but_the proscribed article can be obtained. Tlie learned Chief Justice, before whom the Batter appeared, evidently desirous of tompeiing J"»tice with mercy, determined not to deprive '. ""fortunate litigant entirely of the fruits of a action, but administered n caution by dis allowing i,U coata up to the present stage of the «*, amounting to about four guineas. Lovnu, of cricket, who saw the match recently 1' ayed ¡a tho Queen's Park between Australian ¡th and Uie W"rld' ,VÍU be glad t0 leara tlmt ! beea definitely arranged to play the re "rn match on the afternoons of May 12 and li). retaries of the various clubs havo boon re th'6^6? ^ oomun""cate with the secretary of o Crickot Association in reference to probablo «¿red"' an P-red to procure two teams of as good playoT 34 ««be got together. , THE Civil Sittings o£ the Supreme Court com- mence on Monday next, «before his Honor Sir' Jnines Cockle, Chiot Justice. ] The only cases for Hearing ure- Mosley v., Smith and another, £100, dishonored cheque ¡ Tickle v. Boyd and others, £308 8a., 'dishouoied 'proniissory-ubte ; Hall v. Lane, £100, wrongful conversion of pro- perty. A I'IKCE of land, with sixty-six feet frontage to the esplanade at Sandgnte.nnd adjoining De.igou's Hotel, was Bold to the proprietor a few days ago ' for £100, or about 30s. a foot. This is cheap, considering that more tliiin that figure has been asked, even if not obtained, for lots iu the back Btreeta. A GBNEUAL, meeting of the shareholders of Ko. 7 south Lady Mary was held on Saturday even- ing ; there were twelve present, either personally or by proxy. A report from the mauiger(Mr. George Argo) was read. After describing the work done since the last general meeting the roport ran thus ;-" You will seo that there has been a great deal of prospecting and opening up of new ground done ; it is the only way we can make the claim pay, for generally the drive and stope take all the gold-bearing stone out so that we never reap the benefit of the ' backs ' The prospects of the claim are very good in the southern workiugs on the Caledonian at the 190 feet level, but on the north side they do not look so well. In the now Caledonian v. e got fair gold going south, but we have never seen any as good ns that got in thesiukiug. Another crushing will take the best of the stoue from both placed unless we get something better on the north side than we have nt preseut. I would suggest that the Lady Mary shaft be suuk down to the lower slato as soon ai possible. It will take from eight to, ten weeka with six men, if the sinking remains the same. The average number of men employed has been twenty and four boya." Tho report wa* adopted, and it was decided that the Lady Mary shaft be sunk at once as recommended. The secretary (Mr. Henry) stated that the gold got from the receut crushing had realised £2033 17s. 5d., and that after payment of outstanding liabilities, includ- ing carting and crushing, there would be a balance of £1753 left. It was resolved that a dividend of £1200 should be declared. Mesáis. A. Black, D. Butler, Leishman, Rile), Duck- worth, and Martin were elected directora for the ensuing bix months, and the meeting ended. Gympie Times. Tnu Chiueae of the Palmer (says The Golden Agc of the 14th instant) have been getting large quantities of gold in the neighborhood of Stony, M'Qanu's, and Fine Gold Ciocka lately. Over 600 ounces have been received by the Queens- land National Bank on Wednesday last from these localities. There is n great rush of China- men to Fish Creek, which is situated close to the Conglomerate, where, we believe, they are getting good gold. And now since the rain has ceased, -we hear of some very rich quartz specimens being found by the Chinamen in the different gullies in which they aro working, nu evident indication that there must be some valuable quartz reefs in the neighborhood from which the specimens have been found. A STWKE occurred (says The Cooktown Courier of the 18th instant) among the men employed ou the wharf unloading the A.S.N. Co.'s steamer Leichhardt. The facts of the case are, we be- lieve, as follow :-Seven white men were em- ployed at the usual wages of eighteoupence au hour, and they alleged that it was propei ly ten men's work to unload in the time. They were, however, willing to do it at two shilling« au hour, or au advance of sixpence. The company's agent refused tho advance, the men knocked off, nud their places wero supplied by eleven Chin i meu at one shilliug. THE tribute system is rapidly coming into vogue on this field, and iuseveialcases the tribu ton* have dropped ou a good thing, notably the Welcome p.c, tributors, Hanson and party ; Inch and party, p c, nud Hunter and paity, No. 4 North Australian ; Havelock, p.c., Douovau and party ; Wellington No. 1 aud 2, Sullivan and party, and Jones and party ; and Rainbow No. 2, Thomas and party. Of course, the Welcome tribute is an exceptionally rich one, but the other tributes mentioned give very fair dividends, aud somo of them aro likely to yiold as rich if not richer returns as when first opened. The tiibuto system woika well, and generally suits both tho owuor of the claim and the tributors, if let at a fair percentage. ltbo.vuDi.NO the Hodgkinson reefs, tho Thorn- borough coi respondent of The Cooktown Courier obaeiveä that there is a groat deal of dead work to be executed in tnoBtof the claims ero a socond crushing is got out, for it appears to me that in nine cases out of ten tho miners got out a first crushing in the best way they could, without studying in the slightest degiee the beat mode of opening up their ground ; in conséquence of which theio is evei y likelihood of us expeiieueing a comparatively dull time for a month or two to come. There is not much speculation in Bhares at present, but theie ia plenty of time fur that sort of business. Good gold was struck in the No. 2 Kingnboi.iugli last week, which circum- stance has enhanced the value of claims on that line to a aerv considoinble extent | THE Bulletin, alluding to the recent elootion for Normanby, says :-Weunticipated the election of Mr. Jones with somo confidence, because, pro- bably through inadvertence, Mr. Fox committed the sorious mistake of holding his election meet- ing nt Cowarral in a public-house. This, how- ever innocently done, is deemed an aot of bribery by the Elections Act of 1874, makes the election void, and rendel s the candidate liable to a penalty of £200 or six months' imprisonment. No one acciiBes Mr. Fox of wilfully running counter to the statut«*, but a candidate for Parlia- mentary honora should have boon cognisant of the provisions of the Act iu this respect. It may be hoped that no nppenl to the law will bo necessary, but aftei the warm contest which has just terminated, and the vory narrow mnjority by which Mr. Fox can win, Mr. Jones would be certainly justified iu claiming the seat if ho could proa e a p dp ible infringement uf tho law had been committed by Ina opponent. Any difliculty of this kind, howevei, would be a matter for i egret, the contest having been curried on by Mr. Fox, BO far as our present in- formation extends, in an honorable and gentle- manly manner. The Northern Argus says : " With regard to the statement risked in tho Bulletin, that Mr. Fox held a meeting in a public house at Cowarral, that gentleman can afford to laugh nt it, as there ia not the shadow of a foun- dation for such an absurd leport." LlEuri.NiNT CONNUH, who waa a passenger by the Knglish mail steamer from the south, arrived in Rockhampton on the 24th instant, aud the Bulletin understands that his mission is to finish the river survey by taking the tide arrows, or (as it may be expressed) ascertaining the direc- tion Mid force of the tidal streams both of flow nud ebb. This embraces the whole extent of the river from the Bay to the Rocks. Attention will also be given to anything remaining to bo done nt the mouth of Casuarina Creek, now called Port Alma, there being there deep water and good anchoiago ground. Strictly speaking, the survey of the Fitzroy was completed last year, mid the work now on hand may be called the finishing touch. It is not expected to occupy more than a week ; but there is no steamer available, and the work will therefoio hu done in the pilot cutter, which has been placed at the disposal of the sinvc-ying pu ty. This (our con- temporary reniai ks), if au isolated fact of ita kind, would liai dly bo worth mentioning ; but when wo know th it theie is enough work on our northern -e.iboard to lost foi two or three generations,-woik, he it noted, of tho most urgent description as regards the safety of both life and prnnerty ; and when wo know, also, thut this world's worK, which requires the best steam appliances for its successful pro edition, lins to be done in a small schooner, nt a great saerifice of timo and labor, nnd hence of money,-we may bo excused if we marvel at the continuance of an arrangement imincntly " penny wise and pound foolish." \Miat, makes matters «orso ia the circumstauce that gentlonien like Com- mander Bedwell, R.N., and Lieutenant Conuor, who stand at the head of their profession, havo their time half wasted, and thus, apart fiom pecuniary considerations, much of their valuable oxporieiico will bo ultimately loit. If the survoy of our coast is to bo carried on with spirit nnd economy, it ia evident that a proper Hteomor, pay ot 200 tons and 100 horse-power, must be provided for the work, and wo venture to say that in throo years the Government would bo recouped the extra outlay. The existing system is ridiculously slow, and vory costly. THE application from the mechanics in the city of Richmond, in Virginia, is (says the Echo) a novelty in Australian experience. America has hitherto been considered the Paradise of the working man, and that American artisans should humbly petition for an assisted passage to Aus- tralia is certainly an unexpected phenomenon. What is perhaps not less strange is that the application should hove awakened no cordial response. Years ago,'when Melbourne was con- stantly welcoming emigrant ships, and when labor of all classes was eagerly coveted,- such nu application would not havo boen neglected. The City Council > would not then have contented itself ? with the cold remark that it hod no power to move in the matter. It would have taken care that those who had-powers should be seized of the matter. The chanco of securing a body of trained work- men would not havo been' lost. But now the spirit that courted immigration seems to have deserted Victoria. The dominant political in- fluence is adverse to new comers. Fresh work- men aro looked upon as competitors with the existing staff, and as taking the bread out of mouths already not too well filled. If the Mel- bourne iroufoundors were to tako the hint and import the Virginian mechanics as sug gesteil, they would probably bring themselves into very hot water with the men already in their employ. As the case stands, there- fore, employers aro virtually precluded from inviting the mon who want to come. The Government cannot import the people, because there ii no immigration vote ; Parliament cannot vote the money, becauea members aro afraid of their constituents ; and the Virginian mechanics cannot como of themselves, be'eause they have not the money. At the same time that there is this difficulty in importing fresh population into Victoria, there is an outcry against the passing of the lauds into the hands of capitalists ! But the surest way to multiply freeholders in a young country is to multiply the population. lu Kew Zealand and in South Australia, where tho im- migration policy lins, been the most steadily maintained, there is also the least complaining about the monopoly of land. BuLouiu will probably be the baso of opera- tions of the Turkish forces in tho present war, and Schutnla is thus spoken of by a correspondent of The Colonne Gazette :-"The whole of thu district surrounding the town bristles with forts and redoubts. Every commanding hill within a radius of a German mile is covered with fortifica- tions. Immediately behind Sehn mia rise to the south, west, and north-west hills from 600 feet to 800 feet high, descending almost perpendicu- larly towards tho town. The positions formed hero are quito impregnable, for these hills extend southward, westward, aud northward to a broad plateau which is covered with au impenetrable forest, . . about a German mile long, and two wide. This natural fortress, with which Schumla has uow been placed in communication, commands the country for several miles in front of the fortress, and somo good guns could easily hold an enemy in check, and prevent any attack on the small forte which'are to protect Schumla on the east and north-east. Even to a victorious army which has alroady gained tho possession of the Datutbian fortresses aiid Varna, Schumla might bar tho road to Constantinople, But to do this effectually it will require a garrison of at least 40,000 men. It would then nut be posiiblo to pass by Schumla without cutting off one's retteat ; and in order to enter upon a regular siege of the fortress it would bo necessary for the besieging army to distribute itself over a space of from ten to twelve Germán miles. For this at least 100,000 men would be required ; and even with such a force little could bo tlone unless the garrison weie forced by hunger to capitulate." Tim Northern Advocate of the 21st instant gives the following as the latest mill returns : Wardo's Fair Rosamund (Mr. Thomas Bearup, manager) : Started crushing on Monday last on >>0 tons from Washington p.c. (tributo), 142 ozs. lödwts.; bliiiiketingsgoingthroughtlie Wheeler's pan and Benian, likely to yield 11 or 12 ozs. more, or quite 3 ozs. to tho ton on the crushing all round ; 19 tons Old Warrior (surface), in retort, looks for 12 to 14 dwts, to tho ton ; No. 3 Just-in-Timo going through both batteries, looking for 1 to 1§ oz. to the ton. Kelly and Long's Queen block lease to follosv. Mill work- ing satisfactorily ; Wheeler's pan and Bei hin grinding nicely, and the whole concern "hhip shape." A dam has been put across tho creek from rock to rock, below the mill, and the embankment puddled up four to five feet with red clay, which throws back a fine sheet of water. Naglu's Never Despair : 28 tons Columbia lease (tribute), l8 ozs. 12 dwt'i.; 103 tons No. 2 St. Patrick, 62 ozs. 3 dwts.; 54 tons St. Geoige N.E., 35 ozs. 11 dwts,; Mexican going through, will finish on Monday. To go through next week, Caledonia and Young St. Patrick. Hutton and Wliitehciid's Venns : Finished crushing for Stubley's block this week a parcel "f 11G3 tons St. Patrii-k's lease, 3005 ozs. of gold from tho retort ; 40 tons Ro-u of Den- mark p.c. in pot, looking for 2 o/.s. to (hu ton ; 33 tons Alexandra No. 2 (denley O'Brien, William Green, and Woods), cleaned up, b it not retorted, having hard amalgam for li or 7 ozs. to the ton. (retort to-day); Old Warrior going through ; 000 tons of North Aui.tr.ili.in No. 3 mundic in the yard and on platform going through, and looking for fully 3 o/.->. to the ton ; loot crushing went 4 ozs. l! dwts. Vanity Fair says :-" Mr. Tooth's persistence in resistance to the temporal power has raised a very singular three-cornered duel between the Archbishop of Canterbury, Lord Penzance, and the Bishop of Rochester, in which, contrary to the rules of honor as laid down by Captain Marryat, the two former have both been firing into the latter. The object has been to make the Bishop act as the executioner of the Arch- bishop and the Judge upon Mr. Tooth. 'It is your bounden duty,' wrote Lord Penzance to him, ' to see my sentence carried out, and I call upon you to do it.' Ditto, ditto, telegraphed the Archbishop. But the Bishop held otherwise, and left them to do their work themselves.." WE (Copperfield Miner) notice that our north- ern contemporaries have had a little spearing match of telegraph officials to report lately at the celebrated Black Soil station. Luckily for himself, the gentleman attacked, Mr. Parish, is a first-class shot, and with Mr. Deverell's assist ance was able to give a good account of his colored brothers. But we think it was rather unfortunate for the balance of the officers up north that Mr. Parish did not allow himself to be killed, and thus become a martyr, and have a handsome tombstone erected over him by de- partmental subscription. If he had gracefully yielded up the ghost, we are pretty sure he would have been the last required to do so, as the authorities would soon have sent all the officers sufficient protection, and as a natural consequence, the long breaks in telegraphic com- munication would be reduced to a minimum, and the old cry that the blacks had cut the line and carried away two or three hundred yards for spear points, would be of the past. THE official denial of the rumor that tho ex Queoti of Hanover and her children have joined the Church of Rome (say.s the Pall Mall Gazette), was hardly needed, perhaps. But had tho rumor been true, the Crown Prince Ernest and tho Princesses his sisters would, of course, havo forfeited their rights of eventual succession to the Crown of England under the Act of Settle- ment ; but, as his Royal Highness is but thirty fifth in the linn of succession, this consideration would hardly havo been a practical ono. As the Royal Family of Great Britain stands at the preneut moment, the first eleven primes and priucesses in tho succession to tho throne aro British subjects, In the happily more than remote contingc-ucy of the failure of the-.so lieiis-namely, of the Prince of Wales and his children, of tho Duke of Edinburgh and his children, of the Duko of Con- naught, and of Priuco Leopold-the next heir would be the Princess Imperial of Germany ; Prince William of Prussia, her Highu-ess' eldest son, recently invested with thu Order of the Garter, boing thus thirteenth in the succession. After tho Prince would come his six bl others aud sihters. Failing thc-e, the Princess Louise of Hesse inherits thu olaim, being twentieth in thu lino of succession. Her Royal Highness is the mother of six childron. Consequently, hor nuxt sister, the Priuoess Christian of Schleswig-Hol- stein, is twenty-seventh in tho ordor of succes- sion. Next com« the Princess Christian's four children ; noxt the Princess Louise, Marchioness of Lorne ; and, last, of her present Majesty's issue, the Princess Beatrice (thirty.third). Foi lowing theso come King Goorgo of Hanover (thirty- foul th), the Crown Priuco Ernest, and tho Princesses Frederica and Mary. The Duke of Cam- bridge ia thirty-eighth in the order of succession. 