THE 8&K0P; Mîïgga ^frfrjeriiaw SATURDAY, MAEOH 24, 1877. The task of forming a new Ministry bas not been an easy one, and though the list now published contains a few names which will command the respect of the country, there is some feeling of disappointment at the composition of the whole. The absence of some of the ablest men in the party that was lately in opposition has been noted, and it will be seen that the announcement of the new men was received with a strong show of disfavour in the House. But in spite of this there is reason to believe that the Ministry as declared, will form a Government of as much strength as that of which Mr. Robertson was the bead, with the advantage of a greater Btock of in tegrity of purpose than the most devoted adherents of the old regime can credit it with. Up to the present wo have no indication aB to what the policy of the Government may bo. The presence of Mr. Samuel in the Cabinet will be hailed with satisfaction by the commercial world, as an assurance that the question of the duplicate cable will be dealt with in a much bolder manner than that which his predecessor in office brought to bear: upon the subject. There is, however, little likelihood that any great number of measures of legislation of any sort will be proceeded with in tbo present Parliament. All the Govern ment will endeavour to do will be, we must suppose, the carrying through the routine work of the country and then pass an Electoral Bill, so that there may be some reform of the present system before the general election, which must take place at the beginning of the next year, when the parliament expires. Considerable re gret will, no doubt, be felt that the Lands Department did not fall to the lot of Mr. FaiînelIi. That gentleman's name appeared in ono of the lists freely circulated, and the reasons for its withdrawal do not appear. It is impossible to say whether any marked degree of success will follow the union of such a team, and it is very probable that Mr. Parkes may have to trust a good deal to the forbearance of the Opposition,, and to the fulfilment of Mr. Robertson's promise that he would assist the work of legislation, by ab staining himself from any faotious opposition, and inducing his followers also to refrain. Mr. Parkes' adminis trative powers will be submittod to a severe test, but we have sufficient faith in them to believe that we shall see some useful legislation carried through before the present Parliament " gives up the ghost." There can be little question that the movement originating with Alder man Copland in the Municipal Council with reference to our publia buildings, is one out of which very much good may arise. If the Committee of Im provement and Progress is to be anything more than a name, wo con sider there is abundant work for its members in the affaii'B of the town. The Postal Reform Committee in their way have donó some good in drawing attention to the want of proper accom modation in the Post and Telegraph Offices, and though they have not succeeded in getting nil that was asked for, it is satisfactory to note that the department have taken the matter into consideration with a little more promptness than is usually found to exist in our government offices. With reference to the speoial matter to which Alderman Copland' has been moved at the present time, we may say that everyone who has soon the plans for the walls at the baok of the court-house, condemns the proposed expenditure ns a gross waste of public money. Had tbo Coloniul Architect turned his attention to giving us moro breathing space in tho court house itself he would liavo been conferring a i boon, for which hundreds of people would feel gratoful beyond measure. Instead of this wo have a lot of money thrown away upon the outbuildings, and upon tho erection of walta to secure privacy out of all proportion to tho court-house itself. Wo can sympathise fully with Mr. Copland's horror for the exhibition of tho wretched taste so palpable in the governmental archi tectural efforts. Nothing can bo worse in design than tho public build ings of Wagga, where instead of seeing the departments having homes or offices in keoping with their dignity and importance, wo have the most miserable barns we can well conceive as possible to apply to public work. If it bo the duty of tho individual to contribute something to the adorn ment of the town in which he accumu lates his wealth, how much more claim have wo upon the State, that its public buildings shall be good examples of tho progress of architecture in our midst. If we may not have the costly marble structures of an old world clime, wo can have sufficient of tho beautiful in form with more modest materials. On« of our ablest men, Professor Smitix, toll us in his recent address at Sydney before tho members of the Australian Mutual Provident Society, that "it is no small part of the education of the young that they have daily before their eyes ns they walk through the streets good examples of the noble art of architecture." Viewed in this way, the conservation and improvement of our public build ings is elevated into an important duty, about which a Municipal Council may legitimately exercise tho utmost activity. 