BURMESE ORDNANCE PRAO T I C E . THE King of Burmah has mounted 24 guns on hia mad parapets. These are real gems, so that the 200 or 300 wooden " dummies" need not be referred to. One of the bona fide cannon is a Krupp, ot which His Majesty of the Golden Foot is naturally proud. He has lately amused himself by throwing shot from this gun into the Irrawaddy Siver. A few of these shot have been well direoted, and afforded the Lord of the Seven Umbrellas considerable amassment. One struck a rice-laden dhow, whioh filled and sank, frowning the oaptain. The King was in raptures, for it appears he pointed the gun. Alter a little, shells were tried at lone ranges. The target now was the Tillage on the opposite bank of the Irrawaddy. All Mandalay turned out to watoh the result. After one or two effectual shots the village was espied to be in flames. The inhabitants " ran about like mad," in sueh a comical manner that the King ngain bad a hearty laugh. Then the crowds on the Mandalay side of the beach tempted His gracious Majesty, who suddenly gave the sight-seers a dose of grape and canister. The crowd instantly dispersed, Waving some 20 men, women, and children behind. His Majesty was highly amused. The Krupp gun fully answers his expectations. The next oriminal is to be Mown from its mouth. He bas heard that the English have adopted that mode of summary execution. He must test it for himself, which he will as soon as possible. But, hitherto, shot, shell, and grape-shot have proved tolerably sucess* ful; and His Majesty feels quite equal to the exigencies of a European war.-Erlio. TRA.VELI.IRB between Kalkabury and I Moonta on Tuesday, December 14, inform as , (York'* Peninsula Advertiitr), that they saw | numbers of parrots beneath tho treos that had fallen dead from the effects of the intense heat. Hundreds of birds perished in the vicinity of oovered waterholes and tasks; and tho smaller kinds with a strong instinot of self-preserva i tion crept into holes in tho ground, attempting | to bide themselves from the intense beat of the sun. In and around Moonta also the feathered tribe suffered severely, scores of dcmieatio fowls having died during the hot weather. HOLLOWAY'S PILLS.-Good Spirits.-Every one bas frequently experienced sadden per. eonal changes from gaiety to gloom. The wind and weather oft receive the blatno when a faulty digestion is the sale cause of the depression. Holloway's Pills can be honestly recommended for regulating a disordered stomach and thereby improving digestion, j ? They entirely remove the sense of fulness j and oppression after eating. They oloanBe the , furred tongue and act as a wholesome ! stimulant to the liver and as a gentle aperient to the bowls. They healthfully rouse both body and mind. Holloway's Pills are the best known antidotes for want of appetite, nausea, flatulenoy, heartburn, languor, depression, and that painful apathy whioh is charateristic of I chronio derangement of the liver. I A New South Wales paper (.The Parke* 1 Gazette) tulle the following strange story :-.' A little boy named Afford John Stewart, aged seven years, at Commandra, wa« attacked and severely to<n by an old man kangaroo, on Saturday, 16th instant. lie was nuuding his father's cowa in Mr, Fratchcr'fi paddock on the morning of the day mentioned, at Commandra when H number of kangaroos-no doubt driven | by the great scarcity of food-came into the | paddock to satiate the pangs of hunger. The | lad, thiuking there waB quite IHtlo enough grass for the cattle, set his dog on to the I interlopers ; the dog was soon in the z&idst; of them and collated a big buck. A desperate fight ensued ; the kangaroo being too much for the dog lie got nw »y and made lor the creek. The boy gave chase, encouraging the dog as he ran. At this juncture, the kangaroo, being thoroughly roused suddenly turned round and made for the boy, who unable to get away, found hiro-eJf in thegrasj> of the vicious beast The kangaroo dashed the lad violent ly to the ground and tore the clothcs cempletely off his back, inflicting three nasty gisbcs, one over the eye, another in the neok, and the other across the abdomen, each wound being very two inches in length. The dog no soonersaw his young master in the animal's power ban he came to the rescun After a desperate struggle, through which the dog fought bravely, the boy managed to vxtrioate himself from hie unpleasant dilemma. Being a very large one' the kangaroo, though considerable worried by the dog, made good his escape. Toaeb Q HOSTS 1- An amusing story, which may be of some profit to believers In spirits, is told by a Paris paper. A few days ago a student died in a boarding-house. The deceased was buried, but immediately after some persona pretended that his ghost , returned every night to toe room where he died. K«oriiess to say nobody could bo got to occupy the chamber. At last a student of a less superstitious nature arrived, and consented to in the haunted room. Bat two of the , old lodgers, annoyed at his incredulity, determined to convince him against his will. They covered thet&seh;'As up io sheets, and, as th«* clock struck midnight, glided into the chambor, muttering the most awful groans. But they had reckoned without their host, who, having his suspicion*, also put on a sheet and hid hiuiuelf in the cupboard, and as the two disguised lodgers stalked around the bod he quietly came out of his retreat and followed them. They no sooner caught sight of him than they rushed off trembling, and the nest morning paid their bill, and left the house firm converts to spiritualism. HERE is a little bit from The London World that might profitably have been "sent tp PuttcJt' in John Leech*s day. A lady took her seVAnyear*old little boy to a new church, it is the polite custom to* keep a supply of Prayer-books in the porch for the use of such 1 memiters as may have forgotten accessories. When seated ifl her pew the ladv told the little fellow to go and fetch her a Prayer-book. In a minute the wee chap returned, with a very red face, but without the book. "Why did you oome back without it dear t Perhaps they were all gone?'"Oh I no, Mamma, dear; there were plenty. Butthay were all Common Prayer-booKs ; and I didn'c like to bring yon * common book, Mamma, dear i" A TfiL&o;&Atf; to The 8. M. Rtrald says t The fourth annual sale of Shorthorns and Hero* fords, at Rboertson's, Colao, by Messrs. R. Gibson and Co., was most satisfactory. The attendance was'far larger than in any previous year, and included buyers from all the colonies. Six stud shorthorn bolls sold at an average of £389 10*.; seventeen shorthorn stnd heifers averaged £422 each; sic Hereford stud heifers averaged £58 each; thirty-eight shorthorn station bulls averaged £40 9s eaoh; fifty ahort horn com *wngcd £79 !fc. each ; seventeen Hereford station cows averaged £80 eaoh ; fifty Hereford station COWB averaged i£36 eaoh. The fross proceeds of the sale amounted to £20,200. 17 Durham cattle averaged £150 each. ^ Tb&BIBLE; TALE.-A despatoh from Loss Angeles; received at San Francisco, narrates a terrible tale of suffering on the Colorado Desert. Henry Smith, from St. Louis, with one companion and a pack train, left Ynmr for Los Angeles, and wandered four days on the desert without water. Smith opened veins on his arm and drank the blood, which clotted to bis throat He then cut his windpipe to re move it, and died in a few hours after. His companion reached the station in the last stage of exhaustion. I 