COUNTRY NEWS. A GEELONG correspondent announces the death of Mr. David Guthrie, an old and wealthy resident of that town. For many years the deceased gentleman carried on the business of stock and station agent there. THE Bendigo Advertiser writes:—It was rumored about town on Monday that a driver and a stoker had been suspended on the Sandhurst line, pending an inquiry that is to be instituted into a very dangerous habit that has obtained, of " plugging" one of the valves. This is said to be done in order to conserve steam and save fuel—for the latter a premium is given by the railway authorities. THE close season for hares commences to-day, and ends on the 28th February. Native game is protected from 1st August to 20th December. All species of quail and the lyre bird are protected from 1st September to 31st January. A FEW days ago a lady picked up a nugget, weighing about one ounce, among the road metal in Brougham-street, Ballarat. AT Walsh's swamp, near Winchelsea, a man named James O'Maley Walsh has died at the age of ninety-eight years. For the last thirty years of his life, at least, the old gentleman has resided at Winchel- sea, and he was one of the foremost of the ratepayers of the shire who advocated the establishment of a local governing body. THE Bendigo Independent has been informed that a requisition, signed by a considerable number of persons, has been presented to the Rev. Dr. Somerville, asking him to offer up a special prayer for the " secular press of Sandhurst." WE gave an account the other day, writes the Maryborough Standard, of the vagaries of a ghost near the railway station. It is now rumoured that there is a " haunted house" in Maryborough. Something or somebody in white has been seen making nocturnal perambulations within the " haunted house," and unearthly noises have also been heard issuing from it. Young Maryborough carefully eschews that side of the road at dark. THE horse parade at Kilmore on Saturday was an unqualified success; both blood and draught stock were well represented. The town was crowded with farmers and others interested. Much needed showers of rain had fallen, and the hopes of the graz ers were being revived. THE Bendigo Agricultural Society, at its meeting on Saturday, decided to hold a spring show on Wednesday, the 24th October. A special meeting will be held to-day for the purpose of preparing schedules, &c.; A CORRESPONDENT at Lower Buckland says that the painful disease, goitre, is very prevalent in the place, and spreading fast. A large number of children are absent from the State school in consequence. A NUMBER of fossil bones (says the Ararat Advertiser) have been brought into the town from one of the cuttings on the Ararat and Hamilton line, dug up at from 12ft. to 16ft. deep, out of a marl deposit. The bones must be some thousands of years old, and some of them appear to belong to the skeleton of a man, but, unfortunately, they are very much fractured. They will be sent to Professor M'Coy in the course of a day or two for classification and description. ON Friday night, the 24th ult., in a fight which took place between Philip Charles and John Shanke, on the main Lillydale road, near Ringwood, the former was stabbed by the latter, but not fatally. THE Warrnambool Guardian says.:—The price of land in this district, notwithstanding the present dulness in commercial matters, still maintains its high value, as was evidenced in the auction rooms of Messrs. Hepburn, Leonard, and Rug, yesterday, when a small block of six acres on the Farnham estate was sold to Mr. James Ryan at £53 12s. an acre, the com petition for the lot being very spirited. After the sale, the purchaser was offered an advance on his purchase and refused £55 an acre for it. IT is said that two young gentlemen, well-known in Geelong, perform all the tricks of the Davenport Brothers with startling success. AT the Geelong Police Court on Monday, William Duffy was charged on remand with having placed iron chairs on the rail way line near Cowie's Creek, on the 18th ult. No other evidence was adduced, and the case was further postponed for a week, in order that some particulars might be obtained as to the boy's general conduct, and as to whether he had been in the habit of attending school. Richard James Lemmer Jenkins, late station and postmaster at Elaine, was charged with having embezzled the sum of £73, the money of the Victorian Government, and also with having forged the signature of Mrs. Jane Gregson. He was committed on both charges. A CHILD named Henry Rowe, while passing a sale-yard in St. Arnaud, recently, was knocked down and gored by a bullock that was being driven out. The beast's horn entered the poor child's cheek, completely severing the lower part of the nose, which hung over on to the lips. The mad beast was beaten off and the little fellow was picked up in an insensible condition and smothered in blood. He was carried to Dr. Brisbane, who at once sewed up the wound, and the boy is now as well as can be expected. THE Sandhurst yield of gold for last week amounted to about 3000 ozs. In dividends £1900 was declared as against £2400 calls made. THE astronomical correspondent of the Ballarat Courier writes :--"All the planets known to the ancients are now visible in the evening sky. Mercury may be easily seen in the west immediately after sunset, about 4, deg. from Venus. Jupiter passes the meridian about 7 p.m.; at the same time the fiery Mars and pale-looking Saturn may be seen rising above the eastern horizon. The crescent form of Mercury's disc will be an interesting telescopic object from the 1st to the 20th day of September. Venus will be an evening star till the end of the year. Mars is in a good position for observing the dark portions of its surface. The rings of Saturn are opening slowly ; the present elevation of the earth above the plane of the rings is about 2deg. The evening sky at this part of the year bristles with interesting objects for the telescopist." THE bodies of the young men, Johnston and Taylor, who were drowned in Lake Burrumbeet a fortnight since (says the Ballarat Courier), have not yet been recovered, and the opinion now entertained is, that they have either drifted into some of the caverns which exist in the bottom of the lake, or that they have been so eaten away by the innumerable eels as to prevent them rising to the surface. 