LITERATURE. LIGHTS AND SHADOWS OF SPIRITUALISM.* Spiritualists all over the world have cer tainly cauBe to complain of the conduct of Mr. Borne in writing this book. They may reason ably say that they have been smitten in the houee of their friend. For a whole generation Mr. Daniel Home has been the most promi nent example of the possession of " spiritual, istic" powers, at once the chief prophet and chief wonder-worker of the sect Amongst all of the crowd of mediums who have obtained a very good living by the " manifestations,'' with which they have favoured a believing world, Mr. Home has been the most notorious and the most successful. He is supposed to have converted the late Emperor Napoleon, and we know by their own state ments that he converted Serjeant Cox and Mr. Crookes. His opportunities for seeing how these manifestations and phenomena are worked, and what are the people who work them, are, perhaps, beyond those of anybody else. Imagine the shock, then, that mast go through the mass of the linger ing adherents to the epiritnalist faith when they are assured by Mr. Home that the enormous majority of the wonders on which their belief is founded—the table movements, the epirit materialisations, the aerial flights, the production of presents from spirit bands the rope untying, the spirit photogiaphB, and all the rest of it, are nothing but a gigantic system of coarse, vnlgar, impudent trickery, performed in so clumsy a fashion as to deprive its dnpeB of shelter from the con tempt due to gross wilful credulity. What ever may be the motive that induced Mr. Home to "split on his pals" —to borrow phraseology from a kindred vocation— in this way, whether jealousy of rival mediums or a desire to square himself with reputable society, in either case the blow to the believers in spiritualism is equally severe. We might have added an additional enpposi tion that his exposure was dne to an honest desire to make a clean breast of it; but the fact that he still maintains the reality in his own case of the manifestations which he has so mercilessly ridiculed in others prevents any euch charitable construction of his book. But we turn from these considerations, which, after all, lie between Mr. Home and his followers, to the book itself. This is a large and rather closely- printed volume of 400 pages. Iu the first part of it, consisting of about 170 pageB, our author gives a survey of the evidences of spiritual power—using this expression in his technical sense and not in its proper meaning—afforded in ancieuti mediaeval, and modern history. Of such evi dences Mr. Home finds abnndance. For instance, the Hebrew annals record "the passing above the Assyrian camp of an angel, who destroyed silently, and in a single night, Sennacherib's army of 180,000 men." Spiritualism dearly. Again, Herodotus re lates that on another occasion an army of fthis earns Sennacherib, when at war with the Egyptians, was overthrown by myriads of mice devouring the bowstrings of his soldiers. A manifest case of spiritualism, Apolionius of Tyana says that he had ; Been "The Bramins of India dwelling on the earth and not on the earth, living fortified without fortifications, possess ing nothing and yet everything." "The 'dwelling on the earth, and not on the earth,'" explains Mr. Home, "alludes to iheir being frequently levitated," and the passage accordingly finds place among the great array of the proofs of spiritualism. The miracles performed by Vespasian, the answers of oracles, the stories of the priests of Mount Soracte walking barefooted over glowing embers, the miracles of the early Christians and those of later times, stories of witchcraft and of second sight, the supernatural mani festations of the Camisards, and all of the ghost narratives of recent centuries that Mr. Home has come across he presses into his service as tending to demonstrate in some way quite clear to him the reality of spiritual ism. The same great system is also invin cibly demonstrated by the genius of Shak Bpeare, and that of Raphael. The former was the result of "the promptings of nu merous spirits influencing a single mighty imagination." Lavater, Kant, Schiller, and Goethe are brought in as all aiding, at any rate by helping to form an imposing array of names, to buttress the great fabric of the Bpiriluafist's faith. While Mr. Home is engaged in ranging freely through history and literature, he sees himself surrounded on all sides by the most cogent evidences of the truth of the spiritual ise doctrine. But when he comes to the present day, in which, as most people believe, spiritualism first took shape as a definite theory and professional occupation, his task, instead of being easy, becomes very difficult There seems to be this curious result arrived at, that whereas up to late years all human history is, when wisely regarded, but a record of the operation of spiritual agencies, the spiritualist narratives of the present day. are nothing but a tissue of fraud, trickery, and impudent imposture. The important part of his book devoted by Mr. Home to "modem spiritualism" contains 11 chapters. Of these nine are occupied by exposures of the impostures of modern mediums, and denunciations of the rascality which have found such rich soil in the blind, ignorant credulity of their dupes. Mr. Home finds no language too strong to apply to the dishonest trickery which has prospered so ] well by foisting vulgar, ungrammatical, ] maudlin nonsense upon all its followers as in Spired messages from the spirit land. With regard to the table-movers, or, as he calls fhftn " lipping mediums," he says that the more he has seen of them the more he has been un*WA"Jo trace the movements el the table, and the messages communicated throagb, movements, to any other : aea fibadows Ot Sptritullam. By D. D. Botue. Xrfftdeo I Virtus and Oo. 1877. source than the so-called mediums them selves." The same is to be eaid regarding " writing medinms." In the early stages of his own career he was a writing medium, but when he "began to reason respect ing the messages given through him he found them strongly tinged with his own bias of thought, and he at once ceased seeking for euch communications." We have no deBire to give a summary of the pages in which Mr. Home goes through the account of the mass of miserable trickery of the grossest, coarsest character which he has met with, and wbichjhas all been received by its believers as evidence of communication with another world. It is a wretched story, and is valuable as showing what vast areas of society, even of the better classes, lie wholly outside the civilising and enlightening influences of the age. The extraordinary doctrine of re-incarnation preached by Allan Kaidec and his echool, and the grotesque absurdities which grew out of it, are dealt with under the head of the " delusions" of modern spiritualism, and receive rongh handling from the clumsy inartistic satire of our author. He gives amusing illustrations of the "recollections" possessed by some votaries of this belief, of the various forms they lived under in earlier stages ■of existence. One chapter is devoted to a rambling attack on the book of a rival spiritualist, entitled People from the Other World, the author of which, it seems, made some personal "misstatements" respecting Mr. Home. Indeed, this part of the book ehowB that the rivalry and competition be tween mediums and teachere are so keen and virulent that whenever a spiritualist is to he exposed and gibbetted there are always other spiritualists who will be only too de lighted to &8Bistin the operation. If we are to believe Mr. Home, the fabric of the faith of many, or most, spiritualists is made up of " dark stances and foolish re ports of the same, and unreliable phenomena and unlimited enthusiasm." This is very comforting to the followers of a religion in which Mr. Home is a prophet On " dark (tanas" he is especially severe. He eays :—1" 'Light' should be the demand of every epiritnaliBt . . . Where there is darkness there is the possibility of impos ture and the certainty of suspicion." He proceeds, "Every form of phenomena ever occurring through me at the few dark stances has been repeated over and over again in the light." But although Mr. Home has by practice attained this degree of proficiency in the prod action of "phenomena," it cer tainly Beams slightly unjust that he should , object to beginners employing the same ad- | jnnctB which he found so useful at the com mencement A touching story of the de. moralising effect of " dark stances" is told by him about one Henry Gordon, a "genuine medinm," who was unhappily led into fraudulent practices, which seems ended " fatally for him." " He commenced to hold dark stances, allied himself to the ranks of rope-tiers and 'cabinet medinms,' and— behold the end!" We do not know what is the catastrophe referred to, bnt if the moral of the story is that medinms should refrain from fraudulent practices, we have great pleasnxe in giving it all the circulation in gar power. The " materialisation of spirits" in which Mr. CrookeB, and, we believe, Mr. Wallace, are such firm believers, is, according to Mr. Home, rank deception of the most impudent character, "Phenomena" of this kind are, he says, "in but too many instances the laughing-stocks of sceptics and the shame of every sensible spiritualist." It is painful to be informed that the favourite costume of Oliver Cromwell, as he has made himself mani fest in "materialised" form, constats of a " white muslin sknll-cap, black velvet suit, and yellow top-boots." Except in the cue of those whose religious beliefs are committed to these manifestations too profoundly to leave room to recede, the im&gin;&tionrefoBes; to receive a Lord Protector thas fantastically attired, and unhesitatingly prononnces him ! to be an impostor of the deepest dye. It is almost equally comical to find that at a stance where a large number of BpiritB were mani fested in the flesh, amongst them was "Aladdin." Of the wild tissue of blasphemies associated with these "phenomena," we can only refer to the story of a privileged and theological medinm, whose visitors came from the very highest circles. At his stances "spirit voices would suddenly speak from out the darkneBS, telling the sitters ' Here we are! The Virgin Mary's coming; get out the sheny, wine, and the raisins.'" To descend to a lower level we find that materialised'spirits axe, as they gradually come to make themselves more and more at home in this earthly sphere—or, as some would say, presume more wad more on the gulli bility of their dupes—addicting themselves to a suspicious degree of conviviality. Some of them "mix glasses of very nice gin and water," and others insist on champagne, and will "carefully nnwire corks, and extract them by means of the screw." We have only to imagine the hoahed and expectant circle sitting in breathless silence, endeavouring to extract nourishment for their spiritual, moral, and intellectual nature out of this coarse jugglery, and the picture of human credulity is complete. The conversation of these materialised spirits is equal to their other procedures. John Wilkes Booth, the assassin of Presi c ent Lincoln, was evoked at an American circle. He remarked—" I and Lincoln often have a cosy chat np here. We agree that it was just as well I shot him." Of course, the idiotic -spirit of a wretched nonentity named "John King" is often referred to in these pages, and we are delighted to find that he retains the characteristic of nttra hnman imbecility we have always been led to associate with him. When we find one materialisation of the Archangel Oabiiel begging for small snots of money, and another spirit retaining to earth and re assuring a vesture of clay for the purpose oi inducing a believer to present a valuable diamond ting to the mediant, indicating the which it could be seeo, the price, mm the omnibus which woald convey him i to the place, we mar safely regard this form ot preposterous swindling as pretty nearly worked out. Those who wish to learn the mode in which the needful jugglery is effected, and to understand how the means are assisted by the incredible folly of the spectators, must consult Mr. Home's book. They will there see how nnder the influence of expectant credulity " patched and darned shawls are discovered to be* robes of delicate texture and surpassing gorgeousnessa kerchief twisted round the head becomes an nnmistakable tar ban; falsa whiskers and Indian ink produce 'a manly and noble face;' ronge and pearl powder,in conjunction with a skilfully arranged head-dress, are sufficient to Bend the credulous into rap cares over ' the vision of surpassing loveliness' presented." We must also refer to the book for the denunciations of the imposture of "Bpirit photographs," and of the "paraffin moulds," or casts of spirit hands, &c.;, in paraffin. Surely the lowest, poorest, and clnmsiest of all the miracles on which ever believers relied for the evidence of religious faith. All this time Mr, Home has been painting the "shadows" of spiritualism, but the " lights" axe to come. The believer is not left utterly destitute and desolate. There are, it seems, for him manifestations which can defy the tests of scepticism and the scoffs of incredulity. We do not pnrpoBe to dis ease these " higher aspects of spiritualism" in detail. The feature of them which strikes ns most is their remarkable likeness to the lower aspects which Mr. Home has so im measurably denounced as fraud and delusion. There is a story of an old woman who comes back from the grave to complain of another coffin being bnried in her grave, of a spirit of a woman who comes for no apparent reason bat to convert an nnbeliever by tel ling him something which only she conld have known, of a medium who rescued a young man from committing suicide by being spiritually impressed with a perception of his intention; of Mr. Home's perform ances by spirit agency on an accordeon, his levitation of a table, and similar wonderful and highly authentic phenomena. So far as we can see they do not present any external characteristic to distinguish them from those which Mr. Home ridicules as the awkward tricks of fraudulent jugglers. We feel, in reading of these "higher aspects," that the exposure of spiritualism will not be complete until one of Mr. Home's rivals will under take to write a book and do for that dis tinguished medium what he has done for tbem in the present work. We have only a word or two to add. Mr. Home is very emphatic in one place in re pelling the assertion that he is a "professional medinm." We have no objection to receive his disclaimer so far as taking professional fees or stationing a money-taker at the door is concerned. Bat we suppose that Mr. Home does not deBire to deny that the exercise of the " gift bestowed upon him" has, on the whole, paid him very well, and has led him into rich and laxnriant pastures. We were rather struck by seeing that Mr, William Crookes, whom he consulted on the snbject, wrote to dissuade him from writing bis book. He was donbtfol whether such a book " will do any real good." We do not know whether Mr. Crookes in thiB spoke as a man of science or as a spiritualist, or whether he meant'' good" to the cause of spiritualism or to the interests of truth. Bat, whatever be meant, the letter hardly tends to reuse one's estimate of the spiritualistic "discoverer of thallium," of whom we have heard so much in spiritualist discourses. 