LOCAL d GENERAL HEWS, f Mb. Wm. Hicsos's norseThilosonberleaon Tuesday in the Lady Yonng for Maryborongn, whence his owner has sent him to take part in tie annual race meeting on tiie 12th and I3th of next month. Philosopher was let off witii 5eL 12Ibs. in tile lug handicap at that place, which should give the litHe horse a 'ood chance of ia'^f'jy the ifit** The Anenstown school house, tiiongh finished some weeks ago, is yet nwfaaantnd. This is the £wlt of the Education Department, who, though applied to, have neglected to appoint a teacher. Such tardy recognition of the wants of the place, -whatever may be lite ratine is producing a great deal of diflsatis factaon, especially on tbe part of parents, who do not see why, with a new building at their doors, there should be any fartiier waste of time. Kor do we -bat probably tiie work of tiie department is in arrcar, and Bock hampton must take its turn. We are indebted to Mr. EOner, of tbe Customs, for tiie information that the Execu- tire Council, in order to induce tiie vessels of tiie Netherlands Steam Navigation Company to call at the Queensland ports, have decided to charge pilotage and light dues only upon one of tiie Company's veesds, provided that tiie Company cany mails between Batavia, Port Darwin, tiie Queensland ports, Sydney, Melbourne jnd Adelaide, and that they make these ports regular ports of calL As the company's vessels are at present regularly passing our ports, this resolnfcion trams a most BenaWe one. Tut Rev. B. Hartley requests us to rectify an omissiorj of his ovn. He had prepared some statistics which he intended to read at the Bible Society meeting on Wednesday evening, but came away with, the paper in his pocket, and nobody any tiie wisec So he has handed ns the scrap for publication, and here it is :— At tiie beginning of the present century it is probable that there were not more than 4 or 5 Bullions of copies of the 50 different translations. Since tbe establish ment of the British and Foreign Bible Society 76 millions of copies, in whole or in part, hare been circulated from its depots, while other kindred societies which hare sprang op out of it, and hare been aided by it, hare distributed above 55 millions of copies more. So that during the present century about 131 millions of copies of the sacred scriptures, in whole or in part, b»ve been pot in circulation by Bible Sodetifle alone in various parts of tiie world. The number of longuages and dialects into which the Bible has been translated lias been raiflcH from 50 to more than 200. Daring tite vemr ending March 31, 1676. The Kbk Society steadily and enccessfJuBy followed up its 'work. The r™'1* of money received from ordinary SHTces was £222,212, indndmg £116,802, applicable to tiie general purposes of the Society, and £103,410 reeeipo tor BtUoiand Tedaments. tiAAing £106 drridends on stock invested on ****??''+? of Lientenut' Colonel Roxburgh's Fund tor Colporterage in India, tiie total nett receipts hare amounted | to £232,330. The total nett payments have ?mounted to £2U£5L The Society fe under engagements to Hie extent of £122,600. Tan Damon Biver is flooded. This is ? sort of pbenomimn to dwdlers in tbe dis tnct^ who hare had no fain for ? long time, hot they are more Incky in some parts of tins interior. Be that as it may. Hie nver rose on Tuesday night, and is now muxosaMe for drays. A buck gin was found about ore o'clock on Thursday morning -m tiie x'aamba Road, two mSes from Sorth Eockhampton, with her head nearly severed from her body. Tbecaae was reported to tiie police, and tiie unfortu nate woman, who is soil lxvioA was removed to tiie hotnittL Tbe woonTis believed to Save been '^tt*'*! by an ahorigrnal «i& a tomahawk. We are glad to see Mr. B. Beed mgm in business, fie has made an advaotageoos aod *ery fair settlement with hiB creditors, and has thronghont acted in tiie most straightfor ward and booorsble way. Weshall betray no confidence in mentioning that tiie estate pays about 17a. «d. in tiie posnd, abet which speaks for itself. Thenewarm,whichisb9ownastiiat of Beed and Beeve, have oommenced bosinen in ttte old premises, under anapicioaB ciraun stances, tiie stock being large and weQ. Tmnw js anotiier aiislit disappointment to note. Blondin will not open Ins performance no Thanday next, Jnne 7, but on the follow ing Saturday (this day week). He was to leave Sydney only last night, according to a telegram received by fahbrnmneas agent -Mr. Lyons). Moreover, he is to oil at Brisbane, and will come on to Boekhamrjtonbjrthe Lady Yonng. This win cut short his stay here, and there win be only four per formances instead of six. ThiB b conseqveut upon the B.1L6. Somerset leaving Esppd Bay on the ISth of June, and tiie circumstance that .Mondin goes by that vessel to Singapore, atartmgbnmSocknamptonontii£l7th. lite public most make tiie best of tiie feur nights. We see that tiie new sfaeep waggons, seven in number, besides one or two otters, have been fi'wfl»gJp and are now on tiie line, ready forose. In the course of the present montia Aey win probably be wanted to bring down a supply for Lake's Creek Meat Preserving EetaWishnjent. Tbe low goods waggons, of which there are to be fifty, are bow in eoume of constzuction. The engineering department is engaged on extension work as usual, and is Inn- handed. Kve of tie mads in the new engine shed are occupied, but the flagging of tiie place is not yet quite completed, owing to the difficulty experienced in procaring jstone, ll will be Been that the claims of the Bocfc faampton Benevolent Society foraspecxsl grant to tide over the present distress, occasioned in a ereat measure by tiie ravages of fever on the line, were brought before Parliament on Thursday mght by the member for the town, and that tix Colonial Secretary matter. The Committee, at a special meeting on Friday last; decided to ask for £200, a Bum which wul be found notiiing too large for the emergency. We understand that, in reply to a telegram from Mr. BuEacott^ tiie Bev. B. Hartley forwarded some inform* Son by wire, to tiie effect that last month, aAthtm^h some had been discharged, tiiere -were 132 persona — men, women and children — dependent on tiie charity, and that unless the Government lent its aid many of these would suffer. We hope for » favourable Bv the James Paterson, which arrived on Wednesday from Sydney, Mr. G. S. Curbs re ceived some valuable well-lired sheep. Twenty of these are Lincoln ram lambs which have been purchased by Mr. W. KplmMi, of Meteor Downs station, from Mr. Dodery, Tasmania, who is the most celebrated breeder of that class of sheep in the colonies. Mr. Eemun has shown mnch enterprise in this importation of tiie best Lincoln blood, as the Lincoln is a breed of sheep which is admirably suited for the purposes of the selector, com bining as it does a large carcase and good fleece. Two full-grown Uncoln rams have also been sent vrth the others to show what tiie yonng sheep may become. Mr. G. S. Curtis has also received for Bale a [incobi ram and two ewes and a Trf-icestyr ram and two ewes, which were chosen from Mr. Ood£ry-s nocks by tbe same gentleman who selected those intended for Meteor Downs. The immigrant ship Indus was sighted from Cape Capricorn at 10*40 a.m. on Thursday, and came to anchor in Keppel Bay about half past two in tiie afternoon. A telegram was then forwarded to the Health Officer, report ing all well. The agents of the vessel— Messrs. Walter Reid and Co.— were also apprised of the arrival, and at once made the necessary arrangements, which are these. The steamer Mary started for the Bay this morning at ten o'clock, taking down Dr. Salmond, the Health Officer, and a quantity of fresh provisions for the immi grants ; and should pratique be granted, it is expected that the new arrivals, will be landed in town on Saturday afternoon. The vessel left Gravesend on the 17th of February, and has thus made the run in 102 days, excluding the days of departure and and arrival. The Indus is a vessel of 1319 tons, under the command of Captain Edward Hunt, with Dr. W. E. Young as surgeon-super intendent, and Mrs Gandin, permanent matron There were on board, at starting. 354 immi grants. We have already given particulars as to their nationaiilies, social condition, and -occupations, besides publishing a full list of the names, but the following recapitulation may be found useful :— Nationalities r 97 English, 4 Scotch, 137 Irish, and 116 other j-miiit'nfl CSaesifictiion ' X& CdU payees, 62 assisted, 6 aswted Italians, 161 free, 95 free Italians, and 15 remittance. Social condition; 35 married men, 36 mxn-iwi women, 168 single men, S3 smgb women, 25 male and 14 female children, 2 male and 1 female infants. Occupations: 69 female domestic servants, 90 | farm labourers. 15 labourers, 56 vine-dressers. 2 gardeners, 1 groom, S fitters, 3 cabhut makers, tWadaatdtts, 2 bakers, S saddlers, painter, 6 -rapfntoro and joinera, g iM^ffiirM, sud-totberT^ We an indebted to Mr. LaugUy for tiie [oDowing additional information having refer ence to hffi memo, on cable rates, {wbhsnad ' recently; 'AS international traffic through India is hsneefortii inf-npawed two-pence per word, and tiie Indian Talcs are now— West of Chittagang and Ceylon via Madras, eight -riifflmg. andthree-pence per word ; via Ran goon, eightshulnigsand three- pence perword; via H-'dr**', eight shUlim-s and six-pence per word. The Tswnanian cable is broken and not Iikdytoberepairedforafortniglit; until then telegrams for Tasmania can only be posted in Melbourne.' Ok Hondaymghttiie Amateur DramaticCmb gave a seooi-d performance in aid of tiie funds of the Rosewood Crossing School. The atten dance w» pretty Rood, tiiongh not nearly so largess we couM have wished. The enter tainment was more tsan passable. The first aiimim 'The Dropping WeD at Knaras boroogh,' which was very fairly pitacutoL The principal characters were well sustained, especially those of the charcoal burner, the miser, and the grand juryman, the last being represented by Dan Briggs, who, it is needless tossy, was rhe ble and soul of tile play, con vubang the home witti his drolleries, and his quaint rendering of the law according to William and May. The wheelbarrow scene was very amusing. The burlesque went off weU, sad tbe dub retired with another battier in ttnir caps. Ik a recent debate is the Assembly tfae Premier, in offering some explanations with reference to «fce Sniders ordered from England (a portion of which have been received) said; — 1 hare hard that tiie Hartim- Henry rifle is a tnnch more delicate weapon than tiie Snider, and is mnch more likely to get out of order in tiie hands of inexperienced Volun teers. It is a much more complicated ana, and required more careful handling, and even now there is some difficulty in obtaining them. In consequence of Bus, I am told that a is tiie favourite weapon with Victorian volun teers. The Martini-Henry rifles cost £S or £6 a piece, while we can get the Sniders at abmt £2 fc. 6d. from tbe Imperial Govern meat in consequence of some regimeuta bemg disarmed of Saidem, and adopting a more ex pensive weapon. But the Government had only £3000 to invest, and it was cansiderel desirable to get MOO Sniders, ai ithey oonld be got cheapest. The ammnnitaon has been, ordered, and i» now cm the way out It seems tint the State School at Cowarral is very badly off for water. A correspondent writing on tiie 30th instant, says :— 'The school premises are -without a supply of water, and have been so since tiie 22nd ; no water near; if there was tile animal deposits would render ft poisonous; teacher's household suffering in consequence ; tiie matter has been reported to tiie department, but it wul be a fortnight before any steps can be taken; even if we bad a a fall of rain it would lake two or tiiree weeks to affect the spring well.' From a resident of tiie autnet who was in town on Wfdnpflday we have obtained fintfier particulars. It appears Suit the school premises are neither famished with spouting nor tanks ; tilat tiie weU in question yields fyj^'li iufy water durinc a portion of the year ; and that good water has to be brought at considerable expense from a lagoon two miles distant. The position is not an enviable one, and unless tiie department do something there is little likelihood of an improvement. Money does not flow very freely for such purposes, and the committee are said to have enough on hand already. Vet Bcfaool premises ought certainly be supplied with water. A CASE of drowning occurred on Wednesday. A young man named Charles Pike, employed as a puntman on the river works at the Flats, came op to town witii a man named Thomas W. Hinsby. On arriving at the lower ferry steps Mr. Hinsby got oat of the boat and proceeded into town, Pike saving that he would fasten the boat to a punt which was beside tiie wharf opposite the Custom Bouse. The only person near tiie wharf at the time [about a -guarter.past twelve) was Mr. James iTottmaii, who was fishing on a slip. When Pike came to tiie wharf he attempted to make bis boat £ast to tiie punt. Mr. Trottznan drew ais attention to one of tiie paddles, which was slipping into the water, and he returned and ?eenred it. WhOe doing so the boat moved away from tire punt, which waa swinging wica the tide, and tiie unfortunate man rushed to tbe stem and attempted to seize hold of tiie punt. Mr. Trottman called out to him to take care ; but Pike at that instant missed his hold, and. overbauuMxag himself, felj into the river. He sank immediately and only rose once to the surface. Be made no straggle and ottered no cry, but went slowly sod steadily to the bottom. Mr. Trottman shouted out and rushed to tbe other side of the wharf, where be got the grappling iron, but there was no rope to it; and he bad to get a rope from his dOly-bag before be could make use of ttiedrag. Meanwhile tiie ferry-boat bad come over and measures were tmwwli«i-jiT-+-iTrII fn recover tiie body. Pike lives next to the Bush Hotel, North Bockhampton. and was lately married. On Jifarmjr of the accklont Mr. Gibbins, Superintendent of tile Biver Works, at once despatched tiie steamer Mary, under Captain Bawlinson, and two boats crews, to assist in searching for tiie body. It was late in the afternoon, however, before tia- accident was reported at the Upper Flats, and tiie steamer had then to go to the Slip, to procure grappling irons and tackle. Though not a moment was lost, it was six o'clock hf tite time she arrived at tiie Railway wharf, and it was then ascerhuned that tiie body bad been recovered by Constable O'Sullivan about fonro'dock. Having been seen by the Haltii Officer, it was oonveyed to the Morgue situated at tiie Hospital. Ipwj intent the juveniles to know tint somenmarkame akiprsng urimuoi took pl»e»tttesdmdpicnMonTlKr«I..y.eek. A ml at the Church of England ScW treat, at EOi, got the prise toTs72 skips; bat tins fosVdever as ttwsa, pale, before tteschieve ments of two Welsh girls, mt the Baptist picnic one of sham sknrjed65gtima wBhoat ?toppmg. '4 the tfmerT tier rater, bad ratted 60S, when she ma stopped by fas toother, who thought die W aanTeswugh. Often got up to 165, IJ9, 184, mod one a m&orerSOQ.; Tl» traffic earnings on the Northern Baa. way for the week ending May 12 amounted to «&6 16a. Hi, £% ./increase o* the coueepouding period of bat year of £355 MB. The amorat is fchos made op: Saras £135 Is. 6VL, goods and atodt £488 Is. 3d_ Jjgd.' CB lis. Su. Tim earning on' Se~ Southern and Western Bailiray were— £3393 Hi. Id., being as increaae of £907 7a. on the corresponding period of laat year. Tie total *1L899 lie. on the northern line, and 861,265 16a. on the southern line, being an increase in the former case of £446* 8. Si, and in the latter of £11.693 15s. 3d., over tfaecorrespund ing period of last year. Ore reader* will be glad to hear that there is every reason to hope that Financial Separa tion jrfll soon be an accomplished met. A report is in circulation at Brisbsoe to tie effect that st a late meeting of the financial Separation Comiiriasion, Mr. Hacroaaan moved Oat in addition to Undo, customs receipts be treated as faest revenue. This ana opposed by the members of Committee representing the southern party, but on being pat vu carried by the casting vote of the chair man, and will form one of tfae re commendations of Che report. Tins is a point which has always stood in the way of any complete measure of financial Separation, tiu- departmental influence baring bees always strongly opposed to localisation of the Customs reccsDwH. b wiU be noticed from our Brisbane tele grams that the Ministry are erhorting to self reliance. There are no vacancies in tbe psWHc service ; and young men, instead of waiting to step into somebody^ shoes, and pestering tie Government, through their friends, to do inipossMitieB, are advised to seek employ Blent elsewhere. Tbe celebrated William Cobbett, though rabid on sneh subjects, was not so far wrong when he recommended yemtg men with brains and energy to cot ont a path for themselves, and to leave (TOVErnment appoint ments t« tbe lame and blind. This, of coarse, would™* do Bterally, bot it would be wen if tbe youth of the colony, and of other colonies as wen, were to exhibit a little more of the independence which it breathes. A Gladstone correspondent writes : — On Thursday a weO attended lectors was given by the Ber. F. Smith, incumbent of & Saviour's, Gladstone, the subject being 'Woman, her position and destiny.' The lecturer qnoted from wiiteia botit ancient and modern in ilnstra tion of woman's position in different countries andages,herbeauty,WDrtii andpeeuliarrdlition to man as the sharer of his home. Happy aUnstrations of the genus woman were given, sometimes hnmorons and always graeefoL The general attention was good, and the approval hearty. A vote of thanks was given to the lecturer and tbe **-i™— It was almost a matter of necessity that in a lecture by an English gentleman on such a subject the Queen should occupy a prominent position, and a delightful evening was dosed Eyeing ing tbe national anthem. A Gunui correspondent, whose letter is dated the 17th instant, writes :— Tbe Bev. J. S. Westwood, evangelist and bash missionary, is now? em romU far Roekhampton and Northern Queensland via Banana. He has been over twenty years in the austrjlian colonies and Tasmania, including a two years' missionary trip to Great Britain. He was formerly an evangelist of a Baptist Chur* in Melbourne, but at present has no connection with any sect or church. He is well known in the other colonies, and recently preached Cor a few months in Brisbane. He is the author of a work entitled 'Eight Tears' Itineracy in Australia,' published in Mel bourne in 1865. tast night he lectured here on 'The Pyrairids of Egypt and the great troubles to come in 188L' He will be in Sockbsmpton in a few weeks. A STKciu, committee meeting of the Eock hampton Benevolent Society was held on the 25th ultimo, in the School of Arts. There were present: airs. Hunter (Lady Pre sident), Mrs. Them, lbs. Orr, Mrs. Ma ford, lbs. Ferguson, Mrs. Sabuod (Lady Treasurer), Mrs. Beadrick (Lady Secretary), Bev. a Hartley, Bev. A. Bay, and Dr. Salmond. The L«dy President stated that-he meeting had been convened in consequence of tbe funds of the Society having fallen so low that it was necessary for the Committee to come to some decision as to the coarse to be punned. She was afraid that it would be requisite to suspend the operations of theSocdsWforatimB,aDdtoreopenupona new principle, as it would be Impossible to continue tin work without getting into debt, and they had no right to do so. The funds at the disposal of the Society vm barely auffiaaut to meet expenses, and a long time would elapse before the money given by Government was obtained. Mrs. Hesd lick said Out there was great difficulty in getting subscriptions. Mrs. Salmond stated ttattbere hadalwayabeenacredit balance to fiM Society in previous yean, hot this year there was none, and ttey would only have £15 at the end of tbe mono. Each mmate in the asylum cost 7s. per week. After a long dis cusson. Dr. Salmond moved that a telegram be sent to the Colonial Secretary mfonnmj him Oat the Sodety-s fends were almost ?ex- hausted, in consequence of the number of nadM who reamred relief wfafle their nmtnt&A; an the railway «n«a«ainii works, and .?Jisitme, that -h» Government iB give the Society a spedsl donation' of £800 br this purpose. Tbe motion was seconded by Mra. kaford and carried.^ -This concteded reporters withdrew. A tarn, from Mr. Langley. of the Tele graph Department, states that cable rates upon messages to be forwarded to the west of India have been raised twopence per word. Tm proceeds of tbe late concert given in aid of the funds for repairing the Church of England amounted to £36 8s.. and we see, from a notice elsewhere, that the Church wardens of St Paul's express their thanks to the vocalists, and odiers, for tiieh- services. Of on that His Honor «fce Chief Justice retires upon his pension in a few months the Attorney -Genera? (Mr. S. W. Griffin^ whose place in the Ministry, if etui in exis tence, wffl be taken by Mr. f. J. Gsrrick, M.L.A. Of course we cansot vouch for the truth of this rumour, hot it baa the appear ance of probability . ™^ Tbe race between Mr. Ryan's Happy Jack and Mr. Rutherford's Tearavay came off on Monday afternoon, on die Bockhamptoociorse. There were a good number of spectators, though very little betting took place, tbe odds being 3 to Ion Tearaway. Tbe horses were sent away to a good start, but Happy Jack, who was splendidly riddenby Mr. /. fun, snoo proved faisaupmiutilji, sad never allowed Tearaway to get on terms with him, winning at the finish as he bled. The time was 2 minutes 1J second, which was very good cou tdueriug the steadier of 10 stones that both A oomhoticatiof sddressed to Mr. Buza cott, tbe Member for BoeUiampton, on tbe subject of. the Railway Extension Surveys tram Emerald. Downs, was received ou Monday from tbe Conmusskmer for Baflways, asd is oonfirmatory of a recently ssUished letter. The document is as follows :- 'Brisbane, 31st May, 1877.— Sir,— Eeferringto your letter of 1st instant, regarding Eatensioo Sarvevs from Emerald Downs towards the Alice Brrer, I am desired to inform you the Chief Engineer ii— bccD insfemctod to thIt? *rr**Tgf^nviT't^ as soon as possible for pashing the extension sur veys from Emerald Downs to tbe westward. — I have the honour to be, sir, your obedient servant, A. O. ffmwmT — C H. Buzseott, Esq., Boekhampton.' Soue tioe short-bora balls, the property of the A.J.S. Bank, and Utdy landed here, were sola yra*era»y by Mr. J. Macfarlaae. A Sew partaiculara may interest stock-owners :— (1). SOth Duke of Brunswick, N.8.W., red and white, calved December 23, 1875; got by 6th Duke of Brunswick ; dam Queeny, by Royal Butterfly 1st, NSW. (2.) 21st Duke of Brunswick, N.S.W., white, calved March 30, 1876; got by Sth Duke of Bruns wick ; dam Alice, also by Royal Butterfly. The remainder of the pedigree is common to both. The bulls were bred by Mr. W. W Gwin,' of Woodstock, CHadnlU. \3.) The Knight, roan, calved 5th January, 1876 ; got by Eiaght of the den, imported ; dam Laura, pure-bred Lee cow. Messrs. Macartney and Hayne, of Wsverley Station, Broadsonnd, were the purchasere. At the land sale which took puceon Monday at the Crown Lands Office, there were not many competitors for the lots; and conse quently only three portions were sold. Portions 286 and 287, wtnatod in the county of Livingstone and Parish of Backhsmpton, were withdrawn from sale pending the con struction of the bridge over Crocodile Creek, it being probable that one of them will be required by the Government. Tbe total receipts from tihe sale were £228, exclusive of deed and surrey fees. Tbe following are the portioas sold: County of Livingstone, psrisn of SUnwell, portion 52, 86 acres, apset price 15s., purchased by James Dempsey, Stanwett, at £1 la. 6i per acre ; portion 54, 91 acres, upset price ISs., purchased by James Dempsey, SUnweD, at £1 Os. 6d. per acre ; portion 55, 75 acres, purchased by X. Demp Bey at 15s., tJke upset price. We have been favoured by Messrs. Mac dermott Brothers with the following pedigrees of cattle lately imported by them from New South Wales for Mr. W. G. Peberdy. Fncbsia, calved January 27. 1875, by Count Geneva (imported), dam Passive (imparted). Rosebud, red heifer, calved February Si, 1876, bv Count Geneva, dam Passive. Mosaic, by Monastimn (imported), dam Shield cow by Praton (imported), g. dam Shield eov by Spencer ^imported), g^. dam by Champion (imported). This animal was commended at the Sydney Exhibition, in section 2 dass 40. Hyacinth, calved December 11, 1875, by giM-mm. (imported), dam Hyacinth by Prince Alfred, g. dam Peachblossom, bred by Fanning, Griffiths and Co. Kfldonan took first prise at the Elgm and Aberdeen Slows before leaving England. A uctubs was given on Tuesday mght in the School of Arts by Mr. T. P. PnghTPoIiee Magistrate, on the Eastern Question. The chatTwas taken by Mr. J. Headrick, President of the Institution, and there was a large ?f HrffinHfinfwi. The lecturer ctM'*tw*'-*'3i1 by ex plaining the origin of the Crimean War, and the grounds of the quarrel about the Holy Sepulchre. He then showed how the Turks, since their first — I';** on the Greek Empire, bad tyrannised over the Christian population of tint portion of Europe, now known as Turkey ; and painted out who mre the Turks and the Sdava, of whom so much was heard. Hk lecturer considered that the whole Turkish system of government was radically bad and incapable of improve mem\ illustrating bis remarks with copious extracts. At tie dose a hearty vote of thanks was passed to the JectBzer, on the motion of tbe Chairman, seconded by Mr. J. HacEsrlaae. The loctore contained much valuable information, and throw considerable Ught on the political aspects of the vexed «?-**??. Or Monday mgat about tan. o'clock a report was made to tb» police that Mr. Camming. Secretary to the School of Arts, bad poisoned himarfr Senior-Sergeant BranoeHy imme diate^prooeedcd^theCrowu Hotel, aecom onfortunate man. At first tbe im pression was entertained that be was in a state of intoxication, and although measures were taken to restore him to consciousness s doctor was not immediately sent for. la a (ew minutes a. young man named Brookes came in and informed the Senior-Sergeant that a few minutes before ten o'clock Mr. Cumming had gone into Mr. Spieer'e Steam Packet Hotel, which is opposite to tbe Crown, and had said^Jhejgsg-ap'T bol^ttaiJg^steuaeaTo^eoufiimseif. TaroacHeiTa small phial, which would hoU about an ounce and a half, and is labelled chloroform. Heweotawaybutshortlyretamed and said be bad taken it On bearing this atory.aiid satisfying himself of itetnrth,Senior Sergeant Bcauneuy sent a messenger for Dr. Cauaghan, who on arrival administered am pmHar, to Mr. Camming, winch, however, bad no eflect. The doctor then sent for a stomach pump to Dr. Salmond, and that gentleman having arrived with it they applied it to the sufferer. At half-past one o'clock the doctors ixuuaicd litSe hope of the pstientfa recovery, but he began to amend about two, and 'by Tuesday auormng was able to walk. The sBfortnnate man was removea to the Hospital in custody of the pouce. The Bansians in Asiatic Turkey are moving towards Oa south. Having disposed of Ardahan, they are advancing upon Erxeroum, tbe principal city of Armenia, situated on the Eara-su or western branch of the Euphrates, and distant {roe Tiebizond, its port, about laOmues. At tbe date of our telegram, the main body of Hie Bossian army were storming the outworks of Kara, while tbe van-guani was at Olti, a snail town near tbe western mountains es nmU for tbe capital. Now Kara, which is 106 miles from Etxeroum, may, as in 1854, prove a hard not to crack, and is likely, st any rate, to retard tbe advance of the central divisions; bat tbe van-gaard should reach Eeseroum in a few days, as they have before 'them a march of only 75 or 80 urifcs, and no obstructions. Tbe pachalie forms one of tbe great sub di visions of Asiatic Turkey, and is an elevated table-land, some «0M feet above tbe level of the sea. Erzemom, which has a population of 40,000 or 50,090. is of considerable size, and it partly surrounded by u old castellated wall and ditch. Tne citadel is encircled by a double wall nWtea by towers aod protected bya ditch. Thk stronghold, which has four gates, encloses the Palace of the Pasha, and the dwellings of a large part of the Tnrkan population. fiat a ctmstdenble porbon ox the city is outside the tamparts, and so, also, are tbe principal khans and bazaars, which are extensive, and well stocked with provi sions and merchandise. Here are shawls, sQks, cotton, tobacco, rice, and indigo from tbe ffsst, with lanailriuth, chmtzies, cutlery, and other arbclee of British Bmiufautme from Trebbond. This entrepot, which is on the high road from Persia to Constantinople, will be looted by the Russians, unless it can bold its own, which is not likdy. Under the Bysaatimes ii was looked upon as &b; bulwark of Armenia; but in 1829 it fell into tbe bands tbe course of the fallowing year. Itbidsfair to have a change of masters again— and that speedily. ClBUSGGAsm are curiosities in their way, and a message via Singapore, received by us at three o'clock in the morning, may afford anillBsn-ation. It is intelligible enough, but the spelling is a caution, though we find that foreign names are nearly always mntjlatort Tbe cablegram runs thus : ' Russian troops Eapfa march Ennieronon vanguard Otti left wing advancing Durbekin.' Now let ss try a translation, for the message cannot go into tbe paper in that form. We must look sharp, too, for the morning is bitterly cold, and are want a little deep before commencing the labours of another day. Well, that is com forting — it is plain 'fl'»jj — no hard problem this time. 'The Russian troops, under General Rapis, are marching upon Emueronon, the vanguard being at Otti, while the left wing iB advancing towards Durbekin.'' Very good; and the 'devfl,M who is waiting for 'copy,' is in tike act of J™*-jJ'ng it away, when General Rapis abuts up before us (in imagina tion). A good general no doubt, far-seeing, ^»«*™p. yet cautious, only he is not af our acquamtance. Besides, wbere are Ermieronon, and its companion strongholds? Down come tbe atjarof, gazeteere, geographies, encydojwediat, and works of reference by the dozen — quite a pile— but those mysterious fortresses have been omitted. We fear they are not of earth; and the band of the 'devil 'is stayed. We must think awhile. Dear General ! who are you, and whither sxe ym marching wxtn yosx valiant t**1*^' B*ji/**^p you jn Europe or Aais, or Moonlaad? Another glance alt the ^i^^jbwhii^ and we utt* ^'i-nTTf!'fdfff of *t* electric shock. We had not quite finished ; there are four words more, and one of them affords a due to the riddle. That word is Kara. How we dote upon it and laugh at the mystifications of tbe cable. The words are 'centre bombarding outworks Ears.' Stay, boy, you will get the oopydirecdy. We have &uad; our reckoning. We are in *«**^- Turkey, in the presence of the troops that have jost taken Axuahan. Bntlo! General Rapio subsides into a decent adverb; tbe taupe are marching rapidly upon Eraeroum, the chief city of Armenia, while the vanguard is at Olti, and the centre bombarding Kara. We let Durbekin stand as it is, for after an bom's search we have failed to find the requisite credentiala. The cable must be i—ij.i«.«m« moveover, B there should be a General Rapis, ?we beg hi» pardon for placing him so low in the parts of speech, but smtoihe present we have not received his card. So now file 'copy' i, „ the bands of tbe printera, sad we hasten borne— to sleep, perchance to dream of General Bapisaadbis {bantam tnons. Cixbxoht flrnm -n- Commx.- The following gentlemen (says tbe P. J-. Tri.jii.,) were on Tuesday elected members of com mittee tor the current year t— Messrs. Thomp son, Smith, Adair. lea, Campbell. Banks*. Elliott, £. Mullin, Hidop, Robertson, ana Singleton. Messrs. Thompson and Lea were elected Chairman and Vice-chairman. Mr. Robertson (AJL8. Bank) was appointed Treasurer. Mr. CraraTwas' dectedSecm- . tary. 'OlnBooTfcU.'— An instance of canine afleetion of an eltraordmary nature cecnrred recently at the Happy«o-Lnete--tewlisutsr ? Robert Malhew»o^»£feaWdenly leftlL jj^^-eotaTdo-at Mr. Williams' faotd, and - after hie master's decease** would not be com- . forted,' but roamed about looking tor bis owdct, wbom be — —|t^ not Und. vt» r^nned - all kind of nourishmeet offered him, and lay down and died, it is said, of a broken heart.— liabomrme Age. Snrart^E Loss— Mr. J. Mintyre, of Bray brook, sustained a severe loss in the sodden death of a valuable bone named Ashbum, far which be bad (the week previous) refused £400. Within twenty-four boon afterwards : toe same gentleman 1ounu that 123 sheep had been smothered, and. 6* Turkeys been drowned, all belonging to him. The tees of tbe hone is, it is thought, attributable to mnammaalan, and of die sheep to Ihe worry ing of some strange dogs in the district— Eszexocbl— The city is celebrated for its mosques, which number nearly forty; but in 1859 many of its edifices were thrown down by an earthquake. 'In tbe brief space of tea or twelve WMSiua, says one si rotiij^ , 'the better half of tins fine and densely populated city was thrown down, and tfae remainder was seriously damaged. Upwards of 1500 men, women, and ddldresi were buried intsenms. In one sf the fcarraess d»e, out of an entire battalion of «00 stnog. sac more than 350 saved their lives by a pre dpitate retreat' Another writer says ;' The line-wans, tbe barracks, tbe quarters of tbe military governor, sad a part of the pdsee of the pasha, or erril governor, mdaomg us harem, tbe prisons, the public schools, tag principal bazaar, Sfiany minaret&jttbe; AttsUiau consulate, and the residence of tbe British Consul, were among the bandings, rendered to a heap of rums.' Fearing another .hock, tie entire population took to tbe plains, where they lived in tents for a while. PgracELv Between— Brewing must be a good solid business in tbe United Kingdom. The Gsmses brewery » is ireVxad, anA two pence is all a small bottle of Guinness; porter costs. Tbe profit mast be wry smaD, bat tfae number of botUes must be enormous. These brewersarebaronetstoo. SirBenjanBnGuinness pays income tax of £56,600 a year, and there are two sons partners. One of (kern, Sir Arthur, wanted to get away from the smell of bops and matt. Tbe other Cnimisw agreed to pension him in his nobility, and be is to re ceive £1,000,900 cash for bis share, or twenty years purchase of £50,090 a year. Mr. E. Cecil Gumnesi ottered to draw a cheque at once for the round uriTnon, his brother's share of tbe concern, but took pity on tbe bank, which might not have been aUe without previous notices to rake 5,000.000 dot from ite coffers. Soch a cheque would be a terrible biowon any bank. Tbe Sir Guinnesses are going ont with tteir titles but Mr. Guinness is not too proud to brew beer and make a fortune by honest fermentation. The GmnnesBes are solid. A SrsCTSAJ. VisrrAST.— Aghost has made its appearance in the omou district of Beuarine. The Advertiser says :— ' A well known resident, on returning home from Portarliagton a few evenmes ago, somewhere in tbe small hours, saw as Ibe approaebed bis residence what to him appeared to be the figure of a woman ip an erect attitute, bat motionless. Bound the bead of the spirit was adisi halo, which looked supematural, and the features bore a strong resemblance to those of a young lady of tbe district, who, unfortunately for the advocates of spiritism, is still living. With tfae courage of his race, he made towards her ftpmtaBiip, and was about to ask the reason of so late a visit, when to his *m*»-H**iA. the figure proved to be a 'Walker,' for it soon disappeared with lightning speed across tfae Oman fields into otter darkness. The onion grower on seeing this, took to his beds, and was soon safe inside a bolted door, but bo overcame was he with fright that be swooned away — a cxrcnm stance that, to him never ocuurBBd before. Ik ghost has caused great excitement in the koHy. Do Not Face the Lmht.— Statistics kept by oculists employed in infirmaries for eye diseases, have shown that the habit of some persons in facing a window from which the light fsHs directly in the eyes as well as on tbe work, injures their eyes in the end. The best way is to work with aside light, or, 3 the work needs strong inuminataons, so that it is necessary to have tbe working table before the window, the lower portion of the latter should be covered with a screen, so ss to have a top light alone, which does not shine in the eyes wben the bead is elighUy bent over and downward toward tbe work. In the schools in Germany this matter has already been attended to and tie rule adopted to S»*e aB tbe seats and tables so arranged that the pupils never face the windows, but only have the side lights tram the left; and ss a light simultaneously thrown from two sides gives an interference of shadows, it has bsenstricHy forbidden to buDd schoolrooms with windows on both sides, such innminatian having also proved injurious to liieeyeB of tfae . pupils. We may add to thni the advice not to place the lamp in front of you wben st sVlafaal VI tsawS CTCpjlag. I Hit ss lltlsT 4aU COsS aWavfi J and never to neglect the nse of a shade, so as to prevent the strong Ughtahmmg in tfae eyes. Tms is especially to Tie considered at the present time, when kerosenelaums, with ibsir iiitwpfwfly lnnrinooa flina, Iwwn* iaow hm ronrn ?iiiiniiwi ITwiirmt iTswrnif 