ARCHBISHOP VAUGHAN'S LENTEN SERMONS. No. 2 —Sin, .On Sunday evening last, a largo nutnoer were waiting al St. Mary's Cathedral before -i o'clock, the hour when, tbe doors wero opened. JBcforo 7 the church whs filled. All tho Dents wero occupied, and the passages also were packed with an expectant audience. Wlion the Arch bishop appeared t-horo must have been con siderably over 40 00 peveonn presr-nfc. Father Mahony, Mr. Bknclm'd, and a number of the church;- -ir-a: dais kept cdmirable ordsr. His Grace tho Archbishop said : We oocupied ourselves laot v; cek uince last Sundoy in con sidering (ha end of man hi general, and our own end' in particnlav. Wo saw this: that God's Kye cannot; iind cuo in heaven who did not gat there throur-h fulfilling tho end of hia creation, nor can the Eye of the Evil One search out one in hell vxrVin in nnfi t.lipvn VinnmiRO he\ nrpVAvinnifirl againot tlu;t end. Then we went on to con sider the condition of men living now in tho world, who are preparing for heaven or hell ; and on looking round we could not help feeling that the vast mi joriiy of tho&e; on whom we fixed our eyes were living in a very strange way — profepsini* one thing and seemingly doing another— :.nd so acting ao if their faith in a future world of endless happiness or misery oould ' hardly be very strong. Then we did what is most important of all : we turned our eyes from others upon ourselves; and we, to our Horror, to our great shame and terror, it must be said, found onrselve3 little better, perhaps worse, than those' we were so freely condemning. We found that our lives have ' been very worldly, very little dedicated to .- the one paramount work ; and that we have been going along a road which is a very doubtful one, to oay the lens- ; and that if we mean business, that is really intend to get to heaven, v?e aiuot ahow ourselves far more in earnest than v/e have bsen. ' It can EOitrcely be conceived that there can be any one so blind, so infatuated and befooled by vanity, a3 to imagine fih.it he has not a work nor? to do which ho baa not been doing with go mnch energy and earnestness as he ought. The best of ns want mending ; ' and he who opines that he requires it leaet, most assuredly will find, whea tho Judge takes him in hand, that he is really ia a worse condition then those whom he freely criticised oa earth. You have, then, it n-:iy ba tak-an for granted, during the last we?.k been seriously occupied with your Bsuls ; and have made tho firm resolution that, come what will, it matters not what, you will do one thing, you will fulfil the end for which God made you, you will avoid hell, and attain heaven, You know you oaanot make a com pron'ise ; yon cannot choose to be neither* lost nortav.id ; ons or the other will infallibly be your fate, ;;ud that for dII eternity, as long as God shall rule the heavens. Having made this ? firm reso'utioa, this fundamental resolves on whi;h t-Jl olio depends, you naturally ask y ur sslveu ; How ia it that auch vast mul titudes contravene, that ia act against their last end? What, made so many angels fall from heaven? What is ifc that populates hell with !?o many damned oouls ? Learned men, men of high position, men with many social qualities and euv]Vi-!o gifts, kind father?, generous bene fact-vs, clever, writers, earnest workmen, in duairiona artizaua ; v/hat ia it that made these, with so' \;:i\r.y millions of others, fail, and be cast into the pool of sulphur, and into the com panionship of the powers of everlasting and fierce cruelty ? It was because they did not ful fil their end. But what is the precise meaning of not fulfilling one's end '? What did God make man for ? He made him for a special object, for a special reason. As knives are made to cut with, and chairs are made to sit upon, and watches are made to keep time : so, if the knife will not cut, or the ohr.ir is unfit to sit down on, or the watx-h will no-: keop time, they cannot be said any cf them to fulfil the end for which they were made. Now, as tho watch is made to keep time, so man in made to do God's will here, and to rejoice and live with Him ever hereafter. The end of man is not to be born into this world,' to grow up, to settle in life, to have a family, to rear children; to grow into old age, and then to decay, to be buried, and to cease altogether to exist, From birth to death is tho alloted span. whether that span be long or short, in which man has to prepare for his eternity. His end and object is not to live a few years on earth more or less happily — that is the end of your horse, or your dog, or your cow, or your singing- bird : man's end is something better, higher, more lasting than the end of brute animals : he may begin with them, but he does not end with them. He is made for altogether another end, and that end is„ living everlastingly with the God of all beauty and all love. And if he does not do that, then, oh,- awful thought! he will be buried in hell's flames for all eternity. That will be his end then, an end of his won deliberate making, of his own free, spontaneous choice Man's end then, your end, tho end of, every rational soul, is to live everlastingly with the Supreme Good, by doing tho will of that Supreme Good whilst on earth. If such is man's end, it is evident that he who refuses to do the will of die Supreme Good, who rebels against it, and prefers his own will to that of his Maker, is prevarication against his end ; and if he dies with this prevarication in him, with his back turmed, as it were, upon his Almighty Master and King, then hell will be his home, and Satan will be his ever lasting tormentor. This is what we mean when we talk of sin, of mortal or deadly sin with which we are mainly engaged thia ovoning. To avoid sin is to avoid hell : to sin, to live the life of a sinner, is to walk, whilst living in tho flesh, to tho Gates of Topath, and to earn the damnation of everlasting loss and eternal fire, Such being tho case, it is but natural that you ' should be drawn to meditate upon this monster Sin, do that you may learn all the more snro]y- to avoid ifc, and thus to save body and soul from tho endless misery which would await them if they were thralls to this hellish destroyer of man's happiness. Let us then consider sin this evening under three aspects, so that whilofc the throo connidorationn token together form a unity and produce logical pressure on tho mind, we may at tho same time have, as we had last week, a fresh consideration every two days to enter tain ourselves with. We will meditate, first, then, on what sin is ; secondly, why man commits sin ; and thirdly, on the consequences of sin, But before we begin our treatment of this most important subject, it would be r;ell to repeat that we are engaged upon no mere matter of opinion, no mere subjective view of come clever man, or of any number of clever men, or any number of sophists or scorners ; but we are engaged upon a vital doctrine of the Church of God, taught by Him to man in the Conscience, in the Law, through the Gospols, and supported by the teaching of thousands of the greatest intellects, and tho purest thinkers who have ever walked on the earth. The great Catholic Church is at our back : it is her distinct teaching we are following, tho teaching of all ages till now, when the massive weight of moral evidence of tens of thousands of high intellects ought, even speaking humanly, to make isolated scoffers, and self-read sophists, a little modest in their self-condemning condem nations. We should not merely feel that we can defend the doctrines of the Church, but we ought to learn to appreciate the fact that those who, with their puny bodkins, attack her, are the ones who show themselves to be simply hollow and impudent adventurers, who have not learnt the first elements of modesty, or the ntnt principles of the relative value to bs set upon established truth and individual opinion; Let us, theu, leaving on one side all other thoughts, do our very best during this week 60 grasp tbe Church's mind on this vital question, and to make our calling and election sure by avoiding sin as if it were a viper. Now, how con we best prepare our minds for. this meditation ? Wo masb approach it ivith certain dispositions, or 0m1 time will be thrown away ; r,ud thero is one difficulty in this especial subject which tends to make it leaofc usoful to those who want it most. Who are those who want ib most ? How can the impediment be removed which tends to make it least uceful to thoae who do moat require it 1 Those moat require it who have sinned most. Those who this evening in God'a sight are the greatest sinners, such are the persona who require this meditation nbove all others. Why ere 6he greatest ainners likely to be Ie3a benefitted by auoh a meditation ? Because though the sun. may be in midnheaven, if a men bo blind, he cannot nee with all ito light. No man is so blind to hie own interior afcate, to the blackness of hi3 own conscience, as he whose conscience is blackest. And why ? Beoauae it is the nature of sin to poison and to benumb. God'a light is oa'ot out of the soul when oin nets up ito throne there, sin which at once nets about drugging the conscience and blinding the eyes, and paralyzing a man's'spiritual sensibilities, till, like anjhnbilual drunkard, it is his normal state to bo intoxicated and blinriod by the hemlock poison of mortal sin Are fihero any hero thus minded — who feel ? indifferenfcc oallono, unimpreeaed ? If there b?, j let them take head to themselves : let them hear my warning voice ; let me rousa them up, shake out uof sloop that conaoience of theirn ; and let tbem nave themcielvos this nit»ht from the I thraldom of everlasting death. ' And how, fehc-y j may nak, can we co strike ouroolves as to smite off this our deadly lethargy? The reply is simple and fits the case of ail. Throw yourselves, one and all, irt spirit at tho foot of the Cross — with Magdalene esibrace the foot of your crucified Redeemer ; with the penitent thief caofc eyes of sorrow onrl confidence upon youv Lord ; bag of Ilia Holy Spirit to convince you this night of ein ; and in that great presence of your Saviour, and in presence of all His Angola, of Hit) ? Blessed Mother and the Saints, in their light, j before their oountonancea, strike your breast and bow your bead, and any, ' Lord I have sinned before Heaven and against Thee. Teach me to know, to judge myself, and fco see myself as Thon, O Lord, dnst Q6e me ; and then grant mo a fountain of tears that; I may weep for my transgressions,, and obtain thj' merciful forgiveness.' Before each consideration each day you will pray like this : mind you do it, for God alone can give us light here. If Ho is not with us in thia scrutiny, vain, wholly vain, will be our endeavour ; for this ia an especially spiritual work. Ifc requires a divine light to Gee with, and a large share of generosity, and more honesty with ourselves than perhaps we have been accustomed to exercise. Conoider first then, what is ain 1 Sin, evidently, from what hao been already oaid, is a relation between the rational creature aud ita Creator and God. Let us, then, to understand tho nature of tin all the better, think for a moment what God ia. and then what man 3d. God ia the Supreme Being of infinito goodnena, beauty, and truth. Hd lviten, His whole Being' detests, with an infinite detestation, wickedness, deformity, and lies. He, in His infinite power, out of nothing, by a Jiat, made man. As a watchmaker makes a watch for one object, viz., to keep time, so the Great Artificer made the rationalfjoreature, endowed him with intellect, will, and emotions, for one object, that he should know, love, and embrace hiu Supreme Good, aiid dwellwith JBim endlessly in bliss. Having made man for this one end, Ho decreed to prove Mm, and gave him a Law to obey — the law of conscience in the natural order, and the commandments of revelation in the supernatural. And all this He had a complete right to do, for man did not mako himself, does not support himself in. being1, is so wholly and completely God's creature and. creation, that did tho Almighty withdraw Hie concurrence for one moment, man and all he is would that moment | cease to be. Hie very boing, the light of hio } 'lutollootj fclio guises o£ his fcoartj all ho is, is \ God's, and not his own, so absolutely is he the creature of God's will and the dependent on His pmvor. To Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, man owes everything1, creation, redemption, sauctifi cntiou. Ho is their creature, and lives in their hands. And although tho Lord is almighty, Hio law is the law of liberty. Being- goodness, beauty, and truth essential, He cannot act con trary to His nature, and, therefore, He could not impose a cruel, unjust, or immoral command upon His creature. All His laws, all His com mands aro like Himself, and obedience to them loads straight to Himself, and renders the creature created to Bis image all the more like Himself. God then is all powerful, a Law giver, All-good, All-just, All-wise, All-fair, and All -true. He cannot, without denying His own nature, order anything- of His creature that is not good, just, and virtuous. Ho creates man, who, in comparison with Him, is nothingness— dust and ashes, a worm, a mere mote in the beam of an hour. Ho gives him a just code of lawa, by tho fulfilment of which he may gain his end everlasting life. He gives him freedom to obey or to disobey this just code of rules ; otherwise man has no means of proving his fitness' for Heaven. Not only this ; but God Almighty offers him, if ho will take the trouble to make use of them, ample moans of fulfilling the just code of laws ; and places before him the example of His own Son, Jesus Christ, and of countless men and women, not to speak of angels, who have already done what he is asked to do. Such, thon, is God and His relation to man ; such man in his relation to God. What now is sin? Sin is this : God saying to man His creature, ' I, who am thy Almighty Creator, thy Redeemer, thy Sanctifier, thy Last End, command thoe, under pain of everlasting punishment in hell for ever, to do thio ;' and man, that poor man , whose very breath and worda God gives him, saying back, ' I defy Thee. I will not obey, I will do my will and not Thine. Thou didst make, and form me, Thou dideb dia on the bloody cross for me, Thy spirit ofton whispered in my heart ; Thou dost promise mo heaven if I oboy, and hell if I refuse ; all thia Thou dosfi do for me, but I will not obey ; I pre fer my own will, and my own good pleasure before Thee and all Thy benefits and promised, and rather than forego that will of mino I will trample under foot the blood of my Eedeomor.' Such is tho arrogance, tho insolence of a wretched worm towards the Great God of hen- . ven as he defioa Him to His face, and dares to withstand his Maker. And what ia a bad life bnt a course of such defiances ? What is it but tbe fast of man making use of the very life God has given him to defy hia Creator, turning the very benefits he hao received against his Bjne fcctor ? Suppose for a moment the cans of a man passing his life, a life nay of sixty or seventy years in this attitude toworda his Supreme Good ; suppose, after ho has been warned, rebuked, and reasoned with ; after the Spirit, iiaio after fcimo, bus striven with him, but in vain ; after grace has bnen offered and has been rejected 5 after nil efforts have baon made to turn him fco hio duty, but fruitlessly ; and supposing that j he comes to die, and dies with his whole being turned against hio Maker. Now, in such a caoe, could that man ever expect to get to heaven ? Does not our ov/n nsnno of. ; right and jnatioo revolt from euch a fthought ? Do we not feel that ho himself boo fixed his ovm doBtiny ; tha,!; essential justico, love, purity, and goodness could not but looh ou him with detestation ; in a word, that hell waa tho only place for him, and that if ho v/ore in. hoa . ven, heaven itself would be- to him a bell ? Far from eternal punishment for Bin being r, doctriuo of harshness, ib io simply in conformity with man's innats ae-ntn of jaalice and of fitntena ; and ifa man, knowing there is a hell, will not take tho trouble to avoid it, bow can ho expool; much pity, or how onn hia fate, ohoaen by himself with hig oyoa open, bo anything but a justly doeervedona? Sin, then, is a rebellion against tho Law of the Supreme Lawgiver, is the act of man turning hie beck upon his God to follow hia own dolightn. Its malice io ovidont, it consiota in a man putting himself consciously in antagon ism with God ; in the created will v/ithatand ing the uncreated will o£ the Supreme Good. It is an internal, eonseioun, intellec tual or mental oppositioa to the Maker's command. Honos, you see, that oin is rooted in the soul itself. A man with his arms folded, without moving a finger or a muscle, can, by a mere act of thought, a mere consent of (the will, deliberately done, earn hell for himself, and throw himself into a state of damnation. Thus tho angels fell. Their beings rebelled in thought, their wills flew in the face of the Supreme, and He cast them head long. So man, whether he does the deed or only consents to the deed, can lose his Supreme Good, and mako shipwreck of his salvation : for tho essence, the life of the malice of sin does not so much consist in the outward act au in tho state of the soul itself in rebellion . against the will of God. Now that the soul in sinning should be possessed of this malice, what conditions are necessary ? A man, to commit a formal mortal sin, that is a sin which of its nature earns hell firo for him, must commit it, first, with full knowledge of what he is doing ; and secondly, with a full consent of hia will given in deliberate manner ; and thirdly, there should be gravity of matter which is the result either of the criminality of the sin in itself, or of especial circumstances which accompany the act. For instance, to steal a few boxes of matches from a rich man would not bo such a sin as to merit eternal .punishment ; but supposing a very poor man starting life with a few boxes of matches as his stock in trade, and supposing a companion of his knew that if he robbed him of these boxes ho would be unable to procure any others, and that he would die of starvation if they were taken ; and suppose that this com panion were also engaged in the same venture, and robbed his companion of his boxes with all this knowledge ia his- mind and out of jealousy, would not nature itself proclaim to you that this heartless and base companion had sinned unto death ? So you see that for a formal mortal sin there must be clear knowledge of its being a mortal sin, deliberate consent to tho wrong doing, and! either material or moral gravity of matter. Now, it is for you during- Monday and Tuesday to look carefully into tins. Meditate on what God is : what Father, Son, and Spirit are to you. and v/hat you- yourself are, with your intellect, will, and emotions. Think of that rebellion of thu creature ay ainat its Supreme Good which is implied in mortal ain : remember what the nature of sin is, the conditions of its existence in the soul ; and then do Avhat is all important, examine your conscience thoroughly ; see how many times you have committod sin, death-bringing sin ; and when you have come to a knowledge of your state before your God, then make a firm resolution to confess all, and to start a better, safer life for the time to come. 2. Nov/, it' sin ia what we know it to bo, a wilful rebellion and a dastardly act of in gratitude against our one great Benefactor; if sin makes a mrv.i miserable bore, and, for a 'cer- tainty, if ho dies in it, miserable in tho extreme and for over in the other world ; how is it, if all this is the case, and we aro convinced that it is so, _ how is it that in spite of all this so vast a ','?; majority of those living on tho world sin so often and so much ? They all know, and freely admit if you ask them, that they can, if they usa the proper measures, avoid mortal ain ; aud they all, moreover, freoly admit that they ought to do so, that it is iheir paramount interest to do so. How is it that thoro ia such a. wide gulf between what man can do and ought to do, on. the one hand, and what he chooses to do, on the other ? It is a theological truth that all Catho lics have full moral power to make their own spiritual perfection tho main object of their lives. How many Catholics in thia archdiocese, nay, to come nearer home, in this pro -Cathedral at this moment, have been in tho habit of making' their own perfection, not a chief occupation of their livos, but any part of such an occupation ? Wo _ know well enough vhat is meant by a inanj.being'attentivo to his business ; tho mer* : chant, the lawyer, tho tradesman, tho artizan, they all know when they aro steadily applying themselves to their special pursuits in life, they all know when thoy arc neglecting them. Now, how much time and solicitude do you, who oom poso tliis congregation before mo,'dovote to your Christian calling ? You all admit that tho business of saving your immortal coul, of advanc ing your porf ection, h immeasurably more im« poitant than ycur worldly profession, trade, or employment. How is it thou that you neglect v/hat you know to be tho most important occupation of your lives, and Gpond your T/holo energies in what 3-011 all admit to bo of far less importance ? How ia it, in one word, that tha majority of mankind aro continually living in a state of prevarication, and are over professing* on© thing, and aro ovorpersiatently doing tho. very op posite ? Why do men cut their throats by eia ? To reply adequately to this question wo must go back to the first; origin of man's misfortunes.' As deformities and certain kinds of dieoacos are ?' propagated from father to son in families) ; as the child often inherits the weakness and proclivities of his parents ; ko in this caso which wo are considering-. The origin of our weakness, of our strange prevarications, must, in tho main, botracedl.' to our first parents, God Almighty ia creating Adam and Bvo conotitutod them in vAiab ia culled original justice j that ia thoy wero mads perfect ia body aud coul ; tho Holy Spirit dwelt in them, and mr.do thorn holy, and tho reason and the will had porfcot mastery ovor choir pansionn ; and, finally, they poEao.-jr.od tho 'ift o£ corporal immortality, the tsoul and tho body too would have lived for evor. Such win tlio state of blion bastowod by tho Almighty Fafchos.' upoa our Grat parents, a Gtr.t.s of bli'.-fj which would have descended upon choir children, hjyl they stood the test r.nd coma off viotoriona in their trial. Bui; they mortally Binned; obey dolibe* rately diooboyod the Almighty God in the one coliiary command Ho put upon them nob to uouch tho apples of oao single iree amidst the (?spreading lawns and frar?tinnu woods of Paradise. They knew it, for Ho told them that tho day thoy a'.e the fruit they -should die tho death. They did eat, and they did dio ; they lost at one strok-j tho glorious gifts of perfection with which God had endowed them. The Holy Spirit had iled from their souls, the light of their eyes became obscured, they stumbled in tho way, they were subject to death, temporal and eternal; the intellect became partially eclipsed, the will weakened and prono to evil ; the passions wore let loose ; and man from that day to this has had to struggle painfully against himself, aud has had to work out his salvation with much fear and trembling. In tho one first man and woman, all tho race was contained ; they fixed the lot of their children ; we all wero born in sin, and bear upon us tho mark — the ' three -wounds,'' as thoy aro oalled — of our origin, namely, ignorance in the intellect, weakness in tho will, and turbulence in tho passions. The consequence of theso three wounds is that our nature is strongly biassed in the wrong direction ; we feel we are less powerful in doing our duty, overcoming temptation, and leading a really good life than in seeking our pleasure and gratifying* our tastes or passions, as the case may be. Prone to evil from our youth, always gravitating towards : evil, wo shall, liko men ceasing to row on a. rapid river, inevitably bo carried down tho stream, if wo do not continually consciously exert our* : solves in tho direction of good, and in tho opposite direction to evil. Now, what is tho power in us that can can resist this gravitating tendency towards evil ? Surely the will. But tho will in tho pursuit of virtue is naturally weak, wayward, and changeable ; whilst in the pursuit of pleasure it is firm, stable, and consis* tont. It is a pleasanter thing to row down the stream than to row against tha rapids. Added to the weakneuu of the will i/j tho violence of the passions, wMoh clamour to . ? ? ? . -i ? ' ? . be gratified, and which, sinco the fall of our first parents, appear to hare been struog np into a morbid intensity, and to drag man along with ..them almoat, at times, in defiance of himself. Thus, then, we are ushered into the -world ; thus We are equipped for tho battle of a lifo ; with a nature biasoed. in the wrong* direction, ever gravitating' towards the pit ; with a will firm, stable, and consistent when it is after pleasure, and weak and wayward when it is a question of persevering in .1 virtuous course of lifo ; and ?with blind, impetuous, violent passions, which are ever tending to blind tho light of reason, and to drag' the whole man down to their own bane and brutal level. In it astonishing then that 'when a man begins life an a boy, unless ho be very careful and trust to a greater strength than his own, that ho should gradually givo way ? And hero wo havo anothor explanation why there is p.o much prevarication ; for you have not merely about with you now, at this moment say, your fallen nature with its three wounds, but you have, moreover, your present bad habits en . listed on its side. How many years have you been indulging in more drink than is good for ? you ? How long havo you beon in the habit of malting a littlo extra money by that dishonesty ? How longhp.vo you been keeping that dangerous company ? or neglected the Sacraments, or stayed away from Mass on Sunday, or used evil words, or given way to passion or impurity ? How often and how long ? and you will then be able to judge what kind of infernal ropes you are bound by ; and how tight a hold the Devil has of your holpless soul. For mind, we are not to-night looking simply on an abstract question ; ?but wo aro considering1 your especial, case, how you stand and not another, and why it is that you, who know you:1 duty so well, and so keenly feel the danger of your state, should continue to abuse tho life, the health, tho strength Our Lord has given you. You know from personal experience how easily you can deceive yourself, and mal-o yourself imagine that you may law fully do what, in your inmost heart, you know you should not do 5 yon know the weakness and waywardness 01 your will after virtue, how swimmingly it sailu along the stream of delight ; you have felt the violence of passion, its tui'bu lent and boisterous character ; and you know, moreover, the habits you havo acquired since your childhood, which makes it a 1 tho more difficult for you to keep your body and soul aright, tiud you know moreover the power of Satan over you. Meditate then, on Wed nesday and Thursday, on this your con dition, on your weakness, and your prono nesa to evil ; and on the tempter ; and then you will ;;ll tho more olearly peiooive ihn paramount acceuuity of those gnpornsitm-al afiaiotancea which v/ill be tho subject of onr thought on future ni;»htn. 3. Me real oin then, OB bo saw in our first point, is an insolent defiance onerciBed on the part of a worm of the earth towards his Maker : a bnso v.c'a of blaokeot Ingratitude on tho part oi a vile oroaturo towards hia inoafc merciful Benefactor : a ini-mng 01 the back upon Wod tho Almighty, v.nti r, deliberate preferring ci' one'n own nnpotito to Sin moat just law trad govoraauce. Wo havo now alao seen how prone v/o aro to ovil, and how onr nature tends towarda pleneuro rather than virtue, and how, of ourcalvca, let fc to om- own resources, we have not n chance of veoisting ouch Btrong and ntimeroac temptations aa coma inoav way during the courco of en ordinary lifo. Now, in order to urge- our aoulo to reniafc our paoaiono and the proclivities of our fallen flash, let uo, in the preaenoa of Gel. take tho third, point, and con« aider tho awful effects of mortal oin, of one single mortal nir, go that wo may ell tho oaoier grasp tho efiee'.a th^t would result from perhapa BO maoy as *ve ourselves have already had the misforfcuno to commit. Firnfc, then, take the million!; of anpeln who did not stand their trial. What ia tho v/bolo world of men, of the highest and greatest, compared to tho vast creation of that angelio hosfc ? See how tho heavens ahino at night', in bhcae latitude?, v?irh counfclecia worlds of light, ceo tho blazing carpet of the midnight heavens ; it ia p.a dullness to tho glory of those Bono of God &'j He mado thorn to rnininter to Hia throne. Bach in that grant world of li»ht had to have hisi trial. It wan a trial of obBrlience : one single trial ; a third of tho heavenly host preferred eolf to God. .In that world of light a swift movement took place as of a sudden storm, and owiftly ao lightning, and with itc flash, like cataraotn of rushing fire, one-third of that high world waa hurled by the sheer anger of God into the pool of Topetb, created for their especial torment, tho domes of which were made to Bearoh their inmont epii-it, and salt their intellect and will with a special energy of burning. For one single oin of pvido or disobedience theheavena wore emptied of one-third of their bright inhabitant?. Hell waa evented, and millions on milliona of angelic creatures, mado for ecstatic joyfulneaH, were turned into hideous devilo, fierce BOorpions of fire, the very antitheoio of what they once had beon, when, on bright thrones, they were waiting for their trial. And if one mortal ain can produce such havoc amongDtouoh angelic natures, what will be its effect on man 1 Pluce yourselves in imagination in tho primeval garden of God, with its bright rivers, its spreading lawns, its opulent flowers, and its wide forests of shade and fruit. One man and one woman were placed in it. Birds, beasts, and all things with a sensitive life, were inn do subject to them ; and they tt od the green slopes of Eden in mutual love under the eye of God uud ennobled by His presence within them, and by His love. Their intellects were in harmony with that of their Supreme Good, their wills were as His will, and their passions were at rest under the com plete mastership of conscience. They wore to live arid not die, and their offspring1 wore to become inheritors of an equal blessing-. But they too had to have their trial. All tho spread ing* garden was theirs, all that rejoiced with any kind of lifo within it ; of all multitudinous fruit-trees they could seleot which one they would, pr any number of them, except only one tree. Their trial consisted in not touching that. Too well you know the dismal history of the fall! The serpent tempted the woman, tho woman tempted the man ; and the first parents of all were struck by God and afflicted, were stripped of Plig presence and His grace ; their intellects became darkened, their wills weak, their passions clamorous ; and their bodies wero to return to the dust out of which they had been taken ; and tho fiery pool of hell had a right over them to claim them as its own. And, alas ! alas ! Avor.se than all, so far as we aro concerned, the children of their bodies were to inherit their curse ; were to be born children of wrath ; and to bear about with them the marks of that first trans » gressiou. Look to yourselves for one moment : Do you not yourselves perceive that there is a wrench in your nature ; that you have been injured, damaged, shaken, disordered as by a violent fall from somo high place ? Such high aspirations and such low performances ; such firm resolutions at tho time, and such easy lapses into sin ; such a desire to avoid what the conscience condemns as wrong ; and such a yearning and craving' of the sensitive appetite after forbidden fruit ; all this speaks to you with the language of the experience of years, and seems to exclaim to you : ' See the effect upon yourself of one single mortal sin, not committed by you, but by a man and woman who havo been dead and buried thousands ef years ago!' And that monster which has produced such havoc amongst angels and men shows us its hoiuousness perhaps even more vividly when wo consider its relations to our Saviour. He freely redeemed us from death ; and Be did so by satisfying for sin. And as if to givo us an idea of His intense horror and detestation of this monster, He vouchsafed to allow it, as it were, to punish Him according to its nature and the heinousness of its malice. 'What did sin do to Him ? what was it His divino generosity did to save us from its effects? Sin brought Him down from Heaven to the earth ; made Him to be born of a poor woman ; made Him live like a poor man, unknown, in want, in labour, and weariness. Sin was not content with this. It at length seized hold of Him, after betraying Him with a kiss ; crowned Him with thorns, mocked Him, smote Him on the face, scourged Him, and dragged Him hither and thither through a mock trial ; and then placed a rough cross or, His shoulder, dragged Him up the Hill of Calvary, and between two malefactors crucified Him to the cross He had carried on His shoxddera ; sin it was that gave Him gall to drink, mocked Him, blasphemed His name, and plunged a snear into His side. Look then in snirit on the Hex tremoidce majestalis, on the King- of fearful Majesty, on the Lord of lords, the mighty Councillor, see to what. tho Infinite ir- reduced ! See how Ho is emptied of all things ; how shame is upon Him ; that He is a worm, and no man ; the Just One reputed with the wicked ! And why so this awful change, this fearful collapse ? of glory, this annihilation of the majesty of heaven? You know why. You know there ia but one thing that could do such a work of destruction, could act ho fierce and cruel a part as that — you know it was sin did it, sin mado Him poor and sorrowful ; sin seized Him, stripped Him, spit on His face, bufk'etted Him, scourged Him, crucified Him, pierced Him, and forced the spirit ouL of Him. witli a gronf. o.ry. Take your crucifix in hand this night : look up to heaven and see the unspeakable glory of God ; then look on the figure of your Master broken for your sin, reduced to the condition of an outcast for your salvation, and to satisfy for your innu merable ingratitudes. Surely, tho effects of sin, of one oingle sin on the millions of the angels and on our first parents, and, then, the nature of the atonement of our Saviour, ought to show you how intensely sin must be detested by Almighty God ; and how great an evil it must be in itself to produce such astounding consequences. Now, let us coma a little closer home : if one mortal sin had such effect on others, what are you to think of yoiirselves ? Let us, that we may draw some really practical fruit from this meditation, consider dispassionately and care fully v/hat are the results, not of many, but of one single mortal sin upon oiu-m solves. Let each, forgetting- all things else, apply these considerations exclusively to himself. Supposing then a man who had com mitted one mortal sin and had not repented of it were drawn out of tho congregation and placed before us. Look upon him for a moment steadily — thatman'ssoul is dead as dead wood. You have seen tbe dried-up sapless stumps of once living trees in the bush — that man's soul, in the sight of God, the moment he committed that one mortal sin, however green it was before, at once, in the moment, became dead. The in dwelling of the Holy Spirit, His charity, His sanctifying grace, and His seven gifts are the life of the soul, just as the soul is the life of the body and sin has driven out that life ; thus, as a paralytic stroke can strike the body dead, so does one mortal sin strike the soul dead, and that infallibly. Look on that man again. He may be sixty years of age ; he may have been very charitable to the poor, ho may have suffered a martyrdom for the faith, he may have lived a life of great virtue and merit ; he may have passed his years serving God ; his self-denial, his charity may have merited him much ; but this one mortal sin now living in him killed all that merit of a long life ; and were he to die this moment, he would, did he not, repent, bo, without any possibility of doubt, cast into hell for all eternity. David and Solomon, and , Judns and Ananias in thoir sin cancelled the merits of a life. Look on that unhappy man once more : not only is that .nan's soul doad before God, not only is all tho merit of his long lifo of service dead, not only is the past turned into a wilderness, but the future too is lilce the sandy arid desert : his very power of serving God is killed too : all his actions are dead in. God's Eyes: that one mortal sin of his living in his soul, possessing it, mastering it, unrepented of as it ia, renders all his actions, however sublime, of no avail : he may work miracles, he may prophesy, he may give his sub stance to the poor, hia body to the burning, but it avails him not at all : he is Cod' a enemy, his soul is dead in His sight, and therefore all the acts of that soul are also dead — for death can only bring forth death or corruption. And thus his soul itself, being in the possession of one sin, being dead, and powerless to merit the pleasure of the Almighty, becomes an easy prey to other sins, and without much difficulty is dragged deeper clown the incline and further away from a chance of restoration. Alas ! poor man ! to what a miserable state has one single mortal sin reduced thee ! — the merit of a, long lifo gone, thy soul dead, thy future dark indeed : for God will not accept thy offerings and services so long as thou art the thrall of sin. Ah ! miserable man, foolish, more that idiot that thou art ; for dost thou not see what thy end must inevitably be ? Dost thou not know that every sin has its pain ? That the pain of mortal sin, of that one single mortal sin which has now its mastery over thee, is nothing less than everlasting fire ? Who knows that thou wilt not die this very night ? Has tho Judge told thee the hour He will come ? Is not the string of thy life to be cut as by a thief, when thou dost least expect it ? 0 miser able man ! on thy knees before the cross throw thyself this moment ! Faith thou still hast, and thou mayest have hope, though charity is gone. Down then on thy knees before thy Maker ; beat thy breast with thy clenched hand, and beg of Him who will be thy Judge to give thee a power of repentance; for thou. art this moment little different ;rom a damned soul living- in a condemned, bo-ly on the earth. Dost thou not know thnt thousands are novr groaning- in hell for one im- tal sin, one single mortal sin un repented of ? Their lot is fixed ; hope is shut out for them ; the bars of their naming prison-house of fire are eternally closed ; and there is no one to let them out for ever, beat themselves against them an they may. You only differ from theffia in this : that you have time to repent, and they have not. They put off, and off, till it was too late. Learn a lesson from their terrible fate; do not then procrastinate, O man, lest the thief come and catch thee unawares. And can what we say to this ideal man be said of any of you P 'Who here is in mortal sin ? If you are in one, unrepented of, look you to it this very night, lest He pluck up the dead tree and cast it into the burning. Look to your past lives all of you : you know how many sins you have committed ; are they all repented of ? are you satisfied with your sorrow ? has a better life proved to you that you were truly grieved? or have you good reason to fear that a gene ral confession would make your conscience easier ? Look you to it, then, O my friends, this night; trifle not with the majssty of God ; He will not be mocked ; He is a jealous Master, and He will not bear with you beyond a certain point . And now that you have been spoken to in His name ; now He, through His servant, has shouted in your 'ears, harden not your hearts ; meditate steadily on the nature of sin, its rebel-, lion ajainst the Supreme King 5 think of your proneness to evil, and the power of pleasure over you ? then ponder well, above all, the frightful effects upon body and coul here and hereafter of a single mortal sin. O, holy penitents, help us in these our meditations! St. Peter, St. Paul, St. Mary Magdalene, St. Augustine, St. Francis, intercede for us with the Son of God, that medi» tating on the awful character and effects of sin, we may, before it is too late, take ourselves in hand, count our transgressions, and bewail them with much compunction and many tears. St. Mary's Cathedeal — Oa Sunday evening, afa the usual hour, tbe Cathedral collector and aubocribero met; in the Seminary, under the pre cidency of the Rev. P. Mahony.- Mr. E. J. Hollingdale acted an treaonror9 and waa ably supported by Dr. M'Donagh, Mr. Cnrfcic?, Mr. Horcn, and Mr. M 'Sweeney, Several interest ing addresses were delivered, and the amount realised waa very aatinfnotory. Tamwoeth Roman Catholic Ohctrch.— By an advertisement in our apeoial columns ifc will ba saen thot tho foundationiofcone o? n new Oatholio church will be laid at Tomworth, by his Lordship the Bishop of Maitland, od Sun day,, the 11th inDtant. Goulburn Diocese.— Dr. Lanigan, Bishop o2 Goulburn, and Dr. M 'Alroy, who havo beon in Sydney several days3 returned to Goulburn by Tuesday night' a train. Father Laurence Keating from Deuiliqnin also arrived by the came train. Wo learn that the ill-health o'f Dr. Bqi'o mingham at Wogga Wagga orsatoa uneasiness, and Father Thomas Long will remain there for that reason for come timoj lie will however have to be iu Gonlburn aa a witneoa in the Doep» water shooting caao to be tried at nest Circuit; Court aouitnoncing on 9th April. IFathos T. O'Connell, Goulburn, will, we hear, gotoBenili quin in place of Father Keating. The departure of Father 0' Connell from this tov?n will be much ' regretted, ho having during over two years that j he hao anointed on the miosion hero endeared himself to all with whom he became acquainted, | and earnestly proved himnolf a faithful hard working prieat. At Bathurafc on Sunday next, in the Oatholio Oathodral, will take plaoa fcho in» venliture of two gentolmen an Knighto of St. Gregory — one being Mr. Janiea Dalfcon of Oraugo, and tho other Mr. Becker, fcho proprietor of tha Central Australian newspaper, printed at Bouvke. gjf To Our Agents.— As this is noYf the' last month of the pre sent quarter, we would remind our Agents that it is necessary to send their statements at once, so as to allow ns time to make out our quarterly accounts. 