Chimps. . .. Bv A " LITTJLB Binr>." ?> ; Yov needn't grumble at my again clumping; ns I huvn't troubled you for rome tune pust, but bless your little hearts I-have boon about, and perched on tho telegraph post in front of the . Stur' office, htivo watched you wiring in. My word, havn't you beou going in for meetings-ono ovéry week-and waking tho ochoa of the old Court-house, which sonio profano people call Kat's Castle, - ns full of whito nuts, and tho ghosts of do parted spirits, it totters to decay. My word you want a lot of things, arid you may get some of them by sticking to it ; but my ad vice» is,-first catch your Member. In this selfish «ge, in Government, as in other things, the value of a favor or grant is just what it will bring in the voting market,, and you ought to watcli tho Electoral Dill in all its Bingos,-that is, if it passes, which I rather doubt,-as it appears to be tho wish of uomo of tho Parliamentary veterans not to lot the Colony go ahead too fast. Don't you think it wonld be bettor- to agitate for two members ? ais no ono man will bauble to loy boiora tho House the wonts'and wrongs that have .accumulated since this .district was first settled. I'VE made nil snug for th« bad weather, of which we ehull have plenty, shortly, but goodness, gracious, hores all tho fine weather going, and no roads' mended, though you'll have to "pick" your way over thoiu'soon. I suppose it's the old story- of no- money , voted, roads not classed, and all that sort of thing. You ought to bo proud of your paternal Government, which takes every penny out of your district iu the shape % \¿ land rovonuo, dfce., and then amuses itsolf by locking it up in tho Trenaury Chest, and childlike,1 crying .out-f-" Hero we aro on Tom Tiddler's ground, ' picking up. gold and silver." What's the use of having a sur plus of two millions of money unless it is turned to some botter uso than' building cantíos in the air. It's my humble opinion that this surplus will become a tierce bone of contention shortly, and tho sooner some scheine is devised by which each disttjBtS could be allotted and spend its own roveniÜC' by moans of Hoad Boards, tho soonor Jill tho Colony progress, and-tho causo bf mfftiy local heartburnings bo removed. 'Whjat is the use of tho Government-- ' Hiding away, unnsed to fret and wear With friotion of tho hand that rings, But shrinks to spend coins so fine and fair, Till they waste down from grand to common - tilings.' DECIDEDLY one of tho most ngreeablo men belonging to tho present Ministry is the Ministor for "Works, wlio reçoives deputa tions so courteously, und promises them all they ask for. Only n short-time.since a de putation from tho Clarence waited upon that gentleman, , and-ho promisud thom lott» of things, including. a drodge, which they havn't got yet. Only, last- week a deputa tion waited upon him respecting the silting up of the Hawkesbury.. River, upon which there is a largo traffic-about ono vessel or Btoamor a month,-and lie then and there Íiromisod - to "send the first spare dredge on land.: Home poople say that ho was telling . a dredgeful fib, but tho fact is, that all tho rivers are filling up, and there isn't dredges enough to moot tho demand, unless the Qov üíeiit build them by the mile, and cut thom off in ; longtha to suit. Hadn't you better make an application before all the dredges are run out. Betweon ourselves, howover, I would rather deputationine the Honorable John" Robertson, only he has got such a bad habit of 'arguing tho point, wanting to know too much, and snubbing deputations ; and it seems a pity that gentleman is so lost in ad miration of tho groat good done to tho Colony by his Land Bill that he can achieve nothing else. Howover, what he sos he sos, and what ho ses Ito sticks to, but I'm afraid I shall bo knocked off my poroh, and honoßt John, and the rest of yon, things of the past, before anything else is done. So the newly elected leader of the Opposi tion warmed his seat by opening fire upon tho Ministry, the other night ; but as this is almost a moribund Parliament, don't you. think honorable members had better let well alone, and got the Electoral Bill and other important measuros passed, and thereby have justice done. What's the use of play iug tho old game of the ins and outs, while many parts of the Colony are suffering from, the want of representation. It looks omin ous that the Government only had a majority of throe votes ; but I suppose like everything else, its days are numbered, as the public are ever on tho lookout for new idols, especially those who promise a great deal. I'K sorry to soo that-you don't admire your magnificent specimen of marine architecture called a,Punt. You don't mean to say that you-want a new ono, " alroady," irfäwiuo one yon have has only been in u¿e about twenty years, and has beeu undor ^-,at¿v toro or throe times out of that ? -Thew.' »pi^ T» to bo no end to your wants, and^'-j vffivo on-in this -tyl^u'll drive^vL^ ^iSp member mad. . Tftor should knL_ the Departmsnt ha. a " Pental "|^^^?or th« old Punt and boat. Aa thc poet might «We said They lore it, they lot« it, «ad who ahaJl dat« To chide them for demanding thoir legal fare. So long aa the Department hain't got to pay tho piper, what's the odds if & few children are drowned, when crossing on their way to school, or tho bottom of the rotten-old Punt falling out... Can't you catch hold of the rope,'and if that ia rotten, can't you swimj? So you've enlarged your paper, and nov turn out a shoet, which, considering the size of the town, -will bear comparison with the usual ran'oi country newspapers, but I'm sorry to hear that you don't get supported so well as you expected. No doubt money is very scuce on the Richmond just now, as there are rather too many persons in tho timber trade (which, at the best, is only a precarious trade nowadays), but evon should you be obliged to invest in that line, and be reduced to go round selling wax matches a penny a box, never say die. A golden futuro lies before you, if you can only wait long enough.. In my next, .with your kind pot-mission, I will introduce you to my friends, Tom, Dick, and Harry, who will tell you all about "Little Bo Peep," and other mattors. 