, PRESENTATION TO AltCULISIIOP VAUGHAN. j A short time sineo the Roman Catholic- young men of Sydney initiated a movement for the presentation to Dr. Vaughan, Coadjutor-Archbishop, of some testimonial indicativo of the high respect in which ho was hold through- out the archdiocese, and it was accordingly decided to present him with a cro/.ier- that boing tho mode in which it was believed the testimonial would be most acceptable to him. "A committee was accordingly formed, consisting of Mr. P. J. M'C.irthy, M.A.,chairman; Mr. F. B. Freehill, M.A., treasurer; 'Mr. W. Fitzgerald, secretary; and Messrs. C. A. F.-inrt!, LL.B., J. Donohoe, F. B. Kenny, M. Canty, B. M'Brido, T. J. Ryan, John M'Laughliii, A. .1. Briuiy, and M. F. Cullen, and the requisite funds wi-ro speedily obtained. Mr. E. J Hollingdale, of King-street, has selected from among other applicants as the maker of tim crozier, and his design ' foi- and execu- tion ot the work havo been- generally admired. The head ol tho cia/.ier is of gold, and the stall of myall wood, gold mounted-the vnluo being about "200. Lait evening was tixed for tho presentation at St. Mary's pro-Cathedral, which was densely crowded on tho occasion. Amongbt those present-wcro the Very Rov. Dean O'Brien and the Revs. A. Dwyer (Goulburn), Young, Gough, Gillett, P. Carroll, Roche, and Slattery ; Mr- P. A. Jennings, K.S.G., ami several other influential laymen. The church arrangements were managed by Fathers Mahoney and Patre. Mr. Delnny presided at "tho organ, and the altin- was decorated by Mr. Ry.in, the sacristan. Tho usuul c vening pi ayers were said bv Father Mahony and after Benediction, at which the Archbishop assisted, sup- ported by Fatheis Mahony and Fleming, Mr. P. J. M'Carthy, advanced and read tho following address. " To his Grace the Most Itcverentl Roger Bede Vaughan, O.S.B., Archbishop of Xuzianziis, And Coadjutor-Archbishop of the diocese ol Sydney. | " May it pleksc your Grace,-Wc, the Catholic young men of Sj dncy, approach your Ginee with feelings of the inmost respect, and desire to tender yon the most earnest expressions of our filial love and devotodness. When your Grace landed on these shores as Coadjutor to our venerable and beloved Archbishop, we, in common with our fellow-Catholics throughout the colony, hailed your arrival as that of a distinguished champion ot Catholicity, and regarded it ns the beginning ot a glorious epoch in tho history nt the Catholic Church in Australia-and now utter three years ot your Archiepiscopal labours amongst us we find that our brightest hopes have been more than realised. It is needless to enumerate the great and manifold services your Grace has already rendered to Catholicity and Christianity gene- rally, but when we consider your Grace's successful efforts for the advancement of our holy religion-the impetus you haï c given to the moral training and high class education of the youth of this colony, and the timely warning you have held out to those who might be influenced to wander into the sterile regions of free thought and infidelity, we deem it our duty at the close of the third year of your apostolic mission to show you our appreci- ation of your exertions, and to request your acceptance of the accompanying Crozier, a symbol of your high office. May you live long to use It in the solemn sen ices ot our holy Church," anti may ninny years be grantcd you to guide, sustain, und exult the aims and aspirations ol the Catholics of this colony, ns well by the beauty of your maxims, ns by the grandeur ot your eloquence, and splendour of your example. Humbly soliciting your Grace's blessing, we beg to subscribe ourselves your Grace's most dutiful children in Christ." This address was very handsomely embossed, and illumi- nated with a bolder, enclosing the cross, and tho emblems of faith, hope, and charity, and Dr. Vaughan'» initi-ils. The work was executed by Mr. L. Stefl'unoni, of Wynyard square. Whilst the address was being icad, the Crozier was presented to the Archbiallop, by Mr. Freehill. Dr. Vaughan, in reply, spoke as follows :-How can I do otherwiso than thank you with all my heart, you, the Catholic young men of this Archdiocese, for this public, this emphatic testimony which you aro now giving mo of your affection and your trust ? I need not toll you how much I value, and how I shall cherish all my life long, the precious pastoral stuff which you have placed in my hands ; nor how touched 1 am hy the genciosiry of your expressions, as they stand recorded in the short but pregnant address which is its accompaniment and its explanation. Still, I will not conceal from you that when it carno to my oars that such a presentation wa» in contemplation, it was my eai-ndst dosiro, if I could do so without giving pain to any "one, to stop it if I could, for you have so many calls upon you, and you are so generous,'that I could not think ot giving my sanction to anything personal to myself which would seem uko taking advantage of that opaliliandedness which is especial, I think, to our Catholic people. But it was too luto. The thing had gono too far, tho subscriptions having been given in a ver j- short time ; and I felt I could not intert'oie without 8oeining to perform an act of nt least indirect discourtesy. Without lnoio wolds then, I tlinnk you again for this pas- toral stuff mid the accompanying ¡nidi ess. I accept it from your hands ns a token-a token publicly offered by you, the Catholic young men of this iirchdiocp«o, to me, that you not only know what a Catholic archbishop is^ but that you me not ashamed of recognising his authonty and of appre- ciating his mission. You havo placed in my hands the symbol of episcopal dignity and authority, of solicitude and c'oriccition. Christ was the first, "Good Shepherd," and tho Cro/.icr is tho ensign of pastoral authority. Koxmu di Pnpi truces its uso to tho earliest ages. St. Augustine, the great Bishop of Hippo, who was consecrated in 395, was invested with a pastoral staff mudo of solid ebony ; and after his death it was taken together with his remains to Sardinia, and' aftcrwaids to Valentia, wheio, I boliovo, it is exhibited to this day. Then, in the fifth cen- tury, wo find .St. Romigii-i of Rheinis wielding a pastoral staff made up of plates of gold and brilliant with raro goms. Whilst old pictures of St. Gregory the Great represent him continually with a white dove whispering iu his car, and in his right hand a crozier said to have been cut from the cypress tree By the seventh century, "a is evident from the great Spanish Councils, and fi-om the , writings of St. Isidoro, pastond staffs of bone or wood, or precious motal, more or less elaborate and rich, were in the hands of every bishop throughout tho Church. So you see this pastoral fitaft' or crozier is'at least nearly as old as the New Testament, .if npt older, and it typified at tho first that authority and power of which it is the significant emblem to this day'. This authority lind power arc summed up in the fol- lowing' character-tie lino of mediteval Latinity :-" Atti-he per curvum, medio rege, pungo per imum." Draw towards you with tho crook,-support with tho middle, strike with tho point. Evidently these words are meant to express autho- rity and jurisdiction-an authority and jurisdiction exor- cised throughout the Christian world for 1800 .years, and exercised still, ond in theso distant countries, and that over willing hearts, as your presence here this evening is moro than enough to prove. Now, if you will allow me, I will enlargo a little upon the work of Catholic bishops, and touch upon the claims which they mako over those who -como under their jurisdiction and authority. Christ was the first bishopand pastor of men's«ouls. Thou carno the Twelve, tho Apostles, who were emphatically com- manded to preach to tho world, whilst the world ' was us emphatically commanded to liston, to obey, and to believe. And this command was not tyrannical. Thero is no more tyranny in insisting on tho truth than thero is slavery in being torced to admit tho truth-for it is tho truth that sets a man free. The Apostles, who formed the Eeclcsia Docens, or the teaching Church, were divinely protected from error. This fundamental principle onde established, and the Aposto late bemgmUltipUeefthrough the " imposition of hands," the , same authority continued which was from the beginning. The bishops of to-day, who form the Eecktia Docens now, could . no more, in their corporate capacity, teach error than the J_r_rik9fLXnU_.03Ld. a_>or_from J___.jor;.th^prog^4jifc_ God fail, or thnu a new fundamental principio could be in- troduced into the Chinch without man's knowing it. From tho first the main duty of Apostles and Bishops ha« been to " keep the Deposit,*'" mid to preach it in season und out of season ; and with authority to uphold the faith, by con- demning error, proclaiming .truth, nnathanietizing" vice, and fostering virtue. The Pope with his thousand Bishops sitting in council is but the day of Pentecost after the ex- pansion of 1800 years, perpetuated to this hour for the sake of those who desire to possess thal i-ertuiuly and stability of truth, without which religion is little beiter than a bitter, than au empty mockery. " Take heed to yourselves und to the whole Hock," say» St. Paul, " wherein the Holy Ghost has appointed yon bishops tu rule the Church of , God which Ho bath redeemed by His own blood." Again, " Obey your prelates, and bo subject to them ; for they watch as having to give nu account to God for your souls." Here, you may i observe, the samo principle is insisted on, the samo"authority I is upheld, and on the self-samo grounds. Thus, from the first, the Bishops of the Church in every ago havo been preaching, teaching, defending, anti expounding the Deposit of Faith ; and have illustrated and developed it with their intellects, whilst they have boen rejoiced to witness to it with their blood. In various ages of the world they havo been called upon to play a different part; but their ¿min calling and principal duty has novor varied from tho days of the Apostles until now, to keep tho Deposit, to preach the whole Gospel, to protect the Hock against the wolves, to chase away the hireling-those have been tho Occupations of their lives, and the main object, of thoir energies. You may not, perhaps, havo remarked that, the history of tho Christian world is divided by events themselves into periods of four centuries. During tho first four centuries to the time of Constantino, bishops preached with their blood, aud sowed tho seed of truth with their lives. From that blood und that life-spilling sprung up the giants of the Hierarchical Order—I mean such men as St. Athanasius, St. Basil, St. Gregory, St. Ambrose, and many more, who flourished thickly in the fourth century, and whose illumiimted writings have been the guidance and the solace of thousands who ruled after them. From Constantine to Charlemagne we have another 400 years. Bishops now no longer preached with their blood; the world had ceased to crucify and molest them ; they had conquered it by their courage, their truth, and their superior enlightenment. They were held in honour by the civil power ; they became as salt and light in the courts of semi-barbarous or semi-pagan kings, and were looked up to as living principles of liberty, charity, purity, and peace in the midst of much cruelty, tyranny, and licentiousness. From the eighth century to the twelfth their influence and position in the secular order, and in the conduct of civil affairs, steadily increased, and attained its maximum during the following 400 years. Bishops became legislators, councillors of State, civil rulers, feudal lords, thanes of the Sovereign, administrators of the King's Equity, keepers of his conscience, courtly ambassadors, and, at times, even armed warriors. The world recognised their superior skill and culture, their more winning address, and, above all, that illumination which springs from contact with spiritual things, and with tho principles and ruling maxims of Supernatural religion. They were the only exponents of moral power and spiritual influence in a world of violence, rapacity, and lawlessness. They were, as a body, ever on, the side of liberty, and tho natural champions of freedom. They know tho art of withstanding kings and cowing des pots ; they stood between the tyrant and the oppressed, and did not shrink from risking their lives for tho sake of those who were too helpless to defend themselves. Their cathe- drals in the earlier times were the only centres of intellectual light ; and they can claim tho universities and colleges of a later period—of the Middle Age—if not all of them, as be- ing founded by themselves-at least as having acquired much prestige through their enlightened and liberal patronage. Their personal influence in spreading pure religion, and, generally, the tenor of their lives, their power in preaching the gospel truths, and the way they brought tho softening and refining' influences of the heart to bear upon tho fierce barbarians with whom they had to do, cannot be easily exaggerated ; whilst, their solemn Synods and Assemblies, in which they legislated in their collective wisdom, have not only in every age thrown a broad light over the nations of Christian Europe, but can be looked upon as the models on which our deliberative senates are founded, and as the types of order and free discussion ingeniously combined. In the sixteenth century a new and pregnant principle of radical subversion entered into the heart of civil life—a principle which is still working in logical, in relentless progression towards its ultimate analysis. The lay world had learnt to read and ' write. Bishops had gradually to retire out of the civil order and to leave the lay world to do its lay work, till in these our days bishops, it seems to me, stand in somewhat the same relation to civil society, to the great secular world of men, as St. Athanasius, St". Basil, St. Chrysostom, and St. Augustine did to that turbulent generation in which their lot was cast. So much the better for the bishops if not better for the world. These great prelates of the fourth century and the fifth had to deal with an age, if we may believe the satirists and poets, the savants and philosophers of those days, very like our own. They had subtle specu- lation, and refined Paganisms, and pride and impurity and the tyranny of the strong, and the violence of tho lawless to meet as best they could. There were rationalists, indif ferentists, doubters of the supernatural, and blasphemers not a few, then as now. Indeed it is not too bold a thing to say that there is not a heresy or false philosophy of recent date flaunted before tho world in modern draperies which was not pierced to the heart or torn to pieces by one or more of the great Greek or Latin fathers some 1400 years ago. All the great gifts possessed by those mighty men are no less wanted by us now. The theological accuracy of St. Gregory Nazianzen, the intrepidity of St. Basil, the fearless eloquence of- St. Chrysostom, and the dialectical skill and philosophical insight of St. Augustine-these qualities bishops would do well to acquire, or at least to cultivate, to-day, if they would meet with any measure of success whilst confronting that subtlety of thought, that boldness of speculation, and that philosophi cal scepticism which are typical of those minds which give an irreligious tone to society in the modern world. Now, tho Catholic Bishop, at the outstart, possesses an immea- surable advantage over all other leaders of philosophical or religious thought. He is not on exponent of self, or of the crudities of a subjective philosophy. No mere individual, isolated intellect, however gifted, will satisfy his demands on truth. He is not like-so many of our moderns-who seem to have been brought up in a school of self-sufficiency —who believe intensely in their own logic, and in the same proportion disbelieve or doubt, or scorn, everything and everybody else. He feels inclined rather to repress his own personal ingenuity and cleverness, and his own subjective tastes, and does not care for being thought plausible or smart for fear of becoming really shallow. He rather uses his intel- lect as an instrument, not as a centre of self-generating truth. He leaves self that he may study one really master- mind, which has been expanding, maturing, and culti- vating its powers for 1800 years ; and he feels some sort of security if he cau grasp its significance and reproduce its teaching. He knows that the Deposit of Revelation, with all its germinal principles and initial teachings, which were once for all entrusted to the Apostles, has not remained in a sleep of death. Innumerable doctors of the Church, from St. John of Damascus to St. Thomas of Aquin, and a score of General Councils, with Sovereign .Pontufs and theolo gians of the Schools-from the first till now- from the basis of a divine revelation now closed, have gradually been un folding the majestic figure of Truth in all its simplicity and harmony, its depth and symmetry, its force and efficacy, so as to become believed in almost by the simple act of master- ing it. What individual intellect of a solitary short-lived man can cope or compare with the mind of the Catholic Church in theological, nay, even in philosophical science, rich as it is in the experience of ages, umhired by the coun- cils of the wisest of each generation as it has passed away, and possessing a fund of wisdom and of knowledge gathered and carefully stored during the course of 1800 varied years ? Her utterances are not those of one isolated individual, who begins with his tabula rasa, and starts his religion and philosophy from a blank, or at best, from a brutal doubt ; but they are those of thousands of. the best men and the wisest, speaking in concert in every age, piling wisdom upon wisdom, and never out of harmony with each other ; und her dicta are the outcome, the ripe, fruit, of a c1lequered and eventful career of intellectual battle and activity, in'which she has shown herself possessed of all that maturity which is the attribute of age with all that vigour and dash which expresses tho vigour of a joyous youth. It.-is not, his own but her mind that the Bishop would reproduce. He may throw truth, and tries to throw it, into his own form, but tho truth is not his isolated possession, is not new, for all that; it is tho inherit- ance of tho human race, mid he is simply endeavouring to impart, it to them. He deems it, no disgraco, it is his boast, that it, should be said : Miraturque novas frondes sed non sua poma; and when to this is added tho lirai conviction and unshaken belief on the part, of tho Bishop, that so lqng as he is in communion with the Supremo Chair, his teachings on faith and morals are unerring in thoir cha- racter and in harmony with tho mind of Christ himself ; when ho feels assured that ho has been chosen to "keep the Deposit," and to preach and defend it, the», indeed, he can speak to the world with au unfaltering voice, as one possessing power, and as having a message worthy of being delivered ; and ho ean cull on others to listen and to believe, i because he, like those who went before him, has been in- vested with a commission and authority to teach, under the I solemn promise that he should not lead tile world astray. A Bishop of the Catholic Church, then, if ho is anything, if he be not a wretched charlatan, is the mouthpiece and tongue of that Divino intellect which has been placed by God in the midst of men that thoy may not gropo for ever in the mist, or slip down tho incline ; that they may havo somo ground for certainty, some steady light above their heads. He, .in "tho light of tho teach- ing of the one Great Witness, warns thom ' of dangers, condemns and puts his foot down upon error, and | takes little heed of tho clap of many tongues. He has his i work to do, his message to deliver, his truth to shape and to proclaim, and his mind is so much absorbed with this responsibility that he scarcely notices the din of condemna- tion "and the passing cyolone of abuse, which, as its sheidow ever waits on light, proclaims to him the fact, which ho knew before, that ho has not only launched his b1mft, but that the monster bus been pinned in his den by the mes- senger of truth. It is evident that the Bishop must possess I or sti ive after three especial qualities, if ho would hold his own, and leave his mark, especially in these days of intel- lectual pride and refined materialism. He must be learned -that is, possessed of the whole mind of the Church as expressed in the writings of her greatest doctors, and by hei most celebrated bishops, councils, and popes. Then, ho must be u man of sterling virtue, sober, chaste, modest, a spring of perennial charity tempered with loftiest courage, preferring truth anti the clear ring of its golden voice to all tho empty applause of life, and to nil the passing vulgar popularity of the hour. In the third place, he should possess wisdom and counsel-flint is, the fundamental principles of religious anti moral life should bo as it were a portion of the very texture of his mind, whilst he should be able to seo their bearing and know how to apply them to the exigencies of the day, and to the especial wants of the agc in which he lives. And finally, if I may add another quality, which seems to me to cling'round truth with ii spontaneous sympathy, he should have a largo generosity for others, ami never feel the slightest bitterness because others are harsh or unfair in his regard; he should never wound if he can help it; and should endeavour to appreciate in his fellow-mau, whatever his belief or his condition, those noble qualities with which a geuoious Providence has endowed him. In saying all this, gentlemen, I am simply telling you what you knew before. You, laymen, are possessed of a keen and correct instinct, which tells you what a Bishop or a priest should be (but your charity *is as large as your Catholic instinct), and I venture to assert your views on this matter and my own will not be f oimd much out of harmony. How far re- moved I am myself from this ideal, no one can possibly be so conscious as "myself; how anxious Î am to tend towards i it, I think I need hardly tell you. And I look upon your kind, your too nattering, and charitable words, rather as an expression of what I should some day Jike to become, flinn as any kind of picture of what I am at present: And I' cannot finish these remarks without saying how much, how deeply, I appreciate the forbearance Üial has beon shown me by my non-Catholic fellow-countrymen since I have been in this colony. All those who are in the habit of frequenting the civilized walks of society have been much moro patient with me than I bud any right to hope ; whilst the Press, which has of courso little sympathy with prin- ciples which aro dearer to me, 1 hope, than life, has treated, me with fairness always, nnd at times with generosity. The only return I know how to make for all this, is to promise my fellow countrymen, as I now promiso von, that I will strive, whilst preaching with full voice and uncompromising utterance, those truths which I know to be (he medicine of life and immorality for till of ns, to do so with that chai it y and gentleness which will prove to them that I love thom better than I love their flattery, or even their approval-for love'of applause is love of felt" after all, and uuxioty to be approved of looks moro like a subtle lovo of admiration than a genuine satisfaction with tho truth. Catholic! young mon of Sydney, I thank you once «gain for tho valuable memento of "my duty which you havo placed in my hands this oveuing ; and for tho nddross in which you oxplain to mo tho i casons that havo led you to make mo this handsome presentation. I earnestly beg of | God to givo me His graco to pet form that duty so long as my brain retains its elasticity, and my tongue is abie to articulate- to perform that duty, I say, for the greater glory of God, and for the salvation of those souls for which our Master died. The Archbishop then pronounced the episcopal bene- diction; which terminated the ceremony. 