A NE'W CLERICAL "OIDER." An address or pastoral of the new " Order of Corporate Reunion" has been issued in London. It is headed " Pro Deo, pro ecclesid, pro patril," and commences :-" In the sacred name of the Most Holy, Undivided, and Adorable Trinity, Father, Son, and Holy Ghost.--Amen. Thomas, by the Favour of God, Rector of the Order of Corporate Reunion, and Pro- Prrvincial of Canterbury ; Joseph, by the favour of God, Provincial of York, in the Kingdom of England; and Laurence, by the favour of God, Provincial of Caerleon, in the Principality of Wales, with the Provosts and members of the Synod of the Order, to the Faithful in Christ Jesus, whom These Preseents may concern, Health and Benediction in the Lord God Everlasting." After giving a sketch of the history of the Church of England from the time of St. Augustine to the present, in which the submission of the bishops and clergy in 1586 is declared the turning point of their own and their successors' degradation, the address states that, notwithstanding the religious advan tages gained by the Simeonite and Ox ford movements, " every vestige of distinct corporate entity" in the Estab lished Church has now utterly disap peared. The formation of new bishop rics by letters patent alone, the Public Worship Regulation Bill, and other examples of " Royal supremacy" are declared to be the cause of the existing crisis and coming disestablishment. A solemn protest is next made " against all and every intrusion and interference of the civil power in spiritual things," and then follows a condemnation among other things of the abolition of unction for the sick and of the anti-Christian character of Board schools. The authors of the address express their desire to maintain the constitution of Church and State; but while willing to obey constitutional authority in things secular, they refuse to recognize it in things spiritual. As to member ship of the order, no clergyman who has had two wives can be admitted. " We admit," the pastoral says, "to our Order no divorced poerson who shall enter into an adulterous union with a divorced man or woman, nor either of the parties to an incestuous cohabitation with a deceased wife's sister. No person who is a Freemason or a member of any similar secret so ciety can be received into our Order." The document is signed by "Adrian de Helte, Notary Apostolic." 