HONEYWOOD. [By a Correspondent.] Before leaving this place Mr. E. Richall Richard- son had kindly acceded to a request to deliver a popular lecture in aid of the Honeywood Public School. The night appointed, however, proved altogether too inclement, and Mr. Richardson hav- ing to start next day en route for Port Esperance, the lecture was unavoidably postponed. On his return, however, from Southport the other day, he called at Honeywood and delivered his promised lecture on Tuesday evening. Mr. Osborne Geeves occupied the chair, and in few complimentary remarks introduced the lecturer. The title of the lecture had been announced as "Scholastic Institutions"—a subject which the lecturer handled very ably, but also in a popular and interesting manner. After a few words of introduction, Mr. Richardson proceeded briefly to trace the history of education in England, from the time when learning was chiefly confined to the clergy, and the only schools were the monasteries. From this he went on to speak of the universities, and then referred to the establishment of blue-coat schools, the first of which was founded by Edward VI., at Bury St. Edmunds. Grammar schools having been treated of, the lecturer came to the subject of education for the people. Fifty years ago, he said, the only instruction obtainable by the poorer classes in England was that of the "dame schools," and of the kind of instruction afforded by these, the lec- turer gave a very amusing account. He then spoke of the great movement during the past half century to secure popular education by means of State schools. This concluded the first part of the lecture. In the next division of his sub- ject Mr. Richardson endeavoured to illustrate the advantages of education. He showed that brain power was the great lever of human progress, and that physical force had always been most advantageously employed when con- trolled and assisted by disciplined intelligence. He also dwelt at length upon the fact that education had exploded a multitude of superstitions, which in times of general ignorance had exercised a power- ful influence over the popular mind. In illustration of this he referred to the once common belief in ghosts, fairies, haunted houses, palmistry, phantom ships, yahoos, etc., and in the course of his remarks he told a number of good stories, which kept the audience in continual roars of laughter. The con- cluding part of the lecture was occupied with some personal reminiscences, in which the lecturer dis- played his usual powers of humourous delineation. The lecture, which lasted an hour and a half, seemed to be thoroughly enjoyed by the audience, who frequently testified their appreciation by hearty applause, and at the close unanimously accorded a vote of thanks to Mr. Richardson for his entertain- ing lecture. The compliment was suitably acknow- ledged, and the meeting then broke up. I may be allowed to add that tho local school authorities feel greatly obliged to Mr. Richardson for so readily giving his services in aid of the school funds. 31st August, 1877. ^ESTON'B WIZARD OIL.-Have you inflammatory . ., >t( stiff joints, or lameness from any cause tjrhltevek' T Havo you Rhqtimatic or/other paiiih in any psrt:of the bodyV "If «o', IIKC Winton'» IVírnrd Oil MteYnally and externally. Many persona áulfef willi »lok'headache, and nervous headache', usually induced by Oostivenew, indigestion, etc. WESTONS MAGIC PILL« act specifically ou tho BLOOD, LIVER and KlDNIVS, ana produce a regularity of the Bowels no .Manual to health and ooiufort. 4.8.78. OoBKTKUrEtTS ABROAD.- Tuero are counterfoil» und Imitations «broad whioh are intouded to trick tim com- munity out of iU mouey at the expenso of Australia'» toort popular hoalth beverage, UDOLVHO WOLVE'S SoanwAM AROMATIC SCUNAITH. No article, Imported or otherwise, which ii alleged to posten similar ingra dieati to it ii aught elie than a pernicious huinbup. Tu« rabilo «dil be guided occordiugly, and »bun tho *»*,. 