CHAPTER XXV. OH, WHAT A FALLING OFF WAS THESE.—ONB OF MY OBEAT CABDS TCRN8 UP FOB THB SECOKD _ HHB.—HE HAKES A OIAKT. J. was once more up in town and busily en* gaged attending to my usual Christmas and New Year's parties. One day, passing along the New Road Xwas attracted by a well-known voice, and, on looking up beheld a man stand* ing, as it were, on a small raised platfonn out aide a kind of shop or warehouse. A canvass picture was suspended from the first floor win dow, and on examination proved to be the por trait of a very tall and corpulent dressed in Chinese costume, and with an enormous cocked hat on his bead. Nearing the platform^ I heard the aforesaid .voice say: " Boy, get thee to Yaughan, and fetch me a stoup of liquor." ^ The hoy, a little urchin dressed in faded Highland costume, and suspiciously like a spotted boy I had seen elsewhere, took the coin held out to him, and disappeared into a neighbouring public-house. Need I say the great Happyman was once more before me in the flesh. Bat, oh! what a falling off was there! Hardly anyone could have recognised, in the shabby-rutming-to- seed Hud of appearance the individual before me presented, our old friend the gay and spruce Professor. "Where were the patent-leather hoots that were wont to Bhine so gloriously ? Their ghosts were surely there, so were the ghosts of a once resplendent coat and elegant pantaloons, and so was tho ghost of a once glossy and rakiah-loolring hat. But, such shabby, delapidated ghosts as seldom show anywhere in broad daylight, and generally pre* fer the judicious and friendly shades of night for their ghostly wanderings. The eye-glass was thrro, hut the very ribbon that held it Beemed to hide itself in the folds of a Yery doubtful-looking, rusty-brown dicky, as if ashamed of its former smartness. Everything about the man was changed. His very whiskers looked as if they had been bought second hand at some fourth rate theatrical wardrobe shop, so rusty and straggling did they look on that once handsome face. Indeed, the whole man gave one the appearance as if Some of nature's journeymen bad made men, and not made them well. He imitated his former self SO abominably.—Slightly after Shakespeare. Even his old swagger was changed, and had more of the mdo-dramatic villain—at a shilling a night, and find your own tights—about it than when I saw him on a former occasion. Beckoning me inside, he said: " Yes, it is I, at least all that is left of me* I have fallen into the sear and yellow lea!" This quotation I thought exceedingly spropol, especially so far as his apology for a shirt was concerned. " My friend, I am no longer the man I was, and prosperity has done it all." " You are not the first man whose head has been turned by prosperity, my friend," replied I, l;but where is your giant ? Let me see him and you can go on with your story .after* wards." He contracted his right eye, and there was an expansion of his right check, which very much resembled the general facial expression of the clown in the pantomime, when the policeman askes him "who stole the sausages.'1 "Homo manufacture, dear boy. , The genuine article; but no go. Haven't taken enough to pay for the giant's raw meat sance wo opened this morning." " llaw meat," said I, "come that will do." " Fact," said he bringing his forefinger in contact with his somewhat rosy- hned nasal organ. " Raw meat! eats it at every perfor mance, that is when jwq get enough people to warrant us in showing. Mum's the word* I'll show you; come this way," and he led ma into an inner room. "Now then, up goes tho donkey," and drawing aside an old chints curtain, wo stood in the presence of a man who, on rising, seemed to me to bo about eight feet high, and broad in proportion* That is to say every part of him not exposed to public view seemed to be of those huge pro* portions, but neither bis head nor what I oould see of his hands (he wore very long sleeves to conceal them) gave one tho idea of belonging to any but on average-sized man. And now to dissect our giant, and to see him in his true state, before putting him together again. First take off his loose robe—a very sad, dingy, and melancholy-looking, cotton affair—and we come to the skin, or padding as it is called. This is also a long affair in the shape of a robe, but is simj ly lined with wadding, several inches in thickness. And now, as he stands before us, our giant seems to have gone into a rapid waste, his broad and manly chest, and fine equaro shoul ders, are lying all of a heap at our feet, and his somewhat crooked and almost Bkeleton-liko legs and arms form a sad contrast to his tower* ing height. But we have not done with him yet. Ho wears hugo Jaok boots', the outox soles at least three inches thick, and. the fceols about the same number of inches from the ground; bet this passes master ■with the public, "who are always prepared to see a giant in thick boots,' a pardon able deception, -which after nil could only add about three or four inches to his natural height. But we are going through a little private per formance, and the profane eyes of the public must not look on. Keep the doors well guarded, and stand before the curtain while I politely remove the giant's boots: and loI behold, my giant stands erect before tie, and. after all, is not Terr much taller than one of those martial heroes in' leather boots and shining cuirass, planted outside the Horse Guards, for no other purpose that I can think of than to guaid the great clock from striking thirteen, and to be the admiration'- of the nursemaids residing 4a the neighbourhood. I peep into the -boots, and" at last thrust my hand down one -of them, when, heigh, presto! the secret is out. There is an inner boot for the foot to ft in, and at least another six inches : thick! • • : ' -- "And now Til show yon the giants table,; which is more in your line," said the unabashed; showman, and suiting the action to the word, he; produced an. ordinary deal kitchen- table.; -At least the public, judging from its appear ance, would take, it for one. -But there was _ what is professionally known as a "trap" or •«!sloai*" in its-centre, aid on this the giant 1would manipulate the immense pieces of raw -meat which the gaping and great "unwashed"; believed him to swallow. The pieces of meat, . as a matter of fact, disappearing into a drawer f fixed in the table. •. I T turned frozn this original sight "a sadder .and a wiser man,-and, slipping some loose ; silver into the giant's willing hands, I begged ; >nr fz% «*a nn etr»ir "htf nrnmisi^ ; my Mend to go on with the story he promised " to relate to me touching his almost w ALiltonian ' downfall?' i; Yes,";said the ex-Dundreary, "Prosperity ! and a cheque-book did it alL "When I married, ;.my wife, on our returning from church, brought v a large cash-box into, the room, and giving me :• the.- key, said, (all .this is yours now; you -will find seventy pounds in cash, and a bank book showing a deposit of three thousand more, \ raome mortgages-and other, property, all-of ! which my late husband left me at hisMeath. .Take.care of them,-it'is your duty as.,my 'husband.' "VTdl;. what.could I do? The i novelty of the thing was so overpowering that *. on- looking at. the cheque-book and-thinking i \- that .by. a mere scratch of the pen I could i .convert: one of these little bits of brown paper : -.into;:bright . gold, and cry 'open « sesameto the Tery doors of the bank itself ^Ineariy fainted, at all events I felt almost rick; v strange as such a filing must appear in your •' eyes.- And so I drew a cheque, and in the act as if I had already'committed forgery! 1 \- could not believe in the reality of the thing, I, ;:who seldom had-a shilling to my name, and \- would, have -been bold enough to enquire the :' price of B uckin gham Palace itself, if by any lucky * turn of the wheel-of fortune I had ever found n myself the happy possessor of a hundred-pound note. But the. bank having been duly informed T -of «tbe legality .of my . proceedings, only asked :_me to favour them vnth my rig-nature to keep -.in a private book, and, comparing it with the cheque instantly, paid. the amount. Besides, .-. the manager had seen me in company with ^ my-newly - affianced scone time' previously. This drawing of cheques was so delightful an ^-occupation that I took every opportunity of ^ buying something—things for which I had not * the slightest use'—so as to have the pleasure ♦-of saying, * Oh FH give you a cheque for the" amount.'" • My heart hied for the man Mid his poor wife "when, he finished his narrative.'' In less, than \- two years after his marriage he had squandered all his wife's fortune, and she, poor soul, having a loving and truly affectionate disposition :' -(alas! she had proved it by the injudicious surrender of her fortune) clang to bim in all } his misery and degradation. ■ : • \- - XOSAL. [; 1 have often thought that the life of such a man is very much to he compared to a child's ...toyhalL- At first, when the ball is still new and 'J. gorgeously covered with a pretty silken net, it is .1 * tenderly and lovingly handled- - The owner is ' . almost afraid to play with it, for fear of spoil >■ ing its pretty.brightness. By-and-bye, by an , ^accident,;' the ball rolls in the gutter; it is ;~instantly.rescued, and tenderly wiped. Still it II is,' though: nearly as good as new, a little soiled, and the marks of the gutter are upon" it. For some time it remains so. Presently the child receives some other present, which, ;/ being new and of a novel nature, usurps the place/.of the other toy, which now lies some *1 what.'neglected in a comer. .In due course ^ of- time- the ball is once more the *. favourite plaything, till by turn it is , , either in the gutter or out of. it. As. time t" stffl progresses, perhaps it changes hands, per ' haps, too, its new possessor or possesors, as tbe "". case may be, not caring much for it, and find '**_ ing it some day hopelessly immersed in a pool of 7 dirt, leave it there, and there it lies, neglected " and forgotten bv all the world. But a stray ; wanderer coming that way picks it out of the ^gutter, kindly cleanses it, and leaves it in the ' sun to dry. There it lies, basking in the ' glorious sunshine, and with the light of day ; once more upon itl But, alas! such happiness is but transitory at the best. See! a' storm comes on, and the little ball is once more drip ping wet, and the wind catting right through I. nearly to its sawdust lined ribs. And so on, f' and so on—in the sunshine and out of it, some '' times ."dry and sometimes wet, till, at last, ' leather and sawdust can hold together no . . longer, they part company, become dust! Bust . •' to dust! and each minute particle goes to form ;; some other element in the grand, economy of r-.afnro fliAV tell TJB ?S Ifket." nature for they tell us " Nothing is lost." . Asl never met my manufacturer of natural curiosities-after this day, lean only speak of him from hearsay. The last time I heard of him he was doorman at a waxwork exhibition, 'and his wife employed as needlewoman in the same place. I, ho-yever, heard many an anec dote of him, and amcpgst others, how one sight he sold & whole company of the most expert conjurors in London. His audacity and native -wit helped him through on the occasion. I will relate the anecdote as it was told to me hv the eminent H. "W. {To be continued.) 