POCKETS. The present is a pocket age ; the idea of the pocket has entered into almost every phase of life ; and we can hardly dive very deep into our pockets without causing our souls to wince! We are moved by a twofold impulse—to discover pocket analogies in Nature and the world, and to reduce Nature and the world to pocket compass. In obedience to the former, we talk of nights dark as a pocket, of pocketing affronts, of a pocket conscience, a pocket sheriff, a pocket hero; call Monaco a pocket kingdom, and in short ring a thousand changes on the theme, such as will recall themselves to any one. In the other direction, besides bur old familiar pocket Bibles, pocket pistols, pocket dressing eases, and pocket overcoats, we are getting pocket batb-tubs, pocket easels, pocket bedsteads, pocket canoes, and pocket shelter-tents. At this stage we need no prophet to herald the man who shall live in a well- furnished pocket-mansion, drive out in a pocket steam-carriage, profess a pocket religion, yield up a pocket ghost, and be interred in a pocket coffin. A formidable monster, truly, is this pocket—a sort of Frankenstein, which we have set a-going, but cannot control. In order to realise the fact that our pockets are, in reality, bur other selves (and not secondary selves, either), we have only to imagine the reception which an individual destitute of pockets, and of what goes into them, would meet with in a civi lized community. He would be lost, shunned, a pariah, an-outcast, unsuccoured and unbelieved in. Men -are suspicious of the most engaging stranger until they have, at least figuratively picked his pockets; and w.ould look askance at their best friend were he to turn up some morning pocketless. More surely than the apparel the pocket now proclaims the man. We know one another through our pockets; we love, and marry, and are divorced through our pockets; we .fight, or abstain from fighting at the instance of our pockets ; in deference to our pockets we murder, steal, and lie. When a dead body is found, we look, to identify it, first in its poekets, and only afterwards in its face; and that suicide must in deed despise life who will empty his pockets before committing the rash act. A prisoner's pockets are searched, as a sign that ho is heucs forth deposed from his position as a responsible human being. The test of our power over a man is our hold upon his pocket; and there are pro bably few slaves so abject as not to possess at least one small fob unrifled. It is a remarkable anomaly in our code of justice that pocket-pick ing is not made the capital offence, since it is the pickpocket who injures us in our most vital part. He is the baue of our generation, he commits the unpardonable sin, his hand is against every man, and every man's hand is against him. His most appropriate and most terrible punishment would be to be cast adrift upon the world, for ever disqualified from wearing a pocket; but such a sentence the sternest of judges would shudder to infiict, and the wretched criminal would plead for mercy and a halter. As might be expected from what has been already advanced, pockets are in many ways a subtle and trustworthy index of character; in fact pochiastry—to coin a word—is quite as well worth studying as either phrenology, palmistry, or grammatomancy. Whether we consult the fashion of our fellows' pockets, their contents, or the peculiar ways iu~which they are manipulated, we shall find them rich iu suggestions. A curious observer might profitably spend a good part of his time in a fashionable tailor's shop—in the os tensible capacity of deputy assistant measurer, perhaps—but really with an eye to divining the souIb of the various customers from their several tastes iu pockets. He would note, in the first place, that in the matter of pockets, and in that alone, does the fashionable tailor aforesaid permit his votaries any freedom of choice. He knows, being wise in his generation, that discretion is the better part of despotism ; and that a man will sooner sub mit to wearing a fashionable strait jacket than to being overruled—even in a fashionable direction —in his pockets. Accordingly this young jswell of the haw-haw type order his trouser pockets to be cut vertically down the seam; while that other, who belongs rather to the horsey order, and wears heavy rings, broad sleeve-buttons, fancy scarf-pin, and glittering watch-chain, must have his open horizontally in front of the hip. Mark, again, the gulf that divides the gentleman whose handkerchief peeps from an outside breast pocket from him who wears it mysteriously within ; how different are both from the respect able personage who produces his bandanna from the skirts of his black-frock; and how superior are all three to the wretch who smuggles his " wipe" into the pocket of his trousers! Here is a school-boy; he cares little for the appearance of his pockets, so that they are deep and stout, as his nature i& ardent and insatiable. Yonder comes a yellow-clawed stockbroker who will have buttons put to his pockets! and after him a com mercial traveller, whose pockets are a speciality. Next—but space fails us, and we must cut this procession short. When we see an unkempt, anxious individual, who refers on all occasions to a sequestered inne breast-pocket, as though he owned nothing that was not invaluable, we know him for an injured bankrupt or a deserving refugee. A timid, re tiring nature is prejudiced in favour of waistcoat pockets, because he can get in and out of them readily and inconspicuously. Large, pompous men, on the contrary, love to fetch things from their tail-pockets, with a grand sweep and a flourish. The bald-headed, complacent philan thropist rejoices in wide, baggy pockets, to hold the overflowings of his heart; foot-pads and sus picious characters like baggy pockets too, generally in their overcoats. A rich country squire, with cheery voice and broad shoulders, prefers doing business with the side-pockets of his knickerbocker sackcoat, which are accessible off-hand, and with out bothering. And as there are pockets proper to different types of men, so also are there pockets peculiar to all the seven ages, from the child with his single trouser pocket, to the lean and slippered pantaloon who feels for his tremu lous snuff-box and gold-bowed spectacles. To that branch of our subject which deals with the manipulation of pockets we have scarcely left ourselves room to allude, though it involves much that is curious and interesting Pockets are a great assistance in striking attitudes, aud a man's attitudes betray him. Insolent wealth thrusts its hands into itS trousers pockets, rattles its money at you, aud measures you from your head to your boats. There is a species of jaunty exqui site who poises his white forefinger and thumb in the pocket of his waistcoat. There is a bluff, stern- browed man, who shoves his fists defiantly into the side pockets of his roundabout jacket; there is the elderly, old-fashioued gentleman,. who gets his slender hands into the pockets of his broadcloth skirt-coat, and turns his back upon the fire. But all these are not a tithe of the dis coveries which reward the student who looks at life through a pockets lens. On the whole, it appears that the smaller a man's nature, the more self-conscious and fussy, the greater his dependence on pockets. But the man who ignores pockets proves the wealth of his internal resources. Heroes make little account or them —put their hands iu them only for the purpose of taking something out to do good with. The hands of simple, great, preoccupied men, haug by their sides, awkwardly perhaps, but respect ably. Pockets are anti-Christian—at least the apostles had none—and we shall look for them iu vain in the New Jerusalem. The ideal is pocket less. ■Examiner. 