THE ELECTIONS. THE HON. J. SERVICE AT MALDON. (BY OUR OWN REPORTER.) MALDON, Monday. The Hon James Service addressed the electors of Maldon at the local Marine hall this evening. The chair was occupied by Mr John iloiuBby, president of the shire. About 400 persons were present. Mr fa"iries, who was well received and heartily cheered, said -In addressing you tonight I proposed that, to very shortly give an account of my own personal conduct as your representative, second, to review generally some of the principal events of the last Parliament, and third, to indicate my views with regard to the future When I sought your suffrages three years ago I declared myself in favour of constitutional reform, free trade, mining on private property, the Education Act, as grated immigration, and a property tax and opposed to an income tax, payment of members, and free trade in liquor. I also promised that local matters and interests would not suffer because I was not a local man On all these points, except that of assisted immigration, which was not dealt with, I claim to have carried out my promises The first question submitted to the new Parliament was constitutional reform as embodied in the Norwegian scheme, and I voted with the Government in all stages of the bill I also submitted an amendment which I had indicated to you beforehand, to the effect that the constituencies should be consulted before any matter should become law on which the two Houses differed. You will remember the whole scheme came to one, and then followed the illness and retirement. of Mr Francis The Kerferd Government was subsequently formed, and I became Treasurer in that Administration Your approval of this step was shown by returning me unopposed. I now had the opportunity, as Treasurer of trying to do something to lessen the burdens on trade and commerce, but owing to the peculiar circumstances under which I took office my first Budget speech was necessarily made in Parliament in less than four weeks from my accession, and it was impossible in so short a time to submit anything like a well matured scheme, or to propose very extensive changes. I, however, auc ceeded in doing away with Customs duties on half a million's worth of imports, and in transferring another half million from ad valorem to fixed duties Those proposals, I am sorry to say met with little support from freetraders as such. Those of them who sat in opposition denounced them in unqualified terms and denounced myself as a renegade from my free trade principles and your own Tarranjoucr omen -then under different management-illas trated me as a weathercock for many weeks together Indeed, it was only with the assistance of moderate and reasonable protectionists that I was enabled to carry through that modicum of relief to trade, and so to commit Parliament to the principle involved, viz, that duties which trammelled without protecting should be swept away The following session I brought in a comprehensive scheme of remissions proposing a relief from Customs duties to the extent of nearly quarter of a million, but this proposal was lost by the treachery of a few professed freetrader At this juncture the Government could have carried its budget, and saved its existence, if it had consented to place new protective duties on three articles only Whether, in the immediate interests of trade it would not have been better to accept a compromise by which an addition of three articles to the protective tariff would have secured a relief on 300 is a question which may fairly be argued, but the Government rightly or wrongly, wisely or otherwise, declined to recognise the protective principle, and deliberately sacrificed their existence to their free trade views On this question, therefore, of free trade I claim to have fulfilled my promises, and to deserve your favourable verdict With respect to mining on private property I have invariably supported the measure which has be frequently passed the Assembly, and been rejected by the Council As a member of the Kerferd Government I concurred in its introduction to the House and as a private member of Parliament I invariably voted for st I may also mention under this head that, as Treasurer I placed on the Estimates and succeeded in passing a sum of £10 000 to encourage prospecting for new goldfields The education question was frequently under discuss Sion in the late Parliament-not in its main features but in respect to important details, and on all occasions I have supported every proposal to render the law more effective in regard to a property tax you will remember this formed one of the principal features in my second budget proposals whilst I strongly opposed, and helped to defeat Sir James M'Culloch a subsequent proposals for the introduction of an income tax. With respect to the liquor trade I warmly supported the bill introduced by the Government last session by which it was provided that no new licences should issue forth toe years, and that thereafter the ratepayers in the various districts should by poll determine whether for the future any increase should be allowed in regard to local matters I think I may safely leave the shire councillors and reBidontain all parts of the district to decide, I am not conscious of having neglected any one matter, or any one person, when appealed to in respect of any description of public Business Having thus reviewed I trust to your satisfaction, the various promises I made, let me now direct, your attention to matters which possess a general rather than a personal interest The late Parliament commenced its career during the Government of Mr J Francis and closed it during that of Sir James M'Culloch there having been in the interim two other Ministries-that of Mr Kerferd and that of Mr Berry The mere statement of the fact that there were four Administrations during the short period of three years sufficiently accounts for the almost total barrenness of the late Parliament in the work of least tion The whole three sessions were devoted to getting the ins put out and the oats put in and although the ins were always willing to go on with, work, the outs never would let them. So far, therefore as the work of the country u concerned, the members of the late Parliament can give but a beggarly account of their stewardship Now the unsatisfactory feature in this strife was that it was not a war of principles it was not even a war of parties it was a simple striving for personal aggrandisement dhu first session passed almost fruitlessly, because it was deliberately arranged that it should be fruitless, and some of the gentlemen now at the head of affairs, and some of the gentlemen who used to sit behind them, deliberately and intentionally banded themselves together to prevent, by every atiatagem- chiefly by bogus motions and extemporised discussions-the Ministry of the day from getting on with the public business. "Nagging' was the name then given to the process of impeding the work of Parliament. At a later period the process was known as "stonewalling," but the two processes were identical. "Keep nagging was the password of the canny gentleman who directed the attack, and keep nagging his faithful lieutenants did, and so the sea mon was nagged to a close at Christmas lb/4 with hardly anything to show for seven months'' work but he estimates and the Local Government BAIL The session of 1875 opened under conditions of unusual interest The incidence of taxa- tion, a revision of the tariff, an amendment of the Land Act, and other subjects of a leading character were expected to be dealt with, and the gentlemen of the Opposition were in high spirits, believing that either the Ministry would fail to take a " bold and comprehensive course in dealing with so many important subjects, in which case they would succumb through incapacity, or else i I would e0T6 to grief through one or other of the numerous accidents inseparable from a long and arduous campaign In either case the great object of parliamentary existence would be fully secured, viz. w .reD!£piBh¡ng of a vacant Treasury bench The Budget of 1875 was at length The "? and was the disappointment of the gentlemen on the other side, seemed to give general satisfaction throughout country I am not going to weary you with a detailed ="Jr»u 19 of the Proceedings Suffice it to say that the Government had to sustain the attack of two separate and distinct parties }F°on8l the old flag of protection and the other by reL James M'Culloch, whose banner bore no Sr Alpass? a,' Bay Horse. Bit simply flaunted toe death's head and cross bowe. For Mr ther?'., however small and strongly I have 55 'from his methods of conducting family WM's. I have always enter says,? "We Poet due to one who sugars under his own distinguishing pen we' find,? defeat ram him. after a fair XI; eacVde 'or its own flag, and all ?w.ir.^DoliBed-would have been accepted by the Government and the country, with no Yoy dishonourable either to the war or the vanquished But Sir James was a mere pirate He was a rover on his r»Lperaonai account. He fought for no fnrLr"0 PrinolP'es but purely and solely in turn "Bwandisement, He succeeded in Ho up at the Kerferd Government W.m??' 'A6 ,BBr,y Government, and a? "»"«OBtb. obtained the object of his pX!0"' he was willing to cry quits with down estimate the country, and to settle down quietly and lamentably to enjoy his ill gotten raine. He had no particular view of his own on the Subjects willah demanded the attention of Parliament, and so, as he could not form an Administration without the assistance of those whom he had ejected from office, and as he could not get their assistance without carrying out the policy which they had advocated, and he had opposed-why, it was all right, he would carry out that policy. That policy as enunciated by Mr-, Service was enough to Biak any Government, but it was all right when announced by Sir James M'Culloch, The Government of Mr. Kerferd deserved to die, became it had not retrenched the expendi- ture the Government of Sir James M'Cul- loch was entitled to live, although it increased the expenditure by £90,000 Gentlemen, hitherto in political warfare some veil, however flimsy, has been thrown over the personal motives which too frequently influence public men, but in this instance there was none. It was plain, un- disguised self-seeking. And what was the consequence? The consequence was the utter demoralisation of Parliament. To Sir James M'Culloch conduct on this occasion may be traced a great part of the evils that followed. Successful intrigue seated on the Treasury be nebea was not a eight calculated to teach self-denial, moderation, or political honesty to either young or old members of the House. If men who were leaders of the House could successfully conspire to seize on office, and could find respectable members of the House, and of the community out of doors, assisted by a respectable portion of the press, to condone the offence and to back up the offenders, why should we be surprised if their example was followed ': Why should we be surprised if men who had a dog to fight for decided on adopting the tactics which had been be successful with those who had none I am not going to justify the stonewalling do not think it can be justified but as I have shown already, Mr. Berry was not the originator of the process of stonewalling. It was Sir James M'Culloch. Stonewalling was "nagging" revived. The object in both cases was the same, viz., to prevent a majority from carrying on the business of the country. Stonewalling, no doubt, was vulgar, nagging was genteel ; stonewalling presented a horny hand, "nagging" wore kid gloves "Stonewalling" dropped its leg, "nagging" could boast a University degree, and so on. But Sir James had now become thoroughly alive to the wickedness of the procees. As against Mr. Kerferd it was all right, but as against Sir James it was unconstitutional, it was intolerable, it was outrageous-it should net, could not, and would not be endured. Then in natural sequence followed the " gagging," with all its scenes of violence, of confusion, and of shame. I have seen it asserted that the gagging rule did not prevent discussion, but those who say so have a short memory. On several occasions it was used for that express purpose. I was myself the victim on one rather important occasion. It was on the vote for the breakwater at Warrnambool. I asked for information on the subject matter affecting directly £10,000, and indirectly probably over £100,000. I quoted from various reports of Government officers, engineers, are., to show that the work had been disapproved of by every authority. No satisfactory reply was vouchsafed, and simply to get out of an unpleasant predicament Mr. Jones, Commissioner of Railways, at the end of a few evasive remarks, moved that the question be now put, which was of course carried. Many members on the Government side of the House expressed themselves afterwards as ashamed of the proceeding, but there was no remedy. A good deal has been said about the desirability of making this "gagging" rule a permanent standing order, and one honour- able member, in addressing a constituency some weeks ago, declared himself thoroughly in favour of this course, although that honourable gentleman, if he had happened to be on the other side of the House, would have been the first to denounce the gag in his own unmeasured language. I am not going at present to argue the question, but I would simply say that I will be no party to the introduction of such a rule in the new Parliament and I believe the circumstances under which it was introduced into the House have rendered it impossible to reintroduce it for many years to come, except as an instrument of revenge or tyranny. A rule, to bind all, should be assented to by both sides, and the very fact that this regulation bears the brand of party triumph and party defeat will suffice to prevent its adop- tion, even if it were considered otherwise desirable. Time would fail me if I were to attempt to sketch even the principal proceedings in Parliament, but the most note worthy was the defeat of the M'Culloch Government in two succeeding sessions, on their principal measures-a circumstance which, constitutionally, should have involved their retirement from office. They, however, clung to office tenaciously, under the plea that they had the support of a majority of the House, Now, I do not think that our form of government can be carried on advantageously if a majority banda itself together to keep a certain set of men in office, whether they succeed in their governmental functions or not. If men are to be considered everything, and measures nothing, then we have no longer constitutional practice according to either British or Victorian precedent The effect of this departure from regular URge is necessarily to paralyse Parliamentary action, as was the case during the last session, for what object is there in discussing any question if it be known beforehand that members, though approving, dare not vote for it lest they should defeat the Government. The Kerferd Government resigned when they had a majority because they saw it was impossible to carry their proposals. The M'Culloch Government ought to have resigned when they could not carry theirs. I know the excuse was that it would never do to let the Berry "mob" that was the word back to office. But is the division of the House into superior and inferior per- sons justifiable under our form of government '; Do the members not all, in their representative capacity, meet on an absolute equality 1 Of course, intellectual capacity will always tell in a deliberative assembly, but what right has the representative of Warrnambool to Bay to the representative of Geelong that the canons of Parliamentary government must be suspended in order to prevent him from getting into office? What right has Ararat to say to Ballarat "Yon are not fit to be the head of the Mining department, and therefore I Bli all stick to it ?'' All such attempts to prevent the free working of our constitutional principles must end in mischief. The defrauded members will resent the arrogance-the insulted constituencies will denounce the wrong. If there be a superior party in the House let it manifest its superiority by its works, by its straightforward dealing by its adherence to principles, and so give a tone to Parliamentary feeling which would render impossible a renewal of the scenes of the past two sessions. Superiority is not to be obtained by a mere respectability of position and courtesy of manner, it these are used only as a cover for sinister designs, and persons who openly arrogate to themselves a superiority over their neighbours should take care to show that their actions spring from better motives, and not merely from motives better concealed. I will now turn to the topics which are of more immediate interest those questions which are not behind, but before us. I take first the question of taxa- tion. My views as to the necessities, the nature, and the extent of new taxation were pretty fully embodied in my budget speech of Juiy,187S,and I have seen no reason to vary the opinions I then expressed. What we want at the present time is to shift some of the burden from the classes who have not acquired property to those who have. We want to adjust the payment of the taxes somewhat more fairly, according to the means of the taxpayers. I proposed to do this by a tax on land and houses, by a stamp tax, by a tax on bank notes and some other minor things, and by at the same time remitting Customs duties to the extent of £230,000. I think these proposals would have fairly met the case for a time, at least, and I do not know anything fairer that can yet be proposed. I think, in transferring a larger share of the burden of taxation to the shoulders of the wealthy, every endeavour should be made to give effect to the principle that all classes of the wealthy shall contribute. I know it is not possible to do this with even an approach to come. EletenesB, but the aim to do so should e clearly shown and unmistakably declared. If you attack one class, only, the sense of injustice is immediately and properly aroused -not only amongst that class itself, but among all right-thinking people who believe that to " do justly" is one of the first of duties. Of course circumstances might arise in which it might be necessary to concentrate the whole power of Parliament on a particular tax in order to make it lawful, for example, the owners of land steadily set their faces against being taxed at all. But there is no ground whatever to believe anything of the sort. My land tax Mr. Berry's land tax Sir James M'Culloch land tax, were all rejected by the representatives of universal suffrage. I am distinctly in favour of a land tax as contradistinguished from a property-tax, and herein lies the difference between the former proposals of Sir James M'Culloch on the one hand, and those of Mr. Berry and myself on the other. But I shall be no party to a' penal tax on owners of land. How any man with a clear head and an honest mind can advocate each a thing is beyond my comprehension. so vast acts IfiWB are tabooed by every civilised! nation and the maintenance of good faith is a first duty of every man and of every state with respect to any contracts they may have entered into What right has the State to the unearned increment of land which was sold without reserving the right The man who bought did not understand that this right was reserved by the state the state which Bold had not the remotest idea that they were so reserving it and yet there are grown men in this community who declare that one party to a bargain may alter in his own favour conditions which both parties had agreed on years before But this absurd notion is based on a still more absurd theory viz?, that the owners of land now greatly increased in value are the identical person who originally bought those lands at the low prices, whereas we know that in hundreds of instances such is not the case The original buyers of large quantities of land have sold the land, and pocketed this unearned increment, and gone away, many of them to other countries. Is the state to follow them or is it to levy on the unfortunate present holders ' That the state has a perfect right to deal with even the alienated lands of the colony as the necessities of the commonwealth demand can admit of no difference of opinion I do not know any individual or any class which disputes it for a moment. Lands are taken away every day for railway and other necessary pur Closes. The state may appropriate the broad lands of Sir Samuel Wilson or Mr W. J Clarke and parcel them out amongst a thousand selectors, but if the state do so it must grant full compensation. What is for the benefit of all must not be for the ruin of one. Thus, whilst the state possesses and must always retain the power to resume land when State policy demands, this power constitutes no basis whatever for the levying of taxation of any kind. Whilst, however I will be no party to a penal or bursting up tax on land, I believe that land ought to be taxed, and taxed more heavily than other description of property as I stated in my budget proposals of 1875 not because the state has one particle of more right to your land than it has to my ship but because the nature of property in land is different from that of other kinds of property With respect to the accumulation of large estates I confess I have viewed it with much misgiving, especially on seeing extensive tracts of country formerly occupied by agricultural settlers now devoted anew to grazing, and I think the new Parliament if it can spare any time from personal quarrels, would do well to consider how this evil can in future be prevented Our territory is not a large one, and our object should be to have it thickly peopled by a comfortable proprietary, rather than have it turned into a congeries of grazing estates, or the abode of of a mere tenantry of farmers As respects the future, therefore this question demands serious consideration, so that the evil we complain of may not con Urine and increase But the question as regards the existing large estates is not an urgent one There are even some crumbs of comfort to be extracted from these past accumulations - the benefits have not been all to the large landowners Who can say that the past buying out of small farmers by large proprietors has been wholly and solely evil' If there had been no buying there could have been no Betting end what would have been the present condition and future prospects of hundreds of small farmers it they could not have sold their meagre allotments ' Do they not now enjoy in their own persons and families the immense advantages arising from increased acreage ' Have they not greatly improved their position ? And is this not the identical class for whose advantage we have been specially legislating for many years past ' But if we burst up the present large estates by penal taxation, who will benefit by it' Will any of our would be settlers become purchasers of these lands at high prices with prompt payment to make in cash, or interest on deferred payments to accumulate, when they have millions of Crown lands to select from at a pound an acre payable over a period of 10 years The thing is absurd Let us go on settling the lands which yet belong to the Crown, and let us put a fair and equitable tax on existing landowners, and when the time does come that the Crown lands are all selected, and population begins to press on the means of subsistence the evil which we now deplore will either have found a natural solution or it can be dealt with by the Parliament of the day in the way in which only it can conduce to the interests of the country, viz in a spirit of equity and honest statesmanship And whilst I am speaking about the Crown lands, I may say, as regards settlement that I think the question now is not so much how to give easy access to the land as it is how to prevent easy egress from it We want our people to settle down permanently and not to be moving from place to place. I consider the residence of clause the back bone of settlement and I would extend the term of probation so that dummy arrangements would be less easily effected, and so that improvements would accumulate before the time came for issuing the lease to an amount that it would not he profitable for the squatter to pay. The free trade and protection question is one that I am heartily sick of chiefly owing to the intemperate manner in which it is discussed. I have in no way changed my own opinions on the subject and, as I showed at the outset, whom had to choose between resigning office and actively promoting protection views, I cheerfully accepted the former alternative But I have have not a particle of sympathy with those ostentatious freetraders who make broad their phylacteries and thank God that they are not as other men are especially those protectionists. Neither have I any sympathy with those who exalt free trade into a political deity, in which we must live, move, and have our being. I do not even believe that to be a freetrader first is the necessary duty of a free trade politician I do not believe that it is inconsistent in any respect whatever in a freetrader to administer a protectionist tariff, and I think I may say this without creating any suspicion that I do so from personal motives I have been surprised to see one learned candidate declaring that' there should be no coalition governments as between freetraders and protectionists, and that such action as a freetrader administering a protective tariff had a tendency to lower public men What does such teaching amount to Either that free trade is something more sacred than other political principles which I deny, or it amounts to the annihilation altogether of our form of government. Take the question of education, for example, which place in a higher category than free trade, but for argument's sake let us regard them as equal Suppose a protectionist Government in office and suppose it is ousted in process of time by the free trade party, led on, say, by the learned professor himself. A new Government would have to be formed, but by whom ! The learned gentleman himself could take no part in the new free-trade Government, because if he took office he would have to administer an Education Act in which he does not believe, and so would lower himself as a public man And if all the freetraders held the same opinion on education as he does a free trade Government, and a system of free, secular, and compulsory education could never exist together in this colony The some argument applies to immigration, mining on private property, and a dozen other questions more or less important. No Ministry of nine, nor of two could ever be formed according to this theory of the learned professor, the logical outcome of which is a sample dictatorship, with power to each new dictator, as soon as he takes office, to repeal every existing law which does not accord with his personal views. It is such extreme notions would have called them absurd notions, but I don't like to use the term in reference to Professor Hearn, the gentleman I allude to, one whom I would be glad to welcome to the House as the able representative of an important party- it is such extreme views, such an exalting of free trade above all that is called politics, making it the Alpha and the Omega, the first and the last, the begin bier and the ending of the political creed, that drives away moderate and practical men, and which has created such utter disorganisation in the free trade ranks. The practical questions between freetraders and protectionists now are-first, the further extension of protection, and, second, the perpetuation of the system. The first is not a very important point inasmuch as there is very little room for extension The tangled mass of fiscal abominations which constitutes our present tariff covers almost every article of import except those that have been purposely exempted by protectionists themselves. The second question is the all important ones protection to he a temporary expedient, or a perpetual policy I can conceive and respect, without concurring in, certain arguments in behalf of a temporary protection, so as to afford a helping hand to industries a colt matisable in this country But I feel it difficult to understand on what grounds certain classes of the community, who live by their daily round of toil can be expected to submit to be treated as perpetual bondsmen by certain other classes of their fellow workmen, and be doomed for all time to come to a weekly contribution through the Customs, from their own earnings, in order to add to the earnings of others I know it is argued that when protection has established an industry competition will step in and cheapen the product, and so the protective duty will cease to operate, and the consumers cease to be hurt Now if the protective duty ceases to operate there is no longer any reason for its existence, and its repeal is the only possible method we can take to assure ourselves that consumers are not being hurt Thus there ought to be a limit in time to the existence of protective duties. Competition under such duties does not always result in cheapening prices We have a notable illustration of this at present in the article of candles Candle maker in Victoria are now protected by a duty of 2d per lb , or over 25 percent They have now established their industry, and are competing with English makers in the other colonies But to do so they have to charge lil') less to persons in Sydney, or Adelaide, or Albury than to persons in Melbourne, or Maldon or Echuca so that a merchant in Melbourne can buy from the candle makers there at 811 all if he gives an undertaking to send the candles to New South Wales or New Zealand, but he must pay 10d. per lb for them if he wants to send them to Castlemaine for Maldon That is a curious sort of protection to you but it is illustrative of the whole subject That kind of protection protects the candle makers in Melbourne, but It does not protect the candle consumers in Maldon, and every householder and every miner amongst you may have the intense satisfaction of knowing that for every pound of candles he burns he pays 5d more than the people in the adjoining colonies in order to increase the wages or the profits of some brother man in Melbourne Now, this is loving one's neighbour better than one's self for which there is no law or commandment what ever This is only a sample case What is happening with candles is happening with other articles and the range is continually widening I am not in the least degree finding fault with the candle makers There has been sunk, I suppose not less than £100 OdO of private capital in endeavouring to establish this industry in the colony, and the enterprising adventurers naturally desire to get some of it back. What I want you to understand is the extent to which you are contributing to the maintenance of this and other industries But if you make protection a permanent policy you cannot holpyoareelvea We are therefore forced to the conclusion that protection can be, and ought to be at most only a temporary expedient If this were fully recognised and acknowledged by protectionist leaders there might easily be arrived at some amicable arrangement by which the ghosts of free trade and protection might be finally laid. But if it is determined that protection is to be a permanent policy then the battle must go on, in the present unsatisfactory fashion protection and free trade being both placed at a miserable dread tage. The question of education is one that ought not to be passed over in silence on the ground that it is settled. A very strong effort, although, I believe, a futile one, will be made by our Catholic friends or, at all events, by the clerical portion of them-to secure a separate grant for their own schools, and it was rather neatly put the other day by a distinguished politician, that when the heat and excitement of the controversy wore off, the majority might generously concede to the minority this separate grant. Now I cannot be a consenting party to that. The proposal of our Catholic friends is entirely unreasonable both from their own standpoint and from ours. Why is it unreasonable from their own standpoint? Because they ask from Protestants what they have at all times and in all countries refused to grant to Protestants. There is no country in the world subject to the unrestricted authority of the Catholic clergy in which freedom to teach the Protestant faith in schools, or to exercise it In churches, in permitted. Whilst the Pope ruled in Rome, not a Protestant church or school was allowed within the walls, and only the other day his Holiness formally protested from his palace of the Vatican against a very mild clause in the new Spanish constitution, which granted a certain limited permission to Protestants to worship after their own fashion. Here, as in all parts of the British dominions the Catholic clergy possess the liberty to do what they like in their churches and schools-a liberty which we Protestants would be ashamed to deny them, but not contented with being full sharers in a liberty which Protestants have created, they want us to contribute a special endowment to their separate schools conducted under the sanction and directions of their clergy, and surrounded with all the emblems of their faith. If we refuse, they plead conscience-they, who never in any age or country regarded such a plea from those who differed from their creed But a violation of conscience cannot be fairly pleaded, because we neither compel them to do that which they believe to be wrong, nor do we prevent them from doing that which they believe to be right, and no conscience can be violated except in one or other of those two ways. In our educational system we simply say to them, " Come and share the advantages of our national schools if you don't care to do so, take your own course ' And now why is the proposal unreasonable from our standpoint ' Because it is at variance with a fundamental principle in our constitutional system, viz, that the majority shall rule The majority has decided on having one grand national System of secular education. If, however we concede a separate grant to the Catholics how could we refuse it to the Jews or to other sects, who doubtless would claim the same concession The result would be that the national and secular system which the people of this country have called into existence would fall to pieces, and so the policy of the country on this all important question would be dictated by, and be in accord with, the opinions of the minority, and not of the majority, of the people I am glad to know that our Catholic mends in large numbers are availing themselves of the great advantages of our state schools and I trust that? wm 80on all discover that there is nothing immoral or irreligious in allowing their children and our' to learn the ABC together I have always been opposed to payment of members and am more so now than ever I think it has deteriorated the class of members and can didates placed them in an altogether false position with the constituencies, reduced the value of the Parliamentary debates and led to a dreary waste of time in the House Who cares now to read through a volume of Then said The debates take them as a whole, are not worth reading They are an interesting in almost every sense of the word, and the time wasted in repetitions by one member after another of the same bald arguments again and again, because all must express their views, is altogether appalling to those in the House, and can hardly be imagined by those out of it, I am not in the least afraid that democracy will suffer if payment of members should cease. So long as the people have votes, so long will they be able to secure trusty representatives, and these would consist of a more educated and leisurely class, who would elevate the tone of democratic feeling, and command respect for democratic principles At present democracy is handicapped almost out of the running by the ignorance, the feebleness, and the occurrence of some of its apostles. I trust that next session will see the end of this experiment in regard to assisted immigration, I have not changed the views I expressed to you at considerable length three years ago. I have never been a very warm advocate of state assisted immigration, but my feelings have been quickened somewhat by witnessing the strides of the other colonies in respect to population, Victoria has enjoyed many advantages over the other colonies because she exceeded them in numbers, and I think it would be a disadvantage to all classes if we found ourselves deprived of that element of superiority. I would therefore, as I told you before, support a judicious scheme of assisted immigration by which we might secure an inflow of suitable persons to aid us in the work of building up our nation. The reform of the Legislative Council, about which so much has been said, is still a thing of the future The Council has been considerably improved of late years by the introduc- tion of gentlemen belonging to a newer and and more advanced school of thought and action, but the tenure of office, the size of the provinces, and the final power of veto place it too far apart from the sympathise of the masses. The course adopted by the Council also with respect to the Mining on Private Property Bill, which has been so often passed by the Assembly and always rejected by the Council, leads me to fear that a more radical reform is necessary-one which would render it impossible for 16 gentlemen to control the destinies of the colony I have not yet been able to discover any better solution of the problem than that contained in the amendment I proposed to the Norwegian Bill, There is one question amongst those that are deemed of minor importance which I would probably not have at present referred to, only that it is one on which my views have been somewhat modified since I addressed you three years ago, t c on Sunday trading. I formerly advocated a partial opening of the public houses on Sunday, say for an hour at midday and an hour in the evening, so that the working man could get his dinner and supper beer. During the par Being of the new act through Parliament, however, I discovered that the advocates of Sunday trading would not be content with one or two hours for the purpose I have mentioned, but really wanted the whole day minus the hours of public worship for the ordinary traffic To this I would not and will not consent. It was made clear to me that this Sunday trading was not for the benefit of the public, but for the benefit of the publicans, and indeed only for a portion of them, as many of the beat" conducted houses are held by men who object to work on Sundays, as you and I object And my suspicions on this point were confirmed by the very action the publicans took to disgust the community with the new law They thought by strictly obeying the law and refusing to supply on Sunday, they would create such an agitation as would bring about a repeal of the law itself But no one danced when they piped, and the only result of the Sunday closing was a clean shoot in our police courts on Monday morning I thn k a result of this sort worth securing and I in tend in future to vote against the Sunday traffic altogether. I shall now call your attention for a few minutes to the speech of Sir James M'Culloch at Wiuxnam tool When I read it it reminded me of the old Scotch proverb-' Could kill her again line we have a revision of the tariff, a land tax, reform of the Council railway extension mining on private property, amendment of the I and Laws, civil service reform these are the chief ingredients in the dainty dish which Sir James sets before the people But I think we have heard of these But Leda before I think every one of them is to be found in the Governor 's speech at the opening of the session of 1873 to two years ago Why are they not disposed of Are these subjects veritable stones of Siey t hog-to be perpetually rolled up the hill just to fall back again' Or the waters of Tantalus to always recede as the lips approach them ! Why have they not been dealt with long ago, and left room for others of equal importance Ask Sir James M'Culloch But for him we should have had a land tax two years ago, and would already have pocketed £300 000 from that source But for him the tariff would have been revised two years ago-trade would have been relieved, and the country would have paid through the Ca" ces i'lCU 000 less than they have done But for him we should have had in operation for the past two years the identical amendment he now proposes in the Land Act to extend the term of probation to ten years. But for him railway extension would have been two years further advanced I Law it is. But for him the Civil Service reform he now talks about would have been ere this an accomplished fact Gentlemen, I merely state that which you all do know, and that which happily all the colony knows The very measures Sir James now places before the country are the identical measures which he and his friends " nagged to death in 1875 Sir James M'Culloch has not contributed one solitary idea towards our legislation since his accession to office All the foregoing proposals were actually in print before the Kerferd Government resigned is not one of them is there a change of any in porlavce-mdeeu, I know of no change at all except in the mode of levying his land tax which he does well to make the most of. He who has atom and again permitted the House to turn his measures inside out-ho w o hcB meekly swallowed an entire budget without making even a wry face And yet this is the gentleman who can go to Warrnambool and utter those words in reference to [mother politician - " I think there should be some consistency in public men ' Gentlemen, I have no intention to follow Sir James through his so called policy I note that he still clings to his paltry Hawkesdale railway, and does not say a single word on the all important topic of extending our railways to the South Australian border, or to the confluence of the Murray with the Darling, in order to save to Victoria an immense and rapidly growing and profitable trade, which our South Australian neighbours are striving might and main to secure. But I have no interest in his programme whatever I care nothing about the utterance of a man unless I know he means it, and we know that Sir James never means it What he does mean is to study the passing phase of the politics of the day, and shape his course accordingly The programme he has submitted to the country with so much unction may all be withdrawn if the new Parliament does not on rove of it. But catch the Government withdrawing ' Imagine Sir James M'Culloch dying for a policy ' When the new Parliament meets I hope it will have something more important to consider than this very new and quite original programme The country has yet to express an opinion on certain episodes which occurred in the late Parliament, and I shall be greatly disappointed if it utters an uncertain stand. Whatever variety of opinion may exist among the various sections in the community I trust to see unanimity on this one point, that men who unblushingly advocate to day the identical principles which it: ey denounced yesterday will not be permitted to have anything to do with the government of the country. Mr Service sat down amid loud cheers. An elector asked whether he would support the abolition of oaths in courts of law, or amend the law in such a way as to give the same rights and privileges to freethinkers deists, or spiritualists (who did not believe in in ore punishment) as were enjoyed by Jews Quakers and Chinamen Mr Service said he looked upon the present system of administering oaths in courts of justice as a great evil A simple ailments tion wsB all that we required Indeed, a witness who without any affirmation at all told an uni truth should be punished as a perjurer In reply to other questions he said he was in favour of running trains on Sundays on the Sandhurst line If a motion of want of confidence in the Government was submitted at the opening of Parlia- went he should in all probability find himself compelled to support it. It might be such possibly, however, as to prevent him from voting for it If there was a fair chance of the Queen's Government being carried on without Sir James M'Culloch he would be very much more pleased to see him out than in If the Government was vic tonoushe would never be a party to prevent that Government from going on with the business of the country, and he should never vote against his own naples in order to embarrass the Government. He should not support Sir James M'Culloch as a Minister The very fact that he sat in opposition showed that he had no confidence in the Government. It was the duty of the Opposition, if they were strong enough, to turn out the Government They had no "confidence in the Government that if the Opposition was not strong enough it was the duty of every member to assist them in carrying on the business of the country. He had no personal feeling against Sir James M'Culloch They had been personally acquainted for 23 years, and their business relations had been amicable from first to last On personal grounds there was no more he would be more happy to favour than Sir James M'Culloch but he distrusted Sir James utterly as a public man, because he did not think he had a set of principles to adhere to the whole political life had been self- seeking The accumulation of land in large estates might be prevented by means of the junction of a tax upon tho value of the land-a revenue tax L, with a tax upon the acreage. This was a tax which could be placed on estates to be here after acquired. The difficulty might be solved in that way, but he had not fully thought the question out, and did not wish to commit himself to it on the present occasion. A vote of confidence in Mr. Service was carried unanimously Three groans were given for Sir James M'Culloch. THE MINISTER OF RAILWAYS AND MR BAYLES AT PENSHURST. [BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH.] (FROM OUR. OWN CORRESPONDENT ) HAMILTON, Monday. The Minister of Railways and Mr Bayles addressed the electors of Penshurst on Saturday evening. Mr Ritchie, president of the Mount Rouse Shire, was in the chair. There were from 150 to 200 persons present The proceedings were very orderly, and the can aides were well received. Mr, Bayles who was the first speaker gave a brief account of his stewardship At a landed proprietor he was willing that land should be taxed, but not land alone At kinds of property should be taxed, as the owners received all the protection the state could i fiord Therefore he would accord Sir James M'Culloch a general scheme of taxation in his cordial support Mr Jones dwelt chiefly on the necessity for a revision of the tariff. If during his time he could see duties removed that now pressed so heavily on the working classes, and transferred to the shoulders of those better able to hear taxation, he would be satisfied. This was a principle he had advocated when nine tenths of the people of the colony, led away by jugglery, were opposed to it, and if it were adopted he felt sure it would materially increase our national prosperity. Protection meant the Government putting its lands into the pockets of the people of the colony, and he for one had not found the money in his pocket increased by that process Taxation could not possibly increase the wealth of any country, yet this was what the protectionists sought to make people believe They must-, however raise revenue by taxation This being so he believed in it being equally and fairly distributed. It was only honesty and downright hard work that would increase our prosperity and this was not only true for the individual but also for the nation He was glad to see many protectionists inclined to modify their views. They had found that too much taxation was not the absolutely good thing they once it ought; it to be so noticed that the Opposition had been forming leagues all over the country, with the avowed object of politically educating popular opinion from their standpoint, but Lo ridiculed their pretensions although he did not deprecate the value of such organisations, if properly conducted These reform leagues however, insisted upon public business being obstructed unless carried out according to their own particular views They were always striving to see who should be masters amongst them selves, who should rule at their head quarters Some of them wanted to get more than others and all wanted to go into Parliament Mr Berry was at present the head centre. The position occupied by that gentle- man reminded him of a story told about a certain species of monkeys found high up in the Andes, where it was sometimes very cold When the cold was severe three monkeys fought for the central position I'nis of course, was obtained by thostron^estmonkey and then the others all crowded round him to keep him warm. Mr Berry now occupied with respect to the Reform League, the I position of the central monkey. The Opposi- tion advocated the strangest policy he ever heard tell of Never before had he heard of a body of men binding together declaring as their policy the obstruction of the business of the country They complained of being gagged, although they were allowed to talk 70 or to hours without anybody saying a word to them. They were the gangers Their conduct reminded him of the Yankee and Frenchman who were once shut up in a room to talk over a question When the door was opened the Frenchman was lying dead on the floor, and the Yankee whispering in his ear. This was what stone wallorshad tried They tried to talk Parliament stone dead They were the gagged, not the Ministerialists Mr Berry should, when the majority declared no confidence in him, have gracefully bowed to that decision He urged the electors not to be misled by the red herring which, in the shape of a land tax, the Opposition was drawing across the scent lie real and most important issue was revision of the tariff, the removal of burdensome duties As for Mr. Berry's tax bursting up large estates it might perhaps hasten subdivision by a few days or a few weeks, or a few years but they would be subdivided by a natural process During the past two years 30 or £10 large estates had been subdivided into halves and quarters some into eishthB or tenths, by the proprietors dying off, according to the number of their heirs In whatever way estates might be subdivided his hearers might rest assured that none of the pieces would come to them or him. He noticed that the stonewallers had got a very distinguished man, Professor Pearson, advocating their bursting up policy He had a great respect for the professor, but ridiculed his idea of comparing Great Britain with this colony, where we had no laws of entail or primogeniture, and would like to ask Professor Pearson how he accounted for Pennsylvania, once owned by one man, William Penn, being broken up and furnishing happy homes for 210,000 families and how he accounted for a similar change in the state of New York The fact was that, there being no laws of entail of primogeniture there, the estates were being burst up by the natural process of men dying off and their properties being subdivided amongst their heirs The same natural process would take effect in this colony. We need not, therefore, bother our heads about the large estates at present held, but profiting by experience, make such laws as would prevent their aggregation in future Referring to the revision of the tariff, he said that the Government intended to reduce some of the duties, and remit altogether about 20 Was there anything they could think of that they used, ate, or wore, upon which the tax gatherer did not place his hand. The system reminded him of the frogs in Egypt, which penetrated everywhere, and so it was here There was no escape from the tax gatherer, and he thoroughly believed it was only because they were in a state of Egyptian darkness that made them bear with it. Owing to a system of jugglery they did not see how they were being imposed upon, but would soon resist if directly asked for half the amount of taxation they were now indirectly called upon to pay The Government would put their hands upon the fifth of the taxes at any rate, and remit them altogether, these duties to be removed from articles in general consumption Heavy as the duties were, they were rendered still heavier by merchants being made unpaid tax gatherers by the Government, with the power to repay themselves as much as they liked, and they might rely upon it that they would take good care to make a profit out of the tax, as also would the storekeeper He believed that owing to this system, instead of £1,600 000 people paid £2 400 000 in duties. He alluded to the progress being made by New South Wales under a system of free trade whilst Victoria with all her natural advantages, was standing still He deprecated the stonewall preventing railway extension, and expressed his determination to carry out the Warrnambool and Hawkes sale line An almost unanimous vote of confidence was carried in favour of both candidates three hands only being held up against the motion. SIR JAMES MCCULLOCH AT WOODFORD [BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH] (FROM our OWN COMlESrOleDENT ) WARRNAMBOOL, Monday. Sir James M'Culloch addressed the electors at Woodford this evening and was well received, an expression of confidence being without dissent His speech was in great part similar to that delivered by him in Warrnambool on Wednesday last Sir James M'Culloch in the course of his remarks, said he would not have objected to the remission of the duties proposed by Mr Service, but he objected to the increased duties on brandy and tobacco, which would have led to smuggling, and he was also opposed to Mr. Service a land tax, which would have been a great hardship to those holding lands of poor quality He also stated that Mr Berry, after being entrusted with the formation of a Government had asked him to co-operate He declined to do so for various reasons, but told him that if he could get Mr Macpherson to undertake the task he would aid him, without taking part in the Government That afternoon, after the House adjourned, in consequence of a note from Mr they, he saw him in the Opposition room Mr G P Smith being present Mr Berry then pressed him very hard to take part in forming a Government. Mr Smith's statement on the subject was quite correct. Mr Berry expressed himself as quite content to take an inferior post if admitted into the Government, Mr Berry had denied this, but (Sir JamesM'CulIoob) asserted that such was the case. Mr Berry had also asked Mr Smith, Mr Macpherson, and he believed Mr Purves, to act with him. If they had consented, what would have become of the gentlemen lines associated with him They would have been left out in the cold. Mr Berry Lad since abused him as being opposed to the interests of the people, but yet was at that time willing to act in subordination to him in a Government, if he (Sir James M'Culloch had only taken Mr. Berry in. The leading points of the ministerial policy were well received by the meeting MR. COPPIN AT EAST MELBOURNE! Mr George Coppin addressed a meeting of the electors, of East Melbourne at the Princess' Theatre, Spring street, last evening. Mr. Gillies occupied the chair, and there was a very large attendance, the theatre being crowded. Mr Coffin, who was received with cheers, said thiS reception was very gratifying to him, because it led him to the belief that the trust with which they had honoured him three years ago had been discharged by him to their satisfaction. Many members of the late Parliament like himself had been censured by the Press, because they had not thought proper to address a public meeting until after the Government propositions had been published, and they had been most unjustly accused of waiting until they could see in what way the public would receive those proposals so that tbeymigbtshopo their opinions accordingly. The opinions, however, he was about to express were not manufactured specially for this occasion, but were identical with those be had uttered three years ago on that stage and were nearly in accordance with his political views 18 years ago, when he was returned as a member of the Legislative Council (Cheers ) He had never advocated any extreme measures, but had always been and would continue to be a supporter of moderation (Applause ) He thought it would be acknowledged that he had not been an idle member of Parliament during the time he had been in Parliament When in the Council he had introduced Torrens Act for the transfer of real property, and the simplification of titles, and also the Post Office Savings Banks Act-two measures which he thought would be acknowledged to have proved a very great benefit to the community (Applause ) Referring to his political action during the last three years in the Assembly, he pointed out his efforts to obtain a reduction in the Yan Yean water rates and the postage rates, the result of the latter being the introduction of postal cards of which he had found by a return he had obtained in the Assembly, 848 She had been issued during the first 12 months of the system, while there had at the same time been iiOietluction in the number of letters, He had also attempted to obtain the introduction of military drill in schools, although his idea had not been carried out properly by the day partment What he had intended was that drill masters should be appointed to instruct the teachers in drill (upon whom it should be compulsory to learn the system so that the latter should instruct the scholars, and in order to encourage the system he would give prizes to the most efficient teachers, and the best dulled corps of scholars after a review He felt that this nye to in would be very beneficial in teaching our youth a more becoming carriage in walking, while the boys would become citizen soldiers, that in the event of invasion they might be able to defend their country, for which he was sure they had pluck enough (Cheers.) He had also attempted the amalgamation of the two branches of the legal profession but the opposition of the lawyers in Parliament although his bill was carried by a substantial majority in the Lower House had been able to defeat his object Another little benefit he had been able to gain the community was the reduction of the fees on private bills by one Hill, and in the case of those relating to be cut societies and charitable institutions by three fourths He thought that for these individual efforts he was entitled to a little credit (Applause ) Proceeding to more general matters he had consistently supported the ranges Government in accordance with his promise and later the Kerferd Government until unfortunately Mr. Service introduced his budget That budget was carried in a hurried manner in one night, so that dissatisfaction was caused to a considerable number of members. The Government therefore agreed to take the first item on the programme as a second test division, and this item unfortunately was the proposal to increase the duty on spirits by 2s per gallon, a subject upon which there was a great difference of opinion He himself entertained very strong views on this point-not because he objected to see a higher duty upon spirits but because the proposal interfered with the uniformity of the tariffs between this colony and the neighbouring colonies In every political step he had taken he had always had one goal in view, viz , a union of the Australian colonies and towards arriving at this goal one of the necessary steps was the assimilation of the tariff or intercolonial freetrade (Applause.) Mr. Service's proposal interfered with this great principle, and therefore he had been compelled to vote against that Government. Mr Berry took office with a minority at his back, and although he (Mr Coppin) did not approve of the manner in which Mr Berry went into office, yet, when Sir James M'Culloch proposed his motion to turn him out, he had voted against that motion and supported Mr. Berry (Cheers ) Since the M'Culloch Government had been in office he had taken his seat in the Opposition corner, but he thought that Government would say he had given them a very consistent support in carrying out the principles upon which he had been returned. He would now take a short review of the Premier s propositions, and be might say at the outset that he was very sorry indeed to see that Sir James M'Culloch had put the cart before the horse (Laughter ) He had commenced with the wrong subject, as in his (Mr. Coppin s) opinion what was the main subject was placed far behind others of less importance Three years ago the main subject placed before the country was the question of constitutional reform and he (Mr. Coppin) maintained that that should be the principal subject now, because without constitutional reform it would be impossible to carry other reforms (Applause) The Upper House must be reformed before there could be introduced with any certainty of carrying measures in which members of the Upper House were directly interested. (Applause). The reduction of the franchise and members' qualification for the Upper House, although desirable, would not, he thought, carry out the object which the Premier had in view, viz, to bring the two houses into more harmonious working with each other. In fact the reverse, in his opinion would be the result, because the more the Upper House was strengthened in a conservative direction the greater difficulty there would be in bringing the two houses together in case of dispute. (Applause ) What the Premier ought to have proposed and he (Mr Coppin) did not believe that any comprehensive scheme should be put to the country without such a proposition was a positive and definite way to prevent deadlocks A proposal he (Mr Coppin) had made was that a representative committee of both Houses should be constituted a sort of court of appeal in cases of dispute and at all events the proposition had the merit of being simple. Any arrangements of this kind, however, were after all (imply patch work, for be believed the only permanent national and progressive step of constitutional reform was a confederation of the Australian colonies (Cheers J He pointed out that in 1857 parliament-., and. mittees in Victoria, New South Wales, and South Australia, had reported strongly in favour of federation, expressing the opinion that the time had come for such a step And that was 20 years ago (Ap planEt? ) Those opinions had been greatly strengthened during the last six or seven months by the opinions of no less than five Australian Governors who had expressed their strong support of a federal union of the colonies, and they must be considered as perfectly disinterested on this particular question as if a federal union took place, he presumed the Imperial Government would appoint one Governor General, and the different colonies would appoint their own Governor Consequently, federation would mean the wiping out of four or five Australian Governors, so far as appointments from home were concerned The question of the revision of the tariff was a very important one and he must say that upon a particular phase of the question the Premier was not at all satisfactory in his statements. Both free traders and protectionists agreed that there were a great number of items in the tariff which should be struck out altogether, more particularly those items which had to pay 20 per cent duty, and which were used in local manufactures The Premier proposed to reduced the 20 per cent duty in such a manner as not to injure anyone , but the great omission was that he did not say how he was going to do this He considered that the question of free trade and protection should be regarded from the view of enabling this colony to find a market for our local manufactures. The protectionists themselves, he was glad to see, were seeing the advantage of making concessions, so that the moderate was on both sides were coming very close together. Those persons entertaining extreme views either on the side of free trade or protection would, he was sure, not have a majority in the next Assembly. It was well known that he was a thorough free- trader by principle, but that was no reason why he should commit an injustice on any one Manufacturers had been offered a premium of 20 per cent protection, and on the faith of that offer had invested large sums of money Unfortunately, no limit was fixed as to the time that protection should lost and this was the cause of the trouble. It was for this reason that he had always been in favour of bonuses, the amount and limit of which could be defined But when manufactures were encouraged through the Custom house, the difficulty was to say when that encouragement should terminate-at what point the Government or Parliament could say we have had enough of this. Although a freetrader, and objecting to protection upon principle, because he believed it taxed a very large majority of the community for the advantage of a very small number of those who speculated under it although he thought it was absolutely essential that we should keep pace with our neighbours by means of free trade still he said distinctly he would never give his voice to injure those who had been induced to invest their money under protection, unless they were given a just, equitable, and liberal compensation for any loss they might sustain. The manufacturers, however, themselves were now looking out for a market for their goods outside the colony, and hence the growing demand for intercolonial free trade, which he thought could be much more easily brought about than most persons imagined, for the tariffs of the other colonies were far from being really free trade. Of course, it was understood that if relief were afforded by a revision of the tariff, income must be provided from some other source, and three years ago he had advocated a progressive land tax, an income tax, for the special benefit of absentees, and had stated that he would not object to a property tax or stamp duty In the discussion on the house and properly tax he had been convinced that a tax upon household property would fall on the tenant, and had therefore opposed it, but he was as strong a supporter as ever of an income tax on in- comes above £300 a year. With regard to a land tax he would be inclined to go 2½ percent, beyond the purpose! of the Government in regard to estates above a certain area not however, with any idea of bursting up estates, as he believed that proceeding would be unjust to one class of the community. A moderate land tax, however, would have the effect of utilising the land, and that was really all that was wanted They did not object so much to persons holding large extents of land if they put it to a proper ubs, but that was not done at present, and he believed a moderate tax would have the desired effect of making them do so (Applause ) He was therefore substantially in favour of the Government land tax. He was also in favour of a stamp tax, although the Government; did not explain, in (his Ought to have done, how they were going to make such a tax touch absentees or wealthy people, as Sir James M'Culloch said it would do. He would also support the proposed amendment of the land law, which was very desirable and he was very glad to see a reform of the civil service proposed, by which the system of competitive examinations, which had proved so successful in England, would displace the system of patronage. A very important subject had been omitted from the Premier's policy, from, he believed, a want of courage, viz, a proposal for the introduction of more people into this colony. He did not desire the immigra- tion at the Government expense of a class of paupers, or people to interfere with those who had already established themselves by their industry in this colony. There was no doubt, however, that a great drawback at present to an increased immigration from England to this colony was the length of the passage out and the great expense of the passage money and the necessary outfit. He thought, therefore, that Mr. Francis's proposi- tion with regard to subsidising a line of Steamers t'ieJ the Cape was worthy of more serious consideration than it had received from the Government. The only mistake Mr. Francis made was in confining the proposal to the conveyance of mails, for the carriage of which by the Cape he (Mr. Coppin) did not think it necessary to give £30,000. He would, however, support the giving of a subsidy to steamers by that route which would reduce the passage money one-half-say, to £7 steer age, £14 intermediate, and £25 cabin-so that a number of independent people would be induced to come out who would pay their own passages and the capital would come out in the cabin which would employ the labour of the steerage. One cIbbb of persons, however, whom he would bring out free was female domestic servants, Who were greatly required in increased num- here. Another thing which had been omitted from the Ministerial policy was an amendment of the Licensed Victuallers' Act, which, however, was absolutely necessary, as the bill which was passed last session, owing to the mixed state of politics at the time, was so unsatisfactory as to please neither the public nor the trade, (applause.) In conclusion, he must condemn the continual contests for place and power which he had witnessed constantly going on in the Assembly, and in this respect he could not recognise, any difference between the M'Cultochites and the Berryites, who were, indeed, six of one and half a dozen of the other." (Laughter.) Although personally he had always found Sir James M'Culloch obliging and liberal, he strongly condemned the manner in which he had got into office, and with respect to Mr. Berry he (Mr. Coppin) had referred in the House to his want of discretion, and his opinions of that gentleman were now just the same ob then. It would not be therefore, surprising if he could not recognise Mr. Graham Berry as the leader of the Liberal party. No doubt he was the leader of the Opposition, and of a certain section of the Liberal party, which had organised leagues, which doubtless would have an important influence on the dec * tions. But Mr Berry and his party did not constitute the whole Liberal party to the colony. There were a number of moderate men who had been in the House. and who would be in it again, who claimed to- be Liberals, and whose actions would challenge inspection as far as the Liberal cause was concerned but those gentlemen . had declined to be dragged through the mire for the purpose of placing a number of india creetpoliticianBonthoTroa8urybencb.es They were perfectly willing to follow any moderate leader with talent enough to propose a liberal, moderate, and progressive policy, and with courage enough to carry it out or to throw up the sponge if he found himself unable to do so. (Cheers ) In conclusion, he said he had always voted for a dissolution of Parliament when it was proposed, and he trusted that a renewal of confidence would be bestowed upon him. (applause,) In reply to questions, he said that he was in favour of limited Sunday trading, and opposed to payment of members. He had voted for the iron hand when it was proposed, but he had voted against its application on every occasion. There had been a great amount of political capital made out of this standing order, which really amounted to nothing more than the ability of the majority to decide when a question had been sufficiently debated. " A vote of confidence was proposed by Mr. Goldstein and seconded by Mr. A Dempster, and negatived. ' Mr. ZOX AT EAST MELBOURNE. Mr. F. 5 ft', ore of "r> (--"'"dates for the MjwtMai.vr. of a,, same, and dies, it him .? eat 'it's '''i dear ?.- "the Tem \- V6ts..icc-rall a?.' nice - t.- a large [,¡,..01, ill '" I "- 'i ircBidoti, £?->'i iirlii-»-*'hi'u j J. is'! mentioned that . . -nor, . , r , "< \- (whose 'death <.> .. -21 A" eh 5, r ;. - , pressed ihi'nttoiiyw-nht it"".- " elected for 'his constant" ' . Mr Zox, who was received with loud applause, said that before addressing them on the public questions of the day he desired to explain his reason for coming forward. They all knew that a large requisition was presented to him, asking him to become a candidate. (Hear, hear.) It was not, however, until he had consulted his friend, the late Mr. Cohen, and received the advice of that gentleman on the subject, that he had consented to accede to the request. He paid a warm tribute to the memory of Mr. Cohen, and stated that if that gentleman had lived, and appeared as a candidate in conjunction with Mr. Coppin, he (Mr. Zox) would not have come forward. The views he would put forward were the result of conscientious convictions, and the electors might depend that, if elected, he would urge them as strongly as possible in the Legislative As- 'Sembly. The first question of importance was that of free- trade and protection, and he regretted that it could not be placed before the electors without being surrounded by extraneous considerations. It would be, in his opinion, a matter for congratulation if that question could be put plainly to the votes of the people. Whatever might be his opinion of free- trade and protection, he had long been convinced that in a democratic country such as this the majority must rule. He was, and always had been a freetrader by conviction. (Cheers.) It was, however, a matter of surprise to him in discussing the question how nearly assimilated were the views of protectionists and freetraders (hear, hear-and he believed that, if it were not for the rabid freetraders and rabid pro- tectionists, concessions would have been made long ago which would have greatly benefited the colony. (Cheers.) There were many however, so wedded to their own opinions that they would not accept any concession. He might tell them candidly that, if elected, this could not be his line of conduct. The great burden upon the people of the colony which protection caused could hardly be believed unless a person went into the consideration of the question. He was certain that if the working men only knew what they had to pay, they would be the first to agitate for a remission of those duties. If he were returned, he would at once try to remove all duties from goods which were used in the industries established in the country, and which it would not be supposed could be made here. (Hear, hear.) If, however, the people of Victoria were so' 'strongly wedded to protection that they were. I not give it up, he hoped at all events that at.; no distant date there would be a federation of the colonies, so as to allow a free interchange of the com- modities produced by the various provinces of the group. With regard to a land tax he had long been of opinion that those gentle- men who occupied vast tracts of country had not contributed their fair quota towards the revenue of the country in proportion to the protection they enjoyed. At the same time he wished it to be clearly understood that he did not go in prepared to support any burst ing-up policy. It was quite antagonistic to the British system to dictate to any man what quantity of land be should hold, and he did not believe that the people of the colony would support any such doctrine It would be quite as consistent to prevent a man from holding more than a certain amount of shares in any public company. (Cheers) He could not himself understand how such an amount of noise had been made about the question. Admitting it to be right to tax the large land owners, it could hardly be expected that they should have sent a deputation to wait upon the Government to point out that up to the present time they had been allowed to escape. Hear, hear,) If a fair scheme of taxation Was brought forward, to which no reasonable man after a careful consideration of our pro rent circumstances could reasonably object, he did not believe that the owners of large ' estates would murmur. Whilst, however, he was in favour of taxing the country lands Above a certain area, he could not say that the scheme of imposing a tax upon town property had commended itself to his mind. It must be remembered that a large proportion of house property in town was mortgaged, and the fairest system, in his opinion, would be to tax the mortgagor, and not the most . gages. (Hear, hear.) If capital was to be taxed, those were the people who should be made to contribute. He hoped the Government policy on this question would be so . Amended that he would be enabled to sup. V port it. The question of education he considered to be one of the most important at present engaging the attention of the electors. Although belonging to a Sonoma position that was in a decided minority in the colony, they must look upon him as a cosmopolitan in the broadest sense of the term as far as regarded this question. He decidedly believed 11 free secular, and compulsory education, considering that in a country like this, where every man could exercise the franchise when he attained 21 years of age he should have sufficient education to enable him to value the privilege he enjoyed. (Hear, hear.) At the same time he was strongly opposed to any elements being introduced into a system to which any denomination could object He had lately been one of a deputation to the Minister of > education to represent that the school books at present in use contained objectionable matter, and although the objection was admitted, the excuse urged was that the Government could not afford to expend a large sum of money in providing a new set of school books He would promise that, if elected, he would use his utmost endeavours to have school books provided which inculcated no dogmas of any kind (Cheers ) Payment of members he was strongly opposed to (Cheers ) Certainly the system had not resulted in any improvement in the character of our Parliaments If there was a sufficient majority in the next House to carry a vote in its favour, he would strongly insist upon pay-. meat by results Although he had the highest respect for the religious opinions of every man still he thought it would be for the benefit of the community generally, from 0 moral point of view that the public houses should be allowed to be open for certain hours on Sunday. The publicans in- fringing the law if such an amendment were paSEea, be would visit with most severe penalties (Hear, hear.) The proposal of the Government to appoint a board for the ma noRement of the rail v. aja had his hearty approval, and no would be quite prepared to go further and appoint a board to supervise the carrying out of all great public works (Hear, hear.) It was hardly creditable to the statesmen of the colony he considered, that they should be compelled to look out for new sources of taxation when the present public burdens were so heavy Instead of increased all round taxation he would go in for a judicious return chment in the Government expenditure A competitive system for admission to and promotion in the civil service would obtain his support. It was almost a matter of surprise that the officers in the various departments were so well qualified for their positions, considering the manner of their appointment He would also like to see it made compulsory on civil servants to insure their lives, so that their families would not, in the event of the death of the bread- winner, become a burden upon the country. (Hear, hear.) He referred at some length to the management of the charitable institutions with which he had been connected for a number of years and expressed the opinion that nowhere in the world was a greater amount of impost tion practised upon the public charities than in Melbourne A measure which would rectify the most glaring evils of the present system would have his hearty support He did not at all think it right that people occupying good positions should be allowed to keep their near relatives, in some cases their father or mother, in the Benevolent Asylum, A man who imposed upon a public charity should be quite as liable to prosecution on the man who obtained goods from a storekeeper on false pretences (Cheers ) Another matter which required legislative interference was the great tendency there appeared to be to check the condonation of public offences There was no reason that he could see why a man should be allowed to escape punishment if he committed an offence against the law. (Cheers ). He reminded the electors that he had lived in the colony since he was 14 years of age He had always taken a deep interest in public affairs, and had laboured earnestly to ad v ance the social well being of the community. The friendly societies had always found him a firm friend and supporter, believing as he did that they effected a vast amount of good, inculcating self reliance, and relieving dis trees which might develop into pauperism. It had been stated that in this contest he was running with some other candidate, but such was not the case To use a common expression he was entirely upon his own hook. He believed that those reports had been circulated for the purpose of doing him harm instead of good. (Hear, hear ) In reply to questions, Mr Zox stated that he would be only in favour of such a system of immigration as would introduce a suitable class of persons such as farm labourers and domestic servants. He would be in favour of developing the mineral resources of the colony by every possible means The residence condition should not be considered, be enforced in the case of townspeople taking up selections if they fulfilled all the other conditions Such a system of prison management as would make our prisons more self supporting than at present would obtain his hearty support He was in favour of opening the libraries and museum on Sundays provided that the conscientious scruples of the employés against working on that day were not infringed in any way He would have supported the purchase of the Hobsons Bay Railway, and if the question again came forward it would have his serious consideration He believed the property to be a most valuable one to the country He would reduce the tenure of office members of the Upper House to five years, but would not be in favour of reducing the qualification of members, although he would support a reduction of the qualification of electors Dr Martin proposed a vote of confidence in the candidate which was seconded by Mr. C J Ham, and carried with great cheer- ing A vote of thanks to the chairman closed the meeting MESSRS LANGRIDGE AND MIRAMS AT COLLINGWOOD. Messrs Langridge and Mirams, two of the candidates for Collingwood at the coming election addressed about 200 of the electors last evening at St Philip's school room, Hoddle street. Mr Jos Bowring was in the chair, Mr Langridge said that it was a somewhat unfortunate affair that there were four candidates holding almost similar views con- testing the electorate, as, had they been opposed by a freetrader, they would have disposed of him at once. He did not wish to go so far as to say that he and his colleague should not have been opposed, but they had been returned by large majorities and he was quite sure they would all say that they had carried out the pledges they had then made (Hear, hear.) The questions which had now to be considered by the people were free trade against protection and a revision of the tariff, reform of the Constitution, and the great question of deciding in what way our lands should be dealt with. The free trade candidates all said that while they were in favour of remitting the protective duties they had no desire to interfere with the industries which had been established under the protective tariff, but when the question of remitting any of the present 20 per cent duties arose there could not be much doubt as to which way they would vote (Hear, hear ) They had all heard a great deal about the extreme manner in which Victorians were taxed as compared with the other colonies but when he referred to Hayter's Year book he did not find that the taxation per head was much more in protective Victoria in than in the free trade colonies Here he was £2 2s 9d per head, while in New South Wales free trade colony it was £2 2s 3d, per head-not such a very great difference. In Queensland-an entirely freetrade colony-it was £3 11s per head in South Australia. £1 lies in Tasmania, £2 le , while New Zealand exceeded all the rest with £4 la. 2d per head Referring to the land question he pointed out that the acre- age of the colony was 662 millions, out of which 23 millions of acres, had to be deducted for mallee scrub, lakes and inaccessible mountains leaving 333 millions of acres to be dealt with Leaving out another 31 millions of acres for cities, towns roads and reserves, there was a balance of 31 millions of acres, of which 17 millions of acres had been alienated, so that there were now only 14 millions of acres for settlement When he found that this large quantity had been sold by the state at an average price of £1 per acre, and that the greater portion of it was now worth from £5 to £35 per acre, he thought it only fair that those who now owned it should pay a fair tax upon it in order that they should contribute their quota to the revenue of the country (Hear, hear.) He could also say that one of the first things he would do if returned to the House would be to refuse to allow any further alienation of the public lands until this question wosBettlcd on a more satisfactory basis, and in his opinion the only way of dealing with the subject in future would be to lease the lands, and not sell them (Hear, hear ) With regard to the action he had taken in support- ing the stonewall, he could say that, in looking back he saw nothing to regret in what he had then done (Hear, hear.) He had been returned to the House on the question of constitutional reform, but he soon found when he entered the House that that question had been practically shelved and he at once saw from the constitution of the House that it was impossible for any practical legislation to be proceeded with until the country had been appealed to, and he was therefore one of the first who advocated a dissolution, in order that the people might give their opinion on the taxes proposed by Mr Berry and Sir James M'Culloch It did not of course suit the latter to go to the country, and the stonewallers were determined to do all in their power to prevent such obnoxious taxes as he had proposed becoming law They had been successful in their endeavour, and Sir James M'Culloch had not had the temerity to again bring them forward (Cheers ) Sir James M'Culloch and three of his colleagues had now thrown off their cloak, and had stated that it was their intention to abandon some of the protective duties, but in doing so they would have his uncompromising hostility, for he would strongly oppose any freetrade Ministry that attempted to interfere with the protective duties which had done so much good for the colony (Cheers ) Sir Jas. M Cal loch had said that the working of these 20 per cent duties had been most unsatisfactory but he (Mr Landridge) would ask him whether it would have been possible for the manufacturers of this colony to export their goods to Sydney had it not been for those duties 1 (Cheers ) He was, as he had always been, opposed to a system of state immigration but was favourable to sub editing a line of powerful steamers by which suitable immigrants could come out at a low rate of passage, and not all the poorer class, as had been the case when state immigration was in operation He (Mr Landridge) also claimed to have the credit which was now given to Mr Coppin, of being the first one to agitate for a reduction in the water rate from 5s to 5d in the pound, by which a saving of £5 321 per annum had been effected for the ratepayers of Collingwood alone (Cheers ) As he had previously addressed them at some length he would not detain them any longer, especially as his colleague had yet to speak Mr Mrs vis who was received with cheers congratulated the electors on the fact that the (gentlemen who had usurped the Treasury benches for so long by the aid of their 40 ' gagecrs ' had at last been compelled to dissolve the House, and meet their sons i tuents face to face and he hoped that the people would fully justify the action taken during the last two sessions of Parliament by the Liberal members of the House (Cheers ) It was nor his in mention briefly to refer to some portions of Sir James M'Culloch B speech and the first was the stonewall Sir James M'Culloch said the minority were trying to coerce the majority who were the representatives of the people, but he (Mr Mirams) contended that the majority were not the representatives of the people, and therefore those who erected the stonewall were perfectly justified in doing so, in order to get the opinion of the people on the question (Cheers The members of the House had been returned 18 months before on the question of constitutional reform and the people had never had an opportunity of expressing their opinions on the proposals of taxation brought forward either by Mr Berry or Sir James M'Culloch (Cheers ) Sir James M'Culloch had never yet denied that as a constitutional right the Commons had the right to demand a redress of grievances before granting supplies, but he said that such had not been adopted for many years-not that it had never been adopted But possibly the necessity for it had not arisen for many years, and therefore the right had never been put in force, to cause it was not necessary The stonewall could also be justified as a matter of tactics, for it had been successful in preventing the imposition of obnoxious taxes, and that the stonewall party were in the right was shown by the fact that Sir James M'Culloch had practically admitted that those taxes were not necessary and had not submitted them to the country. (Cheers ). In his new taxation scheme he proposed to impose a tax on land-town and suburban alike-a stamp duty, and a remission of the 20 per cent duties Sir James M'Culloch had said he was astonished that the people had allowed them to be imposed at first and was astonished that they had allowed them to remain but be (Mr Mírame) did not think it showed much statesmanship to remove duties which the people were quite satisfied with-hear, hear) merely to make a deficiency which would have to be made up by other taxes which would not prove so satisfactory. (Hear, hear ) Presuming that Sir James McCulloch was right in his figures, he found he had stated that we had exported £73 000 worth of our manufactures to Sydney, where there was no duty He (Mr Mirams) had gone over the list of goods exported, and found there was about 40 of them on which there was a duty in Sydney He did not in tend to read the list but would give them a few of the items We exported £3 893 worth of cordage which paid a duty of 40s per ton £2,G88 worth of cheese, which paid a duty of 2d per lb , £10 710 worth of biscuits which paid a duty of 1d per lb., £18 337 worth of refined sugar, paying a duty of 6s 8d per cwt , £1,270 worth of dressed timber, which paid a duty of 6d per 100 feet, and £2 351 worth of undressed timber, which paid a duty of 5s per lOOIt These were only a few of the items, but the total amount was £67 832, so that there would only he about £5 000 worth that would go in free and he was quite sure that had it not been for the imposition of the 20 per cent duties, in the first instance, they would never have been able to send those goods to Sydney or anywhere else (Cheers ) Sir James M'Culloch had further said that these goods were sent to Sydney for the benefit of the Sydney people, but he could not see how that could be as the Sydney people had to pay just the same as they would have done for English goods It was in his opinion for the benefit of the Victorian people, as it was far better that the £73 000 should be spent among the workmen of the colony rather than be sent home to he spent among the workmen of Manchester, London, or Birmingham (Cheers ) Sir James M Cal loch said, in fact, that because Victorian manufactured goods were driving the English goods out of the Sydney market, that he would take off the 20 per cent duties (Hear, hear ) Leaving the tariff and coming to the land question, he found that M Cal loch had said, while he was in favour of a land tax in general, he was not in favour of bursting up' the large estates He (Mr Mirams) only wanted such a tax on Rolled on land as would compel the large landholders either to sell their land at a fair price, or, what would be better, to put it to a better use than the grazing of sheep and cattle One million acres of land under cultivation, according to Mr Hayter's statistics I employed 80,000 people, while 30,000,000 acres used for sheep and cattle grazing only gave employment to 2000 people. It was therefore plain that no justification was needed for the imposition of such a tax as would compel the large landholders to put their land to better use than at present (cheers)-and he was quite sure every thinking man would admit that Mr. Berry's proposals for a land tax were far preferable to those submitted by Sir James M'Culloch (Cheers ) With reference to the reform of the Upper House, he could only say that he considered Sir James M Culloch's proposals tended to increase the power of that House which was certainly not wanted. He then referred shortly to the payment of members' system, and concluded with the remark that it was a significant fact that Sir James M'Culloch had said nothing relative to what action was to be taken with regard to the squatters' leases, which would expire in 1888 The Land Act would also expire on the last day of that year, and in view of those facts it was plain it would not suit M'Culloch to have a paid Parliament when the interests of the squatters came to be discussed (Hear, hear ) On the motion of Mr. M'Burme, seconded by Mr Jos. Berry, a vote of confidence was unanimously passed in the candidates and a vote of thanks to the chairman terminated the proceedings. MR. W. BATES AT FITZROY. Mr William Bates, one of the candidates for Fitzroy, addressed a meeting of the electors of that constituency at the Hibernian Club Hotel, Nicholson street, last evening Mr W. G Raven was voted to the chair. The candidate, on being introduced, referred to the adverse vote which had been passed upon him at a previous meeting held in the town hall, on the supposition that he had, when formerly in Parliament, voted against the motion for the legalisation of the eight hours' system of labour, and showed by a quotation from Hansard that so far from opposing the motion, his name ap- peared first on the list of its supporters He then went on to observe that so soon as Parliament met, the first thing they would be called upon to deal with would be the question of the reform of the Upper House He was not one of those who would abolish the upper branch of the Legislature, because be considered that something was required to check hasty legisla- tion ; but the question came whether the Legislative Council had not controlled legislation too much Four times in succession they had rejected the Mining on Private Property Bill but he hoped that the decision of the Privy Council had now definitely settled that question The Government, through its Premier, in his speech before his constituents at Warrnambool, had mentioned a land tax. He was under the impression that taxing the land in towns, cities and boroughs was a mistake, because those pro perses already paid a tax often more than they could bear-to the local councils ; but he believed in taxing country lands, which, without contributing anything, bad in creased in value by the expenditure of the state in railways and roads He thought that the least thing the country might expect was that the owners of large estates should contribute something more towards the public expenditure than they had done hitherto Our national debt was about £14,000,000 which had been principally expended in railways and roads, and these railways and roads bad benefitted more than anybody doe the proprietors of ore estates. In answer to a question, the candidate said that he was opposed to the opening of public. houses on Sundays An elector of lied-Do you believe in a tax upon absentees? Mr. Bates replied that he believed an absentee tax to be a very just one, and would vote for it if he thought it could be carried into effect But that was the question Such a tax could not be imposed excepting a man was away from the colony for 12 months, and as the tax could only apply to a rich man, all he had to do was to return to the colony at the end of a year, and leave again at the Legmrimg of the next year, to defeat the tax In answer to another question, Mr Bates said that he would gain support an "Eight Hours Labour Bill ' Mr W lllioru Lang proposed and Mr Charles Patrick seconded, a vote of confidence in the candidate, which was carried unanimously MR DIVERS AT THE NEW LINCOLN INN Mr. lovers last evening addressed a meet ing of the electors of North Melbourne at the New Lincolnshire Rathdowne street, Carlton, There were about 100 persons present, and Councillor Pigdon, who occupied the chair, shortly introduced the candidate as a very old resident in Carlton, and an old personal friend of his own Mr. Ie\ ess commenced by deprecating Sir James M Culloch'a conduct in delaying his speech so long and accused the Government of filching the policy of the " Liberal ' party. It was for the electors to Boy whether they would treat the destinies of this colony to Sir James M'Culloch and his party 'No") 1 be Premier had complained that the Oppo- emon had acted unfairly to him in erecting the Stonewall, but he (Mr. levers) was there, as a member of the council of the National Reform League, to defend all that Mr. Berry did. He argued that when the Norwegian scheme, on which the lost Parliament was elected, could not be carried through, the trust should have been resigned into the hands of the electors again. The Premier had said said that the majority should rule, and he agreed that it was absolutely so, but the majority was not the chance majority who might find themselves in Parliament, but it was the country-the electors (Applause ). The electors had supported Mr Berry and his party in the stonewall, and if anyone was to blame it was the electors He cautioned them that Sir James M'Culloch had expressed an intention to interfere with the 20 per cent duties, and appealed to them not to allow the merchants and traders who lived for the most part in London or elsewhere out of the country, to dictate to them what taxes should be imposed. The electors had established the industries which were But rounding them, and they should be careful how they allowed them to be interfered with As to the land tax proposed by Sir James M'Culloch that was one of the things that was forced upon him by the National Reform League He previously proposed a house tax as well as a land tax. Why did he not propose it again now! Because he knew that the country would not have it, and preferred to stick to office like a barnacle as he had done for the last year or two. The Premier proposed his taxes and had them rejected, and yet continued in office He was like a prize fighter who got a knock down, and came up smiling ' aga v Sir James M'Culloch had said he would have a town land tax as well as a country land tax, but he had not deigned to tell the country what sort of a town land tax it was to be. At some length the speaker explained what seemed to him to be the distinction between a town land tax and a country land tax, arguing that country lands were improved in value by the construction of railways, roads, and bridges, which the state paid for, while in the case of town lands the owners had to make all the improvement themselves before the land increased in value As to the reform of the Council, Sir James M'Culloch proposed to reduce the qualification for members, and voters would only continue the evil, is the Upper House would still represent the monied classes He advocated the scheme agreed to by the National Reform League, which was that after a bill had been twice passed by the Assembly, and twice rejected by the Council, the question should be settled by a plebiscitum He was not however prepared to say that other means might not be devised, such for instance as giving power to create new members for the occasion, or to dissolve the Council. On the question of payment of members. Mr. levers expressed himself in favour of the continuance of the remuneration, arguing that there was a great principle involved in it. If members were not paid they would pay themselves, and they must remember that since payment of members they had not had members expelled for bribery and corruption He would propose that members should be paid by the EGERton, and that the session be limited to three or four months, but that if members prolonged the session for the purpose of exercising their talking powers, they should do be at their own expense A vote of confidence in the candidate was carried, and the meeting was brought to a close with a vote of thanks to the chairman. MR, COOK AT BRUNSWICK A meeting of about 400 persons was addressed by Mr. Cook, a candidate for the representation of East Bourke Boroughs at the Mechanics' Institute, Brunswick, last night Councillor Brees occupied the chair. Mr Cook, who was well received, began his remarks by a brief reference to the " stonewall proceedings in the last Parliament in connexion with which he maintained he had acquitted himself faithfully and honestly. The tactics of the Opposition were justified by the unprecedented and reprehensible course pursued by the Government in trying to force through Parliament a financial scheme never submitted to the country. To a great extent the party with which he acted had been successful, inas- much as the present proposals of the Premier were very different from those to defeat which the stonewall was erected. Now, however, Sir James M'Culloch had at last to face the country, and would probably find that the electors at large approved the tactics of the minority in the late Parliament which he had denounced so bitterly The system of protection was one with which the bulk of the people were thoroughly satisfied, it was only opposed by a few interested merchants, and persons who had brought with them from the old country ancient notions. He was also thoroughly in favour of a progressive land tax Pastoral pursuits were the most profitable of all The number of persons that the capitalists engaged therein employed was comparatively few, while the soil they monopolised was of huge proportions. Moreover, the lands in the country, especially those alienated several years since, had been disposed of at a price far too low. And, further- more, very large sums of money contributed by the general public had been spent in the construction of railways and abSorbed in subsidies to shires, all of which expenditure had greatly improved country lands Under these circumstances, he was prepared to support the land tax proposed by the Victorian Protection League It was satisfactory to know that there was no such deficit in the exchequer as had been predicted by Sir James M'Culloch 15 months ago, and that fresh taxation was only necea Baiy, so far as revenue purposes were concerned, in order to make up foranyremia sion of duties that might be made No one denied that a large number of articles were taxed that were used in the manufacture of other protected productions and the cause quence was that in some instances the advantages of protection were nullified Some of these taxes articles were never likely to be made or produced here, and others it would not be worth while to attempt to produce The best of schemes often contained weak points, and the protective system in action here was not without its defects in se, however, might be rectified, and he thought all persons would agree with him that it was desirable to remit the duties on articles largely used by manufacturers here, and the protection of which was not demanded In order to make up for any deficiency that are mission of duty would cause, Sir James M'Culloch proposed the adoption of a land tax of a progressive character. The details of his scheme had not been published, but few would object to the principles of it. In answers to questions, the candidate stated that he did not think Sir James M'Culloch scheme of Upper House reform would achieve the object the country had in view, and that Mr Berry's proposal in that direction was much more feasible, and would receive his support, that he was in favour of the Education Act being carried out in its integrity, that it would be unwise to abolish payment of members altogether, but that he would agree to a system of payment in proportion to the number of sittings of Parliament, that Australia was not ripe for federation that he would not support any proposal to give the corporation of the city of Melbourne power to collect tolls on the Sydney road for three years more that he was in favour of the t outer circle railway proposed by the engineer in chief of Victorian Railways, and of the construction of a branch line from Brunswick, or Coburg and Campbellfield,!!» some point on the North-Eastern Railway say at Craigieburn that he was not in favour of our ing public houses on S ri y and that he was in favour of subsidising the Cape route and making eight hours aiegaldays work On the motion of Mr S King seconded by Mr J Clark a vote of confidence in the candidate was carried there being only two dissentients MR, FISH! R AT EMERALD HILL Mr J Fisher addressed the electors of Emerald hill yesterday evening in the local meet oncE institute Mr R Sa age was voted to the choir There were over 500 persons present Mr 1 isiiriiinoioninghisaddresaregrotted that he i ed to allude to a personal matter of a very unpleasant nature At his first meeting he was asked among other quest done if he had received a bribe of £50 to split the Lil oral vote He answered that question but since then he had met with several of his friends who had informed him that they had for some time past board reports that he had received the sum of 50 to come forward and split the Liberal vote This rumour he considered a cruel slander and he promised them that he would do his utmost to trace the slander to its source and having done that he would treat the same cover as he deserved (Great cheering ) With reference to Sir James M. Culloch speech profound thotthefinancesoftho colony were represented as being in more prosperous condition than they had ever been seen before He also learned that for ii 071 00 paid in taxes by the people the wealthy classes only paid £133 000 or a pro 1 or ion of off his was all that was con tributed by those wealthy people who held half a million of acres of roads and who had for many years held the lands of the colony for not a. and upon whom no less than 0 millions had been spent in the shape of man is (. roa s and railways He was glad he j ear he of the country were able to pay such a large sum It contrasted well with the time when there were frequent meetings of the nr employed and soup kitchens in Collingwood Great ci seems, ) As a proof of the present of the colony under protection he gave a vivid picture of the appearance of the people on the Easter holidays the many amusements provided for them and the im- l offence it, even to those amusements by the journals In his opinion intercolonial free trade was only another name for free trade He considered that if t! e country lands of the color y bore their fair share of the burdens of taxation-Bay 6d per acre there would be such a large surplus that the taxes might be taken off some of the imported raw material required for the manufactures in the colony (Great cheering ) In answer to questions the candidate said be was opposed to payment of morn here believing that if it had not been for payment of members there would have been a dissolution 18 months ago With respect to the bone mills in the Sandridge bend he was in favour of establishing industries wherever it could be done and would not interfere with them. He would if elected endeavour to pass a bill to make eight hours labour a legal day a work A vote of confidence in favour of th can didate was carried unanimously [BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH] (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENTS ) THE ATTORNEY GENERAL AT WODONGA WODONGA Monday The Hon G B Kerferd addressed the electors at the Prince of Wales Hall to night Mr Tomer a member of the shire council was in the chair Two hundred and thirty persons were present A unanimous vote of confidence was carried THE HON J J CASEY AT ROCHESTER ROCHESTER Monday Mr J J Casey addressed a large audience at Rochester to night Mr A Richards J P was in the chair Mr Casey commenced by referring to a rumour which had gone abroad in reference to a statement said to have been made by him at Rochester three years since in reference to the residence clause of the land act At the meeting at which he was said to have uttered the expression that he would not enforce the residence clause provided otherfretirements were carried there were present representatives of the press and no such statement appearing in any reports of that meeting in the papers was sufficient proof that it had not been made He said he was in favour an increase in the area to be selected to GEO acres and proposed to keep the grant for 12 years and would only require a selector to pay 5s per acre for the first years of occupation He was surprised that no men tion had been made either by the Premier or by the Minister of Lands as to what was intended to be done in regard to the land on the expiration of the present act which would take place in 1886 His opinion was that after that date no more land should be licensed to squatters but kept wholly for selection He was in favour of keep ing the public roads open and against their lease or sale This he believed would prove the most effectual and certainly was a most honourable means of breaking the large estates TheHouBehodgotintoo wrong groove of late which they all very much deplored If returned he would go in as a strenuous opponent of Sir James M'Culloch He was opposed to assisted immigration as it was unfair to the working classes here for the Ministry to take the working man's money in order to compete with him for Labour was opposed to any amendment on the Education Act and also to payment of members He would have to see the salaries of Ministers of the Crown reduced He was opposed to Sunday trading. A unanimous vote of confidence was passed on the motion of Mr W J Webb seconded by Mr P Doherty THE MINISTER OF LANDS AND MR FRASER AT HEATHCOTE HEATHCOTE Monday Messrs. Fraser and Gillies addressed the electors this evening in the town hall which was crowded there being not less than 600 persons present The candidates were afforded a very fair hearing They both spoke in justification of their actions with regard to the iron hand Mr Fraser expressed his opinion that when Mr Francis resigned the Premiership the Kerferd Ministry should have retired In reply to a question Mr Fraser acknowledged that on one occasion he opposed the grocers licences and on another occasion voted for them He denied having an interest in the Echuca dummy cases Mr Gillies stated that the scheme of taxation underlying the present Ministerial proposals was based on the principle approved by the Assembly on two separate occasions he also at great length denied the truth of the statement made in various newspapers and justified his action with regard to Mr Pearson s Mr Cupit s and Miss Cameron e lands In reply to questions Mr. GILLIES stated that he was a free trader that it was quite legal to carry out at present the permanent survey of the Goulburn Valley proposed line of railway as he considered they had the consent of Parliament by having stated that they would accept the vote of reporting p ogresB as a vote on that question that he never ignored or reversed the decision of his predecessors _ col, exton with the cases adjudicated upon by Judge Bindon at Echuca that he was in favour of purchasing the Melbourne and Hobson's Bay Railway at a fair price and sincerely regretted that he opposed the purchase of it in 1873 on the terms then of fered If he was returned to Parliament he would use all his influence to obtain a line of railway to Heathcote as he considered that it would pay and that there was every probability of the district obtaining it shortly He thought that rent paid for land held under the 49th section of the Land Act should go as part payment of the purchase money At the conclusion of the meeting a vote of confidence was proposed and an amendment to the contrary Upon the question being put by the chairman the motion was carried by a considerable majority MR W T KELLY AT BALLARAT BALLARAT Mond vi Mr W T Kelly addressed a meeting of electors at the town hall this evening the mayor was in the chair. There were about 180 persons present Mr Kelly declared Sir James M falloch s policy to be as clever as the look of a betting man whichever way the race went he could not lose It was a cobb of beads I win tails you lose He blamed Sir James M'Culloch for expending money on the survey of railways not sanctioned by Parliament Sir James M'Culloch e proposed remission of the 20 per cent duties was as Professor Hearn had said the first firm step in the direction of free trade but in substituting the stamp tax for it he only shifted the source of revenue and left the burden still on the consumers He thought the absence of the law of primage ture here would be more likely to help to r crease the area of the large estates and differed from Sir James M Cnllo'lt in that He objected tober James M'Culloch h scheme for reforming, the Upper House a? not liberal enough If any dispute arose between the two Houses he would settle it by a plebiscite He would place the railways under the control of a board responsible to Parliament He did not believe in Sir James Al Culloch s sincerity when he said he wished tointroducecompetitiveexaniioations because the introduction of that system would deprive him of the means of giving and of intending voters in the House He blamed Mr Gillies for administering the Land Act by departmental regulations in stead of by the act itself which he said Mr Gillies had evaded to Ina eternal shame He was in favour of establishing a national ball k, the management of which should be entirely free from the control of any Ministry He did not approve of federation of the colonies at present but would like to see reciprocal (free trade introduced so that the colony night finally exchange its products and manufactures with another He entirely dis- approved of a main religion influencing in any way his political position and also of the importance of a small knot of reform leaguers trying to influence an election by the selection of candidates No vote was taken The meeting was remarkably orderly A vote of thanks to the chairman closed the proceedings MESSRS GRANT AND DAVID S AT INGLEWOOD INGLEWOOD Monday Night Mcpbib Oral t and Davies the) ox numbers for the Av jca district has ever as a addressed a very full of meeting of electors at the Royal ball Between 200 and 2 0 electors were present and the chair was occupied by the n asor Mr Tatchell Mr t itANT who rose amidst cheers a need that the previous occasions he had up peared before them as a Minister of the Crowd with weight and a home but now he was half a private individual seeking re tactic ii He alluded at Zurich to his connection with the Duffy Ministry in IS I and lb 2 and ex pressed his pleasure that many reforms in the railway and laid systems ei undated by that Ministry had been carried interested by their successors ThatMtniatry had been ejected from office by a cabal and from some undefined reason a dissolution had been refused This led to the formation of a coalition Ministry one of the most extraordinary coalitions the colony had ever witnessed when extreme freetraders on the one side and extreme protectionists of the other went hand in hand and the former swallowed their free trade principles and administered a protective tariff under a protective Chief Secretary They (the free traders) had foregone their convictions for the simple purpose of putting the Duffy administration out This demoralising spectacle had led to all the disturbances and false legislation prevalent ever since The Speaker alluded to Mr Francis of connexion with his celebrated Norwegian scheme This was the sole issue put to the country and in the Governors opening speech it was stated that no financial legislation could proceed until the reform of the Council tution had been effected He (Mr Grant) had moved that the Assembly should not jeopardise its privileges as the guardian of the public purse, but he was defeated The Norwegian scheme did not secure a sufficient majority to enable it to become law and Mr Francis then instead of resigning as was his clear duty withdrew the measure He resigned office through illness and Mr Kerferd accepted the office of Premier It had been said that Mr Kerferd should have gone before his constituents then but he (Mr Grant was not sure upon this point but the Government of which he was the head instead of further proceeding with the question of the reform of the constitution brought forward a scheme for tariff reform This after previous opposition was carried by a majority of one and Mr Kerferd advised a dissolution It was a fatal mistake that the Acting Governor did not take the advice given Mr Berry was sent for, and he put certain issues before the country viz reform of the tariff and a tax on large landed proprietors Sir James M'Culloch moved an amendment which was carried after a long debate by a majority of three of which may inty at^fjxrBt 12 were large landed proprietors Those ! ockets would have suffered had Lorry a proposition been carried Mr Berry asked for a dissolution and then the Acting Governor again made a fatal mistake in declining to grant it They had heard the Opposition blamed for the stonewall and assertions made that no minority should govern that the contention of the Opposition in objecting to the granting of supplies was 11 truth that the Asboii bly was no longer legally in a jib ence that it had ceased to exist when Mr Kerferd had advised its dissolve motors, The speaker defied the production of evidence ce in modern history showing where a dissolution had been previously refused under such circumstances The stonewallers fought from principle and rom principle alone I ney had not wanted o stop supplies but simply paid, ' Go to yourmE8terp and his he avers must recollect that when great principles Uko these were at take bottles we e not fought with rose water lue siealterobjected totally to the course taken by the Acting Governor, and averred that no properly constituted Governor would have dared to do likewise as he would feel compelled to act consists tion By having the prospects in maize rewards and promotion before his eyes The past agitation would have this effect there would never be the occasion for a stonewall again His views up mother subjects were so well known that there was no necessity for delay? his hearers He criticised Sir James M'Culloch a proposal with regard to his future intentions He was surprised when he heard him say a few days before the closing of Parliament in reply to Mr Service s statement that if anything justified stonewalling it was the forcing through Parliament of railways not properly authorised that if there was time he (Sir James would then put the iron hand in force This as revealing the con el it ion of his political mind deserved attention With reference to the proposed 20 per cent reductions all he could say was that under protection many industries had sprung up involving millions of money and employing at least 50 000 bands It would be a cruel thing to endanger this capital and labour The question of free trade and protection was not worth discussing It was simply a red herring thrown across the trail to draw attention from the question whether the large landed proprietor a should contribute their fair share to the revenue of the country The speaker read extracts from a speech delivered by Mr Couche an avowed freetrader and ex-president of the Chamber of Commerce on Friday last and stated that if the address had been delivered by the president of the Protection League he could not better have expressed the principles of protection The two foot rule of political economy was what would do the greatest good to the greatest number The speaker alluded to the import duty on wheat and asked if that was removed what guard would the farmers of the colony have against the market being swamped with shipments from South Australia or California The result of' the duty on wheat had been to reduce the price of bread in Melbourne Sir James M'Culloch had abandoned his previous propositions in favour of a stamp tax and a tax on building allotments The former would fall very heavily upon merchants and storekeepers and the like and some of the storekeepers now in Melbourne and suburbs had hard work to make both ends meet He could not see why houses should be exempt in favour of allotments As to reforming the Upper House he objected to any widening of the basis upon which it was constituted and would abolish it as an electoral house substituting therefore a nominee house as now in existence in Canada New South Wales and New Zealand At present the Upper House appeared to have power above crown and people The proposed amendments in the land policy were to a certain extent in the right direction. He was opposed to the aggregation of large as states in the hands of a few individuals Wob the colony to be a sheep walk for over and not be utilised for the purposes which God had intended a Last session he had given notice to move that the quantity of land owned by any one be divided and one in dividual be hunted to-say r> 000 acres and he hoped still to see such a law passed There was no analogy between shares in a company and property in land Many people confounded capital with land He denied the truth of the assertion that potatoes would grow smaller in the course of years by the division of families quoting the words of Mr. Shaw Lefevre in reply to Mr Froude in support of his allegation He asked his audience to seriously consider the subject and concluded his speech amid sustained applause by expressing a hope that what he had done in the past would be regarded by the electors of a guarantee for what he would do in the future Mr Ditiss followed, and was received with loud cheers great laughter being caused by an interjection Don't be flattered, Davies, it is only some boys at the back He ed dressed the meeting at length reviewing his 10 years representation of the district in connexion with Mr Grant and expressing a hope that they would be reelected to their old positions side by side, He was in favour; of liberalise" (the land net of the colony and would give to every man enough land to enable him to combine farms g Wltu (arriving not alone a lease for 940 acres but also a groiMiiL. right for the same amount He was a protectionist and denied that New South Wales possessed any advantages over Victoria contending, that a Blight present (lash of prosperity was due to Victorian men 1 using Victorian money for the grazing lands of Riverina. He quoted largely from figures to show the general progress of Victoria during their ears from 1870 to 1874 and alluded particularly to the hundreds of smiling horne b ends the foundations of future wealth lately established to the north and north west of Inglewood as showing that the decadence! the mining industry could not be regarded altogether as an unmixed evil He was in favour of a non residence clause considering that clerks mechanics and soon should be allowed to select and improve a horse ip- in sir old age if they thought fit He was in favour of a man being, allowed to improve Iib mite tion by Pinkus dims if required instead of 1 ending f need to cultivate his WM in favour of a progressive land tax with a view of mules! g large estates lons i profitable than moder its much but he objected to the lands of the colony being leased only one not sold he approved of the Education Act in its entirety is one of the bpHt,BCbemi.Bever inaugurated He was opposed to enlarging the powers of the Upper House and was in favour of the substitution of a nominal chamber ball to be elected by the people and I are to be a brunette by the Governor or of power here give in to dissolve the Council when it had twice refused to pass a bill which had passed a majority of the Assembly Mr Davies sat down amidst great applause A joint vote of con- Q peace was proposed by Mr J D Burns swindle seconded by Mr. C Gibbons and carried After a vote of thanks to the chair the meeting closed MR SHACKELL AT 1 CHUCA. I CnUCA, Monday Mr James Shackell candidate for Rodney, addressed a crowded meeting, of the electors at the Ten persons hill this evening There were about 300 persons present The chair v au taken by Mr W V Moore Mr S veil li (who was received with cheerful impressed himself as being opposed to the M Cull L Murn trying was neither a protectionist nor a rabid free trader bushels a moderate principles He believed in duties li at were imposed strictly for protective 1 urptBu and the removal of which would in tenders will industries which had been established under a fostering Government and throw a large number of persons out of employment On the other hand he would introduce free all articles which could not be n manufactured in the colony. He was in favour of reform of the Upper House and v could reduce the voting on Education for the Council from 56 to same He would also increase the number of members by decreasing the Rise of the provinces and shorten the term of membership from ten years to five ] the Lower House too, revision was necea B ry so as to secure a representative for every 2 000 voters No electorate should i even more than three members and a du t id ith a paper r- - "fear of 6,000 si "lit r uri i ed his new n I n ii L J co i i d breathe be a "t e 1 cl i s lurif.m'wrf is of for an L on private i ( nut n unit of h ock or f. land to' t In re T Power House ~"* I ran r in accord with each other Hi m Fort a land tax commencing upon as a minimum of 640 acres He would tax the land upon its natural value but not upon its improvement? as that would be virtually taxing industry He gave his adherence to the increase of the area of selection from 320 to 640 acres and the extension of the time of purchase to 10 years at the rate of 5s per acre when the selector should be entitled to his Crown grant upon payment of the balance of 10s per yard Double survey fees were on unjust exaction 1 and in the matter of the more prompt 1 suo of leases there was also need for reform Agricultural colleges and model farms were most desirable so as to properly train the future agricultural dry facts of the colony The alienation of our vexed roads would be opposed by him and he would favour practicable schemes for conserving water for agricultural and mining purposes and for locking the Murray and Goulburn rivers He would encourage) a thing on private property and would like to see a sum of £5 000 or £10,000 placed upon the 1 estimates annually for prospecting par loses Railway extension was another matter deceiving great attention, and lines should take the place of main roads, seeing that they could be constructed as cheaply as these highways The Goulburn Valley and Heathcote lines should have his support He would endeavour to have a great many schools established in portions of the district where they were at present Sadly' required, and he would seek to obtain an improvement in the state of teachers so that in all respects they might be placed upon the same footing as the Civil Service staff Herr ( opposed to payment of members, and held that the honour of representing a constituency was lost when payment was received. In conclusion, he condemned the practice of excluding strangers from the House on occa tuoiiB when members desired to indus In conduct which would not be approved by their constituencies and he said he 1 all desire to see this form of the House abolish J 1 s constituencies had a light to know it their representatives did in Parliament at all times An almost unanimous vote of confidence was accorded to the candidate who t J s most attentive hearing throughout and whose remarks were frequently warmly by a lauded 