NEWS BY_THE MAIL. GOSSIP PROM FRANCE. (FROM OUIt' OWN CORRESPONDENTS. 1 February 17th. No one in this country attaches the ^lightest importance, still less gives the smallest attention to, the reported Orleanist conspiracy to overthrow the Republic, and selecting the Due d'Aumale for General Monck, to seat his nephew, the Gomte de Paris, on the throne. German canards—for the story comes from Vaterland—is as un successful as German wit. The Orleanists are an unpopular party in France—they are the models of irresolution, they would faint at the idea of organising a coup d'etat; were it possible to overthrow the Republic by a lobby intrigue, or a Parliamentary coalition, or by a Guizot system of bribery, a De Broglie respect for constitutional liberty, or a Buffet execution of the law, they would engage in the venture in the twinkling of an eye. They are political Christopher Slys, who, in politics, can throw pebbles on the rails; but to resort to violence—that pro gramme is the monopoly of the Bonapartists. The filet is, there are no conspiracies in France; the Republic is now being respec tably and honorably, administered, and the head of the Cabinet, Jules Simon, is com pelling the extreme parties to obey the in stitutions of the country. The Bonapartists have even ceased to be boisterous, and em ploy no other weapons against the Republic, but bad names. Words break no bones. In proportion as the Ministry displays the cou rage to promote and defend its republican programnie; to act fairly and liberally towards all men ; to assure the good, and to warn the bad, so does the Constitution.be com.e acceptable, as a matter of course, by the nation. It is difficult to muzzle a free press; it is no easy matter to silence, jn France, ap obnoxious "writer. , liochcfort's Droits de I'Honme has .been suspended for six months ; so his partisans here provide him instantly with a successor, The ItadicaL The de parted journal was disgustingly personal, so much so, that not an extreme Republican deputy could be induced to bring the Mi nister to task for employing the arms of the Second Empire to prosecute a newspaper under the Athenian Republic. E finita la musica. The best means to gilenco Roche-, fort is, to not dignify his speculation with a prosecution, and to pardon' all the penitent dupes of the Commune. A vessel is now being fitted out to bring back to France, from N rsw Caledonia,- nearly 200 Communists forgiven by the country; at the same time the remains of the polico massacred in the rue Haxo, pending the Commune, have been exhumed, and placed under a fitting monu ment in the metropolitan cemetery. The Carnival ended on Ash Wednesday morning, when, according to custom, masks and costumes ought to ho bnried before sun rise, and the Sons of Folly to clothe them selves in sack-cloth, to commence mortifica tion by breakfasting on salt cod. During the three days that people wero free to do nearly as they pleased, so far as making fools of themselves, only 760 drunkards M ere arrested. The figures ale not high for a capital of nearly 2,000,000, and when it is known what a small quantity of alcohol steals away a Frenchman's brains. In his caso the lire- water preferred is absinthe, which is the most terrible and abject of in toxicating drinks—the principal instigator of suicides, but, strange, not of other crimes. The poors'-rate levied on the receipts of the varied public masked balls were never known to attain so high a figure as during this car nival. People who thus play cannot be in a bad position. Two new establishments gave children's fancy 'balls, and, in a monetary point of view, with success. There were as many orders of princes under nine years of age as Mr Wallace asserts exist in Russia ; the dukes were as plentiful as under the reign of the Grand Monarch, and the mar quises as tinder that of Louis XV. This assumption of titles by young republican France, it is to be hdfted, will not be misin terpreted by the Cointe do Chambord. Turkey is almost sinking out of French recollection. Midhat Pasha has carried into his exile all the bright prospects of Ottoman reformation. .Sultans, like leopards, cannot change their skin. Even the robbed bond holders count no longer on being paid anything in the pound. It is more a matter of feeling than of belief, that the coming hostilities between Russia and Turkey will be localised. Thcro is | no sympathy for cither of the belligerents in France, and when they have fought so as ! to resemble the Kilkenny cats, Europe can interfere more decidedly to wind up Eastern question. The suspense of the coming col lision weighs more on affairs than would actual war. But all things must come to an end, even the position of the Turk and the Cossack facing one another like a pair of por celain dogs on a chimney-piece. The death of General Changarnier, at S3 years, might have been an expected event since some years, as the bachelor dandy was merely propped up by bandaijlstcs, tailors, , and male Rachels. It is difficult to estimate a man gravely who, at S3, dresses like a'i coxcomb in his teens. The deceased was the incarnation of military and political -vanity. Ho was a capital skirmishing officer in Algeria, by making bril liant dashes at the Arabs; but as for other capacity he had none ; his services were utilised at Mctz to negotiate the capitu lation. In 1S4S he solicited a command to defend the Republic, as " he was accustomed to conquer." It would bo charitable to draw a veil over liis political antecedents : he was everything by turns, and of late was dis tinguished by liis fierce hate against the Republic; lie was the chief puppet in every intrigue against the present Constitution ; lie labored to bring back the Comte do Cham bord, the Comte de Paris, the Prince Im perial, rather than bow to the nation's will. Like Erasmus, he is reported to have had "a Catholic soul, and a Lutheran stomach." He was the most intimate and oldest friend of the Rothschilds, an:l it is the lady-head of that family who>as taken charge of the burial of the bid bachelor; his bed was a truly military one; in iron, narrow, and the mattrass was even composed of rye straw, while his room was simply a mili tary tout : he had his uniform ever ready, as if expecting at any moment to enter on duty. He had the honor to be exiled after the coup d'etat—a crime he un consciously did so much with his royalist friends to promote. He was the life-long friend of Thiers, and when the latter was President expected to receive from him the baton of Marshal; great was his disappoint ment on being refused ; so he turned his arms against Thiers ; was one of the three who intrigued the latter's downfall, expect ing to occupy his place, and could hardly believe his eyes when MacMahon was se lected. It was Changarnier's boast that lie would bury the Republic, and now it is tbe Republic undertakes his obsequies. The French were really pained at the .prospect of Austria's refusal to officially take part in the Exhibition of 1S7S : the ne cessary funds having been voted, the absten tion of the other Kaiser creates neither surprise, and it may be added, nor regret. The works are progressing as satisfactorily as could be desired, and not even the shadow ol a shade of a complaint has been heard respecting the gigautic organisation. This litppy result is due to the exclusion of all private influence, and hence of obstacles and wrongs. At present the visitor can not oniy take in an idea of the vastness of the undertaking, hut also of what its many beauties must be. The result will prove that all has not been done in the matter of World's Fairs. It will not he the fault of the Bishops if religious peace cannot he maintained. Thev seize every occasion to attack tlio representa tives of lay society, so that the breach be tween Catholicism and Liberalism is widenin". The Republicans do not attack, they defend themselves. The Bishops on every possible occasion seek to vilify existing institutions; their pastorals are political manifestations. When ordered to pray for the Republic, they did so while denouncing it, and now in their Lenten charges, instead of confining them selves to the peculiar regulations for passin« the Forty Days, they resume the role of poli° ticians. Thus the Bishop of Angers declares civil marriage to be concubinage, and the children born of that union akin to bastards; he c.ondemns also the law which directs that the children of a family shall enjoy the parents' property, share and share alike. ■ The Bishop of Rodez declares that the mis sjon of the Church is purely one of domina tion, to rule over all people and all lands, while his Grace of Cambria maintains that it is impossible to be a good Catholic unless one be an Ultramontane. In presenco of these provocations the clergy lias the pre sumption to complain that the people are falling away from religion. The contrary would seem to be true. The French people are, unhappily, commencing to see in priests not only political antagonists, but men without patriotism ; and it requires no ghost to come from the grave to announce where the battle will finish, and liow. The French Government in Algeria has adopted an excellent reform. One of the great difficulties in administering that im portant colony arises from the civil emplyOs being ignorant of idiomatic Arab ; hence forth an official's salary and promotion will he regulated according to his proficiency in the local dialect. The sworn interpreters make awful blunders occasionally. Before the Tribunal of Algiers on of these dragomen interpreted "shoemaker" as "locksmith." It is a necessity to set an interpreter to catch an interpreter. Mile. Picrmariui was engaged by M. Pas deloup, the director of the popular concerts, to sing at one of his entertainments ; impa tient to gain her place, she jumped across the railing of the orchestra, slipped, and broke her arm. She took an action for damages against Pasdeloup, who declined the responsibility, alleging he engaged Made moiselle to sing and not to " jump." The conrt decided in his favor. The Tribunal has also disposed of a matter interesting to advertisers and newspapers. A manufacturer of feeding bottles published a puffing advertisement, alleging that by a decision of a court at Berlin, his feeding ap paratus alone possessed a coveted excellence. Ao sucli judgment was ever rendered, so other manufacturers held the journals re sponsible for aiding this disloyal competition. The French Tribunal accorded nominal da mages against the newspapers, but ordered the advertising agent to pay them, as well as all expenses incurred. The complaining manufacturers can still pursue the agent for civil damages, if they can demonstrate having suffered any loss. A. country gentleman came to Paris to witness the ^ carnival, and entered' into con versation with a stranger near the Jfena bridge ; they became friends in a second, so much so that the stranger pointed to the gentleman's top-coat being soiled, and aided tq take it off to be brushed. While in the attitude of waiting to put on the coas again the stranger bolted with it, and the unfortunate gentleman in commencing to run after him was tripped up by a ready pal. ' 'Fke prefect of police has now organised a telegraphic portrait department. Supposing your cashier to decamp—an every day oc currence m Paris before balancing his cash— you have only to present his photo, at the Detective department, and in ten minutes its copy wili be in the hands of the frontier ■ authorities, so that the cashier on alighting will enable the gendarme to soliloquize " on this picture and on Ibis-" Several important arrests have already been made owing to tho discovery. : r M'°rth knowing the opinion of the chief of the detective service on the malady of bolting cashiers. He states he never knew a case of robbery to occur where the cashier was compelled to take a few weeks' vacation every six months. Senator Arago lias a proverbially large i nose. ^ He is an hereditary Republican, and i Royalists swear by his organ, and artists are j loud in their praises of its vermilion color. [ A few days ago he was going to Versailles, ■ and in the same compartment of the railway carriage were brother senators and a lady with an infant on her knees. The child com menced to cry, and Arago endeavored to coax it to be calm, but tho child cried the more. The lady begged he would cease his pleasantry, as she was flying from Paris, her iufaut being terrified with the masks and false noses, so she would he obliged if Arago would remove his, and conceal it for tho re mainder of the journey. There are 4000 bailiffs in Paris) and all are up to their eyes in business. A gentleman committed suicide on Shrove Tuesday in the Bois de Boulogne by blowing out his brains. Instead of bullets, he em ployed ten pieces of half- francs, all the money he possessed, as he stated in bis memoirs. In Italy, the celebrity of the marksmen is said to be owing to their painting the features of their mothers-in-law on the target. The London correspondent of a French journal writes, the most interesting exhibi tion in that metropolis is a man who is adver tised as the only member of Captain Nare's expedition that perspired at the North Pole. Another well- iuformed journal states that, on pancake day, the boarders in the large schools attack each other with the lemons— citrons (sie)—they eat with the cakes. Passage da Jlliin is the name of one of the newly baptised streets in Paris. (Hope the Philistines will not he down on us for this.) 