The Sketcher. To the "Red Barcoo." BY *. *. *. THE "fountain of knowledge" is fed by innumerable streams, the course traversed by each being unknown to the others. Every stream bears its gathered treasure to the brinks, and throws it into a common fount from which all may dip. My stream shall head from the "Red Barcoo." Some one may require a tropical draught; I offer it to him. It is of little interest why I received the "route." When it came, I pondered as to the advisability of interviewing the sun in its own especial province. It was a change; that settled it. I cried, "Westward Ho!" and prepared. Preparation in this very sunny land means, leaving all your clothes, or nearly so, behind, and starting with a steamer ticket and half a blanket. I cannot quite pass over my short steamer trip to Rockhampton, for I might say something original, though the odds are much against it. In the face of a younger generation growing up, which possibly has not read of many steam voyages, I shall write for them, and ignore the veteran who has been sick on every sea and in every language. I was fortunate in being a fellow-passenger with the Bar—or a portion of it—including the Judge. There were several causes celèbrès to be tried in Rockhampton, and if they did not send from Brisbane a real live Judge, they sent one who very nearly was. I think it is Emerson who says that nature mercifully allows us to com- mence decay at the edges, or outside shell. It was so with our Judge. His outside shell was strained, but there was a clear, strong mind shin- ing from those steadfast eyes withal. A peculiarity (only perhaps through not being often noticed) of all assemblages en route, and cast together by chance, seems to be the completeness of social components, to a whole, as a society. A ship seldom sails without having amongst it passengers a lawyer, a doctor, a clergyman, the average English gentleman, married ladies and girls, the snob, the bagman; and so down to Chinamen and goats, lumbering the forecastle. We had women going to join their husbands, others running away from them; and young girls whose charms only required hus- banding to last for ever. Bagmen are men of in- finite variety: smoking caps seem to be the com- mon field on which they meet. If you see a man on a steamer wearing a smoking cap, you may lay five to one that he is an "explorer," as they are called up North. They are a sociable, merry lot of fellows, and there are so many of them that you are sure to find some decent one among the lot. I am a fair-weather bird, and when I go down to the sea in ships the waves are still—in good time be it said. Our first port of call was Bundaberg—a small melancholy town on the Burnett River. Its subdued vitality is occasionally brightened by the issue of a paper which pipes the increasing prosperity of its agricultural surroundings. The nights are rendered ghastly by feeble arrange- ments of light, distributed at vast distances. The accommodation for the public cannot be large, as one steamer filled all the hotel bedrooms. I, being late in the field, had to be contented with a lodging-house, where I might have passed a pleasant night but for the lung rivalry of two, alas two, healthy babes. The following morning the monotonous silence was broken by the roar of cannon; one long Armstrong, throwing about six to the pound, was fired several times to try and induce the body of a man supposed to be drowned to come up and be buried. The hint not being accepted, we went on for Gladstone. Port Curtis is a queen among harbors. If the land around Glad- stone were fitted for settlement, then would Sydney have found a rival worthy of her. The navies of the world might anchor in this lovely basin. Gladstone is built at the mouth of a small creek, with deep water to its very edge. We stayed an hour hung up to a wharf, and were stared at by a few sad-colored inhabitants. One wharf is set apart as a forcing yard, whence cattle are shipped to fill the alien's stomach. Bidding adieu to this sweet sea-desert harbor, we paddled quietly to Rockhampton. The only adventure left us was the privilege of nearly run- ning down a pilot schooner which was anchored in mid-channel. We passed within ten feet of this imprudent little craft, and left her crew gasping at their narrow escape. Rockhampton is laid out like a city—a miniature Melbourne; it brought pleasant recollections to my Victorian soul. A noble esplanade runs along the bank of the Fitzroy, lined with handsome green foliaged Leichhardt trees. The leaves at night are tremu- lous with lovers' vows, breathed beneath their shade into the willing ears of tropical belles. The town is conservative all over: broad, well kept rectangular streets; at night brilliant with gas, and seductive with marts for every kind of mer- chandise—from the modest but much-loved oyster, fat, saline, and luscious, mingling lovingly with pig (wretched name; why not antelope or giraffe?) porter, to gorgeous and latest fashions, roguishly peeping at pretty faces through plate- glass windows. After a pleasant day or two in Rockhampton, I purchased a couple of nags from horse-dealers, relentless in the matter of price, and pierced the west in the Great Northern Railway. This line is not distinguished for pace. The further one gets from the great centres of commerce, the lower the pressure in everything. We averaged about fifteen miles an hour, and reached Dingo Creek, the western terminus, about sundown. The township of Dingo is itinerant in habit, and hangs on the skirts of the railway navvies. The general features are public-houses, dust, and liquor. They cherish their dust in Dingo, for it promotes thirst, which is quenched with much beer. I left Dingo willingly. The journey to Springsure, some hundred miles, is not romantic. There are one or two bits of scenery worth remem- bering. A range in these parts runs as far as it cares to, and then stops abruptly—leaving the appearance of being chopped off square. There is one gorge, shadowed by an immense high cliff perpendicular as the Sydney North Head. Cut clear and sharp from the rock, and guarding the pass, is the most perfect "British lion's head" possible. Tenniel's lion on the cliffs of Dover might have been lithographed from this desert- plate. There is the profile of the lion, sedate in feature, calm, confident, and courageous in ex- pression. The position of the head gave the im- pression that the beast was lying couchant, with the arms crossed placidly. It is a woful pity that such a natural curiosity should be placed where it can be seen by so few. Were it on one of Sydney Heads it would prove the right of Britain to the colonies. About twenty miles from unromantic Dingo I was overtaken by some of the returning wit- nesses from the Rockhampton assizes. The party was now composed of four Australian natives, including myself, one enthusiastic Irishman, whom I shall call Mr. Reckless, and a neophyte, whose name shall be Young Nimrod. Reckless had the feathery brain and light heart of his race, and was a very pleasant fellow-traveller. His vitality was rather overpowering at times; but who is perfect? Not even an Irishman. Young Nimrod was utterly unsophisticated; an innocent and worthy youth, whose mind was filled with ecstacy by the solid properties exhi- bited by his mare and the brilliant appearance presented by his legs, encased in huge antegro- polos. Every now and then he would surge up alongside and say with modest pride: "I say, my mare is not such a bad one, is she?" or, "I say, what do you think of my leggings now?" (they had been altered from very huge to very small). Of course we would assure him that both mare and leggings were not to be excelled. He would then drop behind till the time again ar- rived for the same questions to be repeated, and answered, as before. The country between Dingo and Springsure is depressing to an intending investor. Brigalow scrubs, overrun with countless millions of walla- bies and paddymelons. Black-soiled, dusty, and grassless, those dismal scrubs must have struck terror into the soul of the first to pass through them; still beyond, we knew, lay the Land of Promise, flowing literally with milk and honey; also locusts in tropical luxuriance. Our first halt from Dingo found us half way to Spring- sure. A funny old foreigner and some score of pigs held joint possession of the place. The LANDING PLACE OF CAPTAIN COOK AT BOTANY BAY. THE MAIL STEAMER CITY OF SAN FRANCISCO IN SYDNEY HARBOR. latter superintended the stables, and fought manfully with the horses for their feeds. They were so successful in their raids that I had to subsidise a small boy to wage war with the free- snouters. Empty bottles, urged by the willing hand of youth, prevailed against unarmed num- bers, and the horses fed in peace. The next day we passed over some better look- ing country. When about twelve miles from the end of our day's journey, one of my horses "jinked" his back; the others rode on, leaving Young Nimrod and myself to prod the old horse along in front of us. There was no grass to leave the poor beast on, and I thought that with a little judicious cruelty, and by spending an extra hour or two on the road, I could save both the invalid's life and my own pocket. The "shades of night were falling fast" as we approached the "Village in the hills." Young Nimrod had spent some happy days in Springsure in times gone by. He pointed out to me a huge hill looming ahead: "The town," he said, lies right under that hill; the inhabitants are very proud of that hill." My heart was glad within me, for the cripple was getting un- ruly — tacking across ruts and gliding round bushes with an in- genuity and pertinacity born of the evil one. I applied the sharp end of my stick with fresh vigor, and we reached the hill supposed to be held in pride. Alas! we passed it. Nimrod's bump of locality was at fault. Another hill ap- peared, like the bald skull of a man vanish- ing into the earth. "Springsure lies just under that hill, and they are very proud of it," said Nimrod. "Are you quite sure this time, Nimrod," I asked severely. "Oh, yes; I know now where I am perfectly," answered he. I believed—for the last time. The skull passed behind us. Thirst, dust- born and remorseless, fell on us, and made us its own. I enveloped neophytes and cripples generally in a network of anathemas. The horse darted with vigor, developed by opportu- nity, down dark passes, clothed himself with in- visibility, and behaved generally as a horse al- ways does when you are driving him by himself on a dark night and feel dead beat. Nimrod lost himself; I lost the horse. After losing and recovering everything possible a score of times, a bright twinkle pierced the blackness, and I knew that Springsure lay close to that light, and I was very proud of it. I rushed the staggering cripple along the road to where beer awaited us. I nearly run over some lunatic en- camped in mid-road. He sang out piteously, "I am only a traveller, sir." "Are you?" I yelled savagely; "then you had better clear out or the police will be on to you to-morrow morn- ing for trespassing on a public road." Whether this threat had the effect of sending "one more unfortunate" homeless into the bush, I know not. He stood between the "thirsty one" and beer; he must clear out. Another quarter of an hour saw a man in a wayside inn, sitting on a couch, with a battered but gigantic tankard grasped in his hands. Upheaved beyond the brim of the tankard was foam, suggestive of a beer-wave beneath. The man glowered at any chance passer by, as if he thought him likely to offer £5 for the tankard, and possibly deprive him of its possession. But they did not. They could not have been thirsty. The man's nose sank into the foam, and as it did, peace per- colated through his parched pores, and smoothed the wrinkles from his brow. He took the plain, battered drinking cup from his lips and smiled like a little child. Springsure is so called from abounding springs. Ever-running creeks divided the land, but the kangaroo eats all the grass. Instead of "Ilka blade o' grass keps its ain drap o' dew," it was "Ilka blade o' grass keps its ain kangaroo." The frontages to the creeks and every plain were covered with these silent but accomplished grass- eaters. About twenty miles from our western palmyra we came on the Barcoo Downs. From out of a most miserable brigalow scrub, of the meanest grazing capacity, we entered on smiling plains, rich with lusty, succulent Mitchell grass, and delicate, sweet-flavored blue grass, beloved of all herbicora. Night saw us in Tambo, from whence we recklessly sent telegrams to friends, as being an easier mode of communication than writing. I am sure there can be no one in the world with curiosity so misdirected as to wish for a descrip- tion of Tambo. Most of these little inland town- ships are blots on the fair country which sur- rounds them—they hold bread in one hand and death in the other. With Tambo we leave the cable which con- nects us with civilisation. The magic wire goes no further west. Two months should see it to Blackall; seventy-five miles further. The posts are carried previous distances—sixty miles— soon to be eighty. As grazing country, the open Barcoo Downs are charming. It has been very dry for a long time, but the grass is strong and healthy yet. Two days take us to Blackall, and the witnesses begin to scatter to their homes, and I am left with only Reckless and Young Nimrod. We start about noon one day, after I have purchased two fresh horses. Reckless, mounted on a spirited mare, feels that he is the man for Galway; his heart is light, his mare eager. The saddle-pouch bulges under the benign presence of the "patent civiliser," James Hen- nessy, encased in his ancestral bottle. The next day I parted regretfully with my friends of the road. My course now lay direct down the frontage; Malvern Hills, Avington, Isis Downs, and Ter- rick Downs are successively passed. No grazing country in the colonies surpasses these splendid Downs. Cattle and sheep are ready for market with a rapidity which startles themselves; they revel in magnificent grasses. Not a waste acre is to be seen. Shady clumps of trees are dotted everywhere over the plains. The water is good, as it need be, for the climate is hot. There are some handsome trees and woods along the river. Some of the latter should make valuable cabinet woods, such as bauhinia, sandal wood, and dead finish. The bauhinia is the handsomest and shadiest tree on the Barcoo. It is covered with a dead-red bloom. The boughs droop, forming a most seductive sun-shade; the wood is very dark in color, and is said to be hard, like ebony. The wood of the dead finish is blood-red and very tough, as are the boughs and twigs—which bend but never break; they spring like whalebone and scratch like cats. The white laurel in bloom is very pretty. Solundilla, Louisa Downs, and Mount Marlow come next on the south side of the river. Mount Marlow home station is built on a stately hill, rising some fifty feet above the level of the plains. Rolling downs extend for miles, covered with rich grasses and bright pebbles. The pebbles on the hills are very beautiful, and rare collections of crystals, cornelians, and agates might be made with but little trouble. Opal is found in the ranges which bound the Thomson and Barcoo; I saw several samples during my travels. An amusing description was given me of the pro- ceedings of the first discoverers of opal at Spring- sure. The lucky finders secured their ground; then there was a rush, and claims were pegged off north, south, east, and west. The excitement was tremendous. Opal swells, whenever they met, shook hands and congratulated one another. During the copper fever I have had my hand shaken some thousands of times by frantic co- partners in a duffing claim. The publicans, fore- seeing a rich harvest, laid in many cases of cham- pagne, and lay in ambush. A splendid stone, showing opal freely, was set up in the principal hotel, and worshipped like the "golden calf." They gave dinners, and cut the throat of, or de- capitated with the ever-ready sheath-knife, every bottle in the land. They devoured all the fowls and their eggs. The fatted calf became extinct. Then they said: "We will go and gather a few millions from our mines, and pay for these things." A rock was selected as the lode, but it defied pick and shovel, wielded by the unskilful bushmen. They put in a mighty blast which must have blown everything to the devil; but though they searched much, no one ever saw any more opal. They then returned to town, sold their substance and paid their hotel bills, which made them both sad and poor. As this is merely a legend from the fertile brain of a friend of mine, I beg the heroes of the opal mines to forgive me. From Mount Marlow to Sedan is twenty miles. Sedan is the place where poor Welford was mur- dered by the blacks. He lies in a neat grave, iron-railed, and with a marble headstone. This was the story of his death, as told to me on the spot:—Welford was very friendly with the blacks, treating them with great kindness and consideration. As usual, he paid the penalty with his life. He and one of his men were fell- ing a tree on the bank of an immense water- hole, about a quarter of a mile from the hut. Encamped on this waterhole was a large mob of blacks. Wel- ford was assisted in his work by a civilised black, who had been at one time in the native police. This man's gins subsequently confessed that it was he who had concocted the murder, promising the Warrigals immunity from the native police, and un- limited plunder. The man working with Wel- ford left him to get water from the hole. Welford was resting and wiping his brow when the civilised black cut him down with his own axe; as he fell, a spear was driven through him. They then attacked the other man coming from the water; he was a young active man, and from the signs of struggling must have fought des- perately for his life. Armed numbers against one unarmed man ends but in one way, and he went down in that saddest of all struggles —when a man fights without hope. When the bodies were found they were both in the water — Welford with only two wounds, the other frightfully mutil- ated. The murderers paid the usual penalty, and the reprisals ex- acted were very severe. The actual insti- gator of the murders was never accounted for. The blacks say that they killed him for deceiving them, but this is very doubtful. However, the old Mosaic law was carried out, and "blood for blood" in full measure poured forth. I was speaking to a resi- dent about this occurrence, and asked him if he knew Welford. He answered, "No, but I have seen him as plainly as I see you now." This was his story:— "I was sent to take charge of some cattle at Sedan not long after the murder, and I lived in the hut which had been his. About a week after my arrival, accompanied by a black, I was look- ing for some strayed horses. As we rode along this boy said to me, 'Baal you frighten sleep long a hut?' I said, 'No; what for?' He answered, 'Mine been see Welford go longa hut last night.' I laughed at him, and took no notice of his story, putting it down to blacks' supersti- tion of 'Devil-devil.' That night as I lay in bed in the hut, with a bright moon gleaming in at the open shutters, Welford walked into the hut, and stood looking at me from a distance of a few yards. I saw him stand there looking as much in the flesh as you do now riding by my side. His face was as white as death, and a deep DONORS HILLS, GULF COUNTRY. BRINDISI, FROM THE SEA. wide gash traversed his forehead. His hair was wild and blood-bedabbled. He moved close to me and said, 'Where are my cattle?' I gasped out, 'On Powell's Creek.' The apparition then turned and walked slowly out of the hut. 'And now,' said the narrator, looking pale at the re- collection of that 'night of his life,' 'I would not take the station and live again in that hut.' " The man who told me this was a young, strong, bushman, not one at all likely to be the subject of morbid fancies. If this is not a true ghost- story, not mine the fault. The physique of the natives of this district is wretched in the extreme, their food bad, and their clothing—nature's. Stamina cannot be expected in a race whose food consists of pig- face, nardoo, and box-tree seed, mussels and roots. They also eat a curious tuber which they dig from the mulga scrubs; the native name is "coolaburree." It is very like a sweet potato, succulent and pleasant tasted. They also cut large fat locusts from a plain bush; these they call "coomburdu." Missionary labors would be uphill work amongst these tribes. The waterholes from Sedan to the junction of the Barcoo and Thomson are of great size. There is one 150 yards wide, twelve miles long, and very deep. No drought can affect the water here. A fair-sized yacht might be sailed on one of these vast reservoirs. You may now imagine me at the junction of the Barcoo and Thomson waters, each honored with the name of "river." It is evidently only brevet rank, for their confluence forms Cooper's Creek. I seat myself on a stump at the junction, and look north, south, east, and west, over a tract of pastoral country which must yet make Queens- land famous. The Barcoo is about 350 miles long, with scarcely a waste acre from end to end. There is the immense extent of country repre- sented by Cooper's Creek, the Thomson, Dia- mantina, Aramac, Darr, Herbert, and the new river—the euphonious "Eau Mulligan." What a noble heritage' to bind to civilisation with a railway. At present the country is land-locked. For hundreds of miles the country is as level as a map—formed for rails. Here is pasture land of equal, if not greater extent than Riverina, wasting its incalculable productive powers for want of land carriage. Half, if not all, the labor-howls against alien labor would be silenced by a meteoric railway flashing through these ex- haustless prairies. A railway should repay the outlay, by diverting streams of gold into the land revenue. Pasture land would become so valuable here that stations would be made free- hold, instead of being rented at low rents. Surely the American policy is best: send the railway ahead of civilisation, and settlement and perfect development of resources are simultaneous. Millions of Victorian money are only awaiting this to be sown broadcast over north-west Queensland. A railway would recapture the trade of the Bulloo, Paroo, and Warrego—now enriching Victoria and South Australia. There never was a better opportunity of connecting the mouth and hands with the stomach and lungs of this Imperial land. But it should be done quickly. Lose no time choosing the route; the shortest route is the one. Shortness means cheapness, and the intervening country is pretty evenly settled. I must come off my stump; it tires me; and shall go home and return with both pockets and my hat full of money, and I and my friend the parson will travel together to the "Red Barcoo," in the "Great Western Railway." 