FRANCE. A VISIT TO LOUISE LATEAtT. Monsignor Silas Chatard, Hector of the American College in Rome, when on his way from Borne to America, lately took the opportunity of visiting Louise Lateau, Tho following is an extract from his letters to friends in Rome, in reference to this visit :?— ' On the evening of the 8th February, 1877, I reached Manage from Paris, and immediately walked over to the village of Bois ? d'Haine. I went to call ut-on the Cure, M. Niels, to whom the Rector of tho Belgian College at Rome, Right Rev. Mgr. Van den Brandon de Reeth, had been good enough to write in my behalf. Tho worthy Cure' was very kind, and received me into his house, saying he wag sorry I had not I come earlier, as he had just come from visit ing Louise Lateau and I could have accom panied him. Two young French priests arrived at the same time, and arrangements wero_ made for seeing the ecstatic 'of Bois d'llaino on the morrow. Sho was to receive Holy Communion at about half past six o'clock. We were ready in the church at a quarter past six next morning, and the Cure very considerately asked me if I wished to take her the Blessed Sacrament. I thanked him, and after receiving the Pyx with one Host, I started accompanied by the two priests above referred to, MM. Chabe, Prin - cipal of the College of Roubaix, and Gillett, one of his professors, the former with the lantern, and the other with the bell. After ten minutes' walk over the meadows, we came to the modest habitation of the servant of God, and , found there several persons, women, sisters of Louise, and one or two of the friends of the family. The usual prayers were at once said, during which the hard and anxious breathing of Louise was audible. She was lying in ben, not needing any one in the room, though at the c Ecce Agnus Dei,' M. l'Abbee says she slightly opened her eyes, and turned her head towards the Blessed Sacrament. When the Host was presented to her she turned her head a little towards It, and opening her mouth, put out her tongue, and receiving the Sacred Particle, closed her mouth, and remained perfectly quiet. She is not aware of what goes on when she receives, every thing material being, as it were, done for her, or spontaneously — her ecstatic condition beginning and reaching its perfect state when she communicates. Her hands had been covered with a clean linen cloth, so that on entering we could not see the bleeding1, which had begun the night of Thursday and Friday. As she was perfectly insensible we were able to take off the linen cloth from her hands, and examine them at our leisure. They had been bleeding profusely. I pub the candle close to her right hand, and holding the light in various positions, was able to distinguish well the defined lines of the wound, just such as a nail thrust through the hand would form though the flesh in the centre of the hand was not wanting. The blood was oozing out and trickling down the back of the hand, as also from the palms. Wo left her to return at ten minutes past two o'clock. Afc the appointed hour we were assembled at the door of the little house, about a dozen in all. After waiting until Louise had passed into her state of ecstacy, the Cure ushered us in and and gave me a seat next to her at the head of her bed. She lay on her back, her eyes fixed and wide open, i looking at some objects that, invisible to us, absorbed her. The pupils were largely dilated, the eyelids closed and opened as ordinarily, by spontaneous action. One could see her eyes moving quickly from side to side with the quick motion of one taking in a variety of things going on in the vicinity, one of the other. The expression of her face varied rapidly, at one time expressing slightly joy or pleasure, mostly compassion. concern, or horror. Occasionally she would slightly rise, extending her hands, then sink back as if exhausted. Towards the end of the ecstacy she fell back, her arms out stretched, her mouth opened, gasping, her eyes glazed, with all the appearance of one about to givo up the ghost. During this trance a number of interesting experiments were made. Any priest who put his hand' near her, over her face or hands, caused her to smile with pleasure, though her eyes always remained the same. Persons not priests or women, when they did the same thing, could not produce the same effect. Relics had a still more marked effect, likewise sacred objects and prayers. At the Magnifi.-' cat, she oat up with an expression of joy on her face. A picture unblessed wau- not noticed by her; not so tho same picture after; it had been blessed by a priest. At three o'clock the tranco ended. I was the only ! ono permitted to remain to see Louise come J out of it. It was painful to give her the i trial. But for the good of others I waited to \ witness what occurred. She came to ' suddenly. I sat at tho foot of the bed look ing her full in the faoe. Her expression was that of surprise and embarrassment ; she looked at her hands and seeing them un~ covered, sought for the napkin that had concealed them, and which had been removed after she went into the ecstasy. She seized the sheet, and finding that was not what she wanted let it go, and found the napkin or towel, which she raised to her eyes as if to wipe them, and then let ifc fall go aa com* pletely to cover her hands. All this was the work of an instant. I said to her : ? Que Dieusoit avec toi, ma fille ! U vous a donne bien des graces— the Cure told her who I was— Est-ce que vous series contenfce d'etreprivee de toutes ces choses ?' She replied immediately : c Oh ! Oui, Monseig neur, de toutes leg chosea exterieures.5' The whole of this sceno was marked by a simplicity and naivete that had all the sign of truth. She hid her hands in such a way as to prevent the impression that she was hiding them, letting fall the cloth from herface upon them. Her reply was without hesitation, and marked by humility and & desire of union with God—' De toutea les choses exterieures.' What she wished for was the essential thing, union with God — ? les choses interieures.' I had looked for some such answer, but not for one which so. completely covered the whole ground. After a few words more of conversation, in which she, in answer to a question, expressed how glad she would be to see the Holy Father, if that were possible, from a sitting posture, she fell back on her pillow and began to show evidence of great suffering, both by her breathing and expression of countenance. At a word from the Cur6 I retired after asking' Louise to pray for the work I had in hand, and for myself, saying that of ourselves we could do nothing, but that the grace of God was our strength, a sentiment to which she gave very earnest assent. Thus ended my personal relations with Louise Lateau. ? 