\\!v.;,, (Ffow the Bti tlano Papers.) ?? ? -' . Bombay, April 8. A Cabinet Council Is being held at Stambout ;o deoide what course to take with raforence to* ;he European protocol. The. decision of Turkov is anxiously awaited. It is rumored that th» Porto h-w resolved to open negotiations with Russia. Melbjurmb, April' 6'. A burglar, while nukin« a dortye attflmot to rob tl-e Post-dflico at Eohwca, wa)iiiHbV'ikt and wounded by the koupor, otid flsptUf- td. ? ??'-.... SYOHKV,Aprii7, There has been a vory large inoroase io th« number of cases tried at quarter BMtions, win. ? ?cipally laroenies. The woman who olaimod £8,000 und«r: . second will of the late Mr. Han,qock, and which has been decided by the Courts to be a forgery declares that the ghost of Haucook appoKed' o her two nights baok apparently in. fir«&t; griof. AprillO. The Queensland Court, about the centra of tho main building, ia vory tastefully arranmd and is attracting oonsideMblo attention. * ' The gold specimens from Gympio and other parts of Queensland are much admired, u tn aotne oxcellout photographs showing the paitortl mining, and geological features of Queonilanil, ' Lat«. The Governor complimented Quoousland pa its splendid dipplay. (From the OhronidiiA Bbmiune, April 11. . Tlie third mate of the Brisbane being, 'fs. ported rather feverish, alto has been refuted pratique uittil to-morrow. ?; ? I*Ur. ^ Tho Brisbane won released from quarantlas s- to-day. Mr. Angus jMackay nuthoritetirly iiinoDnw* himself a candidate for Aubigny. ? A firo at Ipswioh destroyed the premlMrof Carran, drapor and grocor ; Shine, grooer, and Drysdalp, plumbor. The whole of the land offorod by auction 'to. day, at Dulby, with tho exception of 1200 acroi, were purchased by Boll and Sons at the upset price of 30a. an acre. Sydney, April 19. 20,000 peopln visited the exhibition yest«r- day. A woman named Miohie, living at Parraroitta, was burnt to death while in bod, through her olothea catching Bre, Her husband, beino ? cripplo, was unable to assist her. A draughtsman nnmod Bnrgeag, employed in %he Survey Offico, was run over by a cab and killed. ... MeiBOTJXjhs, April 11; One of tho passengers per Bangalore bu b*» found in tho city suffering from imkll-pox, which has caused great excitoinent. [The cut has since been pronouncod to bo chicken-pox.] 