A latter-of-Fact Romance, ? BY CHARLES HI- ADI:. His return was greeted by SfclnneT mtii aeigb of relief, Ilardie hoard it, interpreted it angbt, and .sent for him into ths parlour; and there tola aim with a great affection of frankness what he had done; then asked significantly if there was any news at Albion Villa. ? Skinner in ibdIv told Mr. Italia of the distress lie had witnessed up at Albion Villa ; ' and, sir,' said he, lowering his voice, ' Mr. Alfred helped to cany the body up-stairs.— 3t is a nice Uie.cs alto gether, sir, when you come to think.' ' Ah ! all the better,' was the cool reply ; ' he will be useful to let us know what we want; he ?will tell Jane, and Jane me. You don't think he ?will live, do you ?' . ? Live ! 110 : and then who will know the Jmoney inhere?' 'Who should know? Didnotliesay helisdjuft lauded, and been shipwrecked P' Shipwrecked men do not bring fourteen thousand pounds ashore.' The speaker's eyes sparkled ; Shiuuer watched him demurely. 'Skinner,' said he, solemnly, '1 believe my daughter Jane is right; and that Providence really interferes sometimes in the affairs of this world; you know how I have struggled, to saveruy family from disgrace and poverty; those struggles have failed in a great degree ; but lleaveu has seen them, and saved this money from the sea. and dropped it into my very hands to retrieve my for tunes with. I must be grateful ; spend a portion of it in charity ; and rear a noble fortune on the test. Confound it all!' And his crestfallen countenance dio'tvcd some ugly misgiving had flashed on him quite sud denly. ' What, sir ? what ?' asked Skinner, eagerly. 'The .Receipt!' . CHAPTER IX. ' The receipt ? oh, is that all r you have got that,1 said Skinner, very coolly. ' What makes yon think fo ?' inquired the other, keenly, lie instantly suspected Skinner of having it. ' Why, sir, I saw it in his hand.' 'Then it bus got to Albion Villn; and we arc ruit'd-' . ?S6,'-P°»EIr ? vou won't hear me: I am mre I saw it l.'1'1 out of- his hand when lie was taken ill ; aud, I tlm1'5-uut I won't be sure, he foil on it. Any way, there WB8 nothing in his hands when I delivered bin*' at Albion Villa : so it must be horo ; 1 dare say you .bove thrown it into ;i drawer or ?somewhere, promiscuously.' ' No, no. Skinner,- 6aid Mr. Ilardie, with increas ing alarm; 'it is useJsss for ub to deceive our selves; 1 was not three jninute in the room, and thought of nothing but g&tting-; to town and cash ing the bills.' He rang the bell sharply, and on Hetty coming in, asked her what she had done with that pajpor that was on the floor. ?Took it up and put it on flie table, sir. Tliia was it, 1 think.' And she laid her finger upon a paper. 'No, no !' said llr. Ilardie ; ' the one I mean waB much smaller than that.' ' What,' said she, with that astonishing memory for 'trifles people have who never mid, 'was it a. little crumpled up paper? Jying by the basket?' 'Yes! yes! that sounds like it.' ' Ah, I put that into the basket.' Mr. Ilardie's eye fell directly on the lia^tatf, lr.it: it was empty. She caught his siancc, and told him she had emptied it in tlio dust-hole as usual. Mr. Hnrdie uttered an angry exclamation. Betty, an old servant of his wiib's, resented it ?wlifi due dignity by tossing Iier iiead as she re tired. There is no help for it,' aaid Mr. Ifardie, Utterly : ' wa must go and gruu in tbu dust-holo now.' ?' Whv, sir, your name is not on it, after all.' ' 'What does that matter? A man is bound by the net of his agent ; besides, it is ray form, nud jay initials on the back. Come, let us put o good face on the thing.' And he led the way to tlio kitchen; and got up a little lough, and asked the (tCfiQi»ry nittitf if she could show Jfr. Skiuner and uimthe dust-hole. She stared, but oboyod, and the pair followed her, making merry. i The dust-hole was empty. The girl explained ; ' It is tlie dustman's day ; lie came at eleven o'clock this morning and carr'd all the dust away ; and grumbled at the vmperand the tones, he did. Sol told him beggars uiusn't be choosers ; just like his impudence! when h« Sets it for notliiug, and sells it for a mint outside the*o\vn.' The unwonted visitors left bur in dead uilence almost before she had linished her sen tence. Mr. Ilardie sat down in his parlour thoroughly ?litcomposed ; Skiuner watched him furtively. ? At last the former broke out; 'T.hisisthedevil's doing ; the devil in person. Xo intelligence nor ability can resist such luck. I almost wish we had never meddled with it ; we shall never feel safe, nertrbesafe.' Skinner made light of the matter, treated the receipt as thrown into the sea. ' Why, sir,' said lie * by this time it will have found its way to that monstrous heap of ashes on the London road ; mid ?who will ever look for it there? or notice, it if they find it ?' Hardie shook his head ; ' That mon strous heap is all sold every year to the farmers. That Keceipt, worth £14,0U0 to me, will be strewed on the soil for manure ; tben some farmer's man, or farmer's boy that goes to the Sunday-school, will lead it, see Captain Dodd's name, and bring it to Albion Villa, in hopes of a sixpence ! a sixpence. Heaven help the man who docs n doubtful act, and leaves damnatory evidence, on paper, kicking about the world.' , From that hour the cash Ilardie carried in his fcosom, without a right to it,* began to blister. He thought of telling the dustman he had lrrt a paper, and setting him to examine the mountain of ashes on the London road ; but here caution step ped in ; how could he describe the pnper without awakening curiosity and defeating his own end? He gave that up. It was belter to let the sleeping dog lie. Finally, he resolved to buy security in a world where alter nil one has to buy everything ; so lie employed an adroit agent, and quietly purchased that mountain, the refuse of all fiarkingtoii. But fie feit so ill used be paid for it in his own notes ; by this means the treaty reverted to the primitive form of barter ;* ashes for rags. This transaction ho concealed from his confede rate. ? When he had completed it, he was not yet secure ; for another day had passed, and Captain Dodd nlivo .etflC' lion often reroVcr from apoplexy, especially when they survive the first twenty-four hotirc. Should he live; he would not now come into any JriandAy arrangement with the, man who had so jiwly caused his death. So tben good-bye to the mitrimofeial cdmbimi'tion-'Hnrdie Jind at first re lied on to patch liis debt to Alfred, and bis broken fortunes. Then as to keeping the money and defying Dodd, that would be very ?difficult and dangerous; mercantile bills are traceable things ; and criminal prosecu tions awkward ones. He found himself in a situation be could not eee his way through by any mental effort ; there were so many objections to' every course, and so many to its opposite. ' lie walked among fires,' as the Latins eay. But the more be pondered on the course to be taken should Dodd Jive, the plainer did tins dilemma stare him in the face ; either he must refund, nr fly the country with another man's money, and leave be hind him the name of a thief. Parental love, and the remains of pelf-respect, withered nt this thought; and with these combined a. sentiment less genuine, but by no means feeble; the love of reputation. So it was with n reluctant and sick fceart he went to the shipping office, and peered at Uie posters, to sea when the next ship sailed for the United States. Still he did go. Intent on his own schemes, and expecting every day to be struck in front, he did not observe that a man in a rusty velveteen coat followed him, and observed this act; and indeed all his visible acts. Another perplexity -vas, when he should break. There were objections to doing it immediately ; and.objectioDs to putting it off. With all this the man was in a ferment ; by day he eat waiting and fearing, lij- night he lay sleej-- lesa and thinking ; and, though his stoical coun tenance retained its composure, the furroivs deepened in it, and the iron nerveg began to twitch at tunes, from strain of mind ana want of sleep, and that rack, suspense. Not a nigbtthat he did *Or excbwcQ ol commodities without the -Ud of! money; ?a Homer, tna Welsh Tillage?, pwioi. not awaken a dozen times from his brief dowse ?with a etart, and a dread of exposure by. some mysterious, unforeseen, means. . 'it is remarkable how truths sometunes flash on men at night in hours of nervous esratement} it was in one of these nightly reveries Dand DoaQ s pocket-book flashed back upon Mr. HanUe. lie saw it before his eyes quita plain, and on tt-c i in side of the leather cover a slip of paper P***1; and written on in pencil or pale ink, be could *ioi recal which. ' Whnt was that writing ? It might be the numbers of the notes, the description of ths buls. Why had he not taken it out of tile dying man's pocket. ? Pool ! fool !' be groaned ; ' to do anything by Another' night lie got a far severer slioe^. Lying in his bed dozing, and muttering at' usual, he was suddenly startled out of that uneasy slumber by three tremendous knocks at the street door. lie sprang out of bed, and in his confusion uinde EUio the officers of justice were come for uim, he began to biiddld on hi= clothes with a vague notion of (light. He had got on hi? trousers and slippers, and was looking under his pillow for the fatal cash, when lio heard himself called loudiy and repeatedly by name j but this time tlio sound came from the garden into which liis bedroom looked. Ho opened it very softly, in trepida tion and wonder, which were speedily doubled by wlint met bis eyes ; for there, right in front of liis window, stood an unearthly figure ; corresponding in every particular to that notion oF a ghost in which we are rearer!, and wliicb, when ouranerves are healthy, we can ridicule as it de serves ; but Boniphnw it. is never cleaned out of our imagination so thoroughly as it is out of our judg ment. The figure was white as a, fheet, anil reeniftd supernaturally tall ; mid it cried out in a voice like a woumled lion's, ' Vou villain ! you Ilardie! give me back my money ; my fourteen thousand jwundf. G i ve me my children's money, or may your children die before your eyes ; givu me my darlings' money ; or may tlioetemal curse of God light on you uud yours, yon scoundrel !' And i lie figure kneeled on the grass, and repeated this terrible imprecation almost in the same words; that Ilardie shrank back, and, resolute as he was, cowered with superstitious awe,. liut this sentiment soou gave way to vulgar fears: the man would nlanuthe town. And in fact llr. Ilardie. iu Hie midst of his agitation, was dimly conscious of hearings, window open softly, not very far from liim. lint it was a dark night. He put His head out in great agitation, and whis pered. ' Hush ! hueh ! And ill bring it you down directly.' Internally nursing his hard fate, he got the fatal cash, put oh his coat : Imnied for the key of tlio Dank parlour, and, having found it, -went softly down the stairs, unlocked the -Inor, and went to opin the ehuttcrp. At this moment hisear caught a lnurnmr ; a low lju;:?.iMg of voices in tlie garden. He naturally thought that Capt:iin Dodd was fix posing him to some of the townspeople ; he wns puzzled what to dn ; and like si cautious man as he was, remained passive, but on the watch. 1'raffjitly tlio voices wore quiet, and he heard footsteps come very slowly towards the window at which he stood, ami then make for tho little gale. On this ho slipped into the kitchen, which laced the strert,itti'l got to a window there and listened. His only idea was to catch their intentions, if pos sible, and meet them accordingly. He dared not. open the window ; for above him on the pavement he saw a female figure half standing, half crouch ing ; but soon thtrt figure rushed wildly out of his sight to meet the fotttstens, and then he ventured to open the window, and, listening, ho heard cries of despair, and a young lieutbroUcn voice say her firtlierwasdfiad. ' Ah I— that is all right,' muttered Uardie. ™Still even , this profound egotist was notyetso hardened, out that he felt one cb ill of horror at himself for the thought ; a. passing chill. He listened and listened ; iind by-and-by ho heard the slow feet xecominuuce their journey, amidst sobi and fitglis : and thoso sorrowful feet, and thu sobs and sighs of his causing, got fainter and fainter retreat*), and left him in 'quiet possossion of tlio fourteerV thousand iwunds lie. had brought down to give it up; two niinutesngo it was not worth as many jieiice to him. He diew a long breath ni relief. * It is iniue ; I am to keep it. Jt is the will of Heaven.' 1'oor Heaven I He we8$ fr ft* Vc' a; ' '*'?' ani* ty n r68°'ute effort coW»O3^-i'Wmse:.', .iud determined to sleep. And in 'iJMf'lip -*as Jll£t dr0PPiuS oi!', when suddenlygg gfai'ie'a vaJ« awake again; for it re curred to K|p f irtdly that a window in his house had upafienvwliilo JJavid was citing him and demanding his children's money. Whose window Y Half a dozen people and more slept on that eide of the house. Whose window could it be :' 3fc walked among iires. 