? CURIOSITIES OF CORONA- TIONS. ALTHOUGH our specific object is to give a familiar account of the more or lesB remarkable events which have taken place at, or in connection with, the individual coronations of English sovereigns, it may be as well to perface it with a few remarks on the arrangements attending their coronation! in general, as a little light will thereby be thrown on some of the expressions met with further on. During the times of the Plantagenets and the Tudors, and with the Stuarts until the coronations of James II., it was the custom for the sovereign to take up his residence in the Tower of London for a short period, previous to tlie day of the coronation. On the Saturday preceding that ceremony, he went in procession from Westminster to the Tower of London, on which occasion he was accompanied by large numbers of the nobility and civic dignitarieB, and also by those squires upon whom the honour of knighthood was to be conferred, Each of the latter (who watched their arms that night) bad a room assigned to him, and a bath iu which to bathe, and knighthood followed the next day after mass. The queens who jeigned in their own rights, Mary and Elizabeth, although they condescended to gird the rwords on their knights with their on 1 !) h.<udf, did not give the actual accolade or blow (some authorities gather from the derivation of this word, ad and collum, tbat an embrace was originally given) which is the determined action that impresses the character of knighthood. At both of these coronations this office was performed by Henry, Earl of Arnndel, and a oopy of his appointment may be found in llymer's workB, Commencing with the reign of William the Conqueror, we will now proceed to note those coronations at which something out pf the common has occurred, and the crowning of the Norman king furnishes us with the first anecdote. When William had tBken the coronation oath to protect the Church, prohibit oppression, and execute judgment in- mercy, Archbishop Aldred put the question to the people, " Will ye have this prince to be your king?" They replied with loud shouts of assent, and the uproar thus created,, led the Norman soldiery to believe thnt the English had revolted; whereupon, without waiting to make the least investigation into the matter, they immediately set the neighbouring honses on firs. The flames gave rise to a general alarm, and a great part of the congregation hastened nut of tbe church ; the EngliBh endeavouring' to Btay the progress'of the fire, and the Normans seising the opportunity to plunder The bishops aud others taking part in'the -ceremony, who remained within the church, were-thrown into such a state of confusion" that they-were barely able to go through the;' offiee «r crowning the king; v.iWilhani ;percalving the tumult- ind .not. being, able • to- ^conjecture its-.cause, w*s > naturally. jnuo)i , perplwed- and sat ,trembling befpre fhe altar., amount qf damage mu^one by She j ipj If $ » long and bitter enmity between the Normans and the Eujjliah, »ji Svephgn's co|-obntlon, seeing that he had previously jtworq aHegianhe^ to'-' tty'evEmpress Matilda, wait viewed., with .h considerable auiount of ati'xietjv aii'd ourioiiity; for in thCBe days.-it. 1 ,'was js'ominooly - believrd ithkt the punishment' of "perjury was visiblrt and immediate. William, Archbishop of Canterbury, performed the ceremnny, and it is atr.trd that a violent, storm, nryse, throwing the assembled party into such Hire confusion that the consecrated wafer fell to the around, the kiss of peace WaB omitted, and tbe final beoediotion of the archbishop altogether forgotten. The corouation festivities of Richard I. iudireotly gave rise to a sanguinary ,nnd disgraceful riot. A large nnmber of Jews had come to England during the previous reign, where they were allowed to live in peace by that liberal and enlightened monarch Henry II. Naturally grateful that such an unusual favour should benccorded them, they met together in London for the purpose of subscribing amongst themselves in order to present Ilichard with a valuable gift on the occasion of his coronation. Unfortunately for them, Ilichard Was weak enough to liBten to some vf the bigots by whom he was surrounded, who assured bim that the Jews were in the habit of practising their magic arts on kings during the time of their enronation ; and the result was the issue of an edict strictly prohibiting any Israelite from being present during the ceremony, or making an appearance at the royal palace during the subsequent coronation banquet. However, more curious than prudeut, a goodly number of Jews mingled with the crowd that gathered round the palace gates ; and one of them, attempting to force his way in, received a blow in the face from an over-gealons Christian. Thif was quite sufficient to arouse the fanaticism of the mub, and a general attack was at once cominenced upon the Jews, who fled with all speed towards the city. Some miscreants, only too glad of the opportunity for plunder, spread a rumour that Richard had given orderB that the unbelieving Jews should be exterminated, and as such an order was by uo means unlikely when the king was a crusader, it was soon implicitly believed. The London mob, aided by tbe people who had arrived from the country, proceeded to attack the bouses of the Jews; but the inmates defended their habitations with much courage, and the assault proved abortive. Finding that they could not gain admittance to tbe houses, the populace threw brands ADd torches through the windows and on to the roofs, with the result that conflagrations burst forth in all directions, consuming a large number of houses, both Jewish and Christian. Tne king ordered the apprehension of tbe ringleaders, and they were hanged, as a salutary warning to others ; and after this the Jews were taken under royal protection. The only memorable event attending the corouation of John was the speech of Hubert, Archbishop of Canterbury, which was aa follows : " Hear all men I It is well known to your wisdom that no man hath any right of succession to this crown, unlesB he be elected for his own merits by the unanimous consent of the kingdom, with invocation of tbe Holy Ghost, after the manner and similitude of Saul, whom God set over His chosen people, though he was neither the son of a king, nor Bprung of a royal line; and in like manner after him, David, the son of Jesse : the former because he was brave, and suited to the royal dignity, the latter because he was humble and pious. So tbat he who surpasses all within the realm in fitness for royalty, should preside over all in dignity and power. But if any one of the family of the deceased sovereign should excel others, his election Bhould be the more readily and cheerfully conceded. Wherefore, as our late sovereign Richard died without issue of his body, and as hiB brother Earl John, now present, is wise, brave, and manifestly noble, we, having respect both to his merits and his royal blood, unanimously, and wich one accord, elect him to be our sovereign." Subsequent events proved that John was not quite such an estimable personage as this speech would lead ue to believe, Henry III. wan crowned at Winchester in 12111, London being iu the possession of tbe French Prince Louis. He was compelled by the Papal legate to do homage to the Holy Roman Church and Pope Innocent for his Kingdom of England and Ireland, and to bind himself by oath to pay an annual tribute of 1000 marks to the Papal See. His queen Eleanor wai crowned in 1236, and Holinsbed gi vsb the following account of tbe ceremony:— " At the solemnitie of this feast aud corouation of the quene, all the high peereB of the realm both spirituall and temporall were present, there to exercise their offices as, to them appertained. The citizens of London were there in great arraie, bearing afore hir in solemn wise three hundred and three score cups of gold and silver, in token that they ought to wait upon hir cup. Archbishop of Canterburie (according to bit dntie) crowned hir, the Bishop of London assisting him as his deacon. The citizens of London served out wine to everie one in great plentie. The feast was plentifull, so that nothing wanted that could be wished. Moreover in Tothillfields roiall juates were holden by the space of eight daieB together. Of the coronation of Edward I. the same chronicler remarks :—" At this coronation were present Alexander King of Scots, and John Eule of Bretaine, with their.wives that were sisters to King Edward. Tbe King of Scots did homage unto King Edward for the realme of Scotland, in like manner as other the Kings of Scotland before him had doone to otber Kings of England, ancestoures to this King Edward. At the . solemnitie ' of this coronation there were let go at liberty (catch them that catch might) five hundred great horsses by the King of Scots, the Earles of Cornewall, GloCester, Pembroke, Warren, and others, as they were alighted fro their backs." Au enormous crowd gathered to witness the coronation of Edward II., and we are informed that "there was such presse and throng at this coronation, that' a knight, called Sir John Bikewell, was thrust or crowded to death." The bishops did . not fare much better, and they were forced to hurry through the service in a very slovenly and disorderly manner. A very curious medal was struck on the occasion of the coronation of Edward III.: on one side it bore the effigy of the young prince, crowned, placing hiB sceptre on a heap of htarts, with the motto, Poputo datjuravolenti (He gives laws to a willing people); and the reverse represented a hand held out to save a falling crown, with the motto, ITon rapit, sect recipit (He -seizes not, but receives). The coronation of Richard II. surpassed iu magnificence any of the preceding, and the usual procession from the Tower to Westminster is thus desoribad : "The citie was adornedinallsortsmostricblie. The waterconduitsranwith wine for the space of three hours ogether. In tbe upper end of Cheape was' a oertain castell, made with foure towers ; ,oiit of the which castell, on two sides of it, ran forth wine abundantly. In the towers wefe placed foure beautiful virgins, of stature and age like to the king, apparelled in white vestures, in every tower one, the which blew in the king,s face, at his approaching neere to them, leaves of gold; and as he approaohed also they threw on him and his horase counterfeit florens of gold. When he was come before the caEtell they tooke cups of gold, and," filling them with wine at the spouts of' the. castell, presented the same to the king and to his nobles. On the top betwixt the' foure towers, : stood a golden angeil, 'holding a crowne in his hands, which was so contrived that when the king came 'he bowed downe, and offered to himtbe crowne. In the midst of -the king's pillace was a marble.pillar, raised hollow: unon ateni. on Jthe -ton whereof was-a < great . :gilt"eagle plaoedi-jinder whose feetm-.the ohapiter <of the pillar, divers kinds -of wines oame'suihing forth«t fovre-severii places call- the jdate long, neither was ante ^trbldden to reoeirejthe «Mne. ,were]ie n6ver «Q,pooror ubiept ^ :fljMWnea-.by Arohbiahop ^ii?.aUn:oh ;lie 13th of October, 189,9, the ampulla being first employed on this occasion, The.prnpfjgijbn was ununuslly epl^udid, nnif Proimart r.glyes the fnllnwfyie. interesting; account of it:—" The Duke of jjancastiir lef^ t^ie Tower thi* Sunday after diiiner, on, Ms Return lo Westminister ; he wa^vbare-headed and liad round- his neck the Order of the Kiuc; of France. Thfe Princo of Wales, six dukeft, six earls, eighteen barons, accompanied Ltin,, «nd.-Uinrfl wwe cl knighta -and other nobility from eight to nine hundred horse in the procession. He passed through the streets of London, which were all handsomely decorated with tapestries and other rich hangings; there were nine fountains in CheupBide and other streets he passed through that ran perpetually with white and red wines. The whole cavalcade amounted to six thousand borne, that escorted the duke from the Tower to Westminster." The coronation of . Henry VII. was not characterised by anything special, but that of bis queen, Elizabeth, in 1487, was remarkable on account of the procession by water from the palace af Greenwich to the Tower, intead of from Westminster as usual. One of the processional barges carried an extraordinary figure in the shape of a monstrouB red dragon, from the mouth of which streams of fire gushed out into the river. Bluff King Hal may be passed over with the remark that his coronation was celebrated with brilliant "justs and tournies," which that monarch and his queen viewed from " a faire house covered with tapes trie." Of Edward VI., Holinshed informs us: " He rode through London into Westminster with as great roialtie as might be. • ... • As he passed on the south part of Paule's Churchyard, an Argosine came from the battlements of Paule's Cburch upon a cable, being made fast to an anchor by the Deane'e gate, lying on his breast, aiding himself neither with band nor foot, and after ascended to the middest of tbe cable, where he tumbled and played many pretty toieB, whereat the king and the nobles had great pastime." When at the coronation the three swords typical of the three kingdoms were brought to be borne before him, Edward remarked that there was yet one wanting,' and called for the bible. " That," said he, " is the sword of the Spirit, and ought in all right to govern us, who use these for the people's safety by God's appointment. Without that sword we are nothing: we can do nothing. From that we are what we are this day. . . . we receive whatsoever it is that we at this present do assume. Under tbat we ought to live to fight, to govern tbe people, and to perform all our affairs. From that alone we obtain all power, virtue, grace, salvation, and whatsoever we bave of Divine strength." Mary was the first female sovereign of this country, and she was crowned on the 1st October, 1553. The Arohbishops of Canter bury and York both being prisoners in the Tower, the ceremony was performed by Gardiner, Bishop of Winchester. As usual, St. Paul's Cathedral made a considerable show on the day of the procession,, and amongst the curious Bights to be witnessed was " one Peter, a Dutchman, that stood on the weather-cock of Paule's steeple, holding a streamer in his hand of five yards long, and waiving thereof, stood sometimes on the one foot and shook the other, and .then kneeled on his knees, to the great marvell of all poople. He had made two scaffoldB under him, one abont the crosse, having torches and streamers set on it, and another over the ball of the crosse, likewise set with streamers and torohes, which could not burn, the wind was so great. The said Peter had sixteen pounds, thirteen shillings, four pen6e for his oostes, and paines, and all his stufle." It is said that Queen Elizabeth oomposed the following prayer as she went to her cornonation:—O Lord Almightie and everlasting God, I give Thee most hearty thanks that Thou haBt beeue so mercifull nnto me as to spare me to behold this ioifull daie. And I acknowledge that Thou hast dealt wonderfullie and as mercifullie with me as Thou didst with Thy true and faithfull servant Daniell, Thy prophet, whom Thou deliveredst out the den from the crueltie of the greedy and roaring lions. Even so was I overwhelmed, and only by Thee delivered. To Thee, therefore, onelie be thanks, honour and praise, for ever. Amen." James I. superintended the arrangements for his own coronation, wherein he displayed many marks of the pedantry and extravagance which formed so prominent a feature in his character. He created two earls, ten barons, sixty- two Knights of the' Bath, and conferred the honour of knighthood on no less than.four hundred gentlemen. His successor, the ill-fated Charles I., was crowned twice—in 1626 in England, and in 1633 in Sootland. The Presbyterians having invited Charles II. to Scotland, he was crowned at Scone, January 1, 1651. A very extraordinary sermon was preached on this occasion by' " Master Eobert Dowglas, minister' at Edinburgh, Moderator of the General Assembly, from 2 Kings xi., verses 13— 16." He delivered a bitter philippic against the parents of the young king, and went so far as to compare his mother' to the wicked Athaliah. After the ceremony was concluded "the minister spoke to him a word of exhortation," being, in fact,; an oration of considerable length. Tbe only incident worthy. of note in . connection with the ooronation of James II. is that, on the king's return from theAbbey, the crown tottered upon his head, and would have fallen off had it not been for the iimely aid of tbe Honourable, Henry Sidney,]who hastened to support it, saying, *' This is hot tbe first time our family have supported the orown!" . , t ...... At the coronation of William and Mary, the Bishop 'of London officiated' instead'' of the Arohbishop of Canterbury;'the latter objecting to place tbe crown, upon'the'head of sovereigns who claimed it by. a parlia- mentary title, and not by hereditary descent. This was the firBt occasion on whioh both king and qneen were orowned as sovereigns, Anne's coronation was a very proBBio affair, and the actual kiss of peaee was only given by her Majesty to the archbishop. ftnd other prelates. George I. was not acquainted with tbe English language, and very few of those near him knew anything of German; the ceremonies attending his coronation tad, therefore, to be explained to .him, tlirough the medium of each,Latin as',those around him could miister. This. circumstance., gave rise to a jest which was very .pqpuiar for some time afterwards, to the effect that muob bad language had passed between the king and his ministers on the day of ^pronation. ' Nothing ooourred at the coronation of George II. and hia queen Caroline to give any variety or interest to tbe soene; btrta curious anecdote exists concerning that of bis successor, George HI.. We give an pitraot from the " Gentleman's Magazine?' for 3L7f»4, which contains the copy of a letter addressed to, the Duke of Devonshire" The Young Pretender himself was in Westminster Hall daring the coronation, and in town'two or three days before and {after it, under "the name pf Mr. Brown. A gentleman told me.sp, who saw him there, and who whispered in his ear, 'Your Boyal Highness is the last of all mortals whom I should expect to se'e here.' It was curiosity that .led me,' said the other, but I assure you,' addedhe,' that the person who is tha cause of all this pomp .'and mag; nificence is the man I envy the least 1*". When the ganntlet was qast down Ijy the: champion for the last time, a white glove f611 from one of the Bpectators, who was 'in on elevated podtion.' TblaSrha dnly;.h^ided to, the champion, wlio demauded to know.' 1 who was bis fair foe Jt iB said'that "thi (dove was thrown down byttie'y6mg''|^eyflierI who wae preeent in feminjne attirp. ' ' j , In ooncl uding this paper ther£ remains one wieh to be uttered—it iB tbat many years-may pass away before the oocasion arises for our chrpniolers to hnsy .themBelveB with the particulars of yet another tootming I Xhb BibihhiAoh •of Jtass Bwows.—' •Canard sron Castle. 