TO TnE EDITOR OF THE DAILY NOBTHEBN ABQDS. Sm,— Some men walk in' thoir sloop, others dream with tboir eyes open ; I am ouo of tho . latter ; I dreamed that I was flying in tho air, riding on tho rolling blast of tho galo. I wended my way up tho Spriussuro Road. I came over mountains, hills, dalos and brigalow sorubB. I thought I saw tbo habitation of man. Quiok bb an arrow Bhot from heayon I descended on tho yerandah, I looked up and raw Hotel marked upon the door. The door i soemed to opon as if by magio without any i isible aid; behind tbo countor stood a man. I thought I hod seen the .individual boforo. I soon re cognised him as my old friond Dan. The last time we had met, tbo door did not open by magio, bnt had a hoavylook and bolt outside. Presently a figure appeared outside holding a bottle in its band, I draw back in tho corner ; my blood beoame oold, my hair stood like the quills of a poronpino ; I know it was tho ghost of Sam Rose. I looked at Dan, ho stood in terror, tbowordsfellfrom Mb mouth "Holy Mary proteot us." I am . permitted, said the spirit, to visit for a short period this oarth ; I havo oomo from tho laud of the doad tq remind you of deeds that aro past and to toll you that justioo will find you at last ; holding tho bottlo tip in liis loft hand, " do you know this f " Dan lookod at tho bottle, " yes, I know it. I learned to mako that compound in Van Dioman's Lund.'' .That compound, said the spirit, has robbed mo of my tnonoy, it has driven mo mad to tho _Anglo, and ray bones aro bloaohing on tho ' .Tfnrath. I lookod at tho clock that was tioking 'en tho wall, tho hour-hand pointed to 1 o'clock, ths cook crowed, tho spirit fled. Still it cried with a load voioo—" wayfaring mon and travellers bowuro of Dan's compound;" I awoke and behold it was a dream. Now for tho reality : — Some fow woeks ago a man of tho uamo .of Satnuol Roso, oatno to a publio bouso on tho Springsuro-road with soma amount of money in his poBsessiou, and four horsos, amongst tlieih was the well-known raoe- horso, Harpoon. Ho oommonoed to drink for somofow days, and mysteriously wontamissing. No ono knew where he went to, and no ono «oemod to oaro, leaving his horses and property holiiad, whioh are still in possosaion of tho publi can. Tho authorities would ho doing tho publio a justioo if thoy would look after bush publio housos and shanties. Ploaso Sir, insert this in tho columns of your voluablo journal. I am, yours, &o.;, ' DREAMER. 