CATALOGUE OF ANGLICAN BISHOPS. The favourite theory of High churchmen is, that' the British Church was planted by Apostolic hands; 'that it was duly organised under bishops, priests, and deacons, long 1 be fore the Church of Rome 'Attempted to extend her jurisdiction to Britain ; that Romanism was subsequently superinduced upon the ancient .church, aud uucanonically controlled it; for several centuries ; and that the Reformation was nothing more than the old British Church throwing oft' the Papal yoke, and resuming the plenary possession and exercises of those powers -.which liad by compulsion been .held tor: a time in aboyance... , - /; To establish the links in .ihis-ohiuuirte' ments is simply impossible. , . Indeed,' /jtheJiyery Jurau ui uncut la aeu usiuo- uj 'uibuuiji«uo of the .Church England herself, \ e. </.,(- Bishop Short andr Professor --Burtoii.ijj We| obser ye, indeed,that : a newspaper, correspohdentw the. other:-'. day.!iSet!rforthithe;,;-'-,latter!:a8 having' positively:; asserted y.-that-:./ Christianity Vwas;-in- troduced -into Britain by; the; Apostles. . So ..far from that he; says, in his;.-,wqrk,;qn..the " First Three Centuries We; , need ;not bolievo the tradition; concerning;; the first,; conversion ; of Britain ;-:and-it is,right to. add; that ;the earliest writer ; who< speaks of Britain , as having; been visited by: any; of the Apostles, is Eusebius, , who, wrote at the.- bogining of the ./buri/i, 'century,.: ' and -the-ieavjjer -writer, whose name , St. .Paul, is Theodoret,' who lived-. a century later," ebe, 'indeed;; as an'honest.,man,,:cou?ti!.lie liavo said ? ' , . " ) ' : Then, l as. to the existence. of prelates in . the early British .Church, no proof , lias ever; been attempted, beyond what, is., vto-bo founddn the ' fact-that certain " bishops " from Britain were present at the Councils of Aries and.Sardica, in the -fourth century. That v.. these " bishops" were diocesan,", and . not,-, as in the .early churchi 'Ipresbyter bishops," is not proved, but simply assumed. The. absurdity of - this has been already, shown. . r , u , Even, however; if tho point were conceded, it -would avail nothing, to , the advocates- of an iui; broken succession'' Stillingfleet', in' his- Oriyincs Britannicae, .admits -that . there .is nothing but presumption, in . favour, of such' .. a. . succession. " By the loss of -.records of :the.Bi- itsh. churches'" he'says, 1 " we cannot draw down the succession by- bishops from the Apostles' (time.!;. (p.'./77,) And :.Inett, in liis continuation . of -Stillingfleet ; when (dealing with the period!. 7S5rS00i : makes the following statement (p. ,200.).',,"Iu ( short .the successions of the bishops, (oftiie'See of Lichfield are loaded with so.mahy difficulties, that i that . learned author wlio' laboufed s successfully in things of to say that the difficulties of succession ' in that Sep were invincible, and yet the exact time! of dividing the Province of Canterbury (is not to be ascertained but by settling tbej succession in that See of Lichfield on which it does chiefly depend." _ ; , ' Of old, . some High j Church writers sought to . escape such difficulties by finding a second, /string to their bow in an alleged succession ' through the Culdees.- So far as we are aware, -that' line is now generally abandoned. For it has been proved incontestably by Jamieson and" it McLachlau, and more- recently, and even ; thoroughly, ' by Ebrard, that the Culdees of Scotland and Ireland .were Presbyterians— that . 'their " bishops " were but " presbyters," who could, of . course, confer no higher order than ,they. themselves possessed, so that all who were ordained by them must have been; as to order, . presbyters only. A fact, which, of itself, destroys the whole High CJiurch claim, for it admits of ample, proof that there is a largo infusion of orders derived from the Culdees even in the Roman' succession. High Churchmen are thus shut up to claim succession through -the Church of Rome exclu sively. We do not enter oil the historical aspects of that claim. Lord Macaulay's 'deliverance regarding it, as. quoted by us a fortnight ago, is more than sufficient, although .'very much more might be added. Nor do we say anything as to the moral aspects ' of it, except to express our surprise that Dr. Moor- house, should have made so little of these as he has done, in liis controversy with Mr. Pepper corn. We aro sure he would; reject with loathing relief , as that avowed iiy at least one High Church writer- that .Jadas retained tho plenary powers of the Apostleship, even after his betrayal of the Saviour. But we wish he had made it plainer that he does not hold, without limitation, the principle that ecclesiastical acts performed by wicked men aro nevertheless v.ilid— a principle which, apart from _ such limitation, is at once at variance with Scripture and abhorrent to reason. As to Scripture, the matter is settled by tho words, " that he may take part of this ministry and apostleship, from which Judas by transgression fell. And as to common sense, we need say nothing to any one who is familliar with the records of tho Papal See. As Calvin says, these " are too polluted to be unrolled." The decrees of Councils, indeed, faithfully Carried out would have involved the utter destruction, a thousand times over, of such a succession as is pleaded for. " One thing I assert," contiuued Calvin, " which it is not in their power to deny, that there is scarcely one of the Bishops, and not one hundred of the parochial clergy of the present day, who, if sentence were to be passed on his conduct, acording to the ancient canons, would nrtf. Ko laatif flonnoofl his office. . . Now lot all who fight under the standards, and auspices of the Roman See go and boast of their' sacerdotal order. It is evidnt that the order which they have is not derived from Christ, from hisApostles, from the Fathers, or from the ancient Church." We do not think it needful, or for edification, to go further. The whole theory of apostolical descent as involving a succession of individual ministers ordained in every instance, and regularly ordained by prelates — multitudes of whom have been simoniacs, debauchees, thieves, and murderers (language not a whit too strong, as every reader of history knows) yet possessing the power of transmitting the Holy Ghost— is too outrageous to require, or even to admit of serious refutation. There is indeed an apostoli cal succession— if by that he meant a trans mission of .what the Apostles taught and instituted in the Christian Church. As all the Reformers held (see Dr. Buchanan on Tract- arianism, pp. 25, 26), there is a succession of Divine truth transmitted from the Apostles in the , imperishable record of Scripture ; there is the succession of Divine ordinances, the preaching of tho Word, the administration of ordinances, and -the .exercise of . discipline, which have their warrant' in the word, and liaye been observed with greater, or less purity ; from the appstolic age !tiTl! now /there, is ' the , succession of the Churclij'/therbody .of .Christ, tke society of the faithfiil,!inciudirig,airiii overy age and country who have' been ihered7.mto. his'; fold :.. and, fihally,/ ,there is a .ministerial succession . or the ' stated; ministry ;. of the Church's office- hearers, which will continue till tlie end of the world./.They receive their message from the Word, ' their commission from Christ, their inward! call 'from the Spirit; their outward call from the Church, the congregation of ther faith-, ifuh/ . .But, ;; when/ we, , speak ; .of ministerial, succession', .we. must ever guard against a fallacy .which ' Has' of ten been /- exposed by - Episcopalian wntersj' 'andVby none more felicitously , than. by the late Archbishop of. Dublin.", . .. , .. f.; " iffiho faliacy," > says Dr.- u Whateiy,- ; in; (his Mnejdoni; of Christ, " .consists.; in confounding together the' unbroken', apostolical | succession- of a t, Christian ministry generally, , and ; the-same succession in;an, unbroken line. of thisi .or tliat individual; minister, v. The existence of, such/, an orderpf men- as .Christian ministers continuously from -the times, 'of ..the/ apostles - to this'.'day,; is .perhap.S;.,!as -cpinpiete;;a.nioral, certairity as ..any historical- fact can.:- ;be, - because .-.(independtly Koi : i the . various incidental (notices . by -historians of sucha clasS iOf persons) it is plain that if/ at, -the presentiday,- or. a, century, ago, (or ten, centuries ago, i-a/i number of meu . had . appeared -,in the world- professing (as ; our clergy do now); to, hold a recognised . office in .a!; Christian - Church, to which/ they , had been, regularly appointed: by others/whose predecessors had; in like manner, held .the, same, , and so on from the i times of -the apostle3— if, '. I ay, such/ a .- pretence ; ; had cbeen put /forth, by a, setof; men, assuming anoffice which no ; one had ; sever heard of before, it is plain that ,tliey.wonld:at;once liave been refuted and exposed.; ; And this will apply equally-to each successive generation of-Christian ministers, till we come up to the time when the institution was confessedly new, i. e., to vthe . time, when , Christian ;mmistersii were ,, appointed/ ;by:, .the apostlps,1 who professed themselves oye-.witnes- , ses of'the resurrection, we have , (as; Leslie;. -has (remarked) a standing monument.in the .Christian j -ministry, of - the/fact ? of- -that event as having | been proclaimed immediately after the time .when it was said to have occurred. , - . .. ( d/i But if each man's Christian hoppis-made to rest on his recemng the Christian ordinances, at the hands of a' minister to whom the sacra mental virtue that gives efficacy to those ordinances' has been transmitted, in unbroken succession, -from hand to hand, every thing must depend on that particular minister ; and /iis claim is by no means established from' our merely establishing tho uninterrupted existence of such a class of men as Christian ministers." ' ' Tlie Church of England - rests the claim of ministers, not on some supposed sacramental virtue transmitted from hand to hand in un broken succession from the apo$tles, in, a chain, !of which if' any . one link be even doubtful,- a distressing uncertainty is thrown on all Chris tian ordinances, sacraments, and Chnrch -privileges for ever ; but on the fact of those ministers being the ' regularly appointed officers of a' regular Christian community."' Beyond question this is the teaching of the Articles of the Church of England and of all her. great divines at the Reformation and for gene rations thereafter. It is the- doctrine also of all the other Reformed Churches. We trust that 1 we shall have no teaching of another sort from any'of tlie Churches in this Colony.' '"'Nothing,', says Bishop Hoadly, "has so effectually thrown contempt upon a regular succession of the ministry, but what was uninterrupted, and the making the eternal salvation of Christians to depend on that uninterrupted succession, of which the most learned can havo » tlie least assurance, arid the ririlearned can have no notion but throuerli icrnorance and credulity."— Southern Cross. 