TEE REBEL'S ESCAPE. AN INCIDENT OP '98. IN TWO PARTS. PART I. BY D. M. MAGIIX. Ireland, in the memorable year when so many of her sons lost liberty or life for a too practical adherence to certain political principles, owned few children more genial and generous than Conn O'Riley, a gentleman of some pretensions to position in the County ot Kerry. He was a man whom it would have been very difficult to dislike, and though quick of temper was wont to make the most ample and speedy reparation for offence given or injustice done owing to this slight infirmity. He was most profuse and ungiudging in his hospitalities, and such wa6 the trust the people had in his justice and the respect they entertained for his person that he WPS a favourite with the peasantry as well as with these of his own station for miles around. The Irish of those days had a partiality for " ould stock," which seems to be rapidly dying out like all other dreamy ideas under the light of hard modern fact. Conn O'Riley belonged to a very old family, and lived in the same mansion which in a much less pretentious form had sheltered one of his name far in the past when England's King and ex-King fought at Anghramand the Boyne. Not a little of his popularity was traceable to the charitable actions in which his amiable wife and her daughters were constantly engagfd. When has Ireland been free from a load of poverty and affliction P If ever, certainly not in : 98. There was widespread starvation added to the other troubles of that je?r. What the poor people did not lose at the hands of military foraging parties was destroyed by other agencies. The crops were poor, and those who depended upon the small iaimers for a living were consequently reduced to a deplorable condition. In the midst of the distress Mrs. O'Riley and her daughters were thoroughly at Lome performing those numerous nameless offices -which in Ireland, perhaps more than in any other country, have created and maintained an interesting attachment between the middle classes and the peasantiy. The country people vied with each other in their endeavours to show kindness in return for that which they received, and Carrigmullin, the neighbouring village, which was inhabited mostly by bis own workmen or cotters, rang with praises of Mr. O'Riley and his family. But, as we have said, those were very troublous times; and the people were bound together by more than the ties of friendship—by a bond of brotherhood which then linked a large proportion of the Irish population; and which was entered into by some owing to the misfortunes that military visitations subjected them to, and by others after a long-suffering endurance of official bungling. On the rebel side much occurred in those days which all must deplore, but it is hard to look back upon the times without feeling conscious that with a more enlightened Government, such as we have at the present day, the occasion for many deeds then done would never have arisen. The United Irishmen, who had Lord Edward Fitzgerald at their head, were in strong force in the various counties, and the work of secretly manufacturing pikes, distributing arms, and exercising in order to attain to military proficiency was carried on with a boldness which was astonishing considering the vigilance ot the loyal yeomanry and the English soldiery which were quartered in the towns and villages. The Government had had many intimations of the existence of an extensive organisation. Pikes had been discovered more than once or twice in the old churchyards, and a few weeks prior to the date at which the events we are about to relate occurred two hundred men had been surprised while drilling at night not many miles from Dublin. A fight had ensued in which a few of the soldiers had been killed; and five of the leading rebels who fell into the bands of the military had been hanged on a roadside tree in the most summary manner possible even under mpj- tial law. Very many residents in Kerry had had the torch put to their homesteads, and domiciliary visits from parties of soldiers at the most uncertain hours of the day or night were experienced with unpleasant frequency by persons suspected of complicity in the plots of the times. Mr. O'Riley played an important part in his district in the organization of a branch of the secret Society which was headed by Lord Edward Fitzgerald. He occupied amongst the United Irishmen the rank of colonel, and in an out-of-the-way valley upon his property was to be seen on moonlight nights putting a considerable body of men through movements with which his military friends had made him well acquainted. He had, however, observed the greatest caution in these matters. Every means had been taken in order that no eyes but those of friends should look upon these nocturnal parades, and even Mrs. O'Riley was unaware of the tremendous risks which her husband was running. It was early in the spring of the year. The day bad been cold and bleak, such as is common in Ireland at that season. The evening meal at Tullygormand was over; tie heavy shutters had been carefully barred, and the dc.ors as carefully locked; and while the servants assembled in the dimly-lighted kitchen to tell stories of witches and ghosts, or recount the latest atrocity of the times, the O'Riley family were seated around a blazing fire in a comfortably-curtained parlour, engaged in various occupations according to taste. Mrs. O'Riley's pretty little black oak spinning-wheel purred at one side of the semicircle in front of the fire. Her eldest daughter busied herself with a desci iption of fancy work then fashionable, while the younger knitted at a pair of ccaise meii's stockings. Mr. O'Riley, in his armchair opposite to his wife, paid as much attention to an old volume on military evolutions as was possible with two of the younger members of the family amusing themselves in the capacious seat behind him, and clambering over his shoulders. His large silver snuff-box and coloured ailk handkerchief lay beside him on tlie arm of the chair, and while the youuger_ hopeful endeavoured to open the box and spill its contents his more elderly companion amused himself by trying to loose the riband with which his father's queue was bound. Mr. O'Riley was evidently a very easygoing man, and with a word of remonstrance at intervals he read on, and conversed occasionally with his wife and daughters upon various i topics. n " Will you require your own horse to-morrow, Conn, or are you not going from home," asked Mrs. O'Riley, addressing her husband, after she had sent his disturbers to bed and secured peace. " I hardly think so, dear; do you intend going to Drumnock?" " Yes." " Then you should be on the road early and back before the night falls. Some very violent proceedings have taken place there of late. You had better take Rody to drive you—it will keep him out of mischief. By-the-by, where is Rody?" " I think he is in the kitchen, father," said the girl, who was knitting, looking up from her work, " Corny Lynch is there making them all wonder with his stories of what he saw in Dublin." ^ „ . " Humph, that fellow will never cease talking about what he saw in Dublin. Between what he saw and what he imagines I expect he'll astonish old Bridget. That trip to Dublin seems to have quite turned Corny's head. I think next time I go there, if I should ever see the place again, I must select some one else for the service." " I'm sure, father," said Kate, as she went on with her knitting, " you might look a long time before you could get a servant so faithf ul as Corny, if he is a little gosiipy and fond of magnifying what he has seen. And what is more, he is a thorough Irishman into the bargain." Mrs. O'Riley allowed her wheel to slacken its pace for an instant as she looked enquiringly into Miss Katey's face as if for aa. explanation of her enthusiastic remarks. That was nou, however, the mother's intention, as she was well acquainted with Kate's character, and knew that she often spoke out on behalf of iier numerous favourites, of whom Corny was one, when she thought they were in the least undervalued. " What do you mean about Corny being a true Irishman, Kate ?" said Mrs. O'Riley. " We all know he is Irish. You surely don't require to tell any of us that." "I mean that if papa were molested by any of these prowling soldiers Corny would stand by him. I know he has no love for them, and that is why I said he was thoroughly Irish." " My dear, you talk foolishly," broke in Mrs. O'Riley, while the head of the household seemed confused at his daughter's words. " Your father has nothing to fear from the soldiers. Though the country is disturbed I am sure he has too good a name to be suspected of being concerned with the unfortunate people who are plotting." Corny was, sure enough, in the kitchen, the centre of an interested group. Mrs. Bridget Lonergan, the cook, who was queen of that region, had ensconced herself in the cosiest nook of the cnimney corner. Several other inmates and a couple of the labourers sat around the •irele, which included Master Rody O'Riley, a boy of twelve, and one of the most interested listeners to what Corny had to tell. " And did they raaly let the heads stay there, Corny?" asked Bridget during a pause in a conversation, which had been some time proceeding, as she built the peat fire up afresh, and in doing so sent volumes of sparks in all directions. " The divil a lie in it, Biddy. There they wnr, six of'em, all of a line, aich on the ind of a pike. I axed the soldier that was thrampingup and down as bowld as brass mountin' guard, and he towla me they had been there more nor two months." " Lord rest their sowls, what times they must be liavin' up there, surely," and Biddy devoutly crossed herself. " Poor young boys, and all for their counthrv." "But Lord bless us all," continued Corny, "that was not-hin'to the stir there was at the hanging of Tim Blake—him that was taken for helping to laud the firearms from the French smuggler. Divil a lie Fm tellin' you, but I thought I never would see the ind of the people in the street forninst Bridewell that mornin', when the cart came out with the poor boy in it to the gallows. The priest was beside him, and I seen his mother, poorowld sowl, cryin' wid her heart like to break, behind the cart " " Musha, what's that, Biddy?" The enquiry came from one of the men who had been listening very attentively to his travelled neighbour. The interrogatory had been drawn from the questioner by three or four heavy knocks which sounded at that moment on the door leading to the yard. The country was so troubled that few sat down in their houses after nighttall without every door being carefully bolted or locked, and a summons such as this was not likely to be heard with complaisance. "The Lord presarve us and be good to us, Corny, what can they want at this time, and of a night liLe this,too?" asked Biddy,as she took the short black pipe she had been smoking out of her mouth, and looked enquiringly towards the dark passage that led to the door. The personages who made up the group at the fire peered into each other's faces as if mutually seeking for information. The knock was repeated, and then a voice called out— " Will ye let me in av' ye plase, Mrs. Lonergan. I've something particular to say to the masther." "That'sDan Conolly, as Put livin'sinner," exclaimed Corny as he proceeded to the door evidently reassured by the voice, and let in the new comer, who advanced towards the fire and asked to see Mr. O'Riley without delay. " Won't you draw in a chair, Mxsther Conolly. Sure, an a rough night it is to be afut," said Biddy. " True for you, Mrs. Lonergan; people 'ud be better at home this night," was the new comer's reply, but he did not accept the offer. Dan was the blacksmith of Carrigmullin, the only person who plied that trade for miles around. His forge was consequently visited by people from all parts of the country, and the latest gossip was always to be heard there. He was connected with the movement in which Mr. O'Riley was engaged, and was an important personage in it, owing to the favourable posiiton he occupied for gaining a knowledge of passing events. Mr. O'Riley made his appearance at once in the kitchen, and advancing to meet him Conolly in a low tone made him acquainted with the startling intelligence that some one belonging to their body had confessed and delivered to the Government papers which implicated the leading men of the county, and that a small body of hussars were on their way to effect Ms arrest. "And how did you become aware of this, Dan?" asked Mr. O'Riley, as a look of deep concern settled on his brow. "Sure then, they called at Pat Malone's shebeen, and he sent his son Dick as fast as his legs could carry him to tell me." " It was very thoughtful of both him and you, Dan, I am sure; I " " Oh, no matther, Sir; I only hope it is of use; but you may depind upon it there's no time to be lost." " I hardly know what to think, Dan; but if our plans are discovered I suppose it would be useless to bring our friends together. My only course will be to get out of the way." " If you value your life, Mr. O'Riley, don't stop here. Take a fool's advice and get your horse saddled at onc't. Them mounted men won't stop long at Paddy's." " Thank you. Dan. If you would whisper~a word to Corny he will saddle my horse, and I will say a word or two to my poor wife and children. They little know the trial that is in store for them." Mr. O'Riley re-entered the parlour, but with a very different look upon his face from that which it wore as he went out. His wife at once divined that all was not right. "What is it, Conn," she exclaimed, as she arose from her work mechanically," are you ill ?" " No, dear, I am quite well; but I have had a message which calls me away suddenly, and BO I fear I must start as soon as possible " "To-night, Conn?" " Almost immediately, dear. There is no help for it, but I hope my absence will not be for long." "Oh Conn! Conn!" she exclaimed, with doubt and fear pictured in every feature as she rushed to her husband, and encircled his neck with her arms, " I see that something dreadful has occurred. What can it be, Conn? Oh, do keep us in suspense." The situation was one of the utmost difficulty for Mr. O'Riley. He had kept his wife and family in total ignorance of his belonging to the United Irishmen, and knew not how to break the Tinwelcome news that he was being hunted for treason. The painful duty of explanation was, however, saved him, for even while he hesitated the clank of sabres and the tramp of horses were heard without, followed by a thundering knock at the door. Mr. O'Riley instantly concluded that there was no time for further concealment, so he informed his wife as hastily as possible that he was beingsought for arrest, and must endeavour to escape. He had sent to prevent any one from opening the door; but indeed he need hardly have taken that precaution, for the servants were never too hasty about drawing bolts in those tioubled times. Mr. O'Riley, as maybe imagined, was not long in preparing for flight. TTis sword was buckled on. a long cloak and slouched hat were donned in an instant, and with a pair of pistols such as were commonly carried in those days in a traveller's holsiers he departed by a sidewindow, after having first kissed his wife and children, and tried to give them a little comfort. " Can we not raise the country people, father ? I am sure they would do anything rather than have you taken," said Kate, as she wrung the parental hand. tt My brave girl," he replied, looking into his daughter's face, on which he saw the appearances of a steady purpose, " I know they would; but it is not safe. It would only place all in danger instead of one. And besides, I am not caught yet. Your mother must keep them in parley ; good-bye and he was gone. Orders had been sent to Corny to take the horse round to a gate at the back of the orchard without loss of time, and to this point the fugitive proceeded with all haste. After three knocks by the unwelcome visitors each louder than that which had preceded it, Mrs. O'Riley opened an upper window, and with, as much surprise as she could feign at a moment which was to her so awfully real, enquired what was wanted. The moon was wading through thick stormy clouds, but with even the dull light which she shed it was easy to discern about a score of horsemen drawn up within a few yards of the house. A trooper was dismounted at the door holding his charger by the bridle. In answer to the enquiry one who appeared to have command rode forward under the window and touched his hat. " Very sorry to disturb you, madam; but we wish to see Mr. O'Riley on business that ism-gent." " I am sorry if your business is really important," replied Mrs. O'Riley, " for my husband is not at home. He left home this evening, and it is hard to say when he may return." " Sorry to hear it, madam, as our business was pressing. offence is intended, I assure yon ; but we are here in the King's name, and you: will have to allow us to satisfy ourselves of what you say. You had better open the door." "Canyou not come in the morning," Mrs. O'Riley asked, thinking to gain a little more time. " We have all retired, and your coming in will give everybody in the house a fright. My husband might return in the morning." "Cs»n't help it, madam; my orders are peremptory. We must get in, and if you refuse to let us in we shall be obliged to break the door open in the King's name." There was no help for it. By this time Mr. O'Riley, she hoped, would be in the saddle, so assuring the sergeant that she had no desire to refuse to admit him, Mrs. O'Riley proceeded downstairs. The group in the kitchen, who had been joined by the two Miss O'Riley's, were talking eagerly and in low voices, and when one of the workmen saw Mrs. O'Riley go along the passage heat once followed, and asked if he should open the door. She was glad to have him near, and so advanced with him, and withdrew the bolts. The sergeant entered, followed by three of his troopers, their heavy tread and the clank of sabies on the flagged hall still further arousing the dogs that had awoke from their sleep by the kitchen fire at the first knock, and now were with difficulty restrained. " Very sorry, I assure you, for this intrusion, madam," said the sergeant, with an air of polite good nature, " I never like to be compelled to put ladies about who ought not to be disturbed, but our orders are strict. The King won't allow us even to rely upon a lady's word. May we have a light, nradam ?" Mrs. Lonergan, though with not the very bestgrace, brought one of the candles from the parlour table, and the sergeant having shown, his warrant for Mr. O'Riley's arrest, hastily searched the house. " Thank God!" was the earnest thought that passed again and again through Mrs. O'Riley's mind as she saw the searchers enter the rooms one after another, and pictured to herself the use that the poor fugitive was making of this wasted time. His secretaire was broken open as the key could not be found, and all the papers it contained carefully secured and sealed in a bundle. The sergeant was just about to take his leave when a clanking noise was heard in the hall, and at the same moment Kate rushed in by one door pale and affrighted, while two troopers entered by another with the master of the house in custody. Mrs. O'Biley was by no means bereft of nerve, but this sudden dashing of her hopes was too much for her to stand unmoved. She saw all at a glance, and with a scream fell forward upon her daughter's neck. She had fainted. The usual means were resorted to for restoring animation, and soon the subject of these attentions had recovered sufficiently to be taken toher bed. The prisoner in the meantime had been removed, and so his wife had been spared the heartrending scene which accompanied his departure. Haifa dozen men had been ordered off by the sergeant as he approached Tullygormand in order to watch the various places of exit by which a fugitive might seek to escape, and Mr. O'Riley, just as he imagined himself beyond the - reach of the enemy, had ridden into closequarters with two of them, and before he had' had time even to think had been unhorsed. Miss O'Riley found it a hard matter to give her mother comfort. The poor sick woman pictured to herself her husband made the victim of another of those atrocities for which theperiod was notorious. She first wept, and then desired to know all that could be told her of how the fugitive had fallen into his pursuers'" hands. Where was Kate? She remembered now seeing the girl enter the room at the same moment as the soldiers and Mr. O'Riley. Kate could not be found. Mrs. Lonergan had not seen her for some time—not since she had received a packet which a man on horseback had left at the door about a quarter of an hour after the mounted men and their prisoner had departed. This was a fresh cause for terror. Tha house was searched over most carefully, but no trace cf the missing girl could be found. Corny was then sent for, so that he might follow the troop, for both Mrs. and Miss O'Riley believed that the visit of the hussars must have had some connection with Kate's disappearance, though, they dared not say all that they thought. But Corny had also disappeared. Mrs. Lonergan had not set eyes on liim from the moment when he left the house to saddle his master's horse, so that for all they knew he was now in custody on his way to Cork for aiding the escape of a rebel. 