TWICE MARRIED. Chapter X. — f Continued. J It was jnst dawn on that obill October morniDg when Hugh Evans and Mr. Thornton arrived at the Grange. The ovorlooker had reqnested the clergyman to accompany him on his painful errand, as a precantion, so far as Sir William and Lady Lloyd were con- . cerued. "I don't mind my master, sir," said Evans ; "but I should Dot like to see poor Sir William or his lady. They'll be cut up sadly, I'm afraid." Mr. Thornton had certainly no particular desire to encounter this fresh trial after the shock of the evening before, but he was not a man to shrink from any act of kindness or duty, and he reluctantly consented. As they turned away tho young enrate gave a last look at the strange and thrilling scene ; and the incident of the day before, which had been almost driven from 'his memory for the moment by tho absorbing interest of the fire, recurred to his mind. The red, Inrid light of the still flickering flames was cast on the stream beneath, and reflected in its depth with a dnll glare, that looked like the mingling of blood with the ilear waters. Was it so ? — was the blood of a human being in that pare stream, and the deBtrnction of that ponderous mass, with its store of wealth, a mere trifle in comparison to the oattiDg short of a life — the untimely call of a soul before its hour to the bar of judg ment ? Such was the thought that flashed across the curate's mind as he gave that rapid glance at the melanoholy mass of rains and the dimly-lighted stream beneath. "Did you learn anything of the poor fellow's fate last night, Evans?" he said, as thsy walked along. " Who, sir ? I didn't know any one was very ill- just now. Any one dead in the parish, sir ? " Mr. Thornton looked keenly at the man, but the. still obsenre light baffled all attempt at examination. "Did not Mr. Lloyd send to you last night, then ? " he asked. ' " I had no mossage for my master after be left, sir ; but there, I was at Farmer Her bert's, and that might account for it." Mr. Thornton hesitated ; his mind was greatly perplexed and troubled. What did all this mean ? "What could be the secret of Evan's singular indifference and reluctance to investigate the mystery of the evening before ? The curate enuddered as if he bad comnfitted a crime at the thought that in voluntarily rushed into his mind. "God forgive me for my want of charity ! " ho mnrmnred. " No, no, it is too dreadfnl ! " " It was some acoident which I feared had occurred in the fog last evening," said the enrate, acting at once on the repentant im pulse. " I thought I heard some one fall iuto the river ae I went to the Grange, and I asked Mr. Lloyd to have some inquiries made. No donbt he sent while yon were from home." He then hastened his steps, as if to avoid any farther discussion ; bat still, the tbonght would recar like a spectre to haunt him, aB he harried along the road to the Grange. The shatters were scaroely taken down, and the servants sleepily beginning their morning tasks, when they arrived at the house. " Go to Mr. Lloyd's room, and say that I am here on nrgent business," said Evans, perceiving at a glanoe that not a suspicion of the truth had reached the Grange. "Bat, Mr, Evans," began the servant. "Do as I direot yon," said the overlooker, peromptorily. "I will hold you harmless with your master." Theman looked doubtingly at Mr. Thornton. "He is right," said the ourate. "Do as he bids you, my good fellow." The man hesitated no longer, bat went off . on his mission. In a few moments he returned with the direction for the overlooker to follow bim to the young man's apartment, and Mr. Thornton was left alone. He could not rest in one spot, but paced up and down the room with harried strides, now listening to the sounds in thehonse, now standing abstracted and motion less, thinking over the strange and inexplicable events of the last twenty-fonr honrs. And mingled with these harassing reflections came the image of Lacy Lloyd, the fair, bright in nocent sister of the man be feared to enspect as trail tv of one of. the foulest crimes that oould disgrace humanity. It was bat a few hours Bince be had confessed to himself that be loved Lucy, and even now it was not from any hope of winning her that he shrank from condemning her brother ; bat he so associated all that was innocent, and pure, and happy with the young girl, that he would have williogly sacrificed his own happioess rather than have fonnd one so near and so dear to her gailty. Luoy, the sister of a felon! her bright yonng life clonded, her name disgraced ! No, the very idea was too revolting to be entertained, and he was actually relieved by the entrance of Sir William, always an early -riser, now somewhat disturbed by the un wonted sound of BtraDge voioes in the hall at -that hoor. "Thornton, my good friend, what's the matter ? " he asked ; " yon look like a ghost, and I hear Evans is with my son. What on earth has happened ? " "A misfortune, my dear sir," replied the -enrate ; " but not one I hope at all irretrievable or permanent. There has been an.aooident at themill." "Who? what ?" said the baronet, anxiously ; u one of tho Llanover men ? " "No, no acoident, to the men, or any living being, happily," replied Mr. Thornton, thongh bis heart smote him at the words. " It is the mill that has suffered , a fire has broken out ; and, to speak plainly, all efforts to conqner it proved futile. The building has suffered terribly, but I. hear it ia well insured." Sir -William turned very pale; bis kind heart reverted j»t once to the. rain the oalamity would bring on numbers of the poor inhabit ants of the village, and the blight it wonld prove also to his son's proBpeots. The com pensation wonld he. bat a poor remedy for these evils. He sat down. and tried in vain to oolleot bis thoughts and gather composure before replying to his kind, considerate com- -panion. "It is indeed a oalamity, Mr. Thornton," acid he. " What was the origin of the fire ? ( Where was my son ? " He spoke' dreamily and nnoonneotedly, as if his thoughts were wandering far from his srords. " Singularly enongh, Mr. Lloyd was away," .replied the olergyman. "Yon. remember, my dear sir, that he slept here last night. Evans if now gone -to him, -and no doubt he will soon be bore himself." The door opened as be spoke, and they ex pected to see either Evan himself or the over looker ; but it was only the old servant, who acted as coachman, groom, and head gardener at the Grange. His face wore a strange, half comically bewildered look, which portended some important news. "I beg pardon, Sir William," said he, "but I thought it my duty to come at once, sir, and let you know a very surprising circumstance that has happened in the night, sir. Black Bbsb has been out, and ridden hardly, sir, sinoe I littered her up and left the stable last oight. She's all dirty, and the saddle's not where I lelt it, sir ; and, there's no gainsaying it, some rascals had the poor animal oat; and I do hope you'll have the thing looked into, sir, and the scoundrel punished." David might have gone on for at least an other quarter of an hour without being stopped by his master or the gueBt. Mr. Thornton started involuntarily at the first sentence, and altered a suppressed exam ination of surprise and horror. Sir William turned very pale, and sat even more rigid and motionless than before. A vagne feeling of donbt and suspicion, too terrible to put in shape even to his own mind, had seized the high-minded father of Evan Lloyd ; and his faonltie9 were too stunned and bewildered by the suddenness of the blow to comprehend at once the necessity of concealment. Mr. Thornton's own ideas gave him a key to those floating iu the baronet's mind, and he came to his relief, a9 soon as the first surprise of David's intelligence allowed him to speak natnrally. "My good fellow, I am not at all surprised," said he. "Yon do not know that Llanover Mill was burnt down last night, and I should not wonder if it turned out that the supposed culprit was only pressing the horse into yonr master's service, withont leave, in order to fetch an engine." " Hardly, sir," said the Welshman, was was not so easily satisfied. " H,e'd have come to me when he got so far, if he'd been an honest man, and fetched me and yonng Will to help. But I'm main sorry, sir, to hear it. 'Tis a terrible thing, and what I never remember in Llanover, though I've lived man aud boy for sixty years in the village." " Well, well, leave it now, David," inter posed Sir William. " I have more important affairs to apeak of just now, and it. is vory likely one matter will clear up the other." David reluctantly retired, mattering, as'be closed the door, "More important, master says. I'll never hold with that, anyhow. Yon may build the mill anyway, nnd no gVeatharm if it ain't there at all, but yon can't soon get another Blaok Boss." And the discontented groom vented his displeasure by unsparing reprimands to his grandson, the said " yonng Will." " This is a bad business, my dear father," said Evan, entering the room immediately after, followed by the overlooker, " but I hope not so oomplete a finisher as Evans makes out." " He can scarcely make out worse than the truth," said Mr. Thornton, gravely. "The mill and its contents are utterly destroyed." " As I was saying to Mr. Lloyd just now, there will be little trouble with the insurance aompany," observed Evans, with a grim smile. "They ean't dispute that there's not fifty pounds' worth saved of the building or con tents. If there was as certain an insurance on my life, I should expect to be sent out of the way pretty qaick by the next of kin. Mr. Lloyd's got his own lack, after all." " Do not speak so heartlessly on such a sub ject, Evans, in my hearing, nor anywhere else, if yon value my good opinion," said Sir William, looking sternly on tho man. "Do yon suppose money can make np for the deso lation such a calamity will briDg among hun dreds, whatever we may try to do for them ? I am so ntterly prostrated by the blow that I cannot even thick at present." "It was strangely sadden," observed the clergyman. " There was no trace of it when I last looked from my windows at midnight, and by three o'clook it was actually raging." "At midnight," repeated Evan, eagerly. " You were home long before that uncanon- ical hour, surely ? " He tried to smile as be spoke, but it was a bitter, unnatural attempt at an ill-timed jest, and be felt it even before tbe grave rebake of the ourate's quiet look flushed his cheek with a trauBcieat sense of shame. " If I had, the motive would well have caused the unusual irregularity, as yon can gaess,' replied Mr. TborntoD, meaningly , " but as it happened, at the hour I refer to I was just preparing for bed, where, as yoa know, I did not long remain undisturbed." Sir William, had been apparently unmindful of this little dialogue. He had sat abstracted and thoughtful for some minutes, his head half hidden in his hands, but when he once- more looked up, his face had no longer the bewildered, helpless expression which the sadden shock had brought over it. " It is no use speculating and lamenting when there is so much to be done," he said, firmly. " The first thing to discover, if pos sible, is the cause and the extent of this calamity, and then how it can be remedied. Mr. Thornton, you can be of the greatest use in the last inquiry ; and even my Lucy can help ns. She knows all the poor families for miles round." (To be continued.) 