THE GIPPS LAND RAILWAY. WE have noticed the opening of the Oakleigh and Bnnyip section of this railway in another place, and we here quote from The Argus a description of this line:—"The section from Oakleigh to the Bunyip, originally 34½ miles in length, was let in December, 1874, to Mr. Neil McNeil, for £98,520, but it was transferred at the instance of the Government in September, 1875, to, Mr. Leggatt, who was a member of the firm (O'Grady, Leggatt, and Noonan) which constructed the heavy section of the North-Eastern Railway. An addition was also made by the Government to the length of the section, and the Oakleigh end of the line brought three miles nearer to the town than was at first intended, which caused a corresponding addition to be made to the contract money. Two years were allowed for the execution of the work, which, therefore, should have been finished in December last, but the extension of works had to be accom- panied by an extension of time, and the 1st of October was named as the date on which the Government would open the section for traffic. Even by the 1st of October the trains were not ready to run, but the blame did not lie with the contractor; nor, in the present state of the middle sections, could a few days' delay be of very great consequence. From Oakleigh to Sale the total distance is about 112 miles, of which at the present moment 45 miles are open, 37½ miles ready to be opened, and 42 miles—the middle sections—not likely to be out of the contractor's hands before March, 1878. Between Oakleigh and the Bunyip the works are of a very light description, and the cost, apart from cartage, must have been small. No bridges of any size have been necessary. The largest—over the main creek at Dandenong—is hardly noticeable from the train. Small bridges, however, are numerous; there are 43 of them, but they are built of timber, according to the plainest and homeliest pattern. It appears that economy in the construction of the light series of lines is principally attained by the erection of simple but strong bridges, the reduction of the quantity of the ballast, and the contraction of the width of the road way upon which rails and sleepers are placed. The tops of embankments and the floors of cuttings are of the uniform breadth of 16½ft., so that they spread themselves out about 5ft. on each side of the rails. Embankments have a slope of 1½ft. in 1\. and cuttings a slope of 1ft. in 1. The depth of ballast under the sleeper is 8in., and when the sleeper has been laid the quantity is increased by 3in. The width of the top of the strip of ballast is 10ft., so that it extends 2ft. and a fraction beyond the rails. None of the bridges are so wide as the ballasted track; they are just 9ft. broad, or a little less than the space which ordinary sleepers stretch across. They have no walls or parapets, but merely a kerb to prevent the ballast from rolling off. Messmate and stringybark are the woods which have been used in the construction of the bridges. All the sleepers, except what have been used in the first four miles of the section, are of the same timbers. The first four miles are laid with redgum sleepers, brought by rail from Echuca to Melbourne, and thence drawn by teams to Oak- leigh. Forests of useful trees, like the messmate and the stringybark, spread over a considerable area of country be- tween Berwick and the remote parts of the Gipps Land line, so that timber has been procurable in abundance for the permanent way. Iron rails, 60lb. to the yard, are used throughout the Gipps Land line. Apparently it is only for roads on which the traffic ie expected to be very heavy, such as the North- Eastern, that the engineers have recommended steel rails. In this country 60lb. rails are considered as of moderate weight, but there are parts of the world in which they would be regarded very nearly of maximum heaviness. We, however, follow the example of the English engineers, and err, if we err in this matter at all, in the direction of safety, and perhaps also, in the long run, of economy. In no matters is the thrift of the engineers so con- spicuous as in the station-houses, which, from end to end, belong to a lowly, and inexpensive order of architecture. Taxpayers who have been accustomed to condemn the early extravagance which committed us to edifices of stone calculated to last a thousand years, and thus to deprive the bricklayer and mason of the present century of all hope of a share in the repairs-money, should soothe their angry souls with an early trip to the Bunyip. They will see that we have at last really learned prudence. The accommodation at each of the three or four important stations on the section is reduced to two weatherboard cottages, one of which will hold the humble-minded station- master, and the other serve the purposes of the ticket clerk and the public. The cottages are well made, both for winter and for summer service, and the heat which the corrugated iron roof may have a tendency to absorb will be checked in its descent through the ceiling by a thick layer of sawdust. It is not thought needful at present to erect sheds. When at some future time the traffic becomes large enough to justify the erection of substantial houses, the cottages will be bodily removed to places where new road crossings are opened. All the public crossings between Oakleigh and Bunyip are on the same level as the rails, except one; and no less than 20 gates and gatekeepers' cottages have had to be provided. An average of one public gate to every two miles shows that the population, though thin, is fond of locomotion. Gates, as we manage them, are not very expensive, for they are generally put under the charge of the wives of line repairers, by whom an extra shilling a day and free quarters are regarded as a valuable equivalent for the duties rendered. It must strike visitors from countries where railway fences are little known that we are far too particular in relieving stockowners of the burden which, properly, should be fitted upon their own shoulders. To slightly alter the words of a learned judge, it is not the trains but the cattle that need to be fenced in, for trains never stray far from the rails. Amongst a population of 44,000,000 in the United States it is considered sufficient to erect a board at crossings to warn travellers 'to look out for the locomotive;' but here we keep gates, with noble red danger spots on them, and gatemen, or gatewomen, with flags to see that silly persons don't drive on to the rails when a train is at hand. If stockowners can't educate their stock to read notice- boards, they deserve to lose an occasional beast. Of course the railway engineer does not maintain his gatekeeper to save the stockowners from loss, hot to prevent accidents to the running train. This should be told to the proprietors of the 70,000 miles of railway to be found in the United States, for probably, though they rise pretty early in the morning, they may not be aware what a great deal we can teach them. "The present section commences at Oakleigh, about half a mile from the main street of the township, on a sandy flat, occupied just now by native heaths. The flat, 20 years ago or more, was expected to become densely populated, for an old map of the locality shows that it was laid out into numerous streets, for which the projector of the proposed town or city took the trouble to find names. But nobody has ever proposed to live there in the mode it was originally intended that he should do. The line starts from the Warrigal-road, which crosses the Dandenong-road a few yards on the Melbourne side of the Oakleigh township, and fully a mile and a half nearer to the metropolis than the engineers at first contemplated. The alteration has been wisely made, for it places the station close to a well-made road instead of on a swampy flat, which would have been difficult to cross with heavy carts in wet weather. The extension has not been without advantage to the contractor, for it has enabled him to get a good deal of material upon the line which the lessee of the tollbar, a short distance down the road, has not been able to levy dues upon. From the sandy flats at Oakleigh onwards for 15 or 16 miles, there is really nothing to look at, save, perhaps, the township of Dandenong, of which an excellent back view is obtained. The station is close to the main street, so that the townspeople, when they want to visit Melbourne, will only have one or two hundred yards to walk to reach the train. But even the hope of a view of Dandenong will hardly keep the sleepy traveller awake, and the department will do well, when the line is open from end to end, to so arrange its time-table as to start the trains eastward at sundown. Even Berwick, 17 miles from Oakleigh, with its picturesque intermixture of volcanic and clay slate hills— its mosaic of rich black and poor grey soils, does not unmask her beauties with any prodigality to the railroad traveller, but reserves them chiefly for those who stop at her inns or patronise the coach, for the steep hills or the boundless views one gets from the top of them, which the weary horses know so well, are carefully avoided by the locomotive, and the trains stick obstinately to the plains. There is hardly a cutting on the first 20 miles of the journey whose sides rise above the level of a carriage window, but this is partly accounted for by the steepness of the grade, 1 in 50. This is the rise or fall which obtains on all our lines except the Beechworth, where the ascent has the steepness of the Zig-zag in New South Wales, 1 in 33. If, however, a gradient of 1 in 50 saves money in surmounting low hills, it largely reduces the weight of the load which the locomotive can pull—a consideration which, will be appreciated when we state that on the North-Eastern line a locomotive from Seymour to Benalla can haul twice as heavy a load as one between Melbourne and Seymour. The gradient that rules on the former section is 1 in 75, and on the latter 1 in 50. Beyond Berwick, and as far as the Bunyip, the country in the winter season of the year is for the most part of such a nature as amphibious animals alone can take delight in. Now and again the line crosses wooded hills and grassy ridges of low elevation, but marshy flats, which chiefly produce clothes-props and telegraph poles, prevail to an extravagant degree. The northern extremity of the Koo-wee-rup Swamp, which wastefully occupies so much territory between the Gipps Land road and the shores of Western Port, is crossed between Pakenham and the Bunyip, and a very sloppy, purpose less work of nature it seems to be. No doubt some day we shall see it drained, and the water which spreads over its vast surface collected into three or four channels. In the hills in the neighbourhood of the swamp the forests begin to acquire a robust look; the timber is thick, though evidently often visited by mischievous fires, and some of the trees have waists of aldermanic girth. Vegetation evidently thrives, even under difficulties, and from the bark, black with last summer's fire, abundance of green shoots have burst forth with the recent spring rains, so that the trunks of the big trees seem to have taken to trousers. The section ends in a deep silent forest on the slope of a hill, which appears, from the loose blocks of stone that lie about the station, to be composed mainly of granite. The railway line between Berwick and the Bunyip never wanders far from the main road, save in the vicinity of the hills, but at the Bunyip the two tracks are separated by a breadth of two miles. Let not the forlorn and often shipwrecked traveller think that the Oakleigh and Bunyip section will greatly abridge his troubles. Even with the two end sections of the line open, Gipps Land still remains 'a province to be added to Victoria.' The worst portion of the coach road lies between Berwick and the Morwell, and horses and vehicles go through the soft places as if coaches and drays were ploughs, and the track had to be prepared for plantations of full grown trees. Between Berwick and the Bunyip—a third of the distance—there are several bad lengths, which the section about to be opened will totally abolish, but the coaches will have to traverse two miles of boggy forest between the station and the road. At present, when the track from the station to the main road has scarcely been used, the prospect seems very dismal, but what it will be like when the coaches have been running for two or three weeks, it is unadvisable, in the interest of traffic, to say. The Railway department has only felt bound to metal a few chains length of the approaches. Certainty, as the summer and not the winter months are before the traveller, the case will not be so bad as it might be—poor consolation! No doubt, it can be said that unpleasant as the two miles of forest track may become, they will never create perils and dangers to affright souls of persons who have sur- vived the journey from the Bunyip to the Morwell, which they will have to put up with as patiently as may be until March next. There are no visible set- tlements at the Bunyip at present, save such as have been temporarily called into existence by the railway works, but the hills on the north are stated to have been all selected. Two red-wood cottages have been built at the back of the station, apparently for the purposes of trade. On the whole, the scene is very desolate, and the traveller tempted by railway time-tables to run down into Gipps Land will be strongly persuaded when he steps from the train into the open space which has been hewn out of the Bunyip forest to postpone his visit, and hasten back to Melbourne, unless he is of dauntless mind, and hardened to toilsome bush roads. The section from the Bunyip to the Morwell, 42 miles long, was let in the first instance to Messrs. Noonan Brothers, but the rate of progress they made did not satisfy the department, which in January last cut the work into two parts, and gave the part next to Mr. Leggatt's section to Messrs. Fishburn and Morton, the firm that constructed the Beechworth line. The middle section contains all the steep bills and sharp curves to be found on the line. A number of the cuttings are so long and so deep that no less than 50,000 and 60,000 cubic yards of earth and stone will have to be taken out of some of them. The principal cutting is on Messrs. Noonan Brothers' part of the section; and it passes through the Haunted-hill (where the ghosts disperse the cattle and perplex the stockmen), the highest point on the line, 476ft. above sea level. Operations are conducted from both ends of the section. The work in the hands of Messrs. Fishburn and Morton was available for inspection on the present trip, and advantage was taken of the offer of the contractors' engine to run up the line as far as the rails had been laid, about seven miles beyond the Bunyip. The most important undertaking brought under notice was the timber bridge over the Bunyip River, 450ft. long." 