CENTRAL SALEYARDS FOR STOCK. TO THE EDITOR OF THE SYDNEY MAIL. Sir, — It is with much pleasure I notice in your last week's issue a detailed description bv your special reporter of the Melbourne cattle saleyards, and the manner in which sales ef fat stock are effected by the various agents to whom they are consigned, because the relation of how these things are managed in Victoria may arouse our municipal magnates from their culpable lethargy, or incite perhaps some private individuals to earn the gratitude of those interested by indeed as your reporter has demonstrated that there it is a paying concern. Is it not scandalous to think that a city of the magni tude of Sydney, often boasting of its wealth, of its enter prise, should remain satisfied with the Homebush cattle sale yards, as these cruel, ricketty, tumble-down structures are denominated:' Cruel! Yes, cruel beyond expression, by the very reason of being ricketty, tumble-down, and badly kept. Your reporter has mentioned a not unfrequent in stance in wet weather of bullocks being half- smothered in mud, the centre of each yard being generally a miniature sea of that material; and I have often seen an animated hurdle race through a succession of yards, while some poor brute, less lively than his companions, got hung upon toe rails, the upper one being displaced, and only enabled* to free himself by a supreme effort and the loss of a consider able quantity of skin and hair. Such scenes could not occur in well-regulated yards ; they would not occur in Hdboarne, and arc not only possible bat tolerated in New 8outh Wales. 'Like the aheepyards the cattle-pens appeared very clean, and, indeed, in both, the proems interested could move about in the best broadcloth without fear of being wasteful in the matter of clothing.' Hose like Homebush'. I hare heard it asserted that Sydney will bear favourable comparison with snv city of its ci«e in the matter of dust ; but for duRt pure end simple — a fine, impalpable, powdered dust— the character of which is of a penetrating, searching, blinding nature, commend mo to Honiebu&h; on a summer's day. Jost imagine being subjected for hours together to the fury of * southerly ' buster,' without the slightest shelter and minus the buster's cooling influence, and you can form fome idea of our Central Salcyards in fine weather ; while, should Jupiter Pluyius be the presiding deity of the day's proceedings, it requires no 'ghost come from the grave' to tell an observer that you are from the cattle sake, for you bring with you the undeniable Home bush polish, in the shape of mud and filth, u-ith which you are plentifully bespattered. Is this state of things to be permitted to remain as at present, and are we to cjntinu? to tolerate such a disgrace to a civilized and, in all other retpects, a humane community 'i Surely not. One would be apt to imagine that* this matter of the fattle saleyards fell within the particular province of the Municipal' Council; and, as two of the trade have the honour to belong to that august body, they, at least, since what I have dcFvribcd comes under their personal observa tion, should ngitate the matter, and use their influence to bring about a better state of affairs ; and, though I have no doubt the financial difficulties of the city may bo pleaded by the aldermen in eatenuntion uf their want of action in tfiis matter, yet, if the Government is willing to lend them money for general purposes, how can a grant or loan be re fused for such u special and commendable object, sines the general revenue would receive an increased return by reason of the erection of projicr central saleyitrJi*. Hoping that some abler peu than mine will be induced to romo forward nnd ventilate this matter thoroughly, I am, vours. &?. ' UMiiltA. Victoria -street, Darlinghurst. 