THE LATE CHARLES KINGSLEY. AT is thc hardest thing in life to keep true to our earlv ^standards, to live up to the ideals of youth, and tb {prevent ourselves from becoming of thc eavth, carthy, \--mere human beings with much ¿arc for the bodv, and ? littlefor the soul. Even in tho Old World, amid tho ..great centres of intellect, this is the case, though there the mmd may bo ever stimulated by the influx of .JEresh ideas, it is so easy to let one "aspiration after tmother clio out, to become absorbed in the provision of daily bread, and weary with necessary duties, to be teontent to travel along'thc dead level of custom, instead of straining nfter unattainable heights ! And if such is the temptation in Europe, how much ?moro must it bo in the colonies, where only . faint cohoes of tho progress-notes of the age , Can reach, whore literature is a tnstc that few care to cultivate and interchange of elevating thought is almost unknown î I. ;s thc same story in ' nlmost every instance. New comers arrive full of in- terests mid enthusiasms, and a sense of loneliness creeps over them on receiving but cold response to eager spoech ; every new book is read with avidity, and the deluded student looks, but looks in vain, for some ono with whom to discus.* its salient points. .And so it goes on until by degrees thc enthusiasms , fade, all interests are forgotten, save those of monoy . getting, the man sinks a degree in tho scale of civiliza- tion,-and begins simply to grub, grub like his fellows. j Must it ever bo so ? Is this an atmosphere in which the young generation can grow to high-souïed men and women ? Surely not ! Rather it behoves parents to resist, the deadening influences of New ; Country life, and to keep the intellect awake by read- ing tho books that contain thc be3t thoughts "of Old ¡World minds. Such an one, is thc life of Charles Kingsley, recently published bv King and Co. The voluip.es'aro largo ' end so closely filled with extracts from sermons and letters, that ono is tempted to consider the perusal rather a wearisome undertaking. Perhaps a, littlo 'more might have been omitted, "and yet those who have leisure for reading would bc loth to lose any of Kingsley's earnest words, and for those who liavo irot, is there not the unlimited privilege of skipping ? The life of Charles Kingsley, except as shown forth toy his letters, is given in very few words by his wife, . who, evidently considering her thoughts incomparable ...with his, keeps herself in the background throughout the whole work. This gifted son of talented parents was born nt ? Holme Vicarage, Devonshire, and is certainly an instance in favour of G al ton's theory of "Heredity of Power." His father was a man of cultivation and ^refinement, a good linguist, nn artist, a keen sports- man, and natural historian, while his mother Was a remarkable womnn, a native of the West Indies, ; possessing the poetry and enthusiasm often engen- dered by tropical birth, and uniting with them a force (ind humourous originality which had characterised . the females of her family for generations. His maternal grandfather was a Judge in Barbadoes, a man of books : mid science, while n long line of paternal ancestors transmitted the fighting tastes which found vent in the novelist's vivid descriptions. Thc boy's literary talents began to develop at a very . early age, and "his poems and sermons date from ?four years old." A sermon preached in the nursery .at that ago is given ; also some poems written eight months later, but, though most wonderful, far bc it . ¡from us to transcribe them ! It would bc a terrible (tiling if other children were to take the hint and show ¡a similar precocity, when human patience has already itoo much to bear in that way from those who are sup- posed to have arrived at years of discretion. ) As may naturally be supposed, this forwardness in mind was accompanied by delicacy of body, and his .-{constitution was ruined, and the lower jaw contracted ¡by the quantities of calomel taken when a child. This .?contraction, followed bv the nerve-weakening effects of two attacks of brain fever, were the cause of the stammering which was so serious a trouble in after life. The first eleven years of Charles's boyhood were ppent nt Barnack, nnd there he imbibed that love of fen scenery and traditions which found expression in the story of "Hereward the Wake." In 1S30 his 'father was presented to the living of Clovelly, and here again were laid in the materials so grandly used in later books. The rooky Dovonshiro coast, with its rich vegetation, its now fauna and flora, and tho hluo sea with its long . Atlantic swell, filled him with delight and wonder. Tho 'boys had thoir boat and their ponies, and Charles nt OUCR .plunged into tho study of eonchology, under tho kind and scientific teaching of Dr. Turton, who lived in tho neigh- bourhood. i His parents, both pcoplo of excitable natures and poetic feeling, shared in tho boy's enthusiasm. Tho now elements of thoir life at Clovelly, tho uniquo scenery, tho impres- sionable character of-tho people and thoir singlar beauty, the courage of tho men and boys, and tho passionato sym -pathy of tho women in the wild life of their husbands and . sons, throw the now charm of romaneo over thoir parish work. Tho peoplo sprang to touch tho moro readily .under tho influence of a man who, physically thoir oquni, feared no danger ; and could steer a boat, hoist and lower a sail, "shoot" a herring-net, and haul a sciao as one of - themselves. In the education of his boys the Hector of Clovelly «nade the mistake, ever regretted by Charles, of not sending them to a public school. "It was his own conviction that nothing but a public school education would have overcome his constitutional dryness, which was naturally increased by the hesita- tion in his speech." However, the Grammar School 'at Helstone had its compensations in being under the liead mastership of the Rev. Derwent Coleridge, and there also the young naturalist enjoyed the society of . the Rev. C. Johns, who encouraged his young pupil's, ".passion for botany, and accompanied him on long rambles in search" of wild flowers. All through Behool life, his leisure was filled up by these studies, [by boyish sports, and the occasional writing of poetry end prose. Ono composition given, "Psyche, a Rhapsody," is full of beauty, and contains n great deal more poetry than the maturer works of other minds. Prom Helstone, Charles Kingsley went to King's . College, and then to Magdalene College, Cambridge, where he soon gained a scholarship, being first of his year in the May examinations. Soon after this, while ,on a visit in Oxfordshire, he met his future wife for the first time. " That was my real wedding day," he Wd some fifteen years afterwards. Ho was then tull of religious doubts ; and his face, with Its unsatisfied hungering look, boro witness to tho stato of his mind. It had a sad longing expression, too, as if he hud nil his lifo been looking for a sympathy ho had never found j-a rest which he never would "attain in this world. His peculiar character had not been understood hitherto, and his .'?heart had been half nsleop. It woko up now, aud. never 'slept again. For tho first time ho could speak with perfect freedom, and ho mot with answoring sympathy. And ' gradually as tba now friendship (which yet seemed old from the first moro of n recognition than an acquaintance) : deepened into intimacy, every doubt, every thought, every failing, every sin, as ho would call it, was laid bare. Counsel was asked and given, all things in heaven and earth discussed; and as now hopes dawned, the look of hard defiance gave way to a wonderful humility and tenderness, which wore his characteristics, with thoso who understood ; bim, to his dj*ing day. He was just likohis own Lancelot in " Yeast," in that Bummer of 1S39-a bold thinker, a hold rider, , a most, chivalrous gentloman-sad, shy, and serious habitually ; in conversation at ono moment brilliant nud impassioned, tho . next reserved and unapproachable ; by turns attracting and repelling, but'pouring forth to tho friend whom ho could 'trust, stores of thought and feeling and information on every sort-of unexpected subject which seemed boundless. -It was a feast to tim imagination and intellect, to hold com- munion with Charles Kingsley oven at the ago of twenty; tho originality with which ho treated a 'subject was startling, and his genius illumi- nated oyery object it approached, whether ho spoke of " the delicious shiver of thoso aspen leaves," ' on tho nearest trco, or of the deepest laws of humanity and the controversies of t.ho day. Of that intercourse truly might these friends each say with Goethe-" Por the fii'.nt time, I may well say, I carried on u conversation ; for tho ;first time was the "inmost sense of my words returned 1 o nie, moro rich, moro full, moro comprehensivo from l ?nnothor'3 mouth. What I had bean groping for was ?rendered clear to mo ; what I-had boen thinking I was ?taucht to seo. ..." V Tho Oxford Tracts had lately appeared, and, though ho . discussed them from the morely human aud not tho religious point of . view, ho fiercely denounced tho ascetic view of sacrod human tics which ho foresaw would result from I them. Even then he detected in them principles which, ns ho oxprcssed years afterwards in his preface to Hypatia, must, if once adopted, sap tho very foundation of tho two divino roots of tho Church, tho ideas of family and national lifo; ' Two months of such intercourse passed away only too .quickly, and though from this time for tho next four years ?and a half, tho friends met but seldom, and corresponded ¡it rare intervals, a new life had dawned for both, which neither absence nor sorrow, difference of religious opinions, opposition of friends, or adverse circumstances, could extin- guish. Before he left Oxfordshire ho was so far shaken in his doubts that he promised to read his Bible once moro-^ to pray-to open his heart to the Light, if the Light would but come. All, however, was dark for a time, and the . conflict between hopes and fears for thc future, and between faith ¿nd unbelief, was so fierce and bitter, that when ho returned to Cambridge hebeoamo reckless, and nearly gave »ip all for lost: ho read little, went in for excitement of ovory kind-boating, hunting, driving, fencing, hosing, tlupk-shooting in the Fons-anything to deaden tho remem- brance of the happy .past, which just then nromiseduo futuro. Moro than once ho had nearly resolved tb leave .Cambridge and go out to tho Far West and liva asp wild (... Charles Kingsley ; His letters and Memoirs ot his'J.I(o. jjj&tedtahta.-wiKK; 'J' ; . praino hunter; to this ho refers when for tho first time ho lound himsolf on tho prairies of America in 1874. But through all, God kept him in thoso dark days for a work ho Hmo dreamed of. Tho next two years were a time of great mental trial to the young man, who, separated from the only one able to give him help, was harassed hy doubts which would occur to his inquiring mind. It was a difficult period for any young thinker to steer clearly through. For years the old "High and Dry" Church had slumbered and become a mere conven- tionality, but now the awakening to life had taken three forms. On tho one hand were the sceptics, many of them honest men who would believe but could not, and therefore cast, away what had become a dead letter to them. On the other were the Trac- tarians, who, too earnest for the old quiescence, and too religious for scepticism, sought refuge in tho bosom of the Church, once so warm and loving, and by reviving some of her noble forms and less worthy fetters strove to rekindle tho ancient fire without tho grosser flames. Between them both, but as yet in its infancy,was rising the Broad Church School, of which Maurice, pure, saintly, and intellectual, was tho leader, and wherein Kingsley at last found rest for his soul. The books mentioned as having " had a remarkable effect on his mind before he decided upon taking holy orders, in establishing and intensifying his belief in God's righteous government, of the world," present rather a curious anomaly. They were Coleridge's " Aids to Reflection," Carlyle's " French Revolution " and " Miscellanies," and Maurice's " Kingdom of Christ." From the time the latter was placed in his hands he dated a new era in his life. As with most men who are fond of sport, the greater part of Kingsley's college career was not remarkable for industry, and the "temptation to outdoor exercise was the greater in that he had outgrown the delicacy of childhood, and could enjoy a day's walk of fifty-two miles. But before leaving Cambridge in February, 1842, he had " By six months' desperate reading done work which should have been spread over his three years of university life. He came out in honours, first-class in classics, and senior opt. in mathematics." At first Charles's name had been put down at Lincoln's Inn, but he finally decided on the Church, and while reading for orders accepted the offer of tho curacy of Eversley. It was during this period of comparative rest that many valuable books were road, and his first literary work, "The Saints' Tragedy," conceived, and designed for a present to his betrothed on her wedding clay, which, however, did not occur till two years later. In the interval, the correspondence given is almost entirely addressed to her, nnd presents an ideal of love-letter writing which might well bo followed by a life-time of perfect married love. All through there are passages which one longs to cull ; but how dare one begin when the whole book reaches nigh a thousand pages ! One or two specimens must suffice, and those who want a good store of Sunday or week- day reading can peruse tho rest at their leisure. " There are two ways of looking at every occurrence-a bright and a dark side. Two modes of action-Which is most worthy of a rational being, a Christian and a friend ? It is absurd, as a rational being, to torture one's self un- necessarily. It is inconsistent in a Christian to see God's wrath, rather than His mercy in everything. . . . How to avoid this morbidity of mind-by prayor ' Resist tho devil and he will flee from you.' By turning your mind from tho dark view. Never begin to look darkly at a subject, without checking yourself and saying, ' Is there not a bright side to this? Has not God promised tho bright side to me ? Is not my happiness in my own power? Do I not know that I am ruining my mind and endanger- ing tho happiness of those dear to me by looking at tho wrong side? Make this your habit. Every gift of Gai is good, and given for our happiness ; and we sin if wo abuso it. To usc our fancy to our own misery is to abuso it and to sin-tho realm of tho possible was given to man to hope, and not to fear in." * V « # * " Theroforo, thero is no moro unloving, heartless man murderer than tho man who goes about trying, for tho dis- play of his own 'talents' (a word I dislike), to shako people in their belief, even when that belief is not quito sound. Better believe in ghosts ' with no heads and jack- boots on,' like my Eversley people, than believe in nothing but self ! Therefore Maurice's loving Christian rule is, ' Never take away from a man even the shadow of a spiritual truth, unless you can give him snbstance in re- turn.' Therefore, let those less educated or loss holy minds, who have found some truth, hold it in peace- not tear up all their belief along with their prejudices, tares and wheat together, as the Tractarians are doing to tho poor of England now ! But those who discover much truth,-ay, who make perhaps only one truth really their own, a living integral law of their spirits-must, in developing it, pass through many changes of opinion. They must rise, and fall back, and" rise higher again, and fall and rise again, till they reach tho level table-land of truth, and can look down on men toiling and stumbling in tho misty valleys, whore tho rising sunlight has not yet found its way. Or perhaps their own minds will oscillate, like a pendulum, between Dualism and Unitarianism, or High Church and Low Church, until tho oscillations become gradually smaller, anti subside into tho Rest of Truth !-tho peace which passes understanding ! I fancy it is a law, that the greater thc mind, tho stronger tho heart, tho larger will thc oscillations be, but tho loss they will be visible to thc world, becanse the wise man will "not act outwardly upon his opinions until they have become knowledge, and his mind is in a stete of rest. This I think tho true, tho ouly doctrine of Reserve-reserve of our own fancies, not of immutable truth. And one thing more I do see-that ai with tho pendulum, those oscillations are caused by thc very forcewhich at last produces rest : God's Spirit, work- ing" on a man, draws him down towards rest, and he, by thc elastic léijcrctó of tho flesh, swings past tho proper poinl into tho opposite extreme, and has to be drawn back again down. And another thing I see-that tho pressure of thc surrounding air, which helps the force of gravity in pro- ducing rest, is a true emblem of tho force of healthy tios and duties, and the circumstances of God's universe-those things which stuud round. . . . Lot u man onco breal freo from them, and from God's Spirit by solf-wiil or heart- lessness, and he will oscillate, as tho pendulum would, foi over ! Ho will becomo liku ono of tho uueiont philosophers -liko the gnostics, like tho enthusiasts (ascotic- iny6tic! often) of overv age." Though possibly ho meant it not, there could have been no truer description of Kingsley's own menta experience than the above. His great mind oscillated long, and though the pendulum never grew quito still it subsided at last into a gentle motion approaching the " Rest of Truth." What he considered to be doctrinal truth may not be held as such bj others. Most orthodox he was in some ways, being able to subscribe to all but thc damnatory clauses of the Athanasian Creed ; yet there were other points on which he could liol agree with the ordinary school of thought. But as though always ready to own, ho did not obtrude those opinions, neither will we touch upon them here, los1 one earnest soul should be grieved, or the "fighting blood " of theologians aroused. With his practica teaching none cun disagree. It is expressed in a few words " But after all, what is speculation to practico ? Wha does Gotlroquiru of us but to do justly, to lovo mercy, anc to walk humbly with him ? Tho longer I live this seems te mo tho moro important und all other questions loss so. 1: wo can but livo tho simple right lifo Do tho work that's nearest, Though it's dull at whiles Helping when wo meet them Lamo dogs over stiles ! " * * * On his appointment to tho small living of Pimperne Charles Kingsley married Miss Fanny Grenfell, ant began that life-of conjugal happiness and parochia work, which lasted until death, though the scene of i was soon exchanged for Eversley which, on a vacune? occurring, thu parishioners secured for their forme curate. Soon after this his "Life of St. Elizabeth," be gun so long ago, was, after many refusals on the parto publishers, put into print by Parker. This poem, thougl it made but little impression upon the general public aroused much indignation among u certain party, whi were made still more bitter against the author by tin publication of " Yeast," which came out later in th year. The poem, however, eagerly read at Oxford secured for him many valuable friends, and intro duced him into the fellowship of the literary guile from which he thenceforth derived so much pleasure From this time he became absorbed in that multi plicity of interests and labours which it seems im possible could have been entertained by one man. Ii addition to indefatigable parish ministrations and con staut literary work, he accepted the Professorship o English literature at Queen's College, and went u] once a week to give lectures. He was in constan communication with Mr. Maurice and the knot of men who gathered round him, and also took vivid interest in politics. When the Chartist riots broke out, these men strove to bring good out of evil by publishing placards and a new periodical to guide the malcontents' thoughts into healthier channel, while sympathising with their real wrongs, though not their exaggerated grievances "Politics for the People," which was the title of the new magazine, numbered amongst its contributor many eminent men, among whom were Archdcacoi Hare, Mr. Arthur Helps, Thomas Hughes, of Rugby fame, "Parson Lot"-from whose quiet study,at Evers ley, came the persuasive " Letters to Chartists," am who also took up their cause in the novel of " Alton Locke." As might naturally be expected, even the "muscular Christian" occasionally broke down uncle this strain, and had to seek "Sabbaths of rest" from time to time, and his letters have a strain of weari ness, as if the body would fain be still if th over-jrestless mind would but curb itself for .while. That this r.a«U ..never. . Va-. W to easily understood by thoso who have seen Iiis face, which had none of thc strong calmness depicted by "Woolner's bust in the frontispiece. Even when in repose, thccouutcnnnco shrined working with repressed excitement ; not for one moment could head or hand rest in the same position, and there was a per- petual motion, not to say fidgeting, which must have resulted in absolute " chorea," had it not found vent in physical excertion. Rich as was thc delight of Kingsley's conversation, it was sometimes painful to sit in thc same room with him, but once go forth into thc fields and his companionship was a rare enjoyment, even in the latest years of his life. It seemed ns if one lind I never known nature before, so perpetually were new features revealed by thc poet and naturalist. Not an artistic form nor tender joy of light was unnoticed, not. a flower or insect passed by, and even the stones and dust under foot were food for scientific remark, while thc exhilaration of fresh air and exercise carried off all trace of the ncrvovsncss which was thc Nemesis of a highly wrought temperament. Thc year of thc Great. Exhibition was a notable one in thc life of Charles Kingsley. Ile preached two sermons in London, one of which made him notorious, crossed thc Channel for thc first time, and, what was more important lo tho reading world, bogan "Hypatia," in Frazer's 2[aic. On thc subject of tilts book when lirst dawning upon his mind, lie thus writes to Mr. Maurice : " My idea in tho romance is lo set forth Christianity ns tho only real democratic creed, and philosophy, above all, spiritualism, as tho most exclusively aristocratic creed. Such has been my opinion for a long linio, und what I havo been reading lately confirms it "moro and more. Even Synesins, tho philosophic' bishop, is an aristocrat by tho side of Cyril. It seems lo mo that, stich a book might do good just now, wliilo tho Scribes and Pharisees, Christian and heathen, aro saying, ' This people, which kho-.volh not tho law, is accursed.' ... I havo long wished to do something antique, and get out my thoughts p.boul tho connection of tho old world and tho now; Schiller's "Gods of Greece " espresses, I think, a tone of feeling very common, and which finds its vent in modern Neo-Platonism-Anythingarianism. But if you think I ought not, I will not. ' I will obey your order." At thc same time while he was working out tho deeper problems of philosophy, thc present practical ones of Sanitary Reform and Parish Ministration were occupying his mind, and on thc ^subject of Ladies' "Work among thc Poor, ho thus wisely speaks : " I keep to my own key-note," ho says, " I say, Visit whom, when, and whore you will ; but let your visits be those of women to women. Consider to whom you go-to poorsoiils whosoli fo, compared with yours, is ono long Malaise of body and soul and spirit-nnd do as you would bo dono by; instead of reproving and fault-finding, encourage. In God's Mino, oncourngo. They scriimblo through lifo'a rocks, bogs, and thorn-brakes clumsily enough, and havo many a fall, poor things ! But why, in tho namo of a God of love and justice, is tho lady, rolling along tho smooth turnpike road in hor comfortable carriage, lo 63 calling out all day long to tho poor soul who drags on beside her, over hedge and ditch, moss and moor, barefooted and weary hearted, with half-a-dozen children at her back-' You ought not to have fallen here ; and it was very cowardly to lie down there; and it was your duty as a mother to have helped that child through tho puddle; while ans for sleeping under that bush, it is most imprudent and inadmissible ? Why not encourage her, praise her, cheer her 0n her weary way by loving word», and keep your reproofs for yourself even your advice ; for she does get on her way after all, where you could not travel a stop forward ; and sho knows what she is about perhaps better than you do, and what sho has to endure, and what God thinks of her life-journey. Tho heart, knoweth its own bitterness, and a stranger intor meddleth not with its joy. But do not you bo a stranger to her. Be a sister to her.' I do not. ask you to laico her up in your carringe. Yon cannot : perhaps it is good for her that you cannot. . . . All I ask is, do to tho poor soul as you would have her do to you in her place. Do not in- terrupt and vex her (for she is busy enough already) with remedies which sho docs not understand, for troubles which you do not understand. But spoak comfortably to hor, nnd say, ' I cannot feel with you, but I do feel for you ; I should enjoy helping you-hut I do not know how-tell mo. Toll mo whero tho' yoko galls ; fell mo why that fore- head is grown old boforo'its tiuio ; I may bo able to caso tho burdon, and put fresh light into thc eyes ; and if not, still tell me, simply bccau«o I am n woman, and know thc relief of pouring out mv own soul into loving ears, even though in tho dopths of despair.' Yes, paradoxical as it, may seem, I nm convinced that the only way to help thesa noor*women humanly and really, is to begin by confessing to them that yon clo not know how to help them ; to humble yourself to them, und to ask their counsel for thc good of themselves and of their neighbours, instead ot coming proudly to them with nostrums, ready compounded, ns if n doctor should bo so confident in his own knowledge of books and medicine as to give physio before asking tho patient's symptoms. *. » * * « " I entreat you to bear in mind (for without this all visiting of tho poor will bc utterly void and useless) that you must rognlnto your conduct to them and in their houses, even to tho most minute particulars, by tho very same rules which apply to persons of your own class. . . . Piety, earnestness, affectionateness, eloquence-all may bo nullified and stultified by sternly keoping a poor woman standing in her own cottage whilo von sit, or entering her house, even j at her own request, white she is nt meals. She may decline to sit; sho may beg you to como in : all tho moro reason foi refusing utterly to oboy her, because it shows that that very I inward gnlf between you and her still exists in hor mind, which it is tho object of your visit lo bridge over. If you know her to bo in trouble, touch on that troubla as you would with a lady. Woman's heart is alike in all ratiks, and thc deepest sorrow is the ono of which she speaks thc last and least. Wo should not like any ono-no, not nu angel from heaven-to como into our houses without knock- ing at tho door, to say, ' I hear you aro very ill off-I will lend you a hundred pôuuds. I think you aro very careless of monoy ; I will take your accounts into my own hands.' And still less again, ' Your sou is a very tad, profligate, disgraceful fellow, who is not. fit to bo mentioned ; I intend to toko him out of your hands and reform him myself.' " Again, as to teaching boys, he adds : " I nm not going to enter into thc reason why. I only entreat you to boliove me, that by helping to educate thc boys, or oven by taking a class, as I have seen done with ad'niirablo effect, of grown-up lads, you may influence foi over, not only tho happiness of your pupils, hut of tho girls whom thoy will hereafter marry. It will bo n boon to yom own sex, as well as to ours, to teach them courtesy, self-restraint, reverence for physical weakness, admiration of tenderness ' and gentleness, and it is ono which only a lady can bestow. Only by boinp accustomed in youth to converse with ladies will tho boy loam to treat, hereafter his sweetheart or his wifo liko n gentleman. There is a latent chivalry, doubt it not, in thc heart of every untutored clod ; if it dies out in him, as it toe often does, it were better for him, I often think, that ho had nover boen bom ; but tho only talisman which will koop ii alive, much moro develop it into its fulness, is friendly anc revering intercourse with women of higher rank rlmn'hnn sclf, between whom and him there is a great aud yot blessée gulf fixed." Perhaps the pleasantest part of the whole biography is the opening of the second volume which picture! thc father's life among his children. It is full ol suggestions to parents who, in their care to pro-vide outward means for their sons' and daughters' future, too often lessen their own power of influence, and for- getting that mental and moral cxcellenco is et holiei dower than fortune, leave the young souls to develop thorn or flower, unoided and uncultured. "Cheerfulness or joyousness," said Joan Paul, in hil 'Lovuna, or tho Doctrino of Education,' "is the heaver under which everything but poison thrivos. All ncw-bori creatures require warmth, and what then is warmth to tin human chicken but happiness? Ono has but to givo then play-room by talcing away what may bo painful, and theil powers shoot up of themselves. Tho joyousness of children Should thoy havo anything olso ? I can onduru a melan- choly man, but not n melancholy child ! " And with thia atmosphere of loyousnoss tho parents triee to surround tho children at tho Rectory, and fhat not onlj as u means of present enjoyment, but as a tonic to Btrcngthot tho young creatures to meet tho inevitable trials of tin future. Wo must pauso a moment in tho midst of .thi father's work and letters ; wo havo soon him in his clmrel and parish, and must now soo him in hiä homo, where hi: children had t ho best of every thing ; tho sunniest anc largest i-ooms indoors, and becauso tho rectory was on lov ground-I he churchyard six foot abovo tho living rooms, ant tho ground sloping upwards on throo sides-ho built them i hut for an outdoor nursery, on tho " Mount," wheró tho; kept books, foys, and tea tilings, spending long happy dayi on the highest and loveliest point of moorland in the glebe a real bit of primeoval forest ; and thero he would join thou when his parish work was dono, bringing thom some fresl treasure picked up in his walk, a choice wild flower or forn or raro beetle, sometimes a lizard or a fleld-mouso ; ove waking up their sense of wonder, calling out their po'wors o observation, and teaching them lessons out of God's grea green book, without their knowing thoy wore learning. And then tho Sundays, tho hardest day of tho week ti him, wore bright to the children, who bogan tho day witt (locking tho graves in tho dear churchyard, nn oxampl which tho poor peoplo learnt to follow, so that bofori morning service it looked liko a flower garden; andwhei his day's work was dono, however weary ho might.be, ther was always tho Sunday walk, a stroll on tho moor, nm some fresh object of natural beauty pointed out at over; step. Indoors, the Sunday picture-books woro brought out Each child had its own, nnd'ehoso its subject for tho fathe to draw, cither ioma Bible story, or bird, beast, or flowe mentioned in Scripture. Happy Sundays ! nover assocjntei with gloom or restrictions, but with God's works as well a His Word, nnd with sermons that nover wearied. Punishment was a word little known in his house. Cor- poral punishment was never allowed. His own childish experience of tho sense of degradation and unhealthy fear it produced, of the antagonism it called out between a child and its parents, a pupil and its teachers, gave him a horror of it. It had other evils, too, he considered, besides degrad ing both parties concerned. " More than half tho lying o children," he said, "is, I believe, tho result of fear, and the fear of punishment." On those grounds he made it a rule (from which he never departed), not to take a child suspected bf a fault, at unawares, by sudden question 0r hasty accusation, tho stronger thus taking an unfair advan tage of tho weaker and defenceless creature, who, in the mere confusiaa of the moment- might be taunted to deny or equivocate. " Bo wo not pray daily, ' Lord, confound mo not, and shall wo daro to confound our own children by sudden accusation, suspicious anger, mnking thom givo evidence against themselves, when wo don't allowa crimi- nal to do that in a court of Inw V Tho liner tho nature tho moro easily is it, confounded, whether it. bo of child, dog, or horse. It breaks all confidence between parent and child." Do not train a child," he said to a friend, "as men train a horse, by letting anger and punishment be tho first announcement of his having sinned. If you do, you induce two bad habits; first, tho boy regards his parent with a kind of blind dread, as a being who may be offended In- actions which to him aro innocent, and whose wrath ho expects to fall upon him nnv moment in his most pure and unselfish happiness. Alas ! for such a childhood ! Htiïiuç Xéyw .' Next, and worse still, tho boy learns not to fear sin, but tho punishment of it, and thus he learns to lie. At every first first, and offence too, teach him tho principle which makes it sinful-illustrate it by a familiar parable- and then if he sins again it will be with his eyes open !" He was careful, too, not to confuse or " confound" his children by a multiplicity of small rules. Certain broad, distinct laws of conduct were laid down. " lt is difficult enough to keep tho Ten Commandments," he would say, "without making an eleventh in every direction." This,! combined with his equable rule, gave them a sense of utter confidcnce and perfect freedom with him. They know what they woro about, mid where to find him, foi- ho had no "moods" with them, and if they had, ho could bo pitiful and pnticnt. Like a bravo man ns ho was, ho kopt his foelings of doprossion, nnd those dark hours -of wrestling with doubt and disappointment, nnd nnxioty, which must como to overy thinking tooling human being, within tho sanctuary of his own heart, unveiled onlv to ono on earth, and to his Father in Heaven. And when ho carno out of his study, and mot. Kif. children and guests nt break- fast, ho would greet them with bright courtesy nnd that cheerful disengaged temper acquired by strict self-discipline, which enabled him to outer into all their interests, «nd tho joy and playfulness of tho moment. Tho family gatherings woro tho brightest hours in tho day, lit. up tis thoy woro with his marvellous humour. " I wonder," ho would say, "if there is so much laughing in any other home in Eng- land as in ours." Ho becamee a light-hearted boy once more in the presence of his children, and still moro remark - nbly so in that of his aged mother, when ho saw her taco clouded with depression during her Inter years, which woro spent under his roof. Ho brought sunshine into her room whenever ho entered it, ns wall as tho strong spiritual con- solation which she needed, and received in his daily minis- tra tiona by hor bedside morning and oveniug. Thc griefs of children wore" to him most piteous. "A child over a broken toy is a sight I cannot heir," and when nursery griefs and broken toys were taken to tho study, ho was never too busy to mend thc toy aud dry tho tears. Ho held with Jean Paul Richter again, that children have their " days nnd hours of rain "-days when " tho child's quick- silver'" fulls rapidly boforo tho storms and cold weather of circumstances, nnd "parents should not considor or (uko much notico, oithor for nnxicty or sermons," lightly passing over thoso variations of temporaturo, except where they aro symptoms of coming illness.* And hero his knowledge of phvMology nnd that deliento organization of brain, which had givon him many a sad experienco in his own childhood, mndo him keon tö watch and dotoot such symptoms. Weariness nt lossons, and sudden ills of temper or obstinacy, ho detected, ns often springing from physical causes, and not to bo treated hastily ns moral, far less spiri- tual delinquencies, being merely, perhaps, phases of depres- sion, which pasa over with chango of occupation, air, nnd sceno, and the temporary cessation of nil brain-work. Justice and morey, arid that rigid self-control, which kept him from spoaking a hnsty word or harbouring a mean suspicion, combined with a divino tenderness, woro his governing principios in all his homo relationships. The next literary work undertaken was "Two I Years Ago," which attracted universal attention, and 1 what was cspcciallj- gratifying, drew forth many letters of thanks from sailors who thereafter often wrote to consult them in their difficulties, and attended his ministrations when possible. I Alluding to the teaching contained in this book, tho winner of a Victoria cross in the Crimea thus writes : " Probably tho moro common typo of spiritual guide is useful in his way- preaching maxims of 'expediency and conventionality mixed up with thc sacred writing« of hi« .particular creed ; but 1 know numbers of men, and some women, too, whose hearts can only bo touched by a voice which proclaims tho moral duty of trying to do right, simply because it is right, without any regard of consequences -men who 8xi their God's will not in an arbitrary classifi- cation hy ticket for heaven or hell, but in tho gradual disci- pline which shall sooner or later subdue every evil passion, und rbdneo human irregularities to that kind of order and self-control which is exemplified, for our instruction, by tho operation of every law of nature." In 1SG9, Mr. Kingsley's appointment ns Chaplain in OrdinnTy to her Majesty, and later to the Professor- ship of Modern History, at Cambridge, left him but little leisure for writing, and his labours were still further increased by a request from the Prince Consort to form a private class for the Prince of Wales. This was accordingly arranged, nnd his Koynl Highness settled nt Mndingly, and rode three times a week to Mr. Kingsley's house for lectures, twice with the class, and every Saturday to go through a resume of the week's work alone. The friendship with the Royal Family thus began was continued through life, though the classes were brought to an abrupt termination by the death of the Prince Consort. About a year later, the " Waterbabies," that most charming of stories for children, was thus begun. Sitting at breakfast at tho rectory one spring morning this year, tho father was reminded of an old promiso, "Rose, Maurice, and Marj- havo got thoir book, nnd baby must havo his." Ho mndo no answer, but got up nt once and went into his study, locking tho door. In half an hour ho roturncd with* tho story of Littlo Tom. This was tho first chapter of "Tho Waterbabies," written off without a cor- rection. The rest of tho book, whioh appeared monthly in "Macmillan's Magazine," was composed with tho sumo quickness and oise as tho first chapter-if indeed what was so puroly nn inspiration could bo called composing, for tho whole tiling seemed to flow naturally out ot his brain and heart, lightening both of n burden without exhausting either; and tho copy went up to tho printer's with scarcely n flaw. Ho was quito unprepnrod for tho sonsation it would mnke. About tho Waterbabies, ho writes to Mr. Maurice : " When you reid it, I hopo you will see that I have not been idling my timo away. I havo tried, in nil sorts of queer ways, to inako children and grown folks understand that there is a quito miraculous nnd divino element under- lying nil physical nature ; and that nobody knows anything about, anything, in the sense in which thoy may know God in Christ, and right and wrong. ' And if I hàvo wrapped up my parahle iu seeming Tom-foolories, it is because so only could I get tho pill swallowed by a generation who are not believing with anything like their whole heart in tho Living God. "Meanwhile, remember that tho physical science in tho book is not nonsense, but accurate earnest, as far as I dare speak yet." Such a work must have been a relief to his mind in the midst of many cares, and the storms of con- troversy that were constantly raging around him, drawn forth no doubt by his own words, sometimes of wisdom too advanced for tho age, and sometimes, it must bo owned, of heat and indiscre- tion, The two most remarkable of these controversies were tho discussion on the efficacy of prayer for rain, caused by a sermon preached on the subject, of which the following extract contains the gist ; and sometime later, a correspondence with Dr. Newman. "Now, pernaps, you may better understand why I said that I was afraid of being presumptuous in praying for fine weather. I do not blame any one for so doing ; God forbid. Who am I, to judge another? To his own Master each man stands or fails ; yea, and ho shall stand, for if ho bo a righteous and pious man God is able to make him stand. All I say is, that looking at tho matter as I do, it would be presumptuous in me ; and I do not wish to do it, unless I am commanded by my bishop, in which case my duty is to obey orders. But "I dö shrink from praying for fine weather on 'my own responsibility ; and for this simple reason either we expect that our prayers will alter tho weather, or we do not. If we do not expect it, we are most presump- tuous in praying this prayer, for we are simply mocking God ; and, if we do expect it, are we not somewhat pre- sumptuous also ? I know little or nothing about tho weather, and God knows all. Which is most likely to be right-God or I ? . God knows by what means those rains are produced ; I do not. God knows what effect they will have ; I do not. And shall I set up my wisdom-or rather my ignorance-against God's wisdom ? Shall I sot up my narrow notions of what is good for England against God's boundless knowledge of what is good for England, and for tho whole world at tho same time ? Shall I pre sume, because I think it is raining too long hero, to ask God to alter tho tides of the ocean, tho form of tho continents, tho pace at which tho earth spins round, tho force, tho light, and speed of sun and moon ? For all this, and no less, I shall ask if I ask him to alter tho skies, even for a single day. .' " For tho weather, my friends, depends upon no arbitrary changes in tho will of God ; but on laws as fixed and certain as those by which tho seed becomes a plant, or by which a stone falls' to the ground. We know little as yet about tho laws of tho weather ; hut this we know more and more cer- tainly, that it has laws ; that even in this variable climate of England, tho rules of weather are really as fixed and per- petual as they are in those countries where tho wet season and tho dry, the hot season and tho cold, follow each other year after year with unvarying regularity. Yes-here, as elsewhere, every shower ' and every sunbeam is fore- ordained from tho foundation of tho world. God has given them a law which cannot be broken, and they continue this day according to His ordinance, serving Him, and fulfilling His word. Let them serve Him then, and not us. Lot them fulfil His word, and not ours. Could we alter them ? I think not. Would it be good for us to alter them ? I think not also." Writing to Mr. Kingsley on tho subject, Sir Charles Lyell gives the following anecdote : " Some thirty years ago I was told at Bonn of two pro- cessions of peasants, who had climbed to tho top of tho Peter's Borg, one composed of vine-dressers, who were' intending to return thanks for sunshine, and pray for its continuance; the others from a corn distriot wanting tha drought to cease and tho rain to fall. Each were eager to get possession of tho shrine of St. Peter's Chapel before tho other, to secure tho saint's good offices, so they came to blows with fists and sticks, much to tho amusement of tho Protestant heretics at Bonn, who, I hope, did not, by such prayers as you allude to, commit tho same solecism," occa- sionally, only less coarsely carried out into action." The controversy with Dr. Newman was on tho question whether the Roman Catholic priesthood are encouraged or discouraged to pursue " truth for its own sake." The discussion itself ended in no satis- faction to either side, but the world was the gainer ' by its being tho cause which eventually produced Newman's famous " Apologia pro vita suii." That Kingsley was actuated by no personal animosity is proved by a letter written four years later on" the subject of tho " Dream of Gerontius." " I read tho Dream with awe and admiration. However utterly I may differ from tho entourage in which Dr. New- man's' present creed surrounds thu central idea, I must feel that that central idea is as truo as it in noble, and it, as I suppose, is this : Tho longing of tho soul to behold Deity, converted, by tho moro act of sight, into a self-abasement and self-annihilation so utter that tho soul is ready, oven glad, to be hurled hack to any depth, tu endure any pain, from tho momeut that, it becomes aware of Cod's actual per- fection and its own utter impurity and meanness. " How poor my words are in expressing in prose what Dr. N. has expressed in poetry, I nm well aware. But I ¡un thankful to any man, who under any parabolic, or oven questionably (ruo forms, will teach that to a generation which is losing moro and moro tho scn beginning confessedly to hato excollenco for its own sake, as tho Grook ostracised Aristides becauso ho was tired of hearing him called ' Just.' " In 18G9 tho Professor of History resigned his omeo at Cambridge on becoming Canon of Chester, nnd at the end of tho year ho fulfilled ono of the dreams of his life by accepting the invitation of Sir Arthur Gordon, then Governor of Trinidad, to visit him in the West Indies. How great nn enjoyment was tliis realization of thc scenes imagined "and described in " 'Westward Ho," may be seen in " At Last," in which he describes his voyage and thc natural and historical wonders of the New World. On his return tó 'England betook possession of "Tho Residence " in Chester for three months, and there, besides his Cathedral duties, ho engaged in many works for tho benefit of tho citizens. As usual his heart turned to tho young men, whoso tima on lone; spring nnd summer evenings might bo turned to account, and ho offered to start a littlo class on physical science, expecting to havo perhaps at most, sixteen to twenty young shopmen and clerks. Botany was tho chosen subject, and in n small room belonging to "the city library, on tho walls, ho began-tho black board and a bit of white chalk being as usual of important help to tho lectures, which ho illustrated throughout. Tho class soun increased so much in numhors that ho had to migrate to a larger room >-a walk and n field lecture was proposed onco a week-and tho party was watched from tho walls with surpriso, and one« tho gathering was so largo that a man who mot thom supposed thom to bo a congregation going olT to tho opening of a Dis- senting chnpol in the country. This was tho beginning of tho Chester Natural History Sooiety, which" cow numbers between fivo and six hundred members, with president, secretary, monthly mooting report, régulai' summer excur- sions, and winier courses. In addition to this, he gave many lectures on subjects of thc day, in various parts of the country, and his remarks on " Sanitary Reform " are well worthy of being collected and circulated by the health societies of England. There was much grief among tho Chester people when their beloved Canon was removed to West minster, there to do a great though brief work among the thousands who listened to his fervid words. But his strength, already failing, was unablo to bear the excitement of these Sundays, and his eldest son, on a visit from America," remarking his broken appearance, persuaded his father to return with him for rest and change of scene. This trip, though keenly enjoyed boin by himself and those nmongst whom he travelled, did not succeed in }.hc matter of health. At San Francisco he caught a severe cold, resulting in pleurisy. Prom this attack ho recovered sufficiently to preach many times in America, and on his return to England, both at Eversley and in thc Abbey. But he had never recovered from thc illness, nnd when a second attack came on it shook him terribly. On All Saints' Day he preached for thc last time nt West- minster, ending with the words,-" And therefore let us say, in utter faith, ' Come as Thou secst best ; but, in whatsoever way Thou comest-even so coe, Lord's Jesus.' " As soon as the sorvice was over he came home much exhausted, and went straight up to his wife's room. " And now my work hore is done, thank God ! and.I finished with your favourite text." The next day he caught fresh cold, but mode light of it, tliinking of nothing but tho joy of returning to Eversley with, his wife. Tho journey down hat serious consequences for her, already in. critical health, and in a few days he was told there was nc hope. Doy and night he ministered to the beloved one, but the charm of life was over if she hnd to leave it, and he grew careless of safety, and inwardly de- pressed though outwardly calm, was an easy victo to cold mid snow. On tho 28th of December ho took to his bed, and pneu- monia, with its terriblo symptoms, carno on rapidly. Hi had promised his wife to '* fight for lifo " for.his children'! sake, and ho did so for a time ; but tho enemy, or as he wouk have said himself, " kindly doath," was loo strong for him nnd in a few weeks tho battle waa over and ho was nt rest Tho weather was bittor, and ho had beon warned that hi; recovery depended on tho samo temperature hoing kept ti] in his room, and on his novel- leaving it ; but ono day hi leapt out of bcd, carno into his wifo's room for a ion moments, and taking her baud in his, ho said, " This i: heaven-don't speak;" but after a short silence, a severe fi of coughing carno on, ho could say no moro, and thoy neve: mot again. When told that another move would bo fatal ho replied, " Wo have said all to each other, wo havo made up our accounts ; " nnd often repeated, " It is all right; al as it Bhould be." For a few days a correspondence wa: kopt up in pencil ; and on Decomber 30 ho wroto of thi: " terriblo trial," tho fiery trial of sopmntion, to both s< bitter nt such a moment. "But," ho adds, "lam some- what past fretting-almost past feeling. ... I knon it must bo right, becauso it is so strango and painful." Agaiu, on Now Year's Eve, "I nm much better iuni ways. Thank God for tho gleam of sun and tho frost 01 tho window-pano." . . . And again, in tho last lette; ho over wroto, on January 3rd, a bright morning, tho firs Sunday in tho year: "Ah ! what a good omen for tin coming year-this lovoly Sunday morning. May it moa: light and peace and blessing in both worlds for us all!' . But, to uso his own words, it thon became " tot painful, too tantalising," and tho letters ceased. Ho was now kopt constantly under tho influence of opiate to quiet tho cough and keep off humiorrhnge, nud his dream woro always of his trnvelsintboWe.it Indies, the Rock} Mountains, and California. Theso scenea ho would describí night after night, to the trainoi nurse from Westminstoi Hospital who sat up with him, and whoso unwearied cara am skill can never bo forgotten. Ho would tell her, too, of thi travels of his oldest son in America, of whom he continual]; spoko with love and pride, and to whoso success in lifo ho RI eagorly looked. His own physical oxperionecs wero ver; singular to him, for ho sat as a spectator outsido himself and said if ho recovered ho would writo a book about them. Ho spoKo but littlo latterly, and tho fear of exciting hin made those around afraid of telling him anything tba would rouse him to a sensoof his groat loneliness. But on morning boforo his condition becaino hopeless, when smn littlo letters, enclosing soino drawings to amueo him, hui como from Ute young Princes nt Sandringham, who love him woll and woro sorry for hisillnoss nnd his jrriof, hi doctor said thoy might bo shown him. They touched hin deeply : and his messages in answer were among tho last h sent. On Sunday, tho 17th, ho sat up for a few moments whore ho could.sco from tho bedroom window which lookei into tho churchyard Hin dear pooplo go into church, am spoko of their " goodnoss" to him, and how ho loved them Ho reiterated tho words: "It is all right. All under rule.' On tho 20th January tho Princo of Wales, whoso regar and affection had novcr failed for fourtoen years, roquoste Sir William Gull to go down to Eversley. Ho, too, though recovery possiblo ; but immediately after his visit hiemorr hngo returned-tho end seemed near, Isnd then tho fu: truth-and not a painful ono-burst upon him. " Heynes,1 ho said, " I am hit ; this last shot has told- did F..tell yoi about tho f unoral ? Wo settled it all," and then hu repeated in tho very words used to himself, tho arrangements thii had boen inado in viow of the event ho had' been dreading which God mercifully spared him ; und after mentioning o tho bearers solectcd (labouring men endeared by old paris! memorios), "Lot there bo no paraphernalia, no hatband* no carriages." . . . He was calm nud content. H had no need to put his mind into a fresh attitude, fo his lifo had long been "hid with Cbri.it in God.' Twenty-fivo years boforo, in speaking of a friend, who dil not accept Christianity, ho had said, "Tho moro I seo c him, tho moro I learn to love the true doctriucs of th Gospel, because I seo moro nnd moro that only in fnith nu lovo to tho Incarnate God, our Saviour, can tho cleverest, « woll as tho simplest, find tho pcaco of God which passe understanding." In this faith ho had lived-and ns ho ha lived, so ho died- humble, confident, unbowlldered. Thn night ho was heard murmuring, " No moro fighting-n moro fighting;" and thon followed intense, earnestprnyerf which were his habit when alone-too sacred for nn listener. Yes, his warfare wns accomplished, he had fougl tho gool fight, and never grounded his arms until God too them mercifully out of his bravo hands and gave him rest. At the time it was expected that the wife woul not be separated from the husband, even in death but .she was spared to record the memorie of him whoso helper she had been through life As soon as the nows reached Westminster, n tele gram from the Dean came to Ms children, " Bear ul under the blow. You will, perhaps, choose Eversley but the Abbey is open to the Canon, and the Poet.' His, owl beloved village was chosen, and of tb] funeral his brother-in-law thus writes . . i ' " Who," saya.Max.Müller, "CHU forget ttot.f poral ö (bo2Sth;ofJ»i«nry, 1875, and tho largo snd throng that giithercdirJ^d tho gravo? Thora was tho representative of tho PriW' Wales, and, closo hy, tho gipsies of Evers- ley Comfei'!>! who unod lo rall hlm'thoir 1 I'atrieo-rai (their Priest l^iafS Tliure was tho «nuira of his village, and tho labourers vows and old, to whom ho had been a friend aud a fiitlmri Tahiti weil) governors of dislnntcolonics, olllcers and HuilbDiiho bishop of his diocoso, mid Iho denn of his ' oblmy ; iiW were tho leading Noiicoiiforiniats of tho nuighboiiili'-di "nd h's own devoted curates, poors «nd inomliisnjiiiho House of Commons, authors and publishers, I and thoi-liai's'.utm in pink ; and, outside Ibo churchyard, I thc hi«iic<>*'1 tho hounds, for though us good u clergyman N3 »ny, Cliarl«.Kingsley hud been a good sportsman, and had taken iii hi.'I'fo ninny a fonra as bravely ns ho look thu last icuce ul »ll, without lear or trembling. AU that ho had loved, itel"" that had hived him was (Intro, mid few oyes were dry»'1'" ho was luid in his own gravel bcd, tho old trees, wtó'.ho had planted and cared for, waving Ibcir brancha* whim for the last lime, and Iii« grey sunny «ky lookiiigikl ^ with calm pily on tho denni lcd rectory, and on tho short K's «nd tho »hot tor atuTortngs of mortal niau." And ftlovod and honoured of mon, passed away Charles Kingsley, a man with sonic faults, which a lov'nigjwä would naturally not bethe ono to record, and inaiir indiscretions that arc gladly pardoned on accountiithe warm impulsiveness which was their cause. S His life, in spite o£ the vein of melancholy whichifaisded with thc koon humour, and though full ofÜuown pains, was on tho whole a happy ono, for its;, tsipcnsations wore many. Tho demon of restlcsiniKi though doubtless a tiring possession, drove jíiia not violently down steep places, hut up heights »herc his soul found refreshment, and Mhithorl: could beckon his fellow-men. And what is more »re. the_ circumstances of his hoing wero congcrusl to his nature-tv country life, yet constarit«portunitics for intellectual converse-a ter tile braisât vainly fumbling for outward expression, but w'cil'd to graphic power of pen and pencil. There ''Kt! self-denials, no doubt;-a keen lover of sport, :h.,v.ad but little: time to indulge that taste ; a good ri¿¡ and judge of a horse, yet condemned to jogV ¿"l3 on sonic screw " picked up cheap for porsoij'swrk ;" a lover of tasteful surroundings, yet too poor!) indulge in art luxuries. These were trials, it is trw,but such as ninny have to endure without the eornnondiiig advantages, and in midst of soul hardeni'-;. instead of elevating occupations. On ibvhole, this memoir is a well-compiled hook,' and ihtffely interesting, though it has some of tho usual [f¿ts of biographies by near relatives. There arc thoswho, disagreeing with his opinions and con dcmiiinpaiiy of his works and acts, fail to see even tho niab beauly of Kingsley's character. To them wc wat. recommend thc consideration of his own wordi t-'The older I grow, thc moro tolerant I get, Btiiht-licvo that Wisdom is justified of all her childre'-nnd poor dear old Folly of some of hers also.'? But ic many who love the author of " West« wavdïlf will riot find his wife's words too laudatory» and ohliäco the moro clearly for her memories that the spiriof his life waa expressed in thc words quoted by DeaiStaiilcy in his funeral sermon :-" Some say' ? that (hugo of chivalry is past, that tho spirit of. romanes dead. The agc of chivalry is never past, so long »stiere is a wrong left umodrcssed on earth, or a mah : woman left to say, 1 will redress that wrong or spcrimy lifo in tho attempt. The agc of cliivtdry is ncvonst, as long as wc have faith enough to say God yr.help inc to redress that wrong, or if not me; lío wiV.ielp those who come after me, for His eternal will is:overcome evil with good." And his is true, while leal knights like Charles King'sh, large-hearted and bravo, though faulty, it may bc can liso up amongst us to help the failing, and lei beyond earth's small interests to tho Holy Grail's purer light. God grant that thc agc ol chivnlnnay even bc known in Australia, and from out. thc iirk ages of sordid selfishness some of our sons may yt comb forth to strive for nobler aims, as VniVhtí-i tho irood cause of charity and truth. Í AUSTRALIE. To-'BERU HY SEA.-Although Siberia is by no nicimsj newly cliscovc-rcd country (observes" the Graphie it is only ot hue'years thal it has been talked of as a and of El Dorado, possessing incalculable natural vcalth. Tho grout tract of country -which sprcadssolf over thc- whole of thc extreme north oi Asia mr bc divided from tho south to tho north into three gat regions-tho regions of wheat, of forest, and (Wishing and hunting. Tho whole of these regionsro immensely rich in mineral productions! gold another precious metals being found in abund- ance ;" it these immense sources of wealth havf hithertcemaincd comparatively undeveloped because of the cicult and expensive nature of the overland route bwhich alone thc country could bc reached from thoivilizcd parts of tho world. Nothing could be mormanifest than thc importance of finding out whcthei practicable sea route existed, and the com mercialworld is, therefore, deeply indebted ta Captait Wiggins,, of Sunderland, by whose energy nd enterprise the problem has at lasl been i eisfactorily solved. Thc most important busines-cntros of thc country can now be reached in about twelve days' steam voyage from England CaptainVigghis made voyages tb thc Sea of Kara ii. 1S71 ánlSTó, entirely at his own expense ; and lost summci having received pecuniary aid from two Russiaimerehants, Ito made another voyage, and passiriglong thc shores of thc Samoied'c country, penetral as far as thc Gulf of Obi. He afterwards steamecip thc Yenisei River as far as a place called Kurciktfrom whence he mndc a sledge journey of about-71 miles to Yeniseisk, where he w«s treated by thc mer ants with enthusiastic hospitality, and re- ceived mplimcnlary telegrams from the Imperial Soeictiêmd thc Mayor of St. Petersburg. Captain Wigginaas now gone back overland to Yeniseisk* and to runt to England by the new route with & cargo olio commercial products of the country. A. glance) ¡thc map will show thc importance of tha new airway that this intrepid explorer has opened up. Ti rivers Obi, Yenisei, and Irtish extend southwti to Turkestan and China; and the caain is sanguine in his expectation1 of fihdg a northern sea route to China and!. . «Tapani .[any curious experiences were met with by thc gallt captain during Iiis journey. On thc shores of some: thc islands ho saw great quantities of drift- wood, j insisting of gigantic trees which had beei* borne dvn the river from thc forests, and were thora rottinjW the water. Ile also came upon several desertecillagos, which, from tho remains of boiling-' houses* c., ho judged to have been once inhabited bj 2>oople)ignged in the snal-lishing. At llriowchowsky, on tlie-Ynisci, thc King of thc Samoiedcs came on board ¡1, vessel. His name was Patclik.tr, and he pilotertie little vessel veiw cloverly through some of tito chaicls as far as Cape Muksuminskiji. Tho Samoiatä àre descended from thc original inhabitants, of then ist Siberian plain which extends from the Altai toie Arctic Sea, but the Mongolian race have for huñicds of years gradually encroached upon their' land, an their chief scat at present is the region lying betweenthe Obi and thc Yenisei. They have bee» little iiiucncod by Russian civilization or Chris- tianity,-id still retain most of their ancient manners and custns, living principally by fishing and hunt» ing, andhe rearing of reindeer. Mr. D MOKOAN AND THE CLAIMANT.-Previous to» carrying.ut his design of invading the Palace of! Westmiitcr at thc head of his host of one hundred; I thousaiit men, and demanding the release of the: Claimant Mr. John Dc Morgan (says the Evening^ Slandardis stirring up thc minas of the inhabitants, of Yoi'ksirc. He delivered a lecture in Skipton-in-' Craven sew nights ago on the " Tichborne Scandal,'* and berated it by flaming placards and elaborate; hatidbillsnaking statements that sundry noblemen* among o|'crs thc Earls of Malmesbury and North- brook, wee iirmly convinced th at " thu melancholy noblemnnnow languishing in prison " was hiinselr and nobÜy else, the veritable Sir Roger. A. gentleman in the town whose attention had! been utt^ctcd by those printed asseverations' took the bierty to question them, and communicated; with thc Noblemen whose names were mentioned. From both he answers received were prompt and un- ambiguous. Load Malmesbury wrote, *. Sir,-I ami much obliged to you for sending mo the lying hand- bill in whl'h ray name appears as believing thaj Claimant tobe Sir R. Tichborne. I, on the contrary,: consider hui as n vile impostor, well deserving thc' punishment he is undergoing." Lord ^Northbrook ia', equally empiatic, After thanking his correspondent for having icquaintccl him with the circumstance that his narre had been employed as that of one who believed thc Claimant to bo Sir Roger Tich- borne, ho adds, "The allegation is entirely untrue. Ny name has been mentioned most unjustifiablyand without any authority from me."' This trick |of bolstering up tho pretensions ol tho Dartabor felon by fictitious certificates of approval; is not new to thc sect who believe everybody who does not believe ns thej believe to be fools and fanatics. But the expo- sure will have no effect on Mr. John de Morgan; Professional agitators uro as pachydermatous as elephants, and' he will probably only convert tho indignant protests of thc two peers into additional proofs of thc injustice to which Orton is subjected, and stronger reasons why the masses should resemble in their might and march upon the House of Com-, mons, thereto demand his release from a rehictaw1 administration. . . ; _ - 