THE MYSTERIES OF CRIME; OB, The Expediences Oe an Edinbhbgh JDexecxite.—No. IIX. [Published by special arrangement with the Author.] • • A THIEF TRAPPING A THIEF. j I heard.!of the change in.Mclndoe's mode of life, but not lmowing thoroughly at the tjime the • overwhelming:, caiise's that had been at -work to bring: it.' about, I placed, little reliance ion its joontihuance.' .It* is common for an honest man to turn a thiefj but very, uncommon.'for a. thief to turn <Jsquare" ;But. in this,case I; was agrees ably disappointed—Hugh.McIndoe kept at ijt, week .after;, week; month after month, ; till my admiration, was excited, and I tried . to get 'into ;cpnyersatipn.with;him'. But i here another disappointment;: awaited me.;. Mclndoe'awhole mamaerandnatui'e seemed changed, and. now he resolutely shunned society .and. conversation' .in eyejry form; Heworked like a slave, hardly every spoke, ; saw ho one,: and, when not, forking or ; sleeping,, spent the few remaining moments of ms tune in wandering gloomily through our darkest wynds and closes. I used to .meet him thus at afthours—yery late at night, and. very, early, in the .morning—so much so, that I- sometimes faintly won dered to myself if he ever found time to sleep; but upon these occasions he inva riably avoided me, .gliding past me stern and silent, more like a dark shadow than a . living," breathing man. One.; night, how ever, to my surprise, he did .not go past, never forget anything. -All; your words came back on me like a judgment; would to God I - had believed'them ;when you spoke. I may give you some work one o': these nights. I have waited and watched . so long and so patiently—and sometimes, if it had not been for my hard work, I think I should have gone; mad. But I mean to begin soon—soon !" | " Begin what, Hughie ?" I asked, peering curiously into his face,; not quite certain hut that his troubles .had touched his brain. I u To hunt them down!" he hoarsely cried, gripping my arm. harder than ever, and fiercely waving.the other hand through the. darkness." " They took my Kate and my wee Tommy—hunted- them down—killed them—and left me lone and. desolate. By. all "the laws.of God and man they deserve to he punished—routed out—scattered like chaff before the wind—and I will do it." " I;am very-.sorry-:—" I began. . : " I know you are—but don't speak of them—it makes me mad!" he cried, with a look of anguish., " But, remember my words. They think I've forgotten all, and settled down tamely, to'a new life., Ha, ha, ha! Let ,-them think;so—let them dream of security tftl they find me - down ion them li^e a wolf., Good-bye. Don't, notice me on the street." ' - "With this incoherent roll of words, and'' almost before his wild laugh .had died away, he was off, leaving me confused and uncer tain, but still knowing enough. to pity him keenly, . Hovsr I neixt saw liim brings ine directly to the subject of this, paper. A few days after this strange interview, a most remarkable railway robbery was reported, to us. at the. Head- Office. . It seemed that one of our large jeweller firms in Princes-street, having executed an order tor a number qf silver cups and otiier smaller prizes for a Glasgow flower show, had safely packed the whole in a tin box or., casket, made specially for them, and secured with two small padlocks, and "con signed the whole to the railway fox con veyance, after duly notifying to the reci-. pients the exact hour and train by, which they might he expected. This happened to be a few weeks before 'Christmas,'when, nearly every train, was overcrowded with parcels, and, in conseiquence, the tin box was crowded, along with .a. great numlber more of parcelsand boxes, into the guard's break van. This place bad shelves round' three Sides for the systematic arrangement, of parcels with regard tp their destinations, and on the lowest of these shelves was placed the 'heavy tin box wrap! in brown , paper,, and,., after a fashion ' Considered wise by jewellers, bearing no mark to indicate the -valuable nature of its > Contents. The guard knew it was there, I for he had lifted it in, off the hurly with his own hands, and' distinctly remembered saying as I19 did bo,. ^ That's a heavy one hnjtr'afterwtods box after box and parcel after parcel arrived, till he was completely dhi\tawayfrom the spot. As soon. as the train was in motipn .he lifted, .the. lantern •, anft carefully tgihed ifs glare on every shelf f in the vaii, and was afterwards- firmly of , opinion not only that the tin boxwas there exactly where he had .placed it, hut that no-' ' one but himself could possibly he secreted- • ih 'the van; tiieii.be placed 'the lantern at the very end of' the: shelf, with its glare ; turned on the hreak-vvheel, which princi-r ] patty; occupied his; attehuon " during the . remainder of,the journey.; * ' And yet, whep the. tram ran into Gla&f-; j gow, ana the- jewpller'js ordjsr of consigm." j mentwas priesented/at.the yeiyyandoorj;: the box was gone, 1, . \ ;j The guard, pale -and perspiring at the, , discovery, was hard to convince, of the; j truth. - : - " . -s 7 r i - «I know it's hem somewhere," he said, j feverishly, shining the, lantern into every £ nook ana corner, and wildly turning-,oyer ' boxes and parcels pf every kind in the vain search. " I know it, because I put it there, t myself." t " ■ «' Every parcel and box was turaed outr j counted, and compared with .the' book;-* every one was safe .hut that most -eagerly > sought for and demanded—the. tin box was gone. The losswas .too^ serious to.te;.f Brooked for a moment, and instantly. a tele^ , fram of enquiry was dispatched ;tp Edin-, r m*gh to learn if the box might not; have ; been left behind. The reply settled all.. It was simply, " The guard knows, that he got it." Suspicion was at once excited; j ." "What was easier," reasoned the despoiled ,; . parties, " than for the guard, knowing the r value of the tin case, to drop it bodily out. of the van to some confederate at a lonely [ part- of the way ?. The whole thing is clear r as day—arrest him!" Arrested accordingly he was,iand then : his memoiy became quickened regarding a strange incident on the way. His .state- r ment—which I regret to. say was coolly set L down as an absurd romance of his own con coction—was that when the: train was r about half-way, an unusual noise at the.. . other end' of the van caused him to start ' round in the midst of reading something, out. of a torn scrap, of newspaper. The light . was uncertain, Being, as I, have stated,.: turned full on the..break-wheel; hut thq momentary. impression of. the guard was, i that he saw a head—that of a man,; clothed/ : ipa fur cap—dive down from inspecting £ the lower shelves, and hide behind the lit-...; ter of boxes.on the floor. Slightly startled^., hut almost certain that his eyes, had de ceived him, , the guard turned and' leant . pver the boxes to peer down behind, hut - . saw nothing to confirm. the momentary . .glimpse. What he might have seen had ho ; ' lifted the lantern, and turned its glare full down in the darkness, of course, is quite /1 ajnother thing. However, be that asit naayK-,r his impression was, that .no one l^y hidden -t/ ! Behind;theboxes, and that the.missing-B05 was then still On the - shelf where ;he binj.-;, [ sielf' had placed it. , .;; ' : r ! Intnisstate tbe.case was laid before ' and X must, * say that it,; rmystified,; tjs-f -j 1 thoroughly.: Even . plowing > ;vthp: /.§fa$Hg$; i dtory of "tne guard to .fce. truej how,.was-4t, X possible for a fur-capped man _to get inio the van without being, seen, and..th,en get, r out again bearing, a heavy box,. with. the r train going at full speed jand awatchful ;> guard never out of the van? True,"the- j van had two doors—one on each side.;, but tjhenthe one in use was^ securely ; locked; .j with the upper half 01* window, it; /was said, firmly secured on the inside; • and; [ even supposing the guard's back- tp ' be turned and his hearing dulled while en taged at the break-wheel, it could; only ., eve been by an exercise of the upst shrr, { prising agility that a man could have,darted;J out from behind the boxes, pwuhg out.^ through the window, and escaped.^. ■; ; Wide we were thus, puzzlii^^our^eilves^ 1 and the case .looking' very dark 'for the ' poor guard, the report of the' affair got into , the papers, and set another a-thinking as well. That other was Hugh .Mdndpe The daring and clean manner in which the robbery had been effectedhe could attribute ' to but one cause—the personal presence j and skill of his invisible enemy,^ The r Ruffian. Now was the time to strike*—^the . very thought of it sent a thrill of wild delight and fierce excitement through hip veins—but how was the mystery to be lai|4; j bare and the thief hunted down ? After "' long and deep thought' he decided to em- l ploy a second hand—ra thief, it is true, but One- blessed with an utter absence of. r scruples of any kind. This was : Simon Penbank, the. third of the three characters 1 promised to introduce., This man was a .; seedy, shabby-genteer.beggar, or loafer, or, * thief—whichever came handiest or bepti; suited him for the moment. He was tire 1 j coolest customer, I believe, that it was , Eossible to meet with anywhere. To revile,; im as a thief, a swindler, a cheat, or a' j liar, was only to praise hiru, and,, far from, f exciting his anger,; would only call fprfch his - thanks in the shape of a neait little, pet ^ speech—for, having been a* man 6f'.'some-'1, education, , he {Was. always exact and per- 1 epicuous. In' His language to a. nicety*- r Nothing, could .disturb him. He livejd jixi" a j wbrid of liis :oWfp*, treacherous M watpyahd,. false as Satan .ib^.-.hip dealpigs,'.I-mth;a,. crave; for1 flrifik'p^ecjfe^ believe if' hfe had actually Ibeeh' broughttp ; the, gallowd be would'' Mye surveyed the crdwd'Vith'a behijgh ddiflr^nrbanfely offer ing his arm ixrthe ,'chaplaih in ascending; the scaffold; with some cool remark about;' the character of the weather or the density r of the crowd. ' ' This was the man to whom Mclndoe turned for help. He hunted him out in his 1 favorite haunt, a low publicrhouse in the. Cowgate, and sternly repressing all bus ful- ; some demonstrations of friendship, opened - up his business. '' ; Simon Penbank looked very grave ,iti- - deed till the mention of the word " money,". when every pimple on his face instantly1 flashed with enthusiasm in the new cause. " Sir," he said, attempting to seizeanct ' shake Mclndoe's hand, " I will be most' ' happy to serve you." . ' "As long as my money lasts1" bitterly, rejoined the reformed thief. Penhahk opened his eyes to their widest, " Exactly, he said, with the utmost codlr " neee. "You surely, did not for a moment. • suppose otherwise P I/am a creature of * pircumstancesl ,'To^day I serve you—yoni pay me—all g<^^and' well. To-morrow I " turnTny attention vto ik(meone else—some^' "tme with leap skill orcunning tliian myself— from whoinl steal, beg, 6rbfirrbw,and.so get through the day in' comfort and peace. Next d ay I may—ah, who can fpre tell tlie exigencies of life ?—I may . betray you, should anyone richer; bid' for yoii or vbur possessions. : Sad necessity—none would hrierit it more tban myself 1" " I understand you perfectly," calmly re plied itclndoe ; " I knew your worth before I decided to employ you. You may begin when you like to betray me; I have nothing toloseinpw.", : ' <{Nay, "that, dbes not follow," quickly re joiced tbb seedy .villain',' softened a little in spitb of hihiiself by tbe look, of agony that' crossed the dark face before him; "it is1 not probable that 1 shall betray youj it. is ' ouly possible; You see,. I live, from hand to mouth—from day to' day—exacting tribute alike from friend and fool My plan is "much derided by the;w^ld','but it is philosophy—it is life. 'My, whole' life has been devoted t.o studying the comfort and convenience of Number One. Can yen. blame me?" ' *• "t And you will even, for the sake of Number One, help me to cope and jug Number Two — 1 mean The Ruffian?" quickly addedMcLidoe. Simon Penbank paled' to the tip of his red nose, and, starting up and looking, fear fully around, laid his finger impressively omhis lip. "I didn't say-'that,"- he whispered with a sh&er.; ".No, :I didn't-say The Ruffian." "'What haye you to fear;:man ? It is I who run thtfrisk, if there is any; you are only to be the' Spy or go-between. At "any rate, you 'will try to discover the author of thfe" robbery,^he means used, and tbe fate of-the swag?7'" .. ' '' " I will—if you pay the well. But I think; you are wrong1' in supposing the active band ^tp be; The Ruffian's. No, he's tob wise to incur the risk-^he: might plan it/indeed,~but the; actual'worker is more likbiy to he;: Mizzling Scrbby^and, you know, be we'arfe ufur cap when at work." " Well, he too shall come down by tbe run l'-fidwely returned Mcindoe* for a mo ment forgetting himself. "He and bis wife were the mpst active in hunting dotfn popr Kate^turn about is fair play.' " If it ia Scroby, I will help you with all my heart," Vengefully rejoined Simon Pen bank, fumbling excitedly at the lapel of his seedy black coat, as was his habit when roused. -' ■ The ignorant' brute bad once tbe audacity to inBult me—me, who am so im meA8urably his superior'" : tittle more-passed betweeii them. Some money .went-; from" the hand 'of Hugh Mclndoe into: the' other's pocket, Simon laid . bis band on bis heart, raised tbe sbabby bat .on bis bead, and made his politest bow; and. so they parted. ' " But SimohPenbank was as active as be was needy, and only a few nights after the above compact he burst " in on Hugh Mdndoe, breathless with the unwonted exertion and brimful of information. • ^ Speak, man, -speak!" cried Mclndoe, as the seedy spy coughed and choked before him, apparently unable to get out a single word. ■ " What have_ you discovered ?" Simon Penbank raised bis eyes, held .out hikopen band, and suggestively scraped the palm with tbe, tips of bis fingers. (fOh, you want money first?" hurriedly continued Mclndoe, thrusting some coins into bis band at random. " I might have known jfc'—greedy as tbe grave." weedier—much greedier," coolly cor rectedtheseedy spy,- as lie pocketed the money/ * " TH'e 'grave exacts but .occa sional mouthfuls—I am incessantly on the crave;"- V.1' /• "The neWs?—the news? Do'tftchatter, but out with iti" . • r- " " _ "Well, The Ruffian planned the railway, lift, and Scroby worked it out." -".Hdw?" - ^ Simply enough. It was announced in 'the papers that-.Messrs..—— were to make the prize cups, : and The Ruffian had the shop -watched, for some days, before they were sent off!r 'Scroby got fii by the : otber •side of tbewah while the guard was chat; ting on the platform' before the train .started, and then threw out the .box before they were balf-Wayj and got out after it by the window while the' guard was looking out at the. other at some signals they were passing. Sprbby hurt his knee! and lade' in juinping off the train, but be was -well ehOugb to go back and pick up the tin;box, which he buried:tili the next day, when they sent for. it and squared up." • Aid where's the sWag ?" through the melting-pot aiid'bff to' Glasgow, c except - two or three ! JoE the smaller things which may be stalled here for toore money." . . ' " Good, good! that'll do!—one article would do, fot that part, so that it can be identified as' belonging; to the plunder," feverishly returned Mclhdoe. "Now here is .your' work,f' and you must say at once d«iidedly>wliethev you will do it or not. ITybu deaf double with me it will be the last time for a~ stretch of twenty years.that yo^ will cheat Anybody.; Ay, flush up as ybu;like—Tni'in earnest, nay, desperate-, but so long as you. do my bidding for a fair piice you, have, toothing to fear from me. Did the^otbers but know what bangs over thCm.they would give , something for the privilege: of changing places with you." SimonPenbank humbly laid the rim of hiS ahabby hat against his left breast and bowed. low. For once in his life he had met hjs mhtch. He leered up in astonish- | mbn^4tthe changed character before him, and. mingled with the astonishment was now a ^hblesome amount of cringing fear* i "What I want you .to do is to go to Scroby and tell bimyou hayefound a gen- j tleman willing to bpy,411 the stuff that bas -| not gone through fhp.melting-pot — a gentleman fond "of such "nicknacks,, and not ever particular as to where they come from." ■ .■ ' • Risky—but good.!. Planning power | above average,'-'said Simon Penbank, ap provingly, as if making mental estimate of* his employer's intellect. " Well, what next?" - • -...- •- *; j " .Next you must get. him rto put the, things in his .pockets—or conceal .them about his person in some way—and come to-the Clamshell stair, in the High- street, at 12 o'clock'to-night exactly, to meet the gentleman and make the bargain." _ "-Good again, -with the "exception of one tittle flaW," approvingly returned the: seedy spy. - "Suppose, the 'gentleman' should mike a misfaihe. atod nab me as well?" .."The gentleman will not nab you.",I, have already, given' you my word.^o that effect, and you don't need to be reminded that, with me'that ris as.'good as *a solemn. oath," Calmlyi returned Slclndoe.'. Tm' glad yqu understand me—it. saves a waste fof words. ' I mean to trap Scroby first-^ ' The Bnffian shall follow, though' I should die in the act of striking at him. • You tfeetr him no goodwill either. Til swear ?'! Simon Penhank shuffled and changed, color at the dreaded name. "I don't know,", he uneasily answered; speaking in a cautious whisper.! "If it could be safely done, I don't deny but I would like to help him into quod. But the risk—consider the risk.. I nave but one skin, and my desire is to; preserve'it whole andintact." ' This was nearly all. their conversation. Some more money changed hands' between them, and they got down from i:he garret r and parted at the head of the Horse Wynd ' —Pehbank to depart on his chrious hiis sion, and Mclndoe to tike his way up the back of the College and .the Potterrow to Imy'house. It was now near ten o'clock, and the streets were getting empty, but there were still some abroad, who noted curiously the excited gestures and gleaming' eyes of the reformed thief as he strode along through the darkness, talking volubly to himself and waving his clenched hands, as if struggling with imaginary foes. I was at home, comfortably ensconced before a glowing fire reading a very attrac 1 tive book, and certainly could hot. have looked more surprised if a ghost had been 'ushered into my presence. Mclndoe's ' face was pale and bloodless, while - his sunken eves shone with a strange fire which I had never seen in them before; but he had no simile in reply to mine—he . merely motioned, me to rise, saying— " Get on your things and come with me. I am going to put into your hands the "man who lifted the prize cups from tlie railway ; van last week, with some of the plunder as well. Tlie most of it has gone through the melting-pot," but there's enough left, for a, conviction." - - . r | This speech electrified me in a moment,. and I eagerly whipped'on my things, ques ' tioning him incessantly the while, and get ting." at part but hot all of wbat I have ! already .narrated. We cut. along' George IV. Bridge to' the Head Office, and long before twelve o'clock had planted* ourselves : on the first flat of the Clamshell stair, with two or three auxiliaries " on the other side of the street to close in when the 'game* was trapped." ; At twelve o'clock exactly, Penbank and Scroby came out of the Happy Laud, and Were followed up . the High-street by McSweeny, the seedy spy chattering and joking to bis victim the whole way, as if treachery with him "was only a pleasure. At the bottom of the stair they paused; and McSweeny instantly ducked into a close-mouth on the other side of the street, i " Now, I'll hid yoir good-night; or rather good-morning," cheerfully remarked Simon Penbank, offering the cracksman his hand. You'll find him upon the first flat,- and you cjui make your bargain without me.'' i " Stop," growled Scroby, clutching-him hard by the arm; "youre not the safest Cove in the world. There might be a screw lbose, so just come up wi' me and introduce us," and as he forcibly drew the slender arm of the traitor within his own and dragged him up the steps, there was nothing for Simon Penhank but-to hide his fear under a smiling exterior. , At the top of the firststairMcIndoe' ' touched the cracksman on the arm. > " The things—where are they ?" he said,' in his ordinary tones, hut changed indeed from when Scroby had known them. " Here," unsuspiciously answered Scroby, fumbling in his pockets, and producing an exquisitely-finished silver bird, resting on a tiny bunch of flqwers—then an inkstand, set on a solidbldck of cairngorm—and then a number of smaller articles. " That's the lot—yours for teri quid." ' Mclndoe put forth his hands and grasped, not the jewellery, but the throat of the astonished cracksman^ ; " Now, cruel, merciless monster, I have you at last!" he almost screamed, and at the same moment I turned back the slide of the lantern in my hand, and Scroby, with" his eyes almost starting from his head, dropped the plunder nervously on the stone stair. : " Trapped!" he gasped, and then, with a great wrench, he tried to break free, but at the moinent it was not a man but a demon that held him, and; he might as well have tried to batter down' Salisbury Crags. Mclndoe's grasp at his throat only tightened, till there was some danger of the burglar being strangled on"the spot. •' ' '' i Simon Peubank looked on with a" smiley' Cheerfully rubbing his hands. • ! " Better give in, Scroby," he advised, fit's Hugh Mclndoe, and' you know what lie owes you. Consider yourself* nabbed." " Blast youroared the captured thief, as I snapped the handcuffs on his strug gling wrist's, and the others swarmed up the stair from outside and surrounded us. I " Blast you, you've betrayed me!" ' ' . _ ; "Betrayed you?" echoed - Penbanlc, coolly opening his eyes, and perking 'him self up to his highest. . " ' " r ' ' , "Betrayed you? Of course I haye." ! " Traitor, aren't you ashamed of your self ?" continued Scroby. • ,v , I " Ashamed of myself!" echoed the seedy" spy, looking from face to face as'if fox an explanation of the word. " Sir,' I rejoice to $ay that shame is a thing utterly unknown to me." ' "Never mind; I'll pay you back for it some day," hissed the other. ' "I think not," Was the placid reply. " This little affair will he at least a tenner to you, and before that period has elapsed in all probability I will be gathered .'to my fathers." . . . | j " You may hope so, for if you're not Til gothe)' you r vengefully criea the thief, as we lugged him down the stair, after pick ing up the valuable plunder. '"But dOn't build yourself up too much—I have friends' jtvhp will help me out, and when they do, my first visit will he to your traitor's picase." • Yhe seedy spy placed bis bat on bis. preast and bowed low., I " I shall be honored by your visit," was bis cool rejoinder, and then he walked, away,'r humming cheerfully to himself, while Scroby was taken in and locked up. j But; cool'and' unconcerned 'though he continued to appear, Penbank was in reality pt on. the fidget by Scroby's threat, and kept" prowling anxiously about the Head Qnrce' and down' the ; close: behind—into., which looked' the barred windows of the' lock-up—in away tlwt seemed very amusing tome. '.' i The very night after the capture,.as a quick cut for home, I was"iartin^fHowh the 1 close, when I caught sight of a grim figure in the shade of a common stair, facing the windbws of the lock-up, and a low whistle arrested my steps and drew me to Ins side, when I recognised. Penbank. " What on earth are you doing here ?" I asked. His .reply, was to point up to a harrow grated window in the ldck-up. " Do you see that window P" he asked. ; "Yes." " « Do you know who's in there ?" "Upon my soul I do not." " Then I'll tell you—it's Scroby." "Well, what of that?" , ; " Nothing; only I'm watching him." I laughed heartily. _ .. : "Andwhat goodwill that do you?" I asked, still smiling. ' "Never mind," he darkly returned. "I'll tell you after he's tried. 7 wood night." ■ , Off I ran, wondenng at his tone of, ; offended dignity, and soon .forgot all. about , the odd meeting. Before many hours had • elapsed, however, I was reminded of it. with a vengeance, and in this wise— / I. About one o'clock Mclndoe, wa3 roused ! up in his garret by a thundering knock at the door, and the moment he had opened it in rushed Simon Penbank, looking con- , siderablv more excited than was his wont.. ' "Well, what's up?" he roughly de manded. - . . . " The string . is, and : the files after it!" cried the breathless spy. "You laughed at me before, but come and see for yourself. I don't know how they had got the string in, but I Saw it come . dangling down, with a bit of lime to sink it, and then out darted. The Puffian—I am certain it was he—rfaitened on the files and a message, and then cut down the close and disappeared. He most'be gone for a' rop'e-^ ; for Scroby is tearing, away like mad at the. bars with the file. Come on, and we' may ; r hab them both!"' . ' Five minutes after, a thundering succeS . sion of knocks rouseo me .out of .a'dream less slumber, and, thinking the houae Was . afire, I rushed to the door in my night shirt,, and then recognised Mclndoe, asfier grasped my hand and hoarsely whispqredr-^' ! " On with your things, and fly along to the office by George IV. Bridge! -itn 'to; capture The Puffian! Quick!" w He was gone like a flash, and after a ' minute ! found mvself dressed and; tearing along to the Office through the empty streets as fast as I could run. ' I reached the Office, f oimd Mclndoe in waiting, and listened to Penbank's story. Five men were all we could get together in the Office, but these were all hardy and reliable, and one by one slipped away down the close . behind and silently took up the positions I liad allotted them. Penbank ana Mclndoe occupied the common stair already men tioned, exactly opposite Scrohy's cell, and there I joined them. For fully a minute after every sound of my footsteps had died away.I could hear or. see nothing of a suspicious natiue. Penbank's ' ear was quickest. \ "S—st! there it's again!" he whispered, and then we distinctly hearF the scrape, scraping of a file overheard, and even fancied we could faintly discein the steady movement of the tool itself. The - close itself was silent as the grave, and. no-, one passing carelessly down could have^dreamt that eight men lurked about ready td pounce on the greatest pest that ever slunk oVer our streets. Nearly an hour passed in this way, and then a light footfall from below sent our hearts a-throbbing. An old man, bent With" age, was creeping noiselessly up the close under the shadow of the opposite wall. Patiently, and breathlessly we watched hiin till he was exactly opposite Scroby's cell, when he paused, produced a bulky hank of rope from under his coat, got off the 'pave ment to signal to the worker above, and then suddenly started and held his breath. I don't know what had caught his ear—perhaps a shuffle of our feet, a hard- drawn breath, or a gleam of Mclndoe's eyes, which shone red in the dark—but, determined not to- lose him, I whistled sharp and shrill, -while Mclndoe and' Penbank rushed lipori liim with a shout, and instantly became a c ohr 4 fused mass _ of struggling limbs: 'I -was . following suit, and,the hidden men .were springing out behind me"/ when there was a sudden crashing blow,- a whisk and a .daSh, and then a shadow flew from the' spot with such extraordinary speed that we scarcely heard the patter of the swift footsteps. ; I . could hardly believe my. own eyes. Th'e " old" man was gone, leaving the white wig on the ground, along with the coil of rope and the sand-bag with which lie had felled Mclndoe, who lay. stretched on the ground white andinsensible, while Penbank was squirming about, yelling like murder from the effects of a vicidus Mck he had re ceived in the stomach. - ■' " After him, men; run for your lives!" I shouted, and then, as their heavy feet clat tered away over the stones, I stooped, and 4 raised Mclndoe. He moaned painfully as he opened his eyes, and at . first I thought he' was se-' ridusly hurt; bht his first wordareassufed me— • . '• . ' "He struck" me down — another' debt added to the list. Curses on it! where were your eyes and hands ?" " Where they are now," I replied helping hinqtohis feet. . ,7 ra Yes—gripping the wrong man," he bit terly rejoined, " Never mind," I cheerfully returned,; "they are after him now; he may,be brought in in ten minutes." ,' . " Ten fiddlesticks! You'll not see Mm . again- for months. Oh, what a chance we've lost; >. It may come again," I remarked. " May F—it shall!" he shouted, • with gleaming eyes; "I live for it!" ; * I helped him home in . silence after get ting his-head doctored at .the Office, and saw him no more till the day of Scroby's trial. :The men I had sent in pursuit of The Ruffian dropped in one by one, utterly' exhausted hut unsuccessful, and in the meantime Scroby had been interrupted ;i« his interesting work, thoroughly searched, and transferred to a cell where all his in genuity would avail him; nothing in any attempt of the kind. . 'The trial day came round, and then, with Hugh/ Mclndoe in the. witness-box telling all.he hnew of.,Scroby's past life, ancl-the damning evidence of the stolen jewellejry. besides, we had a. clear.case; andin spqte of an able defence, by a clever lawyer, Scroby.was sentenced to ten years'/penal 'servitude. Hugh Mclndoe was highly com plimented by the Co.vjt foj his dash and daring, as well as for the modest and intel ligent manner in which his 'evidence was given. He flushed up, and, pointing towards Scroby, said simply— "My Lord, that man is a confirmed thief, and/ safe only in prison. But, bad as you.think him, there's another far worse to follow—I mean the man who planned, the robbery and attempted to arrange his escape.' I have not accomplished all—I have bnly begun." ' (To be continued.) 