A. SALA ON WAR. fcls. G. -A. Sat,A writes to tho Ilhutrated London Hbct, from Constantinople, concerning the war as follows:-"The bodiia of some 6000 ISngliehmen moulder peacefully in this (Scutari) graveyard. I fonoy that (he remem brance of their deaths mielit moderate tho fre^cy of the politicians who seem bent on bounding England on to a frosh war with Russia. Suroly those palitioians must be mainly young men, or they must hare very short ipttmoaos. -1 romember the episodes of the Crimean war as though they happened yesterfjay, fop then, as now, I was earning my dwy sreadby literature and journalispi, and the war brought me ovory day fresh materials for my pen. I was within an ace in \- 1856 of going to oebastopol, but I went to Simla instead. Oan you not recall, you who are middle-seed and whose memories are good, those two miserable year* between the fight at the Alma and the fall of the Malakoff P Da you remember the Ghost's Derby Day in IBSof Do you remember when, on the cliff At Brighton and the Marina at fat. Leonard's, yon coold scarcely walk ten paces without meeting groups of ladies and ohudren clod in ^ecnesf mourning for their fathera, husbands, brothers, sweethearts, slain in that wretched Chersonese, or who bad sickened and died in thecheeiieas wards of the Soutari Hospital J Arewe to have these years of private agony 4nd bereavement^ of publio blundering ana jniwansgenuht,- OTer again t I suppose so; glory i> a very fine thing.'' 1 am only a pekin, a civilian, and I know nothing about glory: but I confess tiiat my blood grows cold and that my heart sicken* when I hear politicians pertlymating about the ' arbitrament of the .word/and war clearing the atmoephoro/ and ao forth- I never met Glor> yet, and I don*tknow what he or she is like; bat<liave met War 1*08 to faoe hi]f-»-doam times is as, iruinyootmtriw. - X have looked into the wbitea, w rather the orimsons, of bis eyes, md 'Miave'gased upon the Sister* who follow Mm wheresoever be goes. They are three tUj&j;, and tWr names are 'Bapine,' and 'Disease,' and 'Death.' This is, of . oonrae, a miserably craven and apiritleas way ^j| looking at War. I cannot help it. I have MM only War's madnaas and wickedness, its^fonlneas and squalor. To me it has ropre .*nted nothing but robbery and nrofligaoy, but famine and slaughter; and 1 can but :,|hink?l}iat if the warlike politicians were to "flritpeat jluit half-an-honraotual warfare as I : tavewUneased it in America, in Italy, in )Iesi<n jtn f rapoe, ihgpoin, their martail ffioarhottlabool dowi a little, and they < Would not be^uite ao prompt to blow the 