? Silkrfoatcr §cntr; OB, TWENTY-FIVE YEARS OF AUSTRALIAN LIFE. BY DONALT) CAMERON Author of " Scripopolis," die., <£c. Though shadows gather, sunshine fades, Ana life appears a vale of sorrow; Faint is the heart that God upbraids-- Thc sun will shine again to-morrow 1 SCENE V. _ PERCY wandered down the creek listlessly, revel ling in the mystical poetry and weirdness of the landscape, and the romance of night scenery. One of his moments of inspiration had come upon him, and for the tune he seemed lifted above the common things of the world and exaltediuto a region far beyond the routine of ordinary life. He walked with the mighty intellects of the past; he invested the world with feelings and ideas that'belonged not to it, just as the beautiful moonlight created a new panorama. Minds like Percy's have tjie pecuUsr. .power of transforming everything, o.f.giring a new and unreal life to the most trifling.objects. They live in a delicious dream- sphere of their own embodiment. Alas 1 that it should fade away like the glow on the mountain, in itho morning, when the inspiration fades,. when the dreamers begin, to experience what real life" is. Percy belonged to a class which may be said to never outlive youth, or, rathter, .they change so greatly that their peculiar, modes of thoughf vanipli whenme .br<iw' begins to corrugate ,pnd the .face, becomes . bearded. Those of the, "clfesB •who .carry their .feelings, -with, them into .mature life become poets. Yet it is • a question whether they are possessed of-such great depths of the trueelement of poesy as the bards whose inspiration ends with their early man- , hood. The man who wreaks bis thoughts upon expressions, and becomes known to the worl d as a bard, is simply gifted with ithe power and the patience to put his thoughts upon paper;' the unknojtvn songsters think poetry, but do not write it. But.they are.those who'understand and appreciate the poet,, and interpret him to the grosser species of mankind. Percy sought the woodland, for jthe naked fields, over • which the moonlight threw an even effulgence, were iiot to his teste. Where the ciutivated'fields ended, lower down the stream, a deep forest rose on each side of the stream, composed . of the gnarled, fantastic, whitegump fend the dwarf, elf-likeshe-o&ks.; .Put.miich aa Percy loved that scenery, his gieat delight was the Oak Avenue, ,as. it , called. Here the stream ran almost "in • • a. straight line, and on each side grejw a row of the swamp oak, a tall speoiei of pine] the leaves of which sound in 'the breeze like the'dying whisper of-a siien, , and to souls like Percy convey meamrij' ' ' that few pens can transcribe". -^Distenii^. to. the wailing of the pines, ^ —^y' land;" beings . t .,„,,.. >s junknown, anil where ,was aaeternal pnqhhritment. To sit there jojaa moonlight night, watching the shadows of! the trees quivering urthe-stream, andlistehu thej.p^s,. whUp nj^ffpyflir^pyijirsirfeifflji.^^n^,. , uiBlysium tothp •jFwm-ybgig 'soul, •that 'his: dream jfshouiiil lwje -ei? ' -> .:wi«wakng.' i.. - L;!i!ii •• J . o a _ spot which' was'jfl' ...owed f %yiaitall-o£dc,'I > ercy ,Bat/on thehrinicof , t swept reyerie; : He j)ioturedito ihii)iSielf ' J /•jthef'sreiit Wty' l ii"6 T faF' r ftWay,''it8 tbriT " ; ligM&i; J Bplendid '%uildii&8, aside me • .'^wW^'for th6 son&'iji Sepatol'-'Hp sa^ "'-' 'onlfc ^m'Ali</ !i IJ^H^BHippfet, lat his «#! '0' •'Dreaming,^yoimg.iaan'' 4 I uj daid^deepivpice, ftt.hi?, ouioker thto^/ijcitflPiJWtte Percy ; •'.' I thought you had gone away to Armidale to have a good spree." "Ha, ha!" said the strange man, laughing unnaturally; " that is the lhodo by which I obtain dreams now. Onco they caino as readily as yours do at present, but I have to force them since mauhood dawned upon the. Ah 1 Percy, Percy, boiy well I fathom your thoughts, how easily I can enter into your aspirations, for have I not passed through every phase of thought which is being evolved in your breast. I pity you. Dream on, my boy, dream on; the day will come, as the old preacher said, when you will eee no pleasure in'these things, when, haVihg had enough of dreams, you will try to realise them, and find everything lighter than vanity. Dust -and ashes, dust and asheB, bitter apples of Sodom, that appear outwardly fair to the sight, but within are wornieaten. But it is the fate of youth to gather those apples on the shores of the Eternal Sea, to treasure them, only to find their worthlesBness in the end; to live to: discover the whole a dehisien, love a| fleeting show, poetry an unsubstantial; shadow, fame a tooeking ghost, life: an endless disappointment, the hereafter unfathomable mystery—nothing,' nothing left but the dull, flat plain of prosaic routine, the arid plain where man has to labour, like a beast of burden, for the wherewithal to keep a diseased and miserable body together. Oh, it is laughable, laughable—ha, ha, ha!" Itwas with delight, mingled with terror, that Percy listened to this Btrange being; ,' delight, because this was a genuine scene iu a romance, something entirely out of the ordinary groove, a new sensation; terror, lest this madman might take some strange whim into his head, for Mad Harry had done many terrible and. inexplicable things in his time. * " Listen, Percy," said Mad Harry. " I have gone through all this; there is not a sensation, not an experience in the whole range of human life that I have not had; there is not a height but I have climbed, not a depth hut I have sounded, and I tell you it is all hollow, hollow, hollow. The happy man is he who vegetates, who has no aspirations, no wish beyond the day. You are not of that class; you are like the bird that dashes its breast against the cage to obtain freedom, only to be bewildered by the new world it flies out upon, to be devoured by the kites and vultures in the impure air. "Why should I not stop this P What prevents me letting out your soul into a world where disappointment is said not to exist, for surely if there is a heaven such as you should claim admission, while, if you are allowed to live, hell, if there is a hell such as Aunt E1blb loveB to paint, must be your doom. What prevents mo ?" And, to Percy's , horror, the madman flourished a huge knife in his face, the moonbeams glinting fearfully upon the bright steel" blade. This >was carrying the sensation too far; the romance of the situation was carried into the region- of tragedy. Yet so strangely was Percy constituted that , he felt a thrill ;of pleasure at- being at last the hero of a real exciting event; his life had heen bo dull hitherto. Still, life is sweet even to tho romantic, and Percy grasped Harry's hand and tried to hold iti "Surely you would not harm me, Harry," said he, in a tremulous voice ; " the little boy y6u always loved. You would not MLL the son of your benefactor?" ,.. ' It. is for that .reason.I would kill you," said Harry, without the slightest change in his voice.. "It is because: I' love you, beca'use I revere your'father, that I-would kill you, that youmaynever >ass through bitter experiences; as l iave done.. It is better." Percy thought it'was time ntiw to call for help. He cast his pyes around hope - lessly, and looked upon the loved scehe as if foi: the last time. ; It was eo hatd, to die in the sweetest time .-.'of life, ' to leave' all his &oble; isehemesi unfulfilled, to depart irom'the bright-ana glowing i&jbriti; titidtake aleapintothat Unfathomable Land of which his strange comjanionhadspoken.'' Besides, so/strong hid jeen Aunt Elsie'js influence that the poor boy had a great dread of death, which to his mind, through her teachings, was but the passage to. hell, where the torments were unspeakable, where the worm ceased not gnawing and the fire was not quenched, for he had never felt himself to -have been " born again," without which, Aunt Elsie held, it was impossible for anyone to, enter heaven. Besides, according tothatworthyfemale, he had condemned himself to' the hottest of fires and most evil smelling of brimstone, by reading bookB speciaUy written by inspiration of the deyil, and aspiring to write similar works ; added, therefore; to the regret for. the loss of life, was the terrible dread -of -what was to follow^ So wonderfully strong are thefirst tieaphings of youth. The Maori, who has hfeen' convertfed to Christiatuty, fina proved an exemplary member of the church, turns to his Atua when in the pangs of dissolution j aS the atheist, who : ias mocked God when in full «tren|t*- and health, calls appealingly upon H jiaae when the [throes pf death hf' , ° 0 pbK5y,-hPwev?r,;perhaps lfiifortunately forhiniself, was not so neardeath AS] he thouehfc " Hife bMeeohing,oiy for ; hefp gleams; of Won. He drew'his-kmfp lsolc, J put' i.t/fn r Wt'.tod rdeased Percy, .i ,„-j ...liii "No,,no," said,he,,as.if ipBaang_co ¥eheved himself; ; y6uof.theburden.,death " time hM^tjeome.ffl would,, soph be'myownpartjifor the>w,would 'hPt 'understand my ;mctibn.' J-cannot Me""Tha'v'emuoli^todoyethr- Ihave to K^fftotheKraveln diShonouronermaJi 1 rW^to 'b'6 f£ avMg^pk i thB''.Tao<i -of .anoiherf^ithiiught Isaw'bft^bM lie - ^ Chsoarnjgto,jP^oy;. j, •jri^Li'-^ -iri :.' And he huriaed^aw»y, :?nd waslost-ia theshadowi. jflat aB ^r^nk and Jim^ny, 8omooth®rs, r «in Bp.i: » j Vis ^ Mav^'^rf^eH^Ptirby ^Bfr' exStant What a aenBatieja. ;TOBre, name.-would »4V fortunate and longer-lived writer; and what hitter sorrow the family would feel; even Aunt Elsie would shed tears. How delightful all that would be—if he could have dispensed with the apt of dying. As it was, the occurrence created a great sensation. Jimmy • and Frank wanted to start after Mad Harry at once, and have him arrested, but Percy would not hear of it, and the party returned home, discussing the strange event in all its bearings. Percy crept into his bedroom, where the stranger was sleeping Boundly, his journey having thoroughly wearied him, the moonlight streaming on'his handsome face aud olassical bust.' As Percy _ looked upon him, the, clean cut lips; moved, muttering- something unintelli- 1 gible, and a strange smile passed over — them. Percy at once began weaving, a: romance about this strange youth, and, occupied in this pleasant occupation,; and thinking of the great "party and' dSnce" which was to be givi given at Silver-; water Bend the next night, he fell asleep, SCENE VI. ! THE sun rose next day on Silverwater Bend to gild the calm, sylvan beauty of the scene, and to call to quiot and healthful labour the settlement. With the dawn the shearers had arisen and gone to the shed, which soon reBounded with the busy clip, clip of their shears, while smoke arose from their hut, from the fire over which the cook was making their simple breakfast. Later on, the various station hands threw off drowsy sleep, and while some let out the bleating Bheep to feed, others went off to fetch in the bullocks and horses to begin the labour of the day. The tinkle of the bullockbells was heard in the distance, the low of cows waiting to be milked, th£ plaintive bleats of the sheep, the carolling of the matin-birds, filled the air around the station, contriving to give to the lovely scene the charm of natural music, while the dew-drops and spiderr webs glistened in the sun like diamonds. It is at such a time and when witnessing such a scene that the devout mind rises to the Ck»d that created 'it, and, while thanking Him, .feels what a happy and a beautiful world.is this of ours! -As a matter of course; the last place to show signs of activity -was the great house, and those last on the Bcene, its occupants, who were the envy of all, while some of them in turn envied the people in the far-away city. Many a young shearer thought that if he were in Prank's or Percy Vplace all earthly happiness would be his, ignorant that, so far as Percy was concerned, he looked upon himself as the most unhappy of men. But though the rest of the family were not famed for early rising, Mr. Sinclair was one of the first out of bed on the station. Like all old settlers his was ever up with the dawn, and to this he owed his health aud activity. < He was rivalled, however, by Ailee, who had the fire lit before her master came out, andhaddone so for thti last twenty years. While Mr. Sinclair went down to the shed she routed up red- haired Bridget, the Irish help, and Mike Pinnigan, the generally useless" man, and the one, unkempt of hair and draggle-tailed of garments, was soon cursing in good Irish at the refractory cows in, the millringyard, while the- latter was chopping wood, in a half-asleep, state, swearing roundly at the " ondacent ould Scotchwoman, who waked a man afore he'd gone to sleep; the divil go wid her!" I When the sun had drank up the devv anddayhadfully banished all the shadows of-night, the family met at -breakfast. Mrs. Sinclair fetid Percy were the last to get up as a matter of course. The/good old-lady deatlf loured .to lie:in:bed,riah4" Percy was ap ' f ond pf the - sheets as hp 1 was bf romanbe arid : poetry. 1 ' 1 He would go to" any lefe^hs to enjoy that Isweet, dreamy. hour of la'tigtibr which follows the .Tfvaldng in the morning. . Aunt Elsie had in vain; endeavoured ,'tp' inake him an early riser. When a ' boy she had often pulled him out of bed at daylight in the middle of-winter, and laid hun on - the floor, but the. stubborn: little; fellow, would lie there, ^unmindful of the spankshe received On an undefended and'most sensitive part of his person, only, turning over to escape them, -As for 'Atot-Elsie, she wag up generally \vith her brother, but did not come out pf her Toom ^ for J^jme time, ,as , she was occupied for a quarter of an :hour or so • in reading her Bible • and praying for the wretched _ and perishing world of. sinners ivhich -existed around her, the only saint inihe district. Onoe she used to have morning prayers, but the' occupations of- some of the household -and the sleepiness of others left her so often solus in the drawingroom- that she gave them up; comforting herself with what would be the hitter consequences to the culprits, if not, in thiB world, hereiafter. The blacks on the hillside were the latest risers of all; they still slumbered., sleeping off the previous night's debauch. Jimmy was up with,the magpie, and had ridden a buck-jumper before breakfast. /. • As Horace Leigh stood in the parterre that morning and igazedjupon the glorious prospect—the mists ;gliding across th^ fountains J -fend "-becoming ilepcy 4fe JM bome ' iiito' : a new arid a-Tipttfer ^ofld/ that he had found/an Arcadia. Here, /thought he (i in,;JuA. mo&fcutary; enthusiasm, I can liye and die,. Jar from thesstonnsjsjid tumult, of the,eijl ^orld which I have left behind! ^dyet ;how soon 1 he would .weaky of. this sweet stillness and gentle dreamland.': •: iM. - hlippy . party igathered,, rpund jthe "breakfast-table i that i <morning, : toiik, 'gay land jovial asiev^r ; S'loira^who had' dressed ; herself very .Parefhlly—rosy^ and .beautiful,' her 1 heart fcatjpi^Wri&r; *** ifensatioM jn 3the;inor^ Jo^js of thetaljl$( f; •Mr-'anii' in . iwitoessing ^.o^ntaot. '•! pf th^r, tmbroken 'family^, : oirdje, •,,,, Aunt _ Elsie alone was stiff and severe—-albeit jtiie the i excellent porridge and ; piddled p&kes;' Ailee- 'had' prepared- • somewhat •fiibUified her at>6tio temperament.' 0ood yan&lffigtiat;'^fa'a^^ biiei&farfi; in the atcBenHnth- SjSdSt'aiia -MikP,| the ilatter J , '"pratiSes," while'Ailee fodkli^^mdg^.'' SCkfe ha atippedifllihe •wpod.and beepme ! thoroughly, .-awake^e^, ; ,wh4e Bridget had»mnagedto;milk tie co^ p^ter,bai^g^)noe;oi; d^riep JmoQkad BfcwgStmim imm^im^m^P. by means of a two-year-old. sapling, which she kept at hand, to reduce the delinquent bovines to obedience, and the Bound of the " larrupping" had been heard pretty well over the homestead— for Bridget never Bpared her hand. After breakfast everyone went their own way. Aunt Elsie adjourned to rthe verandah to her knitting, Mr. Sinclair and Frank went to the shearing shed and the washpool respectively, and j Percy, Horace and Flora mounted three! splendid horses and rode into the bushi to show Horace the country, being i chaperoned by Jimmy, who held , out j hopes of getting, some bees' nests. Thci exhilaration of the fun as they galloped! over the flower-covered plains, or in the; deep forest, need not be described; Theyj would return \vith a splendid appetite.!- AB for Mrs. Sinclair and Ailee, graverj duties were in store for them. The/ reat feast for that night's party and. dance, was to be prepared, and the twoj adjourned to the kitchen, where',theyj alternately worked and argued upon various dishes, now. amicable, now quarrelling, but enjoying themselves to the full. - j Here for a moment we pause. Some of our readers may be inclined to asli when we are to develop our story—when incident, plot and adventure will begins All in good time. It is well before going into the great city, where trial and trouble await, to dally by the wayside and cull the beautiful flowers; it i6 well, in a tale, to prepare a good groundwork before introducing the tangled skein which leads to a tragic ending. Our work is intended as a picture of Australian life, and nothing that we have yet written but leads on to the stream of our story. We have nearly completed the prelude, and the curtain will sooix rise upon the first act of the sad drama. The party and dance at Silverwateir Bend opened the ball in two senses. • [To be continued.) 