TWICE MARRIED. Chapter XI. That chill twenty-ninth of October was a / strange eventful day iu Llanover. The fire alone would hare been excitement enough for weeks and months in that quiet secluded spot ; .but it appeared that by some singular caprice a number of stirring events were to be ac- cumulated in breathless succession. As the day wore on, new tidings of mysterious and startling oconrrences were' rapidly circulated among the little orowd of sad and wondering gazers at tho rains of Llanover Mill. "They're awfu' times these," said an old Scotch shepherd ; " Air. Thornton, you see, as good as heard murder committed in the fog yestereen, thongh they say the body's not to be fonud. It's downright fearfu', and the same night as the fire. It's a wicked genera tion this." "Why, you don't call the fire wickedness, surely, Sandy ? " said a young farmer, who had been very active in extinguishing the flames of the unlucky mill. Sandy made uo reply, but shook his thiuly- covered head significantly. "Sandy's right," observed a workman, gloomily ; " I don't remember two such things -happening in odo night as long as I ever heard toll of, murder nor fires either — any way, not in snch a place as Llanover." "And what's stranger still," put in Mr. Thornton's old man-servant, "I bear one of Sir William's best horses was pretty well ridden to death in the night, and patting two and two, or you may say three and three ' together, I don't hesitate to say there's some queer doings about that we don't understand at present — there's something beneath that we don't know, and that's my judgment." Robert Billings was a London man, and therefore his opinion was listened to with unusual reverenoe. "Well, well, Sir William's a good man, and it's a crying shame if anyone injures him or his," s:iid a Llanover weaver. " He's promised to look to us all as much as he can, and if we have patience and will follow his advice, we shan't snifer much, I'll be bound. I only hope Mr. Evan may soon got all right again. I thought he looked like a corpse when ho went awRy just now." "It's enough to make him, and us too," re plied the man who had moralised so gloomily on the troublous events of the night. " I say we're the worst off; we've got no insurance money to make up for our losing our work, and being thrown out of bread." This man, Jonas Harper by name, was a native of Manchester, and he turned away with a dark scowl on his faco, as if some personal .injury had been offered him. " That Jonas is a crusty old grumbler," said the cheery young farmer. "Don't mind him, my men, but keep up heart, and lot's all do our best to weather the storm that's come over L'anover all at once, and we shall soon have fair skies again." "But the murder," whispered a buxom lass, the supposed sweetheart of the said well-to-do farmer, Hudson. "What do they say about , it, Jehn, dear ?" "Why, to say sooth, Patty, it's an ugly business, my lass," replied her sweetheart. " Mr. Thornton was going to tho Grange in the fog yesterday, and heard high words, and a sp'ash in the water, somewhere near the bridge, but Mr. Evan couldn't learn anything that looked like foul play, till just about half an hour ago, when a hat was brought in by Davie Johnson from the ford, where he had been fishing." " But what had Mr. Evan to do with it ?" asked Putty. " Silly lass," said the young farmer. " Why, of course, he could do more than Mr. Thoru- ton, who is but a stranger like, and a clergy man into the bargain. Don't you know Sir William is a magistrate j only, of course, it's better young Mr. Lloyd should see to things now, instead of the old gentleman." Patty revenged herself for the insult to her understanding by a smart tap on the farmer's cheek as be stooped to snatch a kiss, and aB dinner-time was now approaching, the crowd began to disperse for the time. ' A fortnight passed swiftly, yet wearily, away ; — Bwiltly for the busy agents of Sir William Lloyd in his schemes of benevolent aid for the sufferers' in the late calamity ; and wearily for poor winifred Herbert, whose monotonons life wss only relieved by constant oommeuta on the singular oondnct of her secret lover, and the remarkable circumstances which daily came to light connected with the late catastrophe. Rumours were afloat that some large bags of flax had- been seeu at some distance from the mill on the night of the fire. The ntmost diligence bad failed to dis cover the strong box which contained the money and valuable papers belonging to the business, thongh it could scarcely have been entirely consumed, notwithstanding the fierce beat of the flames. Moreover, the cause of the fire was still wrapped iu mystery, the men couSdently swearing that there was no possible reason for the ignition on their leaving the mill. Winifred was doomed to hear free and not always friendly commouts on these strange coincidences, without the comfort of her lover's sympathy and support in their stolen meetings. Evan went 'to London the day after the fire to arrange with the insurance company, and as bis mors stanoh adherents deolared, to procure a London architect to superintend the rebuilding of the mill at the earliest possible period. Lucy Lloyd bad been so entirely occupied with attendence on her mother, and assisting her father and Mr. Thornton in arranging plans for the temporary relief of the families thrown into destitution by the fire, that she had not bean able to pay her nsual visit to Llanover Farm, and Wioifred had been re-, strained by some strange timidity from going to inquire for and assist her kind friends at tbe Grange. It w»b a cold bat rather bright afternoon, And Winifred, weary of her own thoughts auil her mother's complaining and uncon nected remarks, pat on her hat and cloak, aud prepared to leave the house for a walk. It was the first time for many days, and the air fell refreshing and pare to her aching head as aha walked slowly along the road which led towards the stream. She did not meaB to go near either the bridge or the Grange, bnt she nnconscioaaly took the way leading to the places most interesting to her, and which had occupied her thoughts so incessantly for the last, few months. Perhaps Bhe had a vagne \- idea that tbe news she longed to hear might, . in Bcme manner, come to her if she took that ireotion, tboogh she wonld not go to enquire ior tidings where the/ would be certain to be found. Sbo bad scaroely walked half a mile when she suddenly encountered the very person she wonld have least wished to meet- Hugh Evans, the overlooker, who eagerly oame towards her. " Good afternoon, Miss Herbert," said he, with an attompt at polished courtesy, which sat very awkwardly upon him ; " I have not had the good fortune to see you since the great fire You have been quite in conceal ment since then." " I have not been very well," she replied, coldly enough to stop any further advance. "This is the first time I have been ont, and I dare not stand in the oold." Winifred bowed, and wonld have passed on, bnt Evans was not to be so easily dis missed. He walked on by her side, sniting his pace to hers with provoking precision. " I fear you have sympathised too much with Mr. Evan," he continued. "You know there are cases, Miss Herbert, whore two persons are but one in hand and heart. Winifred conld not prevent a vivid blnsb from dyeing her cheeks absolute crimson, but she was too angry to submit quietly to the insult. "I imagine all Llanover is 'one,' as yon call it, in regretting suoh a misforture to Sir William Lloyd's family," returned Winifred. "Misfortune!" said Evans. "Well, yes, perhaps it ought to be oalled a misfortune, thongh I don't snppose some people wonld oall it one to have some thousands down in hard cash, eh, Miss Herbert ? — bnt I forgot, you are too youDg and unselfish to understand the full value of money just yet. You don't quite accord with Mr. Evan in that, I dare answer for it." There was a oold sneer in the man s tone which incensed even the gentle nature of Winifred Herbert. "Mr. Evan Lloyd would not consider any money equivalent to the misery which the fire has caused," said Winifred, indignantly. "I am quite certain of that." " Indeed," said the overlooker. There was a pause ; Winifred quickened her pace, bnt in vain, for Hugh Evans still walked by her side. " Have yon seen Miss Lucy lately ?" he asked. " No,", was the short reply. " Then you have not heard of Mr. Evan's illness ?'' Winifred stopped, and gazed anxiously at him. " 111 ! Where ? — when ?" she gasped, "When? Within the last fortnight. Where? In London," he answered quietly. " It was a suddeu attack of fever. He is better now, I believe, but stilt too ill to bo moved." Winifred could no longer keep up her anxiously maintained reserve. "Are you telling me the truth ?" she asked, laying her hand on his arm, aud looking up pleadingly iu his face, " Do not jest with me by idle talcs. I am not snch a simple girl as to be trifled with or insulted at your pleasuro." Hugh dared not push her too far ; he had confirmed already overy suspicion he had be fore entertained, and he had no wish to incur her displeasure. "I renlly do not understand you," he said, as mildly as he could. " I told you the simple truth when I said Mr. Evan had been ill. Ee is at an hotel in London, aud we only knew of his attack when the worst was over. Mr. Thornton is going to fetch him down home in a few days, as soon as he can be moved. But you need not be alarmed, Miss Herbert. He is out of danger, I can assure you." Winifred was very pale, and her limbs felt weak and shaking, but she made a resolute effort to hide her feelings from that hated Hngh Evans. "I am glad to hear it," she said. "It would have been a dreadful sorrow for dear Lucy and his parents. I shall go up to the Grange to-morrow and hear from themselves all the particulars. Good day, Mr. Evans." "One moment, Miss Herbert;" he said, placing himself suddenly before her. " I can read you better than you fancy, and tha day may come when yoa may be thankful that an honest and true- hearted man kept to you, in spite of all that may happen to drive him away from all snoh thoughts. Take my advice. Learn to know yonr real friends, and lovers too, before yon trust iu the wrong place, and offend those yon had best secure as yonr helpers in time of need. Some day yoa will remember my words." He dropped her baud, whioh he had grasped while speaking, aud walked rapidly in the direotion of his own cottage. Winifred remained motionless where she was standing, her cheeks varying from red to white, and white to red, as indignation, shame, and fear, rapidly snoceeded eaoh other in her mind. That a man like that, the servant of her hnsband — for in that moment of outraged pride Winifred hesitated not to claim the rank she held as Evan's wife — the coarse, unedncated, low-born Hngh Evans, should dare to threaten, to taunt, and, worse still, to insult her by the half-avowal of his love, was a humiliation not to be endured. Not to bs endured ! Alas, poor Winifred ! What redress could she seek ? Who was to proteot or avenge her now ? Her father conld not — mast not, even snspect the truth ; and Evan was ill and suffering, and far away. The young girl gathered fresh energy at that last thonght. She could not remain qniet under that agony of suspense ; she would go to the Grange, and learn of Lncy the trnth ; till then, she wonld not give ere- denoe to the report of Evan's danger ; it might be a vile calumny invented to probe her real feelings. Winifred wrapped her cloak ronnd her yet more closely, and drawing her veil over her face, harried along the read to the Grange, and soon entered its well-known precincts. It wore a desolate look to the girl's excited imagination ; everything appeared negleoted, and nncarsd lor, and faded. She forgot that a very short time at that period of the year changes the aspect of any spot ; all was con nected with Evan in her idea, and spoke of danger and suffering to him. She entered the house by a side-door whioh was used by the family, and had always been free to her, as Luoy's most constant companion. The passage from this door led to the sitting- room generally nsed by Lady Lloyd and her daughter in tbe morning, and passed by the apartment appropriated to Sir William. As she walked lightly along, her footsteps too noiseless to be heard by any person engaged in conversation or any partioalar employment, she beard Sir William say, in an exoited tone, ' I tell yon, I neither can nor will make any distinction." "Then this is yonr final reply, Sir William ?" " It is," said be. " Then yoa and yonr son may repont it ere long," was the stern reply; "you will hear from me again, Sir William." Ere Winifred waB out of eiirht and hearing, the door opened, and Jonas Harper came ont, his hardy, dark faoe, more gloomy and bitter than ever. . Winifred disliked tho man whoso wifo had more than once applied at. the Farm for holp, ou the ground of her husband's uukindncss, and refusal to givo her sufficient for her family's support, and she hastily opened tho door of tho sitting-room, aud found herself in Luoy's presence, whilo hor heart was still boating high with tho alarm she had felt at tho words and look of the weaver. "Darling Winny, what is the matter?" ex claimed tho young girl, rising from beforo a desk, where she was busily writing ; " I have been expecting you for this week past, and now that you aro come, you look worse than I do, with all that wo havo had to trouble us." " I havo not been quite well, Lucy," replied Winifred ; " but uevor mind mo, I want to hear all about you and your dear mother, and — " " Poor Evan, I liopo you have tho grace to mean ?"' exclaimed Lucy, whoso gay spirit nothing could quito orusli. " Well, we are improving a little, I hope, dear Winny ; but it has been so sad, and I dare not even think of the troubles that seemed to threaten us, lest I should give way altogether." The tears rushed ir.to Winifred's oyos ; she was glad of an excuse to givo way to the choking emotion sho had been striving to suppress. " Well, Winny, love, to toll the truth," said Lucy, placing her on a low seat by the fire, and sitting down by hor, " I have been more desponding than I ever thought I could be. First, you know, came tho terrible fire, and then Evan went off to Loudon, looking more like a ghost, or a somnambulist, than a human being, aud poor mamma, so completely upset by the trouble, that I dreaded it might briDg ou a serious illness. And, last and worse, Evan had a severe attack of fever in Lon don, and we did not evon hear of it till he was out pf danger — or, at any rate, nearly so. So, you see, we havo had sevoro sorrows, one on another, without any relief." " But — but they are better now, Lucy, aro they not — I mean your mother ? " stammered poor Wioifred. " You are very strange to-day, dear Wini fred," said Lucy. " Why shou'd you seem so anxious not to t ike any iuterest in poor Evan ? My mother is stronger to-day than she has been yet, and I hopo Mr. Thornton will bring Evan back with him in a very few days to bo nursed well again before he goes abroad for a few months." "Abroad!" said Winifred, starting. "Is he going abroad, Lucy ? " " Yes," replied Lucy ; " he is to pay a visit to papa's friends, the St. Hilaires, in France, while all these tiresome affairs aro being arranged. Papa talks of having the mill re built, but I fancy Evan would rather wait a little before ho makes up his mind. This sad calamity seems to have given him a regular distaste for the place, and for the business altoeethfr." Winifred had turned very pale. Tho idea of a long uncertain separation, and the iudefi- nite future, thus threatened, was dreadful. Poor girl, she began to realise the misery which concealment of one departure from right-doing inevitably entails. " I do not remember your speaking of thoso friends, Lucy," she said, trying to speak indif ferently, aud to learn all she so longed to know without exciting her friend's suspicions. " Do you know them ? " "Ob, no, I never saw them," replied Lncy ; " and papa soaroely knows these youDger ones, though he wsb intimate with their parents. There is a son, the Count de St. Hilaire, quite a young man still, I believe, not mnch older than Evan, and a daughter, still yonnger, who lives with him at a most lovely plane, the Cbfitean de St. Hilaire, in the sonth of France. It will be a charming trip for Evan. "Are they — I mean, is Mademoiselle de St. Hilaire — so handsome?" asked Winifred, bending over her cloak strings, which had got perversely entangled. " What a question ! " said Luoy, gaily. " Why, Winny, I told you this moment I hod never seen her." "I — I thought you said something about her being lovely. I was not attending, I snppose," stammered Winifred. " It was the place — the estate — I was talk- ing about, not Lanra de St. Hilaire," replied Lucy, Bmiling. " You havo indeed an absent fit to-day, Winny. Bnt, after all, I believe I might tell you very safely that this wonderful ooaut and his sister are handsome, for papa says tho parents were remarkably so." Winifred sighed, bnt the cloak strings were now successfully disentangled ; she re-tied her cloak, and rose to go. "Why, Winny, you have hardly sat down yet, end not seen mamma. I shan't hear of any each frantic proceeding ! " exclaimed Lnoy, in astonishment. "Bnt yon must, dear Lucy." said Winifred. " I oame ont without telling my mother that I intended coming here, and she will be fright ened at my staying ont any longer, especially after my adveutnre that wretched afternoon." " Ah, that was the last time you were bore," observed Lucy ; " and what a brave chevalier Mr. Thornton proved himself! Ah, Winny, little puss that you are, who would have thought you so dangerous to that grave Charles Thornton ? But it would be a charm ing match for you — I like him so much ; and then you would be safely settled here." "Nonsense, Lucy," said Winifred, snatching pettishly away the hand her friend had takeu ; " you know I never would — " She stopped — the tearB were fast rising to the soft eyes. " Why not, love ? " said Lucy. "I would not give you to any of the horrid young far mer's about here, you may be certain ; and Mr. Thornton is so nice and so good. Ob, it would be delightful ! aud then, if Evan ' brought Mademoiselle do St. Hilaire to Llan over, we should have quite a charming circle." This was too much. Winifred drew her veil down, and with a smothered " Good-bye ; " harried from tho room and the house. Lucy remained thoughtful aud perplexed. Could it be ? Why should it uot ? And yet such a thought had never occurred to her, and she feared not to Evan either. He had always spoken of Winifred Herbert as " a charming, simple little creature, very loveable and gentle," but never as if be had the slight est idea of falling in love with her, or making her his wife. Moreover, Lncy was by no means certain that snch a match would be ageeable to her parents. The Herberts were of an old, but > still of a mere yeoman family, and in the neighbourhood simply rankod as farmers. Besides, tho mother of Winifred was so com pletely out of all pale in her ideas, iutollect, and manners, that she alone would bo a serious drawback to any close connection with tho Lloyd family. Lucy loved her frieud dearly, but on the whole, a quarter-of-an-hour's reflection con vinced her that it would be better for her to forget Evan during his absence, and to think as much as possible of the excellent and agree able Mr. Thornton. It never occurred to Lucy's unsuspecting mind that she herself might prove a serious obstacle to any Buoh arrangement as she was now contemplating ; and with the hopeful ness of her age and her temperament, she soon persuaded herself that the charming little plaus she meditated would easily be oarried ont. (To be continued.) Tub Servant Girl Market at Charters Towers, — It may not be generally known down South that servant girls are receiving 30s. a week on Chartors Towers. We are " weak " up hera on servant girls. The moment a good- looking one shows on tho field she is spotted at onoe by some unreasonable digger, and she vanishes into tbe rauks of the "groat majority " — the married ones. Publicans are put to their wits' ends to Gad holp. They are driven to Chinese and such rubbish. Girls iu the South fancy that Charters Towers is a " boll upon earth " in tha matter of heat. There was never a greater mistake. We know what Rockhampton is, and Charters Towers wonld be a long way behind in the matter of beat. We are 1200 feet above sea level ; that fuct alone is enough to prove that Charters Towers must be a healthy Bpot. Our death rate is the lowest iu the colony, pro rata, and the climate is really enjoyable. The thermometer stood at 50 degrees on Wed nesday Bt 10 o'clook in the morning. The girls down Sonth can coma alone ; they may rely on £1 a week certain, and if they are good- looking they will fetoh30s. a week at once or a husband. Of coarse, none of the Yiotorian papers will notice this paragraph, or Bhow the " patch '' the girls may strike in Northern Queensland. Tbe Brisbane papers will be equally discreet and reticent. It wonld pay the people here to ad vertise the faot in Sydney and Melbourne, and we offer this idea without oharge to the heads of families, publicans, and others interested in the question. — Northern Miner. 