DICKENS FROM THE SPHERES. At the Alfred-hall assembly-room on Wed- gi nesdav December 20, Mr Martell, lecturer on m spiritism delivered a discourse, purporting I to be directly communicated by the spirit of a Charles' Dickens to the lecturer. The attend- w ance was very small, but in spite of this. shortly afteri8 o'clock Mr Martell mounted the platform; He said that some months ago the spirit of CharlesDickens had appeared to him, and proniised to deliver through him a tl series of lectures or. critiques upon his own works. This promise had been recently ful filled, and the lecthre he would read was, and must be taken as, the words of Dickens, who .,would be represented by him. The .'spirit" asking for a gracious hearing stated .that in life he had looked upon the return b of disembodied spirits to earth as very impro- b bable though not imDossible. Experience had taught him differently-that the heavy Cl gates that opened to receive the soul did not shut.closely behind it, and Ahat some souls were allowed to-resume werke for-the benefit of mankind which might hare egaged their attention dunngmortal life. That the U spirit nature was not immediately changed after death was shown by tLhefat, that he o held many of his wayward fame stll, tl, though sometimes reproved by" ?i wiser friends. Seeing'however, IIre d?ily mow ar how" grat a work reeaird to be 1 done on earthin incelsmg CbritiIa and fi brotherly'love fors each thu meag ma , he had been alloweI d t o h erw S ri eai friendly ·adbil,te im w, so mg u ! part of thin work, to It M fm h idr imsbere inspirit hli.. Ia Is _ ipahi.t a bie was, 9 ba 1 de, I _ m el a liw - Tleech, JrL.o.-ad. we.Wilkt him. Mar, att, 7vel emmaet ldme h aw I apjpreiate, inad .hfekueyt,' e ds,& t a whose saetise had hee. seussilt he Mm i formerly bly its si&lisi; j, with him. ] seld, as redf t asdatsist w a . iaiha i * uferiatgayes alen, in tli o. Mbr andworks, and some, this own fawvit wetice he roogeand li arley he now rf prit ed ahw ,: orts ,ave glimp.es ofathe sateriesetthe futur .. but n1ow tee moat deal with remiism 1 ern .:vs of the past.. -It was a weak.a. of a au.hors to have favorites amom their .own works, and some - f his own farwites were th* " Christmas books." 'In the story of ] S rooge and Marley he now recognised how n ar wh:nt he thou th.ught mereiy a vagrant t rucy was to the truth. The lecturer then read, v ith very good elocutionary effect,-the scee it, Sciooge's hedroom on Christmas eve, between the dead-hearted old bachel.:r a.d the ghost ;f his former liartier. Re:= sum ng as thie qir:t of Dieaens, the lecturer ,went oiu to stale that in spirit lanw!Dickens l,,ved to pouter upon such revelations of hum:n inature as were given by Scroge, aid cont.nde I that mo st wotrks of geniuu were iu p.red by spirits. Taesa spirits wre con teoa to make mortals instruments to carry (ut their ideas and wishes for the welfare of other nmt tls, 'since by these good deeds ti.ey them-elve atoned in some measure jo', tl eir omissio:is during life. The lecturer, or slirlt, hy extracts from the tale 6f "Scroe ge and Marley, showed how sympathy with others, and practical expressions of this syml:athy, brought their own reward in hali piness and humuan love. The tone of tl:e lecture Was very much in the style of Dickens' writing-so like, in fact, that several times we noticed short sentences aiid Siaragrali.hs from his norids apd sketc':es. At' its conclusion Mfr. Martell announced that DLicsens had. promised' to ccmmuica.-te, to him in a few wethks a tecture'olithe "rFoibles of ilickuwick," which woulld afterwards be It - .1y t, 