THE AUSTRALIAN ELEVEN IN QUEENSLAND. BY THE VAGABOND. BRISBANE. Nov. 10, It was a happy accident which caused me to take passage on the A. S. N. Com- panys steamer Balclutha, bound from Sydney to Brisbane, on the 3rd of this pre- sent month of November. The boat was advertised to sail early in the morning, but was afterwards kept back until six in the evening. Now I wanted to get here betimes, and grumbled to the ever courteous, though energetic, manager of the company, Captain Trouton, at the delay. "Every traveller imagines that steamers and trains should be started to suit his own convenience," said he, sarcasti- cally. "Now you want to be off, and would leave the Australian Eleven, part of whom are coming in the Wotonga from Melbourne, behind. Don't be impatient, Mr Vagabond." And I was not, being quite content to wait a week for the purpose of tra- veling with our plucky boys who are going to England to trundle the leather and wield the willow against the greatest players of the world. I was very pleased indeed canter, and to keep this their preliminary conduct professionally and socially. I felt it was necessary that I should do this, as I consider myself the father of the scheme to send an eleven of Australian cricketers to meet Englishmen on equal terms on their own ground. I, too, am a cricketer--or perhaps I should say /was/. But that my space is limited, I could recount many pleasing anecdotes of my experiences in this line in England--of the counties I have played, of the strange scratch "Visitors'" teams raised at watering-places, of many a country match, with unlimited eat- ing and drinking. Ah me! We were young in those days, and did not acknowledge such a thing as a liver. Times have changed since, clad in a hideous striped jacket (if Joseph's was half as atrocious his brothers were justified in getting rid of him) we walked under the hedgerows with the rector's daughters and flirted mildly, telling them of the glories of the land in the setting sun, and the many advantages of slavery. The last generally fetched them, as all women are more or leas fond of arbitrary power. I suppose they have married--the curate or the squire--and their daughters now flirt with young strangers in their turn. I dimly remember these things, and the drives home at night, with the air impregnated with the odour of new-mown hay, the mild summer's moon above us, the barking of a fox, the drumming of a partridge and perchance the notes of a nightingale alone breaking the silence. Yes, those were happy days, when one had just inherited the glorious fortune of Youth, and was spending it as fast as possible. Or, I might give you anecdotes of cricket at Gibraltar and Bombay, of how I started the Richmond (Virginia) Cricket Club, where we paid negroes 20 cents an hour for fielding, and never did anything but bat and bowl. However, I will pass all these for a time, and come to my experiences of cricket in this continent. I first awoke to its growing importance when I saw the first match with the last English Eleven at Mel- bourne. The erection of the grand stand seemed a risky undertaking, but it paid. Few who were there can forget that first miserable day--how it rained and blew, and tents fell over, and bottles of spirits and joints of meat were flying all over the ground, and the stand itself was little protection, and that was rushed by the crowd, small blame to them. And how it was altogether a wet, uncomfortable good-natured throng which took its disappointment easily, and resigned itself to moisture outwardly and inwardly. And on the following days we all enjoyed ourselves. Didn't I cheer the Victorians be- sides backing them from the jump. And when Midwinter stood up to Shaw s bowling and sent the leather flying into the pavilion, wasn't the excitement intense? The yellow- haired young Saxon giant was that night the idol of all Melbourne, and if the elections had been on, would have been returned in triumph for any constituency. Cricket, however will, I trust, always remain a more respectable calling than politics. In Melbourne the Englishmen stopped at the White Hart, a hostelry which I also patronise, and of nights I mingled with the cricketing and betting throng, and tried to find out the swindles going on. It was there that I had a talk with James Lillywhite. Of course I know him as I know everybody--even cricketers. In the old days Lillywhite--as one of the four pro- fessionals kept by Lord Stamford, at his place at Enville in Worcestershire. We revived reminiscences of the grand matches there. "What's the use of you Englishmen coming to Australia to get beaten," said I, pleasantly chaffing Lillywhite. "I believe that a combination eleven of the best players in the colonies would beat more than half your best English teams. There'd be heaps of money in it, too." "Yes, it'd pay," said Lillywhite, "no doubt of that, if you could get New South Wales and Victoria to drop their jeolousies for a time." "I think I'll start the idea publicly," said I. Now, listening to this conversation was that enter- prising journalist and cricketer, Mr John Conway. He said nothing, but thought the more and a month or two after this opened ne- gotiations with the players of the colonies for the present proposed excursion to England. That's how it was. I'm always dropping hints and ideas which will make any man's fortune if he knows how to use them. When our boys return from England with their thousands I shall expect a handsome sou- venir for my trouble in this matter. Feeling my responsibility I was glad, therefore, to travel in the Balclutha with the team, and coach the colonials in the manners and cus- toms of Old England. I regretfully left the classic shades of the Exchange, the bright smiles and cooling dnnks to be met with there, and, accompanied by William the Faithful, was driven down to the wharf. There was a crowd there. Adieus and drinks were freely exchanged and somehow I was in the thick of all this. Didn't we get cheered by the Cornstalks? Some! I found old oppo- nents from Sydney and Melbourne frater- nising with effusion. Five from each colony I knew; the eleventh was the Tasmanian Bailey. Out at sea our cricketers mostly became subdued. The finest batsman in Australia was as wilted as an ordinary mortal. The Warrnamboolian "bowler of the century" was off his feed. And really anyone had an excuse for being ill on board the Balclutha. The ASN Co. is generally a credit to Australia. Its boats are fine, accommodation good and officers gentlemen. I have sailed in many of their steamers lately, and shall have more to say about my experiences, but the Balclutha I found to be an exception. She was so very much over- crowded that all chances of comfort were diminished. Every berth taken and about 20 people sleeping promiscuously amongst the portmanteaus at the end of the saloon, and the atmosphere stifling. It wasn't pleasant. The steward tried all he could to attend to us, the captain to get us through in time, but the voyage wasn't a success and but for the presence of the writer I reckon it would have been considerably duller. Having proved to each member of the eleven that I knew more about cricket than he did, and having pleasantly asserted the rights of Australia against a new chum, there was nothing left but Napoleon Colonel Bolsover, Lieutenant ---, and several others joined in. The army and navy suffered. I say nothing except that I find Nap. a more profitable game than lecturing. Three men were dead broke. In these little round games nobody ever acknowledges winning. Then we started story-telling and the gen- tleman whom I call Colonel Bolsover chal- lenged the crowd at this game. I took up the gauntlet, and it is needless to say he paid for the drinks. But in spite of all these amuse- ments the voyage was very dull and very hot. The deck was obstructed with a few thousand cases of oranges, but when the cricketers wanted to purchase a case they could not. It was rather exasperating, hot and thirsty as we were, to see the luscious cool fruit and not be able to taste. And this the more so to those of the team who are abstainers. I am glad that all the members are renowned for their temperance and restraint. The voyage was bad enough, but when we got into Moreton Bay it was worse. The whole colony of Queensland seemed to be on fire, and a dense fog of smoke hung over the waters, pre- venting us seeing five yards ahead. From 5 o'clock on Monday till noon on Tuesday we lay here. When the smoke lifted we found we had been within a few hundred yards of the lightship, and on passing this we were hailed that a party of gentlemen had gone down the bay in a small steam launch to meet us. This was a laughable /contretemps/, the "reception committee" being out till 7 o'clock at night vainly searching for the Balclutha which at 2 o'clock was alongside the wharf. In Brisbane, the Australians were feasted and fêted, and had a general good time until Friday, the 9th, when the first day's play of their match against eighteen of Queensland commenced at the racecourse at Eagle Farm, four miles from town. There are two routes open to reach this, river and road. I have been by both, but prefer the river, as, although longer and slower, you escape the dust, which as everywhere in this continent, is an infliction hard to be borne. Excursion steamers went down the river to Hamilton, which is within three quarters of a mile of the racecourse. Arrived here, one found a track of a mile in circumference, and inside the rails the wicket had been pitched. There was no grass anywhere around this, and when one stirred the dust flew up in clouds. I don't think the Eleven will ever play on rougher ground. In the centre of the course were plenty of logs and stumps, and outside the enclosure primeval bush. To the eye of the new chum cricket was certainly being played under strange conditions. The grand stand was reserved for the rank, fashion, beauty and wealth of Queensland, at 7s. a head. They didn't turn up much at the price. The Governor and Miss Kennedy, however, graced the first day's play with their presence. A temporary stand for 2s. people had been erected, and admis- sion at the gates was also 2s. The charges altogether were too high, and the mistake was seen when too late, on the second day prices being reduced. I don't think the arrangements were quite perfect. There seemed to be a want of cordiality in work- ing on the cart of the secretary, but the Queensland has got soured perhaps having to deal with the petty jealousies of the local clubs. Between these personal feeling runs high. There were plenty of booths on the ground, with every facility for eating and drinking. A wheel of fortune, the three card trick, and thimblerig afforded amusement to some. A few mounted troopers galloped about, under the command of the ubiquitous Sub- inspector Stuart, who on his fiery stead careered around, giving animation to the scene. But it was not very lively. Perhaps 1,200 people were present on the first day, but scattered around the course these appeared but a few. The play afforded little scope for enthusiasm. The Queensland team won the toss, and elected to take first innings. Allan and Kendall took the leather, and bowled all throughout. It was evident from the commencement that the local men had not the ghost of a chance, which, as they had wanted to play fifteen, and some suggested only eleven, against Australia was pretty rough on their feelings. There was the usual stupid adjournment to lunch after an hour's play, and at this His Excellency and Miss Kennedy kindly attended. It was an execrable five shillings' worth. After lunch the sticks fell rapidly. Allan bowled superbly, Kendall well maintained his repu- tation, and the fielding was first-class all round. But Blackham's wicket keeping was immense. They had never seen anything like it in Queensland before. Egan was the only one of the natives who made a stand. He was well caught at last by the Tasmanian for a carefully-played innings of 22. All out for 58. Then Bannerman and Horan, the two champion bats of New South Wales and Victoria, went to the wickets, and the trouble began. The bowling was not so bad. Slade and Petrie both did well, the former deliver- ing 20 maidens out of 189 balls. But the batsmen were too much for them, and by the time the wickets were drawn on the first day 90 runs were scored for the loss of two wickets, Horan having been rather stupidly run out, and Spofforth smartly caught. Ban- nerman had given two or three chances, but his batting all round was in grand style. He is as hard and clean a hitter as will be found in all England, and keeps the ball well down. With 18 in the field it is not easy to avoid giving a chance now and then. But for the mishap Horan no doubt would have come well to the front. The second day's play did not commence till 1 o'clock. There were only about 500 people on the ground. Banner- man, in company with the Tasmanian, kept the fielders busy for a time, but was at last dis- posed of for 74--thus winning a bet of £5 to 10s., taken by a Victorian, that he would make more than the first innings score of the Queensland eighteen. After lunch, the Aus- tralian wickets fell rapidly, and the cricket displayed was not of first-class order, but the boys played carelessly and held their op- ponents too cheap. They were all out for 149, leaving their opponents 92 to make to save a defeat in one innings. Well, they thought they would make it. There ia a good deal of native self- reliance in your Queenslander, but we from the South found the game very dull, and I had to seek refuge in the society of Monsieur de Poix Tyrel, the Commissioner for Queensland at the next Paris Exhibition. This youth- ful gentleman has consented to be umpire at the first match played by the Australians in England. He will be a great success. Although a descendent of the ancient kings of France, he is a born Queens- lander, standing six feet two, and weighing 19 stone. How's that for a colonial produc- tion? The Prince, as I always call him, vainly endeavoured to get an opponent in a single wicket match but we all quailed before him. Allan, unfortunately, had an attack of sciatica, and only bowled 28 balls in the second innings. Ken- dall was in very good form, taking 13 wickets. Boyle was knocked about a bit. Towards the finish Spofforth, the "wind- jammer" as he is called in aquatically-dis- posed Sydney, was put on to give the people a show. His peculiar delivery and fast action amused the crowd. It was simple work. By 5 o'clock the second innings of the Queens- land Eighteen was over for 68 runs, Petrie making the only stand. The Australians thus won by 23 runs and one innings. On Monday the show is to be spun out by three Aus- tralians playing 11 Queenslanders at single wicket. I don't envy these natives if Ban- nerman gets well in. On Monday night there is to be a banquet at the School of Arts, the Governor presiding, tickets one guinea. I reckon it will be a failure in point of at- tendance. Below are the full scores:-- QUEENSLAND E1QarSEN FIKbT IN'MSOH Bar bury, run out . _ 2 JBertei 8baw, b Kondall .. (I Brj ant, et Blaekham . , 2 De Winton, c Blaekham, b KontliU . 8 Kgan, o Balley, b Allan .. ..22 D Geddes I) Allan . .. 4 Jj Just, c Orcçorr, b Allan _ .,0 Miller, ibw.b Allan. ., ., .. 3 Nicoll, c Bia kham, b Kondall ,, .,1 Parker, o Gregory, b Allan _ ,. 2 Petrie, b Kendall .. i Sheehan, b Kondall .2 Strickland, bKendall .. ..6 Shophoid, b Allan _ .6 Slate, b Aliau .0 Smith, c Blaokham, b Allan.. _ 0 F Boberts, not out.0 B. Warry, c Murdoch, b Allan _ 0 Byes. . _ 8 68 EotvLi.Mi ANÁLISIS-Allan, 152 balls, 16 runa, 26 maidens, 10 wlckots, Kendall, MS bills, SO rona, IS maidens, 0 wickets SECOND ratiaos Berteníhaw, o Spoffortb, b Kendall " 8 Parker, o Murdoch, b Allon - .. ., I DaWlnton, b Kendall . .. _ "0 Warry, o Murdoch, b Kondall .. 2 E¿»n, c Grogory, b Boyle . ..2 Geddes, o Batley, b Kondall.0 Moeeon, at Blackburn, b Kendall ., 1 Miller, et Blaekham, b Kondall .. .. 8 Brjant, at Blaekham, b Kondall _ ,,7 Just, b Kendall.0 Strickland, o Boyle, b Kendall ,. _ 0 Pctrlo, o Garrett, b Spoflortli ,. .20 Banbury, b Spoffortb ,. . ., 5 Sheehan, b Kondall .. - - 0 Ebeppard, o Boj lo, b Kondall ., & Blade, o and b Kondall .. ., _ 11 Huberts, st Blackburn, b Kendall . 1 Smith, not out _. ,. 1 First Innings .. ,. 63 "ii* Bowi.tKo AhALisiH-Allan, 29 balls, 2 run], 6 maidens, 1 wicket, Kendall, 00 bille, 86 runs, 8 maidens, 13 wickets, Boyle, 82 balls, l8 russ, 1 malden, 1 wicket, Bpofforth, 82 balk), 13 moa, 8 nuldcnr, 2 wickele COMBINED AUSTRALIAN ELEVEN. -FIRST INNINGS C Bannerman, c Brjant, bPotrlo _ 74 T Boran, run out .. .. ..11 G Bailey, c Geddes, b Slado .. ..16 r SpoHortb, o Bortonsbaw, b Slade ., 12 J Blockh.m, o filado . _ ..6 H Boj le (run out) .. . ..12 F Allan (not out) . " 8 r Garrett, bfilsdo .. . 0 D Gregory, o Shepherd, b Potrlo ., 0 T Kendall, c Brjant, b Petrie _ ..3 W Murdoch, lbw .. . . i But dries ... II Tolal .. . . Uti Bom isa ANALYSIS -Bryant, SO balls 35 ran' 6 maidens, no wicket, Blade, 180 balls, 57 runs, 20 maleme, 6 nicket«, tllllor, 21 balla, .1 runs, ua ?wlt-kor, Potrlo, Ed balls, 81 runa, S -aidons, ¡¡ Wlckols THE Echuca and Moama AdicUisa of Friday soya -"Yeaterday morning n lou" line of trucks, conveying crttle and Bheop for transmission to New South Wales reached Lchuca from Melbourne Thero wore 13 trucka containing well bred bulla winch were taken on to Deniliquin The sheep were unloaded here, and croaaed over tho pontoon The tendency at tho present time nppearo to be to stock the runs in tho .Riverine district from Victoria and when tina fact is coupled with the tai which has recently been imposed on sheep coming into Victoria, it will be very Btrange if consumera of mutton do not soon experience nn advance in pnceB," 