? THE WRECK OF A LIFE. {Written expressly for the Weekly Examiner.) CHAPTER IV.—THE STORY OF AGNES MONTAGUE. Several weeks had elapsed since the daj when Miss Austin Lad been brought to Bramble House. The fall and the blows received from the struggling horse had shaken her terribly, but &he; was now able to sit up, and even to take a small share of the daily duties. It was about nine o'clock, and the weather wi s so tempestuous, that Miss Kute had insisted that Mr Arnold should remain for the night. He usually acquiesced in Miss Kute's arrangements, and on this occasion he seemed nothing loth. We had been in the drawing-room about an hour; I had played, and Lydia Austin had ' sung ; Mr ' Arnold, - who generally complied with the invariable request that he would sing, declared himself not to be in ft musical mood, and I, without thinking particularly what I was saying, suggested that he might be in the historical or ' narrative mood. He lowered, his keen eyes for an instant and'smiled, and then said, " Precisely the night, but not the hour." "What do you mean}" asked Miss Kute. "Miss-Lacey understands me," re-, plied Mr Arnold. T was looking at the moment at Lydia Austin, and I . noticed a sharp glance and a Ipsa than momentary knifcting of her fairbrows, I did-dot. understand these signs of ditfpla&surie.; at the time, though subsequently'the reason became apparent eńougli. '•; " But I do not," pursued Miss Kute,- "so l will thank you to enlighten me." "Yon have forgotten that when iMiss Lacey arrriyed at Bramble Houpe she was so deeply impressed by the gloom that hangs perpetually about the place that I waB tnuch concerned at her evi*' dent depression, and promised to make things pleasanter tor her by introducing her to all the ghostly visitants or in-: habitants of the mansion. She was incredulous as to their existence, and, as I ; thought it was .treating them rather, rudely, I deferred the introduction until a more suitable opportunity. I stipulated foil à black mght, J a Vaning 1 moon looking through the riftéd clouds, and the witching hour when.' .church-' yards yawn." " Well," said Miss Kute, glancing;at the window, "you have two of your requirements, and I am quite sure nonę of lis will be willing to wait until midnight for you to beigin.V "What is it all abput?" said! Lydia Austin; " Is Mr Arnold going to tell us a stoiy T' . . 0;;. "Yes," replièd Miss Kute. f'l think he Bàid it would bé a very horrible Btory—af léàst I ïememberhls quôting Shakespeare,,and assuring Mips Laçèjr that it wpuld h&ve; a yery ternliló effect upori.her." " ' .".7- •' " Oh ! that will lië 'dèlightful !" exclaimed Lydifc« I ïo^é'gHbst storifcs,- and pfflpu^ijfg^li^^jfy» ' Mr Amoldj ;whose, ièyeÊ iwere ,• £iiiU s bent upon the carpet, smiled and askèdj " You have seen £he:B£one bearing the inscription, ' « Antió T3ómińi 1710,' in the froit'of thitfbouse'P''. "Oh,;yes (h wft^epjiejl.- " Bi-amble Héuee Wreaia' different : ûanie'thën; The.t^'-fcljitih* 'fortifo sidarable cluster of .'mean houfiesj '.auà 1 ^as' not visible through the thick foliage of the woods that covered the hill sides. The proprietor of this; mansion, and of a considerable landed property in. the neighborhood, nas a certain Walter Montague, an English gentleman of good fa nil y and. rare gifts. He had distinguished himself in Germany under Marlborough, and was in Spain under Peterborough. Returning from the Continent on the death of his father, he erected this house, and gave himself up to the' enjoyment of his ample fortune, and to pursuit of those studies which his tastes delighted in and his talents fitted him for. He would have been better contented with his lot perhaps, if Heaven had favored him with a son worthy of such a father ; for he had all the family pride that befits a well-born Englishman, and was naturally unwilling that the name and estate should slip away together at his death. But it had been decreed otherwise—the sole representative of the Montagues, beside himself, was Agnes, his daughter. All that a father conld desire in a daughter, Walter Montague had. She was of a comely countenance and elegant figure —tall, and•< queenly in her gait and manner. Then she inherited so much of her father's heroic spirit that he was wont with" a gravé smile to regret that such a manly sóul had been lodged in a womanly body. Walter Montague was attracted to the house of Hanover, but was a friend of Mr Forster, who joinęd the Earl : ofDerwent water in the cause of thePre tender. There came to the heavy gates lat the end of the long walk, one evening, ju&t; at subset, a young man attended by a middle-aged servant. They were both well mounted,, but the horses bore Unmistakeable evidences, of longand hard-riding. The old gatekeeper did .not hesitate to adpiit them, tnough the times were troublous and caution Wjis necessary. As- soon as they reached thé principal entrance Mr Montague came from the library, grasped warmly the young man!s hand, and gave? directions to some; of the servants to tat e the horses and make his attendant comfortable. Then refreshments were placed before the visitor," who (partook of them Voraciously as if Buffering from ^hunger and fatigue. Walter Montague's countenance was somewhat troubled, as he sat looking very earnestly on the handsome bronzed face of the young man sitting in front of him, and when his hunger was appeased,; and the dishes had been removed, hë asked very anxiously, " And what of the movement, Herbert?" •, " All that can be wished, sir, by those who cannot bend their necks before à German boor.!' iWalter Montague's-countenance evidenced annoyance, which the young man perceiving hastened to add " I know full well that yiotif principles attach you to th|3 téigning ^yiia&ty;, but even you -will aljofo tliatiof.'th^ twp'pur prince is the more wortliy ft&sjS; pt jÉiagland's throne.?;,' Eersonjiljy .'sg/'.irq^nf' Montague.- But the" OMuen&Jfi;» <Hp6se of'6tdart'ifllost,ntteilyiloRti and •thoâe who involve themBëlves^tàiï bribg •iip on themselves «wift'^eé^fâafcn. It ^eV^s mę/Hafljert,-- uncle ^chivflj^^'dio^eofthe old frith to blind Kis judgment." , 'f.ïou are mistaïkeii.Tflirf lioasnpposing that this 'is a 4eśp®fcttte (movement—à hopeless'attempt.-'^Yirahave no' idea of our stfiaingth. MtttjcMilford, Wintoun, NitttisMè; (DaTtiwHtth^Vi toïd j : Kinmuir, and i^HMt'oï J «ftKeTO|3rlè with ns. " . j M o n - ^«e/iT/; the^^F^.^.TOore work' for tne headąmtini" / . I The face of the yonngj.màn flushed feógiily,' "''«•Ï see «o h«włsman; » air,'' he see a 3 fgàlïafil!%finôô in the plab'e'bf ł tHb r;^eMSi J fi^èr. I see Perwenjtwater an4j^r|r ; !^t 'the King's fight «JiàxjcL ;. .My^ncle lis loyalty and ffltiiolism TOll 3 «iwrded by !th§ (confidence that our party reposes in ' "We will not discuss what we cannct possibly agree about," .said Montague, " let us change the subject. But first of all what has brought you from the North at such a time as this ? I think you seem tired, and your horses certainly were." _ " I have come on a mission of great importance, as it is necessarv we should .feel the southern pulse. We shall do very well in the east, and I have letters for the west. But it would be very cruel and selfish on my part if I made you a confidante in the matter, because it is just possible that events may take the turn you anticipate, so I shall tell you no more. I have come to visit the friend of my uncle, the man to whom my uncle owes all that makes life valuable—that is all." Walter Montague smiled a grave, almost a sad smile, « You would not thank me if I kept you a prisoner here," he said, " and yet it would be the kindest action of my life." 2," You «e a man of great resolution," p%idHerbert, "but it would require all .y<>UE courage, and more than all your fqree, to detain me against my will." ; "I know not how I stand with the Qpnrt, for to say the truth I trouble ,P}j5pęif bot little about them ; but if 19$ and your purpose are discovered I fcjś* it is but little I should be able to .dp for you, " said Montague. \- " Do not disturb yourself about me," replied Herbert, "you don't know what old head is upon my shoulders." .. "I know there is a brave heart in your bosom, or you would not be your • jpjcle'3 nephew," said Montague smiling. ''And 1 the fact that you are intrusted with letters of such a nature shows :that the leaders of your party have a high opinion of your devotion tp the causé of him whom you call your prince ; but I am loth to see my old friend's nephew in such peril, and indeed I should not be true to my principles if I ąllowed my house to bęi the centre of operations of such.a,character as you have .referred to. As, â gùest, lj owe ver, you are heartily welcome, and Agnes, will pntertain you while you stay, and Ihopę make a more loyal man of you." There was a tap at the door as Walter Montague ceased speaking, and a voice that. Herbert;For3ter thought the most musical he had ever heard asked, "Can I:come in, papa?" . " Yes,; 4gneB and immediately there -entered the daughter of whom Montague, had jast spoken. Herbert .could not ręmove;,liis gazftj from'hier, and .whep she greeted him T>yjtÉ all the warmth 9f old, friendship, though she had cot seen ,him, sinqe^pyhood, he smile^i at.thę ^o^hfe that recurred to his n^inji,jijja^ąhę.^puld be a very per-, s «^Ffl^F®pq»PUt;agapst hjs disloyalty. Jf^îsfiTOûing, 0ivery , Quickly, perbertforstęr had- never f# himself so dull or been'so ;muph Relighted with a woman's, conversation Hę had. been fatigued .with a very long ri^e;, but his fatigue ,was forgotten, and be. sat in his bedrpom for an hour after retiring, wondering, greatly at the strange tumult !of his -thoughts and feelings. When at length he threw himself upon his.bed he had well nigh forgotten the purposfe of his visit to Kent, and was almost alarmed to find how very little the .prince's cause,, was occupying. his thoughts. A night's sleep, however, prqdiioed a good e#ectaipon,his nerves, and; though he was unusually careful in ? .his toilet and consulted the glass more than was his'wont, he had so far overcome the spell of Agnes Montague's beauty and conversation,, that he'had resolved upon a.journey to; the, hpipe of an influential 'Catholip family; who resided in Hampshire.. Bu^thjthę: breakfast came Agnes, and with Agnes , remained Herbert Forster for that day and many more, making many valorous resolutions to accomplish the object of his mission, only to break them. But there was one who regarded this conduct on the part of. Herbert Forster vjith very different feelings to those of falter Montague, who rather encouraged than eudeavored to check the fondness that was evidently gathering strength on both sides. Perhaps Mr rorster's friend hoped to wean his young guest from the service of one w;hom he regarded as what he was commonly termed « The Pretender," or he was not unwilling that the daughter of whom he was so fopd and .proud should be united to the nephew of his dearest friend—or, like many men in similar circumstances, he was willing to let events take their own course. Certain it is that he never interposed to prevent what a man of far less penetration could have seen was inevitable, and at last the mission -with which Herbert Forster had been entrusted was utterly forgotten or abandoned, and lie remained in Kent, and spent a considerable portion of his time at the Montagues, as the accepted suitor of Agnes. But all this time there was one watching and dissembling—one with intensest zeal and fiercest bigotry, hiding under an exterior of apparent devotion to his young master, his deep hatred of those whom he regarded as having caused him to swerve from his fealty. This was the servant who had accompanied Herbert—the middle-aged man of whom I have spoken. He was a Highlander, and devoted to the cause of the Stuarts without very distinctly knowing why. Several times be ventured to remonstrate with Herbert, who at first evaded any direct allusions to the object of their jourpey, then treated thé matter lightly .until thę brow of the Gael clouded and a dangerous glare of the fierce eyes caused him to look on his servant for .the first time with suspicion. Letters were delivered to Herbert, which he read, with troubled countenance, and. then he would .leave the neighborhood fora few ,dąy ?) apfl on returning would speak ,in mysterious terms to Angus, of the success that was attending his efforts. To all this the Gael answered only by a grim smile, but Herbert was too much pre-occupied by morp ; agreeable thoughts to note particularly the effect of hi? communi- 'catioDS. Time passed, and still Herbert Forster lingered.. More than one messenger bad been .despatched; to him. from the north of England, but he had always .contrived to. remain ostensibly ia furtherance of the cause , of the. Stuart Prince— really that he might still remain near Agnes Montagu; n After dąrkness befallen upon thfljiills ;and :ithe, mansion of the Montagues, Apgfis ;one night.left the obscure lodging in the neighboring, town where.. Herbert Forster and he usually resi^di and hurried to the wateraide.i ,A boat soon after grated on the-sfcorc, and ..twp mc). stepped from it. ; Afer along and .earnest conversation, ope :pf them açopmpanied Angus back to bie lodginpe, Herbert, as usual,; was a^ JRalter Montague's, and Angus, carefully, -securing ,the door and the shutter, lighted a latpp, and proceeded to plac.e certain .papers in the hands of his j visitor- The latter carefully, ; perused some of thesm, and with the remark "That.will do," secreted them abput his person, Then . he handed to Angus a well-filled, ^urse, which the Highlander graspedtwith an expression of mingled: ferocity and j covetousness on his harsh countenance. The lamp was extinguished,' the door cautiously opened,, and ^e visitor left the house and prooeeded to the river. Scarcely ład he left the house when iHerheirt- Forster returned, and calling fora light hastened to his room, and t here shutting himself in, committed to the flames several letters and memoranda. « A 11 is lost, Angus," lie said, when, after the lapse of a brief interval, he had admitted his servant to his room. " Poor Derwentwater is taken and many others, and it behoves .us to be cautious or we shall Bhare their fate." The Highlander never uttered a word, but his gloomy face darkened perceptibly, and a glare of hatred or ferocity from his grey eyes caused Herbert to* regard him intently :and with some apprehension. Could he have known the evil thoughts of the man who stood so silently before him, he vould have endeavored perhaps effectually to avert the ' danger that threatened the innocent cause of Angus's malice. "What think you of the cause óf your Prince now?" asked Walter'Montague the next evening, when the news that the rising had ended so disastrously to the Stuart party had reached him. Herbert's face was troubled, for conscience was whispering that he had been a traitor to the cause. Montague eaw the shadow and divined its cause. "Herbert, my boy," he said, and there were all the tones of parental affection in his words, " I am not sorry that you forgot your imaginary duty to a hopeless and unjust cause. The-nation decided long ago that it would have no Stuart in principle, though it enjoyed something approaching to prosperity under the good woman who has 1 ' gone, and who was the last of that race that will ever sit upon the English throne. So now let your mind be easy,-for if you had carried out your instructions vou would only have involved many who will now escape, including yourself. I fear it will fare ill with your poor uncle, for it seems he was mad enough to join Derwentwater in proclaiming the exile, king. You will grieve—it is natural and proper that you 6hould—but do not upbraid yourself with the thought that you might have prevented, or in any way mitigated the sufferings that must ensue from the catastrophe. Rather be grateful that you were diverted from the course that fanatical and ambitious men had marked out for you, and that you have an asylum here." "My poor uncle," said Herbert, " my poor uncle." "~We will do all we can for him, though I fear that all will not be much," replied Montague. Several days passed—Herbert's trusty servant had taken his departure—Agnes was sitting in this room, her graceful form bending over the harp while Herbert watched her—seeing a new grace in every movement and postura, and • shutting out the sorrowful thoughts of the defeat of his Mends, and the lost cause of the Prince. It was about ten at night when a sudden commotion outside caused Agnes to start in alarm from her seat, and to look in inquiry at Herbert. There was a loud summons at the door,- voices in altercation, then a servant came breathlessly into the room, and stammered the words—"The king's officers, Mr Forster." It was enough. Agnes understood the peril as well and as quickly as Herbert. " Quick, Herbert, quick," she exclaimed, and seizing his hand, she led him through the adjoining room, down the staircase, and hastily opening a door on the landing, descended tę the cellar, crossed to the opposite eide, and opening another door not visible in the dim light even in daytime, bade him enter. Herbert obeyed. Agnes ' closed the door upon him, retraced het steps, regained ;her room without 1 being observed, and there waitëdj pale "with excitement, not with terror^ the issue of the event Walter Montague was unfortunately absent -at the time, and the house was -searched from the foundation to the attics. Leaving a guard, the disappointed officer, who had been instructed to airest Mr Forster, returned with thfe remainder of his men to the town, where<th>é lodgings lately occupied by Herbert ' and his man servant were ransacked* In the meantime Agnes sought relief from the intense excitement, and apprehensions for her lover's safety, in a walk at tfofe'irear of the house. She was a fearless'"gM' at all times, and no thought of danger! to': herself obtruded to render her more cautious than usual. The moon shone brightly, and the night was warm. Onward beyond the bounds of the ground attached to the house, she walked at a rapid pace,and halting for a few seconds, and looking back at the home of her father, and the hiding-place of her lover, she prayed that he might yet escape. As she stood there with the moonlight full on her face a gaunt form rose suddenly from the earth beside her, and a heavy hand was laid upon her aim. The shriek that rose to her lips was stifled by a cloak being thrown over her head, and she was dragged away. The servant who had given the alarm wondered greatly that her mistress did not return, but knowing that she had hurried Mr Forster away, concluded that she had left home with him. When the morning came and there were no tidings of her the household was in a state of consternation, and Walter Montague could scarcely obtain a coherent narrative of the events that had taken place daring his absence. . The disappearance of his daughter did not at first cause him more than a momentary anxiety as he, too, concluded that she had left her home with Herbert Forster, with the intention of guiding him to the house of a friend where he would have been safe for a time until means could be devised for 'his final escape, or his pardon could be obtained by the intercession of those who though friendly with him were yet loyal to the reigning monarch. Having dispatched a messenger to the house of this friend, Walter Montague at once communicated with the Government with the view of ascertaining how far he had become compromised through the visits of Herbert Forster ; but before he could ascertain his position the messenger returned with the tidings that Agnes had not been seen or heard of at' his friend's house. Filled with alarm Montagne commenced a search which proved utterly fruitless—no trace of the fugitives could be found, no tidings could be learned. Still, though fearful apprehensions oppressed him, he clung to the hope that as Herbert Forster' had made good his escape, had so completely eluded his pursuers, that even he, Walter Montague, Herbert's friend, could not discover a clue to his whereabouts, bis daughter might still be in safety. But these hopes were soon rudely dispelled. The master of a fishing boat beating up thé river saw the body of a woman floating pa6t. A boat was put off, the corpse lifted into it, and conveyed to the little town, where it remained for identification. Before a couple of hours had elapsed a messenger waited upon Montague and requested him to accompany him Though he preserved his outward calmness, 1 a terrible foreboding filled the sorrowing father's breast. Silently the messenger led the way to the river side tavern, where the body had been deposited. The door was opened, Walter Montague stepped .in. Then there came from his lips a groan that seemed to rend his" heart sounder, and the strong man that had looked death in the face so many times sank tp the ground all but unconscious. For J pome minutes they allowed his grief to 1 -take 'its own course, then they ' gehtly Questioned him as to the circumstances attending her disappearance. A careful examination of her body showed m&tf;ćs of Violence, but not sufficient 'to 'have : caused death ! The dreadful 1 , event shrouded ih ! mystery that- waś only to be unfolded after many yeąrs when the old Jacobite servant -was-' dying and the crime lav heavy upon his conscience. Then he told how he had placed such papers in the hands of the authorities as he hoped would involve Montague in the charge of treason—how his scheme had tusoarried, and a warrant for Herbert Forster's arrest had been issued — bow he had been lurking in the neighborhood of Montague House, and had unexpectedly encountered Agnes—that looking upon her as the cause of Herbert'6 unfaithfulness to the party of the Prince, he had, with the assistance of a brother fanatic, resolved upon her death—how they had muffled her in a heavy cloak and conveyed her to the river, rowed half way across it, and hurled her in. But at the time of the discovery of poor Agnes Montague's body all was mystery. The heartbroken father could only direct that the corpse of his child should be taken to the home that she had but 80 lately adorned, and when it was committed to the dost it seemed as if his life had been also taken. From a hale and active man he became a shrunken liftless automaton, seeing nobody, hearing nothing,'CŁtefnlonly to avoid being intruded,, upon. But whathad become of Herbert Forster ? Years had elapsed—Walter Montague, bowed with grief, and white with age, was near his end, and sent for his lawyer to make a settlement of bis affairs. There was much that required careful arrangement, and certain documents that were essential to a faultless title to some of the landed property, could not be found. As it frequently happens in similar cases the intellect of Walter Montague, that had so long been under a cloud, brightened in the near prospect of death. Memory that had slumbered or been benumbed by his terrible affliction suddenly awakened, and he told where the documents would be found, and why'.they had been concealed in the vault. To the vault, then, they went, i The cellar by which it was approached was filled with lumber, and had never been disturbed for many years. After some trouble they succeeded in opening the heavy door, the lock of which was rusted, and the hinges almost refused their office. The gloom and the foul vapours rendered it impossible for a few minutes to enter the vault, but when all danger was over they went in and found the chest (securely ironed and fastened) which 'contained the documents. Bit what was that in the corner that reflected from its whitened surface the light of the lanterns 7 They looked, and shuddered as -they looked, impelled by some awful impulse, to step forward and gaze. They brought the light of the lanterns to bear upon the grim object in the dark corner, and then a cry of horror and amazement burst from them as they saw that it was a human skeleton 1 To Walter Montague they hurried and showed the glittering ring that they had taken from the flesh less finger. The old man's eyes were rivetted on it for some seconds, and then he slowly repeated the words—" Poor Herbert, poor Herbert!" " What a shocking story !" said Lydia Austin, drawing her drapery, around her as if she felt the cold damp air of the vault. " But you said it was a ghost story," said Miss Kute. *« So it is," replied Mr Arnold. " Every anniversary of thé attempted arrest of Herbert Forster, Agnes Montague descends the stairs holding the hand of her lover, and leading him to the fatal vault. Ab 1 Miss Lacey, you smile, do you ? What if you should meet her or them ? Your room is on the landing." (To be continued in our riext. ) 