Tub marsupial plague is . attracting attention in different quarters, and sug gestions/ soinb' of thom of a novo! character, aro given to tho public, with the object of devising some plan ior tlio abatement of tho ovil. It was announ ced not long siuco that on some ' of tho infested runs the marsupials had almost ontiroly disappeared, and it was inferred that they had been killed by tho drought. But much as \vo should like to seo such a rosult, it is to bo iearod that tho conclusion rosts on no solid foundation. A ueffoioucy of grass and wator may drivo tho living post away for a time from certain districts) - but it will bo found, iu tho cud, that tlio relief is but temporary. If thousands — and possibly . hundreds of thousands — of marsupials 'had quiotly given up the ghost, instond of betaking thomsolvos to pastures now, wo should hnvo heard something about tlio carcases,' for so vast an accumulation of putrid animal mnttor could not hnvo boon long cou- coalod in the scrubs. It would have poisouod tho air, "and tho winds of hoavon would havo carried tlio tidings. No doubt a prolonged drought Is moro or loss destructive of animal lifo but if so many kangaroos kad .diod off sud denly we should havo had some evi dence of tlio fact. . Whoro, then; aro tho piles of tho doad? Scattered through tho scrub, porhnps ? But has any ouo heard of. thorn, . soeu .thorn, scented tliom ? 1 If hot/ tho bliaiidos 'aro that tho majority aro fooding.elsewhore; and wo aro iueliiiod to think that tlio marsupials, are porhups. bettor, ablo to look out for thomsolvos in the matter of food and drink than rnauy of our explorors. Apart, howovor, from probabilities, tbore is enough of tho marsupial plnguo loft to occasion serious misgivings in not a fow districts ; and it will devolve upon tho Legislature next session to devise a scheme for mitigating the evil. Wo don't look forward to tho extirpation of tho posts, unless tho Government cau ho porsuadod to follow tho advice of such Writers as Jim- buck" in tho Sydney Mail.' Tho name coucoaled under this noni do plume is, of courso, unknown to us ; but tho scheme propounded by tho writer is truly wonderful, on account of its simplicity, vastnoss, and: rapidity of oxocution. The groat wonder-worker is poison ; and by " Jimbuk's " plan any infested run might, be cleared in an incredibly short time, if tlio kangaroos, wallabies, and paddy-melons could only be persuaded to como aud devour the poisoned baits'. ;! "Jiinbuk" has three schemes. Tho first two ho works with poison, in ,tho third he decoys and entraps. Let us seo how he proceeds. No good sugges tion should bo lost sight of on such a subject, for in many districts there is a death-strugglo going; on- between 'tho grazier and tho mnrsupiul. Tho first proposal is to put poisoned salt in small paddocks onciosed- with sheep-proof fencos, such as wallabies could crawl through, and over which tho kangaroos could leap. Salt is said to be attractive to these animals, and it is Bupposod that they would, leap over good high fences to got nt tho bait. No doubt Jimbuk's salt would bo preferred to any other, even in the salt-bush couutry. Ou this ! depends tho success of No. 1 sehomo. Gome ono como; all! says tho inventor to tho millions' of marsupials that roam at .large on the pasturo lands of tho colony ; and ho sprinkles his " salt within secure enclosures. Possibly tho stolen artiole lias superlative charms, ' ovon ' for kangaroos. The Bocond plan is to put poison into slices of melon,- pumpkin, potatoe, &c.;, and to scatter thoso over the pastures. Horo, again, millions are invited to tho banquet. Tho work might bo a little tedious, for fresh slices would have to bo scattered broadcast ovor hundreds of miles of country almost daily. Still, tho thing could be oasily douo, if thero was a sufficient number of mon, with horses and carts — say a fow thousands. Somo would preparo the poison, whilo others could cut up tho pumpkins, insert the fntul. drug, . and pitch , it forth. Millions of inolona arid pumpkins would he required,, and tons upon: tons of poison. Tho soliomo is vust, hut thou how efficucious — if tho marsupials just ate of tho poisoned food, and that would probably be as attractive as tho salt. . The third sohemo dbsorvos spocial attention. ; More timo nnd labor would be required in tho preparation, but then how fatal in its results ! Wo shudder to think of tho slaughtor it would bring about. Tho plan is this : "To form small maizo or sorghum paddooks within tho largo grazing paddocks, tho fences to bo proof agniuBt all animals, ingress and ogross to bo through gates, tho green corn to docoy tho animals during a few days, thou tho j gates to bo olosod whilst tho crop grow woll towards maturity, and looked very enticing. Thon tnako pitfalls 'at' tho gates and let the deluded orontures rush towards the, rintioing feed ; ;at ' tiie gates their pogrebs would bo fatally skoppod." Tho. Ibicgi'dph oharaotorisCs :tho aohoine as pdnuorous, slow, arid unoertain, and bints that powder und hounds would bo .aafAr aud- spoedior. exterminators. . . And . there is" something in "this- viow ' of tho case. It would cprtainly be slow, rirtd costly to oroot imporvious fencos, put up'strorig" gates, plough' ririd bow, and dig imraouso pitfalls) whilo,; at tho denouement, "burly oxocutioners,' bludgeons in hand, would omorgo from their ambuscade, and knock tho doomod animals ou tho bond. . How many might bo ontrappod at a time is a qiiostion, and it is just possible that the marsupials bright 'soon bo soarod away from the shaniblos, in which case tho Bmall paddocks, formed at great oxponso and troublo, would bo usoless. But this is ouly an outsider's viow. Thoso onolosuros might have a por- potuul charm for tho infatuatod animals, just as iu the cobo of tho salt, and tho poisoned melons. Schemes like thoso should liavo a trial, but ou a small scalo ut first — indeed, the smaller tho bettor. 