MADCAP VIOLET. BY WILLIAM BLACK. Authob of A Pbinoess of Thule, Theee Feathebs, &a.;, &o.; Chapter XXXIX.—"Soul to Soul!'' All that Christmas-day, until the after noon, she spent in her lodgings, sometimes reading, sometimes staring out of window in the misty street, where the shops were shut, and the people who passed wore their; Sunday clothes. She thought the cold, dismal day would never end. Her landlady, pitying her forlorn con dition, came up and made hold to ask her whether she would not have something extra for her dinner, seeing it was Christmas-day. Miss Main replied that she would he out in the afternoon, and would return for supper, as usual, in the evening. Then Mrs. Koberts called, and frankly invited the girl to go over and have dinner -with herself and a small party of guests. Miss Main thanked her friend warmly; hut said she had an engagement. In the afternoon, as it was drawing towards dusk, she put on her shawl and honnet, and a thick veil, and went out. The gas-lamps were heing light in the misty twilight. Notwithstanding the heavy rains that had recently fallen, the atmo sphere was cold and raw; occasionally the yellow light from the lamps sparkled on the frosty pavements; she vaguely knew the roads would he slippery outside, the town, whither she was going. It seemed strange to her to look at the people who were passing—silent, content, occupied only in thinking of the present moment, of the cold, of the hour, or the condition of the crossing. They were few in number; the streets were more deserted than on a Sunday-; over the closed shops she saw the windows lit up—there, doubt less, were gatherings of friends, doubtless having a chat and a laugh together before the festivities of the evening began. She walked on—scarcely knowing what to think of all the world around her—until she got an omnibus bound for Victoria-station; and that she entered, finding herself the only passenger. It was otherwise at the station; for here there were a good many people, mostly young men in evening dress, who were ob viously going out to parties in the suburbs. They were in groups—laughing and jesting. She sat in a comer of the dimly-lit waiting room until it was time for the train to start. There were two or three friends, bound for the same house, in the carriage with her. They were joking merrily. They were young Germans, and a trifle bois terous; but she forgave the boys their high spirits—was it not Christmas-time ? As she drew near Denmark Hill station, her heart began to beat more rapidly. She recognised the voice of the porter calling out as the train stopped; she hurried by him—scarcely looking at the wreaths of evergreens hung all around—for she was afraid he might re member her. It was the first Christmas she had omitted to pay a half-crown toll for these pleasant decorations. Up here the air was keener and clearer; a star or two were faintly visible in the grey overhead; the pavements sparkled with the frost; a great silence lay over the black trees in the gardens. Ana through these trees and bushes she caught glimpses of glowing windows; here and there a blind lifted or a curtain pushed aside showed her brilliant rooms, and green deco rations, and figures—doubtless those of chil dren—dancing; and she heard the sounds of merry music. One large gate stood open; she went in a step or two, and stood by the laurel bushes. Was not this "Sir Roger de Coverley?" There were screams of laughter, and children's voices; through the white curtains she could see that pic ture] of joyoushess within. When she toned away, there were tears running down her face. It was her last look at an English Christmas. At length she got into the grove; and it was with slow steps, and with a great fear in her heart, that she drew near the house she had been wont to approach with glad ness and confidence. She looked all rCund; there was not a human being visible in the thoroughfare. She ventured to go up as far as the house—on the other side of the road—and stood for a second or two looking at it. What she saw was plain enough— the peaked roofs, the diamond- paned win dows, the curiousjlittle verandah, and the lamp swinging over the door, under the porch; what she experienced then of the wild anguish of farewell no human being will ever know. She pictured to herself the group within, in the small dining-room—the sick man, lying on his couch, pretending to be brave and strong, so as to help along the simple festivities, perhaps raising a glass into his lean hand and calling on them to drink a glass to their absent friends. She would not be included even in [that. But surely they would think of her on this night of all nights in the year, and they would think not unkindly of her for the sake of old times She could not bear this desperate sobbing; it was like to break her heart. And yet it was hard to tear herself away. There was but a short distance now between her and all that she loved upon earth; soon the great Atlantic would be between them. "Good-by—good-by!" her heart said to them, in its yearning love and agony. "If you knew I was so near, yon would come tome—you would ask me to go in—I should not be a stranger. . . "Perhaps there is an angel watching over that home, to bring peace to it, and gladness. He knows why I go away. O my dearest friends, good-by — good-by for the last time!" She walked away, her head bent down, her breast heaving with its sobs. She went by those brilliantly-lit windows, whence the sound of music issued, like some mute ghost of misery. She did not walk far, however; for she had not accomplished the chief part of her mission. After a time, when she had quieted herself somewhat, she beganjto look around for some one who would become her messenger; but it was some time before she saw a single human being, the thorough fares were so deserted. At last, however, she heard a small boy approach whistling. She asked him if he would take the basket she held in her hand, with a note, and leave them at a certain door. He looked curiously at her. She said she would give him a shilling, and he at once consented. So she walked back with him to the Grove, en trusted him with the flowers and the folded piece of paper, and, then hurjied away in the gloom. James Drummond was lying on tlie sofa in tip drawing-room, propped up by the cushion, and Amy was at the piano, playing to him. His sister entered the room, carry ing something, and said— "What a strange thing! Here is a basket of flowers for you, James—and this bit of paper, which was handed in with them—" Her face was quite-bright. She thought it was a kindly action. She handed him the note, which he opened. The next moment she was startled by a' quick cry. She turned at once-, and to. her horror'saw her brother apparently*mating a fierce attempt to rise from the couch, while his face was wild and white. "What is it, James ?" " Sarah, Sarah !" he cried, holding out the paper with a shaking hand, "she is alive! I tell you that Violet is alive! I know—I know—only herself would think of this—it is a message from soul to soul! —Violet " He sank back, speechless and exhausted, " Yes, James," said his sister, soothingly. She was dreadfully alarmed by this wild scene; and she jumped to the conclusion that he had lapsed again into delirium. " Perhaps they are from Violet—you must be still now " "Woman, woman!" he cried, with still another frantic effort to rise, " don't stand there! Send after her! Send after the messenger! Who brought them ?" " A boy," replied Mrs. Warrener, tho roughly bewildered, for her brother did not appear to be delirious, though he spoke these incoherent words. "Send after him—quick, quick! Ask him where he got the flowers—and the message " She ran at once out into the night. If this were madness, it would soothe him to know she had obeyed him. Or was there some wild possibility—some subtle sense in his over-excited brain ? Well, she had not far to go; for there was the boy, under the gas-lamp, examining the shilling, and biting it with his teeth, to prove that his good luck was not a de lusion. " Boy/' slie said hurriedly, " you brought the flowers to our door ?" "Yes, ma'am/' he said, suddenly plung ing the shilling into his pocket. " Who gave you them P Where did you get them ?" "The lady gave me them—I met her round the comer " " What was she like ? A young lady ?" a Yes." "And tall?" " Yes, and she wore a thick veil; and I think she was crying." Mrs. Warrener began to tremble in every limb. . " Which way did she go ?? " That way." He pointed away down the dusky thoroughfare, which was now silent and empty. Mrs. Warrener went back to the house. Her steps were not very firm; and her face, as she entered the room, was as white as that of her brother, who stared at her with eager, excited eyes. " Oh, James—is it possible ? The boy— the boy says it was a young lady who gave him the flowers—a tall young lady—she was veiled—and he thought she was crying " The sick man sank back on the cushion. " Violet is alive and in London, Sarah," he said faintly. "You must find her. . . . . . Alive! i . . , Our Violet here a few minutes ago !...." And then he murmured to himself, as he turned his head away from the glare of the light, "Oh, Madcap, Madcap, what have you done!" 