LIEUTENANT BOYLE's DUEL. Many years ago I was spending the summer at a fine old mansion in New Jersey full of historical souvenirs, for it had once been the head-quarters of General Washing- About the time of which I am writing the estate was in litigation, and some circum- locutory delay of the law rendered it necessary or convenient to rent the mansion for a while as a summer boarding house, with all the beautiful old carved furniture and other belongings. Even the valuable paintings were left on the walls of the drawing room, and a picture gallery remained intact, doing unwonted service as dining and dancing hall for intruding Goths and Vandals. A belt of grand old trees described a semi-circle on the lawn just in front of the house. Beneath each tree was a marble statue the size of life. They represented the nine Muses; Isis the Goddess of Immortality, Jupiter Pluvius, the deity of the watering pot, and other heathen worthies. Their sculptors were certainly neither Canova, nor Hiram Powers, nor yet that audacious but exceedingly pretty Vinnie Ream, who has rendered hersclf immortal by cutting our grand martyred President, Still, seen at the proper "enchanted" distance, and bathed in soft, sweet moonlight, Canova's " Venus," the " Greek Slave," or he who prayed for "charity for all," could not have awakened more pleasing emotions. But alas I our joy was not forever in these things of distant enchantment and moon- light beauty. The mansion had not been opened two weeks when those small but terrible bandits in jackets and knickerbock- ers, the dear atrocious little sons and seamps of the different families, cherubs who had left their wings in heaven-those dear little boys, I say, all rushed in a body to their respective mammas, and clamored for money. Getting it, of course, they all rushed in a body to " the store," and, with a busi- nesslike vigor worthy of a better cause, demanded bows and arrows. Then enrolling themselves into an independent target company, they diligently practiced shooting at the statues, until the noses of the Muses, were triumphantly shot away. Naturally enough, after this performance the heathen deities were removed in a blast of indignation by their raging proprietor; the small christians-or "little demons," as he called them-joyfully assisting, cavorting wildly around each " stone boy and girl," as their foundations were dug up, clapping their dirty little hands, blowing their discordant little trumpets, beating their horrible little drums, galloping in front of the horses as they went with their burdens out of the great gates, squealing like a cat with a bone in his throat, and otherwise disporting themselves in honor of the ghostly recession, after the utterly inexhaustible and intolerable manner of small boys. The late Com. Kearney, the bluff and brave, lived in a picturesque cottage adjoining the grounds of the " Brighton House," as it was and is now called. His presence attracted to the place other officers of the army and navy. Among them were Capt. (now Admiral) Porter, Capt. (now Vice.Admiral) Rowan, the late brave and honored Capt. Hartstein, and a num- ber of army officers with their families. You may believe that the presence of so many brave and gallant men made carnival the whole of the time for those hero worshippers, the fair women and lovely girls who were gypsyiug there for the summer. Such devoted knights as they were ! Riding, boating, fishing, swimming, dancing; military drills with canes and broomsticks for the children, inpromptu operas and plays for the other children. We were all children in those halcyon days-as witness our playing at man's buff. But this was when the " little pitchers' were abed and asleep, for, with their murdering candor and innocence, they would have betrayed us' to the entire community, whoseo ancestral traditions and personal dignity had developed in it already a horror of such high jinks as had come under its notice. But-bless these high-toned susceptibilities, we would have been a bright and shining light unto them, for we had no quarrels, not oven the green ghost of a jealousy. A divine mantle of charity rested upon us the live long summer; it was just one brilliant, delicious midsummer dream. To half.a.dozen of us older women was vouchsafed the keenest enjoyment of all. This was to be permitted to sit under the wide-spreading trees with the officers, in the purple and golden glory of the sunsets, and listen to their racy, characteristic stories. We all told a white-brown fib the very first thing, vowing that we delighted in tobacco smoke, in order to put them completely at ease. It was very easy to do it, for they never stopped smoking after that. One night they had been telling side splitting stories about Magruder, who lisped, and "Beauty," who was also a Commodore, when Capt Rowan said: "By-the- way, Porter, what became of old Boyle? I have completely lost sight of him." "Well, the last time I saw him," answered the Captain, smoothing down the great silky brown moustache, "I was his second in a duel." As he spoke, his dark bright eyes flashed with some droll recollection, and his well.shaped lips parted in a broad smile. Certain that the strain of amusement in the mellow voice and the tell-tale face betokened a duel without a tragedy, we women clamored for the story. "I had gone," said Captain Porter, at once, "with half-a dozen other fellows, all naval officers, to spend a week at Shrewsbury-a little half- pony town in Jersey here; and one evening -as we were sitting in the bar-room of the tavern, smoking, telling anecdotes, and talking between whiles with the natives, who should come sauntering in bat old Boyle. "Any room for me?" he asked. "Why, yes; come in," we all cried; and we were soon telling him the news-Boyle in turn relating his adventures, perhaps roman cing a little, and at last ending with-" "Well anybody here worth knowing" "Yes," I answered ,"there is one Jersey giant. Two feet two in his stockings, and the greatest bully on record." " Ahl what's his name?" "That's the best of it. His name is George Washington Kosciusko Peter Bona. parte Solomon Job Slimcum." "Phoebue! what a name" exclaimed Boyle, bursting out laughing. "What is the gentleman's profession"' "He spends his time cultivating a bean patch, threatening the poor villagers and browbeating the women and children." "Does-does he? Well, he's the very boy for me. I wish lie would come in. I'd like to have a little talk with him." "Why, my dear fellow," said I "he'd make three of you. Fact is, we all keep to the windward side of him-no use getting shot for such a landlubber." At this a lanky party with a portentous nose, who had been listening to every word, remarked, through his nose ; " W'al, I s'pose you naval men think yourself thunderin' brave, but I kin tell you our Carnel could fight all on you to onst, with his right han' tied behind him. You naval men needn't think you're gain' to 'nepolize all the brass and bluster." "Boyle's ears pricked up at this, for, as you know, Rowan, he is a regular old sea lion, afraid of nothing, from a powder monkey to a sea-serpenlt at sea, and a mouse to an elephant on shore, So he bounced round on our nasal friend, and snapped out at him, like a luginacious bull.terrier." "What's that ? Want to try our brass and bluster ! Where's your big gun? Trot him out. I'd like to see him." " Wahl, there he is," said the man, with a sort of snort of triumph; and, sure enough, in swaggered the round-shouldered, putty faced giant. He had tufts of dry grass for beard, a large, flabby, pusillanimous nose, small, oblique eyes, and two hay colored dabs of hair, one on each temple, known to scientific explorers of the New York Bowery as " soap locks." He was eating pea nuts or pop corn as he entered; and, jerking a t chair round, he threw himself into it with a contemptuos nod to the company, and ordered a glass of toddy hot, In a voice of thunder. Little Boyle sat quiet, watchful,observing, a curions smile curving his good-humored mouth ; while the other, half shutting his eyee, with an air of lofty disdain, slowly sipped the hot toddy. " Oh, pshaw I" sneered our nasal friend, in I a whisper to Boyle, " you daren't tackle him. He'd make you look womblescroft in a jiffy But Boyle, seeming not to hear this imper- tinence, tar.. ed to us saying, with a lazy air, " I'm going to seee if there is any grit in him ;" and, approaching the chair upon of a table onar, and said, pleasantly, "Good t evening, sir." I " Who are you, air?" returned the other, with a viperish look out of hie slant eyes. "laImagentleman, and my name is Junlus Brutus Boyle." " And my name is George Washingtoni Kosoliusko Peter Bonaparte Solomon Job i 1imeum, and you'd botter mind what you're about," "I will, thank yon. 'I understand that you are pretty considerable of a follow.' "Sir, you air a rauther free an' easy sort of cuss ; ruther tos forrard." \- " Yes, oh, yes. I might be as stiff as the North Pole, or as distant as two-mile stones; but then, you know, the other is my way." "Wa'al, sir, I don't like your way." "No? how queer I Well, I won't be dis obliging, and I give you permission to lamp it then." " Sir, iou ail-you air spssy, You'd better curb them proponsltudes of yourn." "Jest so. You have, a propensitude, I understand, to consider yourself a great man I" "'Sir, you air imperdent-" "Take care, sir I" shouted Boyle. "I won't stand any insult." "Sho I What'll you do1" "Do ? I'll fight you ; I'll blow you to the other end of nowhere." " Ho I hot Kin you fight 1" sneered the giant, now on his' feet, rocking back and forth, his gaunt bony hands opening and shutting as if they wore in contact with an electric battery. " Ha I he I you d better be careful, you had. I kin cut a cent in half, I kin." " Ha I ho I" laughed Boyle, Imitating the bully. " I'm sufferin terrible to see you dolt. I'd ruther have a shot than a sugar.plum from such a firo.eater as you." " Wa'al sir, I've got a material tack for firearms ; I kin fight with anythin' from a cambric needle to a 42-pounder ;" and he thumped the table, upsetting the glaesses and glared down on Boyle, sure that he had "fustrated him, I bet, and no mistake nuther," as our nasal friend observed under his breath.' linut he lost his bet, for, bold as Mars or ,Baron Munchausen, Boyle Immediately ox claimed " Jingo I you don't say I I thought you had about as much real courage as one could put ina homampathic pill. Come out now, my fine cock.of-thn-walk, and give us a touch of your quality ?" " Wa'al ? Lawful Fakes 1" ejaculated the Colonel; " you can't fight at night I What a hyastical idea." " Oh, Yes, you can.Nonsense I I'llmanage it. We'll take two lanterns, and stand back to back, then each walkaway twenty paces, wheel round, and fire." " Darned if Ido I Ain't a.goln' to be ding. donged intostani'in up liken consumed fool in a dark night. You jess wait till to-morrer." "Or the flfty.third week of this year. No sir," thundered Bayle, stam ping his foot which, iikeMother Carey'sclickeons, was thesureprou cursor of a storm, " no, sir I You shall figh now. I should never have taken tht slightest notice of you if I had not boon told of your cowardly bullying of women and little children. ,Don't stand mooning there I In one minute more I shall box your large ears, and then flap you over the head with this horsewhip ;" and he seizsd one standing in the corner. The world did not appear to go upon double jointeu casters just then with George Washington Kosciusko, and the rest. His little angry eyes went blinking around the room, he teetored up and down on his heels and toes, he moistened his dry lips with his. tongue, and hise hands worke4 more nervously than, over, as he detected a look of scornful, half. surprised derision vn the facesofsomo of the Jeroymei. B13ut a glanceb at hi challenger's determined visage showed him that there was no deliverance to be hoped for, andhe shuffled outof the room, followed by Boyle and the rest of us, who d!d not mean to lose sight of him. Wo obtained two old muskets, and well. knowing thbator man would take sure aim and fire, whatever the other did, we loaded them only with powder, communicating this little rus u to uone, for Boyle would have fought us all in turn if he had discovered it. Out we went into tig_~lark _an.ldlnely ro6d. -IToi?[emn silence we placed the com batants back to back, George Washington, etc., heaving ponderous, frightened signs enough to have driven a sloop from its moorings. We gave them each a lighted lantern and with emphatic one, two, three I they started on their twenty paces; We all counted, and at the twentieth loudly called, "stop I" Boyle wheeled round, as we could just discern by the dim light of his lantern, but Oeorge Washington Koesciusko Peter Bonaparte Solomon Job Srlimn..-. i-utt on wvalkIag. " Halloo I" cried Boyle, " haven't you get twenty paces yet ?" No answer; but the walking, as we could see by the swinging of the lantern, had turned into prodigious strides. The next moment the light was extinguished. " Ialloo I" shouted Boyle again. " Stop, you villain-stop I Ynh I whirro I You scoundrell you miserable landlub---" Bang went his gun, and we all made a simultaneous rush down the road ; but, " like a snowflake in the river," George Washington, etc., had " evanished" ; and from that day to this he was never more seen in Showa. bury. The story was told amid shouts and sareams of laughter from the officers and us women, and if that fire.eater, little Boyle, ever sees the acconnt of his duel here, I know that he and Admiral Porter will forgive me for telling it again. 