THE TOMB OF AGAMEMNON. Dr. Schliemann, writing under date Mycer, 25th November, gives the following account of some of the jewellery and precious articles found in the tomb of Agamemnon:--- As the different jewels were distributed nearly in equal proportions among the three ladies, I think it superfluous to state here the object found with each of them, and will give only a register of what is collected on the three bodies conjointly:— Twelve -»lA«n crowmiiett'colflenraT^emsVjn two of wbteViBiBt||l reBerred^Mfc of the skull; one ^g nHc gb)ileh crown, S it. 1 in. long ail Il4n.1-road, with thirty' 1 »rge leaves ; 250 round geld leaves ; two large splendidly^ ornamented golden golden sobletr Jtli*ee Wall * Splendidly ornamented golden' wsseVj two large ?plendidly Ornamented, golden breast ornaments, in form of wreaths or gar lands ; two flat pieces of gold, repre senting bouses with towers, on each ot which a pigeon is sitting |«r golden, butterflies, for suspension; wven,fls» pieces of gold,- representing two lions Itandrag an their hind Io2« opposite each Other j two flat pieces of gold representiag two swans standing opposite each other ; one woman of gold, holding three pigeons; one woman of gold, holding one pigeon; two women of gold, with long gowns;, four lions of gold r one crossrof gold ; ten golden earrings, with pendants ; sit golden earrings, without pendants ; one oar- pendart of a precious red stone, on which are incised two warriors fighting together; twelve plain ear pendants; fhrao n«rfnrated nuadraogular pieees of gold, which evidently belonged to a neck face—the one shows Hercules killing the Nemaon lion, the second represents merely a lion, and the third shows two warriors fighting together with lances (though in -a very archaic style, all these engravings are of masterly execu tion) ; one perforated preeipus red stone, with an incision representing a stag turning his head ; one Jon* necklace of amber ; ten flat pieces of gold, repre senting scarahees, which are, however, altogether different from those in ancient E'ypt; seven email golden wheels -with four spokes, whieh form a cross; nine flat pieces of gold, representing poppies ; six large and ^very curious golden orna ments, almost in form of earrings, which have probably served to hold to*, gether hairlocks or tresses ; sixteen most carious golden pieces of a necklace, eat In of which is composed of a one-inch long tube, on either side of whieh are three or four small disk, each of these composed «f twolvfl circles of filigrane work ; one enormous golden breast-pin, representing a woman stretching out her arm to the right and leit. on her bead is a large crown, with threeTflowers : two seep ires of silver, with handles formed by beauti ful balls of rock crystal ; one silver vase ; four large kettles bronze; four bronze boxes ; each 9 ra. long, 6£ iB. broad, and open on one ot the two small sides. Ail these boxes had been fi led with wood, which had become charred on the funeral pile, and had been fastened in the boxes with long bronae nails, which now still exist. It is impossible to explain the existence in the tomb of these curious boxes filled with wood. Was it, perhaps, candal-woed to perfume Ihe tomb while the funeral pile was burning ? But, if so, why put it into the boxes and fasten it with nails? There was found in this tomb some hand made pottery, with beautiful painted ornaments. I will here only mention a can with one handle, which shows, on a light yellow dead ground, six leavei and eigbt circles painted with dark-red color. It would be altogether a vain attempt on my part to try to convey to the reader only a faint idea of the splendid ornamentation of all the atove jewels of gold. Nowhere can I discover a space as large as a quarter of an inch which is not orna mented. There are a thousand different Sorts of spiral or circular ornamentation Tkb Population of The 'Wobi© — IProm statistics annually prepared by Brs. Bahm and Wagner, and published by Perthes, it appears that the world's pop ulation in 1870 may be taken at 1,423,917,000, of whom nearly one-fifth, ?p 309,178 000, reside in Europe, and probably 400,000 000, or less than one third, belong to the European civilization. Four-Beventha of the world's people, or 824.000,000, reeide in Asia, and half of these are Chinese. The population of America, natives included, in both divisions of the Continent, is only 85,000,000, of whom we imagine about half are pnre-blooded European descent. The population of Africa, arrived at, of course, by more or less careful guessing is set down at 199,900,000, of whom scarcely 1 per cent, can be fairly set down as civilized men, and little more than 10 percent, a* semi-civilized. The Turkish Empire is . estimated at 46,000,000, j including 20,660,000, in Egypt and it* dependencies, with Tunis and Tripoli; but the population in Europe is only 7,000,000, ana in ABia, 13,500,000. Halt the European population of Turkey ait least is Bulgarian, and ff we add the Greeks and Slavs, we shall find that the dominant ease does not exceed one-fourth of the whole, to whom the other three ^P— ?» — I 1^ x ALA O«l A*nnA£l*Y A New Px^B-ExTErGtrrsHEE.— ? Tiia's of Mr. W. Dennis's sell- acting patent pneumatic portable fire-engines have recently been made on the site of the old gasworks facing the Thames Embankment The advantages claimed for this engine are that it can be carried easily on the back and therefrom put into action, that no chemicals are used, but pnro water and compressed air only, and that no cost is incurred in charging, it... The machine is of the tiiual shape of the er tincteur, fitted at the bask with an air pn»p, by a few irtrdwn of 'which *»«- »equentty trithlM^fiiid-aWe^^nta^ of water. . . Within., easy reacb^ of the light % the hose, from'jhich * $efc «™»h nropelliBdby touching aJiandle totta )iihe left hmiid, the %ater ^eirig propelled At 100 lbs. to fhe square inch. ; If the machine is placed beside a tank of wateri and the charging hose placed, therein, a. constant stream of Wktfer fean ; be poured upon any given ptiject^b grjat: force There were a large number of persons pr«sent: at tfie 4mlsi which 'wer^ super* intendeji by Mr,. -Benin* himsel£: -Two large constructions': tf wi*a, ^-yered all over wi& tar^ani naphtha, w^e respect. 3ve1y ltot d *J-a extinguished, in a Tery short time by the engine, i Subsequently j. largest hill of tar and naphtha, was lighted, which gare a jrooa idea of the value of; ie Engine ?^ ^^ vSlt 12,orl5teethig».: A lady, with a small machine on her back, extanguwhed the firein less than 10 secondly simply touchingthe handle to the left previously mentioned. The trials wer ^e highly sue-, cessfnl,aDdwehaTeiio doubt but that 'his new protector against the ravage* of fire Will become very popular and find its ;„*„ fWories. workshops, and the resides oftfie country gentry .m particular As prevention is better than eare, and the price of this: extinguisher is »°*-rate, every hopsehpld,8hpuld be provided with this Shandy little engine which affords the ready means of putting out any put break of fire. W Scotchmen Holding High Offices nr ENGtAiTD.-Considering that Scotchmen are to other inhabitant of the Bnhsh Isles in the proportion of one to ten it is astonishing to seu «u»u» -«.----. —---»- offices they hold and have heU. Thus during the last 120 vearathe post of Lor( Chief Justice of England has been .filled^ by seven lawyers of eminence, of whom four have been Scotchmen by birth or descent— Matwfield, EUenborongh^ Camp bell and Sir Alexander Cockbum : men who need fear no comparison with T£enyon, Tenterden, and Benmam. JMo Eaglishman, one fancies has ever har the ? chance of becoming Lord Justice General of Scotbnd. Within the present century again, four Scotchmen have held the Great Seal-4wo of them, Erskine and Brouahatn, having had the rare distinction of winning renown both as statesmen and jurists. The first minister of the Church of England, and the first subject in the re*lm- is a Sco heman. Finally, shou'd we have the misf-Ttuneto he involved in war within th? next, few months, it is generally andpratood that the first important' command -would be bestowed on a Scotchman of that famous House whofte motto is 'Ready aye, re jdy. Geogbaphicai. Discoteeies op a QtrAETBB op a Cewtwht.— Withm . a quarrer of a eenfury, all the prmcipal feamres of the geographv of our own vast interior regions have been accurately dfltermraed ; the great fields of Central Asia have been traversed in various direc tions, from Bokhara and the Oxaa to the Chinese wall -, the half known river sys tems of Soutfc America have been ex plored and surveyed : the icy continent around the *onthen* P«le bas been dis. covered ; the Korth Western Pa-sage, the ignis fatuu* of nearly two centuries, is at last *ound ; the Dead Sea is stripped of its fabulous terrors ; the course of the Niger is no longer a myth, and the sub lime secret of the Nile is almost wrested from its keeping The Mountains of the Moon, sought for throujrh 2,000 years, k.«a tram Kdiald hv a Caucasian eye An English steamer has ascend the Chudda to the frontiers of the great kingdom of Birnon. IJ^ichardt, Sturt, Stuart, Mc&ralay;, have penetrated the wilderness of Australia ; the Eussians have descended from Iikoutsk to the mouth of the Amoor; the antiquated walls of Chinese prejudice have been cracked and are fast tumbling down; and the canvass screens which surround Japan have n^en cut by the sharp edged American enterprise, Fncn are the principal results of modern exploraiion. What quarter of a century, since the form of the earth and the boundaries, of its land an* water were known, can exhibit such a list of achievements ?— New York Tribune. HlGHLJtlTD JLND TKEBff SuPEBSTXTIOWS AKB THE StrPEHKATTTBAI.. — Most great families in the Highlands were supposed to have a tutelar, or rather a domestic spirit, attached to them ; who took an interest in their prosperity, and inti mately its waitings and approaching dis aster. That of Grant of. Grant was called May Moullach, and appeared m the. form -of a girl who had her arm covered with hair, Grant of Uothemurcua had an attendant called Bodach-an- don,: or the Ghost of the Hill; and many other examples might be mentioned. The Ben-Shie, or Ben ,Schichian; implies the head or Chief of the Fairies, whose lamentations were often supposed to pre cede the death of a ehieftan of particu lar families. When she is trisible, it is t*e form of an old woman, with a b!ne mantle and streaming 'hair. A. super s ition of the same Hoi .-lay I. .believe, . universallv received by the Inferior ranks of the native Irish, Th© death of the head of a highland family is also some times Proposed to b© announced by a ohnin of lights of different «olors; called direction which it strikes narks the place of the fjuneral. ?« Sounds too had come in toJA^At V»s* Of cha»ii»«t.fifee-88 cai»eldnfirJMl. . A long Beakartow'8 stang hf '^^-a- Where mortal horsemanao'f jrJi^ktna^ A presage Vf the Mod :dJ«a«d * t» S* still believed to announce - $efl*k *o tW. ancient highland family «f Itctiea*. ?« Lochburry: :The spirit Af am iaM»st0*i slain in battle is heard To gallop along A stormy bank, and then to aide ihrlce j around the family residence ringing ins j fairy bridle, and ?thus asnottnee tfie *p-l proaoTang calanuty. ^_ B&J;&g;&M1;***} ae wefi -'Ifl^e'eari Tnay^ie^leceived npon - such occasions i* evident from the stories of armies in the air, and other spectral ^enomenKHltihjilds^r hgrtory ^aboands. Jtfch an apparjtion.^aJi^teJPd to. have been .^iWeBsgd^ j^pn^he BJSe?f &°« J^* iell mountain, betwee'niBerwith and Kes wick,^uponTithB ,%&£ °f -*!»-?»» J1-74*' *%, two persons,J Willfafei I^nncasteir J: of -Blakebills; and ©aniel ^tritket, his; ;ser^ yant, whose a^eption to the lact, witl»;a lull account .orlbe §pj?a-^^. ^^T ?U% 'July, 187& U printed in Clarke s Survey of the lalfiesl: 37he apparition consist of several troops, of horse, moving in regular order, with a steady »pid moHon, making * curved sweep ^around the fell, a^ia ^emingto the spectatorsTto disappear overjibejidge^f the monma^ Many persons ^messed this phenome non f ai4v^3^B»e last, or the last butoneoftheBupposeatroop* occasionally leave his -rank, ,and paaB at a gallop to the front, when- he r«suined the same steady pace. This curious appearance, making the necessary allowance for imagination^ may perhaps be anfficiently accounted for by optieal deception purvey of the Lakes]-rS?P?rnattiral m' fimations of annroaching fate are not eonfinsd to Highland families. Howel meniions haviug seen at a lapidary's, m 1732, a monumental stone, prepaired for four persons of the name of Oxeham. be fore the death of each of whom, the in scription stated, a white bird to have ap neared and fluttered around the b-d, while the patient was in th« last agony. Familiar letter 1726,-Q-anvil le m^n tionB one family, the members ot which received this solemn sign by mus.c. the sound of wttch floated trom me lamuv residence, and seemed to die in a neigh. Wcg wood; another that of Captain Wood, of Bampton, to whom the signal was given by knocking. But the most remarkable instance of this kind occurs in the M S. Memoirs of Lady Fmsham so remarkable for her conjugal affection Her husband, Sir Richard, and she chanced, during their abode m Ireland, to visit* a friend, the head of a depart ment, who resided in a baronial castle surrounded by a moat. At B«dm-ht 8he was awakened fry a ghastly, and supernatural scream, and looking out o bed, beheld by the moonlightr a female face, and part of the form hovering af t.-e window. The distance from the ground, as well as the circumstances of the moat, excluded the possibility that which she beheld was of this world. TneJ»ce *as that of a young and rather handsome woman, hut pale, and the hair w^c was reddish, loose and dishevelled- Th.-. dress, which Lady Faushams terror di not prevent uer rem«^, »w«-«-— j, was that of the ancient Irish Tins ap parition continued to exhibit jtself for some time, and the» vanished wjth two shrieksVfiimitar to those which had firs excited Lady Fausham's attention. In the morning, with infinite te-ror, s'.e communicated to her ho»t what sh« had witnessed, and found him prepared not only to credit, but to account for the ap parition. ' A near relation of my family, said he, expired last night in this cas te We disguised our certain expecta tion of the event from you, lest it should throw a cloud over the cheerful reeepti n whieh was your doe. Now, before such an event happens in this family and cas tie, the female spectre whom you have seen always is visible. She is believed to be the spirit of a woman of inferior rank, whom one of my ancestors degraded him self by marrying, and whom afterwards, to expiate the dishonor done to his family be caused to be drowned in the moat.— Sir Walter Scott—(Lady of the Lake.' ) Warlike Young Ladies.— -Sally-port and Em-brasure. A Standing Engagement.— Popping the question over the front gate. Abroad and at Home. — A shop front m the Strand has this inscription ia gilt letters— ' The Only Manufactory of Foreign Liquers in England.' Scientific Fact.— There is no reason why the earth's inhabitants should always look grave, but it would disarrange things terribly if the earth herself were to lose her gravity. . 'Ou Ay.'— A stranper, passing along a road in the south of Scotland, was sur prised at the perfect solitude in which he found himself- Coming to a poor man who was breaking stones by the wayside, he asked him if the road was well frequent ed ^Ou ay.' said the man,' its no that ill; a cadger gaed by yesterday, and there « youreei «'».,,._ ^ Californian . Advertising.— It is a sng ^Htive Right, in wandering through a Kentucky town, to aeette number of emp^ ty whisky kegs there are piled up in front of the village newspaper office. If they were oftener filled with the genuine, unmistakable 'Cutter,' cuch « A. P. Hotaling, 431 Jackson-street, sells, there would be more pith in Kentucky editorials —San Francisco News Letter. His Half.— Horace Greely used' to tell this story : He sent a claim for collection to a Western lawyer, and regarding it as rather a desperate demand, told the attorney if he collected it he might reserve half the amount for his fee. In due time I Me Greeley received the following laconic j epistle ^— 'Dear Sir,— I have «n3eeeded I.r 'it .' ? _1..1f *t that Jtinltn Thft mcoiiectiDK mj u»«i *»*? ?»??«- ««»??—? — — balance is hopeless.** Hirf» Time.— A husband, having ar rayed, himself elaborately with gaitera, game-bag, «nd gan, accompanied by his faithful dog, goes forth to- aunt, but shoots nothing. Impossible to ^wfcurn home empty-Kanded td the house, lie stops at thfe market, and biff 8 a hare, which he prefionted to his wife. The hare was terribly high— not alone in price. 'Ah! ' flaidhie wife, with fr«nuT,affo y.ou kHled |t.~Tonwerexight. It was high time/1 fl^ Bothottght Himpelf.— A farmer en tered a JDetrosfc restaurant with his hat Sa th» bopk o^ijjj head and a joyful l©ok inTfelrejes..- Flingingjijfl hat; on the ^oor, : he exclaimed, 'whoop I Sold my wo:)l and now I want a tip-top dinner !' He was invi ed to sit down At » taWephanded a bull of fare, and asked to name his dishes. 'I trant Sicken, turkey, oysters, quail snipe^ pie, cake, roup. wine,— brine; on the .best you've got in the shanty i' he observed, as he probed the bill- away. The. ^waiter hurried : out, and the farnier produced Bier waQet and counted l»is moneys. His faee grew, serioos after a few moments, and he began to- reatise that luxuries cost money, and in' another thiuute he pounded upon; the table, and called ou?, 'i want to see that waiter ! ' The -waiter entered, and the farmer con tinued — aYou hoid on a little. You mav sera' eh. out that other order, and bring me in so«ne meat 'tafcers and 'bread. Tve Bold -my wool as I said before ; bat I just happened to think ithat the corn crop may bust on me — and wheye'd qpajj on toast be then. So bring. *i»ng $he meat and 'taters.' . Ji''vr 