Notes of a Vacation Tour in New Zealand Though sluggards deem It but a f oollah chase. And marvelmen should quit tb«lr easy chair, Tbe tsVsome way, and long, long league to brace, Oal there is sweetness in the mountain air. And life, that bloated ease can never hope to sham. TObixwotoh is pleasantly situated by tke 'share of tbe aouading sea.' built in ? somewhat similar way, and reminding us of Ventnor, in the Isle of Wight, on account of the high enoircling range of hills at the tack of the town, and rising abruptly elose to the share, the debrit forming a kind of 'uudercliff.' on which the town is mainly built. In our opinion Wellington ia far from bting anpiotnteaqae, though much decried by its neighbours, whose envy, perhaps, its rapid rise to pros perity has excited. Its central position on Cook's Strait wonld of itoelf give it importance, to which the transfer of the seat of government (a sore grief to the denims of Auckland) nas added. The bouses are mostly sub stantial buildings, though built of wood en account of the shocks of earthquakes, which have given warnings not to be disregarded. Looking southward, the hills on the opposite side of the Straits may be Been, and tbe various drives into the surrounding country are singu larly varied in their beauty, and ia this respect Wel lington has no rival among the cities of New Zealand. We left Wellington for the port of Lyttleton, taking our paesag' in one of the fine new boats whioh perform the coastal service of New Zealand with such regularity and despatoh. We started at noon, and pasiing rapidly along the south-east ooast, towards evening arrived opposite the mighty peaks of the Kaikoura ranges, which rise in three distinot tiers, running nearly paral lel with the ooast, the farthest off being tbe loftiest, the j serrated aud broken tops being snow clad throughout the year. One of the loftiest and most eonspicoaan , peaks is called the ' Looker-on,' lrom the form of the crowning pinnacle of rock, which resembles a vast soli tary figure looking out cold snl silent on the passers-by o'er the blue Pacific, ' keeping watch all round, and. though inanimate, speaks.' Wo do not heBitate fo say that on a fine cummer's day the oail along the Kaiktrara ranges ib unsurpassed even by that a long ths Maritime Alps and the Mediter ranean ; the rays of the declining eun throwing a mellow reliance over the vast slopes of forest greeD, and tinging tbs distant tops of the rugged pe»k«, strotohing away in endless succession, streaked with snow, And now they change ; a paler shadow strews It's mantle o'er the mountains ; parting day Dies like Uie dolohln. whom each pang imbues With a new colour, as it gasps away. The last still loveliest, tiU-'cU gone-and all Is gray. next morning early we arrived at ijyttieton, wmen exhibits the usual characteristic of the seaport towns of the Middle Island In being surrounded by high hills ; the contour of those facing one entering the harbour bear a rude resemblance to the bumam profile turned j np to the. sky. Ne less than seven Enropean celebrities are aaid to be here perpetuated in a form 'more lasting than marble.' The most striking of these popular fancy has relegated to that national hero who broke the sceptre of Napoleon. There is now communication by rail between the pore and tbe rich plains of Canterbury, (with Otago) forming the granary of New Zealand ; a high hill intervenes, cim; 'fed of the hardest rock, through which a tunnel coaling nearly half a million leads to the plains, on which, a few miles from the port, Ohristchuroh is built; in the number and variety of leafy English trees, clear running streams, and hand some buildings, reminding one of a thriving English country town in the agricultural districts. A. line of rail extending 100 miles to Timaru, and thence the coach and rail, connect Ohristchurch with Dunedin, by land. The. plains for many miles are covered with ' the bearded grain.' 3o rich is the land, and suitable tho climate, that over eighty bushels per acre have been obtained in ther^ provinces, and the average normal yield ie over twenty. From Lyttleton to Fort Chalmers, the chief seaport of Otago, is about fifteen hours' ete&ming; by pea. From ths port a railway runs along tbe shora of the inlet to Dunedin,' the largest and most prosperous town in New Zealand, originally a Scotch colony, as the name indi cates, and owing its pas tion to ths enduring qualities so characteristic of that nation, though the ex clusiveneBS inj which Dunedia wi well as Ohrist cburch were founded has long passed s»way. Is both these cities natural tendencies l-ave prevailed, aud tbe elements are now 'well nixed,' as the old poet sings— Si Baturam f urea expellas, tamenasquf recurret. The streets, and especially the churches, in Donedin will bear comparison with any ia these uolouie'. A wise policy has dictated the reserve of a wide belt circl ing the town, and abounding in the shrubs aud ferns so characteristic of the vegetation of New Zealand. Dunedin possesses a population of over 20,000, atid is by far the most populous and but-j of the New Zea land towns. The estutry a* tho heud of which the town is situated might bede«penedso far »* to admit vessels of large size; several scbemen have been propounded wUhthis object, butare abandoned or deferred, for want of capital. The main body of the town is grouped in a long, narrow, semi- circular bawl (cf which PrinccEs strcet is ths centte), around th»' biy. the bhck-gronnd being formed of lofty grassckd hill', with tbe belt of rpserve before alluded to ; around these hills there are some fine drives, of which that ulong tbe range running towards Port Chalmers aud 'The'Oamp,' the magnificent residence of J. M. Lamack. M.H.B., one of the latelydeoted members ;for Donedm.is the favourite., t $ ' ,- ., . . . (, - lesa tiring, sinee auefa *T «», Journey is done *y nil; tor jrhich reason *e preferreaii, retom iig *y.*h» «onth mad. For comfort alone; it b better to start and. return also J-y Invenargill, at tbe tail gotB within about 8p nUles «* XiBfftoB atthe arath end oT I*keWakatip. . ,/ ', ,, L[\ . . ? J Aiweltkn Donedin we ran throogh muymilMof tbe yellow grain, UntU Toko is reaehed ; then we take osseb, and cultivation JlmintA«i rapidly. We come upon the fertile valley of the Mataura, the richest land perhaps in Otago. Here we are relieved again by the train, and then pass through much fine cultivation to Invereai- gUl, which we reaoh late at night, having started at sevea in the morning. InverearjiU is theonly towain *»? Ishuad which we, left without regret Itwtj8u«aay,ad»y U that city sacrsd to gloomy sieditation, if one might judga from the ' door' Caledonian eoantananota around ; added to which, the water at our hotel, aaid to be the best in tbe place, was simply execrable, being saturated with or ganic matrer, from whiea we suffered ? untold agonies. The province of Southland was formerly included, in Otago, but, inspired by that flame which has consumed so many ' mightier heroes of ? longer date,' the daring spirits of the provinoe threw off ths yoke and obtained lepsratioD, bat were singularly unfortunate in self government. Altar selling millions of acres of tbe best land in the province, in an evil moment they in vested the proceeds in « vast wooden pier extending out into the river, whioh is here very shallow, and fur* ther out a vast succession of mud flats, in the hope of attracting the trade from the port at The Bluff, 20 miles lower down. This ambitions scheme brought as great rain on the contrivers as Cannse did to Hannibal. They expected fleets of ships in the rivet ; but, instead of wharves all alive |with busy labour, one sees Lut streats almost deserted, and the quay sinking fast into ruin. One miserable wherry aloae ventured up athe channel, and paid the penalty due te rashness, being wrecked in the passage. At the time of our visit tbe town was snffeiing much from Uie depression in trade doe to orer-jpeeniation. The chief subjeot of talk at our hotel was the insol vency of an ingenious trader, lately arrived, who, it seems, obeyed to the letter the scriptural injunction, ' Te were strangers, and I took you in!' The railway is completed' to within thirty miles of Kingston, at the eonthem end of Wakfttip, and this is by far the easiest route to the Lakes. After getting into the mail coach, tbe road lies along the valley lead ing up to the lake, between hills which rise into moun tains and grow mote broken and precipitous as we pro ceed, till the scenery becomes; thoroughly Alpine in its character. As we pass into the month, far away, look ing west over the great plain which the Ore ti drains, we eaten a glimpse of the mighty snow-capped range whioh orders the west coast. Farther on, here and there, through openings in tbe valley, some of the lew er giants of the north-west — These silent pinnacles of ancient snow — daids the eye. At length, about sunset we eame sud denly on Wakatip, shining and beautiful, of a clear ness and depth of colour not Biirpassed by Geneva, mistress of lakes, and wedged in by frowning battle ments ef shear rook, shooting up into the sky to a height of 9000 feet, and at the head of the lake skirted by glaciers. The bee Hog cliffs of 'TheFemarkabWare unrivalled for their precipitous grandeur even in Switzerland itself. The lake is sixty mile* long, with an average breadth of about two. Like the Swift lakes, it has every ap pearance of having been cut out, in the long past ages of the glacial period, by the action of a vast glacier, which has left lndabitable proof of Its -existence in a remarkable terminal moraine at Kingston. It would thus seem that the cycle of frost in the northern had its counterpart in tbe southern hemisphere. Like the Swiss lakes toe, Wakatip ia of great depth, all attempts to brttom it having proved unavailing. It lies 1000 feet above the sea, and -s fed by the melting of snows and glaciers, its outiet being by rhe river Eawarau at Qaeenstown, which is vary prettily aitnatad at an angle half way np tbe' lake, to which there la access by a ?mall steamer. Kingston eomists now of bnt two or - three bouses, and is but the ghost of its former self, j owing its decline to the falling off of the gold mining, I forthis is the centre of the famous gold mines of Otago, ! which extend all along the valley of the Olutba. j Queenstown poFsesses come hundreds of inhabitants, ; and one of tbe beat hotels in New Zealand, at which ; guides and horeo can be procured for excursions -othe I mountains and hikes in the vicinity; these lakes are very accessible, and though smaller are not lets beauti ful tbau Wakatip. Amidst the rnin of many once famed fieldB, Queenstown has. survived the gold fever, and is tupported chiefly by the magnificent timber Korean wuiou cover ina meunuun aiopea at dub ue&u; ok the lake, and also by agriculture, for hra, as in Oali i fornia, after the lawless army of miners have vanished ! ' to seek fresh fields,' the peaceful sewer comee, ** and will in following, bless.' As we leave yucennown and pats down the valley of the (Jlntha, for nearly 20) miles tho efforts of these in defatigable workmen to tear the shining metal from the bowels of rhe hard earth are mote and more conspicuous. The river bunks are burrowed and tnrned np in all directions, while along tho mountain side races are cut, extending in one instance, they Bay, for 40 miles. At a few f&veured; localities the miring industry is still carried on with success, but in most it has declined, the oncc-fluBhed race» have dwindled to Stony channels in the sun, the ring of tbe pick and shovel is heard no longer, and of that busy host of stalwart men that spread along the banks of tbe rrishing Clutha, the greater part have doubtless passed ' to where beyond these voices there is peace.' j The rocks in which the gold is found nef m to' be of ' the old Bilurian series, traversed by quartz veins, in ' which the piccious metal is deposited The strata are upheaved, and usually dip at a large angle, the gold in the river drift being derived from the debris of these. Along the Clutha, as in nearly all the river valleys in New Zealand, successive terraces of very level and re gular formation are to ba seen, indicating the former river levels. Before leaving the Olutha, we must not forget to warn the tourist that this road is the dustiest we ever travelled on, and the inns are the most wretched in our experience. It is said that Trollops, when travelling here, was compelled'^ ohoose tbe worst time of tbe year, the cold months, fW his journey ; aud as he wax retiring to rest at one of | these ions, nverheard the Jandlord, who ooenpied the next room, remark to Ms spouse, ' Well, that is Trol lope, i« he? what a d ? 6 fool he must be to come here in the winter time.' With this sage observation the veteran novelist if faid to have agreed. On these goldfields tbe * heathen OEinee'haB planted himself, as elBcwhere, and in some places almoBt dis possessed the original owner. On arrival at Danedin, we took leave of onr good friends there, and secured a passage to Melbourne. Alter incurriog thejusual penalties and paying the for feit, for 'the sea-gods were athirit,' and we had an unusually rough passage. We arrived st our destina tion, feeling as we left New Zealand that 'one more dreum of life waa endej,' but cherishing the memory of much kindness— of images of grandeur and beauty, The wonder-works of GotJand -Nature's hand. The scene was savage, but the scene was new. TbiB made the ceaseless toil of travel sweet. Beat back keen winter's blast, and welcomed Eumawr'a beat. Before concluding the narrative which is the subject of these papers, I have thought it wonld be well, and indeed almost necessary to add some brief notice of that ancient race found in possession of the soil by the great English navigator, who, though not the first to discover New Zealand, was the earliest to draw the attention of hie countrymen to those remarkable islands. Tho honour of first discovery is dne to +hat maritime republic, so prolific of daring seamen and so ?MsKDCUiahed for D»va) enterprise in tbe 17th century. Iu the winter of .1642 the Dutch Tusman first sighted und sailed along the west coast of the North Island, but without landing, and gave the land the ceme it now bears. Ee nis the first that r ver burst Into that silent sea. Tasman had a boifs crew cut off, and rionbtless 'oaten,' by the natives in Masgacre'Bay. Thebostility of the natives may have deterred tbe Dutchman from taking potsefsicin of the country for Holland, and thus rivalling tbe fame 'f the great Bwritamecliscoverer, who just a century and a half before had 'given anew world to O&stiUe; and Leon.' (lore than a century rolled on, eietfae 'pale-faoe with his canoe of ' bunder 'appnared again in the Southern seas, to Boatter light and gloom, and 'bringing those gifts' which had proved so fatal to every nnfky race with which he had come in contact. In 1789, 0 ' ok, who was sent to observe the transit of Venns at Tahiti, after accomplishing his object, and after* voyage o£8B 4aye. ?tUsd the north-east coast of Mew Zealand and landed laBvrtrtj&a.; Uk»M ptedeoflasor, the Bngliea aftJMgs^wnMiiwiitoiWirftegsfiittalows^ajBM. «r^afa^tntMta^M of driver, wMohwa^aere s*out40jir4snroa(J; bat leemg some natives on the west sjoeiwiai wheim I wished to epeak. and finding the river not fordable,! ordered tbe yawl to carry us over and left the pinnace at the entratMC. When we earns near .the place where the pecmle were assembled, they all ran away. However we landed, and leaving some toys to take care i-f the -awl, we walked up to aosae huts whioh ware about 200 or 300 yards from tbe -ater side. When wehadgotaomedisteaoe from the boat, four men armed .with long lanoet rashed out of the woods, and running up to attack the boat, would ces tairjy have cut her off, U the people In the pinnaoe had not discovered them, and called te the boys to dro» down the stream. The boys Jnitamtly^beyed, bnt being elesely pursued, tbe coxswain of ibepisnace, who had charge of the boats, fired a musket over their haada. At t£l» they (topped mad looked wand them, bat in ? few minutes renewed the pursuit, brandishing their lances in a threatening manner. The coxswain thes fired a second musket over their heads, bnt of this they took no notase. and one of them lifting up his spear to dart it at the boat, another piece waa fired, whiehahot him dead. When he fell the other three eteod moOen less,as if petrified with astonishment. As soon as they recovered they went back, dragging tbe dead body, which, however, they soon left, tbat it might not en cumber their flight. . At the report of the musket wa drew together, bavins straeeled to a little distance from each other, and made the best of our way back to the boat, and crossing the river, we soon saw the native lying dead on Uie ground.' Here, also, it will be Hitting to record the impressions' made by Cook's arrival on the natives thsmsslve*, Str. Polach, who had the account from their children in 1836, says :— ' They took the ship at first for a gigantic bird, and were struck with the beauty and size of its wings, as they supposed the sails to be. But on seeing a smaller bird, unfledged, descending into the water, md a number of parti- coloured beings apparently in human shape, the bird was regarded as a houseful of divinities. Nothing oould exceed their astonishment. The sudden death of their chief (it proved to be their great fighting general) was regardtd as a thunderbolt of that e new gods, and the noise made by the muskets was represented as thunder. To revenge themselves was the dearest wish of their tribe, but bow to accom plish it with divinities who oould kill them at a dis tance, was difficult to determine. Many of them ob served that they felt themselves ill by being only looked upon by these atuat (gods), and it was therefore agreed, as the new-comers could bewitch with a look, the sooner their society was dismissed the better for the general welfare.' The idea of revenge waa no doubt excited by their savage passions, but it was also one of the firmest texts of their religion. Their ima gined illness doubtless arose from a combination of feelings produced by fear, and their superstitious be lief in witchcraft It is singular that so remarkable an event as tba- 'coming of the white man' rhonld not have been commemorated, but Oook found that not a tradition remained of 'the advent of Tasmao ; perhaps tbe Dutch Bailors disagreed with the 'West Ooast natives, and it may have been thought better that so painful an ex perience should be forgotten. Cook's subsequent inter course was mere friendly. He knew tbat certain de sires and one language were common to the whole world, and he determined to gain their Ejections, it possible, by appealing to their cupidity. As ne failed southwards, about noon he eame np with an island, and saw there numerous natives, as well as on tbe main land; then a canoe appeared. Be had a South Sea Island native named Tnpia on board, who entered into a conversation, and found the natives understood him ; this is ? strong proof -of the connection between Pew Zealand and that chain of islands to the North. Thia time, however, the natives refused to come nearer to the ship ; afterwards the attempts at trade were sno oesBfuL Here is the first mercantile transaction with the HawkeVBay natives:— 'I observed,' says Cook, ** that one man bad a skin thrown over him, somewhat resembling that of a bear, and being desirous to know what animal was its first owner, I offered him for it a piece of red baiie, and he seemed greatly pleased with the bargain, immediately pulling off the skin, and hold ing it up in tbe boat. He wonld not, however, part with it till he had the cloth in his possession ; and as there could be no transfer of property if, with equal caution, I had insisted on the same condition, I ordered the cloth to be handed to him, upon which, with amazing cosiness, instead of sending np the skin, he began to pack up both that and tbe baize which be received as the purchase of it ia a basket, without pay ing the least regard to my demands or rcmonstraneeu, and soon after, with tho fishing boats, put off from the ?hip.' On Sunday, the IStb, shortly after the above com mercial transaction, a canoe came alongside to sell fish. ' Among others who were placed over the ship's side to hand up what we bought,' continues Oook,' was little Tangeto, Tupia's boy. One of tbe Indians, watch ing his opportunity, suddenly seized him and dragged* him down into the cause, two of them held him down in tbe fore part of it, and the others with great activity paddled her off, the rest of the canoes following he fast aa they could. Upon this the marines, who were under arms on deck, were ordered to fire. The ehot was directed to that part of the canoe which was furthest from tho boy, and rather wide of her, being willing to rather miss the rowers than to onrt him, upon which the otherB quitted their hold npon the boy, who in stantly leaped into the water and Bwam towards the ship. The large canoe immediately pulled, round and followed him, bnt som« muskets slid a great gun being fired at her, she desisted from the pursuit The hhfp being brought to, a boat was lowered, and the poor boy vaa taken up unbnrt, though so terrified that f»r a time he seemed to be deprived of his senses. Some of the gentlemen who traced the canoes to shore with their glasses, eaid that they saw three men carried np ih« beach, who appeared to be either dead or wholly disabled by their wounds. To the cape off whioh this unhappy transaction happened I gave the name of Cape Kid nappers.' Oook contributed what little he could to (he civilisa tion of the New Zealanders. He left with them the potato, which flourished, as well as some other vege-. tables; also the pig, which rapidly increased; the goat was a failure. He Tinted New Zealand several times, spending in all 327 days on the coast, and left it for the last time in 1777. At this time the natives were very numerous. Kven in 1820, it is estimated there were 100.000. They have now 'dwindled to 40,000, of which 37,000 are on the North Island. The disappearance of the Maori race may donbtless be attributed in some measure to the treacherous ' fire-wa^er of the pale-face,' but more to the diseases that seem to follow in the train of civilisa tion, eipeciaiaV-to that alow and insidious malady which saps the strength and wastes tie breath of life, alt bough consumption wasnotunknownbefoiet*thepakehH'- came* bringing those gifts fatal as Pandora's to the old Greek,, but with this difference, tbat Hope is not left behind. The 'black' appears to melt away before the breath oi the European, under Rome subtle influence, as if a mys terious r.nger beckoued. The only exception apparent is ihe African, and he succumbs to ?? inexorable Fate ' when removed from his home under the burning eun of the tropics. ' There is no instance on record,' says Thompson, ' save that of the New Zealanders, of the aborigines of the tropics having suddenly migrated to the temperate zone, without becoming extinct.' The increased cold is the probable cause »f the ricli and. fertile plains of the Middle Island being so scantily populated in comparison with the wanner North. Their language attests, »nd tradition points to a mi gration, some few centurie* back, from the fabled Hawaiikj, in the Pacific. Various facto 'seem to enow that they are of a Malay origin, and have fallen from a higher state of civilisation than they &t; present poFeess ; for instance, they now have a very digLt acquaintance with astronomy, but in former times, there is reason to believe, they were not unskilled in that Fcieuce, ro far, at least, as to be able to Btcor by the slave. Their language is akin to teat soft and beautiful tongue ppofcen with varied dialect throng!) the fries cf the. Pacific, and seems a fitting complunr-ct to three ' knots of paradise' floating in ' dark pntple tpberes of sea,' and born of the tropic languor ami lotae-laden airs of ' the Trades,' fit to be the speech of these weary of the »ea, the oar, Tbe wandering fields of barren foam, Iu the afternoon they came into a bind Iu which it seemed always afternoon. The frequency of the vowels lend it an Italian softnffs, but, like that of all rude peoples, is wanting in inflte tion and variety of expression. The aspirate, the -3ip- thong, aud tie natal sound (vga) abound, and tbe roots teem to point to India, the cradle of language, as its birth piace. Our illustration is a copy of one 1 Men for the I'liiladelpbia Exhibition, and shows a Maori temple or house of- worship, ornamented with shells, iod in . ' front » number ot Maori*, male and female. 