PENTRIDGE PRISON. BY "A ROGUE." No. IX. The Overseer of Labour, in the A Division, recognizes in the occupant of the cell into which he has entered an acquaintance of long standing, who, in explaining the causes of his further decadence, commits himself, I fear, to statements slightly at variance with fact. Preferring, afterwards, with much humility, an enquiry respecting the health of "Biddy["] he is made acquainted with a painful circumstance, of recent occurrence, no less than that estimable woman, overcome by sudden surprise, had fainted at the sight of a rat. Proceeding without further delay to business, the Overseer seeks to have his memory refreshed as to the particular occupation to which the prisoner applied himself, when last in retirement in the "A" Division, and in reply is informed, with remarkable effrontery, that he is by trade a tailor, an assertion, it may be added, by no means correct. But then it cannot be very readily disproved, less owing to the time intervening than from a change of patronymic: and it has been hazarded with ulterior views. Although tailoring, as the speaker very well knows, is not permitted in that division, yet, a record being made that he is a tradesman, (he is as much acquainted with any trade, other than that which has brought him there, as a Zulu Caffre) he may have a chance, when emerging thence to the Prison "B," of getting into the tailors' shop, which, together with the shoemakers' is an object of ambition, for reasons by-and[-]bye to be explained, when the several kinds of labor, undergone at the Pentridge Prison, the particular way in which they are managed, and their results, are simultaneously reviewed. Meanwhile "Biddy" explains many marvels of science and triumphs of machinery, failing, I regret to add, to evoke much interest in his hearer; for hatred of the place, and of all that are therein, and a desire to leave it, and a determination to do nothing but what he is obliged to do, are plainly the predominant feelings. At length, after much balancing of relative advantages, an equal incapacity to do anything whatever having been, on the side of the new comer, the preliminary basis of negotiation, the choice of labor seems to hang between plaiting straw for hats and carding wool for the factory, to be converted into blankets; place and precedence however being given to the former, by reason of the summer weather, when the wool cannot be so advantageously utilised at night, as a substitute for a feather bed, "Biddy" having explained practically the method to be observed in the particular plait it required, in attempting imitation of which all the fingers of his pupil seem to have become thumbs, leaves improvement to time and takes his departure, in order to go through similar processes of inauguration with other new arrivals, and to keep a sharp look out after the old. Shortly afterwards there appears a warder, red haired and dumpy, who does not seem to come in with any particular object, but who nevertheless takes a comprehensive view, under his eyes, of the prisoner, and of all the surroundings and, before leaving, he enjoins strict attention to the whole Duty of Man, as propounded by the Printed Regulations, already referred to, hung up on a board, against the wall. And so the prisoner is left to his labor and his reflections. Outside that large Quadrangle, with its lofty double walls flanked by turrets, which encloses, within a gravelly flat, as destitute of herbage as the Arabian Desert, the great Inner Prison of Pentridge, with its various divisions[.] Nature, within the outer prison walls, still smiles bewitchingly as ever, and the breezes blow fresh and unhindered from the sea. By prison toil, fringing long avenues, the trees have been planted which fan those breezes, by prison toil have been formed and kept up the delicately graduated and carefully gravelled walks which wind the gentle slope, leading from the house of the Inspector Genaral, where, standing on its crest, so many weary eyes have looked out upon the distant landscape, seeking in vain to recall the irrevocable past. Prison hands water the close turf of the shaven lawns, and set the weedless flower beds in a blaze of bloom. The infantile choruses of little children are heard, veiled in the distance as in a dream, by the lonely inmate of many a prison cell whose memory clings yet around some early time, when quiet influences were shed over his home and heart. Before getting to the grounds, by the Southern Entrance, nearest the Coburg Township, where stands the pleasant place, built by John Price, for the residence of the Inspector General a less imposing edifice, on the left hand, opposite the early old prison buildings, shelters a more imposing functionary; I am scarcely able to express the noble sentiments that force themselves upon me, when I record the unquestionable fact that the Chief Superintendent gets up at six o'clock in the morning. Going then at once, abroad, with a long woollen comforter wound carelessly round his neck, in a degage way, and further protected from the possible inclemency of the weather by a short pea jacket, after the manner of blasphemous mariners, he is indisposed to be talkative or confidential with any of his officers, of whatsoever grade; indeed, upon this, his first ambulatory exhibition for the day, it must be understood distinctly that they who have the ill luck, to come suddenly in contact with him do not speedily forget the greeting. Reaching the office belonging to the inner prison after some gyrations to catch tripping, lax or negligent, warders, (as yet the men have not been let out,) he composes himself to look over the various returns, placed before him for signature and approval, before their daily despatch to the Inspector-General. The Circumlocution System might be witnessed now by an onlooker in what may be called by a paradox, the Reality of the Ideal. Papers of all sizes, columns of all lengths, figures without end, full and fractional, inks of shades all and colours, have to pass from and return to the Clerk's hands before nine in the morning, the appointed time of leaving. Warrants of discharge have to be compared with archives, for prisoners who have regained their freedom, and are on the point of being released at that hour. Then the Chief addresses himself to framing, under his own hand, a final missive whereby the Inspector General is made cognisant of the latest possible condition of the place, and is furnished with any suggestions which circumstances may recommend. Proceeding after an interval on a tour of inspection to the "A" Division, he is received on the threshold of that prison by the Serjeant of the white gloves, who has been watching for his advent, and who, on saluting, being received in a gracious and familiar manner, evinces the deepest sympathy, and precedes him to the office of that prison, as one of the preliminaries to the ultimate satisfaction of his sense of justice. The Serjeant reports, of serious offences committed since his last visit, that No 81 has displayed many signs of levity and insubordiuntion; that No 152 has indulged in unmistakeable allusions unfavourable to the paternal character of the Government; that No 101 has flatly refused to obey his instructions, on the plausible but invidious ground that he is a fool; that No 11 has saluted him with many vituperative epithets; that No 54, of whom it must be explained that he is but just emerging from larrikinism, has also applied to him many names indicative of puerile contempt,; [sic] that No 131, unmindful of the sad counsel of Night, the Grey Mentor, has made it hideous, and has disturbed alike warders and well disposed prisoners, by rapturous fioriture of song; that No 2, on his going round, and visiting that refractory individual expressed a wish, accompanied by many adjectives, that the interview should then and there end; [t]hat No 175 pledged herself solemnly, with many ignominious epithets, in the next visit to insure his final suppression; that No 6, has got a mark on one of his books—produced for critical examination. Finally he announces triumphantly, so evincing his undiminished zeal, the capture and summary confiscation of seven pieces, of various sizes, of tobacco, three bootlaces in excess of regulation, a wooden skewer, made for keeping blankets together[;] half an inch of pencil; a confidential note from one of the cooks to an old friend recently arrived; and a pair of moleskin trousers, in which a pocket has been surreptitiously inserted; pockets of all sizes in all clothing, being rigidly forbidden as synonymous, in Pentridge, with plunder. These grave offences having been fairly apportioned, according to their respective magnitude, to the Visiting Justice and the Chief Superintendent, for trial at the next General Sessions to be holden in their respective Courts the latter rises, with much dignity, from his chair, to be accompanied by the Serjeant on a tour of inspection, casting glances on his way at the Scriptural Affiches on the wall with the air of a connoisseur. Between the office and the cell, leisure is afforded for the suitable assumption of a gruff and haughty air, and the provoking way of looking at people as if they weren't in sight, and the walk. Surely this must be the way in which His Excellency the Governor walks. The steps are reached, the last descent to the Corridors. A huge and melancholy warder, with master keys and the truncheon, called potstick in his hand, in attendance, to head the procession. Next comes the Chief. Then the Sergeant with a book and ready pencil, wherewith to jot down, for their due and fitting observance, any high behests that may perchance, while in progress, be vouchsafed. In rear, another Warder, with more master keys, and another pot stick. A rattle of the bolt, sent back with a jerk a sharp flinging back to its furthest limit of the door, "Attention" shouted by the advanced guard, with a countenance as fierce as a door knocker, warns the inmate of the cell to jump up suddenly, and stand, in the centre, regulation way, ready to salute. Like the ghost or Banquo, no speculation in his eyes, which seem fixed on the wall behind the prisoner, the Chief Superintendent is given for a moment to the grateful and astonished gaze. Disappearing, one whisker only, and a profile, by no means a charming one, of the sergeant, is briefly visible, as he treads onwards with conscious condescension. The prisoner must close the door The warder in rear bolts it. Once more the prisoner is a breathing, sentient being, and sitting down, resumes his weary work, So on and, on, by tier on tier, round and round, they go; a sort of lazy scorn about the lot. They on whom they gaze in turn have dropped out of common life somehow and, for the most part, are as clean forgotten as dead men out of mind. Resolute against Fate The Enemy, some. Others enduring with patience, uncomplaining. Too Feverish fashions of a former life exchanged for that rigid formality and conventual regularity, by the side of which even beggary, with freedom, is remembered with regret. No single passionate incident to mark the progress of their yearly lives. Cell doors, opened, disclose the dismal precocity of poverty in features which, though young, are emaciated. Smiles there are less agreeable than than the livid look of hatred which preceded them. Sombre villains are there, to the outward ken sinners, judged by the same standard, guileless and good natured. The characters attributed to either may often be exchanged for the reverse. Handsome faces abound, but reckless and shifty. Faces, too, may be found with Billiards written on them as plainly as if they lodged with the Melbourne Club, and had played with the peculiar vigour, there, by some, made manifest. Another long interval. No bell sounds, no clock strikes, to mark the flight of time. As twelve o'clocks [sic] nears, the rattling of tin pannikins which, after daily use, and for the purpose of future easy distribution, are threaded through their handles by a string, indicates that what passes for dinner is at hand. One pannikin is placed at each door, at which a little later, at the exact appointed time, a wardsman attended by a warder will bring a tin pail and fill it. The dinner proper, only one course, is brought round on trays, in separate tin plates, precisely as at breakfast, and is put through, the trap, which is then immediately closed. It consists, over and above the soup, which, if it has no other recommendation, is always hot, of a boiled bone representative, a mutton chop and one potatoe [sic], jacket included, of medium size; if small, then two, or one and a half, as may correspond to the quantity allowed, and a modicum of salt. Three quarters of a pound of the brown (or black) bread is allowed daily. The dietary in the "A" Division, which is the probationary, is calculated on the lowest scale on which human life can be sustained. As with the corporeal, so also with the spiritual; and both are composed of materials rather difficult of digestion. I shall presently advert to the latter, as supplied in the "A" Division, before summing up separately, at another time, the Religious System of the Pentridge Prison, as it has existed since the foundation, and as compared with the Home System, (as well at Pentonville and Milbank, as on the Public Works Prisons,) which is foolishly supposed to be the prototype, and of which it falsely pretends to be the copy. I believe it to be a fact fully established in ethnological science, that, as a rule, before dinner, mankind are accustomed to look very grave. If that is so, when a good dinner in prospect, an elongation of visage, in a corresponding ratio, may be looked for when a bad dinner, or next to no dinner at all, is anticipated; and, in the last named case, not only before dinner, but during it, and for a considerable time afterwards; indeed, it may safely be added, up to the time when, on the next day, another makes it appearance, the prisoner, famished, is on the point of seizing and of devouring, in the paroxysm of hunger, such food as has been doled out to him; when a stealthy step, scarce audible on the coir matting, precedes a silent hand opening the door, followed by an apparition, which is followed by a voice, saying, "Do you want to see me?" I fear me much an acute listener might hear, even in that reverend presence, something very like that famous English monosyllable which devotes things, persons, even eyes, to the infernal gods. 