TRINITY CHURCH, FORTITUDE VALLEY. OPENtNG AND CONSBCBATIOH. : Tma^ handsome edifioe—a description of which is subjoined, was formally opened on Saturday afternoon last, on' which occasion there was -a large congregation present After - the recital of the usual evening prayers, the Right Rev. Dr. Hale preached a most impressive sermon on the subject of •' niinMtv." Tyit(?«Wn,a ili'aonnMa w<ia Charity." His Lordship's discourse was delivered with touching simplicity, as is usual in all Dr. Hale's sermons, and was listened to with profound attention by the whole congrega tion. Amongst those present were Sir Maurice and Lady O Connell, the Hon. John Douglas, and many other leading citizens. On Sunday morning the consecration service took place, the church being crowded in every part. His Lordship, accompanied by tho Revs. Messrs. Mahalm and Smith, arrived at the building shortly after 11 o'clock, and was met by the incumbent of Trinity Church (tho Rev. Mr. Love) and the churchwardens, Messrs. Gibbon and Wyborn. The following peti tion was read of the undcrelgaed respectfully sbowethtbat foru , years the parishioners of fortitude Valley h&TO; wor shipped. la a building used both as a School and a church. This edifice, never well suited for a church, has becomo too small for the requiromei ts of the parish, and the parishioners ut considerable cost hare erected a spacious and elegant building, and they now request you will dodicato it to tbo blessed Trinity, to bo called Trinity Cburcb, so that it may never bo claimed as private property, alienated from |sacred uses, nor appropriated to any purposes dishonourinx to God. hut wherein oiircliiltlren and our children's childreu may worship Almighty God, according to tbo teachings of His Holy Word and the ritttal of tbo Catholic and Reformed Church of Eogland. And your petitioners as in duty bound will ever pray. (Signed) James Lots, Incumbent. A. R Rockrs, [*«»*««.. . S. BiniMd. J His Lordship briefly replied, expressing pleasure at being able to comply with the prayer of the petition. The consecration service was then proceeded* with, and at its conclusion his Lordship deli vered to tho Rev. Mr. Love tho following certi ficate:— This is to certify that this church—to bo henceforth designated and known as the Church of tho Ever Blessed Tfioltv. Fortitude Valley—ts now consecrated and sot apart for over from all profane and common uses, and is dedicated to tbo worship and service of the ever blessed Trinity, tho Fathor, tbo Son, and the Holy Ghost. (Signed) HArnxtw B. Bale, Bishop of Brisbano. July 23,1877. Tho congregation then engaged in prayer, after which Dr. Halo preached, taking for his text 1 Kings, viii., 22-62. His Lordship's sermon was, as usual, simple in language, prac tical in theory, and eloquent in delivery. The church was crowded duriug the scrrico, and amongst those present wero His Excellency the Govornor and Miss Kennedy, together with the vice-regal suite. At the afternoon service the Rev J. H. L. Zillman preached, and at tho close of his sermon the Sunday School children retired to the school, where about fifty prizes were presented to tho jnoat deserving children by Dr. Halo. At tho ovoning service there was again a largo congregation, and tho Rev. Mr. Mahalm Sreached an eloquent sormon, directing his iscourso against the ranks of Freothought. . Tho collections during the whole ol tho ser vices amounted to £125 6a. 8d., which is a very respectable sum, considering that tho parish ionors havo already contributed over £3,000 towards tho erection of tho building. 