SPRING BAY. [From our own Correspondent.] On Friday night, 22nd instant, Dr. Blyth, one of the candidates for Sorell!, held a meeting at Carter's Retreat Inn ; G. A. Mace, Esq., J.P., in the chair. He explained his opinions, which were in favour of the proposals of the Ministry, and a vote of confidence was passed. A vote of thanks to the chairman, with three cheers each for the Queen, the chairman, and the candidate, were heartily given. On Tuesday, the 26th, the election came off, and on this occasion there were more votes polled than has ever been before in this portion of the electorate. Dr. Blyth obtained the majority here, which shows plainly that this district, although a portion of the electorate, is not identical with Seven, as it generally votes in opposition to that place, showing plainly that it ought to be separate. The electors here think that, with a larger assessment and a larger number of voters, they are as much entitled to a separate member as Glamorgan. The election passed off with general good feeling. Many of the voters, of course, being property owners, supported Mr, Gum as he promised to vote against a property tax and the 2d. an acre tax, which they were opposed to. There was a protest entered here against the election, on the grounds that the deputy returning officer refused to allow voters, whose names were on the electoral roll to vote, although residents of the place, as they were placed on the polling list by the revision court (against which they had no appeal for other polling places. It was pointed out by the scrutineers that the chairman of the court who, with one of the candidates, were the only justices on the bench, had recently proclaimed himself in your columns a portion of that candidate had arbitrarily decided where they should vote, and the deputy returning officer would not allow them to vote, relying on section 32 of the Electoral Act ; the protester rely on section 77, which is directly contrary to it. This will be a good opportunity for the late Attorney-General to explain one of his acts, and be another illustration that all men, even Attorney Generals, are liable to err. [Our correspondent affords an illustration of this, the late Attorney-General's responsibility not extending to what he did not do. When the Electoral Act was passed February 1858, Mr. Giblin was a boy at schooled. A/.] On Monday, the 25th, the Hon. C. Meredith, Colonial Treasurer, visited the township, and advantage was taken of this to entertain him at luncheon. Mr. Mace, of Rostrevor was in the chair, and proposed his health, when Mr Meredith gave a detail of the Ministerial policy, but he could not allay the ghoSt of 2d. an acre raised by Mr. Gunn at his meeting, which had such an effect on the following day as to draw fifteen voters to the poll in his favour, not one of whom voted for the policy or want of policy of the Opposition, but simply voted to tax that other man, don't touch me." Had the opposition declared any policy, no doubt the electors would have taken it into consideration, but many did not care to take a leap in the dark, and were doubtful what to do. Those who voted for Dr. Blyth did so simply to support the policy of Ministers, the others to save themselves from taxa- tion. One elector said he should vote against the Doctor because he would pay the railway interest if it was due, forgetting that Mr. Gunn's gratuitous declaration " that he would not allow one shilling of interest to be paid until the line was made what he required it to be, was of no value for it must be evident to the most superficial observer that having made a bargain, to pay such an interest on the completion of the line, that when it is done according to contract, not even the Parliament of Tasmania can prevent its being paid. 