MUSICAL AND DRAMATIC NOTES. [From our own Correspondent.] London, September 28. The two great musical events of this month have been the Triennial Festivals of Gloucester and Leeds, both of which have proved artistically and financially great successes. The principal artistes engaged were—Mesdames Albani, Patey, Edith Wynne, Leniinens, Sherrington, Lowe, Itedeker, Sinico Campobello, Vernon, Grif fiths, and Bolingbroke, Messrs. Santley, Lloyd, Cummings, Maybrick, Foli, and Shnfcspeare, and as pianist Miss Agnes Zimmerman. Sir Michael Costa was at his usual post as conductor. The programme at the Gloucester Festival was in the fol lowing order:—"Elijah,"Schumann's can tata "Paradise and the Peri," a miscel laneous concert, Bach's St. Matthew " Pas sion Music," Beethoven's oratorio "The Mount of Olives," Mendelssohn's "St. Paul," a selection from the "Creation," Arthur Sullivan's overtnre "In Memoriam," Brahms " Requiem," a miscellaneous con ' cert, concluding with Mendelssohn's "Hymn of Praise." The Festival, which commenced on Tuesday, 4th Septem ber, concluded on Friday with the i "Messiah" in the morning, and a special service in the evening at the Cathedral. The Leeds programme is as follows -.—The oratorios of "Solomon," " Elijah," " Mount .of Olives," Mscfarren's new oratorio, "Joseph" (which was produced for the first time), Bach's "Magnificat," Mozart's ''Requiem/ .Mendelssohn's "First Wal purgis Night/ a new cantata, " The Fire king," by Mr. Walter Austin, a native of Leeds; miscellaneous pieces and songs. The orchestral selections included Beetho ven's Symphony in F. (No. 8), Raff's Symphony in (x. minor (No. 4), and the overtures from " Fra Diavolo," " Der Freyschutz," " Semiramide," "Wood Nymphs," " Tannhauser," and " Jessonda." The absence of Mdlle. Titiens from the Festivals was greatly felt; I regret to state that no hopes are entertained as to the re covery of this great artiste. The Carl Rosa English Opera Company is on the provin cial tour. The. London season commences in February 1878. Mr. C. W. Raynor, •whom I mentioned in my hist as Laving . been . the basso with the Christys in Australia, has been engaged by Carl Rosa for the Opera Company. He will sing under his own name, Mr. C- W- MeUette. The promenade concerts at Covent Garden still continue to attract large audiences. One bad feature about this entertainment is the frequent display of rowdyism indulged in by the "cad" type. These concerts are certainly not to be compared to those of the once famed Jnllien, and more recently Riviere. Too much drinking—in fact it is nothing else than a large cafe chantant, in which music plays only a secondary role. The liebhart concerts at the Agricultural Hall, Islington, have come to a close. They were not a flmmmal success. Her Majesty's Opera Company commenced their provincial tour on the 22nd at Belfast. They return to London in six weeks, when a sbort season of Italian opera at reduced prices of admis sion will be given at Her Majesty's Theatre. A series of English operas have been per formed at die Crystal Palace, and recitals commence shortly at the Aquarium, the first of which will be Sullivan's "Trial by Jury." , Patti sings at the LaScala, Milan, in November, six representations only, but will first sing at a concert in Manchester. Her contract for the London season of 1878 was signed a few days since, so the diva does not retire to the solitudes of a cloister as was reported by various musical journals. ThefSaturday concerts at the Crystal Palace have commenced, and the other regular concert seasons will shortly follow. In dramatic matters there has been great activity* and some of the theatres have commenced the regular autumn and winter seasons with variable success. The new drama by Byron "Guinea Gold," at the Princeafa, was no£treceived very favorably, bat as several of the scenes were condensed and the piece judiciously clipped, it goes better, and in spite of adverse criticism draws good houses. It is magnificently mounted. The great sensation scene of the Thames inundation is most realistic. The " Dead Secret," which opened under such brilliant auspices at the Lyceum has almost proved a dead frost. There is so much of the ghost element in it that the public look upon it as a good joke instead of being thrilled with horror at the mysterious "myrtle chamber." At Drury Lane the grand spectacular play of " England in the Days of Charles IL" has been produced upon a magnificent scale and has been successful. The Folly Theatre opened on the 15th to a most enthusiastic audience, ILR.H. the Prince of Wales being present. The whole entertainment was a positive success, and this fashionable and popular theatre has been crowded nightly. One of the greatest and most genuine successes achieved in London for some years has been that of Mr. John Hovraon as the Commodore Patabras in Offenbach's "La Creole." All die London Press accord him unanimously the highest encomiums, stating that in his particular line he has not his equal on the jfengKrih stage. John of course is highly gratified, and intends in course of time to visit his native country —Australia—but before he becomes fossilised. Too many actors from here think of making Australia the dernier ressort when their abilities have almost left them. Mr. Fawcett Rowe's *' Piece of Brass," which was~such a failure at the Haymarket, has been taken off the boards, and Mr. J. S. Clarke has been play ing a round of his favorite characters to good houses. A new comedy by W. S. Gilbert,entitled "Engaged," will be pro duced at the above theatre on the 3rd October. a After Dark," and the children's pantomime of "Goody Two Shoes" are still running at the Adelpbi. " Our Boys," at tie Vaudeville, " Pink Dominos " at the Criterion, and "Stolen Kisses" at the Globe, are as popular as ever; in fact the two former seem to have become, like Mdme. Tussaud's or Moore and Burgess's Minstrels, a fixed entertainment Mr. Arthur Garner, who I believe has been in Australia, plays Tom in " Stolen Kisses " at the Globe. Morning performances are being instituted at several of the theatres; the Globe takes the lead with "The Rivals." At the Opera Comique, " Liz; or, that Lass of Lowrie's," is doing very good business, and is likely to continue, up to the end of October. At the Royal Court Theatre the comedy of v The Hoase of Darnley," the posthum ous work of the late Lord Lytton. who completed only four acts, the fifth being written by Chas. Cogfalan, will be pro duced on Gtii October. Shiel Barry lfl playing in " Arrah na Pogue " at the Boyal Park Theatre, the proprietress of which allows all cabmen wearing their badge free admission during the run of the piece rather a novel advertisement, but who will take care of the cabs in the meantime ? Joe Jefferson is playing "Rip" at the Brighton Theatre. At the Gaiety, the "Bohemian G. Yuri" burlesque will _ be withdrawn to make room for a new farcical piece by.F. C. Burnard," The Musical Box," and a new burlesque by Byron is promised. The Royalty Theatre opens under Miss Kate Sanfley'a management early in Oc tober, with, for the first time, Lecocq's new opera bouffe "La Marjolaine." At the Alhambra Strauss's new opera bouffe of "King Indigo" was pro duced, but has not met with great favor from the public; die dialogue drags, the puns are old, and fail to excite the risibili ties of the audience, and even the magnifi cent dresses and scenery fail to make amends for the three weary acts of forced fun, which could easily be compressed into one act. At the Standard a new five-act drama, " The Queen of an Hour," founded on incidents in the life of Lady Jane Grey, will be presented on the Ist October. Mr. Henderson, the popular manager of the Criterion and Folly Theatres, has taken the Queen's Theatre, which he intends re christening with the name of the National Theatre. A five-act drama, " Les Exiles," founded on a popular Russian novel, will be the opening piece. I believe popular prices will be charged. I wish Mr. Hen derson all success, as the Queen's has not always been a fortunate bouse; neither was the Folly, until it fell into the hands of Henderson. Mr. Chas. Ben nett, an Australian actor, left yesterday for the Cape theatre. Miss Kate Bentley, who was in Adelaide in 1870 with Stewart and Harwood's burlesque company, is playing soubrette parts at the Princess's. The Strand opens to-morrow night with "Family Ties " (A.ux crochets <Tun gendre) and the burlesque of " Champagne" BibS, adapted by Ueece and Farnie. Tom Taylor's plays are to be the attraction at the Prince of Wales Theatre, which opens to-night with. "An Unequal Match" and "To Parents and Guardians." The obituary of this month includes the names of two well known and talented acton —Charles Mac kenzie, professionally known as W, P. Compton, and E. L. Davenport, the Ameri can tragedian. 