0crji Ukrri), Jjn&tcfc;! BT G. A. WALSTAU. " Oh yes ; I can remember those days, very well, indeed," said the doctor, as he took down a decanter from the swinging tray, and, with due medical precision, mixed himself a glass of grog. Let me see, it's the 25th of Dec> inber, 1S69, and we re down somewhere in 47 deg. South, which makes it rather cooler than it would be were we on shore. I can tell yon, Hamilton," to a young man sitting next to him, " yon would be more inclined to ask for ice than hot grog if you found yourself walking up Bourke street just now." " And pray, doctor, what is Bourke street ?" Bourke street, my dear fellow, is to Melbourne a sort of degraded Haymarket. At least by night-time. In the day Collins, or the liegent, is crowded—by night, the stiett of Bourke. There are oyster stalls, supper-rooms, theatres, and all the other signs of advanced civilisation pos aeiBed by the Queen of the South." " Then Christmas is tolerably jolly with you, after all asked the older man, giving a vicious dig with his spoon at a lnmp ol: •ugar that would'nt melt, " I don't know exactly what you main by that, but I think, from my own experience, there is, if anything, too mnch of the jolly and too little of the tolerable. In fact, I generally look upon Christmas in. Australia as a dead swindle. We cheat ounelves into a belief that it i* the old time back again; the old time of roast beef, plum pudding, mistletoe, pretty cousins, tipping uncles, and all that sort of thing. But it isn't, not by a long way. The beef, pudding, and au attempt at mistletoe, are there ; but where the pretty cousins ? where the days of the pask ? Ho; 1 don't care about Christmas in Australia. There is a hollow shun about the whole thing that makes it almoet weari some. As poor Bockley used to say, ' It's merry, very merry, iudevd !' " \- " Why did he say so ?" asked Hamilton. "Ah! there goes a very 'merry' story to that," was the answer ; and the jolly doctor looked positively sad as he raiaed his tumbler to his lips. "Tell it us," said Hamilton. "It's not ten o'clock yet, and we are none of us inclined for much fun, although it is Christmas, and icebergs are knocking about to remind us of Bnow." " Yes, go a-head, doctor," said two or three others. " What is it about V " Why, it's about a merry Christmas in Australia—a very merry Christmas, indeed ! Go on deck for a moment, and as you stand there, in bodily presence, the keen wind, fresh from the ice-fields of the south, will soon make you wish yourself down here again. But come with me in imagination, for an instant, to the land on the ahere of whioh the snrf of the great Southern Sea we are now on beats unceasingly. We have left Melbourne far behind us, and you are sitting with me in the small room of a bush hut, with a miserable imitation of a window looking out upon a wide plain. At the back of the .hut the ground slopes gently down to a creek—a foaming torrent in winter, now a chain of half-dry water holes. On the other side of the creek are a few huts, little if any better than mine ; a publio-house, a blacksmith's forge, a general store, and a pound —the usual make-up of a Victorian township in 1853. Yes, I am telling of a* long ago as that. Place yourself in the spot by my side, as I sit in this hut, and you will understand my story better. I am sitting at a little table near the window. On the table are papers east carelessly about; near the walls are wide shelves covered with books; two or three mahogany cases are lying on the floor; a gun and sabre hang over the chimney ; two kangaroo dogs are sleeping before tho fireplace. It is the hut of a bush doctor, the only one within a large radius. I have come up from Melbourne to practice, and am not making such a bad thing of it, especially as there is a ' digging within fifteen miles of the place. 1 "It is Christmas day, and I am thinking of far different things than the plum-pudding that an old Irishwoman is wildly endeavoring to make in the cooking hut at the back. From the window, if I choose to raise my eyes, I can see a wide expanse of plain, dotted here and there with clumps of trees, and in the distance a high range, at the foot of which lie the diggings I spoke ef. And on that plain the hot rays of the noon-day sun are beating fiercely, so fiercely that the once green grass is burned and blaokened, while over on the ranges there hangs a black cloud of smoke. It is the Bush Fire—the Yule Log of Australia. Shutting my eyes, and carrying my memory back, I can see a brightglowing hearth, a long, well-spread table, iiappy beaming faces round it. I open them, and there is the squalid hut, the wretched apologies for furniture, the voice of the old Irishwoman singing, probably a keene over the very possible failure of her pudding, the wide plain, the burning sun, and the dark cloud of the distant bush-fire. Very merry, indeed! I am roused from my reverie by the tramp of a horse's feet, and, looking out, I see a horseman coming rapidly towards the hut, his horse pressed to the top of his speed. "It is a messenger from the diggings; irobably some accident; and I take up my nstrument oase meohanically. " Are you in, dootor ?' shouts the rider, reining up his horse, and knocking with his whip-handle at the door. 1 recognise him at once as a young fellow from the diggings, the mate of a man with whom I hadleen a fellow-passenger—George Roekley. " On board _ ship Bockley had been a general farourite ; good-looking, good-tempered men always are; and he was especially both. But if he were popular, his wife was even more so. Peor child ! I think I can see her now, as she used to sit on deck, reading or working, with her large soft brown eyeB raised confidingly to mine, as 1 asked her how she felt, and how baby was. Baby was asleep in his cot below, and she was well, quite well. " After landing in Melbourne, I lost sight of them for some time ; in fact, though as open and frank as the day, Hockley was reserved and quiet on all family matters, and I only knew, as others did, that he was the son of a rich country gentleman, who had made what is called a love-match with the daughter of a poor clergyman. One day, however, I did see him, for he came to tell me that his child was very ill, and asked if I would come and see him. I did, and ah ! it was no good asking how baby was then. Baby was asleep indeed; asleep in that cot which Providence rocks for the little children it has suffered to come nnto it. I thrught, too, that both his wife and Roekley looked pale and ill, but that might be the effects of grief, and I made no remark about it. r.ut afterwards, when I met them on the Dark Range diggings, I could see too plainly that, brave as the little lady was, she had uudertaken a task that was too much for her. Sadder still, her husband saw it too, and pressed her to return to town. But no ; where he was she would remain, and, as he could not possibly get away from the claim he was working in, she refused to leave hira. Day after day, while he toiled on at the accustomed work to which he had devoted himself, she sat patiently doing woman's work in the hot close tent, till the gentle heart grew faint, and the delicate frame more feeble every day. He did his best, joor fellow; the women about did their >est; but it was no use ; the fragile being sank daily under a load she was never meant to bear. '"Mrs. Roekley'—my friend had always borne his real name—'is very ill, indeed. I didn't tell him so, but we think she is dying. Can yon come at once, Doctor ? ' " I made little answer, but in a very short time was riding by his side over the hot plain towards the Dirk Range Rush. " The fifteen miles were soon got over, and in a little more than an hour I was standing by the bedside of a dying woman. Yes ; there was no use mincing the matter, and had you been there you would have felt as sad as I did. Poor Roekley saw in my face what I thought, but with an unselfish courage, for which I have always honoured him, he kept down hiv,emotion ; and the firmer pressure of fc is hsb was the only outward sign of the agouy vich was tearing at his heart. " She knew it too, poor child, and met it bravely. " ' I know I am dying, docter, know it well. I am going to see my little one, where no hot, heavy sun, nor toil nor labour can trouble us again. It's very hard to leave you, George, and we are both so young—so long to wait till we see each other again. Poor George 1 " I could hear the grinding ot the man's teeth as he took her hand, but he kept down his sobs manfully still. Only he couldn't trust his voioe, but bent down aad pressed his lips passionately to hers, as the words oame faltering forth in tones gradually weakening. "'Don't draw back the door, doctor,' Bhe went on, as I moved towards the flap that answered that purpose; 'I don't want to look at those horrid heaps of glaring white pipeclay any more. They have glared at me all throngh the long, lonely days when poor Qeorge was hard at work among them, wet and weary, and baby was lying dead in the cruel cemetery, and I was too weak to work, and used to lie and long for George.' "I could see Rockley's chest heaving under the coarse blue shirt, but still he never spoke. "' I would rather hold your hand, darling.' murmured the dying woman, 'and see, as I can, oh ! so plainly, the little path running down to the brook behind the vicarage where you first told me you loved me. And the day I went into Canterbury, darling, and saw you on parade, glittering, handsome, braver And it was poor loving I whe brought all the misery upon you. Had you never seen me you might still have been rich and happy. It is good that I am going, my darling ; your father will forgive you now, and I can tell baby that his father will never know want again. Ah 1 George, how brave you are!' " It was just that little word too much. With a courage far greater than would have been needed for a headlong charge, the husband had stood by the bedside with his wife's hand in his, letting her see as little of his grief as he could. But the soft, trembling praiae of a show of courage, which was kept up at such fearful torture, was the latt straw, and the over-burdened camel breke down at last. " The features worked convulsively ; the one hand, free from his wife's clasp, clutched at the loose necktie round his" throat, and with a sort of swaying motion, indescribably >ainful to look at, he sank down on his cnees by the bedside, his face buried in the counterpane, and his whole frame shaking with SODS. " ' Brave, Lilly ?,' he muttered, the words coming hoarsely up. ' Brave ? I am the veriest coward on .earth. I have been a coward all along. It was cowardly of me to marry you to poverty; cowardly of me to bring you to this hateful country; cowardly of me to let you know such misery, and it is especially cowardly of me to let you see now that when you are gone I am reckless for ever, oareless alike of wealth or poverty. Darling I darling ! how much have you not to forgive me! 1 " The weak, pale hand strove hard to raise the bended head ; nu-1 at last, yielding to the gentle pressure, the weeping mau lifted his face, literally tear-stained, aud allowed the feeble arm to draw him nearer. "' Hold me up, George, as you have so often di ne, and let me look on your face fur the last time. Handsome, dirling, as ever. Handsomer to mc, darling, than in the da;s of your bloom, for on it arc signs of grief borne for me. The face I have so long loved ; the face I have seen in my dreams in the dear old vicarage ; the face that has never worn a frown for me. Bury me in some shady spot, George, if there is one in this hot glaring laud ; some spot where the fierce sun may not shine down withe riugly on my poor he:td, as it shines on bab>'s. And, for my sake, George, remember pour papa's words, how One passed through far more pain anil sufferiug than we cau ima^i: e, to make us happy in eternity. He has takeu the little one to Himself; aud, while angel wings are sheltering it from evil, he is taking me, and oh, darling ! He must lake you tuc. You will not grieve too much, George ; a:• - l be resigned ; try and say, ' His will be done,' that we may see each other again. Ic is His birthday, George—Christmas day, George— and He is taking me to Himself.' " 'His will be done !' muttered Hockley, so fiercely that the poor, dying girl absolutely shuddered. 'His birthday '. taking you to Himself! Why cannot He leave you with me ? If He be good and kind, as you say, why has He persecuted you to death ? why does not He save you now ? Doctor, I shall be a rich man some day ; even her mnrderera cannot help that. Save her ; do something for her, and I will give you such a fee—pardon the rudeness of a distracted man—as you never dreamed—will worship you as higher than the God who leaves her to die.' " Poor fellow! Who could blame him, even for such words ? Even she only drew him closer to her, and murmured something in hiB ear. I eould only hear,' You never refused, darling.' "' Nor will I now, my own one. I will try—there—" His will be done !''' "'Thank you, darling. Now, George, let me rest my head on your shoulder. There is no clergyman here, George; but it is Christmas day, and I know that I am Roing to the God my father preached about the Christmas you came to the vicarage. Ah, darling, it may be wrong to think of it now, but I can't help it. You won't forget it, George, or baby, or me.' "1 could stand it no longer, but stole gently from the tent, only hearing, as I went, a low murmur of ' Our father.' " I had been outside but a few seconds, when I was startled by a lond cry. " I ran back, to find Lockley standing in the middle of the tent with his wife's body in his arms. "'Out of my way!' he cried hoarsely. 'Let me pass.' I am going up to the Hall to let them see how the wife of a Lockley has died ! Died, sir, of starvation ! Yes, that's it! She never complained; bnt I knew the want of food was killing her; and, coward that I was, I spoke of hope and did nothing. Had I begged, borrowed or stole, my darling had not died. Feel her pulse, doctor ; it beats, I'm sure it does, She said, " Dear George, I love you more than ever," only two seconds ago. She can't be dead. Curse it, sir, stand aside ; call in another doctor if you can do nothing yourself. George Roekley, of Roekley Hall, will pay the heaviest fee you can ask, bnt she shall not die.' ISow, Mr. Roekley,' said a woman who jme into the tent, ' do go out aud leave b>or thing to us. This is no p^ace for Iff.' Vie gentleman's inatinct was stronger ban grief. With an attempt at coolness fiat made me poiitively sick, he allowed; cer to take the dead «irl from his arms, aad me to lead him from the tent, and liionly words, as be threw himself on a bunk his mate's tent, were, ' His birthday ! ! Christmas day ? Merry. Christmas! a very perry Christmas, indeed ! ! ' " W^ buried her the next day, and Rockley stood by the grave, pale as a ghost, but with nfe signs of a tear on his face. Ouly when tbo earth was shovelled in, and fell hollowl^on the rude coffin, he clenched his hand, and looked so fiercely at the impromptu grave-dkger, that the man left off his task until tlb: widower was out of sight. We went tcTMelbourne the next day, and in Australia I neTer saw him again * * » But tlie year before last I dined with Sir George Roekley, in hiB country seat—down in Keut.j He is not over forty, even now— but for all that he sat opposite to me at the table, au old, earewora man. The figure, indeed, v(>3 tall and erect as ever, but the hair waj ^bickiy strewn with grey, the forehead was feeared with wrinkles, and the blue eyes had js wild savage look that was not pleit-'ant to £*ze on. Over the bloom of beauty the hot iron of grief had passed his- £in;.-ly, burning out all the comeliness. "I never have peeple here on this day, doctor : indeed. I seldom see anyone. I have no heir ; don't w»nt one. And after my death the estate will go to strangers.' " 'Nice place, isn't it?' he said, with a bitter sneer. ' The rental is about £10,000 a-yenr. Not much, perhaps ; but how little a portion would have saved J.'.r life ! Don't say anything, doctor ; [ have thought it all out lonir ago. My father even, who has a grand tomb in the R<ekley Chancel, died with my forgiving haLd in his. I did it because she asked me, and I live because she wished it But of what good is it to me, all this wealth ? It came too late, doctortoo late to beep my love with me, and to me it is sickening—hateful. This day, fourteen years a^'o, she died in lay arms, and now it is Christmas, jolly old Father Christinas, doctor. Look at the distant village, doctor: there are merry hearts there ; look at the wide expanse of field and hill. It is all mine, to do what I please with, and I would give it all, ten times told over, to open the grave at the foot of the Dark Ranges, and take out, living and loving, tbe form that is mouldering there. But what good is all this? —though you can understand, doctor. Come in ; the fire burns brightly, the wine sparkles in our glasses, my eyes are dim as yours, and it's Christmas-day. Merry Christmas ! Very merry, indeed ! ' • * * * » * " 1 saw him again just before I sailed, and he was breaking fast. Give me down that tumbler, and I think you'll agree that Christmas is not always merry, even with wealth and land to make it so. Sir George Rock ley, anyhow, would give up all to be able to say in happy earnest, as he does in bitter jest, that it is VERT MKRP.V, INDEED !" HERALDIC.—Why is the Scottish lion not te be believed? Because he is Blways a-lyin' on a field of gold : and the Irish emblem is not much better, as it is a lyre too The English lion and unicorn appear to l>e the guardians of timber, as they jealously watch over a lot of " quartering." A Scotch jokist says that " ony soit" of persons can see the pun. We cannot, as pmse do not stand for puns on the Royal Arms, 