;mmm imiwAWA% . .. — ^ — One of the leading membsH of the Opposi tion openly proclaimed this week that ' the ininority arc nob eager for tLe emolu ments or the position of Miniatenj.' This ia oatisfactory if we can believe it, for it Will. relieve the minority from a good deal 6f disappointment. There is very little prospect of those gentlemen being called on for a considerable time to undertake the task of government. But who aro the 'Shejahera of the minority, that are ooi eager for tho emoluments or the dignity of office '/ Ia SirJainoB M'Culloch o:\e-— the man who BcUenicd and plotted for his late position, £nd who 8ci;:od and held if; in tho faca of cUsJiko aud di3trnafc inside the Hoaao, cad ijafcred and contempt outside it? Is Mr, M&cphcrdon; one? Has the eagerne33for office, ? &bat; induced that gentleman to eell his jboUcagues ia obg Ministry for tho price of a position iu tho next, abated? la Mr. Kerfevu one of tho self-denying minority, and eince when ? And does Mr. Jones see with out a sigh ItU old eeat to tho rf-/hfc of the Speaker filled by another? When Mr, C, I*. Smith raid that tho minority were not os^cr for office ifc would have bceu vrcll, l-orlia{;.'-, if he had Loon a little woro particuJar. It wouldn't have cost him much timo to h;ivo named the whole lot. We aro likely eoon to have considerable activity ia the religious world. Oao gentle mini li -.; jmfc como to us from Scotland with Iho oi'vu and avowed object of stirring ttp tho ch'.'.iches to revival point, while another ii expected to arrive noxfc month from Kog. huvl with a. similar purposo ia view. Ifc is well, piriiups, that earnest And enthusiastic ' 'in should bo found prepared to sacrifice M&L;)evtoj^wtaofl^ ^t^hon fchairrbrothbt ol^rgyniealwhBije ribefii? thoy ^propose to revive. It is a singular fact that Divinity ia' the only one of tho learned professions that periodically ippe&ra; to feel the necessity of an ^external stimulus. No one has yet Attempted to intro duce greater xotivity into the dealings of lawyers with their clieata. It i9 felt that lawyers may bo left a!cko with, peifoct Bafety. Regerdiag phyaic, tiicre is some times indeed a revival among 'patients, but :that isf';:'a3 often tins to their disregarding tho advice of their dcctor3 as to any other cause If clergyni-3a received fees for the cure of Bonls as lawyer and doctor3 do for their services, there might' be no necessity for revivals. , The suggestion that the connecting line to Oakleigh sbonld for a part of its course run nearly ui the eame direction as the Hobson's Bay Kailvray is spoken of as an opan attempt at epoUatiou. .Nothing can be more absurd. It ia a mere question of pounds, shillings and peac;, and of public convenience. It h the duty of the State to make the connection in the meat direct and at the eame time in the most economical manner. Govern ment would bs Trilling to purchano the com pany's line at a fair valuation, but Parliament naturally objects to adding to the purchase money the prospective advantage of the GipDsland traffic. The company chose to hold out for an exorbitant price far in excess of the market value of the shares, in. the belief that the Government must in the end accede to the terms. The Government have both the right and the might to choose vrhat ever route will be most to the interests Gf the public ; and if thesa interests clash with the interests of the ? company, ihe tharc holdera ?will only have to thank the over reaching policy of their directors for it. Sach competition a3 there will be, if the direct lino ia decided on, will only Gtimulate both the Government and the company to use their best exertions, and the public will bs sure to bs the gainers. Sir Charles Gavan Daffy has acted wisely in arraying himaelf in the time-honored wig peculiar to the office of Speaker. Jf tho advice of our leading perrnqier had been taken Sir Charles MacMahon would never have lost the position. '.I often told him,'' he cai'J, 'that in the end the House would not stand it. Besides, if he had invested in a v?ig, membc-r3 would never have had the heart to depose him. What could he have done with it if ho ceassd to be Speaker ?' It 13 right to mention that the professional gentleman who3e words I quota had pre pared a wig in anticipation of an order from Sir Charles the First. By a sort of poetical justice it now adorn3 the head of .Sir Charles the Second. After a late libel case againal a Melbourne paper, a gentleman who once held a high position in our political world, and vzlio has after repeated failures succeeded in again getting into Parliament, summed up th^. case in the following word3:— 'It serves the proprietors of the paper right. They once had a fellow hired to blackguard me, ami now this fellov/- has been hired to black, guard themselves.' And yet the honorable gentleman who made the remark lately at tended a banquet given in honor of the 'fellow,' and spoke of him as if he had never Mackguarded anyone in the world, I like to see a true Chri&tian; epirifc of for giveness ? I can understand a protectionist and anti immigration Ministry sympathising with, the Queensland Government iuifca effort.! toatem boc-k the Mongolian invasion ; but, for the sake of consistency, tho advocates of free trado find immigration ahould at least pre serve a decent eilc-nce on the question. Oar free-traders, however, appear to draw the line eharply between white and yellow. We may cnbsidL'je the importation of labor from European commuuUie3 ; but they ' fully fjympathiae \7ith tho grievances of our fel* lov/'Colonista in Queensland,' because thou sands of Chinese flock to their chorea paying their own passage money. Wo are constantly told that every man added to a community increase, its wealth. Why then object to tho increase on account of its color '( If political economy M 'a science, surely it ehoald dkre gr;rd such accidental circumstances as birth place and n.co. To be consistent tho free tradera ohould welcome tlu- Chineso to our ehorca, and, like Oliver, 'aakfor more,' On Tuesday last I performed the melan choly duty of following tho rcmaiui of an old friend to tho grave. Everything v.'«) managed in the quietest manner. No ;xzrte, no h&ihxaitf;, no black gioveo, no coaches ; n^/1 J-\»# ^Tift Til rf !/??!* IflV r /?'/'! ilf'Uf. Tif i\lf\ Alt. ceased, no cno in MouruiDg. I happened to know tho undertaker, and chattel with him while tho 'grave v/ai being -tiikd up, 'Itaihsr quieter than t!io general run of funeral* ?' aafd /. ' J^'a Imrd to my how ifc will ond,' ho ausv/ored; 'do you know thera \/xn aa earihquakd iu town last night?' The new /tuneral reform movement appeared to hun to hare undo the vary earth uhftke. Dinner givor» would do well to marnhol their gueafc* %i theiable no M to bavo all tu? tootot*llew iitiiag by themoelvoa, A g^Uxam conjpkio'o4(|f»/n'o thfctat dinner tU» other d«y,be Y/Mt-\m& bviwita a high dignitary 0! the Good TcmpUra oa the right and a leading member of tbo BsohaWte body on tho left, The Good Templ»r inter, ceptod the passage of the bottle from one end of tho tablo, while the K«obabito cab off tf iriaT jo'.yi*! ?? member pE /Parliament' fitting opposite 7#iae; v- heKflaidi- ' utvho saw xay. ieolated^cdfiditipri, aud helped mo across tho table,- I'd have liad nothing to driuk. ' Aud, as it was, every glass of wino I took was made the text of a tempevauce di3courae.' How many porsong outside of the legal profession could answer tho question of 'when is Ililavy lorin?' O'Counell said that the martello tovvora in Ireland wero built for the purposo of puzzling posterity, but the names given to tho sittings of the Supreme Court iu Victoria aro fixed on ap« pareatly for the purpose of puzzling tho present generation. Easter ouo can under stand, but why Trinity, Michaelmas and Hilary ? Among the small legal reforms that niightbc initiated on the opening of our now law courts would bo tho renaming of the sittings of the Supremo Court in a manner that would bo intelligible to tho lay mind. A friend of niino living ia a rather lonely house in oufc of the suburbs is unfortunate enough to have liia premises infested with ghosts. A year or two ago his giooin committed suicide bylianging himself in the stable, and since then he has found it im possible to keep female servants in the house for more than a week or two. The policy of the household 13 to engage servants, who are ctrangera in the neighborhood, and batchers, bakara and milk people aro cautioned on pain of diccontinuanco of cus tom from saving a word about the unearthly visitor. l\o ghost is ever seen till tho new .girl begins to make friend3 with tho sur rounding Bridgets, but it invariably makes it-s appearance tho night after tho tale ia told. No later than Ia3t week a servant who Lad been in her placa for tho prolonged period of a month without being disturbed by anything supernatural rushed, about two o'clock in the morning, into tho bed-room where her master aud mistro33 lay sleeping peacefully ; and uoi&her; threats nor por euasions could iuduco her to withdraw till day began to dawn. A girl indifferent to ghosts would be highly valued, aud receive good wages from that small suburban family. 'i'he summing tip of a very long letter ou emigration in an English papsr, the Hereford Times, is rather amusing. Tho writer, who signs himself 'Bushman/' ha3 been to Vic toria, but returned, after an unsuccessful sojourn among us, to his native land to give his friends aud neighbors tho benefit of his experience. He winds up by eaying : ' I have seen and enjoyed life in the buah in all its variety, and 1 have come* to tho conclu sion that the persons who are mo3t adapted to succeed in the colonies are roguea and Chinaman, such persons doing well in any part of the globe ; aud, to paraphrase a well-known prefix, 'l\o honest men need apply.'' There u c&naolation; in this for the men who have not manage! to get ou among us. But still there aro a few rogues who have not yet managed to inako a fortune. A gentleman in tho civil service, for years paet in receipt of a good income, made it a constant matter of complaint that he never had a penny he could call his own. Tho fact was that hia wife, knowiug hia oxaofc salary, exercised a vigilant and no doubt judicious supervision over hia expenditure. For tho last few months this gentleman haar been detained at hio office three or four even ings in tho week working overtime, and bin wife complains in tho bitterest tormg that for this ho receives no extra pay. Whon the oppressed civil servant himself h spoken to about it, ho gently cloue3 ono eye, and a placid eoiile steals over J1L3 faco, . Ho doeeu't appear to bo norry that ho has to work over boars ; and ifc is remarked among hln friemlo that for the firofc (into oincc he haa been married ho appears to bo supplied with poekofc money. I admire tho inodeaty dbphxyed ia tho paragrapha furnished to tho nov/apapers this week about the 3000-gninea albert chain and lookefc manufactured to order by a Bourko street jeweller. Tho only hint givou by which ono could identify the owner of thuj fcUing of diamonds in that he in ' a profcgbiomtl gentleman in thia city.' Con»idering that now* o-dayfl almost everyone claims to be a profea. eiocal gentleman, nothing could bo raoro vague, and ifc in quite evident that nothing in tho chape of an advertisement was in tended. Ifcioa raoro matter of taato, but I wonder how many professional ' gentlemen' I'/ould accept tlio goiyjeoua chain aa a giffc, on condition that they nhould v/our it? There aro-fcojjio I know who would au soon think of going about their everyduy v/orit iu tv cockod hat and /cathcra an with thin thing in thoir Y/aiotco&fci.; Jfc h becau:o no ono even (jucaata who tho ' [irc/fomiio/ml (jonllc inau' in thut / ant (?Hibylde/ioti to maku tho.io remarl:H, ATl'lVUH. An ' adjourned mtoliuy, of p^r/:on,'j iitlfj tmUid iu the njfivc:»»cut for tho commemora tion of iho introduction ol i-/i«tiii;; \\-y X/'axtou into EtigUud v/i'/i hold id tho Loudon Tavern ou HututAny cvoniij/;, Mr. Wllliftma occupied tho clmir. t-omo discitffiiiou took placo as to tho ivAy hi v/h'wh the event should ba oolobratocJ, Add tut to the nianner iu which Any funds r»i«od might be diopoood of, but nothiu/f do/lnito wa» agreed 00/ A oommittoo, conalotiug of Mmt$. Williwnsi, rufccoaD, Hicks, Hy&a;, Hall «nd Skwlea ff« appolukid to tortw naoans of oolpbrating the event, a ropoffc ou the enbjeot to be submitted to a mocViajj lo bo hold oa 0Atard»y ovonin/;. - ' 