mae ~b r tfmp orf the 4qotng ,ee~th;y ' Os ·he a!Dto the ourand behen bahe~ Obre~hold. nof tdokto an;~d, Ifrthe feplr*yiI gaol the I2p~t anrftecy gntInto the 0, *laeound a ad b~twrenthe adw eynd. A et4Der~ fern. * cllimbing iug the coyly~l by Mm. pjs ihen they ;Os~ee tioot to ea Begrateful eilfreosa;·Id, hoel on to hedamp, her.~ her umile with armusement, or sigh with pity, remembering the recluse who tried to oheer his solitude by thesme evices. One recess Ield a single picture glowing with the warm splendour of the East. A diven, a Pernien rug, an amber-m,nuched acrgi?t, and a Tourkiah c?fe service, all gold and scarlet, completed the illusion. In another shadowy nook tinkled a little fountain guarded by one white-limbed nymph, who seemed to watch with placid intelget the curious sea-oreatures peopliog the basin below. The third showed a study- obair, a shaded lamp, and certain favourite books, left open, as if to be taken up again when thes mood returned. In one of these places Gladys lingered with fresh compeanion stirring at her heart, though it looked the least inviting of them all. Behind the earnkains of a window looking out upon the broad street on which the mansion faced stood a single otuir, and nothing more. " He shall not be so lonely now, if I can interest or amuse him," thought Gladyse, as bshe looked at the worq spot in the carpet, the crumpled cushion on the window.ledge; mute witnessre that Helwyce felt draw towards his kin, and found asomn solace in w.tching the notivity he could on longer Knowing that she should dnd him in the lih?ary, ihere most of his time was ipent, phe s~Ion weaded her way thither. The door atodh~p tablyope, ; and, asu ste approached, .she saw ?he two men standing together, marked, i never before, thi sharp coatreat between them, and felts glow of wifely pride .i thseoung hisband wboi she was Iearnoing to love with. all the araour of s pure and tender soul. " aniris was talking eagerly, an he turned thLb leaves of a thin ma?nus?sript which lay. between them. Halwyse listened, with his eyesgxed on the speaker so i.ntently that it startled the new-oomer, when, without a sound to wearen him of her approaoh, he turned suddenly upon her wiub the smile which deiled, without warming, those on whom it was shed. . "ibvee been chiding this esproiolusfellow for the haste which spoils the welcome I hoped to give you. But pardou'him, sione he brings the eunshine with him," he said, going to meet her, with genuoine pleasure int his face. "I could not have a kinder welcoms, sir. I wa glad to come; Fclia feared you mlght be heeding- him." '.80 duty brought him 'back a week too eon ? A poet's honeymoon should be along one; I regret to be the cause of its abridg ment." ..Something in the astirical glimmer of his eye misdes Gladys glanse st her husband, who spoke out flOankly "'tliere were other reuason. Gladys hates a crowd, and so do I. Bad weather made it lmpasible to be romantic, so we thought Jit best to come home sand be comfortable. 'I trust you will be; but I have little to ofer, sine the attractions of hall-a-dozen oltes could not estLafy yos." "indeed, we should be most ungrateful if We.were not happy here,"' cried Gladys, eagerly. "Only lc me te sseiul as well as happy, else I shall not deserve this lovely home you give us." S"She is anous to begin baher ministrations, and losu recommend her, for bshe Is qulok to leirn one's ways, patient with one's whims, trfttul in charming devisoes for amusement, and the best of comrades," said Canar?, drawing her to him with a look more grateful than fond. • 'Fr m that speecb, and other signs, I iuferohat Felix is aboutto leave me to your tender memries, and fall to work upon his new book; since it seems be. could not resist making poetry when he should have .been mtaking love. Are you not jealous of the ival wboesieale him from you, even before -hp honeymoon had set?" asked Heleyse, toauhing the little manuseript before him. S" Not if she makes him great, sad I san make him happy," answered Gladys, with an kin of perfect content and trust. "I warn you, the Maue is a jealous mis. tress, and will often rob you of him. Are ytofready to give him uip, and resign yourself to more preueoe ompanlonshlpf" ..'5'.Why need I give him up a se says I do not dit'rb him when'hp writes. He allowed me t sit beside him while be made these lovely songs, and watch them grow. Hereven let me-help with a word sametimes, and I oopled tie verses fairly, that he might see how beautiful they were. Did Inot, Felix ?" G?Indys spoke with sucoh inuoeoent pride, and slooked p ia her husband's face so gratefully, that he could not but thank her with sarese, as he said, laughing AtAl that was only play. r've had my holiday, and now I must work at a task in which no cue ?on help me. Come snd see the de 'where I shut myself up when the divbine frcsy sei?se me. Mr. Helwyse is gabler, and only lests me out when I have done my stint." SFull of some plesuurable excitement, COanaris led his wilfe across the room, threw open a door, and bade her look in. Like a 'oriloe child, hes peeped, but saw only a amall. bare coabinet de tmamil S"No room, you see, even for a little thing like you. None dare enter here withonut my keeper's leave. Remember that, ese you may ftres like Bluebeard's Patima." Canarm Spoke gayly, and turned a key in the door with a warning click,as he glanced over his shoulder atHelwyase. Gladys did not see the lobLk, but something in his words seemed to disturb her. " I do not like this plane, it is close and dark. I think I shall not want to come, even if yout aore here ;" and, waiting for no nwplj, she stepped out from the chill of the unused room, is if glad to escape. " Mysterious Iotuition I she felt that we Lbead a skeleton in here, though it is snuch a little one,, whispered Catnaris, with an un easy laugh. "Such a sensitive plant will fare ill between us, Ilam afraid," answered Helwyase, as he followed her, leaving the other to open drawers and settle pasBra, like one euger to begin his work. Gladys was tuanding in thefull glare of the fire, as if its cheerful magki ould exercise all dark fancies. Hewye eyertbho white figre for an inetant, feeling that hi lonely heath atone had acquired a new charm; then joined her, cayig quietly- "Thi ls the place where Felix and I hate lived together for nearly two years. Do you like it?'" "Mere than [ can tell. It does not seem atrabie to me, for he has often described it; sand when I thought of coming here, I wa more curious to see this room than any other." "It will be all the plesanter henneforth if elix aon spare you to me sonmetimes. Come d see the corner I have prepared, hoping to Syou here when he shuta us out. It to he his; so you will like it, I think." a paced slowly down the long room, beside him, saying, as she looked hungrily p booko I and, doubtless, you have hubt you may, if you will. place; come often, and be il disturb me." my on the little table, and ver lettered, shone ageinst vitingly thatldys took ee s an she her she kuewa'nd "It amuses me to do these little things, and you must humour me, as Felix does You shall pay for them in your own coin. so there need be no sense of obligation. Rest satisfied I shall get the best of the barnin." Before she could reply, a servant appeared, announced dinner,o and vanishedas noiselessly as he eame. "?This has been a becl;elor establishment so long thabt we are grown carelese. If you will pardon all deecieneiee of costume, we will not delay installing Madame Caoaria in the place she does us the honour to fill, "Bot I am not the mistreae, sir. Plese ehange nothing; my place at home wae a very humble one; I am afraid I anoon,t fill the new one a I ought," atammered Gladys, somewhat dismayed at the prospect which the new name and duty euggesced. "You will have no care, except for us. Mrs. Bland keeps the machinery running smoothly, and we lead a very quiet life. My territory ends at that door; all beyond is yours. I chiesy haunt this wino, but sometimes roam about below stairs a little, a very harmless ghost, so do not be alarmed if you should moet me." Helwyue spoke lightly, and tapped at the door of the den as he passed. "Come out, slave of the pen, and be fed.' Canaris came, wearing a preoocupied air, and sauntered after them, as Hlalwyse led the new mistress to her place, shy and rosy, but resolved to do honour to her husband at all coasts. Her first act, however, gave them both a slight shock of surprise; for the instant they were seated, Gladys laid her hands together, bent her head, and shispered Grace, as it obeying a natural impulse to ask Heaveo's blessing on the Brot bread she broke in her new home. Theeffect of the devoutly simple seact was charauteristically shown by the three observers. The rervanot poused, wirth an uplifted cover in his hand, respectfully atonshed ; Canoaris looked intensely anunoyed; end Belwyse leaned back ith the aUggeSation of a shrug, as he glanced critically from the dimpled bands to the nugget of gold that shone against the bended neck. The instant she looked up, the man whisked off the silver cover with an air of relief ; Canarie fell upon his bread like a hunty boy, and Halwyze tranquilly began to talk. " Was the surprise Felix prepared for you a satifrotoryouet Olivia oand I took pleasure in obeying his directions." "It was lovely I have not thanked him oet, but I shulL You, also, sir, in some better way than words, What made you think of it?" she asked, looking at Cnaris with a mutf reqtiest for pardon of her involuntary offence. Glad to rush into speech, Canaris gave at some length the history of his fancy to repro dunoe, as nearly as be eould, the little room at home, which she had deenribed to him with regretful minuteness; for she had sold every tbhig to py the debts which were the sole legacy her father left her. While they talked, Heiwyse, who ate little, was observing both. Gladys looked more girlish than ever, in spite of theningled dignity and anxiety her quiet but timid air betrayed. Canaris seemed in .high spirzte.'talklong rapidly, laughinog oftec, and glanoinog about hIlu as if goad to be again where nothing lnharmouioue disturbed his taste and comfort. Not till desert was on the table, however, did he own, in words, the feeling of voluptuous satisfaction which was esnhaneed by the memory that he had been rash enough to riLk the loss of all. " It is nsot so very terrible, you see, Gladys. You eat and drink like a bird; but I know yon enjoy this as moeh as I do, after those detestable hotels," he said, detecting an expression of relief in his young wife's face, as the noiseless servant quitted the room.for the last time. ' Indeed I do. It is so pleasant to have all one's senses gratified at once, and the common duties of life mode .beautiful and eay," answered Gladys, surveying with feminine appreclation the weilappointed table ihich had that air of accustomed eleganeos so grateful to fastidious taxtes. "Sh, hal this little ascetic of mine will beoome a" Sybarite yet, and agree with me that enjoyment is a duty," excloimed Canaris, lookting very like a young Boooh?a, as he held up his wine to watch itarioh colour, and iohale Its bouquet with aest. "The more delinate the senses, the more delate e the delight. I auspeot Madame finds her grapes and water as delioious as you do your olives and old wine," said Helwyxo, inding a still more refned satisfaction than either in the pretty contrast between the purple grapes and the white fingers that pulled them apart, the softly curling lips that were the rosier for their temperate draughts, and the unspotled simplicity of the girl litting there in pearls and shimmering silk. "' When' one has known poverty, and the sad shifts which make it seem mean, as well as hard, perhaps one does unduly value these things. I hope I shall not; but I do find them very tempting";' she said, thoughtfully yeing the new usene in which she found hsvaalf. Helwyse seemed to be absently listening to the musiosl sbime of silver against glasins; but he made a npte of that hope, wonderlog if hardship had fiveo her more of its auatere virtue than it had her husband. " How shall you resist temptation ?" he asked, curiously. , "I shall work. Thin is dangerously pleasant; so let me bein at once, and sing, while you take your ooles in the drawing room. I know the way come whenyoun will, I shall be ready;" and G?ldya rose with the energetio expression which often broke through her native gentleness. Canaria held the door for her, and was about to resume5 his seat, when Helwyase cheoked him "We will f?llow at once. Was I not right in my prediotion ?" he asked, as they left the room together. "That we should soon tire of each other ? You were wrong in that." "I meant the ease with which you would soon learn to love." "I have not learned yet." " Then this visvaity is a cloak for the pangs of remoes, is it?"' and Helwyne laughed inoredulonsly. " No;it is the satisfaction I already feel Inthe atonement I mean to make. I have a grand idea. I, too, shail work, and give Gladys reason to be proud of mes, if nothing more." Something of her own energt was in his mien, and it behame him. But Helwyze quenobhed the toble ardour by saying, coldly. " Isee; it is the old passion under a new name. May your virtuous aspirations be hlesti" 