THE BUNKUM1 DESPA.TCHES. Fnot oun ows CORRESPONtENTS. ELECTION INTELLIGENCE. P.DDLETOwN, Friday. + ere eve-crything promises well for the cause of order and the constitution. Mr. Snocks (Liberal) has secured all the public houses, so that not a drop of drink can be obtained by a gagger, for love or money. Mr. Timlothy Tate has mounted his swallow tail, and does duty for Snooeeks every day front ten to one on the Boulevard. ' A dis tingaished M. IP. and member of the prize ring addressed the electors last night at the Green Dragon, menacing themwith "punched heads" in the event of their plroving recreant to Sneeks. There is a rumour of a split in the Liberal camp, by which the soul of Sneeks is greatly troubled. JureTisstu , Friday. There are S21 electors here, and not one of them will take money or a bribe of any sort. Yesterday and to-day 'Mr. fM. L. Queen was driven through Sludgeville and Upper Claytown, and was every where re ceived by the electors with the greatest en thllusiasl, LATErST TEL.ILI.r. Further inquiries have elicited that of the 821 electors, 330 are l'Protetionists, 275 Free-traders, 19 are in the lunatic asylum, and three are in gaol. The remaining 194 are strictly corruptible, and it is all-ged that Mr. Mluggles has offered them £3 a head. Mr. Bunkunm, who is in Gipps Land, has been telegraphed to on the subject, and has wired back that money to him is of no im portance. As money is of the utmost im portance to the electors referred to, it is thought that Queen will go to the wall un less he comes down handsomely with the ore. S.Lsxn.xcK, Friday. W care in the Itmost consternation, ouwing to the base conduct of the rival candcdates, w'ho have coalesced in order to cfleat the electors, atd refuse to pay anytling Dad det (Ministerialist) has offetred his opponent a Government billet of £500 a year to retire, which has been accepted. We are sendling in all directions for a candidate, and sooner than elect either of those who have attenipted so vile a ftund, we will return our resl,ected billsticker, iS: Pastepot. Truly, a Reform Bill is greatly needed. GI:EENi]ILTON, Friday. In this model district there are eight can didates, only two of whom can be elScted. The popular nman is Pranks, who made £3O0,000 last yearlby jobbing, and it is stated that lihe and Gumbo have brought up all the electors, and that the other six candidates have not the ghost of a chance, and will cer tainly lose each of them his £50 deposit money if they go to the poll. Political hon esty is at a discount here. [Strrenicra of Comsittiero not Corresil),Oe!Ie, it: l cnera arc reoirotkd to tc tnrsieili rill suptn g t ollly wilh reliable iulfunlbatioll.t TILE Little River correspondent of the IBacchus 5Irsh Exspre.s writes as fol lows :--"A meeting of the Little Itiverbraueh of the National Reformn League was held is tie Primitive Methodist Chtacl oil Monday evenug, tile 19th inst., Mir. Coniop in thile chair. There miight be a dozen memibers pre sent. 'Passing over the act of desecration in holiti nmeetints of such an order in a build tng dedicated to Ilhe worlship of GCod, more especially when a public hall is at all times tvailable, I will proceed to relate some of the cedings, as reported to nme, which took e t this mecting. I trill premise by [ing it tour local candidate for 1'arliam throug ?r., Mr. Recs, was present, hay state that -t froml a cauvassing tour the recognise -torate. I should further Sa.rty here. Itia local plracher, r.a wtintch the mcttiigs'e of the stontewall to that lie is in the pratctt e buihliung in of glad tidings of peace and '..te are held Is nit a Suntay. Another ca? oth the peoplc's suffrages, an Mi.., was men Iiappening to be in the townslsil tha and being led to nnders and -that O toe lihad been convened for the purpose of hearing !Mr. tees give an exposition of his political - creed, lie tlought there could be no harm int i- Jstrropping iin, m?iat'laring,iZerlsaps, some new lpolitical truths. Tne keen eye of the chairmanll detected himsat oncee, and he swas introduced by name to the meeting, but instteul of being welcomed with pleasure lhs presence sceetedt rather to act like the fall tf a wet blanket on the fire of their oratory, at least for a t:me. By and bye, however, their cervous censtre regained its tone, aud Mr. Rees treated them to a glowin:g account t f his canvassing perambulations, describing hiow that lie had gone forth, and seen, and found himself famous. This statement was jubilantly received. The chairman then in troduced the subject of the A:le indemnity fund, and in a tluilling speech, streaked with oratorical lourishes, peculiat ly his own, made a boll appeal to the pass.ons, and a bolder dash at the purses if his audience, on Iclhalf of that persecuted and most deserving public journal-the friend of the peolte, the chain pion of liberty, the fountain of trutlh, and the guardian of public honour. The cmeeting, for a little while, satenwral.tin silent admiration. Rlecovering from the .ttnning effect of the chairmnan's oratorical artillery, some one mildly suegested that he (the chairman) might head the subscription list himself. This he inagnanimously consented to do with a dona tion of one shilling. Another one said lie would give half-a-crown, and a third, with stentorian voice, ordered his name to be put down also, "and," said he, after a pause, "say I'm very sorry." Mr. Lear, who had entered in company with the M.'., thought thlnt, as the Ape hail Ieen fouind guilty of using libellous andunjusstifiable aInnuage, the proprietors ought to have tile mastlinuess to pay the tine at Iionce, and not lower their jour tal still fnurther in public estimation bysend ilug round the hat as they were doing, antl-so placieg themselves in the position of pIublic mendlicants. This deliverasce brought down a slhower of reonarks more pointed than polite, but failed to 1tring forth anotllher shilling to indemnity fund. Your correspondent's last communication criticising the abilities and piroslects of the coutending Parliamenariaeary ca?ntlidtlates was next referred to. Upoin Mr. lIees peremltorily declining to hear it read, an obscure individual exclaimedl that the writer of the article woaull sell hiulself for £59. Being challeniged afterwards for ans expllanation he bIecame suddenly impressed with the belief that discretion was the better part of valour, andt said hle would go home. Matters apparcitly getting rather too warn to be pleasitt, M[r. IRees suggested thatthelC meetingshould be adjourneld, and asked them to name the day they shloult meet again. n" Oh," interjected Mr. Lear. "say Sn~lsay, ic lwhldn thile minister will lI hSere, and give you e hlis assistance in coniductite g the proceedings ir withl that spirit of decorum they are so pro r verlial for." This pointed allision was too rs keen to be borne with equanimitv. M:r. Rees id having delivered hiliself of a round if deuui as ciation, extinguished the lights, and closed , thie discussion while tile M.P. above referred e. to was in tile act of proposing a vote of thanks ci to the chairman." of The best wisdomi is to see human vweakness, a yet not despise human nature. at Many adhere to a creed only because they g hate the opposite creed. S 'Though there are many "good-natured st fools," ill-nature is niot wvisdom. m A Curious Coincidenco.-The Prime Minis. Sters of Eingland and France are both Jews, Ie, atdl both s ore born on tile samne day of the n- montlh, the last day "of tlihe year; but -s enjamin Disraeli was borne snml years e before Jules Simon. .i- A ctizx of Eum eka. having occsion to go hous e rather onexpectedlyn nigetor twb since, I caught a geutlemans acquaiutanhe in the uact sa of-kissing his wife. Ot relating the circum as stalce tona fr:end, he was asked if hie punished li- the guilvy couple and replied: " No, not as exacstly : but they must have seen fromn tihe :re way I slammed the door tlhat I was not satis ic, tied." c Near Iiclhmond, Vs., a wifoe lay in a djring ' condition. Having brought up a clever orphns to girl, who wvas grown. the dyitng woman o called sy the young wvolman to hetr and eaid : " I, will tot soon have yon miy little chlildtren mothlerless. S'They know you athd love you, and after I am Sgone I want yo andl miy hushibi to miarry." e The yoing womnan deeply affected, hirst into td tears, and said l: "We Wei~e just talking se, about that." to - - - he TuE annual meeting of the WTVilliams sir town Football Club will be held at the IMe-. s chanices' Institute on Thursday evening. , of Io For continuation of readingmattr see Sr: foursh puige., +- - :+ 