DRESSING UNDER. DIFFICULTIES. The Tasmanian Main Line Hail way, in addition to being likely to rise to a ''cause celebre," is, we believe, destined to figure in some future romance and tale in the usual manner in which trains are made t» work and perform their parts in sensational novels of the Ainsworth, Lewis and Wood style. The latest skit has it, that a certain gentleman, an occasional resident in our town, had to leave by train for Lannceston the next morning ; so knowing the effects that nobblerising has on one's capabilities for early rising, he very wisely ordered a cab to call at his lodgings at such a time the next morning as to secure his sure and certain departure. Obedient to command, at the time appointed, cabby rattled up to the good man's residence, but no passengers were there awaiting his arrival, and Jehu was puzzled. An accident, by no means of an uncommon occurrence, had happened, and prevented the intended fare from being a& punctual to his engagement as " le charretier " would have wished. The truth is the good man had overslept, and while Jehu was grumbling and in the strongest English expressing his disapprobation of thus being kept unnecessarily waiting, the expected " fare " was fast in the arms of Morpheus ; but on receiving the announcement that it was rime to rise and prepare for the journey that was before him, he, recollecting the circumstances of the previous evening, and" above all his appointment, threw off dull Bleep, sprang out of bed, and looking at the time piece that merrily ticked over the mantelpiece, found to his indescribable horror tiiat it barely wanted ten minutes to the time the train started, and in that brief space he. would have to wash, -dress, and perform the very essential, to a full-fledged: gentleman, duties of the toilet The thing was impossible, and dark despair was just beginning-to take possession -and -"settle o'er his mind " when a happy thought struck the miserable man. Why, he could throw over his night clothes his old black cloak, ; " well trashed and neat," which was, poetry aside, none other than an unpretentious. but by no means uncomfortable. or inconvenient Ulster great coat, and his clean white shirt and its appurtenance, a collar, he could append to his portmanteau, and thus apparelled, no one being any the wiser as to the nature of the undergarment, could with an easy mind take his passage to the station and "bis seat in the railway carriage. When he arrived there the train was about to start, but our friend managed to secure a ticket and scrambled into a first-class carriage, which, as ill-lack would have it. was occupied by some ladies and four or five young swells óf the first water, who stared uncommonly bard at the seedy " sleeply-looking, onkempt, and mysteriously-dressed individnal who unceremoniously intruded, with the accompaniment of a carpet-bag and parcel attached thereto. Every look-was a dagger to the heart of poor L—— (for that was the first initial of his name), who was always most scrupulous in points of dress, as every gentleman is, or should be, and who always prided łiimnJf on malring an impression on the profanut tvigvz by his personal appearance, as well as on the ladies, to whom lie flattered himself to be irresistible.. He was not, as will be readily expected, this time very imposing, nor. in the. least impressive. But 'better times were on the wing/ the taain was about to pass through the. tQnnel, and a new light, a sudden in- ^lirahon, eeemed to t-break in opon T-his mind with the thought that whilst this pn^er^róund. ^ g ^ e ^as.. been jmtde, ps"of iths jiateful tinder-gBrmente, and «n due himself In what ire .shall,'' to spare the: delicacy of .Ihe tmlortnnate 1 gendeman, call ant chetnite blanche. So just as the carriage was entering the Tegidh of d&rkness.; as quick as thought Mr L- •jptilled offthe unoffending overcoat, and and its immedife Ekin.compaBMa, Ip rofe de ntut, and therijinBdel a violent rush into the ćiean shirt; bnt Idas"!" the' wristbands and., neckband were boftpned aa, fast ss' iiew ' buttons' cotilS make them. Tn an ogony of spirit eaaer to be conceivedthac described.witŁacoldperspilaiton starting &om;«veiy ipore,;-be tnsjie auptaliuman ieffort to free -himself from the unfortunate dilei&mahy; łryibg lrathńr feAanifllr ^eJjo&S; 1^' " le «ieniin convert," glided intojŁe light of day,"aófi discovered to ^oocopaixta S ^ W ghost In a fog, tótting irat right and left, whflonmk^Btsametimeannpw»rd:per- •pexidiwlsr anovemait, *o find apassage S W for WB «bnfi»ed head, t.r ««> two aroiE.ihatwereso widdenlr^twb^in theircourefe ffiirougb a ehirtrieevesby'Mes bcrator^^'MJast, *m&r;,:we^'wonlj,-^...- ńobW pOTtiim ofijthe JmrnMstructare, | p-.ignacy _ of fce.ing _ which n^ue but those that have been similarly circumstanced could imagine, the ladies in the utmost confusion, some shutting out the Lorried apparition by hiding their faces in their hands • others with cheeks " that but an hour ago blushed at the praise of iheir own loveliness," now scarlet red with the terrible thought of seeing in all its steru reality, the sight of " beauty unadorned adorned the most, " being thus so unexpected. yet partially obtruded on their tin willing gaze, while the gentlemen were vainly endeavoring to stifle die almost uncontrollable laughter that such grotesqueness provoked, although it must be confessed that some were nut without their misgivings as to having for a companion a nianiac, or, at least, a being under the influence of strange supernatural, prehaps diabolical agency. To spare the feelings of the man, as well as those of the ladies which would be further shocked and offended by an extended recital of these horrors, we will draw a veil over the rest of the proceedings, having an ardent or inventive imagination to supply the remaining act of such a laugh-provoking comedy ; but, first, for the satisfaction of our readers, we will say, we have it on good authority that at the next station, Mr L., with the greatest imaginable alacrity, betook himself to another and still unoccupied carriage, there to brood over a misfortune that, though as vnforseen as uncontrollable, shed a melancholic gloom, -that, at times assumed .the tinge of madness over the mind of the miserable one who, like a man ibat views a scene through the medium of green spectacles, and fancies earth, sky, sea, and air being the same verdant color as the glasses he wears, saw for the rest of his journey nothing but the mocking vision of a carriage full of people wildly laughing at him fighting fearful odds to secure the lusury of a change of clean linen. —Tribune. Be beforehand with Disease.—Trifling derangement beget serious diseases. Wlien yon feel " out of sorts," languid and despondent, yon may be pretty sure that yon lack vitality, and that the bodily functions are imperfectly performed, and yon will do well to infuse fresh energy into the waning forces of your system. By so doing yon wQl anticipate disease and avoid serious danger. For this end, ose UDOLPHO WOLFE'S SCHIEDAM ABO MATIC SCHXAPPS. 