RELIGIOUS SERVICES. ST. KILl'AN'S CHURCH. '■ Pontifical High Mass was celebrated yesfcer. day lit this church by His Lordship Bishop Crane, the occasion being the close of the mis sion which has been held'during the past fort night,' and also the administering of the rita of^eonUrination. The choir rendered Haydn's Mass. No. G iu a very effective manner. On the altar there were four priests besides the bishop, apportioned as follows:—Father Murphy, as sistant l'riest: Father Carolin, deacon; Father O'Connel, sub-deacon; Or. Kcville, master of ceremonies. After mass had been performed, a sermon was earnestly and effectively delivered by the Very I!ev. Nicholas Crane, O.M.I. The rev. gentleman chose for his subject the 14th chap. St. John, '2(ith verse, "But the Paraclete the Holy Ghost, whom the father will send in liiy name, he will teach you all things, and bring all things to your mind, whatsoever. I shalf have said to you." The souls that had strayed from the Divine Spirit, could be again sanctified by the Holy Ghost, It was well to consider the functions of the Divine Spirit. The graces of the Holy Ghost received in baptism were strengthened by confirmation. No person was exempt from suffering; there were sufferings from diseases, and numbers of other afflictions. It was useless to try to find a comforter amongst Christians, and some souls were comforted in their trial by the Holy Ghost. The rich received slight comfori on account of their means, but if anyone had the misfortune to become poor there was no one to calm their troubled heart. There were many persons suffering from poverty and perse cution, but who were filled with the Holy Ghost. The Divine Spirit was our comforter. - If anyone was afllicted by bodily ailment the first thing they did was to seek _ a ski'fnl physician, and when afflicted by spiritual ail ments, they needed a skilful physician to heal their soul, and it was only the Divine Spirit who could do that. It was God alone who could erable sinners to arise from the ailments in which they are plunged. The soul should be the dwelling place of the Holy Ghost, and if it was not lurking there, all labor was thrown away. It required God to infu-e .,:fe into souls full of nin. It was t.ae our Sa\lour died on the cross for our sake, but it was the Divine Spirit that gave life to the soul. The Holy Spirit was sent to _ guard us in life and death, and under its protection we need fear no evil, provided our souls were in a state of sanctity. These were some of the functions which the Divine Spirit exercised in our souls. When Christ ascended to heaven his disciples felt they had need of a comforter in their great work, and reti"ing they beseeched God to fulfil his promise of the descent of the Holy Ghost. They should pray that the world would not lead them from the Almighty, for if any man had the love of the world in him tho Holy Ghost could not reside within him. "We must seek the kingdom of Gold, and must not set our hearts on this world, for unless our souls are sanetitied the receiving of the' Holy Spirit was of 110 avail. The disciples of God prayed for and received it, and we should seek for the Holy Spirit to abide within, our souls: Mortal sin was the only obstacle to receiving the Holy Ghost, which would not remain iu the soul which violates the precepts of Almighty God. They should keep the g.'ace of the Holy Gho3t in their hearts, and continue to walk in the ways of God. After the sermon was concluded, the recipients of tho sacred rights qf confirmation to the num ber of between 200 and 300 wore addressed by His Lordship the Bishop on the sacred rite they were about to receive. He impressed on their minds tlie fact of what misery would be visited on them by receiving unworthily, and concluded by an earnest exhortation for them to lead good and virtuous lives for the future. The boys were first continued, inaluding among their number some adults, by kneeling before the bishop and being blessed and annointed. Tho g'rls were all attired in white dresses and hoods, and viewed from any part of tho church presented a very enlivening appearance'. After the ceremony of confirmation was concluded, all the confirmtfs were again addressed by the bishop on the sacrament.that had been administered. Iu the evening, Pontifical Vespers were cele brated. From the time the doors of the church were opened (half-past five) till the service commenced, the largest congregation that ever assembled in the church had congregated. Tho doors had to be closed half-an-hour before the service commenced, owing to the crush, and sitting accommodation had to be provided in the vestry and on the altar. A very earnest sermon was preached by the Very Rev. Nicholas Crane, from Mathow, 18th chap. — "If thou wilt enter into the kingdom of God keep the commandments." The sermon was delivered with great emphasis and spiiit, and the rev, preacher, from the time he ascended the altar until the close of his address, rivetted tho attention of his auditors. In connection with the singing of the clio:r in the evening two especial features deserve mention, viz.. a solo, O, salutaris," by Miss O'SuVivan, and a duet entitled, " Tantum ergo," by Miss Eudd and Mr. M. Macoboy. Before the beued'etien the .renewal of the baptismal vows was performed by tho whole congregation holding lighted candles in their hands, and reciting after tho priest vows special to the occasion. 