to the editor of the courier. Sir, — It is »ay derire (though not -a minister of the gospel) to give an . answer, - in the words of Holy Scripture, to the request of " An Enquirer" to know the way of salvation, as set froth in the word of God ; and briiering, with Mr Picton, that baptism is of " secondary importance" to faith in Christ Jesus, I shall, in the first place, quote those passages of Scripture which present the Lord Jesus only for the smner'6 aocepanc?. Hoping that 14 An Enquirer" will bear in mind that faith is only the band by which we grasp or accept the Lqr- Jesos Christ, and that Be and He alone is the only Saviour — not repentance, faith, or good works. The glorious Gospel of the ever blessed God ; for it is the power of God unto salvation to every one that be lie veth: to the Jew first and also te the Gentile. For therein is the righteousness of God revealed from frith to faith, as it is written, Tbe just shall live by faith ; faith cometh by hearing, and hearing by the word of God. The word which God sent unto the children of Israel, preaching peace by Jesus Ghrist (He is Lord of all): that word, ye know, which was published throughout all Judea, audbeg&n; frbm Galilee, after the baptism which John preached. How God anointed Jesus of Nazareth with the Holy Ghost and with power, who went about doing good, and healing all that were oppressed of the devil, for God was with Him; and we are witnesses of all things which He did, both in toe land of the Jews and in Jerusalem; whom they tlew and hanged on a tree; Him God raised up the third day, and showed Him openly; not to all the people, bnt urto witnesses chosen before God Even to us, who did eat and drink with Him after He rose from the dead. And Ho commanded ns to preach unto toe people, and to tes tify that it is He which was ordained of God to b: the Judge of quick and dead. To Him give all toe prophets witness, that through His name whosoever briieveth in Him shall receive remission of Thatif thooshalt confess with thy month the Lord Jetus, and shalt believe in thine heart that God hath raised Him from tbe dead, thou shaft be saved. For with the heart man believeth unto righteousness, and with tbe month confession is made unto salvation. For toe Scripture srith, whosoever believeth on Him shall not be ashamed. Fro there is no difference between the. Jew and the Greek : for tbe same Lord over all is rich unto all that call upon Him. For whosoever shall call upon tbe name of the Lord shall be saved. For who- sover believeth that Jesus is the Christ, is born of God. As many as received Him, to tbem gave He power to become ihe sons of God, even to them that believe on His came. Which were born, not of blood, nor ef the will of the flesh, nor of the will pf man, but. of God. . How it Ss the privilege and duty of all who believe in the Lord Jeus, who put their trust in Him for salvation, to confess their frith in Him by being baptised— not to be saved, bnt because they are saved In so doing, they testify that they behove in His death find resurrection for them, and their death and resurrection with Him— that they are one with Him who loved and gave Himself for them. Scrip tures referred tor— Bomans U 16, 17 ; Bomans x, 17; Acts x, 3, 13; 1 John V, 1 ; John i, 12, 13. Truth. 