MISS MISANTHROPE.* By Jubtxu M'Cabtht, Author ot" Dear I*df Disdain." tea. Chapter XXXL 'and even fob lovh wa.ii bust love in babth." When Minola made that sadden confession to Mary Blanohet which was told in a former chapter, ahe did it under the impales of a feeling which ahe could no more restrain than Bhe oonla explain it After it was done ehe wee sorry, perhaps, that she had * The right of republishing " Miss Misanthrope" baa been purchased by the proprietor* of " the Anatrai* made the confession, bat she hwd no f«*r tbst it would be betrayed. Devoted ea Mary wee to her brother, Minola felt certain that she would never lei one word of each a secret escape from her to him; and Minola did not even consider the possibility of her tailing it to anyone else. They hardly spoke of .s afterwards. Minola only once impressed on Mary the necessity of keeping it the profonnd est Becret, which, to do the poetess justice was hardly necessary. If there was one obli* gation which Mary respected above all others, it was the confidence of a woman's love secret. She became, if possi ble, more de voted than ever to her leader; first, because the leader had proved herself a very woman by having a love-secret, and, next, because Mi nola had confided the secret to her. Mary did not ask who the hero of the secret story might be. She easily got to know that Mr. St. Paul was not the person; because by ques tions and by inferences she came to under stand that he had reaily offered himself for the place, and had not been accepted. This waB a subject of immense delight and pride to Mary. In her wildest dreams of day or night; she bad never hoped for such an honour as to bave a friend who had refused the son of a duke. Mo matter abont the character of tbo duke's son; no matter if he was cast off by his own family and his own class; all the same he waB the son of a duke—nothing could alter that. He, then, being out of the way, it was not, perhaps, very difficult for the astute Mary to guesB at the real person; and it did indeed seem to her a great mis fortune to her leader to have fallen into an attachment so hopeless as that must be. Still, the sympathies of MiBB Blanchet were always rather with hopeless than with hopeful at tachments. Minola became in her eyes only all the more interesting, all the more beauti ful, all the more womanly and queenly, ba cause of this unhappy love. One great advantage Minola gained by her sudden outburst of confession was that Mary ceased from that time forth to tell her of her brother's love and disappointment. But Mi nola did not know that Mary grew rather more hopeful about her brother than before. Since Miss Grey absolutely could not marry the man she loved, there was all the more chance that she might resign herself to marry some one who at least loved her. When Vic tor Heron was married once for all, then, per haps, Mary thought, Minola might begin to reconcile herself to realities. Herbert Blanchet's chance might come then, after all. Meanwhile a marked change for the bettor was coming over Blanchet himself. He really had been awakened, as a certain class of pious person might say, to a sense of the goodness that was in life and in some human hearts. He had bad these feelings stirred within him for the first time by Minola's spontaneous kindness. He fell in love with Minola, and he grew ashamed of himself, and the pitiful affectations of his life. He asked her to love him, and he was refosed, as we know, but very kindly and considerately. Minola shewed, perhaps, only too much consideration for bis feelings. She assured him that she had no intention to marry, and that in any case she could not say she felt for him any of the sentiments he professed to feel for her. He went away not without hope, and he set himself to work to redeem his life from the reproach of idleness. Mrs. Money, as we know already, took him lately under her Bpecial care as helper of unhappy men. Per haps Bhe guessed well enough what where his pains and his hopes. He went to see her often, at hours, as she took care it should be, when Minola was not likely to ba there. Mrs. Money grew more and more fond of him as she helped him on, and perhaps thoaghtit would not be a bad thing for either if in the end Minola came to marry him. " The dear child mnst marry Borne one in the end," Mrs. Money took for granted, and, as she had means enough of her own, why might she not marry this handsome and gifted yonng fellow ! Why might she not come to love him? Of all these ideas Mrs. Money communicated none to her husband, for Bhe knew that he had ideas of his own on the same subject which were not the same as hers. For once, Mr. and Mrs. Money were, aa regarded a girl's settlement in life, almost as mnch divided as Mr. and Mrs. Page. Under the inflaenoe of her ideas, however, Mrs. Money was deter mined to extend a helping hand to the poet. She induced her husband to exert his influenos so far on Blanchet's behalf as to recommend him to some newspaper editors whom Mr. Money knew, and to obtain for his talents as a writer of light and brilliant articles a chance of BncceBB and pay. The poet went to work very steadily. He joined with a literary friend to tike chambers in the Temple; he renonnoed poetry for the present, nntil he should have shown that he really had in him a capacity for hard work, and until some inspiration shonld arise compelling him to attempt a poem, and therefore proving him a man of at least poetic calling. In truth, the meaning of all this was that Blanchet was disappointed, was peni tent, was disposed to blame himself for his failure hitherto—another and very subtle and satisfying mood of self-conceit—and that he was ready to plunge from extreme of self indulgence to extreme of self-restraint. In all this, however, he was working still with a purpose and a hope. He had in his life experienced most things except pros perity. He had fallen on bad chances and into a bad school for a petulant and fitful nature like his. He had been left for the most part to a companionship which had little regard for the manly virtues of cha racter. He had consoled himself for disap pointments and failures by wrapping himself in a ragged mantle of self-conceit, and affec tation, and cynicism. It was easier to talk and think with scorn of an unappreciating world than to work patiently to deservn appreciation. The break-down of all thai bis strong love for Minola and her generou kindness, together wrought on him so as to dispose him for more wholesome straggles and a fresh life. His self-conceit now worked in a new form. He was strongly persuaded that Minola was only trying what he could do in the way of manly straggle and achieve ment before she listened to him, and he told himself that the present was, after all, only a period of probation. Once he allowed some hope of this Mnfl to escape him in talking with his deter, and aha did not wholly discourage it. Some whisper, some half-breathed, ""^wiwi utteranoe of here, filled him, however, withe terrible suspicion. He had pever hctorc thought of the possibility of Mini Grey loving anyone if she did not love him. His always complacently regarded her as he regarded fame, as something which, pvhairp has tobe wooed amid disappointments, and which may not oome all at onoe or without trouble; but whioh was sure to be his portion when he had exerted hirnaeU enough tto deserve it. The new suspicion breathed bo unconsciously ihto his mind t» poor Mary filled it withaetettito Sower. It n^d him day and night. It tewed im suddenly and almost completelyfroeUtis steady work^of^ mtf-improvemenk . HsIMt ' and find out '• Them never could have been a sermon against suspicion and against mean watchful neu half so impraoaivo as the nm total «1 what tip euepi done and his spying? co3t Heibert Bianciiet, if hecouid have known it. Min ola had heard of his steady work from Mrs. Money as well as from Mary, and she was glad of the improvement, and felt a higher respect for him because he had not allowed himself to be wholly crumpled up by a disap pointment in love. When all was first known between her and Victor Heron, Bhe felt so miserable and so guilty that she could have found it in her heart to wish Bhe had married anyone, or gone to the other end of the world, or drowned herself, rather than have Lucy and Heron and herself entangled in such a miserable web of perplexity, and of some thing like deceit. One dim, foggy evening, when spring seemed to have suddenly turned back into winter, Minola sat in her room, drearily touching some chords on her piano, and meanwhile asking herself, " What is to be done now ? What is to come next ?" " One thing is to be done,"she said, speak ing aloud and rising from the piano. " I am going out, Mary." " Isn't it wet and foggy, dear ?" Mary asked. Mary never saw any use in going out when the weather was not very fine. " I don't care, Mary; I'll battle with the elements. Ib not that the heroic way o putting it?" " I suppose so; I wish I were a hero, dear." " What has become of your poetry, Mary ? Tonr poems ought to be your heroism." " What has become of them, dear? Oh, I don't know! What .has become of every thing?" " Yes," Minola said, in irrepressible de spondency ; " I wonder what has become of everything we cared about, Mary ? I wonder what will become of yon and me." Mary Bighed. " Oh, you are well enough, Minola dear! Yon have youth and beauty and everything; and yon could do bo much good and make people happy, and by making them happy you would be happy yourself." There was silence for a moment or two. " How is your brother, Mary ?" Minola aBked abruptly. " He iB very well, dear," Mary Baid, looking up timidly. " I think he is very well; he does not complain of anything. He is wotking very hard, and he tells me it does him good, and he seems very hopeful, I think." "I am very glad to hear it; indeed I am, Mary," Minola said in an almost penitent tone; and then she made preparations for what she called battling with the elements. She went her usual way through the park, thinking sadly enough of the first days when she knew that walk, and when she was fail of the joy of her newly- acquired inde pendence. It seemed to her, knowing all that had passed in that short interval, as if no human creature could have shown herself less fitted for independence than she. She began to be sick of her purposeless life, which bad, eo far as she saw, only brought distress on herself and on her friends. A woman of the world wonld have thought little of all that had passed—would have thought, per haps, that nothing that could be called any thing had passed. But Miaola's prod spirit and sensitive conscience had not been sub dued or Beared by the ways of the world. She bad tried the paBt chapters of her life, and Bhe bad condemned them ; and from her own sentence there was no appeaL Soon Miss Misanthrope stood on the bridge that spans the canal, her favourite spot. She had come there for quiet and for thought. The day had been wet and foggy, so mnch so that at one time it seemed impossible for her to get ont of doors at all, and Bhe dreaded a whole day caged up with Mary Blanchet—at least until she had made up her mind on a question of deep moment to her. But the rain ceased to stream, and was succeeded t y a thick, warm fog, and Minola did not heeu the log; and so she started for her solitary walk. By the time she had crossed the park the fog was beginning to lift, and when she stood on the bridge she saw a curious and a very lovely sight. On the canal, across it, all along its banks for a certain distance, the heavy, damp log brooded. It brooded thick, and soft, and dank, as thongh the season were winter instead of late spring rapidly melting into snmmer. It was rather late in the evening; the appearance of the scene was for a certain distance around rather that of a November night then of a spring even ing, however late. But high up m cue heavens, above the region of the fog, the sky was clear, was all of a faint, delicate blue, and the moon was now brigbk Immediately beneath Minola's feet, in the water, the ie flection of the moon was brilliant, and the sluggish ripples were glorified in its light Yet if ehe allowed her gaze to follow the canal, thongh but a very little way, she came on the fog-bank and the region of the mist again. So, if Bhe raised her eyes slowly from the canal to the sky, Bhe saw in succession of almost imperceptible change the murky hae of the water in the fog, the blackish grey of the spectral trees seen dimly through it and then shades of softening grey, until in some manner which the gazer coold not clearly make :ont the grey had all given way to the pale blue, and at last, following the lighting heaven to the source of light, she reached the glittering effulgent yellow in which the moon was circled. A strange and beautiful condition of atmosphere and sky thaa brought the fogs and chilly waters of November and the soft blue skies and mild moonlight of May into one picture. The picture had this effect npon Minola, that it took her for the moment away from her own brooding troubles. It told her, too, that oome what wonld, the beauty of sky and water wonld remain a living possession for her. She began to wonder whether, after all, we do not exaggerate in oar romantic or petulant moods those sorrows that are said to be especially of the heart. It seemed te her, under the softening and pnrify ing influence of the scene aronnd, that there was mnch left for her to do and to enjoy in life. Hers was a nature of that mould that is peculiarly alive to the influences of sky, and scene, and atmosphere—a nature that under other con ditions of training wonld have been pro foundly superstitious, and for which, to adopt the plcturesqueexpiessionof Schiller, the door cf the ghoBt-kingdom would easily open. Had $b® not heenbroughtup in prosaic and well-in formed Lngland of the midland counties it is probable that the door of that ghost-like kingdom wonld alwaiB have stood ajar for her, and that amid the commonplace work 5°^ mTS?* she wonld often have had sight of the vast lost regions of the supernatural—that Eden of fearful fascina tionfrqm wbichman, by reason of his eating the fruit of the tree of science, hasehnthtm •elf Wfc , Bat even as it was. she retained enbugh of the thrilling temperament that admits of superstition to feel peculiarly in. fluenced, now encouraged, and now de pressed, by the movement of a cloud, the gleam of a Star, the sadden, unexpected ripple of water among concealing Ieede> Therefore as she stood this night, and studied the picture all aronnd her, she felt her soul griming exalted, and saw the heavy misbr pf her Penwnal troubles begin to roll away and show some gleam of brightness **When she came Blowly away she was filled with a resolve. If it was not a very wise one, it was at leaBt unselfish, and it was the re sult of the calmest thought she could take, alone and wholly uncounBelled. one naa clearly seen for some time that her present theory of life was all a failure. It had com pletely broken dovm. She brooded hopelessly over this mournful conviction for a while, and then, like all beings of healthy, unselfish nature, she began to aBk herself what was ito be done next 2 She could not give up all her life to grieving over the irreparable. It was not enough for her to sit down and cry be cause things had not gone well with her Something must be done; what was to be She could not remain in London and live this kind of life any more. It would be in tolerable if she had to run the risk of meet ing Victor Heron day after day. She knew well enough his sudden energy of nature, ana she feared for him more than for herself that he might make Borne effort to break away from the pledge that as yet alone held him to poor Lucy. It Eeemed clear to Minola that in the miserable game of cross-purposes they had been playing they had left no way out except with unhappiness to some one. It waB equally clear to ber that Lucy ought not to be the sufferer. She did not doubt that time would soften or wholly remove the effect of his mistake and his disappointment for Victor Heron, and that he would come to love Lucy as she ought to be loved, and to be as happy - as men can well expect to be. When a thing is inevitable she knew that souls with any menhood in them will always make the best of it; and she well knew that Heron a was a soul filled with genuine manhood. The one thing, therefore, most needful to be done was to make the complete separation of herself and Victor inevitable. At first she had ideas of going to live far away from England. She spent more than one musing hour in thinking on the place to be chosen for her retreat. She thought of the East, and was almost amused at the idea of her being another Hester Stanhope, for in her very childish days Hester Stanhope used to be a sort of heroine with her. She thought of Rome; and, indeed, her heart yearned for a life wholly given up to Rome. She thought of Athens; and she thought, too, of the fresh, new world across the Atlantic, where every new idea and every free assertion of indi vidual energy is believed to have a fuller and fairer chance of justifying itself than here among us. But there came up amid all these dreamiDgsthe reflection that, after all, this would be doing little good for any mortal but herself. It would only be a sore of sensuality f the soul indulged to the full. It was then the bought rose in her mind that perhaps it was her duty to make some manner of sacrifice for the happiness of some one else. " I cannot be happy myself in my own way,"she said to herself, " that iB certain. Why should I not try to order things so that by some self-denial I may yet be the means of making some one else more happy than he might otherwise be 2" How very happy she might make poor Mary Blanchet by marrying her brother 1 And Blanchet, too, who professed to love her so much—and who was surely quite sincere, for Minola had lately learned to have great faith in the sincerity of human love—if she could make him happy, would itnot be a better use to which to put her life than to moon it away in the indulgence of a vain lament for the unattainable ? There were aome_ gifts in him. and under favouring auspices they might shine into something really great. Why should she not apply her life to the task of endeavouring to give them a full develop ment ? It Beemed to Minola that this would be a far better way of spending her youth than surrendering it wholly to Bolitude and her own indulgence in vain regret. One dread sometimes made her Bhudder at the idea. Suppose Victor Heron were to think that she never really had had any steady and enduring love for him 2 Suppose he set her down as a woman of no real heart, no strong emotion at all 2 But then came quick as a ray of light the conviction, " He will never think that;" and afterwards, in melancholy resignation, the reflection, " If he should, it is only all the better." So she made np her mind. The resolve was an unwise one, no donbt. A girl who had known more of the world's wayB would never have made it—at least she would never have made it with Buch a purpose and such a hope. A woman of the world might have married for money when she could not get the man she loved; she would have married for a home, and a protector, and a settlement, and all the rest of it; and we shonld most of ns have said that she did sensibly and welL She might have married to please her father and mother, as the good girls were always taught that it was their doty to do in the for mal old days, and her filial piety would have been applauded. But the idea of marrying a poor young man without even the excuse of loving him, the idea of marrying him merely because he loved her, and she thought she might do him good, and make his life happy : this would undoubtedly have seemed to al sensible persona not only very absurd, but perhapsratherunwomanlyaswelL Such, how ever, was the resolve Minola made, and it was made deliberately and in honest purpose for the right. In the perplexed way of her life Bhe Baw nothing better to do than this. This would secure the happiness of poor Lucy, who then wonld never know that her happiness had been in danger; it would make Heron's course clear and inevitable; it wonld perhapB make Blanchet happy; it wonld certainly make Mary very happy; and, for Minola herself, it would at least give her the knowledge that ber life was of some use to some human hearts. She came away from the park with a resolve. In that sense she was less unhappy than before. " I will see Hdrbert Blanchet I will trust to his honour and his generosity. I will tell him that I love—that I did love—a man whom I cannot marry; and if he is willing to have me for his wife, with that knowledge, 1 shall not hold back any longer." "After all, perhaps I shall Be thus acting out my part of Miss Misanthrope in the spirit ana the letter," she said, with a gleam of her old temper, as she walked home ward. "Mary, I should like to see your brother very macb, and as soon as he conld come," Minola said to hex companion that evening, as they Bat alone, and tried to get up an appearance of their old cheerfulness. Mary looked up surprised, " I am sure, Minola, he ought to be only too delighted; but do yon think it would be well to ask him to come 2" " Wonld it be any harm 2" " He feels snch a great deal, yon kndw; or, indeed, 1 don't think you conld well know. There are feelings we can all only have for ourselves. I am afraid, Minola dear, it wonld only renew bis unhappiaess, poor fellow. He loves yon so much, Minola." Minola coloured and felt distressed. Almost her heart failed her, hut she kept to her purpose. " If I wanted to see him very particularly, Mary, don't yon think he would come then 2" Mary looked np again in doubled wonder. A wild hope came into her mind which ahe would aot dare to express, but which set her all trembling and brought the tears into her eyes. "Oh, yes, Minola dearest, of course he would come ! Of course he must know, as well as I know, that you would not bring trim here to give him needless pain, and that you have some good purpose." " I want to say something to him very particularly, Mary, which I think now I ought to say. 1 want to ask him something. I don't kuow how he will answer it; but I feel that I ought to give him the chance of answering it. Now, don t begin puzzling your head about it, Mary dear; you will know it all Boon, what ever way things tnro out; but at present, dear, it specially concerns bim and me, and I could not tell even you, Mary, until I had spoken to him first." Mary was a little cast down from her wild hopes. She feared that, after all, it was only some explanation Miuola proposed to give to Herbert, with a view, perhaps, of making bim more reconciled to his fate, a result about which Mary had but little hope. She accepted her part, however, and promised to go and see her brother the very first thing in the morning. It would be needless to deny that, in thinking over her project of self- sacrifice, Minola had thonght of other names as well as that_of Herbert Blanchet. She had thought, for in stance, of her too faithful old lover, Mr. Shepp&rd; but she could not see the possi bility of a life spent with Mr. Shepp&rd.; She did not see that she could be of any manner of OBe to him in his career; rather, indeed, she felt that she must necessarily be something of a hindrance. Then there was no Mary Blanchet in that case to be joined in the ob jects of tbe sacrifice. Mr. Sbeppard had money enough, and wanted no help in that way. Her money might enable Blanchet, she thonght, to give his genius full sway—to give it its head, withouG regard to prudence, and publishers, and pot-boilers. " I suppose he Has genius; I think he has genius," she kept saying to herself. If she was to sacrifice herself—and this mast in any case be an absolute sacrifice—Bhe felt she must justify the act to her own heart and conscience by the assurance that it would do the fullest good in ber power to do. When Mary, fall of doubt and hope, went to see her brother next morning, she was startled by the change that appeared to have suddenly taken place in him. He seemed to have thrown away his hard-working mood, and to be reckless and almost ferocious. When Mary told him she had brought him a message from Minola, he looked almost as if she bad said she brought a warrant for his arrest " What does Bhe want of me, Mary ? Yon must know. Come, let us hear it; tell it out" " But, Herbert dear, indeed I don't know. She did not tell me anything." "And you don't guess, my sister?" he asked, with a sickly smile that made her un comfortable to see. " No, Herbert She only said that she wanted to ask yon a question, and that yon ought to have a chance of answering it or something of that kind." " Yes, I thought so. Very well, Mary; tell her I will not go; tell her to think anything she likes of me—the very worst will not be too bad ; but I will not see her." He turned his back on bis sister. Mary, however, had seen him in heroic and in de spondent moods often enongh not to feel qnite discouraged by this demonstration, i She endeavoured to argue with him; and ven tured to hint that probably he might find everything turning out for the very best when he came to Bpeak with Minola. "Yon think bo?" he asked, with a laugh. " Very well, MaTy, I will go; it may as well I be got done with once for all. Come, my sister, let ub go. Are yon to be present at i the interview, Mary ?" "No, Herbert; oh, no! She wants to speak to you alone firat. Bat I dare say I shall know some time." j " I dare say yon will; I only wonder yon j have not known it already. Tell me, Mary; don't yon think one had best tell the truth when it is certain that he mast be found oat if he tells a lie ?" j "Oh, Herbert, what a question!'' "You think it very absurd, don't yon? Well, Mary, there is some sense in it, too. You may be sure I shall answer Miss Grey's question very truthfully to- day." 