LITERATURE. A SPIRIT NOVEL. I The Two Destixies: a Romance. By Wilkie Collins. 1870. Among the varied passions which have moved the human race at all periods, from its cradle to its present stage of existence, fear has been and is one of the strongest; perhaps second only to love, and the passion be comes intensified when Its object is intangible, and escapes examination by the senses. Of such a character is iha ftar of a child in the dark. The fear which led early races of mankind to worship sun, moon, and stars, and be lieve that all natural things, trees, rivers, and rocks, and a thousand other facts of creation, contaiaed living beings, some kindly, others malevolent, but all possessing power over man — this fear has again and again bowed the soul of humanity before the inventions of a few. It has led to human sacrificss, terrible wars, physical tortures in the In quisition, and mental torture of those who strive to break loose from its influence. Under its guidance men have committed the greatest crimes and the greatest follies ; apparently slain in one form, It reap pears in another. Its vitality is so prodigious as to give fair grounds for those who contend that so hydra healed a monster must be heaven-born and live for ever. In other people we call it superstition; in our selves we confuse it with religion. To this passion or de velopment of pisiion, Mr. Wilkie Collins appeals for the popularity of his latest novel, ' The Two Destinies,' know ing that if Englishmen have purified their faith from many superstitions they appear to be falling under the dominion of a new one. The book ip not a ghost story, because it docs not place on the stage the spirits of the departed ; but it is a spirit story, inasmuch as it annihilates matter, time, and space, and in spite of a thousand anomalies brings the spirits of living people into close proximity, permitting them at the same time to produce physical effects. The style is peculiar, and continually itnpretaes upon the reader the feeling that he is being force! to believe something whether he will or no. Sometimes he is reminded of Edgar Poe's analyses of evidence, sometimes of a policeman bearing witaess in a criminal court, and sometimes of a c njuror drawing the attention of his audience from the main trick to unimportant personal actions. Indeed, the characters are all curiously egotisti oal and self-conscious. Here is a passage which we oaa quite imagine to have been spoken in the Egyptian Ha 1, and it is only one out of many : — 41 1 am suffering (as the doctors explain to me) from a morbidly sensitive condition of the nerves near the surface to the action of light. If I were to draw the curtains and look out of that window, I should feel the acutest pain all over my face. If I covered tny face and drew the curtains with my bare hands, I should feel the same pain in my hands. You can j ust see, perhaps, .that I have a very large aud very thick veil on my head. I let it fall over my faco and neck and hands when I haye occasion to pass along the corridors or (o enter my father's study, and I find it pro tection en mgh, &c.;' We suppose that, a? in the case of the professional con juror, this seif-consciousness is intentional and assumed in order to prevent the trick being found out. Tho book consists of a prelude, a stoty, and a finale. An American, gentleman arriving in London with his wife present a Liter of introduction to Mr. aud Mrs. Germaine, who return their visit and ask them to dinner. At tha dinner the mystery begins. One gentleman after another arrives withuut his wife and with the lamest possible ex cuses. The host and hostess are deeply chagrined, and after the retirement of the remainder of the guests presjnt to their Amoiican _a2quaintaacL's a manuscript, containing the history of the circumstances whioh have caused so grave a slight to be passed upon them. We shall be doing Mr. Wilkie Collins no injustice if we preseat to our readers a sketch of the early part of the manuscript, for the real in erest lies — not in any doubt as to the end of the story, seeing that here are the hero and heroine already hapi i y married in the prelude — but rather in the extraoi dmary details of their lives, ths morbid anatomy of their cha rac'ers, and iu the question ever recurring to the mind — are thes9 wonderful details spiritual facts or are the principal actors the victims of delusion ? We are bound to say that, whatever Mr. Wilkie Collins may wish to have understood, be has given to his hero and heroine many of the characteristics of insane persons, and has carried the hero etpaeially through such a turmoil of dissip ition and mental unnst as might ba sufficient to break down the firmest nervous system, George and Mary are introduced as boy and girl ; he, the son of a man of some property ; she, the daughter of his father's bailiff. They are attracted together by some wonderful influences, in which we detect our old friend the affinities. They obey 'the impulse to love one another as a bird obeys the impulse to fly.' We really do not see what need there is to seek for hidden causes of such affection. Almost any boy and girl placed in independence of each other's society will form a like attachment, and we must beg Mr. Collins's pardon for denying his proposition that at any age whatever the sexual sympathies 'lie dormant.' We appeal to any father or mother of a family to say whether from their earliest age girls do not hug their dolls with the instinct of the future mother, while the boys are playing with swords and guns. Only the other day we happened to see the case of the dearest love at first sight between a boy of five and a girl of three. Mary is a pale fragile chill with mild gray pyc,- ; rin ''ulr.r'y bl'T t. ' ?'ic-WiTi1 Arts li:.; fit-vr. tl sh^ ? ' '':i u Iii-a -biaiv jjk r:. ;ukc itiir. .'r.-if,. i-'Cit b -? -. ? .o loi-: v. „-? * 3-::'h«l- caw d-J ve ? it; n-j. . ? , m. 'To all outward appea anee, two perfectly commonplace children, we were mysteiioasly uni;ed by some kindred association of the spirit in her und the spirit in me, which not only deSed discov- ry by our young eelves, but which lay too deep' for investigation by far older and wiser heads than ours.' George's father, being a mm of a restless tmd'N speculative turn of mind, is much absent from home, and the mother in a feeble character. The only elderly person possessed of strangth of character is Mary's grand mother, who is a disciple of Swedenborg, and talks a good deal of nonsense aboat kindred spirits, destined to be united in abutter world, and therefore divinely commis sioned to discover each other aud begin th ir union in this. She encourages the boy ia rebellion against his father, and this part of their lives is closed hya forcible separation, the father tearing his son from the house almost from the very arms ot his little mistress. At this periid the boy is thirteen and the girl nine years old. Mary's grandmother, old Dame Dermody, curses Gi orge's father, and prophesies that they will come together, even through sin and shame : — ' The spiiitB of theBe children are kindred spirits for time and for eternity ; they are united one to the other. Put land and sea between them —they wilt still be top-ether. They will communicate in visions ; they will be revealed to each other iu dreams. Bind them by worldly ties; uei your son, in the time to come, to another woman, and mv granddaughter to another man. In vain ! I tell you ia vain 1 You may doom them to mif ery, you mi-y drive them to sin — the day of their unim on earth is still a day pre destined in Heaven. A reader of ordinary intelligence cannot fail to observe here the genuine stamp of nearly all superstitions. u Heaven' is a po.ver which seems capable of being taken by surptise and defeated for a time, but has a rallying force in it which is sure to win in the end. Otherwise, if Heaven is so determined to bring about the union of these two spirits — and bodies— it might be done more in accordance with human ide^s of morality, without allowing their lives -0 take the cmrse described by Mr. Wilkie Collins in the faturepaees of his bcok. After tlw separation ten years pass, during which George's father is rained and dies, his mother marries again, a of considerab e wealth, who also dies, and leaves George with a handsome competence, and a chancre of nsme to Ger maine, deprived- of his child-love, and with a mind uncom monly i'l-balanced. He fca* v'.vid visions of Mqry for a while, but loses them when he falls into reckless dissipation. We all know how dissipation can unhinge a brain of even stronger fibie than that of G.orge Germaine, arid to add to the bio -vs indicted on bis mental health' he is wounded iif India and loses a large quantity of blood — the verv thuig of all others to cauEe delusions. Meanwhile Mary's father has died in poverty, but not before he has place 1 her in the hands of a Dutch suitor whom he has saved from tbe eea alter shipwreck, bat of whom ^either father soy daughter knowB sufficient to render Mary's marriage \pth him, which happens immediately, an otherwise than rash, action. So far tlie 'Heaven ' of supersticn lias evidently ad the worst of it. The young man has been dragged hrough a mire of sin mi sname, and the g rl is on a fair j way to the same cond tion ; but in her caso we will not i anticipate the knowledge which the reader must gain for j imself from Mr. Wilkie Collins s book. SuEfiie it to say, ' hat a time comes when she is in desperate need of help, I nd receives it again and again from George Germaine, wh - lis in love with her in her new form without having the aft idea that she is tie Mary of his old ove and his past dreams. Of all the im probabilit'eB of the story this one is perhaps j the greatest. George and Mary are always coming to the i very verge of explanation, when we should scarcely ihintt he aid of Heaven was needed to push them into each othe.'e . rais; but th 3 most trifling turn given tj the conversation s sufficient to keap apart these spirits so overcharged witli affinity for each other. Indeed, it seems ns it' thjir bodies had more affinity than their souls, for not even do their ' spirits rush together at the touching of the lips.' The forces against ' Heaven' are so strong- that, though the twin souls discover that their names, or the names of their bodies, are George and Mary ; though she, having married, has, of course, changed her maiden name ; though she see* him, in a dream, at the old cottage wh-re they once played as children, the fact of their names not being exactly the old ones is sufficient to prevent recogni. ion. If this is the effect of affin ty, we much prefer the combination of natural love and ever eo small a jorfion of common sense. As matter - stand— in the book — the great achievement of affinity is to make her dream of liim, go to him in spirit, toich him on the breast, pay, 'Remember ni9; come to me,' and write the pUce of appointment in a sketch-book, or at the bottom of a half written letter. Hero is, again, a curiosity. The spirit disembodied for the time, at any rate, is fortunately care ful eLough of propriety to take the spirit of clothes with it. It speaks distinctly, and can even take up a pencil and write, The written characters remain as long as tho lady's body is asleep or in a trance, but van'shes when she wakes. In thus pointing out the evident incongruities and absur dities of the situation, we by no means impugn the ta'ents of the author. He has done what he could with an im possible subject, and his ability as a story-teller is shown in the skill with which he holds the reader's attont on through a long series of nonsense history. The book is sure to be pspular, and deserves to be so for its literary me. its, so far as th9 construction of the romance is concerned. But what is likely to be its effect ? First, wo see a boy and girl encour aged to disobey their parents, and the father is so constructed by the author as to be despicable. We hold that he was perfectly right in wishing to put a stop to tbe folly going on between his s n and his bailiff's daughter, and cannot eei why Dame Dermody's curse should have been adopted by ' Heaven.' Then, the son, instead of keeping the imago of his little lady-love in his heart to protect him frcmevil, forgets her almost enti oly, and throws himself into a career of debnucheiy, broken only by a hysterical (it of repentance. Mary marries a man whom she does nit love, and, on finding that he is not really her husband, first attempts suicide, ani then con tinues to live with him, though he has shown himselt to be an irreclaimable villain. Yet these two are to be made happy, to re turn united to society, and to express a great deal of virtuous indignation when people who have heard the story are a little shy of bringing their wives to dinner. And all these arrangements are to be made by ' Heaven.' Now, without desiring to be priggish, or prudish, or virtuous over much, we cannot help protesting against this new form of excuse for amatory eccentticities. The laws of society are fometianee narrow and stupid enough, but they are made in self-defence, and to break them is to defy the lawgiver. 'We do not fay that they are never to be broken any more than we say that there is never to be rebellion against other constituted authorities, but in social as well as in political rebellion the only justilication is straightforward courage and success. If we are to have books in which tho passion of love is to be victoiious over all ties, let us call a spade a spade, and not hide ourselves behind the decrees of a mystical and irresponsible power, conveniently called ' Heaven.' There is a maullin tone creeping in among English nove'ift*, and we recommend them to go back for inspiration to the old romances of chivalry, written before society had became either so strict or so hypocritical as at present. In Sir Thomas Mallorv's book, the great knight Sir Launcelot misses full vision of the Sangraal because he is not prepared to give up his passion for Queen Guinevere, and he till* her so in all simplicity. When he i3 tracked to her bower, and, unarmed, is about to meet the assault of a do den knights fully prepared aad thirsting f, r his blojd, he does not sneak behind ' Heaven ' or 'Affinity,' but 'took the Queen in his arms and kissed her, and said, 'Most noble Christian Queen, I beseech you, as ye have ever been my special good lady, and I at all times your true poor knight unto my power, and a? I have nev r fa led yen in light nor in vrong. since the first day that King Arthur made me knight, that yc will pray f r u.y seal if that I be here B'ain.'' Moralitymny half hide her face, but humanity for gives and loves the true and modest heart of Sir Launcelot. In the theories which are now prevalent about spiritual powers influencing weak creatures with po -r brains and worn-out bodies, and justifying them ii any action they may be pleased to take, we see nothing but evil. If we are to rebel againstthe laws of s e'ety, written or unwritten, let us do it like men and sfand the punishment society give us, not run away as George and Mary do at last,, with the notion that they are the victims of fate and Cv-ist seek a home in Italy, where, as Wilkie Collins puts it, the ' social law is the law of mercy.' Is this the condition to which we are being brought by the pretended communication with a world of spirits ? — Times. 