the qeeat osterhoffen WAGEB. chapteb l One fine morning in the month of September, 1650, the famed seascape painter, Andreusse Cappelmans, my good old master, and I were smoking a pipe at the study window on the ground floor of the old house by the Leyden Bridge, sod drinking each other's health in a mng of Dntch ale— when the story began I was then eighteen, fair and rosy — Cappelmans was near fifty, with a red nose, leaning to purple, silvering temples, and with gray eyes, set in a world of rookies, whicbpnckered his face strangely when he laughed. He knew he was getting towards age, for about that time he took the gaody cock's feathers out of his slouch hat for good, and replaced them with a bit of crow's wing. \ Twas a fine day, and the silver Rhine Yfjs .liining beyond the window. Hera and there a mite of fleecy torad floated in the clear air ; but there was not wind enough to stir the black-hnlled resell in onr harbour. Nothing was moving bat shimmering naligtLt on the water, and the thousand cporfthousand darting swallows. We were dreaming away the morning, watching the twittering vine leaves round our window, or waking np now and again as a stray butterfly fluttered past, pursued by a bickering flock of sparrows, while down in the courtyard a great red and white cow was lashing her tale, and looking about her comfortably. Twas a beautiful day, bnt I saw that my master was sad and anxious. "Heasire Andreusse," said I suddenly, "pa look down-hearted." "I am," he returned. "I am as wretched as a thrashed donkey." "Why so? Work goes welL Ton hire more to do than yon can manage, and in a week the fair yon enjoy so much will be with us." « I have had an ngly dream." "Do yon believe in dreams, Messire Cappelmans !" "Kay, Christian ; I am not sore that it was a dream ; for yon most know that my eyes were as wide open as they are at present" Then, knocking oat his pipe on the window-sill, he continued : "Ton have never heard, I am sure, of my old comrade, Van Mariua, the famous sea-painter. A fine fellow, I tell you. Looking on his pictures, you did not say — ' Tie well painted,' bnt 'What a fine sea,' or ' What a storm !' I n fact, he was a genius— one of those who seem to work withont trouble, and achieve what others, let them try as hard as they like, can never accomplish." Here Cappelmans stopped, his lips trembling and his eyes moist for the first time in all my knowledge of the man. "We were both pupils of old Ryssen," he continued, after a long pause. " "We were in love with his two sisters. We passed our evenings together at the 'Frog;' and, when I settled here in Leyden, he came too. He had one fault —a true Dutchman's, He liked Geneva and schiedam better -than good Dutch ale and porter. "Mark yon, Christian, I never go tipsy except upon ale — be did the same flung by way of Hollands. He tippled not only in the tavern, but over his work — tenth to say, he never painted so well as when he had put himself outside two or three pints of ale, wanned with a dash of schiedam. "A strange m an, perhaps somewhat junfi. He never painted storms unless ; while, when at calm seas, he had in blind old Coppelius, the clarionet- player, who piped to Van Marius for two florins a day. Poor Jan ! yon may pess that he soon broke op. "He would never listen to my advice, hot Bang it down, always ending with a cock-crow. This he did wellfrom prac- flci for it was his mode of calling to tba fopte when his glass was empty. " Well, you must know that Van inarms had for a long time talked to me . 8 certain picture he was doing — sub- J?c,> the 'Miraculous Draught of Fishes.' had even shown me h" preliminary riches, which were marvellous, when one fine morning he disappeared j Leyden — and he was never heard ®f again." ®erc Cappelmans again lit his pipe, s„ Fet anhker pause, he con- " wi? a more earnest voice : — n ye"> yesterday evening I was at the p- , en Pot,' with Doctor Roemer, of ®Sa, and five or bit- old friends, ' ahout ten o'clock — and how it Tffcd I cannot tell — Roemer began de- » )?6 against potatoes, saying they e the scoorge of the tinman race — snlrii86 ,tbe ea8e with which bad a8 obtained from them. ,mrj1 ®Pke, a grange change "come over me, and the of m m ati"8 took possession »&? ' Poor fcHow,' thought I, 0—, . e now ? La the Miraculous of Fishes finished?, Shall I hear news of him ?' ' ' Watcw! J?1 tbinkij3g of 3aj 3»ken kttbetaern' (UJ", J18 that it was dosing time, clock. I came home, my head somewhat heavy, went to ted, and fell asleep at once. ( "About an hour afterwards old Brigette, the needlewoman -opposite,: managed to set fire to her window-blind, and I was startled by theciyof fire. I heard a clattering in the stieet, and sat np in bed — to eee what ? " Through the open door, by the light of the blaring curtains opposite, and in my study, a large black cock perched upon an etseL In a moment of two the blind had burnt ont, and the crowd went off laughing. But there the blackcock remainei, as I could see by the light of the moon. " Ha seemed quite athis ease, -looking about with his flame-coloured, scarlet rimmed eyes, and scratching his head with his right claw. "For ten minutes I lay staring at the bird, and wondering how he had contrived to get into my printing-room, when suddenly again he lifted np his head, and I heard these words : " ' What, Cappelmans, dost not recog nise me ? I am, nevertheless, the spirit of your old fiiend Jan Van Marios.' " ' The so ul of Van Marina J' I cried. ' Then he is dead 1 ' " " ' Yes,' he replied, with a melancholy air, 'it is ended, my good old friend. I tried to drink down Van Gambrinus, the tavern-keeper, and we went at it two days and as many nights withont a break. " ' At daybreak, on the third morning, as old Jndith was putting out the lamps, I rolled under the table, and that was an end of me. " ' Hot only dead drunk, but very dead indeed ; and as I appeared when yon knew me, fiiend, I am lying in the graveyard at Osterhoffen, on a slope, facing my beloved sea. . " < And here I am in the search for a new body. Bnt all this is not what I have come about Cappelmans, you can do me a very great service.' " A service ?' I said. ' Speak ! all that mail can do I am willing to accom plish for thy sake, old friend.' " ' That's good,' he replied. Nay, I was sure you could not say no to ma Nowhere it is ! You must know, An dreusse, that I went to the Herring Basket, expressly to finish my Miraculous Draught Unluckily for me, death over took me before I had put the finishing toncbes to my great work. Now Garn- brinoB has dung np my poor picture like a trophy at the back of his tavern. I can find no real rest nntil it is finished, and this yon must da Dost promise, Cappelmans V " ' Be at peace, Jan 1 'Tis as good as done F " ' Then good night I' " Thereupon the bird flapped his wings and went ont through a broken pane, without the least noise." Having thus oddly spoken, Cappel mans set down ti« pipe once more, and finished one jog of ale at a blow. We eat some time silent, looking at each other. " And do you really believe this bird was tiie soul of your old fiiend ?" I asked the good man. " Do I believe P he said, indignantly. " I am sure of it 1" " Then what will you do 1" " 'Tis simple enough. I am going to Osterhoffen. An honest man keeps his word, and I have given mine. Come what may, I will finish the picture. In an hour one-eyed Van Eyck and his waggon will be here for me !" After a pause he adds : " And thou shalt go with me, boy, for 'twill be a great chance to see the celebrated fishing- place called the Herring Basket. Again, who knows what may happen 1 I Bhall be glad to have thee near me." " I'd like nothing better, Master An dreusse 1" said L Two hours after, we were jolting over the countiy roads, on our way to Oster hoffen. CHAPTKE XL Onr little waggon, drawn by a big- headed, short-legged Zuyderzee shaggy horse, comfortably covered as to his back with an old dog-skin, jumbled for three hours between Leyden and Herring Basket, and without appearing to have advanced a mile, so flat objectless is our Dutch landscape. As the sun set behind the purple Dntch fogs, which always rise as the snn goes down, Cappelmans shook him self out of his dreaminess to say, " Wrap np well, boy ! Pull down your hat, and dive your : feet into the straw ! Ho ! Barabas !" (this to the horse) " get along ! We are not snails I" At the same time he gave a kiss to his flaA- of schiedam, and, as he wiped liia lips with the back of his hand, he passed the bottle to me, saying, take a pull, fight the fog ont of your throat. 'Tis a salt fog to- night, and - that's the worst sort." I took his advice, and soon felt as warm as a toast. " Good Kit," he said, " we are in for three hours' hard drive through the fog. Thou shalt hear all I know of Oster hoffen." The good man drenched me with in formation. At the "Tobbaco-pot"; yon found the strongest beer and spirits in Holland. Again and again be came back to this tavern, where, it eeems, the land lord, the terrible Van Gambrinusj who had overcome Van Marius, reigned king of drinkers. "This man," said he, "can take off two measures of porter to his own' share ; while treble ale and Dutch Iambic have no more offset than though he was a tin funneL Schiedam — and Schiedam only — can lay him low !" "Tis an artist's tavern, Kit, and tetter a painter had never been born than that he shonld enter it Pretty maidens, with long yellow tresses, serve him; and Gambrinns holds ont his hairy tends ; but 'tis only to steal the soul, Kit — only to steal the souL" He spoke quite gravely, and again lit his pipp— this time with great solem- ... I dfes getting low- Bpirited and nervojos, \- 'for Cappelmans convereationwas telling upon ma ' Indeed there was one point in the journey where, if I liad fonnd soffirient ' heart and courage to do it, I should hive jumped ont of the cart; and left my bid -master' to his own devices. About ten, Messire Andreusse dropped asleep/and his head began rolling on my tooplder. j I kept up another hoar; and I toen I dropped off Howfongwe journeyed! never learnt; A very strong black beer. „ but we were both shaken up with the : welcome cry, " Here we are 1" A moment, and Copplemans uttered amexclamation of .surprise while, as for me, I shuddered from head to foot, for if I were to. live a thousand yeare I shall never forget the effect the right of the "Tobacco-pot tavern created in me. The low, high-pitched-roof, with its rowB of narrow shining windows, will never pass from my memory. The night was fearfully dark, so there fore we could not observe the ocean, bnt its raging told me it could not be many paces oft Vet even through the ?«hing of the angry waters I could hear the ehrieks of wild bagpipes, evidently coming from the tavern. Shadows flitted past the windows strangely, and as we crossed the muddy court-yard, lit by one dim swinging lantern, figures seemed to come and go, after the manner of gutter rats in the night time. We were about getting out from onr countiy cart, when out from the shadows came a man of high stature — he wearing a large slouched hat, while his beard was pointed. The wide collar- of Ids black velvet pouipoint was thrown back, and over its front lay a triple chain of gold, after the fashion of the old Flemish artiste. He might have been the ghost of Rubens. " Is it yon, Capplemans 1" asked this strange figure, whose clear-cut side-face was well outlined against the light of the shining windows. "Yes, master mine," replied Messire Andrenase, completely stupefied, as I saw, by the strange inquiry. " Beware 1" said the unknown, raising a warning finger; "the soul-killer h watching for yon." " Beat peace. Andreusse Capplemans knows his duty." " "lis welL Von are a true man, and the strengthening souls of the old masters are with yon." So saying, the stranger glided into the shadow, and Capplemans, now mor tally pale, bat looking still firmer and more resolute, swung ont of the waggon to theground. I followed him, more tronbled than I can explain. The bagpipes ted stopped, and from the tavern came confused and strange sounds. We finished crossing the hideous court yard, and then Messire Andreusse, who went first, tnrned and whispered, " Keep watch, Christian." As he spoke he opened the door, and then, nnder the hams, herrings, and -chitterlings, hanging, from and covering the great beamB of the ceiling, I saw about a hundred or more seated round long tables set in a line. Some were heaped with elbows on table, others with wandering eyes and hats slouching, were sending huge clouds of smoke towards the ceiling. They all seemed as though laughing with their half-closed eyes and wrinkled cheeks, while at the same time they ap peared to be plunged into a sort of ghastly ecstacy. To the right, a wide flaming fire flung ont great masses of bright light from one end of the room to the other, whlie at one side of the hearth old Judith, long and diy as an aged broom-handle, her face for a time crimson in the great light, was deftly frying some sort of savoury food. But what most of all struck me was Van Gambrinns himself seated behind his tub-formed counter, and a little to the left, exactly as Messire Andrenase had arid. His sleeves were rolled up, so that we conld see his great haiiy arms. He was resting his elbows amongst the shining pewter flagons, while his grasping hands were clutching bis ugly cheeks and ochre beard reaching almost to the waist. His ragged rough red hair seemed tossing over his head. As we entered, his eyes were dreamily fixed npon poor Van Marina's luckless picture, "The Maracolous Draught of Fishes," which was hung over the little wooden Dutch clock at the farther end of the room. I baA been watching him during some moments, when from without the watch man's horn was heard. At the same moment, the wrinkled old woman, Jndith, giving the ftying-pan an extra turn, cried in a loud, mocking voice, " Midnight 1 Now, here has the great painter, Van Manns, been lying twelve whole nights and days on Osterhoffen bill-side, and yet his avenger has not shown bimsdxi" "Here he is!" said Capplemans, striding to the centre of the room. Every eye was turned upon him, while Gambrinns, who had moved bis head with the rest, and fell fo smiling, and cwMRing his beard with his ugly hands. . i J " Is't thou, CapplemanB !" he said, in a coarsely satirical tona. ".What; -test coamfor the Miraculous Draught " Tes," replied Mesrire Andrensse. " I have promised Van Manns to finish ' his great picture. I want it, and I xnean' toTiaveit" . y "Von want it, and yon will have itl"; echoed Van Gambrinns. "Now, com rade, all that is soon said, but not bo easily dona Dost know I "won the picture jug in tend t" " I know it And 'tis jng in hand I ' mean to win it from yon." "Then thou art willing to make the ! Great Bet!" "Yes ; and may justice be my friend. I frill hold to my word, or roll under the table after Van Marina" - Here Gambriuus's eyes glittered. " Von have all heard," he cried, in a lond voice to those present, " 'tis he challenges me— —not I him. Let this man have his wilL": Then tnrning to Messire Andreusse, " Who's thy referee ?" . . "My referee is .Christian Bebstock," said Cappelmans, beckoning me for ward. I trembled terribly, for i was awfully frightened. Thereupon.one of those_present, Ignace Van den Brock, - burgomaster of Oster- hnfien,,j>nlled from hfs pocket a paper, and in a pedagogue tone heaaid, "The drinkers' voogt is carried ont wuh a.white cloth; white glasses/ and: white lights. IJjet.itlie dOTa" '' -"".V ' > A chestnutirired giri et once hurried tashioa tefPte me as one of the judges. SiWhoSy sreferee ?"- asked Messire Asdreusse,'eyia!Vsui!Gamhiroratn Ind friendly manner. " Adam Van Rasbnus." This person, a man with crimson nose, bulged chin, and mere elite of eyes, came and sat down near me, and the bright- luiired waitress pnt before him similar articles to those laid before ma This done, Herod Van Gambrinns, holding out his great hand over the connter to his adversary, cried, " With out sorcery or malice 1" " Without sorcery or malice," replied Capplemans. r " Hast hate for me I" asked Gam- brinua Said my old master : " When I have avenged Fritz Coppelius, Tobias Vogel, the landscape painter, Roemer, Nickel Brauer, Diderich Vmkelmann, Van Marias — all honest painters drowned here, and robbed of their works — then I will hate thee no more !" Gambrinus broke into a peal of laugh- . ter ; and throwing open his arms, he cried as he flung back his broad ehonlders against the wall, — " X fought them fairly — jug iu hand, and beat them open and honestly; — as I will fight with and beat thee ! Their works have become mine by fair wager of battle ; and, as for thy hate, I' jeer at it, and pass by. Come, let ns fall to !" Then, good friends, began such a battle, that, throughout Holland, within the memory of man, only two can com-- pare with it 'Twill be talked about for ages. Light and da»-lrn«i« were at war, and fate was to prononnca A kilderkin of ale was set upon a table, with two pots, each holding a pint — one before Gambrinns, the other near Cappel- mana They were filled to the brim, and the two enemies drank them off at a blow. So it continued every half-hour, with clock-like regularity, until the barrel was empty. After the ale, porter was tried ; and, after the porter, lambric. To say bow many kilderkins of strong beer were emptied during this battle would not be easy ; but Burgomaster Van den Brock has made a memorandum of the same for the edification of posterity in the municipal records of Osterhoffen (the Herring Basket) ; and you must go there to eee it, .for you would refuse to believe me, and I could not complain at your want of credence. The battle lasted two days and three nights. Snch a thing had never been heard of before. .For the first time, Gambrinns fonnd himself free to face with an adversary who was his equal The news flew over the town, and ' far beyond into the country. People came on foot, on horseback, in cart and waggon, to be able to say they had looked on at the great straggle, 'Twas quite a procession, and as mapy determined never to go home until they had seen an end made to the combat, by the finish of the second day the tavern was so full that it became scarcely pos sible to more. At last the burgomaster had to strike his stick upon the table, and make way for the waiters carrying up the kilderkins from the cellars to the wagerera. All through this time, Messire Andreusse and Gambrinns continued steadily to empty their measures with clock-like regularity. Now and then counting up the num ber of " moos " they had drunk, I, fancied I must be dreaming. As the battle went on, I began watch ing CappelmanB with | eager, frightened eyes. But he never gave way once, only now and again saying, " So Kit — so ! we are getting on ! Drink a cup of beer— 'twill refresh thee !" I was confounded. " Tis the spirit of Van Marius which is in him," thought I, " and which up holds him ! " As for Gambrinus, with his old box wood pipe between bis lips, his elbow on his connter, and hiB cheek resting on his hand, he had, at first glance, the appearance of an honest fellow, who was smoking a quiet pipeful over the day's business. 'Twas beyond comprehension, and even the most seasoned tipplers present could make nothing of it. Upon the morning of the third day, before the caudles were put out, seeing that the struggle threatened -to be endless, the burgomaster ordered Judith to bring peed Is and thread.for the first triaL Thereupon there was loud talking, and all drew near, the better to witness the task" According to rule of the "Great Wager," the one of the two combatants who is victorious in this " first proof" has a right to choose his liqnbr, and to compel his adversary to drink the eama ; ' Gambrinus laid down his pipe, -took the needle and thread offered hiin by- Van, den Brock, and raising -his , heavy frame, and steadily fixing his eyes upon the needle, he made a trial. But whether his hand was really be-, yond his controlg-nr that the flickering of the cahdles troubled his iight, he was 'obliged to essay twice. befmie l&threaded; the| needle . — fe comparative failure, which appeared, to make a yserionB im pression upon .. the company; ' for they looked at each other in & -stupefied fashion. ." 'Tis your, turn, Cappelmans," said flie functionary. Thereupon; Messire Andreusse, rising took the thread. Without (rouble or caution, be passed it through the eye of the needle. . The mad applause which, in a moment, followed this victory was so great, that I thought really the 'place was coming down upon us. I -looked at Gambrinus. . His bossy, fleshy free was crimson, and his cheekB were quivering. After some seconds, silence bring re stored, Van den Brock struck thrice npon the table, and said, in a severe voice : — ' "Master Capprimans,. your are the Bacchic victor. What liquor, do you decide riiall be drunk to finish the wager?" " Schiedam," arid Messire AndreosBe ' — "old schiedam — the oldest arid strongest in the house." .There 'timple words" produced a re- markabie efiect upon the tavern-keeper. "No, no ! " he said leapipgup ; "beer andbeer only") No Bchiedaml"-, . ' He suddenly became pale. . ' ; ... " I am'sony to say no," said .tjie bur gomaster, in a short voice, V But the rales'' are, historical. : 1 Mesrire'lCajpel- thans is in the right," ' ,, Then Gambrinns sat down, like a man! who.has beard biB death-warrant pro nounced, and some x x I T schiedam was brought In. We, the referees, Rarimns and I, tasted this to provide against the fraud of mixing. Glasses were filled; and the fight con- tinned. By this time all the people' in Oster hoffen were crowded about the housa The candles were now ont, and it was full daylight on the third day. As the fight neared its fatal end the silence became most terrible. The fre- - quenters of the tavern were too nervous to sit, and stood on tables, chairs, empty barrels — any point which gave them a good view of the coming catastropha Capplemans had called for a plate of chitterlings, and seemed to be eating with real appetite. - Gambrinns appeared to be no longer master of himself Already the schiedam . had stupefied him. Perspiration now began to ran from' his purple face, his ears became leaden- coloured, and his eyelids drooped,; drooped. Now and again a nervous shiver would cause him to raise his head, when, glaring, lips hanging, and glancing from free to free, he seized his jug, and drank madly. Never — never have I seen anything so horribla The approaching defeat of the tavern- keeper was evident to all. "He is lost!" said some ona "He who thought himself unconquerable; has found his master ! Another jug or two, and all will be over !" Some, however, still held the contrary opinion, and maintained that Gambrinns would hold his own for qpme hours. Nay, Van Rasimus offered to be a kilder kin of ale that, if he rolled by daylight at all, it would not be before sunset. " 'Things were in this position when a circumstance, apparently insignificant, hastened matters to an end. It was on the stroke of mid-day. The cellarman, Nickel Spitz, was filling the jugs for the fourth time, while Judith, after failing in an endeavour to put water into the schiedam, had shut herself up in the kitchen, whence we could hear sobs, and Gambrinus was nodding, when the little clock began rattliDg after a strange fashion, and mid day struck in the midst of silence — bat for the sounds themrelvea The next moment the little black cock perched on the clock — and which, of course, formed part of it, after the style -of German common docks — shook his wings and uttered the usual cock-crow. TbeD, good friends, those there wit nessed a fearful scene. As the dock- cock sang out, Gambrinus leapt to his full height. Never shall I forget his gaping month, his haggard eyes, his free livid with terror. I see him still, tbroBting out his hands, as though' to push away some dreadful imaga I hear him now, crying in a suffocated voice, " He has come back— he has come back !" He tried to take flight; but his legs yielded under him, and the terrible Gam brinus fell like a bullock beneath the poleaxe, and at the very feet of Messire Andreusse Capplemans.' He was dead. ¥ » Next day, at about six in the morning, Cappelmans and I quitted Osterhoffen. And, with ns we carried away Van Marina's " Maraculous Draught of Fishes." Our return to Leyden was a true triumph. Half the city, forewarned of our coming and of Capplemans' victory, were waiting for us in the Rtreets. It looked like Sunday in Kerrnem week. But all this popularity in no way moved Mesrire Cappelmans. He bad scarcely spoken daring the weary ride home, and he seemed plunged in thought. Barely were we indoors, when his first care was to lock the door. "Kit," said the good man to me, throwing off his heavy overcoat "I must be alona Go to thy aunt, and stay there, trying to work. When I have finished die picture I will send Kobns to thee." - He shook me heartily by the hand, opened the door, saw me pass out, and then closing, he locked himself in, and me out One fine day, at the end of six weeks, he himself came for me, and took me "back with him. The picture was finished. . ' It hung upon the wall opposite the two great windowa : j Twaa, indeed,' magnificent ! " Is it pbreible," I thought, " that it is , given to men to do such great things !" Cappelmans had thrown all his heart land genius into the work, and I felt that the bpirit of Van Marios must, indeed, be contented and at rest. I nflight have stood there admiring un- til the evening, dumb with admiration; if the good man, striking me companion-; ably' on the shoulder, had not broke the , spell.',; . " Dost findit worthy ?" he said. " Ha 1 a pobt Vail Marius hada dozen such ready, in Ids head. Bnt he liked schiedam.too welL 'Tis the great tin of us'Dntchmea Thou art young, so be warned in time — -procrastination is the enemy of everything worth living for." 