UNCLE TOM. The Times in its weekly edition of Feb. rusty 2, gives the following information regarding the Rev. Josiah Henson, the original of Mrs. Stowe's "Uncle Tom" - "Among the crowd of competitors who from all parts of the earth thronged to show their wares at tleLxhibition of 1851 was a single negro exhibitor. All he had to display were four black walnut boards but they were of the finest grain and texture, were beautifully French polished, and in the end were awarded a medal. It bore the inscription, This is the produce of the industry of a fugitive Bia we from the United States, whose residence in Dawn, Canada ' In the autobiography of that fugitive slave, first published at Beaton a couple of years before, published in this country in the very year of the Exhibition, and of which the latest record is now before us in its 30th thou sand, after a career of six weeks, lay the germ of that remarkable work of fiction, the circulation of which has been exceeded by that of no book save the Bible, and which our author may be forgiven for believing was the wedge that finally rent asunder the gigantic fabric of American slavery with a fearful crash.' Yet such, in spite of the nursery protest that Uncle Tom was killed in the book, and that Father Hen can, therefore, can be no more than his ghost, is the undoubted fact, as a glance at the chapter on her hero in Mrs Stowe'aAe// To Uncle Tom's Calm must convince any reader. Our negro autobiographer was born June 15,1789 on the farm of Mr Francis Newman, near Port Tobacco, Charles County, Maryland To Newham his father belonged, and his mother had been hired out by her owner, Dr Josiah M'PheraoD, who gave the boy his own Christian name, with Hotison as a surname after an uncle of his own, who had been an officer in the Revolutionary war But one reminiscence of his father, a black Hercules 6ft. in height, always adhered to the child, that of seeing 100 lashes inflicted on him by the village blacksmith. He had struck the white overseer for offering an out rage to the boys mother. The criminal, the merriest of his race before, became thence forward a moody mutineer, was sold south into Alabama, and is heard of no more Two or three years afterwards the Christian mother was sold to a man named Riley, who kicked her away when she besought him, with bitter tears, to buy cleo her sixth and last little child, ' Shah, or Sie,' as young Henson was called, five having already been knocked down to other bidders. The hammer consigned Joshua to the tender mercies of a still worse to rent named Robb The child was often left the whole day long feebly crying ' Water '' and Mother By a kind chance however, the sundered pair were not very long afterwards re- united, Robb, who owned a line of stages, having trucked the little nigger' to Riley to pay for horse shoeing Riley, besides being a farrier, farmed a good bit of land, and as soon as Henson was old enough he was set to carry water to the field hands, to weed with a horse plough between throwing corn, and to groom him mad ern horse Then he had to do a man's day work with the hoe or the Slave's hard lot his sketches are most graphic , but the light tales of heart which he inherited from his father seldom forsook him He boasts of the knight errant with which, like Mrs Stowe a hero, be helped weak women sinking under their burden of toil, and confesses that he robbed her Wits to comfort the sick negresses, justifying the theft that he was but saving the lives of Maasa'a coa her chattels at the expense of his less valuable live stock. It was not until after those things that we are told of his conversion' at the age of 18 through the very first sermon he heard By the time he was 20 he had been so high in his master a confidence that he was virtually overseer of the estate As his body servant moreover, he had nightly to accompany Riley to a neighbour- ing tavern, where he and his boon companions met to revel. On one of these occasion, when Riley was sorely pressed by his brother a overseer, one Bryce Litton, Henson valiantly stood up for his drunken master, and soon afterwards Litton catching the black fellow alone, broke both malaria. Henson was maimed for life. At 22 Henson married his first wife, Charlotte, a well taught and devout slave r ill, owned by a neighbouring pious family She bore him 12 children, of whom the seven survive s are the staff of his green old age. Riley's affairs grew complicated, and in dread of the bailiflB, the charge of running off' the whole of his black live stock to be sold by his brother Amos, in Kentucky, thousands of miles off, was entrusted to Sie, who, as they passed through Ohio, was strongly urged by more than one Christian friend to rocke a bold dash for his own and his convoy freedom. The temptation was strong, but he withstood it, and handed the consignment to Riley's brother Amos whose estate he reached in June 1836 Here the rest of Isaac a negroes having been duly sold down South, he lived three years better off in many respects than in Mary land, and in 1823, having many years and dressed his fellows in prayer meetings, was I admitted a local preacher by the Methodist Episcopal Church. Hence his title " Rove read. ' On a hint from a brother preacher, Henson got a pass from Amos Riley in the Black time of the fall to see his old MaryUid master On his way his co religionists raised for him money enough to clinch a bomber with that man for his freedom, and his emancipation papers were duly made out on the 9th, of March, 1826. But by a sort of 'confidence' juggle, Isaac got hold of them again, feet, as he told his simple victim as he was starting once more for one Kontuc,' to tell his wife the good news, the slave catchers should seize and tear them up The scoundrel then enclosed them in an envelope and directed them to Amos under a seal to break which was felony, as he took care to remind the black gentleman, before handing him the packet By peat Le wrote his brother, naming l.OOOdol, instead of the doO agreed on, all but 100 having been paid down as the price of the trusty slave. He further advised Amos of the transmission through Henson of the sealed packet Before the dupe s arrival the story of his hopes of freedom and of the l.OOOdol, to be paid for it had got wind on the Kentucky estate, and he first learnt the line from Charlotte But he does not break the seal of the envelope , boarded, without a white witness, who was 1000 railed away, his free papers were worthless ' Uncle, Tom' may sure)) be forgiven if he evaded the question about the packet with something very like a white lie He told Amos, as he has told Charlotte, that he had not seen it since he left Louisville. He had added an 'aside' to Charlotte to be quite sure and not let her husband know if she found it in his carpet-bag. The Kentucky brother did not press the matter, and Charlotte viewed the manumission round the true owner's person when he was sent down South. Tor there cannot be a shadow. of a doubt that his forebodings, at the time of the brothers being in League to sell him at New Orleans and share the proceeds, were but too well founded Thither he was sent in a flat boat freighted with cattle, pigs, poultry, corn, and other produce, the whole being in charge of Amos Riley, jan. Henson felt sure that he also was to be put up for sale, a presenti- ment verified by the event Her horror at the fate staring him in the face was greatly intensified on the voyage by a sight of the woe stricken and hunger pinched features of his former fellow olavcB, In the anguish of his despair he was overtaken by a tempta- tion of which he must himself speak. ' One dark, rainy night, within a few days' Bail of New Orleans, my hour seemed to have come, I was alone on? the deck, Master Amos and the hands were all asleep below, and I crept down noiselessly, got hold of an axe, entered the cabin, and looking by the aid of a dim light there for my victims, my eyes fell upon Master Amos, who was nearest to me, my handBlid along the axe handle, I raised it to strike the fatal blow, when suddenly the thought came to me, ' What I commit murder 1 and you a Christian' I had not called it murder before, but Belt defence, to prevent others from mar dering me. I thought it was justifiable and even praiseworthy. All at once the truth burst upon me that it was a crime I was going to kill a young man who had done nothing to injure me, but was only obeying the commands of his father I was about to lose the fruit of all my efforts at self improvement, the character I had acquired, and the peace of mind that had never deserted me All this came upon me with a distinctness which almost made me think I heard it whispered in my ears, and I believe I even turned my head to listen I shrank back, laid down the axe, and thanked God, as I have done every day since, that I did not commit that murder My feelings were still agitated, but they were changed. I was filled with shame and remorse for the design I had entertained, and fearing that my companions would detect it in my face, or that a careless word would betray my guilty thoughts, I remained on deck all night, instead of rousing one of the men to relieve the watch, and nothing brought composure to my mind but the Solemn resolution I then made to rea sign myself to the will of God, and take with thankfulness, if I could but with Cubans sion, at all events, whatever He might decide should be my lot ' 1 His deliverance seemed to be miraculous Young Amos alter frankly avowing his purpose at New Orleans and showing Hen- don a good points to buyers, was suddenly struck down by yellow fever, and now bogged and prayed for forgiveness 'Stick to me, Sie I Stick to me too 'Don leave me. I am sorry I was going to sell you.' S to me and his enemy in the plague Brauten city, up the malarious river, and handed him ance to his father But the light of freedom had dawned upon him He Had, and on the 28th October, 1836, reached the Canadian banks of the river. He lost not a day till he found honest labour, and procured a shelter for his wife and children Three years after he hired himself to a new master His first Canadian employer had sent his boy Tom to school, and Tom had taught his father to read by the light of pine knots The marvel is that one so dark in mind till SO as he was in body should have learnt to write, and still more that he should read and spink so like a scholar that Archbishop Sumner asked him, in bed, at what University he had been trained. Bat full 15 years before that we find him thinking out the problem of political economy, and lecturing to his flock on that science, and with its teachings je paved the way for the free negro settlement at Dawn. Of the dark cloud which too soon afterwards lowered over it for something like a score of years, leaving Henson the beggared victim of his heroic and, ultimately, successful struggles to free from unlawful usurpation the fine estate of what is now the Wilber- force University, apace fails us to speak The ' Uncle Tom' torso of the life is now complete, and the end has not been unworthy of the beginning," 