THE GHOSTLY RENTAL. (Continued.) I continued to smell the flower, from time to time, for its oddity of perfume had fascinated me. I passed by the house on the cross-road again, but never encountered the old man in the cloak, or any other wayfarer. It seemed to keep observers at a distance, and I was careful not to gossip about it : one inquirer, I said to myself, may edge his way into the secret, but there is no room for two. At the same time, of course, I would have been thankful for any chance side-light that may fall across the matter -though I could not see whence it was to come. I hoped to meet the old man in the cloak elsewhere, but as the days passed by without him re-appearing, I ceased to expect it. And I reflected that he probably lived in that neighbourhood, inasmuch at he had made his pilgrimage to the vacant house on foot. If he had come from a distance, he would have been sure to arrive in some old deep-hooded gig with yellow wheels-a vehicle as venerably grotesque as himself. One day I took a stroll in Mount Auburn cemetery-an institution at that period in its infancy, and full of a sylvan charm which it has now completely forfeited. It contained more maple and birch than willow and cypress, and the sleepers had ample elbow room. It was not a city of the dead, but at the most a village, and a meditative pedestrian might stroll there without too importunate reminder of the grotesque tide of our claims to posthumous consideration. I had come out to enjoy the first foretaste of Spring-one of those mild days of late winter, when the torpid earth seems to draw the first long breath that marks the rapture of the spell of sleep. The sun was veiled in haze, and yet warm, and the frost was oozing from it's deepest lurking-places. I had been treading for half an hour the winding ways of the cemetery, when suddenly I perceived a familiar figure seated on a bench against a southward facing the evergreen hedge. I called the figure familiar, because I had seen it often in fancy ; in fact, I had beheld it but once. Its back was turned to me, but it wore a voluminous cloak, which there was no mistaking. Here, at last, was my fellow- visitor at the haunted house, and here was my chance, if I wished to approach him ; I made a circuit, and came toward him from in front. He saw me, at the end of the alley, and sat motionless, with his hands on the head of his stick, watching me from under his black eyebrows as I drew near. At a distance these black eyebrows looked formidable ; they were ths only thing I saw in his face. But on a closer view I was re-assured, simply because I immediately felt that no man could really be as fantastically fierce as this poor old gentleman looked. His face was a kind of caricature or martial truculence. I stopped in front of him, and respectfully asked leave to sit and rest upon the bench. He granted it with a silent gesture, of much dignity, and I placed myself beside him. In this position I was able, covertly, to observe him. He was quite as much an oddity in the morning sunshine, as he had been in the dubious twilight. The lines in his face were as rigid at if they had been hacked ont of a block by a clumsy wood-carver. His eyes were flamboyant, his nose terrific, his mouth implacable. And yet, after awhile when he slowly turned and looked at me, fixedly, I perceived that in spite of this portentous mask, he was a very mild old man. I was sure he even would have been glad to smile, but, evidently, his facial muscles were too stiff- they had taken a different fold, once for all. I wondered whether he was demented, but I dismissed the idea ; the fixed glitter in his eyes was not that of insanity. What his face really expressed was deep and simple sadness : his heart perhaps was broken, but his brain was intact. His dress was shabby but neat, and his old blue cloak had known half a century's brushing. I hastened to make some observation upon the exceptional softness of the day, and he answered me in a gentle, mellow voice, which it was almost startling to hear proceed from bellicose lips. "This is a very comfortable place," he presently added. "I am fond of walking in graveyards," I rejoined deliberately; flattering myself that I had struck a vain that might lead to some- thing. I was encouraged ; he turned and fixed me with his duskily glowing eyes. Then very gravely,- " Walking, yes. Take all your exercise now. Some day you will have to settle down in a graveyard in a fixed position." " Very true," said I. " But you know there are some people who are said to take exercise after that day." He had been looking at me still ; at this he looked away. " You don't understand ? " I said, gently. He continued to gaze straight before him. " Some people, you know, walk about after death," I went on. At last he turned, and looked at me more portentously than ever. " You don't believe that." He said simply. " How do you know I don't ?" " Because you are young and foolish." This was said without acerbity--even kindly ; but in the tone of an old man whose con- sciousness of his own heavy experience made everything else seem light. " I am certainly young," I answered ; " but I don't think that, on the whole, I am foolish. But say I don't believe in ghosts-most people would be on my side." " Most people are fools !" said the old man. I let the question rest, and talked of other things. My companion seemed on his guard, he eyed me defiantly, and made brief answers to my remarks ; but I nevertheless gathered an impression that our meeting was an agreeable thing to him, and even a social incident of some importance. He waa evidently a lonely creature, and his opportunities for gossip were rare. He had had troubles, and they had detatched him from the world, and driven him back upon himself ; but the social chord of his antiquated soul was not entirely broken, and I was sure he was gratified to find that it could still feebly resound. At last, he began to ask questions himself ; he inquired whether I was a student. "I am a student of divinity," I answered. "Of divinity?" "Of theology. I am studying for the ministry." At this he eyed me with peculiar intensity after which his gaze wandered away again. "There are certain things you ought to know, then," he said at last. "I have a great desire for knowledge," I answered. What things do you mean ?" He looked at me again awhile, but without heeding my question. " I like your appearance," he said. " You seem to me a sober lad." " Oh, I am perfectly sober !" I exclaimed- yet departing for a moment from my soberness. " I think you are fair-minded," he went on. "I don't any longer strike you as foolish, then?" I asked. "I stick to what I said about people who deny the power of departed spirits to return. They are fools !" And he rapped fiercely with his staff on the earth. I hesitated a moment, and then, abruptly, " You have seen a ghost !" I said. He appeared not at all startled. " You are right, sir !" he answered with great dignity. "With me it's not a matter of cold theory-I have not had to pry into old books to learn what to believe. I know! With these eyes I have beheld the departed spirit standing before me as near, as you are !" And his eyes, as he spoke, certainly looked as if they had rested upon strange things. I was irresistibly impressed-I was touched with credulity. " And was it very terrible ?" I asked. " I am an old soldier-I am not afraid!' "When was it?-where was it?" I asked. He looked at me mistrustfully, and I saw that I was going too fast. " Excuse me from going into particulars," he said. " I am not at liberty to speak more fully. I have told you so much, because I cannot bear to bear this subject apoken of lightly. Remember in future, that you have seen a very honest old man who told you-on his honour-that he had seen a ghost!" And he got up, as if he thought he had said enough. Reserve, shyness, pride, the fear of being laughed at, the memory, possibly, of former strokes of sarcasm -all this, on one side, had its weight with him ; but I suspected that on the other, his tongue was loosened by the garrulity of old age, the sense of solitude, and the need of sympathy-and, perhaps also, by the friend- liness which he had been so good as to express toward myself. Evidently it wonld be unwise to press him, but I hoped to see him again. " To give greater weight to my words," he added, " let me mention my name- Captain Diamond, sir. I have seen service." " I hope I may have the pleasure of meeting you again," I said. " The same to you, sir !" And brandishing his stick portentously-though with the friend- liest intentions-he marched stiffly away. I asked two or three persons-selected with discretion-whether they knew anything about Captian Diamond, but they were quite unable to enlighten me. At last, suddenly, I smote my forehead, and, dubbing myself a dolt, remembered that I was neglecting a source of information to which I had never applied in vain. The excellent person at whose table habitually dined, and who dispensed hospita- lity to students at so much a week, had a sister as good as herself, and of conventional powers more varied. This sister, who was known as Miss Deborah, was an old maid in all the force of the term. She was deformed, and she never went out of the house ; she sat all day at the window, between a bird-cage and a flower-pot, stitching small linen articles-mysterious bands and frills. She wielded, I was assured, an exquisite needle, and her work was highly prized. In spite of her deformity and her confinement, she had a little, fresh, round face, and an imper- turbable serenity of spirit. She had also a very quick little wit of her own, she was extremely observant, and she had a high relish for a friendly chat. Nothing pleased her so much as to have you-especially, I think, if you were a young divinity student-move your chair near her sunny window, and settle yourself for twenty minutes' "talk." " Well, sir," she used always to say, " what is the latest monstrosity in Biblical criticism ?"-for she used to pretend to be horrified at the rationalistic tendency of the age. But she was an inexorable little philosopher, and I am convinced that she was a keener rationalist than any of us, and that, if she had chosen, she could have pro- pounded queetions that would have made the boldest of us wince. Her window commanded the whole town-or rather, the whole country. Knowledge came to her as she sat singing, with her little cracked voice, in her low rocking-chair. She was the first to learn everything, and the last to forget it. She had the town gossip at her fingers' ends, and she knew everything about people she had never seen. When I asked her how she acquired her learning, she said simply-"Oh, I observe!" "Observe closely enough," she once aaid, " and it doesn't matter where you are. You may be in a pitch-dark closet All you want is some- thing to start with ; one thing leads to another, and all things are mixed op. Shut me up in a dark closet and I will observe after a while, that some places in it are darker than others. After that (give me time), and I will tell you what the President of the United States is going to have for dinner." Once I paid her a compli- ment. " Your observation,'' I said, " is as fine as your needle, and your statements are as true. Of courte Miss Deborah had heard of Captain Diamond. He had been much talked about many years before, but he had survived the scandal that attached to his name. " What was the scandal ?" I asked. " He killed his daughter." " Killed her ?" I cried ; how so ? " " Oh, not with a pistol, or a dagger, or a dose of arsenic ! With his tongue. Talk of women's tongues! He cursed her-with some horrible oath-and she died !" "What had she done?" " She had received a visit from a young man who loved her, and to whom he had forbidden the house." " The house," I said-" ah yes ! the house is out in the country, two or three miles from here, on a lonely cross-road." Miss Deborah looked sharply at me, as she bit her thread. "Ah, you know about the house ?" she said. "A little," I anawered; "I have seen it. But I want you to tell me more. But here Miss Deborah betrayed an uncom- municativeness which was most unusual. " You wouldn't call me superstitious, would you?" she asked. " You?-you are the quintessence of pure reason." " Well, every thread has its rotten place, and every needle its grain of rust I would rather not talk about that house." "You have no idea how you excite my curiosity !" I said. " I can feel for you. But it would make me nervous." " What harm can come to you ?" I asked. "Some harm came to a friend of mine." And Miss Deborah gave a very positive nod. " What had your friend done ?" "She had told me Captain Diamond's secret, which he bad told her with a mighty mystery. She had been an old flame of his, and he took her into his confidence. He bade her tell no one, and assured her that if she did something dreadful would happen to her." " And what happened to her ?" "She died." "Oh, we are all mortal!" I said. Had she given him a promise ?" "She had not taken it seriously, she had not believed him. She repeated the, story to me, and three days afterward, she was taken with inflammation of the lungs. A month afterward, here where I sit now, I was stitching her grave- clothes. Since then, I have never mentioned what she told me. ' " Was it very strange ?" " It was strange, but it was ridiculous too. It is a thing to make you shudder and to make you laugh, both. But you can't worry it out of me. I am sure that if I were to tell you, I should immediately break a needle in my finger, and die the next week of lock-jaw." I retired, and urged Miss Deborah no further ; but every two or three days, after dinner, I came and sat down by her rocking chair. I made no further allusion to Captain Diamond ; I sat silent, clipping tape with her scissors. At last, one day,she told me I was looking poorly. I was pale. " I am dying of curiosity," I said. " I have lost my appetite. I have eaten no dinner." "Remember Bluebeard's wife;" said Miss Deborah. " One may as well perish by the sword as by famine !" I answered. Still she said nothing, and at last I rose with a melo-dramatic sigh and departed. As I reached the door she called me and pointed to the chair I had vacated. " I never was hard- hearted," she said. " Sit down, and if we are to perish, may we at least perish together." And then, in very few words, she communicated what she knew of Captain Diamond's secred. " He was a very high- tempered old man, and though he was very fond of his daughter, his will was law. He had picked out a husband for her, and given her due notice. Her mother was dead, and they lived alone together. The house had been Mrs. Diamond's own marriage portion ; the Captain, I believe, hadn't a penny. After his marriage they had come to live there, and he had begun to work the farm. The poor girl's lover was a young man with whiskers from Boston. The Captain came in one even- ing and found them together ; he collared the young man, and hurled a terrible curse at the poor girl. The young man cried that she was his wife, and he asked her if it was true. She said, No ! Thereupon Captain Diamond, his fury growing fiercer, repeated his imprecation, ordered her out of the house, and disowned her forever. She swooned away, but her father went raging off and left her. Several hours later he came back and found the house empty. On the table was a note from the young man telling him that he had killed his daughter, repeating the assurance that she was his own wife, and declared that he himself claimed the sole right to commit her remains to the earth. He had carried har away in a gig ! Captain Diamond wrote him a dreadful note in answer, saying tbat he didn't believe his daughter was dead, but that, whether or no, she was dead to him. A week later, in the middle of the night, he saw her ghost. Then, I suppose, he was convinced. The ghost re-appeared several times, and finally began regularly to haunt the house. It made the old man very uncom- fortable, for little by little his passion had passed away, and he was given up to grief. He determined at last to leave the place, and tried to sell it or rent it ; but meanwhile the story had gone abroad, the ghost had been seen by other persons, the house had a bad name, and it wss impossible to dispose of it. With the farm, it was the old man's only property, and his only means of subsistence ; if he could neither live in it nor rent it he was beggared. But the ghost had no mercy, as he had had none. He struggled for six months, and at last he broke down. He put on his old blue cloak and took up his staff, and prepared to wander away and beg his bread. Then the ghost relented, and proposed a compromise. ' Leave the house to me !' it said ; ' I have marked it for my own. Go off and live elsewhere. But to enable you to live, I will be your tenant, since you can find no other. I will hire the house of you and pay you certain rent. And the ghost named a sum. The old man consented, and he goes every quarter to collect his rent !" I laughed at this recital, but I confess shuddered too, for my own observation had exactly confirmed it. Had I not been witness of one of the Captain's quarterly visits, had I not all but seen him sit watching his spectral tenant count out the rent-money, and when he trudged away in the dark, had he not a litttle bag of strangely gotten coin hidden in the fold of his old blue cloak ? I imparted none of these reflections to Miss Deborah, for I was determined that my observations should have a sequel, and I promised myself the pleasure of treating her to my story in its full maturity. "Captain Diamond," I asked, "has no other known means of subsistence ?" " None whatever. He toils not, neither does he spin-his ghosts supports him. A haunted house is valuable property !" " And in what coin does the ghost pay ?" " In good American gold and silver. It has only this peculiarity-that the pieces are all dated before the young girl's death. It's a strange mixture of matter and spirit !" "And does the ghost do things handsomely; is the rent large?" " The old man, I believe, lives decently, and has his pipe and his glass. He took a little house down by the river ; the door is sidewise to the street, and there is a little garden before it. There he spends his days, and has an old coloured woman to do for him. Some years ago, he was a familiar figure in the town, and most people knew his legend. But of late he has drawn back into his shell ; he sits over the fire, and curiosity has forgotten him. I suppose he is falling into his dotage. But I am sure, I trust," said Miss Deborah in conclusion, " that he won't outlive his faculties or his powers of locomotion, for if I remember rightly, it was part of the bargain that he should come in person to collect his rent." We neither of us seemed likely to suffer any especial penalty for Miss Deborah's indiscretion; I found her, day after day, singing over her work, neither more nor less active than usual. For myself, I boldly pursued my observations I went again, more than once, to the great graveyard, but I was disappointed in my hope of finding Captain Diamond there. I had a prospect, however, which afforded me compen- sation. I shrewdly inferred that the old man's quarterly pilgrimages were made upon the last day of the old quarter. My first sight of him had been on the 31st of December, and it was probable that he would return to his haunted home on the last day of March. This was near at hand ; at last it arrived. I betook myself late in the afternoon to the old house on the cross- road, supposing that the hour of twilight was the appointed season. I was not wrong. I had been hovering about for a short time, feeling very much like a restless ghost myself, when he appeared in the same manner as before, and wearing the same costume. I again concealed myself, and saw him enter the house with the ceremonial which he had used on the former occasion. A light appeared successively in the crevice of each pair of shutters and I opened the window which had yielded to my importunity before. Again I saw the great shadow on the wall, motionless solemn. But I saw nothing else. The old man re- appeared at last, made his fantastic salaam before the house, and crept away into the dusk. One day, wore than a month after this I met him again at Mount Auburn. The air was full of the voice of Spring ; the birds had come back and were twittering over there Winter's travels, and a mild west wind was making a thin murmur in the raw verdure. He was seated on a bench in the sun, still muffled in his enormous mantle, and he recognised me as soon as I approached him. He nodded at me as if he were an old Bashaw giving the signal for my decapitation, but it was apparent that he was pleased to see me. " I have looked for you here more than once," I said. "You don't come often." " What did you want of me ?" he asked. " I wanted to enjoy your conversation. I did so greatly when I met you here before." "You found me amusing?" " Interesting !" I said. " You didn't think me cracked ?" " Cracked ?-My dear sir-" I protested. " I'm the sanest man in the country. I know that is what insane people always say ; but generally they can't prove it. I can !" " I believe it," I said. " But I am curious to know how such a thing can be proved." He was silent awhile. I will tell you. I once committed, unin- tentionally, a great crime. Now I pay the penalty. I give up my life to it. I don't skirk it ; I face it squarely, knowing perfectly what it is. I haven't tried to bluff it off; I haven't begged off from it ; I haven't run from it. The penalty is terrible, but I have accepted it. I have been a philosopher !" " If I were a Catholic, I might have turned monk, and spent the rest of my life in fasting and praying. That is no penalty ; that is an evasion. I might have blowed my brains out- I might have gone mad. I wouldn't do either. I would simply face the music, take the conse- quences. As I say, they were awful! I take them on certain days, four times a year. So it has been these twenty years; so it will be as long as I last. It's my business ; it's my avocation. That's the way I feel about it. I call that reasonable !" " Admirably so !" I said. " But you fill me with curiosity and with compassion." "Especially with curiosity," he said cun- ningly. "Why," I answered, "if I know exactly what you suffer I can pity you more." " I'm much obliged. I don't want your pity ; it won't belp me. I'll tell you some- thing, but it's not for myself ; it's for your own sake." He paused a long time and looked all round him, as if for chance eaves-droppers. I anxiously waited his revelation, but he dis- appointed me. "Are you still studying theology ?" he asked. " Oh, yes," I answered, perhaps with a shade of irritation. "It's a thing one can't learn in six months." " I should think not, so long as you have nothing but your books. Do you know the proverb, 'A grain of experience is worth a pound of precept ?" I'm a great theologian." " Ah, you have had experience," I murmured sympathetically. "You have read about the immortality of the soul ; you have seen Jonathan Edwards and Dr. Hopkins chopping logic over it, and de- ciding, by chapter and verse, that it is true. But I have seen it with these eyes ; I have touched it with these hands !" And the old man held up his rugged old fists and shook them portentously. "That's better ?" he went on ; " but I have bought it dearly. You had better take from the books- evidently you always will. You are a very good young man ; you will never have a crime on your conscience." I answered with some juvenile fatuity, that I certainly hoped I had my share of human pas- sions, good young man and prospective Doctor of Divinity as I was. "Ah, but you have a nice,quiet little temper," he said. " So have I-now ! But once I was very brutal-very brutal. Yon ought to know that such things are. I killed my own child." "Your own child?" " I struck her down to the earth and left her to die. They could not hang me, for it was not with my hand I struck ber. It was with foul and damnable words. That makes a difference ; it's a grand law we live under ! Well, sir, I can answer for it that her soul is immortal. We have an appointment to meet four times a year, and then I catch it !" " She has never forgiven you ?" " She has forgiven me as the angels forgive ! That's what I can't stand-the soft, quiet way she looks at me. I'd rather she twitted a knife about in my heart-the soft, quiet way she looks at me. I'd rather she twisted a knife about in my heart-O Lord, Lord!" and Captain Diamond bowed his head over the stick, and leaned his forehead on his crossed hands. I was impressed and moved, and his attitude seemed for the moment a check to further questions. Before I ventured to ask him any thing more, he slowly rose and pulled his old clock around him. He was unused to talking about his troubles, and his memories over- whelmed him. " I must go my way," he said, " I must be creeping along." " I shall perhaps meet you here again," I said. "Oh, I'm a stiff-jointed old fellow," he answerd, " and this is rather far for me to come, I have to reserve myself. I have sat sometimes a month at a time smoking my pipe in my chair. But I should like to aee you again." And he stopped and looked at me, terribly and kindly. " Some day, perhaps, I shall be glad to be able to lay my had on a young, unperverted soul. If a man can make a friand, it it always some thing gained. What is your name ?" I had in my pocket a small volume of Pascal's "Thoughts," on the flyleaf of which were written my name and address. I took it out and offered it to my old friend. " Pray keep this little book," I said. " It is one I am very fond of, and it will tell you something about me." He took it and turned it over slowly, then looking up at me with a scowl of gratitude, " I'm not much of a reader," he said ; " but won't refuse the first present I shall have re- ceived since-my troubles ; and the last. Thank you, sir !" And with the little book in his hand he took his departure. I was left to imagine him for some weeks after that sitting solitary in his arm-chair with his pipe. I had not another glimpse of him. But I was awaiting my chance, and on the last day of June, another quarter having elapsed, I deemed that it had come. The evening dusk in June falls late, and I was impatient for its com- ing. At last, toward the end of a lovely summer's day, I revisited Captain Diamond's property. Everything now was green around it save the blighted orchard in its rear, but its own inimitable greyness and sadness were as striking as when I had first beheld it beneath a December sky. As I drew near it, I saw that I was late for my purpose, for my purpose had simply been to step forward on Captain Diamond's arrival, and bravely ask him to let me go in with him. He had preceded me, and there were lights already in the windows. I was unwilling of course, to disturb him during his ghostly interview, and I waited till he came forth. The lights disappeared in the course of time; then the door opened and Captain Diamond stole out. That evening he made no bow to the haunted house, for the first object he beheld was his fair-minded young friend planted modestly but firmly, near the door- step. He stooped short looking at me, and this time his terrible scowl was in keeping with the situation. " I knew you were here," I said. " I came on purpose." He seemed dismayed, and looked round at the house uneasily. " I beg your pardon if I have ventured too far," I added, " but you know you have en- couraged me." How did you know I was here ?" " I reasoned it out. You told me half your story, and I guessed the other half. I am a great observer, and I noticed this house in pass- ing. It seemed to me to have a mystery. When you kindly confided to me that you saw spirits, I was sure that it could only be here that you saw them." " You are mighty clever," cried the old man. "And what brought yon here this evening ?" I was obliged to evade this question. "Oh, I often come ; I like too look at the house-it fascinates me." He turned and looked up at it himself. "It's nothing to look at outside." He was evidently quite unaware of its peculiar outward appearance, and this odd fact, communicated to me thus in the twilight, and under the very brow of the sinister dwelling, seemed to make his vision of the strange things within more real. "I have been hoping," I said, for a chance to see the inside. I thought I might find you here, and that you would let me go in with you. I should like to see what you see." He seemed confounded by my boldness, but not altogether displeased. He laid his hand on my arm. "Do you know what I see?" he asked. " How can I know, except as you said the other day, by experience. Pray, open the door and take me in." Captain Diamond's brilliant eyes expanded beneath their dotty brows, and after holding his breath a moment, he indulged in the first and last apology for a laugh by which I was to see his solemn visage contorted. It was pro- foundly grotesque, but it was perfectly noiseless. "Takeyou in ?" she softly growled. " I wouldn't go in again before my time's up for a thousand times that sum." And he trust out his hand from the folds of his cloak and exhibited a small agglommeration of coin, knotted into the corner of an old silk pocket- handkerchief. " I stick to my bargain no less, but no more !" " But you told me the first time I had the pleasure of talking with you that it was not so terrible." " I don't say it's terrible-now. But it's damned disagreeable !" This adjective was uttered with a force that made me hesitate and reflect. While I did so, I thought I heard a slight movement of one the window-shutters above us. I loooked up, but every thing seemed motionless. Captain Diamond, too, had been thinking ; suddenly he turned toward the house. " If you will go in alone," he «aid, " you are welcome." '* Will you wait for me here?" " Yes, you will not stop long " " But the house is pitch dark. When you go you have lights." He thrust his hand into the depths of his cloak and produced some matches. " Take I these," he said. " You will find two candle- sticks with candles on the table in the hall. Light them, take one in each hand and go ahead." " Where shall I go ?" " Anywhere-everywhere. You can trust the ghost to find you." I will not pretend to deny that by this time my heart was beating. And yet I imagine motioned the old man with a sufficiently digni- fied gesture to open the door. I had made up my mind that there was in fact a ghost. I had conceded the premise. Only I had assured my self that once the mind was prepared, and the thing was not a surprise, it was possible to keep cool. Csptain Diamond turned the lock, flung open the door, and bowed low to me as I passed in. I stood in the darkness, and I heard the door close behind me. For some moments, I stirred neither finger nor toe ; I stared bravely into the impenetrable dust. But I saw nothing and heard nothing, and at last I struck a match. On the table were two old brass candlesticks rusty from disuse. I lighted the candles and began my tour of exploration. A wide staircase rose in front of me, guarded by an antique balustrade of that rigidly delicate carving which is found so often in old New England houses. I purposed ascending it, and turned into the room on my right. This was an old- fashioned parlour, meagerly furnished and musty with the absence of human life. I raised my two lights aloft and saw nothing but its empty chairs and its blank walls. Behind it was the room into which I had peeped from without, and which, in fact, communicated with it, as I had supposed, by folding doors. Here too, I found myself confronted by no menacing spectre. I crossed the hall again, and visited the rooms on the otherside; a dining-room in front, where I might have written my name with my finger in the deep dust of the great square table ; a kitchen behind with its pots and pans eternally cold. All this was hard and grim, but it was not formidable. I came back into the hall, and walked to the foot of the staircase, holding up my candles ; to ascend required a fresh effort, and I was scanning the gloom above. Suddenly, with an inexpressible sensation, I became aware that this gloom was animated ; it seemed to move and gather itself together. Slowly-I say slowly, for to my in- tense expectancy the instants appeared ages-it took the shape of a large, definite figure, and this figure advanced and stood at the top of the stairs. I frankly confess that by this time I was conscious of a feeling to which I am in duty bound to apply the vulgar name of fear. I may poetise it and call it Dread, with a capital letter ; it was at any rate the feeling that makes a man yield ground. I measured it as it grew, and it seemed perfectly irresistible, for it did not appear to come from within but from without, and to be embodied in the dark image at the head of the staircase. After a fashion I reasoned -I remember reasoning. I said to myself, " I had always thought ghosts were white and transparent ; this is a thing of thick shadwows, densely opaque." I reminded myself that the occasion was momentous, and that if fear were to overcome me I should gather all possible impressions while my wits remained. I stepped back, foot behind foot, with my eye still on the figure and placed my candles on the table. I was perfectly conscious that the proper thing was to ascend the stairs resolutely face to face with the image, but the soles of my shoes seemed suddenly to have been trans- formed into leaden weights. I had got what wanted ; I was seeing the ghost. I tried to look at the figure distinctly so that I could remember it and fairly claim, afterward, not to have lost my self possession. I even asked myelf how long it was expected I should stand looking, and how soon I could honorably retire. All this, of course, passed through my mind with extreme rapidity, and it was checked by a further move ment on the part of the figure. Two white hands appeared in the dark perpendicular mass and were slowly raised to what seemed to be the level of the head. Here they were pressed together, over the region of the face, and then they were removed, and the face was disclosed. It was dim, white, strange, in every way ghostly. It looked down at me for an instant, after which one of the hands was raised again, slowly and waved to and fro before it. There was something very singular in this gesture; it seemed to denote resentment and dismissal, and yet it had a sort of trivial, familiar motion. Familiarity on the part of the haunting Pretence had not entered into my calculations, and did not strike me pleasantly. I agreed with Captain Diamond that it was "damned disagreeable." I wat pervaded by an intente desire to make an orderly, and, if possible, a graceful retreat. I wished to do it gallant and it seemed to me that it would be gallant to blow out my candles. I turned and did so, punctiliously, and then I made my way to the door, groped a moment and opened it. The outer light almost extinct as it was, entered for a moment, played over the dusty depths of the house and showed me the solid shadow. Standing on the grass, bent over his stick under the early glimmering stars, I found Captain Diamond. He looked up at me flxedly for a moment, but asked no questions, and then he went and locked the door. This duty performed, he discharged the other- made his obeisance like the priest before the altar-and then without heeding me further took his departure. (To be concluded next issue.) 