flEWS OF TEE DAY. The following information has been for. warded to us by tho Telegraph department : — "Tho Singapore and Penang seotion of tho submarine cable has boon interrupted sinco tho 19th inst. Steamers are plying freauentlv between tho two Diaces." The Chief Secretary hns recoivod a tele, gram from tho Agent-General urgently pressing tho Government to forward money to tho banhs in England to mcot tho liabilities incurred by tho M'Cullooh Government in anticipating items of expenditure propoeod to bo inenrrod in tho Railway" Bill projected by them (the lato Administration), but wliioli was not onrricd. Tho monoy borrowed un der the Railway Loan Act passed by tho last Government is looked up in tho hands oi tho hanks, who have the nse of it at about 4 per cent. It cannot be touched until tho Railway Bill is passed. In tho meantime tho Government have to pay 0 por cent, for tho monoy advanced by tho banks for tho purchase of railway iron and plant. Abont two hundred and fifty applications, nearly all of which aro from highly eligible men, havo keen received by the Government for tlio oiliecs of classifiers to be filled under the Land Tax Act. The appointments will probably bo mado by the Executive to-day, Tho position of registrar has also been songht after anxiously by several gentlemen whoso claims to consideration aro oy no means in significant. The name of Mr. Morrali, of tlio Lands department, lias beon nutkoritavely mentioned in connection with the position, but nothing definite has beon settled. A secretary to tho commission will also be Bf jr painted. A writ for tho oleotion of a member for Rodney will be issued to-day, according to riotico given by tho Speaker to that effect. It is probable that the date of election will bo fixed for some time antecedent to tho Melbourno Spring Race Meeting. Tho electors of East Bourke, oncouraged by tho result of tho petition against Mr. Gillies, havo determined on following up tho petition eigned by a largo numbor of them in May laBt, praying the Assembly to ap. vvftitvf n. nnmmif.fnn fn Innnltin i'ntn ..l.-—..-. .usu VUQWUHlU publicly made against the hon. Robert Ramsay of having corrnptly administered tbo Government departments under his con- trol ub Minieter of tho Crown for the pur pose of scouring his election. The petition states spcoiiically that Mr. Ramsay, " in his capacity of Minieter of the Crown, did shortly before and during his oleotion appoint thirty or forty persons to eituations in tho depart ments of tho Government then undor his control, selecting all such persons from among tho electors of tho said diBtriot, and members of their families." We learn that tho petition will bo presented to tho House on Tuesday ovoning, and notice given for the appointment of a solect comuitteo to inquire into tho allegations contained in it. Yesterday tlio annual collections on behalf of tlio benevolent institutions wore made in oil the churches and chapels of tho metro, polis. The total sum raised amounted to lioarly £3500. This is in oxcess of that col- looted last year, aud, considering the urgent calls which havo recently been made upon public benovolonce, tlio result of yesterday's appeals must bo regarded as exceedingly satisfactory. The Government Astronomer reports : — Tho weather during tho greater pert of last week was cold aud dull, with light rainsbowern on tho lfitb, 17th, 19th and 20tb, and heavy rain on the early morning of tho 18th ; it was boisterous and squally on the 14th, lfitb, 17th and 20th, and vory sultry on the I'Mli, Ths 'highest tfm;'8i-:i'iiru in the shado, 02, B,- iVha recorded on'tlni aftcnioon oi the I-itU i tiie lowest, '12,9, ou lUo morning of tho lGlb. The highest rending ot tho baromotor, 30, 1C0 in., occurred 011 tho morning of tlio Kith, with a freak eouth- weatorly brooi-.o j tlio lowest, 29.020 in., on tho morning of tho ISth, with a light wostcrly wind and heavy rain, Rnin loll to tho amount ot 0.83 in., making tlio total rainfall sinco tho beginning of t.lio yoar 21,31 in., as compnrod with 16.45 in. during tho samo period in 1876, 25.49 do. 1875, 21.82 do. 1874, 22.05 do. 1873, 24.45 do. 1872, 22.01 do. 1871,28.84 do. 1370, 20.76 do. 1869, 13.69 do. 1868, 20.88 do. 1867, 18.40 do. 1866,13.65 do, 1805, 22.20 do. 1804, 24,73 do. 1853, 19.16 do. 1862, 23.20 do. 1801, 17.38 do. 1860. 17.48 do. 18fi9, 16.29 do. 1858, or nn avorago of 20.44 in. Tho arrival of ships from British and foreign porta during tho past week has beon conflnod almost entirely to tho last two days. Thoy compriso thoCassiopo nnd Tijuca, from Livorpool ; Saaramouto, from Now York ; nnlnmliiia frmn Hnlln Hrtmrvranfr frnTTl HflUff Kong via. Singapore, Queensland ports and Sydney ; Ro'aobud and Rodbronst, from Mauritius ; Lovisa and John Watson, from Poo Chow Poo ; and Rosodalo from Cardiff. Tho Inttor is a very handsomo littlo utoamor, intended fori tho Gippslnnd Lakes trade. Last evening tlio Bliip Carmarthen Castlo, from Liverpool, wns announced as having arrivod at Port Phillip Heads. 'Tho steamer Block Eagle is at tho Flinders, awaiting fino weather, beforo being nblo to do anything towards tho repair.) to tbo Tns- manian Submnrino Tolograpli Cable. A paragraph in Saturday's isouo in _ro. feronco to tbo Brunswiok police having locked up an unluoky wight who nppenrod to bo inonpablo of taking proper euro of him self caught tho oyo of ono of liis friondo, from whom iio lmd csoapod a couple of days. Tho friend lost no time in making applica tion for his rcloaso, and upon his lriond undertaking to oxorcisna stridor supervision over him tho mayor ordered his discharge. With roepoot to tho Ro'dnoy olootion, tho Riverine Herald says : — !' Mr. James Sliaokoll has lost nono of his popularity sinco tho elec tion for Rodney in May. On Thursday night I10 returned from Molhourno, aud at tho train ho wns met with a demonstration similar to tlio nnttoring ono wiucu awaitca hiin after liis 'defeat' becamo known. Tlioro wore a largo numbor of liis supporters on tho platform, who choorcd him lustily, while tbo Eohuca baud, which had boon drawn up in readiness,, struck up aomo in spiriting music. Air. Sliaokoll was driven to Martin's Hotol, whoro a largo crowd gathered. Ho shortly addressed tho ossein, bingo, doclnring his intontiou to soglc re- election, and fight tho contoet to tho end against tho hon. Duncan Gillies. Tho colo- kration lasted aomo time, and the utmost en thusiasm prevailed." With respect to tho man Campfiro, who it wan stated in Saturday's issue had reoklessly mado away with his landod property in Now South Wales, wo are informed that tho salo has been pending for two months, and was conoludod in tho regular way, tho vondor being ndvisod in tho transaction by a legal firm of standing in Molhourno. . l'ho transfer was signed in the proaonco of the Rogiotrar of Titles for Victoria. "Mr. Jnmcn MnoBain, M.L.A., was tho subjeCt of a mild butjhighly-approciatod joko at the luncheon given to his Exoclloncy on Thursday, in connection with tho National Agricultural Show. After tho Governor and president had taken tlioir seats," states tho Pleasant Creek News, " some littlo delay oo- ourred about commencing operations, wkioh eauscd somo surprise and impationoo, os. pocially amongst thoso who had como from Melbourne, and who no doubt bad had tlioir appetites whetted by travelling 176 miles. At length it bccamo known that tbo dead- look arose from tlio difficulty of finding a clergyman to pronounoo graoa. Tbo master of tho coremonics was at his wit's end, nnd rushed hither and tlilthcr, asking one and anothor if I10 wore or know of anyone present who- was a clergyman. Mr. Peek, of Mel bourne, having been nppoaled to, gravely suggested tbat tho agitatod M.C. should apply to tho Rov. Jamus Mac Bain, who eat on tho right of tho Govornor. Tho mombor for the Wimmora wns imniodintoly pounced upon by tho official, and Mr. MnoBain being no doubt aB anxious as others to see the difficulty ovcrcomo, consented to net, nnd pronounced a blessing upon tho things and tho good fellows assembled in a right orthodox style, for which all wore truly thankful.", "A novelty in tho way (of exhibits was on view yesterday at tho National Show. This consisted," statos tho Pleasant Creek News, " of a patent iuaubator, by which it is alleged eggs can bo hatched with more certainty than tbo ordinary way. Tho inventor is Mr. A. Pulton, of Stawoll. Tho apparatus used ' is very simple, consisting of a stand some what similar to a small safe, there being tbroo drawers in which tho oggs aro placed. Tiieso drawers aro lined with cotton wool, and tho necessary warmth is supplied by moans of a kcrosono lamp placed undor the maobine. Yesterday several ckiokens wero hatohed on tho ground. Tho invention is woll worthy of inspection by those interested in tho roaring of poultry." Tbo Alelbourne correspondent of the Bal tut ui. t.unt .. . 1. luspuutiiuio tui on e luuowing; — "Some curious rumors are afloat here rcspeoting tbo financial position of a gentle man who has recently been making largo investments, and who has hitherto beon credited with being ono of our vory wealthiest citizens. This is bad onough, but unfortunately there iB still worao behind, for it is further stated that tho -financial difii- culties of this supposed millionaire have affected his mind to such an oxtcnt as to' rondor it necessary to placo him under a certain amount of restraint." An hotelkeopor at Campordown named EliZa M 'Donald has beon proceoded against at the local police court, says tho Chronicle, | for supplying intoxicating liquor to abori ginals. Tho defendant was fined forty shillings, with £2 costs. Tho New South "Wales Political Reform League have, says the Sydney Evening News, carried the following resolutions on the Land Law: — " That tho prinoiple of selection be fore and after Burvey bo retainod." " That every adult twenty-one years of age, or head of a family, may free-solect a dairy farm, or sheep-farming blook of land open to selec tion. " Thnt ovory malo of tho full age 'of sixteen years may frce.solcob a dairy-farm blook open to seleotion." "1. The blocks froe-selcoted to be held on preemptive loose for twelvo yoara. 2, Tho lossoo of a free . seleotion can transfer such blook of land to any other porson, not being a pastoral tonant of tho Grown, nor to the holdor of a pre emptive lease homestoad nndcr this act con ditionally. 3. Tho lesseo cannot mortgage tho Icaoo of tho land, nor can tho lnnd bo- come liablo for any debts contracted whilo tho land is hold undor pre-emptive loase. 4. That no improvement clausa shall bo in', operation, save and oxcopt fixed residence in. a substantial homcBtead, according to tho area or means of the selector, to bo erected in seven years. Land not transferable till this is erooted ; planting with artifioial grasses and securing pormanent water. No porson shall be liable to an notion for trespass on lands unfencod, whether leasehold or free- hold." " That tho free Boleotor, his heirs, exeoutors or asaigoB, shall pay to tho Crown, from tlio dato of selection, a yearly rental in advance of throepenoo per aero for ever." The minutes of the proceedings of the con ference having boon road and confirmed, the president, after a short address to the meet ing, declared the conference elosed. Air. Burnett's second meeting for tho working classes, held in the Prahran Town Hall on Saturday last, was ovou more suc cessful than the first, a largo numbor of per- sons being unable to gam admission. An address by Mr. .Tames Munro, "On tho benefits of total abstinence to working men," aud a recitation by Mr. Callander were well received. The Southern Band played a num ber of musical seleotions in a masterly style, and Messrs. Evans and Bostin a piano and flute duet. Ovor ono hundred porsons signed the pledge, including Or. Turner, who, amidst oheers, announced from the platform his in- tention from that night forward to join tho temperanco ranks, A meeting of tho Musical Association of Victoria took place at Garton's Hotel on 8a. turday night, Horr Siedo ocoupying the ohalr. MeserB, J. Macdonald and Pirani wore elected as associates, and Miss Griffiths, R.A.M., was cloctod a mombor of tho aBSOoiation. Air. W. Salway then presented the aooounta eonneoted with tho lato concert iu aid of tho Indian Famine Roliof Fund, and explained the items of expenditure, wliioh were very satisfactory. Tho kindness of the artists who gave their cervices gratuitously, nnd tho li. boralityof tho proprietors of 'The Ape and tho Argus iu regard to their charges for adver tising, were most favorably comuionted upon. A special vote of thanks was accorded to Air. E. Aliller for his able manngoment of tho ticket department, aud after tlio transac tion of some routine business the meoting adjourned. Tho annual entertainment in aid of tho Printers' Library took plaoe nt sho Atho- uronm Hnli. on Saturday evening, the pieoe, licfifij ill? farce of Juutiog « Turtle, and th, two-Aot faihd, Tf'iti Tfi'o first nmuod piouo was performed by members oi tlio Ciixton Drnmntlo Oiub in a very credi table manner, whllo tho . cast of tho con cluding faroo wan filled bymomhors oi tho oraft, Aloosrs. Lobg'and Skooles playing tho principal characters in a vory satiBfactory manner. A bazaar in old of the St. Vinooiit do Paul Orpbauagont Emerald-hill, thofoiualos under tho cai-o of tho Slatora of Mercy, and the malca under tho ohargo of tho Christian Brothors, will ho oponed in tho Town Hall nt tlireo o'olook to morrow afternoon by tho Gfttholia Arohbishop of Alelbonmo. The lady stall holders have, daring tho last fow months, boon most indofatigablo in thoir efforts to rondor tho bpzaar snbntantially successful. Eaoh evening, whilo the bazaar continues, conoorts will bo given, conduotcd by Horr Plook, Horr Geruob, Horr Siodo, Mr. O. A. Traoy, organist of St. Patrick's Catkodrnl, nnd Mr. W. R. Furlong, choir-' mnstor of St. Franois' Ohureh. Spohr's oratorio Tho Fall of Babylon wne MniillPAfl nn Snlnrrlnif AUaninn in 41<a Hall, tlio choral portions being contributed by tlio members of tbo A'fclbourno Oratorio Society. Tho solo parts wore Bung by Miss Christian, Mrs. Hcrz and AIcBsrs. Armea Beaumont, Lamble and Angus, who on tho whole rendered the diilioult music of the groat German composor in a most ereditablo manner. .Somo portions of tho choruses wero well sung, but others made it apparent thnt some further prnotido was necessary. The band and ohorns numbered about 250 per- formora. Tlio dotailod notice of tho oratorio is hold over on noconnt of wnnt of space. Tho bazaar which was oponed at tbo Prcsbytorian sohoolroom. Williamstown, on Friday afternoon, was (SUsod ou Saturday cvoniug. Thoro wero largo attendances on each evening, tho ohiof attraction being a short play, into which ghost illusions were introduced. Tho proocoda will bo disbursed by tho Ladies' Bonovolout Sooiety to tho holploss poor in tho diBtriot.' Tho fiftoonth of a aorioa of entortainmonts, given in tho caube of temperanco at Wil; liamstown, took place at tho local Mechanics' Institute on Saturday ovoning last. There was, as_ usual, a largo attendance, -aud an interesting performance. Tho Spitalfiolds Woaver and tho Jealous Vvifo wero played to a crowded houso on Saturday night nt tho Aoademy of Al'usio. Tlio salutary presonoo of Air. Creewiok lias visibly improved tho noting of tho whola company of this charming placo of amuse, meat. Tho Troubadonrs repeated their ridiculous, funny, and diverting nonsense at tho Opera House on Saturday ovoning. Tho audience was tioklcd and amused, tho laughter boiug loud and general. Wo havo recoivod tho following contribution to tho Indian Famine Relief Fund : — E. H. 0.. os.: O- W. C., 2s.'; W. C., 2s. 6d.; Josopli Gogo. fis. Tlio Fitzroy Philharmonic Society liavo post poned thoir outortainmont that was to havo taken placo this evening, 22ml Octobor, so ns not to iu- torforo with tho Indian famine concert on Tuesday next. Tho Melbourne Debating Society will mcot us usual nt tbo Assembly Hnll this ovoning. nt a quarter to eight, when Mr. A. At'Konzio will road an essay on tho Rights of Political Opinion. The following is a report of tho Lying-m Hos pital for tboweok onding ISth October:— Patients in hospital, 4G ; admitted during tho week. 25 : discharged, 16 ; died, 0 ; remaining in hospital, fifi ; total number of out- patients for tho weok. 106 ; new cases, 12. A special meoting of tho memhors of tho Hor ticultural Society of Victoria is convenod for this afternoon, at four o'clock p.m., at tho Alolbourn' Athomoum, to rccoivo tlio report of tho com mittco respecting tho amalgamation of the Alctro- politan Society, und to docido thereon. Tho subject of Air, T. P. Hill's lecture, at the in stitution in Spring-stroot, on Saturday, wns Orni ToaehinvaudExtemuoreSneakiiiv. Honrood unnn his iionrers that thoy should shun Terblago aud cultivate condensation. If they desired to become good oral tcaohors and effective conversationalists, thoy Bhould writo, teach and think their subjcol woll out before putting pou to paper. Compo sition was the handmaid of successful publii speaking. 