Mining Progress on Gympie. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] April 21. Ev and day throughout the week the old One mile (Phoenix) has been visited by in inquisitive public When a person is unfortunate he is generally left to regulate unheeded No one visits humanness to don him The public are not in the habit of making fond and anxious enquiries concerning him, or his but if by some fortunate accident, some lucky chance, 01 by a long persevering struggle, he is at last victorious, then be is courted, (1 stored, and petted by the discriminating public. The same with claims for years a claim may be profitably worked None but the shareholders visit it the) of course are in duty bound to pay "calls' upon it. Everybody shows it, new paper con respondents and, operators included But if the least sign of show of a payable reef being struck is reported, their many anxious inquiries are tendered, mill Very little atten- tions mu paid to it When the leaf has been proved payable, or if some good specimens are over acted, the claim is politely taken from the side and gently placed in " society ' At the present moment the Phoenix is one ton When the black snake was cut below the green slope, at the 275 feet level, a din i was put in at that level to cut the reef The drive was extended 18 feet and the reef was struck The shirohoMera vi are so satisfied with the prospects obtained that they determined to continue the sinking, so as to test the thick ness of the state, and that by ascertain the extent of the block of payable country The drive was therefore abandoned for the time, and the sinking was continued Considerable speculation was indulged in as to the probable thickness of the slate Some averred that the state was only a thin stratum that had by) -some "freak of nature' got wedged in between the greenstone, consequently it would soon run out and give praise to the bird, hungry greenstone again Ten feet were sunk without any sign of change People big in to think that a valuable discovery had really been made Tiietitj felt, and still slate The greenstone began to be do noticed is a fraud I'lnrtj fcetweicaccompliahed, and the poor militancy of the goldfield was established Thosowhobotoiowero undecided, la gan to build luesliuclioldeiH remain until building also castles in the air At last after a a depth of 67 feet had been sunk, the water became so tumble some that they decided to put in a day at the bottom level to intercept the rest A distance of about 20 feet has already been day on 'They anticipate cutting tin now in about 20 or 30 feet more Last week they determined to sink a while on pass from the upper line, in which the man was cut, d SMI to the bottom drive, and so connect the two levels for by eking out the stone That is the cause of all the excitement during the week, for at each Bincissivu bri ii g d mu splendid specimens were obtained and sent to the surface I have certainly seen fal club specimens and g id of a course quality, outturn d lunn other claims here Still the above are very well, fit little High the gold is not at all nuggetty, y ear it is thickly distributed thiiiii(,hmt tin stone 11 ricks of quartz hill hundreds ondit by herewith H How sun rise and patches of the pi emms metal tube Idcd m pie turesque pi fast n, s] linnells that would adorn an exhibit in nui tv mu I the Intimate ounces of such, an Ur existing circumstances, I believe I should exhibit the "i in evils in some bank Adjoining the Phoenix to times nth, is the South Oin null Couipin)'siIniiu limes pan) consists of forty shots, thirty of wine h were taken up, that in toimqiioiicei f thcnnproudpioi picts in the Plum in, the tin that We re unallotted woiowitlldinwn '1 lit economy Willanthry dispose of them by public auction, or divide them amongst themselves like y have a g 6 to whim floated on the claim, and the shaft is sunk about 100 feet At present they are walking through a coarse conglomerate, ft mass of round w water-worn pebbles and boulders cemented together. Looks as if they were sinking through the' bed of some antediluvian river, which through the course of time had become welded together. They may meet with a bed of slate beneath. If so, they have two or three reefs to operate upon which, according to the general rule, should be auriferous. If not, and the conglomerate, overlaps the greenstone, they will have to continue sinking until the bed of state that was cut in the Phoenix is met with. Adjoining the Phoenix to the north is Jensen's lease. At the 84 feet level they started driving to the east in the slate to cut the reef. The drive, I am informed, is in 25 feet, and no signs of the reef. It is just possible that it is within a few feet of them-to the west. The suggestion is worthy of a trial. Only two men are employed, and nothing better than the antiquated windlass is used for raising the rock and water ! Therefore the progress is BLOW very. ^ Why doesn't the proprietor let the mine on tribute? Plenty of miners on the field would be glad to take it, and from the situation of the claim, and the favorable country for prospecting, he could let it upon very favor- able terms to himself. The tributes would no doubt form a co-operative company a whim would be erected, and the ground systematically and thoroughly prospected. If anything payable was discovered it would be got out quick, and the tributers, proprietor, and the district would be benefited. Crossing the road from Jensen's, passing the New Zealand junction and Golden Crown claims, we come to the South New Zealand Company. The reef, while travelling through the States in this claim, was met by many interruptions, obstructions, and obstacles before finally settling down comfortably in its bed. So far it has proved very provoking and difficult to follow. For a short distance it will be well defined and tolerably rich, and just as the shareholders imagine and are congratulating each other upon a happy issue out of all their afflictions, the reef, without giving the least warning, will jump away, splitting up into numerous than streaks and leaders in the effort. Then weeks, and sometimes months, of unprofitable prospect- ing has to be accomplished before it is met with again. About twelve months 1 since they had a payable crushing, then ' there was joy in the claim, and the storekeepers were glad. The reef broke away and could not be discovered, and the storekeepers were sad. The shareholders persevered for months, and on Thursday last a well defined reef was discovered carrying coarse gold. Should it continue her course any distance, and there is every likelihood of its doing so, a good crushing will soon be got out. No. 3 North Smithfield is another unprofitable speculation. The claim has been worked for years without the slightest return for all the money expended upon it. Not the ghost of a color has ever been found in the claim. £6000 at the very least has been expended upon it, They are driving at the 200 feet level on a good looking reef, but no gold. A good crushing was taken out by the tributers in No. 2 about five years ago. The reef abutted against a big cross course, and the golden stone vanished. If No. 8 men were to drive at the same level, upon the other side of the cross course-as near to it as possible they might pick up the continuation of the golden stone. The Perseverance Company are going in for an engine, and when erected, they intend to sink for the second bed of slate. A lady shareholder, from Maryborough, fired a shot in the reef of the Aurelia, and brought down about 150 ounces of gold. They start crushing from this claim on Monday next. Several good good specimens have been obtained from the Glanmire prospectors claim lately. They have started to sink for the second bed of slate in No. 8 South Lady Mary ; present depth 130 feet. They have a cross drive into the New Caledonia, and very fair stone has been broken down. The Ingersoll rock drill is about to have another trial. The Smithfield Extended have purchased it. They are to have a month's trial with it. If it suits, they are to give £050 for it. Mr. Elverston, the manager of the mine, is sanguine of success with it. 