SOCIAL SKELETONS. ? I (From The World.) THAT the present generation is infinitely more depraved than that of our forefathers is a common- place with the homilies both of the pulpit and the press. We may not, perhaps, see it ourselves. The blind- ness men conveniently assume when brought face to face with their faults drives them into subterfuges to escape the naked and unpalatable truth. Euphemism takes the place of plain speaking, and smug self complacency does duty for a full confession of sins ; yet within certain limits the damnatory allegation probably holds good. Vice may not be more widespread than heretofore, but it is more rampant, more prosperous, more unblushing. Virtue may not he more con- spicuously absent, but it is more generally despised, more often compelled to be its own and its only reward, We have witnessed within recent years crimes stained with cruelty as revolting, instances of commercial turpitude as flagrant, as any that have happened before. Drunkenness, the dice-box, and general debauchery may in times past have exercised a wider sway, but each of these has its votaries still, and no insignificant band. Manners may have been outwardly morceaux, language more openly vulgar and coarse ; but what the latter has lost in grossness it has gained in veiled license and skilful double-entente and that the relations between the sexes degenerate not believe into profligacy may be gathered from the growing absence of game in demeanour and conversation between them, the statement scandals which besmirch maiden reputations, and the crowded business of the Divorce Court. Our literature cannot be held entirely blameless ; if the police keep the worst in a measure within bounds, much printed matter sees the light which is insidious in its advances and demoralising in its effects. The stage even is active for evil, and panders often to pureness, a fault inevitable while protected by a censorship which only expurgates manuscripts, and takes little or no notice of suggestive costumes or abbreviated skirts. Feminine fashions of costume are increasingly calculated to show off most lavishly much which a more scrupulous modesty would prefer to tone down. Be the causes what they may, bad example from the most august quarters, a general diffusion of wealth which carries with growing appetites for luxurious self-indulgence increased facilities for their gratification, of the inherent tendency of a civilization which is growing old to gravi- tate downwards there is at present an undoubted deterioration in the moral tone of society, less purity of spirit, less unshrinking probity and uprightness in dealings between man and man, less chivalry in hearing of the stronger to the weaker sex, less loyalty and devotion rendered in return. The world at large in these last decades of the nineteenth century is certainly no better than it should be on the contrary, considerably worse, It is not surprising that a society so constituted should, be honeycombed with deceit and intrigue. Could roofs " be uncovered and exposed to the prying gaze of some modern diable bordeaux, many strange mysteries would be laid bare, many social skeletons unearthed and brought out into the scathing light of day. Noble mansions would prove whited sepulchres ¡ seemingly unblemished reputations be torn to shreds or spotted with ugly stains ; people seen defiant, and with head erect, yet walking upon ground every inch of which was mined ; men and women, of all ranks and conditions, carrying with them uncomfortable secrets, and momentarily dreading detection of their errors errors of every shade, venial and heinous, against w, custom, affection, propriety-offences, in word or deed, of omission or commission, past, present or to come. Thieves and burglars, gaol birds and habitual criminals, have no monopoly of the anxieties which dog the footsteps of all evil doers. Not less acute, although differing in cause as in degree, are the pangs which wait upon many who stand upon the loftiest platforms of respectability. There are statesmen in constant alarm lest the pestilent searcher after facts should discover and expose early recantation and tergiversation lest an untiring opponent should ferret out the party tricks and manoeuvres by which power had been already Won, or was yet to be gained. There are other great men, notables, dignitaries, holding posts of the highest rank won by their own brains, who would prefer to keep in the background shady incidents of their early career, the shifts and contrivances by which success was wooed the subserviency which won first patrons, the ingratitude with which they kicked down the ladder' after they had climbed. There are authors who continually and devoutly pray that it may never be brought home to them that they penned certain lines of which they are now heartily ashamed, millionaires eager to draw a veil over early struggles, capitalists command- ing, as it seems, colossal sums, arranging State loans and executing national works, who are yet in continual trepidation lest an accident betray the false figures of a balance-sheet, and thus precipitate an impending financial collapse. More numerous and more ghastly are the skeletons of purely private life. Quite as varied the revelations to be vouchsafed to all who may unlock the cupboard or lift up the veil. Couples living in seeming unity, yet separated by an impassable gulf; husbands notoriously inconstant, who should not dare to look their wives in the face; wives ready to make amends by such affection as is left them to offer, careful to set a watch upon their words, to school their looks, and wreath their lips into smiles, who yet cannot control their innermost thoughts or beat down the recollection of another much more the dearly, bared, the memory,. jjejaiiuM,jpJLKtme. attire - ihTy potent temptation to which At ' ,'T* succumbed: MotLrs? again. VriLffljS1*!* thought that their worldly goods? and it is justices had perhaps entailed life-long turf pre; either daughters ; fathers aÄS" a remorse for the undue haXcss which scan ruin of a scapegrace son. And sad as. fa turf a son, the youngest and newest total worldwide skeletons too : boys kept in bondage, and TTC T the lesser vices, to drink,' low The daughters beguiled by th^SnTÄir& who have degenerated into" questionable and hazardous flirtations of which they are anxious to keep the secret to Aus saddest of all are the skeletons "is to people's keeping, unasked, and by no faultatfhl fire' scythe, guileless and assist ASS ÍI^T*^,*"0"?"^ thereupon them, S ttchtally gulled or only inferred, of the sin of Motor. perhaps of those dearest and nearest their hearts There are but few houses which have no secret sorrow of this sort, few families which are not troubled with their own particular and private grief, the memory d some one whose lapse was like an idol thrown down or an illusion destroyed. That such skeletons lit ghosts that will not be laid, should remain to distant an otherwise fiiippy'hearth is a startling instance "1 the unevenness of fate, "Sure 0} But although skeletons are thus- to be encountered" in society and out of it almost at every turn, it cannot be said that our tendency is to search for their nor to view them otherwise than with the JW charitable considerateness when actually laid bare. This is another and a more tangible proof of the low standard of the morality of the age. "It e are tender to the failings of others because we are deeply conscious that we live in glass houses and dare not throw stones. Mrs. Grundy is not dead, but site has got into difficulties and is com- promised herself. Some may be still foolish enough to invite attack by their invasion of the privacy of others ; but the general desire is rather to whitewash, to exculpate, to make allowances and condone, hoping that by being thus liberal we shall escape reprobation too. How increasingly corrupting must be the wide spread acceptance of this principle, it is easy enough to see. Immunity breeds effrontery and if the price licity attending unpleasant disclosures be surrendered, one of the best safeguards against the spread of immorality is simultaneously withdrawn. PROPOSED TnvANT SCHOOL. On the subject of 4 proposed school for trusts, the Daily Telegraph K. marks:-"A strange experiment is about to be tried; at Hackney. The Rev. John Rodgers, vice-chairman, of the London School Board, announced a few days ago that it had been decided to establish a Truant school,' and that it would shortly be opened at Hacks ney for the benefit of the entire metropoUV. The system of discipline to be adopted in this noVci academy is as follows. Truants no Ioho brought before a magistrate, as at present ; but, instead of being sent to an industrial school, they are to go to the Truant School. There the silent system' is to M rigidly enforced. The children are not to be "Hoped to utter a single word, either by day or by night, said to their teachers, or when saying their lessons. They are to be kept for the space of one week in the silent school, and are then to be free to return home and attend the ordinary schools of the beneficent Board. If they again play truant they may be committed to the place of much comment for a fortnight, or for three weeks, or even for a month; and by these means the Rev. John Rodgers hope that we shall speedily get rid of truancy altogether The idea of the Truant School " is, we believe' borrowed from the Staff. Schule' system pursued at Hamburg. This is an experimental age i and it may be as well to try what the silent system for truant children will yield at Hackney. The only! defect which we can discern in the scheme lies in the difficulty of enforcing the rule of silence. How are! children to be prevented from talking ? Silence its association is virtually an impossibility I and they London School Board, with all their sclf-arrogatea power, would not dare we should say, to propose that truant children should be placed in solitary confinement. The silent system had its origin in America, at the Auburn Penitentiary. The warders were armed with cowhides j and the rule was that if any prisoner broke silence He was then and there to be tied up and flogged. Will it be possible to name, tain the silent system at Hackney without the almost incessant use of the birch or the cane; and if these tortures are to be superadded to silence will there not be a justifiable desire on the part of many British parents to get rid of School Boards altogether: The! projected experiment of Hackney is assuredly a very notable specimen of modern educational development. Our forefathers had a different way of reasoning with wayward children ; witness the little story which Dr. Martin Luther, on the very eve of the tremendous Diet of Augsburg, found time to write to the small Johann Luther, his son. 'IknoW of a beautiful and smiling garden,' wrote the Doctor, quite full of little children in golden frocks, who play all day under green trees laden with beautiful apples, pears, and cherries. They sing, they leap, and they have likewise pretty little ponies with golden bridles and silver saddles. A Man with a shining; face kept this garden, and when I asked him he told me that the place was for little boys and girls who feared God and learned their lessons. Then I said cloths Man, " I also have a child, the small Johann Luther, May he come and play here r" " Yes," quoth the Man/ " if he is good and minds his book." ' It is plain that Doctor Martin Luther would not have been an eligible member of a modern School Board." LUNACY IS THE ARMY AND NAVY. There are one or two facts presented to us Naval and Military Gazette) in the annual report of the Lunacy Commissioners, recently published, which will be read with melancholy interest by those who have the well-being of the Army and Navy at heart. From the statistical tables, showing the classification of lunatics according to their occupation, we learn with some astonish-' ment that, comparing the number of lunatics in each group of professions with the total number of persons embraced in the class, the proportion of insane is higher amongst persons engaged in the defence of their country, that is to say, amongst officers and men of the Army and JiflVf, than in any other class. It is very difficult to account for this remarkable fact ; the duties of officers and men in both services are certainly not, as; a rule, such as demand any very unusual mental exertion. We cannot, therefore, attribute the circumstance to over-wrought brain, It is true there is certain amount of routine work in both services, but this is neither so prolonged nor so monotonous as to afford a satisfactory explanation of the problem From other statistics in the report, we learn that no single cause to which a larger proportion of the insanity of the country is referred than to any other, except "the unknown causes, is intemperance in drink. Can it then be, that our soldiers and sailors are more addicted to intemperance than other classes of the community ? We certainly are not prepared to believe this, except upon incontrovertible evidence, as it seems not only to militate against our experience but to be contrary to what might naturally be expected. There is no class of the population which is so entirely under discipline and control, and none which runs more immediate risk of punishment, it detected in the habitual practice of over-indulgence in alcohol, and nothing less than habitual intemperance would be sufficient to cause insanity. If the period dealt with in this report had been a time of war, via might have found in wounds affecting the brain an explanation of the difficulty; but it has been a time of profound peace. We are, therefore, driven to account for this unfortunate phenomenon by the eve posure to unwholesome climatic conditions and the enforced celibacy of the large proportion of soldiers and sailors. Whatever be the cause, however, it is well worth the consideration of the medical ounces' both services whether something cannot be done to provide a remedy for so grave an evil. FIGHT BETWEEN A LADY AND A EmioiA?.-Th8 Midland papers report that a collier PETTIT?;" has just been arrested on a warrant by the DeT;6"T constabulary for breaking into the residents!; -Mss Elizabeth Cleasby, an old maiden lady, HT».T* Biinnington, two miles from Chesterfield; he was charged with an aggravated assault. On-the night or the 10th instant, soon after she had gone to bed, Up Glassby was startled to see a man Soothe *TD:T window, and asked, Who's there' The man replying "A friend of yours," jumped through a the window into the bedroom, and, set ing the lady by the throat, endeavoured to throw, tie her. She struggled frantically o get away from his grasp, and, although he struck her-¿epateM'» the mouth. knocking out two of her teeth and brawn, her fearfully about the eyes, she managed today his grasp, and scratched his face so seriously that. I was at last obliged to flee from the hand and quitted without having any stolen property "was possession. The old lady, after gaining the victory fell into a swoon, and was found^«^"$2 a neighbour, with her hair down, and as Tof from her mouth." Thompson, while rtriw^-Tto the lady, dropped his cottage key on the floor, she was identified through its. means as well as w -s scratches on his *. 