v PUBLIC AMUSEMENTS. Have a care of your entertainments. — Merry Wives, IV- % 5- Victoria Theatre. Shakspe are's grand tragedy, " Hamlet," has been produced at the Victoria Theatre, Mr. Dampier talcing the title role with marked success. From the very favourable reports of the Melbourne Press much was anticipated from the performance of Mr. Dampier, and it is but fair to that gentleman to say that, so far, he has proved him self equal to the occasion. Quite a crowd assembled within the walls of the old "Vic." on Saturday night, to witness the first appearance of Mr. Dampier, and, if applause may be accepted as a proof of ability, then may that actor congratulate himself upon having achieved another success. The pourtrayal of the Prince of Denmark was thoroughly finished and scholarly ; his advice to the players, and his denunciation of the murderer of his father, in his interview with his Queen Mother, in the closet scene, may be selected as the most powerful and artistic portions of his performance. The advice to the players was given with an ease and naturalness, and, withal, impressiveness, that at once stamped Mr. Dampier as a reader of considerable power. Hardly so successful is he in the more impas sioned and declamatory passages as in his quiet and sentimental mus ings; At times, when worked up to extreme passion, his articulation is somewhat rapid and jerky, and there is a tendency to straining for effect, by laying too great stress on the first letter of certain words, the result of which is extremely disagreeable, and certainly anything but euphonious. Mr. Ryan, as the King, was execrable. Why does ho not " read, mark, learn, and inwardly digest " the advice to players ? To emphasize and mouth and maul every word does not consti tute a player, and Mr. Eyan would really confer a benefit upon the public, without injury to his theatrical reputation, if he would take a hint given to him in a friendly way. With the exception of the above named fault, Mr. Eyan is a valuable addition to a company, as he is generally very letter-perfect and painstaking. Mr. Punch regrets that he cannot say much, if anything, in favour of Miss Pixley's Ophelia. It is a part thoroughly unsuited to this young lady, and therefore she must not be blamed for not doing it full justice. Mr. Bartlett appeared as the Ghost, and, as might have been expected from this gentleman's past doings, did full justice to the character. The green gauze with which he was veiled did not add to the effect, however, and, from some cause or other — may-be the extreme heat — Hamlet's ghostly father failed to appear, as was his wont on earth, " armed from head to foot." The apology for armour was simply an absurdity. To Miss Adelaide Bowring was entrusted the imper sonation of the Queen, which was ably sustained by her, excepting, perhaps, the closet scene, in which she failed to pourtray the dual qualities of mother and queen. To Mr. Holt much credit is due for the manner in which he represented the " first grave-digger." Of the rest of the characters, the less said the better. The babies mustered in good force, and- shewed their appreciation by squalling their loudest at Mr. Dampier's best points, an example that was followed by several older babies of the larrikin order, who ought to have known better, and to whom a cow-hide smartly applied might prove a caution. Theatre Eoyal. On Tuesday last Horace Wigan's drama, entitled " Rag Fair," was produced. Sensation seems to be all the " go" at this house now. ' Rag Fair ' is put on the stage, in the matter of scenery, in the Royal's best style, which, it is needless to say, is excellent. The " properties " are also very good ; and the public fully appreciated the donkey. Could it be a fellow feeling that made them wondrous kind ? Miss Lottie Wilmot was advertised as being the great attraction, but did not fulfil the expectations of a too sanguine public. It would be impossible to critisize her "acting, there was so little of it. Mr. Chaplin acts his part— a very good one — wi h his accustomed tact and vigour, and the " low comedy" part of " Charles Brightside," or " Cheap Jack," is enhanced in value by being entrusted to Mr. J. A. South. Mr. J. J. Welsh as " Silas Flint" is not a Eighton, but acts his part uncom monly well, especially in the auction scone. The piece appears to draw well, from which it may be argued that the love of sensation is rampant in New South Wales. Mr. P. wishes it wasn't ! Mr. and Mrs. Bates have arrived from New Zealand, and make their first appearance on Monday. Mr. Punch has very pleasurable recollections of the very artistic performances of these e'ever artistes, and prognosticates a warm reception for them from the Sydney Public. Mr. Levy. Mr. Punch has had the pleasure of being present at a musical matinee, hold at Messrs. Nicholson and Asclierberg's Piano Warehouse, George- street, at which the celebrated and world-known cornet player, Mr. Levy, entertained a few of his friends to some of his choicest morceaux. As a cornet player Mr. Levy stands unrivalled. The rich, pure tones, produced at one time with the fulness of a trumpet blast, at another with the silvery sweetness of a flute, combined with an almost faultless manipulation of the instrument, render his performance one of the greatest musical attractions that can be imagined. Mr. Levy makes his first appearance before the Sydney public on Monday next, at the Masonic Hall. 