THE LOUNGER. And up-country friend of mine-a farmer — wnnted to engngo a generally handy hand to do odd jobB nbont his house the other dnv »nd advertised for one in tho local nanor- the first to answer the advertisement was a man who, though rather seedy in his dross looked to bo respectable. My frieml. think ing that tho mnn had seen bettllMavs ema: " I don't think tho work will auT I want somebody who can handlo an axe 'or hammer and chisel, or a piok and shovel- jjE-fCt:, a man of all work." The seedy-look- ' individual replied that ho was sue-, ne would bo able to do what was re qu red, whereupon tho farmer aBked what way.es he wanted, and was rather staggered when tho fellow responded : " Oh, if you'll giye me my grub I'll not aBk for any wages There aro a good many places about hore' aud I can easily find a few things that will get me beer and tobacco." He felt sore fiy0 minutes afterwards, and applied for no moro jobs in that district, Tho mystery of Sulieman Pasha is cleared up. A correspondent, who says ho knows all about it— and I never know a correspondent who didn't— says there is nn Sulieman Pasha, or rather, there aro several of them. They aro of divers nationalities, nnd they all sign their home letters Suliomnn Pasha, nnd divide the screw, working in concert, This settles tho wholo matter, for np to now wo had believed him to be like the Ancient Mariner, who was at once — " Tho cook and the captain bold, And mate of llio Nancy fori#, And tho bo'sun tight, and a midship mlto And the crew of tho captain's gig." ' , They nro having good times at Hushworth but they have not yot got the right system of working. They want a pig; I read that some miners had got 2oz. from a bucket of wash, I wanted to try my plan, so I weighed my pig and gave him a bucket of wuah to experiment on; The pig got 71b. out of that bucket. I know ho did, because I weighed Dim again. That's the style of mining for Colliiigwood Flat. Women, it is said, don't understand law. I think they don't. A harmless bailiff went down to Mrs Jiff's, and took just a little bill of sole, and Mrs Jeffs threw slops on him aud tore np tho' bill of sale, and can celled her bond that way. It was nn Alexander-like way of untying a legal knot, but the bailiff didn't see it ; and if I'd been in his place I don't think I should have Been it. Mrs Jeff's style of makiug up slops wouldn't suit me. . The belief in spiritualism seems to bo rapidly spreading, if I. may judge from an advertisement in the Argus " Young mar ried mBn, bill-poster with Mr Milman at the time of his death, please apply to Gordon and Gotcb." I am very sorry for Gordon and Golch'B firm, and for tho gentlemanly clerks that part their hair in the middle, if tho ghosts of married men are to be adver. tised for in this way. If a spiritual copy of tho Argus is read in the "circles," there will be a slight disturbance in that elevated society. How does Mrs Young Married Mnn feel about it ? If Bhe should bo on tbo point of marrying again it wonld bo lather unpleasant if a clerk from Gordon and Gotch were to walk into the ohurch with the remark, " I beg your pardon mndam, but there is a young ghost outside, most gc-nllemanly fellow, says you're his wife." Things are coming to a pretty pass, indeed, when even a well-regulated grave yard is no haven of refuge, and the agony column of the Argusjis appealed to to disturb well- organiBed corpses, and bloek the labor market with spiritual outsiders. " Pando"in " Youug Victoria " has hit tho ail on the head, probably because he has been hit elsewhere; on the propelling feature, perhaps. He nnka why are the Government so tender respecting tho cuticle of Stale school scholars, and so obtuse to tho cries thnt issue from sufforcrs under the birch in private Bohools, He says this is obnoxious class legislation. I think it is flagellation out of class myself. " Poor " Pande." The only comfort I can give this sufferer, from Solomon's proverbs, is the product of my experience as a schoolboy. Iu future, Pande, if you are to be caned, fight, and then yon'll get birched; The birah hurts the most, but it doesn't last like a caning, nnd if you get birched often — say twice aday for two months — yon'll get hardened to it, and oaro as little as I did, " Wlicn I was a schoolboy gcd ton, Mighty llttlu Greek X know, Stripca across my jacket and now and then, Stripes across my trousers too." That was the song wo sang when I was a boy. Talking of school matters, "Young Vic toria" gives an account of a game athnre-and- honnds among a lot of Oollege boys, In my days at the " 'Varsity," we abandoned these boyish gameB, and I am sorry for it for "Big side, hare and hounds," liveB yet in tho memory of many a public-school boy, On this occasion the bares seem to have been smart, They busted up tho fluid, nnd were fiund nt last under the eye of a pretty barmaid, doing S. and P. in a railway refreshment room. Not n bad form for a hare I I wouldn't mind being a hare myself cn those terms, always . provided that the master of the hounds shouted. It was in a bar. There were tlirco or four people there arguing. The Bubject of tho argument was the war between Bussia and Turkey, " Wouldn't I liko to bo there to havo a fling nt them Boosians," broke out one at last, smiting himsctf across his chest, " You I why you'd turn tail directly the first shot was fired," remarked one of tho others, " Sir," observed tho first speaker,. " thnt'B an iuciniution .vdliich I computes to your ignor ance. No gentleman should doubt another gentleman's word I toll you sir, I have mj self fought for my country." He was asked " Where 1" " In tho Crimea, sir," proudly replied the soldier, repenting his formor notion of striking his chest three times in succession. "What regimontdidyou belong to 1" asked tho original querist with a moat imperturbable gravity, "To tho th sir, one of the finest regiments of the line Bir, that received honorable mention for its conduct at tho battle of Inkcrmmi. Tho individual who had been so pertinacious in his queries, rose from the form on which he had been seated, and confronting him who had fought and bled for hia country said, "I hate a liar, and yon're one," " Sirra what's that you say ?" asked the bravo, "I, say yondro an infernni liar I Now, what have you to say to that? I say tho— the never »S,vnt Inkorman. I l olongod to them mysoifV'A'he bosom of tho other heaved majcstica/iy with some sort of emotion, nnd for a few seconds ho was unable to articnlnto nword. At InBt, he broke forth— " Sirra, you have roused tho British lion within my bosom — no man calls me a liar with punity ; if bo was as big as Goliath I would Btrikc bim to tho ground at my feet." He then, with bis arms folded tightly serosa his breast, marched to and fro the bar ejaculat ing " Grout Heavens! it is more than man can stand;! ennnot stand it;" and after some half a dozon turns, walked np to his oppo nent, and looking him fiercely in the face, said: "Will you daro to repeat that expres sion, sir?" The oilier coolly remarkod, "Yes; I sny again you're a.liar;" upon whioh tho Cri mean hero raised his hands aloft, and cried, "Good Heavens! this is more than mortal man can bear," and strode uut of tho bar nnd dis appeared. Adam missed one of tlio luxuries of life. couldn't laugh in his sleeve. What bus mako thoso railroad men blood-thirsty 2 Before they loft thoir posit ions they were tender men, 