Northern Territory Times. PALMERSTON: SATURDAY, June 26. THE game of cricket with the English speaking race has become a passion. An All England Eleven arriving in the colonies arouses the feelings of all classes to fever heat, and thousands attend the matches played between the cricketers from England and the best teams that can be got in the various colonies they visit, and the many who cannot attend, but who have a love for the fine old English game, watch the result with interest. Cricket Clubs have been established in this part of the world, have given up the ghost (the poor printer at onetime having to keep the bats and balls in pawn—but debt was paid honorably—) the interest in the game has several times been resuscitated by the efforts of one or two individuals, and now the Club under the auspices of V. V. Brown is flourishing Brighton(ly). The cricket ground has been, under the energetic superintendence of Mr. Holloway, thoroughly cleared, and at no time since the establishment of the first Club has it presented such a good surface for a game of cricket. We wish there were more people in Palmerston to make two good elevens. We hope the gentlemen forming the present Club will be successful in their endeavors to keep up the sport which is now so dear to every English, if not to every British heart. The news from the diggings is still favourable, but yet we hear on all hands a great number of diggers are leaving by the next steamer. We cannot understand how that should be the case, as it is said they make good wages when sticking to work; but we must suppose the climate and want of social enjoyments are the cause. To go to work, prepare yonr own food, make your “own bed,” &c.;, does not suit every “Britisher;”' and that it is better to be “to whom” with a small screw and homely comforts, than be in the Territory, like Micawber waiting for a big nugget to turn up. Weare glad to hear that Mr. Holt is, pretty successful in his efforts to establish a! night school. It is a great advantage to youths who are engaged at other occupations during the day. Mr. Roderick Travers, a New South Wales squatter, and a friend of Mr. Sergison's, has applied for two thousand miles of land in the Territory, on pastoral leases. He intends to send cattle over to stock the runs as soon as possible, and will most probably send some cattle and sheep for the butchers by the Atjeh. A correspondent says :-The lovers of that old English game-cricket-will be pleased to hear that it has again received, «n impetus in Port Darwin. At one; time there were several good Clubs in existence here, but owing to so many members of each having left the Territory, the spirit of the game seems to have partially died out. However, we are glad to find there is a sufficient quantity of tile material of which cricketers are made yet left to have resuscitated it, seeing that on the 8th instant there was a meeting convened hy Mr. Y. Y. Brown, held in Barclay's room for the purpose of, taking into consideration the advisability of forming a new Club, at which all necessary pneliainaries for establishingthe same were canned unanimously. We trust it will receive from the community of Palmerston support to ensure its success. Judging from the feelings ex- pressed towards the movement sides, we think there is very little doubt requsite support will be accorded. It will be seen elsewhere the opening match was held on the 20th June. 