The Davenports in Singleton. PROFESSORS Davenport and Fry made their. debut before a Singleton audience for the first time in their remarkable career on Monday evening last, at the Mechanies Institute, tt had teen feared Itiat, owing to the late T>e?<r rains, "and nncroseable state of the Hunter, ti?e- would hare Iteett 'tbj Jew present, bn* Kβ of the performers seeded too much for the efc iaonta -aady oa tfee whole, a cspOat-Eaegs was-ifce-ieealt. ¥c say capital—that, is, in ??t-of number*—for tote of truth forbid* the. addition: of "-quality,* since- f hrr iwrrHriTtT MMtritniTt rtrnmnt,. by tfm-gc coincidence,, wo. ?t ,-fimrr g—"**** * imwmpnay-.? She. comenatio?. awl entertainment. So much haviag beea niA cut. "The JDeeoperto* already, a jUghtallueiott to their programme. will suffice. The first portion consSsi&of; the "cabinet mysteoes," performed with the Eghte up; the aeccod includes- Professor MitcbdTe ?'.* fire-eatjag:* performance*; the "darfceeance," or-chief feature of the evea in& icing zeaerved a* the wittd-np_ The. whilom ? paraphemalui ie of the simplest description, coaisistuig> appar ently, or a large box, or cabinet, fitted with folding doors, -which: opes to tbe audience, and contains sitting; accommodation JTor three person*—the two performers oa either side, -with a place jaihe ?centre for.* gentle*. "mart nominated- by the audience to be locked up. , Half-a- dosea ordinary braes bells, a violin, or tiro, several large and inHated lookinc banjos, Bad a sprinkling ol tara boorine*, name with the parchment hanging loose, together with sundry coil? of ordinary )" clothes-line" rope, complete the accessories. At a request from Professor Say. two gentle men, were at ooce asked, forward oa tn the stage to act as inquisitors, and to- openly examine the cabinet ana instruments. The former, it shoald lie said, stands abont two ioet clear from the stage, and ie is no way connected oa an? etde. Sir. W. C. Browne. U.L.A-, and Mr. Percy Waddy were oomi natod by the audience, and after having; made a nunnte examination on all points, end evidently satisfied themselves as to the "no collation" statement, proceeded tot bush the mediums hand and foot into the chairs alluded to inside tie cabinet—Me Browne, Xα the andlence's right hand, trying his skill job Profeasor, Fay t Mr." "Waddy doing like serrice. for Mr. Dafrenport,- the' " ftre-eafer,"" meantime, giving them, the closer assistance of a lighted candle in. securing the knots. This operation occupied a considerable time, -until the amateur?, having literally cob webhed their victims, and fastened both hands to tbe backs, ot the chain, described what they had done and stepped back—air.. Waddy taking the precaution of a farewell peep ac the doors were closing. IXo sooner had they slammed to than a bare hand and wrist was thrnst from an aperture: in. front brandishing a couple of l>el!s, the signal for a regular pandemonium of nn-niusical instrn vinente. to commence; guitars strummed, ; hells rang, fiddles Bcraped, and tambourines Tattled most distractedly, four or five bare hands, and one arm. bared to the elbow, pat ting in an occasional, appearance nt the diamond-shaped opening, ; A knock was next heard on the cabinet from inside and the doora widely opened, when hoth gentle men were found in their places lashed as before, and the- internments piled in front of them. The experiment w?e next repeated with the variation that, after being locked np fora minute or so, the ropes were found; Bcattexed about and tic" prisoners! free. Xaocked up again for ? moment, the doors were once moro opened to disclose them lathed firmly as before. HCr. : Waddy having again been overcautioos to have a last look, no sooner .got. hi* ncok inside .than he, amidatlond langhtor, jamped back with a tambonrine -nnaccotintabljr hanging round bis neck. Mr. : Browne, too> having been requested to place a hat borrowed from one of the audience firmly on the imprisoned Davenport's head, had no sooner, done 'so, and turned his own, than he fonnd himself to be wearing it. Several'more, like enr prisea Trere given, after' which Mr. ?? Waddy agreed to take a seat* between* the two per formers, hie right hand on Me. .Davenport's ehoulder, and his left on- Professor fay's, knee, bis own knees being piled several feet high with the indispeiiMbte gnitars, et<i, topped by ? pair of brass belta.. . In this state the three were shut up fora minute, a most .nondescript confusion of sounds com mencing at. once, whilst half-deadened by the clatter and knocking", the assistant's voice conld be just, made outtrying tosay ; something; ? Hands, and tamboarines: once; more appeared at the lvindow, hells tumbled ont, the fiddles again screeched, but once more both men were aiscoverod. tightly bound. Mr. Waddy declared publicly that neither had moved, although objects of some sort, at his own particular'request, struck or tonchedMrimronany portion of his body ie chose to name. His gold watch was found to be dangling by. tbe chain from hia waiat ,eoat—? fact" for which' Mri "Waddy could in 'no way acconnt. A more conclnsrve experi ment! closed the ? first portion of the pro-' gramme, when a spoonful of flour was placed in the palms of each performer's hands, and ; both, aftera. short pause,, walked on to the stage, freed fron the ropes, and still holding the flour onspUled. Professor Mitchell fol ' lowed with his performance, after an interval often minutes. In this particular branch, Mr. Mitchell's rival would, be"hard to find as the applaxue that followed testified. Three gentlemen.acfcd as examiners as.,:to the genuineness of the materials used. Pouring burning kerosene, lead, sealing-wax, eta, into hismoitih, drawing his toogne across, a red-hot bar of iron held by an eseiatant, nnd, lastly, biting with his teeth a piece from the end of the same rod when re . heated,"were among ? the fcato performed. The entertainment finished- with Professor Fay'e "dark seance," which is too- welt; knofrn to need much' description.. ? The'Tiall 'was, of course, in utter darkness during a greater portion, of the time, both Meosrs. Davenport and Fay being seated on either side ot a small table in the centre of the platforai,' with their musical instruments, etc, spread .promiecuously upoa it. Four referees in tbie case took up. positions on the .stage—Messrs. "WT. C Browne, P. Waddy, C. Croft, and J. A. W. Bamlyn. Tiiqnid plioe phortms being poured over the instruments, and IJEhts ordered oat, the n&xt; moment tambourines, gnitars, etc., were to be seen and hoard moving throngh the nir at their convenience, making greater flights nt 3lr. Kay's successive orders— *' higher, higher. 1 ' Lights were turned on, anil i>oth watchers and watched were at their posts, and the instrumentsstrewzi o-roiand, ao motion having been detected on the l*rofcssors' part. They were next bound hand antl'foot, their lee placed on sheets of p.-iper .-mci pencilled round, with a, shillini; l.iitl upon c.-ich foot. Darkness ag.iin rulciJ, and the same things occurred with an ei.-ictlj similur result. Perhaps the chef trmitre of ilij erening was that of Jlr. Kay's coat liying off and on afjaiii in an instant, he being j at the same time well lashed to n. chair with hiK hands tied behind, him, and the roye knots sealed with scaling-war. At a given word the candles were blown ont, and with a rush the coat could heard taking its de parture, and Mr. Fay immediately was dis covered sitting tied, but in his shirtsleeves. In like manner the garment was cleverly rc tnrned to his'body. The feats on the whole served .to nitzzle all present, nouc of'whom come away much the wiser as to how they were performed. Mr. J. H. Jenkins' piano forte accompaniments ..and solos were no small addition to the cntvrtaiument. This gentleman has not only much execution, but plays all his passages- with considerable freedom and taste ; bis rendering of the " Ghost Melody" from, the Corsican Bro thers, afforded a. most enjoyable illustration of this... ' ; "We are informed that having by invitation agreed' t&remain; and perform iv Singleton last nicht; {he entertainment announced for 3{usweUbrook was unavoidably postponed. The company has, however, arranged to play in that town to-night (Wednesday) instead, without fail. The second performance was jfiven in Singleton last evening. 