THE MYSTERIES OE CRIME; OB, The Experiences of an Edinburgh Detective.—No. XLII. [Published by special arrangement with the Author.] A MURDERER'S STORY. Most of my readers, I dare say, liave no ticed how firmly first impressions take hold of the mind; Yet they are not always cor rect—nay, they are very, very often entirely wrong. I have heen nose-led into making an ass of myself by them many a time. We may meet a man of repulsive features or ungainly aspect on the street, and shudder instinctively as we set him down as fit for a murderer at least; but by-and-bye we are drifted together and become acquainted. Then, lo! his ill looks gradually disappear, and we discover in him one of the best and most genial of souls. And this is only one example—it is life all the world over. Now, though in the present case the sym pathies of the reader may veer round, as mine did, from the injured to the injurer, let it-not be thought for a moment that I mean the story as a palliation of crime. Minder means the gallows*, and if fate acted more, kindly in this case it seemed only in perversity, when life seemed value less to the criminal. I merely wish to sho\y' life as it exists, ' Even in a quiet,. peace ful village, humanity can burst forth, crime stained and terrible, startling all, far and near; and no true study of the passions which sometimes rend our breasts can be altogether unprofitable. Shortly after 9, one fine morning in July, the following message' came in from the vil lage of C , a picturesque little place about two miles from Edinburgh. ' " A man named Donald Black has been shot in the glen this morning. Has been conveyed to his home, where Dr. —— at tends. Is.fi.ot expected to live. Suspicion points to one man as the aggressor; but as the injured man has not yet spoken, per haps it would be better to send Some one out to investigate before any arrests are made." ' ~ The slip being placed m my hand with out comment of any kind, I knew that my ordinary work, for that forenoon at least, was postponed. I took a cab out, as there is neither coach nor rail, and was soon in troduced at the home of the injured man, which I might have discovered blindfold, if only by the excited and gabbling crowd as sembled outside. Inside I found the medical man, a magis trate, and the police superintendent for the district. The injured man, who had received the shot in his side and arm, had bean treated to chloroform while the shattered limb was being removed; but about kali an-hour after my arrival he recovered suffi ciently to make the following brief state ment, which, being looked upon as a depo sition, was signed accordingly " I don't know who shot me, but I've a good guess : it must have been Jamie Craig. I was just going down through the glen to my work at the mills as usual, about half-past 5 this morning, when I heard a sort of rustling among the bushes close to the path. I started back and stood still, thinking it was a,rabbit or a hare, and ex pecting it to jump out; but then there was a flash and a shot, and-I felt a terrible pain,' as if my side was torn away. I. think I fell down off -the path among the bushes on the other side, but I saw no one, and minded no more tiirT-found myself here. Craig has hated me for long, because Katie Bell left' him for me before she went to the bad. He has threatened me often of late, but I never heeded him, but just laughed in his face. If I die, he is my murderer." Thus far my sympathies were all with the injured man. He was young and good looking, and now to my eye appeared to be rapidly sinking—so great an effort did even these few words cost him—cut down in-the pride and flush of youth, the victim of a deliberate and outrageous attempt at mur der. He fainted clean away when the last words of his deposition was scarcely out of his lips, and the doctor at once turned us .'all out, that he might be agitated no further. Then I got the address of the suspeicted muadeieii rod, slipping oat by a bask door, got away frop. the house and villao-e unseen. •. - ° - We had only about a.quarter of a mile to • .. a eottage behind soine gO. The house had trees, & little bach from the roau, rather a lonely appearance, with its trailing Jdants and roses dangling in the wind, neg x ect'ed andj uncared-for. The door" stood ajar; but though sure of. the house, in common politeness I knocked, and was instantly told to " come, in" by a firm male yoicn. I went in;; A young man, pale and hag gard, but quite >hrm, ,and collected, rose at my entrance, and motioned me to a seat. I remained standing, ihbwever,curiously study ing the;face. before xne, as well as the apart ment itself. - "James Craig, I believe," I said, in grave enquiry. •• - "Yes, that is my. naioe,"':. ; s There was no fear or trembling in the an swer. Cn the contrary; the words came out with a passionate burst and a dauntless kindling of the eye that told of the -fires still smouldering beneath. I went to the door and motioned" to my companion, the Superintendent, to enter,' and then, without another word, walked straight to. the fire-" place, over which a gun was suspended across two nails. I took the weapon down, tried the lock, and smelt and inspected the barrel. " This gun lias been nrect recently," 1 said> without looking up or addressing ailv one in particular. But the suspected man answered at once, without a quiver— " It has." I was a little startled, and though a good deal hardened, even then, I believe for the moment I was more agitated than the mur^ derer himself.- - "You'd better be cautious what you say," I warned; " it will all be lised against you." " What care. I ?" was the fierce rejoinder. "I've been waiting for you, and rin glad you've come. The time went so weary and slow." - I exchanged loots with my companion, who busied" himself, getting oiit a ..pair of handcuffs.. The young.man noticed the shining steel without flinching, and then his eye travelled back to me. " Did you fire the gun ?" I slowly asted. "I did." "When?" " This morning about 6 o'clock, half-way down the glen." " Did you fire at anything ?" ' " Yes, I did!" The words came with a fierce, joyous burst, and a wild upthrowing of his clenched hand in the air. "I firecj at Donald Black!" "Intentionally?" "Yes, intentionally; I waited for him." , There was a long breath and an ugly pause. " Ah, that means murder, for I'm afraid you've killed him," I got out at last. " I meant to kill him," he cried with gleaming eyes and an excitement terrible "to behold, " to have him lying dead at my feet, dead as the hopes he has blasted, and the dear ones he has given to the grave. I tell you, I fought against the thought—strug gled with myself for months upon months —but it came to it at last. He brought it on himself. Ask him what he said about my mother last nighty at the Cross Keys Inn. I heard the words—I heard the jeers and laughter that greeted the mon strous falsehoods—and that (not my own wrongs) forced me to it. The man is not fit to live. I swore it last night on my mother's grave—my kind, loving mother, only two months gone—and I care not how soon I die." No words can convey the tone and ex pression with which this speech was given; the ideas appeared to choke each other and roll out, hot and seething, with a mad elo quence that bore air before them. When he stopped, he held out his wrists to the Superintendent to be handcuffed ; but the old man shoved the- handcuffs out of sight, and turned away: He was strongly moved, and Iwasnot surprised to see him wipe tears from his eyes as he got out in broken tones—• "Oh, Jamie, I taught ye at the Suhday schule, an' its a' gane for liaething! This is an awfu'end tae come tae.." . ' . For the firstiime something like a quiver crossed the young man's face;. but the next moment he was iron again. . " Time, John," he said, tailing the old policeman's hand; "and I will never for-, get you while I live, "but, remember, other more awful deaths have brought it on." very little more-was said-; and snortiy after we loclred up tlie, cottage, and with out going haclr to- the~village," got quietly into the cab, and were driven into Edin burgh, taking the gun and our prisoner with us. On the way he conversed freely and unreservedly with me, sometimes, on the subject in hand, and sometimes on his own' past life; and, perhaps, my interest, sym pathy, and animation during the narration ' had drawn him closer to me, for he had not been long locked up when he expressed a wish to see "the detective chap that came' in the cab with him.5' I spent the best part of the afternoon in his cell, and in that time got from him his simple stoiy, which I wili how try to repeat to my readers:— : Jamie Craig, Katie Bell, and Donald Black were schoolmates together. The three had all been born in C , and by some invisible agency bad been drawn to gether as inseparable^ playmates. , It was certainly a strange thing for a girl to con sort with two boys—to scramble about the glen hunting for "soorocks," flowers, and wild strawberries; and then to sit down by the edge of the stream, building firm castles of the great stones, and still firmer looking castles in the air—but it is none the less true. The strange trio were hardly ever separate—morning, noon, and evening were they to be seen together, chattering, scram bling, racing, playing, and planning, but never fairly quarrelling. These, of course, were suiiny days to look back on—and stood out vivid and clear in at least one thoughtful mind—that of Jamie Craig. In all their wise councils, and dis cussions it was always a settled thing that he was to grow up and marry. Katie Bell, and'that Donald Black was to come and see theih in their grand house up on the face of the hill. Only once was there anything like a rupture between them, and that, with its results, was so singular, that I feel con strained to notice it here. -Donald, who was full of .fire and boyish mischief, threw a handful of loose earth in Katie's face in a * moment of. thoughtlessness, nearly blinding 'heir, jand causing her to scream with/ fear iad pain.' Jamie was on the spot in a mo 1 jn§nt, and instantly JouxM Donald i the^cjkeof the path.among the bushes1— not above twenty yards from the spot ■ where,rfifteen years after, a far more terri ble* encounter was to take place. The , stricken-boy rolled down the slope- till he \- - ~-n+«v. and then lay awfully was near uw « T««ue eafl Kal'o etin tlin stnnefi. Jatme still among the stonefeV ,rtyaTidllew above both screamed at J * '\feless to pick up, as they though & the i. . j body, when the tricky little ra^al ra< ; ^ his head from among the stones and grince^ in their faces, as sound and unhurt asthemy .. selves. ' : : But here comesthe sihgularthing. Shortly - after, Jamie and Katie; came upon him' cut ting and carving away at some hold, straight lines on'.'the hark' of a tree, with' some crude representations of human figures beneath. They sat down to watch curi ously till he had done,; when they asked the meaning of the'thing, which the young artist, nothing loth, .immediately proceeded to explain. • "This," said he, pointing to the straight lines—" this is a thing they call a gallows •—there's a picture of one In a book in our house—and it's what they hang people on for killing a hoy like me. This, down here is me, lying dead on the ground. I've been killed, you know, by being thrown down a hill. Them men at the other side are all the people that have come to see the hoy hanged. This thing here, this round- thing, with its head all hanging to one side, and the rope-at it going up to the gallows, is the hoy that has killed me, and his name's Jamie Craig," and the last words came out with a spiteful unction as he looked his little companion full in the face. Jamie said nothing, but only stared in a kind of horror and fascination at the rude cutting. Not so with Katie. Her cheeks burned up at once she sprang up, and be fore Donald could utter another word she had brought her little hand down with "a stinging slap on his face. . I dare say Donald would have retaliated, though she was a girl, and younger than -himself, but it so happened tbat the moment the blow had descended Katie burst out a-crying, turned away, put her arms round Jamie's neck, and drew him sorrowfully away from "the spot. Donald stood gazing after them in mo tionless surprise till they had disappeared, and then he amused himself in slashing at the soft hark- till every trace of his work had vanished, when he took his solitary way home, feeling savage enough to have: used the knife on something much softer than trees. Next day the whole was forgiven, and they were as good friends as ever." This was only childhood, but youth did not bring any material change. In the na ral course of events Donald Black drifted tural away southward, and was lost sight of; while Katie Bell went into service, and for long was seldom seen about her native vil lage. Jamie Craig grew up a sturdy, self reliant man, with only his mother to care for, when not-hewing at the stones that gave, him a livelihood, or digging in the books that gave him so much pleasure. Peo ple said he was quiet and slow, hut there were strange depths of passion and power surging beneath that the people knew no thing about. But all at once there came a change—blight, startling, and wondrous. Katie Bell returned to the village; and one evening, in sauntering down the glen, with the declining sun slanting redly through the trees across his path, the young mason came full upon her. She blocked the narrow path; and when Jamie, with the old fami liarity, took her smiling face between his two hands, and turned it to the sunlight, he discovered two things—that she was now actually a woman, and the most beautiful he had ever looked upon. Perhaps the people were right in calling him " slow," for, though the meeting was repeated and repeated, and stole out into long, delightful walks, which seemed like a dreamy vista of fairyland to look back on, it was long ere the true state of affairs dawned upon Jamie's mind. Then he found that love—deep, glowing, and real—had taken the place of alibis former vague ima ginings. He dreamt of Katie by night and pictured her by day, and there was no plan for the future in his mind over which she did not in some1 magic way preside. His hooks were thrown aside, and he was now to take his; first lesson from real, tangible lmmanity. . ; • • Ikaye said that the new passion, m its first overwhelming rush, filled hiis whole soul and " being; I am not so sure that it was equally powerful on Katie's side. He firmly believed that it was; but then lovers are not always the soundest judges of these matters, and the sequel will speak for it self. It was at last tacitly understood, how ever, that after a fitting interval of months they were to be man and .wife; and thus matters stood when a new change came about. Striding through the village one night to meet his sweetheart, Jamie was suddenly pulled back by a strong hand on his shoul der, and turning round, he found himself facing a very handsome and rather stylishly dressed young man, who smiled into his face in a most knowing and provoking manner. "I beg your pardon, but I don't know you," he began; but the other only laughed boisterously, and gave his own thigh a de lighted slap. "Not know"me!""lie cried. "Well, that beats all! Why.'rm Donald Black, whoin you used to play with and throw down among the bushes when you were about so high!" and he indicated the height of a seven-year-old. They shook hands heartily; but, in spite of every effort, Jamie could not appear quite cordial to his old playmate. The so journ in England, in his eyes, had not im proved the man before him. It had only made.bad into worse, and left him a bril liant, flashy rake; so, when Donald pro posed an adjournment to a public-house to talk of old times, the other drew back at once. . "You will excuse me to-night," he said. " I have to go along here to meet—to meet some one." - It was strange he could not bring him self to pronounce the name of Katie Bell, nor even to allude to her in any way, fami liarthough they had"all once been. But his hesitancy and constraint were quite lost on the other. "Oh, well, I.can go that way with you, and talk , by the. way," he unsuspiciously returned ; and, as there was no loophole of escape, the ,young mason was forced to comply. . - But when they met Katie walking de murely among the trees, and the first burst of tecognitjos and greeting was oyer, Jadue \- :;±pn -'bled with -Ms new.com was nodbnger tro*. ,, were au trans pamon's attentaops^ ^ ]iad engaged terred to the pre vye. came.Tft cn rfeteome ^s .wife^^an . of ^ lovfers, xions complication..- - reay statejof Lad tLe courage to confess xn t^oK to, affairs-the. ne^aTtiyal edited, mm,. r ^ aj tLe utmost# fa^u^tc tm» y0Ung ffiri_apu . gradually. therratner: awkward and retiring, Jamie found himself completely shut out.of their conversation. A sickening pang, such as he had never felt or dreamt of before, , "in through his heart as he watched the' X •> in silence in a ceaseless and animated uV n" > at last, Lis feelings found vent -t that made the pretty, girl open, in a tsp-. ;n astonishment, and,, worse than h®r eycsX- n Ler a hot reply, that only all,: drew vUptUre, and gave Donald hastened the. .* . gending the young mason Black his wshy -aving him to conduct off altogether, and fv ° Katie Lome alone. . stafe of terrible \- Jamie went J* £ • Ltened his mo excitement that nearlytiigx , 0ver the 'tier out of her senses, to> bfv. . , , handsome exterior of his new --.i every bright look that had passed ». liim and Katie. Katie went home smUlun and laughing, but, I Lave 110 doubt, to ha ye a good cry in solitude; while Donald Black went home with hut one purpose rooted in his mind—to "cut out" the "slow clod hopper," and possess the girl liimself in his own way. There was no rest for the young mason, that night, at least—and he knew it—and as soon as his mother was asleep he slipped hack to the kitchen, took down his gun, shot-hag, and.powderflask, and. went out and had a night's poaching among the hills and plantations adjoining—a thing he had. not done for years. It was there, among; the trees, after bringing down a liare that had run out before him, that it first occurred - to him how easy it would be to bring down a man in tbe same way. The mere level ling of a tube—a touch at the trigger—a puff and a flash—and the thing was done. But the idea startled and horrified him, though his blood was at boiling heat;. and the moon looked down at him through the dark trees like a white ghost, and he fled the spot, leaving his spoils on the ground. He got out of the wood, feeling like a mur derer pursued, and fancying that every tree showed the rude carving of a gallows and crowd that he had looked upon years and years ago. . Looking at the case impartially, I think Katie was no light coquette who could change the bent of her affections in an hour ^ she had simply mistaken warm friendliness towards Jamie for love, and, Seeing his strong affection for her, had agreed in a passive way to become his wife. It was to he different now, f orbefore either she or Jamie could unbend so far as to make up the.quarrel, Donald Black had stepped between, with his handsome face, and a stream of banter, flattery, and nonsense that might have carried a far more surely grounded girl off her feet. The long delayed flame now caught her heart; but it blinded her to everything'good and noble, and when the young mason came to her, broken and penitent, she told him that for Donald Black she was now ready to live or die, and sent him off with a feeling like death at his heart. But was he convinced ? did he believe her words ? Not a hit of it. Every one else could see the whole thing us plain as day : hut he was a lover, and still clung to the one idea—she was only trying him. He went back to his. hooks, but they had lost their charm. He took to brooding moodily by tbe fire, and spent bis winter nights in fierce hunts over hills and through woods, where the sound of his gun brought out many a watcher and gamekeeper who never guessed how lucky they were in not laying hands on the desperate and excited criminal they Were chasing. „ At last, when the spring was gone, a vil lage gossip one day brought to the cottage door a piece of -sews affecting JKafie's fair name that froze him to a statue as he sat inside by the fire. His mother, who knew ail, came in presently, and read his ghastly face like a book. The tears rushed info her eyes, and she put her weak arms on his broad shoulders and drew him close. " Oh, Jamie, how you suffer .!" she cried. " If I could only hear it for you!" "Never mind, mother," was the-steady reply. "I will suffer no longer; I will know the worst before I sleep," and he looked up at the clock, and fumed and fretted that it wanted three hours of sun down. ; " lou don't Believe,. it tnen r timicuy ventured the mother. " Don't shrink and shudder, for it cuts my heart as well as yours," " I don't know—I will soon," was the moody reply. " How did you quarrel ?" Oh; Jamie it was an.evil hour, for you have never had a happy day since." " It was. I was jealous .of Donald | Black, and said to_ her,' Swear never to speak to that man or smile on him, or you shall never he wife of mine.' " _ " And she said " "That she—had learned; to like him better than me," was the groaning answer. " She spoke the truth," "I -will see to-night." Perhaps it was chance, but as he spoke . his eye travelled to the gun over the fire plate. His mother read the glance, and screamed out in a way that brought him bounding to his feet. " Oh, Jamie," cried the shaking mother, "swear to me that you will not lift your hand—that you will injiu-e no one ?" " Tut, tut! is that all ?" "Swear it, if you love me !" and the mother got desperate in her wild clinging. "Igwear it. There, don't bother your head about it, nor about me, eitherand with these words he got out of the house and wandered about till near sunset, when he took his way to the glen. There he hid himself among the bushes . close, to the path, where he could see and hear every pair of lovers that passed, and then settled himself to watch and wait. The pair he waited for were tardy, and it was soon nearly dark; but when they did come, one gentle voice was there that struck a thrill to his heart that for a moment sent his brain reeling and made him grasp convul sively at the bushes for support. He watched them with gleaming eyes, far down the slope, till they were seated,; and then . with Indian-like. stealth he .crept and crawled through the underwood tillThe was within a few yards of the spot. • There was "no love, fulsome flattery,.or merry laughter now between the pair he listened to—but in their place bitter reproaches, jeers, and piteous entreaties that made his yery heart stand still; and Katie's face, though "beau tifill still, now looked lilte the ghostly face of the moon.he had seen looking down on him on the night of-their first quarrel. "But yoii promised to marry me, Donald," sobbed the poor girl, "and dhe geople "are beginning to talk.- Every night 1 am afraid to -go nome, lest my pwn \- mOther/should turn me to the door." if' ! " Then, why don't you gou goawayfrom here ?" was the callous rejoinder, "Go away ;to Edinburgh—no one would annoy yoii there." "But how could I live—can I work? Who wwld employ me ?" - : • "Live?" sullenly returned, the, cold hearted monster, "why, live as,other girls live—I've nothing to do with that, have I ? You don't expect me to give you money to live on, do you ? "No; hut you promised to give me love -God-knows how you deceived me!" pas sionately returned the girl. " Oh, I am well punished." - " Love ?—^bali! I don't- know what that means. , But I wish you would go away out of here—every one whispers and stares at ine," and the villain gnawed sul lenly at his nails, and looked as if he was; the injured, not the injurer. "I will go away—to nay grave," was the waiiing, reply. "Oh, monster! fiend! I: could kiB you if I had not loved you. Bat' I deserve it all, and more misery than; heaven can ever heap upon me, for throw ing away the noblest; heart that ever; throbbed," and she rose and scrambled with wild energy up to the path. " Do not follow me, Donald Black, or I may forget myself;; do not look at me1—think of me—again; and if we meet, I pray God it'may be at the Judgment Seat!" She was gone like a - spirit, and a blinding red cloud rushed be- . . fore the eyes of the concealed listener. A careless whistling awoke him, and he saw the man who had done it all sitting where he had been left, grinning complacently to himself. " Well, I've managed it at last!" chuckled the villian, aloud. " Fairly shaken her off. Who'd ever have thought she'd take so much kicking and scoffing and taunting F I wish she was dead—dead and buried, and forgotten—and then I would be free to look everybody in the face, and I could marry, and be comfortable and happy." He rose as he spoke, and went whistling away; and a pair of blood-shot eyes watched him every step, and a wild prayer went up through the darkness to all the powers of hell or evil for a gun—a gun—a gun! But the prayer was breath wasted on the night, and thenafter clenching his head between his strong, hands for a moment or two, the maddened watcher got out from under the dark leaves and tore away from the spot, through the bramble and brake, hill and corse—he never knew where. It was a strange, hurrying vision, in which he saw nothing distinctly, except " Thou shalt not kill," in letters of fire, just as lie had seen it every Sunday in the village church. It was near morning when he found himself in his own home, with his mother; bending over him in anguish and trembling. He knew that face, and those gentle hands, in spite of the whirl of everything else '; for something like tears came into his eyes, and he wailed out— " Oh, mother, hold my head, for I think there is something come over me !" and then he forgot everything in a terrible, dream of struggling and fighting. _ Next day it was all over the village that Katie was gone away—no one knew whither; but the news did not reach or disturb Jamie; for he was shouting and fighting with his poor, weak mother in a mad paroxysm of brain fever. Days passed away, and terrible cries and sounds were heard issuing from the lonely cottage; but, for fear the villagers would pronounce it madness, the jjoor mother wfitchecl and, tended; hinl alone. In one of these fearful struggles, Jamie had struck his; mother a violent blow in the breast, which he knew -nothing of till he was gradually recovering, and die was—drooping. The weeks passed away, but in the quiet peacefulness of his convalescence the young mason noticed for the first time the change on" his mother as she crawled weakly abou to,attend his wants., ' " Mother) you are not well." ! ; They were almost the first words he had spoken;;and.the tender concern of the en quiry brought both tears and a smile to the mother's" face. "I am—very well," was the quiet reply. " But you, Jamie—you have been long bad." " Have I ? Yes, I am very thin—it must have been weeks ?" " It has been weeks; but yon are better now." There was a long, strange pause, but he broke it.at-last. . " And Katie, mother F—did you hear ?— is there any—— ?*'• ; It was all ;he could get out, but the en quiry blanched his mother's cheeks. •; ; : " Boh'tT Speak of*, her'"now, Jamie, like a dear son; you are not strong enough," was the pleading answer. . He raised himself in the bed, weak as he was, and looked at her with a white," un bending face. ' 1 " There is evil news, then," he said, with strange calmness and a slow effort. "Tell me it all—now." *' "PoorKatie?" said the mother, begin ning to cry ; "she ran away the day after you took ill. She was picked up a few days after in the streets of Edinburgh, in an awful state, and carried to the Maternity Hospital, where she—she " "Died?" It was the sick man who put in the word; and, though his eyes shone and glistened, he did not seem to look for an answer; - and - the subject was not only dropped there, butr never renewed again between the two. Jamie slowly recovered, and then to his great grief his. mother took his place in the. sick bed. But she was old and weak, and' no attention or incessant nursing could keep her from sinking. She told Jamie of the blow he had given her in his fever, but only to assure him- that that had nothing to do with her present illness. Jamie heard her in stony silence, and thought a great deal, as was his wont of late, .but said nothing. One night he was dosing by the. fire when she called him sharply to the bedside. Her eyes were bright and eager, and he thought she looked a great deal better. • " Say this after, me, Jamie/' she got out. "' Forgive us our trespasses as we forgive those who trespass against us.'" - Wonderingly the young mason obeyed, and then she sank back with a sigh of latisfaQtiQB* " Good boy—good boy !"■ she murmured. " I will try to sleep now." Half an hour after, when Jamie came from the fireside and listened at the bed side, all was silent and still. His mother was dead. '; From that moment, for weelrs upon —mno a nrmfinim.l and fearfuL h.UCilO) iruU.'u ' struggle going, on in the mind of - the -be reaved son—a straggle that brought the handsome face of the-man who had caused it all in mocking outlines before him- by day and by night. They seldom met, but when they did, the taunting villain had no idea how near he wa3 death's door, not withstanding the hot words that sometimes would burst forth. At last he brought the danger on himself. Jamie had passed him and some others with no loving looks, and immediately a jeering laugh rang out from the senseless group. They turned into the inn, and the young mason, after a pause, followed and listened. " TVho is he ?" said one. " Jamie Craig," returned the voice of Donald Black, with a laugh. " If you want to know more, he is a bastard—his mother was never married." The listener in the next compartment got away, he knew not how; but he found himself, at home very calmly and delibe rately loading the gun that liis fingers had itched for . so many weeks to grasp. He propped the. loaded .weapon in the corner,, and then seated himself by thefire to watch, for morning. At 5 .o'clock he was out, with, the. gun under his coat, and enough shot in it to have shattered four arms instead of one. He got down to the path through the glen with the. soft breath of morn, the twittering of the birds, and the glistening of the dew. striking pleadingly on his fevered senses. But 'the mute prayer was unheeded and vain, for he had "been to bis mother's 'grave the night before, and in a mad way absolved himself from all oaths and promises. At last the victim came—the shot was fired—and though the arm had swerved a little, the bleeding man went tumbling down among the furze, to all appearance dead, or dying; and the murderer .walked boldly away, carrying the gun openly over his shoulder, to wait patiently till the law should lay hold of him. •This ended the murderer's story and it nearly ends mine. Donald Black did not die, but with the loss of an arm slowly came back to life, and also, I am pleased.to record, to a true sense of the wrongs-he had committed. At his request I prepared, a condensed account of what I have here narrated,, and this was submitted to the Court on the day of the trial. As he added to it his own "earnest entreaties for the prisoner, the sentence was a light one—one year's imprisonment. As soon as Jamie Craig's sentence had expired, he emigrated to Australia, his outfit and passage to that colony being paid by—Donald Black. 