THE CONVENT SCHOOL, ok, Cloister Spiders and Protestant Plies. . PAHT THIRD. Showing how Rome's Children Rebelled Against Her, CHAPTER VI. — (Continued). Plottings— the Cholera — tiieBroken Snare. Aft<A a. while Magdalena was prevailed on to take Grace secretly to Estelle's room. " You- wicked girl, '.' said Magdalena, . ' you never told ine that you knew her !" " How could I tell you" that I knew her be fore I saw her, "said Estelle, -releasing herself from Grace's embrace. " You deceive me,'.' said Magdalena, sulkily. Then Estelle overwhelmed her with -Italian, and caresses, until she agreed to leave "them alone together for a while. "Grace," said Estelle, "youmust contrive to get away, you have such a good chance." " I have no. chance at all," said Grace. ."You have no idea how it 'is." : : . "You will find a way," said Estelle ; "and then— oh, Grace, think how I have been treated; — my brother— my father"— and then Estelle wept. , " I'll not.go away, without.you," said Grace. "But you can get this. Magdalena to let us both go— to, go. with us. It is evident she/will do anything ior you." .".Almost anything but that,", said Estelle, crossly. She is a dolLbaby and a coward. She could not get up courage enough to. do anything, important." , ... , " But. we could plan it all, and you . could persuade her 'to do. certain things which we liad'marked out." . , ; . j ' " I have planned it, fifty times over, but she ' talces fright at the least little hint of 'it— says this'is a'good enough /place— she wishes' she had .never ; come into it— but wliat would she do in the world ?- If Magdalena is our only hope we might as well die in despair." "God is our liope," said Grace, earnestly. " He will hear our cries." "It might be," said Estelle, turning the sub ject, "that if we got all ready for a start, even to the door open, and gave poor Magdalena a pull, and said ' Come out, and we snail take you to the land of grapes and inaccaroni,' she might get her liberty before she realized what a dreadful thing she was doing. I think- I'd like to help the good simpleton that much." " As they have in a manner stolen me from myself," said Grace, " I feel as if I should like to return the compliment by taking off one of their dupes." "By that rule we ought to take off two at least," said Estelle; ana these two prisoners laughed, for they were young and hopeful, and not suffering any present pain. Thank God for the care-free hearts of youth ! The main object of this House Without a Name was to have it a perfectly secret place, unknown to almost every one, where difficult cases might be quietly handled. dome is not able yet to get the olden Inquisition restored in America, but she makes small and gradual ap proaches to it in prisons like this. The force of Sisters kept in this House was very small, be cause only thus could entire seclusion be secured. Mother Ignatia, Saint Magdalena the housekeeper, Saint Sophia the nurse and doc- tress, Sisters Clement and Maria, who were so often abroad, and two Sisters in the kitchen, made up the present number. Of these, Saint Sophia visited the sick and a small school which was under their supervision, and all the time that could be spared from other duties was given to embroidering articles for sale ; for this institution was not wealthy. Grace was required to spend her time in em broidering. She would not read the books in the sacristy ; and so she embroidered, and Mother Ignatia read them to her. " Oh, my dear daughter," said the Superior, "if you would only read these invaluable books yourself !" ... "I shall not read them here where I am a prisoner," said Grace. "If I can go home, I promise you that I will read them there, every one." " But with what benefit, my daughter, when you would have your heretic books and friends to bewilder your young mind with false argu ments and sophistries that might cheat the wisest?" "Don't you think yourself." .said Grace. " that it is very- cruel to keep merhere in this way,:?" ; " How -much better," said Ignatia, V is the soul than the body ! Dear, child, consider how I endure and toil, to. destroy-, these fleshly sins and inclining, and to save- my soul." "You will find, Mother," replied Grace, " that you have, spent your money - for that which satisfieth not. Tell- me, Mother," do. you tore, Jesus ?" . .. , . . , . Ignatia drew back: as in horror. " Love she cried ; ; " dare such a wretch as,- 1 offer .. miy love to the Holy One?. It is not love- but .peni tence that I must feel. - When at last my works are remembered, and all mygroans and tears ' haye washed away my iniquities, then, , when I am. clean, may I offer my heart's devotion to the Son of God." " There is just where you are wrong, Mother, believe . me,"„:said Grace. We -must love. Jesus ' because -he first loved us'- — love first, and that shall teach us to repent. " . ''You cannot Re right, my poor .innocent child,-'' said Ignatia, stroking Grace's soft hair ; . " for, if that were true, my. priests would have ' told me of it. Father Douay says I am not penitent enough. My child, the rack would :be heaven to what mental agonies I suffer. Father Murphy says all is right;, lam only -nervous; I must bo content, be at rest, be at .peace. Ah, child, how . can I have rest or peace . when ten thousand furies possess my soul ?" . "Since your two .spiritual doctors differ, Mother,", said Grace, " take the prescription of a third; if you.try wliicb, your own lieart.shall divine its efficacy." ''.My ' own heart !" cried the Superior, V I would not trust that ; it is full of all wicked ness." . ' ... Mother Ignatia was very kind to Grace. She read to her, exhorted her, tried to reason with: -her, and kept her ever at. her side. With Mother Ignatia Grace went many times in the twenty-four hours, to the chapel; and while there, unlike Naumau in the house of Rimmou, she would not bow; , "Ostubbornkneesthatwill not. bend before the holy . Lady and her Son !" Ignatia . would lament, holding -Grace's hand, and trying to bear her down to the brick floor beside her. Then- she would pour out many' prayers, for herself and for this poor, unhappy, deluded girl. , . . . . - As may- be supposed, this House, where sun shine never came,-, where vigils were, multiplied, and fasts > were a customary service,- where the food was coarse -and pour, -and where disease was ever and anon coming with its odours, was a temntincr .harvest-field tp.i.Jv fnr mowing -of the reaper, Death; The only wonder- is that he. delayed so long. -But now, as tho July heats scorched the city,, oh poisoned mias matic breezes, .and in ships - from over the sea, the cholera came ; and here .. and there, like grasses under, the mower's scythe, its victims fell. . First . it;.; .visited the -crowded homes, of poverty, and while it delayed there, - and .the terror of the pestilence had scarcely begun, that Saint Sophia went to -some sufferers- in a foul, reeking :. den, , and gave them first medicine and .then baptism, wnd held the; crucifix before their .dying .eyes, and murmered Eater Nosters and Ave Marias in -their deafened ears, and folded up their, clammy, -dead hands over little crosses, and;.so.,came home with- the. disease creeping- through, all her veins. - Poor Saint Sophia told ,of,the ravages; of the pestilence, -and fear spread through all the House. The two Sisters who especially, presided over, the cooking and kitchen were; terribly ,- alarmed. ..They ..were . Germans and had lost; friends.. by this sickness in " Fa- derland," and, it was their chief dread. One was . quite sure she - felt. , the symptoms of - the malady already. -. . That was', a. night of ; trouble. The disease fastened relentlessly on- Saint Sophia, and- in the darknsss of her little cell, lighted by. one poor-taper, the Sisters andthe Superiorgathefed-. to, see her - die. They "administered what remedies they -could, and sorely -wanted :a physician and a priest ; but Clement and Maria were away, Magdalena had never been outside the front door of the House, the German Sisters were ignorant of the city, were dull, little ac quainted with English, and terrified almost out of their senses. One of the Germans knelt sobbing and praying in a corner of Sophia's ceU. The other wailed without the door. Death had never come to this House before, and he surprised them armed with his wildest terrors. Magdalena and Mother Ignatia saw the struggle for life ended, and Saint Sophia lying helpless on her pallet ; then spread a sheet over her, and locked the door of the cell. "You, Magdalena, must go for the reverend Father," said Mother Ignatia — " and for a doc tor," she added — for she felt already the grasp of the pestilence upon herself. Grace had held aloof from Saint Sophia's cell. She felt she was not there needed, and the scene was too fearful to look upon. But now that Mother Ignatia was seized, she applied herself to do what she could for her relief. Her mind was also divided between sympathy for the sufferer and a hope of her own escape. She thought of Estelle, and appealing to Magdalena that she would not want the young girl to die of this plague alone, she besought her to bring her to the lower part of the House. Saint Ignatia signed assent, and, her features pinched and her hands already chilling, begged for a doctor and a priest. The terrors of death had indeed taken hold upon her. She was in an agony of pain and fright. Grace indeed de sired the presence of a physician ; but felt that if Father Douay or Murphy came her hopes of release were gone. She urged Magdalena to allow her to go for help ; but the nun had just enough of reason and stupidity left, amid her terror, to keep the House locked and her prisoners safe. The German Sisters were now nearly frantic. They believed the city was full of the plague and did not doubt that corpses were piled in every street. They had come to this House from a convent situated three miles out of the city on a breezy hill, and their one idea was to get there once more. They believed that to do so they must crowd their way through dead bodies ; but the love of life was strong in them, and their sole hope -lay in getting to 'this remote and healthy convent. Magdalena told them they must go for a doctor and a priest, and tried to gather some directions for their guid ance from the Superior's quivering lips. . The German Sisters consented to so together, and Magdalena let them depart. If they get people here we are lost," whis pered Grace to Estelle. " Don't be afraid of them," replied EsteUe, who from her foreign rambles could speak a little of many languages. "They said to each "other that the convent of Santa Clara lay due east of the city ; they could guide themselves by the sun and get there ; it would be time enough to send help then. And Santa Clara is fuH four miles from here." . " We are as strong now as Magdalena," said Grace ;' for she and Estelle talked apart as the Sister with poultices, hot water, camphor, and brandy, toiled weeping over her Superior. "Let us force the keys away from her, and run for it. You are less likely to get along than I. Go up stairs and get the clothes I wore here, and put them on. They hang on the wall of Annette's room — Sister Clement — you know. Be quick, Estelle ! and bring some of the holy Sister's trumpery for me. " It was a time of day when no one ever came nearthis Nameless House, the reverend Fathers making their appearance, if at all, in the latter part of the afternoon. Things looked hopeful for the young prisoners. Estelle sped upstairs, though she was weak from long imprisonment. Grace could not leave the Superior without some kind words. She aided Magdalena for a moment or two, and wiping the damps from the, contracted forehead of -the. dying -Superior,'. said, " Mother do you know me ?" Ignatia grasped her hand. : " You are so ill, Mother." Another pressure replied. " And.are you ready to die, Mother ?" A fearful groan burst from , the writhing figure. . . - "Mother," cried Grace, "now, at this last .hour, cast yourself on Jesus. -.Offer one earnest prayer to Him alone. Let all else go, and seize. Him. He is ready. to save, able" to save." Magdalena. ran -up with '.holy water -and a crucifix; then brought an image of our Lady, and held it high before the blearing eyes. Ignatia turned her gaze to Grace. " Mother, trust Him. Trust the Saviour ! _ Ignatia's eyes closed. Grace thought her in a stupor. - , Estelle at this moment ran in, wearing Grace's clothes, with Annette's habiliments in her arms.. Now or never ! she cried. Magdalena stared; Estelle dropped the garments and went up be hind- the nun, grasping her closely in her lithe . arms; - Grace jerked the keys from her side, and- began to , pull on the clothes that lay on . the floor. : .., . " iViaffdalena." said Estelle. " we are rrnintr t-n -let ourselves out, and be free. Keep still, Mag dalena, you caimot prevent us." But Magdalena gave a shriek of dismay. "Going !" she cried, holding to the -girls, "and leave me -alone; with a dead woman and. -with her dying? The House is full of ghosts— I won't stay— if you go I will— -I cannot stay alone withllead people and spectres !" " Come on, then, With us, " said Estelle. " But she will betray us, G race, rby her 'looks, if she goes in this dress, and we chance to meet nuns or priests. ' Let her have part of those clothes,, and I will give her this r bluo veil for her bead." v , Estelle began hurriedly dressing, the - nun, -quite relishing-, the idea of eloping with lier, while the poor- Sister had no thought of any thing but to get away from dead bodies, and' not be left to brave the cholera alone in a haunted house. , , " Magdalena— Sister Magdalena, stay here,-' cried Grace. / " We donot want you with -us, and.yqu, will, not leave - your Superior to die alone; Shame on. you, you 'ought to stay with her.!" _ . .. . " ' Let her -come," saidEstelle. ' ' Magdalena, in three months you shall eat- sardines in the; capital of Italy." . " IMagdalena, stay here and take care of your dying Mother !" cried Grace.. . ' . " If I stay here' I shall surely die of cholera, and be murdered' by ghosts,".; shrieked Mag-; dalena. ; "Let her come. "What is the Superior to her? She is quite unconscious; maybe she is dead ; let us leave her alone," said Estelle ; we' have not one minute to lose." The three turned, Grace reluctantly, when Mother Ignatia opened her eyes, ancl gave a piercing scream. " I cannot leave her to die alone," said! Grace. "Estelle, escape yourself. Take the little money that is in that tin box ; get off to the noisy parts of the city, and hire a hack to take yon to Vane-street, No. 1G, which is Mr." MacPherson's. Get a hack with a coloured driver, or you may be in the hands of some Catholic who knows you. Tell Rick where I am, and that he must come to help me. If I get out alone I will be home before night." She wrapped the thin shawl, which she had put on, about Magdalena, and with the caution, " Oh, EsteUe, this is you last chance, be qare-, ful," unlocked for them the front door, and saw them hasten away. . Magdalena had made signs of staying with Grace ; but Grace said, firmly, " If you stay, I go. " So the nun ran away, from ghosts and the cholera, and Grace remained ' in that gloomy prison, where one figure was already lying stark and still under the folds of the white sheet, and. where Ignatia was groaning in the agonies of death unclieered by, the hope of heaven. Grace knelt by Mother Ignatia administering what remedies she knew, praying with lier, ex horting her to rest in this extreme hour on the Merciful One, to know 110 name but His; Ignatia grasped her with a clasp of terror and despair. Grace shivered and trembled on that sultry morning, as if in the chill of a winter's day. She was in terror of infuriated priests coming there, and wondered if she could not bar them out at one door and escape by another ; but ah, their fences were high and their gates were locked. Every wheel 011 the street, every foot on the pavement, was as a death-knell to her. She feared that presently EsteUe and Magdalena would be brought' in captured. I hold her a heroine for staying as she did, and for nearly two hours her heroism sustained her. Then the death-rattle sounded in Ignatia'k throat, her limbs relaxed, her eyes wide-open stared stonily. Grace spread a handkerchief over the terrible face, drew up the counterpane smoothly, put on the tawdry hat of servant- maid Annette, and fled a3 for her life. She saw a nun three squares off, and thought she also saw apriest. She was ready to drop on the pavement, but passed blindly along — growing warm enough now, but oh, so weak — east, two squares, south, three squares, looking for a street she knew. Here was James-street. She brightened ; she had heard of that street. And npw she came to a stone church, with three flights of retreating stone steps leading to doors that gave deep shelters. As she was passing this church, she heard her name called. To her - amazement, there were Estelle and Magdalena ! They said they had got bewildered -and fright ened,- and .had hidden there, waiting for they knew, not-what. "Keep to this side of ' the street, keep pace witlv me as I go on the other pavement, and do as I do ; come," said Grace. In fifteen minutes she- found a hack whose driver she believed she could trust, and putting her silly companions into it, stopped iii 'herself, dropped the curtains, and said,- " Drive fast," having first given Mr. MacPherson's address ; and then waited almost wild- with- -anxiety, to reach the familiar house. She knew the old gentleman hated summer travelling, and would not shut his house up for the hot Now, on reaching 16 Vane-street, the hack- driver saw a curious performance. - One. of his three passengers flung some. loose money-oil the- ' sidewalk, and, then -they all rushed up the 'step's - and one tore wildly at the bell,- 'another attacked the door-handle, while the; third - hung - upon both ; -and presently the door- swung back- and they all seemed precipitated into the cool depth of the hall. . " Them is three Zwm/tics, " said ' the hackman, " lucky I got rid of 'em." , - , ' It semed a house full of lunatics five minutes: after, ' when -Mrs. " Anthon ran- down , stairs from- her. sewing-machine, Agnes > from letter-writing in the library, Mr. -Macpherson from the -dark- - ; eiied parlour, where he ha'd been - endeavouring to; keep cool ; and when- poor Mr. - Wynford; who had been- sick in his bed for two days, heard a voice whose tones were echoing in his ' sad heart- for ever, and- -camc: staggering down stairs in his wrapper, to add to' the general con fusion by fainting in the hall. How Richard happened to come in- just at that hour, was a mystery that Agues might have explained; ; He seized . Grace in a grasp very uncomfortable considering the heat. Mr; MacPhcrson was first about to turn Magdalena into the 'street for a "wicked nun," and then vvas , ready to hide her in the . china-closetifo'r. safe-keeping. ' '" Magdalena," said Estelle , that uvening, vou are a" nun no loiK'er." ; " Not a nun ?" said Magdalena; who was in -a state of bewilderment. " What am I then ??' ' "A free woman," cried Estelle;.1 "and ' you shall gather grapes in Italy." -," lf this woman desires to return to her con vent, we must not detain her," said Mr. MacPherson. . > " What -was that about Italy ?" demanded Magdalena. ,1 , ' . My father says if- you - want to -go -there, some -mends of his will take you; with tliem, they start next week, and you can go -with them as maid." : - . .. : , ; . . , . "" I shall go to Italy, mia Italia; !" : cried Mag-; 'dalena, in a rapture. ' Magdalena went to Italy. She was a useless body, ' but', -her ' friends 'were 'patient; ' She; 'ate' - inaccaroni- and- sardines, " ' and gathered - familiar . fruits ;- but she was lonely and''-bewildered by the noisy world, and, in less than, a" year knocked at ' the gate of a House of Franciscan ' Sisters in Naples, was admitted-'and come out no more. Estelle was with her father. He 'scarcely suffered her to go out of his sight, proposed many places where they might be safe, but . ended by living at Mr. MacPherson's. He had proofs now such as would have overthrown the case made out by Mother Robart, but it came up in court no more. He was a broken man, and his friends desired only to lengthen out his life by quiet and tender care. In the shelter of a Christian home, the father and daughter learned the pease of God. Martin most likely is a Jesuit priest. When lie grows old and wise in Rome, like others lie will mock at the "Fifteen Mysteries," and jest over the "Seven Sacraments," arid find amusement in the credulity of the unlearned. ' Probably Sister Saint Clement has attained the end of her ambition, the rule of the House Without a Name, but into that House may we enter no more ! The return of Grace revealed the deception practiced by her step-mother and Adelaide. Mr. Ivemp was both a grieved and an angry man. He rushed the delinquent femiriines home from Saratoga, and bade his wife prepare for a separation, as he would by no means endure a woman who had robbed him of his child, and at the order of a priest so basely deceived him. Mrs. Kemp declared that Father Murphy had nothing to do with the affair ; and, indeed, tlicy could prove nothing except against Adelaide. In a separation from her husband Mrs. Kemp saw a disgrace for which her Church could offer no compensation ; and Adelaide was sure they could no longer have a carriage or saloon par lour. So deep' was their humility and professed penitence, that the threat of separation was never carried into execution, although the healing of the wounds caused by Romish priest craft was never so thorough as to efface the bitter memory or to hide the unsightly scars. Of that household Grace never made one. Her brother's home was hers. See, dear Americans, what Rome can do for you and yours. Grant her but her own way for a little while, give her your children, give her the masses of the poor and unlettered, give her the freedmen of the South, let the Roman Pro paganda pour out six hundred thousand gold dollars each year, for the next decade, shut your eyes to bitter truths, by no means be "alarmed," never be " rash, "be not "bigoted," if you . handle the matter at all handle it with gloves on, and what shall be the end ? Home tells ns that it is only a question of time — this matter of her political and ecclesiastical supre macy, in the United States — and when her time has come, when that "finger of decay" has touched the ballot-box, the trial by jury, the police system, public education, the liberty of the press,' the freedom of the pulpit ; when the . Empire of the "West is trampled in the filth of superstition under that Popery which Austria and Italy are sloughing off, as unworthy of them ; think how a race of betrayed and ruined children of freemen, shall wail curses on the head of our infatuated age. Remember the warning of Lafayette, "l'f the liberties' of America are subverted, it will be by Romish priests " — let us say, by Priests and Nuns. Conclusion. 