of ;.. : - - - ed Shorthorns ng, Milkers. IT has been claimed for shorthorns, by Scott - Bean and other writers, that they are better milkers than any other breed of cattle, the Ayr Shire excepted. Indeed the writer quoted says that in the London dairies they are preferred even to the Ayrshires. It is true that some tribes of the shorthorns the Gwynnes for instance ate excellent milkers ; but this is the result of their having been " bred up " with that, as a preponderating quality, having been for generations kept steadily in view. TIioi o can be no doubt but that the quality of milkers in the shop there can only be developed at the expense of their great value as flesh producers. The two quick tries, beef and milk, two, incompatible in the same animal. A writer in the Country Gentleman, in a few terse sentences, shows why the duplicate characteristics cannot co-exist. He says :- i "If the term shorthorn means anything nowadays, it is descriptive of an animal with a short, thick neck'; a wound, tUcked up, a solid looking belly, a-twist the point of location of the udder ) well filled with solid beef steaks. Barling exceptions, a milch cow must have a thin neck, tha racteristic of non fattening qualities ; a large springing and somewhat pendent belly, showing an excess of offal that would be fatal to any blood of beef cattle ; a thin, cat- like ham (suggestive of indiarubber beef steaks), leaving the open twist with room for a capacious udder. The hind leg of a Duchess shot them almost touch each other to the gambier joints. Suppose you take the capacious udder of a good milch cow, where would you put it on the Duchess cow ? Now put the big stomach on her, and do you not spoil the symmetry of her form, and also introduce an amount of offal that breaks up the beef equilibrium 1 Leave her with a short, thick neck, and she cannot reach the grass With sufficient case to fill her let go stomach with comfort to her self," Following out the line of this writer's argu- ment the correctness of which few will dispute -a shorthorn, to be a first-class milker, loses the characteristics of the breed in fact becomes no short-horn, but a nondescript. Suppose we were to commence a herd with pure Ayrshires of the best milk- producing families, and to select and breed up, not with a view to the dairy, but for meat producers in the hands of a skilful breeder the flesh producing and foresees cting qualities could be developed in a few generations, but this would undoubtedly be at the expense of milk and the animals in their altered shapes and characteristics could not properly be denominated Ayrshires, however pure their pedigrees might be. We have heard one of our oldest shorthorn breeders (a gentleman who has several of the Gwynne's in his herd) remark that he has long observed a plainness, amounting almost to coarseness, in the best milking shed thorns. This strongly corroborates the writer we have just quoted. We have frequently urged on farmers, those whose incomes depend so largely on the dairy, the necessity of breeding only from really good milkers, coupled with males from the best milkers to be procured in their neighborhood. In this way, and in this way only can we ever succeed in raising first-class milch cows. Surely with fresh butter at 2s. 9d. and 3s. per lb., as it has been within the last month or two, the extra care and trouble involved in this would be a profitable investment. STAGE ABSURDITIES IN THE LAST CENTURY. Before Garrick's time the audience could not only obtain admission behind the scenes by the simple payment of money at the stage-door, but they Eat upon the stage during the performance, spoke as loud as the actors, conversed across them to each other, and got up and walked about as their convenience prompted them. When the villain of a play muttered, " I am alone to one of the tops lounging on the stage would request a pinch of snuff from a friend; and, as Jachino rose from the chest in Imogcnc's chamber, a swarm of cravatted, wide-skirted beaux would sit and stand in his immediate neighborhood, OOicllo smothered Desdemona in the presence of some twenty critical gentlemen and the ghost of Hamlet's father, after imparting the secret of his death to a small crowd, threaded his way off among the chairs', with apologies for accommodating them. Garrick reformed this absurd state of affairs. 