[?] 'LOOK TO YOUR NOSE.' Tms is a very common expression, but there is mure in it than at first meetB the eye. Noseolngy is a neglected science. Dr. Watts wrnto — ' The mind's ihe standard of the man.' Nuaeoluuiats have a different idea. Their great apostle. Mr. Slnatte, thought' that the nose is tlie true needle to poiut to the load stone of be«rt and mind alike. It is the most prominent outcome of the inner nature. It attache* to itself all ihe menial superiority of the human csmojiony. The varieties of noses are legion— the shades of difference are multifarious, even in noses with a like general outline. These uifferences are perceptible, yet in many casea bo faintly 80 that one would almost need to i;o into logarithms to estimate precisely. The contour of the face affecta noses- greatly, and a like pattern of nose on a fair man presents a difference ol appearance npon a dark ; and ou fair aud dark alike the weather, worry, or sickness makes a wonderful alteration. Into the minulia) of noses, however, there is little need to enter, as most observers can take stock of them after a description of the four geuerio types. Aa the study progresses the types can bei divided and subdivided accord, iug to the keenness of tbe observation of the reader. Tho gonerio order of noses is here put thu' : — 1\. The Pug. 2\. The R iuian. 3\. 'Tne Grecian. 4\. The Grecian, or Composite Order. The pug nose, pur el simple, it will readily be admitted by all— except, perhaps, its possessor — is by no me»na an attractive feature in the face, especially if the upward curve starts about a -third of the distance from whence the organ ia eliminated from th, forehead. There are pug noses, especially in Irishmen, if not too much elevated skyward which are not without humour if they happen to be set off with twinkling blue or light grey eye* J but if the 'diamonds' at each side are not expre«sive, tho pue nose iB almost next to repul.-ivo. As a rulo, from a pug noso supplementary to an opnquo faca, tho writer instinctively recoils. Tho ownor of tho common pug is seldom a brilliant indi vidual, but if ho happous to possess talents it may almost be accepted as au axiom that ho is overbearing. Not unfrequently lie is laborious, anxious. to learn, hut rarely can get furthor tliau an inconsequential sneer. Tho common pug has something like tho ferocity of the bull-dog about it, with tlio vacillating naturo of the pug in tho canino spacies. The owner of tho uncommon pug by ? no titans bears so bad a character. Thero is son^jsjiing' moro intellectual about him, although it is said by noseologists that ho is a combination between a prizefighter and a drunken politician, and it would go against tho grain to declare that ' ' no ono with an uncommon pug noso could be either a sculptor, a poet, or a painter.' Recent history has told us very differently. The common Roman noso is held in littlo repute by those wlio are att-raptiug to revive this unhappily neglected science of noseology. From tho bridgo it is rounded off to tho tip. If not strongly marked after tho fashion of the-lato Iron Duko, the mind is not of tho highest order, it barely rises abovo mediocrity (tho ;man owner of tho noso, it should be understood), aud bedizens itself on breast and fingers with gaudy jowels. Tho uncommon Roman nose is altogether of a different calibro. Thero is a something about it which must assert itsolf if culturo has been added to tho proboscis. It is a kind of noso which over comes all opposition, whioh has enabled men to conquer mortal achievements — ' to mould the world to their will.' Notablv. touso Sloauo's words in our own century, Napoloou and Wellington wero iu tho possession of such noies. ' Napoleon knew tlio Becrets of noseology, he leuew what advantages thero woro in a good Roman nose. Ho selected his generals, and put them into places of trust and confidenoj by tho length aud height of their noses. Tho Duko of Wellington, ono of tho most illustrious of warriors in times ancient or modern, had a strikingly remark ablo Roman noso. By this noso I10 conquered Napoleon, and in tbat noso saved. Britain from becoming a province of Franco. May sho ever havo such a noso in emergencies,' and so on. Tho Grecian noso, straighter than tho Roman, lacks tho fiery onergy. It is moro characteristic of J amiability and refinement. It indicates passion, too, but its real passion means not tho sword or tho spear, but tno luto of Apollo and tho brush of Apelles. Byron fought and died for that noso, yet still the cup of Samian wino needs to bo awallowed under protest. ' But it is a oomfort to think that thoro aro other noses not so bad as tho pug, nor so valiant as tho Roman, nor quito so refined as tho Grecian, but possessing in a mixed dorrreo tho best qualities of all, guided by a wise discretion. This in noseology is called tho Coniposito noso, and it is tlio sort that ia generally mot with iu tho streots. ' It should run in a direct anglo,' wo aro told, from tho forehead, should bo straight, regular, and of a good sizo. ' Facts prove audoircumstancos confirm that this order is suited for attaining emir.enco in any of tho arts and sciences, in tho senato, or tho bar, in commerce or in agriculture.' Tho toper's noso speaks for itsolf. It is not by any moans comely, but thoro ia a certain amount of jollity about it whioh ovon Sir Wilfrid Lawson could scarcoly fail to appreciate in presonco of the owner. It bespeaks sack moro than solid. Flat noses ara ? held in less esteem by noseologists than any othor pattern. It is argued that tho flatness of tho noso indicates flatness of mind, and that no nation of flat noses havo ovor mado their way upon tlio earth. So far as what wo understand by riivilisation, this idoa cannot bo satisfactorily disputed. le needs no ghost from the gravo to tell that hooked nose behind whioh ia Bet the keen eye belongs to the race of the Father of the Faithful — that race whioh, ? enduring much contumely and oruel persecution through long 'centuries, preserved through all its toils, trials, and shooking sufferings in accumu lating tbat powerful agenoy called lucre to such an amount that it may almost safely bo said to rulo tho world. Sloane hns a wonderful appreciation of tbis none. He is moro eloquent about it than of any of ihe others, taking it . from a pecuniary stand point. He asks whore are tho Pharaohs, and then aayB, ' That noso wl ich toiled and strained under tho whip of a task-master still existB in all its hooked rotundity, as large and aB well defined as ever, whilat the nasal organ of the opprcBaor has vaniehed, and no where exiBts save ' in tho remains of its soulptuie.' Tiie paintor, whon he first sees a baby eat ?whortleberry pio, begins to comprehend hovr | limited ia the power of his art. 