LOCAL NEWS TIN OBE AND COPPKB.-Return from the Herald of tin or« received at Newcastle station for weeli tmdin« 18th August, 1877:-From Murrurundi: lo tons 2 cwt 2 qrs. 1 lb. Return of copper received at Svdnoy Station for week endinj 18th August, 1877 : Prom Goulburn ! 78 p-eces reguiti», 7 tons 3 cwt. ¡ ditto, 602 ingots, 4 tons; Orange,235ingots 1 ton lf> cwt ; ditto, 91 pieces regulu», 7 tons. Total, 19 tons l8 cwt. I'HR ATTSTIULIAN TOUR OF TUB PIUNCR OP WALKS.-The Lthora Civil and Military Gazette makes the(-tiitetneat that-"The Prince of Wat^e'e \ustrilian tour is d-fi.itely fixed for 1878. H. K. II. will leave England in S-pteoaber «f tüat year accompanied by the Princes*, and a ter vUiting Australia and tfew Zenliind, will return by way ol the Unite 1 Stater. It is well known that this wn a pet scliHina of the late Prince Contort, who was exceedingly anxious .hit the h-ir to the ruwu of Great Britain should personally visit all his dominions before his accession to the throne. It is probable that tb» frince will find this tour a more agreeable a d enjoyable one than his indian tour, which is siid to liuve b-ired him, so irksome «MS the restraint upon hu movements, and the consciousness of bei'ig expected to pose perpetutllj asa tnodfl Christian ruler ami aH idealized impersonation ot every English virtue " UXITKD STATES LOAN.-The United States Govern- ment ia now engmed in the heiviest transactions of public loan consolidation ever attempted ia that country. Mr. Sharuiun. Secretary of the Treasury, has notified nfc intention to receive tenders tor ¿140,000,000 of 4 per ceut. bonds, be to paid for in gold or legal tender notes ; and with the proceeds of the l«an he purposes retiring all the 6 per ceut, bon 's now current, its wal as preparo for the resumption of specie payment at the date proposed by Congresa The largest single loan previously i eKOtiiited by thr- Unite-l States since the Confed- rate war was £100,000,000. of 6 per cents., in 1870, a portion of which has since been redeemed.-S M, Herald. GHOSTS AND EVIL SPIRITS-The lecture on the above subject, announced to be delivered in tbe School of Arts, West Maitland, on Tuesday evening by Mr. W. li. Harviaon, did nut take place. The evening was very dark and threatening, and only three or four persons attended al the time fiv«d upon, SHEAUINO SHEEP BY MACHINKBY.-Report s ys that a gentleman who has directed his attention to the labour of inventing mechanical substitutes for the sheep shears plied by the hands ol men, hits not only perfected his earlier invention, but has already gone so far beyond ordinary mechanical arrange- ments as to,see his way clearly to dispense with them altogether. Tin mrent he now proposes to employ in divsiing our fl icks of their ftVces ia no other than electricity,- Melbourne Australasian. Mn. THOMAS SPUROICON.-The -Sword and Trowel for July states that Mr. Thomas Spurgeon (one ol the twin sons of the Rev. C. H Spurgeon, the well known pastor of the Metropolitan Tabernacle) left London for Melbourne on June 15, in the Lady Jocelyn, for his health. Mr. Spurgeon says:-''We shall be grateful to any friends who will extend kindness to him. Ile will be willing to preach us opportunity may occur." Both of Mr, Spurgeon'^ sons bave been engaged for the last three years in useful Christian work in the neighbourhood of their father's dwelling-plac*. MECHANICS' INSTITUTS, EAST MAITLAND.-On Tuesday evening last the hall of the above institution was filled with an intelligent and appreciative audience to hear a lecture on " New Zealand," de- livered by the Rev. R, T. Hills, who was listened to with a wrapt attention for the space of an hour and a half, evidently showing that the numerous audience appreciated the very in toras ting and instructive dis- course. A vote of thanks was awarded to the lec- turer on the motion of the Mayor (Mr. 6. T. Cham- bers) seconded by Alderman Cunningham,'-A letter of apology for non-attendance on account of ill health, was read from S Scholey, Esq, M.P.-The Vic-President, Ur, John Ewing, waa ?& the chair. THE SAMUKL PLIHSOLL'S IHUIOBANTS -An early visit on Tuesday morning to the Samuel Plimsoll afforded us an opportunity of thoroughly inspecting our new arrivals, and, without a moment's hesitation, they can be pronounced a very valuable addition to the colony. Thti rosy cheeks of the young women, the robust frames of the single men, and the bealthy looks of the married couples and children, all denote splendid health, and besides there seems to be perfect happiness on board. One and all seem confident of success, especially after the encouragement held out to them in the eld country, and many inquiries were made, more particularly by the married men, Ba it said that they are about the finest batch of immi that has yet arrived in Kew South Wales,-Evening News, TIN One.-The following is a return, from the Herald, of tin ord forwarded from Murrurundi station during the weak ending August 25 :-Swin- ton, 6 toes 2 cwt. 3 qrs. l8 lbs ; Swinton, 4 tona 0 cwt. 1 qr. l8 lbe. ; H&6 over A, 2 tons 6 cwt. 3 qrs. 16 lbs.; H&9, 14 cwt. 2 qrs.; LfeW ia diamond,7 tons 14 cwt, S qrs. 21 lbs.; Giant's Den over TM, 2 tons 3 cwt. 2 qrs. ; N, 4 tous 3 cwt 3 qrs. 14 lbs, ; SH, 5 tous 7 cwt, 2 qrs. 12 lbs. Total, 32 toas 13 cwt. 2 qrs. 15 lbs. EAST MAITLAND BOHOTJGH COUNCIL,-ELEC- TION 07 T&EASUBEB.-At; a meeting of the East Maitlaad Borough Council, on Tuesday, Alderman Delohery was unanimously elected te the office of Treasurer, vacated by the retirement of Mr. Edward Hughes, who is about to reside ia Sydney. A KICK FBOM A XANGABOO-A carious but somewhat serious accident (says the Ipswich Ob- server) occurred to a man named Henry Peg;;. Ho was in company with another mau, with cattle, and they went down to a waterhole on Messrs. Bell and Sons' station, Buaraba, wb»n an old maa kangaroo of great size sprang out of the hole, and kicked him OB the thigh, breaking his leg. The sufferer was re- moved to the Ipswich Hospital by the late train last night, when the leg was set, and every hope is enter- tained of a rapid recovery. COLONIAL Ai>v*EBTieEMBNTS.-The Newcastle Pilot of Tuesday says : The business columns ot the Mait- land Mercury are almost as amusing as tha well known ' agony column' in the Times. Ona of the first of these offers a reward of £1 from something like a dozen squatters for every dingo's scalp with a strip of the back and tail attached, killed on either theirs or adjoining runs, The second offers a reward of_ £1000 for receipt of information, secret or other- wise, that shall lead to the c mvictioa of persons stealing cattle from the run of the Messrs. White, of Bell Trees, One of their bullocks had been found with a bullet in its head. Mr Capel also offered a reward ot £100 to any person who shall give infor- mation leading to the conviction of any one stealing cattle from his Barraba run. Then Mr. Bayley of Kunopia advertises a reward for any one found re- moving cattle from his run If things be so, the schoolmaster and the officers of justice are still wanted in our midst, QBOWINO FLAX FOB THE SAKB O* THH SURD. The Melbourne Australasian says :-" Wa hear of a movement intended to promote in Victoria the culture of flax for the sake of the seed. The machinery of the Apollo Stearine Candle Company, which is exceedingly powerful, is deemed capable of crushing and pressing oil seeds, and linseed oil and cake (when pure) being in large demand, the com- pany would bo not unwilling to extend their business in the direction indicated, The culture of flixfor tho sake of ihe fibre has dwindled into insignificance in consequence of the condition of the labour market in this part of the world-a matter whioh would not affect the culture of the crop for seed only, as it I might ba sown, reaped by machine, and harvested just as cereals are done. The season is quite far enough advanced for sowing this crop, but in cool districts there is still time for the work, especially as the area on each farm would not be large. We i bave as yet no information regarding supplies of seed, but shall be able to afford all particulars in our next; meanwhile those who feel diposed to engage in the ventura might work a few acres of fuirly good, but not too heav.v land, and reduce it to a fine tilth-onejimportant poiat in the culture of iuseed. i THB LOWKB, NAMOI.-A pretty fair opinion of the wretched state ef th« country, and of, tjh« severity of the present drought may be fertned from the follow- ing fact», eommnnicMed te the Narrabri Jltrald by an eye-witness :-The river, in place», new nothing more than a chain of waterholes, has ceased to run. At Weetawa-one instance out of many-where a deep hole exists, scores of cattle are lying dead, bogged in the mud on the margin of a green, slimy, viscous liquid that even the fish fail to live in, for on every hand are to be seen-or were-the decay- ing, bodies of large cod and other fish, half in, half out of- their natural element, as though they bad' made one last endeavour to escape the polluted fluid, and bad died in the attempt, Man's memory, must go very fur back for the parallel to this. How it is all to end noone knows, but everyone looks forward to the worst. A MILLIONAIKR AND mu ORGANS.--Mr. Thomas Winans, tbe Baltimore millionnire, lim been tolling a reporter about his experiments with organs. " My attention," he -aid, '? was called to the subject some years since by the purchase of nn organ, which proved to be a very unsatisfactory affair. I have almost entirely transformed this orgnn, and my ex- periment« led me to construct one tor my Newport place. It is composed ot two organs, the pud.il and the gren'; and h is proved a rery satisfactory instrument indeed. It is operated with a prei-sure of nine inches of air instead "f the usual three inches, and in consequence it can be heard withiu a radius of a mile. I bave now in process uf construction nn organ which will be one of the largest in the United Stites when completed. It will have 6000 pipe.-, ranging in size from thirty-four feet to three quarters of an iuch. It is to be composed of five orgnus the solo, swell, orchestra, pedil and high pretBure and will b» worked with an air pres«ure ot four and eight inches Th« room in which this organ is being built is the full heightof the house, and Iris windows at th* top fillei with slats, by means of which the music can be thrown in any desired direction." Mr. Winans showed the rep irter through the organ room and explained the construction of the instruments, pointing out the details of his own invention. In this room («verni pipes of another organ to be con- structed to test th.» vaiue of high pressure are to be Been. This orgnn will have only 250 pipes, but the air in them will be used under pressure ot ten pounds, or twenty feet, which is about eighty times that ordinarily used.-American Paper. ACCIDENT TO A CONSTABLE,-The Narrabri Hei aid reports that on the ltfth lUHt., constable Kao aon, stationed at Pilliga, having thence to proceed, on duty, to the lagoon on Milchomai, took a sent on the coach, but had not proceeded far before lie cune ta grief. The horses, being rather fresh started off at top speed, the brake, owing to som-- uuexpl «ned came, would nnt act, the couch wns d ttgged against a trap, tho top wis torn off and with it constable tt'ibson, who was thrown violently to the ground, severely injuring hie collar bjne, hip, and ankle. By last accounts the sufferer was slowly recovering IMPORTS AND EXPOUTS -The value of the imports at the port of Sydney tor the week ended August l8, 1877, «mounted to ¿'39J,Oi)4. The value of ex ;ortn for the sime period mnouuted to ¿111,122-Herald THH WRATHRR AND Cnops IN VICTORIA.- The Melbourne Australasian, writing on Wednesday evening, August 22, says :-" Li^ht showers have lately been experienced in anny parts of the colony, and are occurring as we write in the metropolis. Trivial RS they are, they are greeted by the country press cenarully a8invnlu.ibleaids to the crops, which m many parts were and still are suffering for want of moisture The autumn rainfall not having beeu followed by seasonable falls in the winter, the early cropB in the more forward districts-as in parts of the Loddon-are badly needing assistance, whilst the late sown crops, for want of ruin to consolidate the around about the plants, are b ginning to look very sickly. In the Wimmera country, li«ht rains have been experienced, as elsewhere, but not enough to remove anxiety with regard to the crops, The Rupanyup correspondent of the Star «ays :-" The wheat seems to stand the weather first rate, is grow- ing fast, and keeps a good colour; but some of the late sown on new ground looks very shaky, and un- less we get a heavy full of rain shortly will not be much in the way of making a crop. We had a few hourarain on Saturday last, but of a light description ; still it helps to keep the crops growing. The grass is suffering more than anything; else, and is kept back by want of moisture, and the frequent recur I renee of frosts " At Murtra the dry weather is be- ginning to make itself felt ; farmers who were fal- lowing have had to lay their ploughs ande for the present. At Dimboola rain was much needed. The St. Arnaud paper also reports threatening weather, light rain", and vegetation at a standstill for want of more moisture and warmer nights. It would answer no good purpose tor cite the numerous reports from other districts. The same tone pervades the whole, from one aide of the colony to th ^ oth*r, and of New South Wales generally much the same ma; be said Rains have fallen, but not in sufficient quantity, and frosts have been unusually severe." NOR'THURN JOCKEY CLUB SPRING MBITING - On reference to our advertising columns it will be seen that the committee of the Northern Jockey Club have decided to add another »ce to the programme already submitted, and the entrances for which ap- peared ia our issue of Saturday last. The nama of this additional race is the Selling Stakes, and en- trances for same will be received by the Secretary up to four p.m., on Saturday the 15th September next - We have been requested by the Secretary (Mr. R Cracknell), to state that by some means or other, the names of two of the Sydney ho-ses entered by tele- gram were omitted from the liât of entries published 1 on Saturday lust. The name of Expectation should have been added to the entrance for the iiaidera Plate, and Spectator to those for the Duckenfield Park Stakes. The nice f bowers which have recently fallen will tend «till further to improve the running ground, and cause better fields of starters for the various events on the card, DESTROYING INSECTS ON PLANTS.-The follow- ing, which we take from a Chicago paper of late date, may propote a plan worth trying, though it would be advisable not to use to.o much " tar water," till its effects on the plants themselves had been noted :-" Marshall, Illinois, June 26: I have aoticad several complaints by, correspondent«, both in the Weekly Tribune and the Western ¡Mural, about the destruction of cabbage-plants, cucumbers, and melon vines, by a small ' black flea' and the 'striped bugs.' There ia an easy and sure remedy within the reach of all. I have ia other years suffered much from the same cause, but for the last five years have not lost a vine or cabbage- plant Get a 'barrel, with a few gallons of gas-tar in it,, pour water|on the tar, always nave it ready when needed, and, when the bugs appear, give them a liberal drink,of the tar-water from a garden-sprinkler or otherwise; and, it the rain washes-it off and they return, repeat the dots. It will also destroy the Colorado potato-beetle, and frighten the old long potato-bug worse than a threshing with a brush, five years ago this summer both kinds appeared on my late potatoes, and I watered with the tar-water. The next day all Colorados that had not been, well protected from the sprinkling were dead, and the ethers, though their name was legion, were all gone, and I have never teen one of them on the farm since I am aware that mrvay will look upon this with indifference, because It is BO cheap and simple A remedy. Such should always feed both their own and their neighbours bugs, as they frequently do. SAMUEL PARK," THE IMPORTATION OF PIANOFORTES -An exten- sive demand for luxuries is perhaps the best indica- tion of the prosperity of a people, PiannforteB are undoubted luxuries, and they ure in groat demand ia these colonies. The inference is plain. In Mait- land, we have plenty of evidence of a disposition to buy such instruments; and Messrs. Paakins, Hyndes, and Blair have for some time been importers. Mr, Paskina' transactions date a considerable time b.ick, and the makers of the instruments impoited are numerous. . Mr. Hyndes favors Aucher Freres, Collard & Collard, and Bord, and be has lately added some of Estey's fine American organs to his stock Mr. Blair gats instruments from Bord, Aucher Freres, Broadwood and S ins, and Ascherberg. A further evidence of the wide demand for pianofortes in these colonies is beforo us. Messrs. Nicholson and Ascherberg, of Sydney and Melbourne, music publishers and importers of pianolortes, etc, ti ive just issued a handsome trade lint, containing wood cut representations of their goods. The total cost of producing the work was .£250; it is beauti- fully got up, the printing alike of the cuts and of tbo type being creditable to Messrs. M Carron, Bir 1, and Co., of Melbourne, from whose office it comes. This illustrated catalogue is so complete that it goes very far to make a visit to the establishment by buyers a superfluous labour. The pianofortes drawn are those of Bord, Challen and Hodgson, Nicholson and Ascherberg (Victorian made), Ascherberg (German make), Aucher Freres, Konisch, Neumoyer, Schweden, Forster, Broadwood, Collard, Kirk man, Xrard, Pjeyel, Liep, Kaps, et«, THE STDNBY DJCAF, DUMB, AND BLIND ASYLUM -Some five\i years ; ago (a tja tha Toowoombt Ghron'cle) «min employed oa the Dalby railway line died suddenly, leaving two orphan children, both of them deaf and dumb When Mr. Luff, the energetie collector of the Doaf and Blind Asylum of Sydney, was here a few days ago, ha reporter) to Mr. Thomas, the resident enginenr, that tho children were getting on very well ludoud at ifoe asjlutu, Mr. Thomas thought it would bn a good opportunity to collect something m aid of tha institution, and he accordingly sent out lists along tbe D-ilbv and War- wick line. We are el id to record that the workmen I have responded handsomely, and have subscribed | £34 in aid of one of the most nubia institutions wo I have in the colonies. PANORAMA op .THIS COLONIES.-A new panorama is to be shown on Saturday Munday, and Tuesday next, at the School of Arts¡ »Vost Maitland. It is a peno mina of the Australasia n colonies, and it has benn highly spoken of by the Press of Newcastle, where it bus beea on exhibition for soiuo timo . Particulars of the show Will be seen in the advertisement else- where. CONVEYANCE OF MAILS'-The Onz'tteot August 28 contains theu*uil invitiiii n tor lenders for the uonveynnc» of maila for the three years, begiuniug Jan nar) 1, 1878. CÉLÉBRATION OF MARBUHES -It is intimated in the Omette that the Rev. VV. M. Gra t, Congrega- tional Minister, Wallsend, has been registered at the Repifltriir-Qoneral'a Office, for the celebration of marriages. ' NEW PUBLIC SCHOOL- \n application lins been made to the Council of Ijducation for the establish- ment of a Public school at .M milla. LICENSED SURVEYOBS.-The Gazette of August 28 contains a list of the Licenced Surveyors whose surveys are at present roco^nised by the Government of New South Wales. NfonpKTH POUCH COURT.-There were no oi«es set down for hearing ut tho Morpeth Police court yesterday.-On Mond-iy, Ciptain Dye, J,P., attended and disposed of one ca-c. DRUNK AND DISORDERLY -At the Vforpeth police court, nn .M<nilav< James Fl mongan, charged with having been drunk and di» irderly, in Swan-street on the previous Saturday, pleaded guilty, and was admonished and discharged, JÜAsr MAITLAND POLICE COURT,-Mr. Addison, P.M., and Messrs. F. H Bartlett and W, Eckford, J's P , presided at the Käst Maitland police court, on Tuesday. Three cases were disposed of. OBSCENE LANGUAGE,-At the Bust Maitland police court, on Tuesday, J-imes Ramsden waa charged by John L ivender with having made use of obscene language towards hira on tho 23rd instant. The defendant pleaded guilty, but stated that he h id received great provocation, by boys throwing stones on his house, and he followed them to the Temper- ance Hull, when he was ordered off the promises by the complainant, and no doubt u«ied strong language towar Is bim. The bench accepted the circumstances in mitigation of the offence, but said they could not overlook the fact that he lind buen thora before, and fined him 10a, with 5s. 6d. court costs ; in default, twanty-four hours' imprinoiiment. Tho defendant, while paying the fine, fluid: "Well, I cnn't tiki it out in ' hitrdstuff' to-day, na my cuttle are waiting for me." CHARGE OF LARCENY. - John Samuel Warby was brought up in custody at the East Maitland police court, on Tuesday, charged with having, on the 17th instant, at Four-mile Creek, stolen £4 in money from the dwelling-house of Joseph Strough. Mr. J. A. Gorrick appeared for the defendant. The evidence of senior-constable Hogan was taken as to the arrest of the prisoner ; but when the prosecutor, who is a Prussian, and has only been in the colony seven months, was called, it was found impossible to pro- ceed owing to his slight knowledge of English. It was agreed on both sides to adjourn the case till the next court day, to enable the Crown to engage the services of an interpreter. The case was accordingly adjourned till Friday next. The defendant was ad- mitted to bail in one surety of £60. CHARGE OF LUNACY. - William John Duke, on remind, wai brought before the bench at the East Maitland police court, on Tuesday, charged with being of unsound mind, and unfit to be at large. Dr. Blackwell deposed that he had aeeu the de- fendant almost daily since the lOtli instant in the gaol. At first he was very violent, but at the present time he was not subnet to delusions, and lie (witness) was of opinion that he could be dis- charged, He had been suffering from the effects of drink. In answer to the bench, the defendant said that hi had been drinking heavily of late, but said that he intended to settle down in Maitland, and take the pledge. He was discharged by the bench, who recommended him to take the course he pro- posed, and to abstain from drink, THOBB WHO NKKD IT,-Persons recovering from severe illno.is ; all who are languid, nervous, and low-spiriied ; all who suffer from dyspepsia, nausee, or want of appetite ; the rheumatic, the debilitated, th* sleepless, tba aged and decrepid; individuals afflicted with gravel or other kidney difficulties, and all who have impaired their vitality by over- work, intellectual or mechanical, need UDOI.PHO WOLFE'S SCHIRDAM ABOMATIC SCHNAPPS. The most powerful, wholesome, and successful of modern restoratives. It has often been pirated, but never had a rival. 2030 