The Advertiser MONDAY, JULY 9, 1877. THE rapid extension of the tramway system in America and Europe, and the increase in traffic resulting therefrom, have urged upon proprietors and engineers the necessity for substituting • cheaper and man effsetive mode of traction than tint afforded by hone power. In America the use of bom has keen gradually superseded by the intro duction of die steam en, and even ia the more conservative cities of Earope nt chankal moton have been slowly bat surely gaining in favor and popularity. The fact of application!) being received by the Government from no leas than nine Tramway Companies in London seeking permission to use nmrhanical motors on their lines induced the How of Common to appoint a Select Committee to enquire into the wotting of tnanrsji by other than animal power. This ConmAwgn went to work in earnest apparently, for in six weeks the report was laid upon the table of the House. On the whole it was favorable to the substitution of steam for hone power, bat the members of the Gommissiob were vwy guarded in their remarks as to the relative value of the different engine* which had bean devised to meet the requira ments of the Board of Tmde. The question has alao lately been engaging the attontioa of the Dameh and other Eoropeaa Govern ments, and experiments have been con ducted in some of the leading Eo? -pean cities with avtisfacrory results, fo Philadelphia a very fsir trial was late*/ made to teat the relative merits of steam and horseflesh, which resulted decidedly $a favor of (he former. The average wookr/ earnings of the steam ears were $100, as against f66 for those drawn by horses; and the cost of naming with steam was only 954-80 as against fO2-86 with hones; show ing a saving of 98*36, without reckoning groomage, shoeing, and wear and tear ef harness, to say nothing of the increase hi the comfort of the pusengen eaaand by the former method. In ffrrfHs-H also tile cost of the two modes of traction was tested at Wantage, when the expense of steam power was SJd. per mite as against BJd. for animal power. As regards the question of safety there eeems to be no question that fewer acci dents are likely to remit from the applica tion of a mechanical motor, worked under proper conditions, than from the employ ment of hones. Foot jwiwiujitith are more liable to be ran over by a pair of hones attached to a car, with break power which can 'only be worked by hand, than by a steam car which, though ravelling at the rate of eight miles an hour, an be brought to a stand within 9 feat, or n five seconds—a performance which can be executed even by the imperfect engines at present in use. Moreover, it was stated before the Commission that most of the accidents were caused by the people being trodden down by the horses. Again, Haas been proved that horses are just ai likely to be frightened by a ear only as hj a oar with engine attached, when that e;i me is properly constructed and effectuaLy con cealed, as is required by the regulat'ons of the Board of Trade. The greatest iaager arises from the cross taafic from aide streets, and an engkedmer in front of Us engine would be more favorably paused for avoiding, and have a far natter chance of pig venting a collision, especially with the powerful breaks at his Tr—wH. thin the driver of a hone teamway, for it mast be remembered that the liihslu are ia front ef the driver, and an perfectly powerless as regain the stopping of the vehicle. The comfort of psssaugsn would be greatly enhanced by the change of motive power, for it has been satisfactorily proved that the motion of a car drawn by steam BOVf^aTIP 9MTB JBVBfflHf SBOtV1 *vC£luaU> hm faaai the |flKi aai jaa t uaamijlil wilfc «m ■ftatiag aad Biif|i?A of tW tatter; aaa^ umamiv^, tbe OBptoaaMA apectacte cf the otnwjlcc of tired aad jalad aafavli ia ieax>v«d from Ac a^fct of tfcepeauiMjUu. ThifUtfaetM* Wfatrqiarfgameat fa fa?ar of lac acfatitali?i of ataaai tor hoi•e -flefl?,for eweoa Ifa> iv^oaajo?Etodliaca the hone* asfter aeraady, and am enfiaeer atstes that by taa ialnwfaKiiin of atcaai mocfa ainaat aKfiecfag aught be nfofod. la Ediaftazgk aY anrage dmti«aof«Mlife«ra tnaa-hone k f oar ycaia, and rf ihoae that am eeodenned •• bdag of bo farther oat 60 perceat. an aeat «tn%fct to the baefars jvd. FbeCota puy fiadit neoeaauyte change tfae hone* eo?tiaaalljr Cram «m> part of their line to •Bother, so utowoattfeen for oolj • ckart ti?aeoathehe?TiergHdieate. OompUinte ate caootantly baag taade of U? eradtf practised upon tb? poor "^'"■t*. and tie Company, notwitfaataodiiHj all their effort*, have been fro^aea?ly proceeded agaiat on •ccoyntof sadi cxwity. Then «t holidaf times «teun power woald be more eacUy aUe to cope with Oe iwnawiil tiaftc thaa the limited cffaititif ot a certain naajbar of Dones> Tm Cfiplnii m mnmmen&ed; Aort any Bill peraniaakm to aa? me chanical power ahookl contain the fallow uvrprorhM?*:— I. The aaiiiiaiaj to be athotaaUy pratoetel •ad rwaalil treat Tiew. IL lWfa?naatoaai«fraai fraaat&eaceaai; modett—Ja&?iiiiiatiiia?«t?fc?Waafe,ca?- WciUMim^ CXV 4K bbMCbUbbIKT, BBCI MB tESaI f?aV pkMn* aoke, heat, and awll. m.B««*7 «BKae to he, aa tar m paaalbla, XT. Ike anfai *> be m lyaitiaitil sad ! warfail aa to amtt. aa far aa faaaMe,tiae easaaMa of cante or aaxaoaa or aaf?aeaaMt byjwu lei itiajiaaaal ■■■ ot A. BaardW Ikada. Vt Anri?? powartohc BBwrioad aaaWaa* to atop the oanw tmA «ar te taak ewaleaffh wbtatewwtfiag^^rfaaeaaaaw. V*X* JffVfEty 4flmXaW 4w vbbVFP at* SbbMHP flaT aMBM^ j TIB. Brery aaaiaa to carry a. ■aaaaaE.fcf aaaSafiMaW flat a ■ ■ *- - ■■ mil aaiaa 1 aA Bl ■ OK-^—J "fflaaWeal X aafJaW W VaHpafflVM Wk W BV4SB 4at fiade. IX. Bvary aajpae to fe« iuafinjud tariae ia cedifaarbjaoa?fOteat aanaaar, oai Meat tobeaaatto?oMl of TadaT Tlh Bearl ol i Tradetohaiwwwwaitowaai^aji?iiliagnlirwi at <a? aaat af ftaOaaaaaa*. X.tigiiinaatto>«faiTorapahUeraadat ? gnmtrw af—l thaaota.aateot cUatadaaai hof a aNaa,oad 11 BttVe aa hear fa the "gLThaaj rujalaliiiaitobearti?rt toawdai atiaiboatiaMtDta?ebythe?oardalTnAe. m. f^iiiii—l «^«a aaJ rrinfa?Obto bfahfajattotaajapraiaaeolaayaaaaniiAat, •xkaa«iMiNta£ -*•— >; XDI. tW«arto?M?d«(TnaW tolkH?O?fiae OMaaaJ dkaaiav ■■■kaaa^^Ba?alfl^ aaah aY Baaakaa?^^a>^a?i Waal aW aaaW BaaffVMaaaa?T VBBB6 488 W BnaBWaVM ' toiMAJha amfaiiaii aadar ar arHato KB ;afcn far aaw fadai a*t «assaedia( Haw ■uartka, aajlhiai aaatohMd fa aajr Aat aat nilhilaaliaa, XTT. rail hi H tor iafriagiag refli liaai. The Ouiiniaait, with pniaewortiar proi?atitode, oocaiad to ariag fa a *hort Baittoar*, to f?abja^w BQ«4«fTktM o gnat fiiranaiaiai to Coaapaaaea to mat ttoUD or other aurbankil power oa their Hnea aader oertaun ttawlitWw. While eteam has botaaaaafayol ob atxeet tnua ia other dtiea Mi towaa of Emo|?, the eridaatt is EBfkad Mi Seotlnd seeaw to be fa &nar; of cumpwa-ij air as a BMtiae power, provided tiartaaafieaort faaatfa/ canbeatated to ran a taafa tor tea aoiWa. We hope Oat the atofrietanof fnaoMl Trannray Ooaaaaaaea wffl tan thak atte* tioetodnedb^tadcociaid^thadMLr*' bibty of feo?i RBdMaa??t'w?aaj thepreaent seanoa the nonate aathori^ to nas either atam or other iiwrhana.fi power ia bea of hone power ob their lise?. There ste sow eagfaai to be obtanajd wbkh are nrmAtm, aad onit aoith|r emofce nor ateaat wh3e tzaTelliag, aad are therefore free from the aaaal objec tion orged agaiaat lucaaiotiw.ii rana?jg throqgfa 0? atmeta. When then ia,« huge traffic eteam power h) cheaper, aela^, aad more comfortable than hone traction for pamnngnr. Sappoeing the Compamee flboaldftcfoT to iwwi with ton*, itwooUbeweO to be at liberty to aab etitote aaothot ajetam nhanerer it may appear to them deaimble to do ao. Tee inupwjfrU "Chinee" Ik getting to the frait is Aortas*, as he km done for come time in America. QaeensUad hat for long seen protesting against him, and even attains: dims thzesta ander her fanata becaase the Imperial Pariiame?t will not let Jber bare her ova way in daa Hag with him. Victoria bat joined tot, tad dedbued through her Government that Queenahad is to be gnmtij eammeaiai far the coon* abe has tehea. And sown have 8o«th Aaatnfia, if Mr. Knanf it to bengardad at a lab ezpovndarcf the pablie feefiiaj; iazktaa to bam bar aaj abort the rights aad dataea of Aaatxafia towards the Chinese. Mr. Xncbavff a few dap ago gave aotiee of SBotio? that be will man a reaol«taaci to farfawiitrt expnamc of ajiayaihy with Qaweealaad a the eosas? abe baa taken, and wajiwstiag the Government to obtain ianaadiatelj copies of any measarea paaMd by Qaeeaa bnd is order that they might be nctaeatsd to'the enwaidaraiaon tit Paxtiasaent. We are glad that be has taken this eoaxae. It wSD give honorable mambsi? time for loafc ing into tkif qnestio? and eootaleriaf it calmly and fe£rly. On symnaaqr ***? Qneeadand mast aot bbad as to oar data* to the Empire, nor mast an aadae aab serrieaes to Impsrml legmlatSoQ mice as forget that w« am linked by the closest bonds to the fortanes el all these cdosacs of the?arth. It wi? aodewkt be n the naemary sf «far i Tin Ifcil Iti Ttinii fiiTiamiaHiiil afiftlaWiafjttha bwt awnkmiarwHiag?. iatianarCbineaeia?S?hjratiaa. Ittimfsiatd direxs proriaia?S that wore themtht to be of • <«*S«Ut Mtm^Maafeala?fJMapffe Hfeyiat?eEaatjUj " aUiillLij mmi forthe deciaioa of Ebr MafaWy fa CeMriL The KB was ant Bafta, dtoaaaedto becoatnry Itimt laajiaiil Until I with the ntftiwnr, Mi waa flavaf?ie daaa?owod. It did art tofeoh ite ■rtwflj «* a Art. 31m aaftpal of the Bw flnwwH to Mite thb miwM tflufl to eat tie Qar. dmoi fcaot of the Can?aee •"MbcbbW ha> rrrilrf MMiinUe BjMnJaaE,MdMaae9tfle a??a^^a* CRBW «• mv IW^fHi Ml beea Ba?ghmgaege fhotwoaki toeheaght fwMi—Hi fa cFnMfcMkaf. BbbbS/, Joha?oll4eee Bat Obm: bum* of a little Moater. Bat tithe* iijiwwLfc • bmb* MMiAgiTkn 'Tii Tim i ■ ■——f itadT ptKiuHftdMtitfeatanctiawwitiita* 11 ?Wl, which cwtaimaflflwea?Hitmlch?rac?aciatie?^tlat BfflwaJ?h has been aiaallnwmL TWchief aba «f lath fta* beea to % each • to* opea tbe Ctaaese iainiigmHl that only a. law vniibliUr to —athwuitaaattho Hhgtotoaujaauiioraw?fehiaitafia. Oaemfab/ them kgmtciMteih qnietade aba** the fill ma If «w the ■tfflm* of CbiaoN frirlj r mini ml, «t the tin* of esmgratisn from baton Aam fairiy a* ia, what dmaca waahl waeiamajanabanf A Mima of WOO «r 400 miOimveoaU anally aaare of its aar aia«|iialali?ewtk^twHHtefat f tiftatitaaf of A—ttalm. 3fce?a?? them wfeeerfertan the tow that this gmotcMm tiaent a intended am far the home at the taafa?y-iarwaaii^ ffaatwn aerieae bWb tat the W««tam_th«l aantia; to to in* T«nOie bnra cf aaiuan 4vrriaaaMat Caa treeday■JHoairfCM— araat imafj al 1 «aa?tatlaai«iattea>ajMiia*iirfaf<aaV hcaaa. Bat wiOoat aeoaptfa*; gas aoa? wfcat alsnuaf net, <fcan fa «Hajh ia ! wiatf mm alnaAy takes place to Iblmm ■■ •■• aaaja mat. im YMBaarisaanMaa " II HTllliTll ll 111 | fl 111 Ml fbtoM ■** aajaw haar aavvjr aas afaaaay laaiaal then, bmt One or faar II 111 I talc jai. Tlh fIrWMBMi CMntr "J* VM& Off an pabj fa iaaaite «f «Hfwt«f i ■HUmmMEB 0b Qt IFBHMMaMv IHMMt I*l dMraitwa. It dadana tkat Hoy mW cccnag oaagawai fFtm to flflaUa\ flalt tkKw at all wW oaaaat tfa%altet fefraite«f?«flMaji«iMiM«L Bau ptfaakaotajytolwlia^iiirti—iite I«m^3 b^bbbb!bbb> bbbbbbl bbbW "tfyv?; She tottea a\aaa,* Bat «aani> MBBBI tO *fr i<* dat I*** •BBJBBt !•■•?* acgoatoi. We km fcaaril ?foo* W laWp* brfow, bbj thw fariitorf €tom tail Nk. twi *■• it tmef Mnetmatgrnam by ti?i??jfla% aaa <b? Wast, Onbl atefl «• *oF flht? «• IWtJBiBfBB* Ml^^itj?M- AW^^BBBiV VfMWI Jaf BBBBBB> B^VVBBBB JfMH^L]BBBBBBBTat BB^ B^BBB* not, fa <aa llaatilfaa, wiA «r «fa*aat <ka oeaaaMof ft^fapU«AaJ^ itef^ tfce b?tl9 rf ' MflfeA?i??t fl?it tti&t;* Or •bMmI VB^ IB CQEJMhfIBB VfIMBOV 4h OV VBBBB? toaatiai widt Caaaa,lgty ?|«nMatHaj fiwi tazm allwsoea?w to B?f?M?fhaGaka tialfaalP ITlaa<n?*/«a> nm?jtmttt mSfroditf <*• fawa bo mm* qajht bbb!jAa treaty k •BBviflMl^tolOTy s mhUIJ*« aawtolafy* BjurMtaga? KajaM?M?a? terizffCh?toa. TkeGU*Bmx*mj*rVh> toca tijMi coaanra?t nflata?j?jr. v lcaijU?j to ibe canaar aeapacea vbbbb aaa famaa?t ty the QawahuJOmnaiwl, CV^CbBT «-m aW^VfM^ <af f*BB% ABSBbbbTA* •iii?tol l> f>4ar to nrtriet tUa Aiiatk view f™^—* tsr Ibk Qow???ao?t of Qaaaaa «4 «p. «; fo?^rt-B «m H I« S^B A. aarif «j« of j'M wiriig Viotom fit aetaaflf faajM? • f«B4tt«a laoOUaai?. •n**. aaa^MMM «BaaM aia# b^bbbbUbbbbbbbb! bbW A&b;\ IBM BaVJaBBBV WbbS UW Vbb^blbvWV^bT mj laW iaa tldifor a anealaai, aai an/vi exnect «aat whan 4ae wfcole eaas Im WtTkii kirn the OdaMt <Mk? «• ai???t«f tteQaeaa «9HgniM. 93m weak part of 4a««BjMMBt aaaaaoito a* to faetfck. g Ita OBeUfae af iwijaiiiilj vwkli oVav fa the twatw wita Ofcia* • j? . -?■ - %/SMaMBaMMBK «arf?tt-a>Bcar MBBfe?i la^mbmbV ?BUbTV W VlC«obTlbbbl pOV-fflU wIW aIWaBBV^ 4-L£^ 4^^*- a^l^^B?al * 'Sff aBBB%BBBBaBBBBBiBBSBT AbBBBBV IBSS UK VM BICBJVI , B •Hna?V^pM?V^* «bbbbW __, or •• * -\^^^rf^ oH*««MUi abbbbW^mW tW WBBlj w«Vf BBWan^y tyww aDcokaMAeti omtaamj to ite ftwffawaa. n*pMt aw 118 Bfcit • • twt oppiatH??^ 4ar wwbwbbj oar actual nla tkM wiAt?eHo?aOawpaaaa^aMfta Inpaial few. FibjiiUJb^ ft* fasw* of faajMgawwto wtrid.tlwfa«B%wfil> of aa?i<afaU ifa^ito«l?Xto«H««i S«* fa Caaaa, 4ka? fa agaaat o?altofco a* jI *^^a^^^? L^ bV^^^b^^JH^^^^ ■BMbU VB? IM BCBbSbTHI VBbbBB BY JbV*bb1BBBBBB? vfl SB OBbUb w?ft fVBBBnBfItVVSB ?B^MBam M ? - ft* ■■■ - - • ? ■ SBV vBEBbW 3B vPBhB SB* SBW BBBbt^BBBBB)"* platad taat fa bbbbb for a levof oar countrymen trading t>r travelling in the . JBlowEiy. .Land, these provinces should be subject to 8 mighty invasion of Mongolians, •who come -here, not to settle, not to assist in developing the resources of the country, not to promote commerce, but simply to take as much of out gold as they can, and rr'^lepart as quickly as possible, only to be wcceeded fay fresh and more numerous ,\ Isoldes of A???tfo" "who will go through, the process. There is so reciprocity in fibchannrxangeinent as this. Odb Goremmcnt telegram, confirms the news of Bussian defeats in Asia, and repre sents the Csai's troops as liaving retreated to the AraxefrValley, while at Batoumala the effort? of the Muscovite have been un «uecesBfuL Tie same message informs as that 120,000 Russians have crossed the ': JJatrabe, and, moving down the Dobruds&a;, «re occupying all the country to the foot of 1 tl« Balkans. ; fa eeem?, however, that the Turkish- forces made a stand against the -enemy at Biela, about 20 miles south east from Sistova,. which place has been Sacked by the Bulgaripne, and defeated him with heavy loss. SaMman Pasha, at the head of Turkish troops, is marching towards the Danube, presumably to follow up this •victory. The great struggle, however, will probably be in the Balkans, where the Turk has made immense preparations to give the invader a very warm reception. A lnncheoo to Mr. T. King. MJP, will ]? given in the Town Rail Bonding to-day, in t?Oognition of -tine principle of tiie freedom of JS? Pros. Bit Henry Ayen U to take the , <&air.; Special attention is directed to the fact .' • that the luncheon will commence at 1 o'clock : BwdselT. -" His Excellency the Administrator will ntesent the certificates to the successful candi -aatos at the llkfe Institute Examination in <3ener?l Bdacatioh at the Znstitate, at half-part 3 oUock this afternoon. Pecsofw interested in education arfrnvited to be prtfcont. The Supreme Court will sit in Banco this morning. ■ / Mr. W. Corrie Johnson was a passenger by the steamer Victorian, which left for Mel tjourae on Saturday. We have received from Messrs. W. A. dawthwe S Co., the Australasian A.8.0. Rail way and toad Guide for July. A demonstration in connection with the Ziobetbal Wool and IVeed Company is to take fOaceteHJayatLobottiaL Out telegrams Inform us that it is Terr •doubtful febetbtr Ac steamer tobra will float iftiteeOcrtswhtcfa ate being made to get her -off aremoceMfsl We understand the Adelaide Football Club is making arrangements to play an inter- colonial match with a Melbourne team towards the end of the season. We are reqaeeted to state that, owing to -the accidsct totiw.st??in«r Tjobra, flic steamer Kangano will sail for Fort Lincoln, Moonta Bay,and WaUaroo 40-Borrow at 3 p.ni. A apecal meeting of the Soutii Ans tnlian Xaw D«Jnti?g Society will be held at the Supreme Court Bobing Boom {his evening. to consider a circular from tbe Registrar of th University concerning degree? in law. A noeetinff .of Ac Marine-^oard, at which *H the tntanben were present, was held on ThliiiilM """"I July -7, to wnmMer tbe Huwtian -of light dnea. Tba aubject was dis «cuswd witii chved doocs* ~ . : According to the Port Fine Gasetti "?flje Oovemment evidently anticipate a jamb on tbe railway lines in the Part this season, •for Mr. Duffy baa' instructions to lay down eidingt to every atore and jetty in the place.* Tire Port Fine paper understands "that the owners of tbe steamers Btaro and Emu have in one company, giving £16,000 far tbe former and £90,000 for the latter. In futore the two beats wili«ach make tiuee trips attOnUnto and from Port Adelaide." . A 'fine sample of copper ore from the . Lottery Mine, Itunjibbevabout 30 mile? north of the Burra, may be seen at ibis office. A abaft naa been sank on Jthe lode, and ttiere ia every indkataon of ttie locality becoming a jcosperoas field Car mining operation*. ' Tie tTnmin&l; Sittings of the. Supreme Ooort flnMMedonl3iiUiftlay,i>fa?P.seiit?Jieus were passed on tbe remaining «oQTteted pri •aanera, and jn eonsequance of tbe Jury not being aUe to agree the ease of James and Henry Bidgood for sheepstealing was made a ffmftmm^ fotHt? nezi atttmgs. TS? Ibriae Board have decidod to : y ooeedtatfaafloolwa, to-day to mvertigateon the -apot tbe^-ensumstanoas romwwtad with the tbe steamer Ktterprue near tbe -' Bfenxay Mowtfi. They- «iH also enquire into -other matters cooneetod with the navigation of ttbellnicaylioath. Early on Satorday morning, July 7, the premises, of Mean. Webb, Vardon, & Frit ' -diard. printers, of GresnamHrtreet. ware entered by fluevss, wno attempted to force open Use -safe. Thb object sras not .effected, and nothing was taten from tb« place. Ituti?ughtthataa ■eaftranoe ni made tiuoa^h a back window. 33ie bkckdoora bad also been, tampered with. We referred a few days ago to tie *mg«lar fact tbat the brigs Edifii Uavfland and Ibid of Erm «wt were wrecked before they nacbed Shea derianations, both cleared from Port Adebudeontne same day. Oar attention has since been drawn to the fact that tbey desred on a Friday, a day Oat is constderedby ' istany "'*">"? as ben^ nnlncicy. An extraordinary feat was recently acoompltsbed by five smaQ cattle of tbe H3gh ; laad breed belonging to Mr. T. Dodd. Dis smtian^witbtaeirjiaBtQreanineaooronc,tliey swam across to Mandoo Island, and, stm dis- to the water and swam ? dicteace of so?oe miles to Point Start, where { ttey landed «afaW-,a?d a few days afterward i ] ,-were Eonad and taken away by one of Mr Dodd'smen- - *• At about 1 o'clock on Saturday afternoon, "July 7. a man named JubelTVilkins reported ataeMefcrbpoliton Police Station that ttie body xt a nun was lying in tbe?iver Torrensbetws2n tbe Bauwaj tad Hindmarsn Bridges. The ■ cornse. was-identified as flia* of Jobn Garter, a abTOgntnrman, mndrng at Hbrffi Adelaide. The deceased, who was a married man, leaves a young {am3y. An inqnerf will be held to-day by tbe ' CttyOoroner. . Tbe Hon. L. Glyde on Saturday morning presented to iv?iii«m«i? of PuWio Wodca a. tnywnorisl firom theDistriet OooncH of Mount Gambia: East, jrayiag SaU. the xaHway stsiaon at Gambierton ahonld be placed «tteaarfiHea«teorner of Section l^OO.ja the fios) aoitaUe posftinn. The ~ Commissioner atatod fltattite finiernenoriak on the subject ware bong acported«n fay On Bendent-Bng> w>*~*mA Jlisi tile question «f the alto' of the 0.8. Johnson. tt?e architect, who was recently 5n AiMaWte, bae ju4i completea plans at fte ; <DraV?Of4ttlG.tr.Pet^,ofM?U>«irno;for«ie cnpdo? of* monster arsade, to «ost £10,093, wfdeb *O1 fu? fits, «entre of -tbe "blbeV in <JpJlin*t<^,tK*wemBmfan?tonandEli?beth pfaee*^?^«rtenaiinti^iiitolnttteOaUins street It will be ? magnificent building, and will far surpass anything of the sort in Mel bourne both in appearance and in the excellence of its arrangements. The Southern Star Lodge, U.0.8.T, gave a musical and literary entertainment on Friday evening, July 6, in the Gonger- gtreet Schoolroom. Br. B.C. -Grutzmacher presided. The programme was varied and attractive. Songs were rendered- by Sisters Cook, Tippet, and Grntsmacher ; a concertina solo was played by Br. Baby; and recitations were delivered by Mr. Hancock, and Brs. Cook, Viney, and Cameron. Brs. Anstey,lianey,andGrut?macher, each received an encore for the manner hi which they rendered songs. Br. Crocker accom panied on the harmonium. A backward race between D. Shaw and H. Morcom took place on Saturday afternoon. July 7, at the Exhibition Grounds. The sport was very tame, only attracting about 20 specta tors. The race was for a silver trophy, value £20, three events; distances, 100,190, and 300 yards. Shaw won the first event by about half a yard, bnt Morcom won the but two events easily. Other sports were advertised, but owing to the scanty patronage—only about six persons pay ingto go into the grounds—they weretaot carried out.- Mr. F. Goodfellow acted as Starter, and Messrs.G. jfrdinglmll and B. Anderson officiated as Judges. The half-yearly meeting of St. Patrick's Branch of the.Australasian Catholic Benefit Society was held on Eriday evening, July 6. There was a good attendance. Mr. Isaac Smith presided. Mr. "B. J. Gonlon was • elected Chairman.for.the ensuing six months; Mr. James Atyeo,. Vice-chairman; and Mr. David Young, ■ Assistant - Secretary. The balance-sheet ihowed a profit of .over £25. There vu an amount of £360 at interest It was stated tbat there bad been a great addition to the membership during the past six months. A levy of Is. per quarter was made to meet the requirements of the sick fund. Mr. John Watson, J.P. (Mayor of Mount Gambia-), has forwarded the following letter to the President of the Marine Board:—"" En closed I forward Bank draft for £22, balance of subscription!) raised here and at PortMaeDon- I nellfor relief of the captain and crew of the Edith Haviiand. The total amount raised was £64 4S. «dL. and «« Ss. Bd. was spent inpravid ing an outfit previous to then-leaving for Ade laide. Great praise Is due to Corporal Field and Captain Melville for their efforts in the math*. Ibavetostskyoatobekindeitfughto ' distribute tile amount enclosed equally among allthennfartnaatemen." The sum was distri buted on Saturday morning, July 7, among the eight survivors of the wreck. The Marine Board has not yet given its decision as to the result of the enquiry. ThU is, we believe, held in abeyance pending advice tint has been sought from the law officers of the Grown. An accident occurred late on Saturday evening, July 7, at the north-east corner of Victoria-square, by which a young man named Hugh O'Brien was killed. At about 11 o'clock be was driving one of the North Adelaide omnibnases towards the Glenalg Bailway Sta tion, when some persons standing dose by heard a noise, and on going to discover the cause found him lying in a pool of blood. He was picked op and immediately taken to the Hospital, wherehe lingered until about half-past 3 o'clock, when he died. He had sustained very severe-injuries to bis sfcell; but there was some doubt expressed as to whether the wheel had passed over Mm or not. The cause of the acci dent is a mystery so far, but further particulars Will no doubt be ri'iii^ at the inquest to be held on Tuesday. The horses attached to the Ims were caught near the Supreme Court. The deceased, who was about 19 years of age, was a son of Mr. Andrew O'Brien, well known as a coach-driver on the Willoaga-road some yean ago The well-known preacher, the Her. Dr. Camming, in his work, "The End," published in Xiondon in 1855 has the following prophecy, v. iii. page 138, which many of our readers will perusewtOi interest at this time.—"There is, he says, an old work found in the Angustinian Library at Borne. It is dated 1676, very nearly 200 years ago.' The passage X read is at page ISO. It is entitled De Flaotibns nistics navis, autbpre Bidolpho Geltfaier; Augusts 1675.— Before the middle of the nineteenth century, seditions will be excited everywhere in Europe. Xtepnblics will arise, kings wOl be put to death, together with the nobility and ecclesiastics, and the religious will desert their convents. Famine, pestilence, andearthquakes will spread desolation over many cities. Borne will lose her sceptre by the invasion of false philosophers. The Pope will be made a captive by his own people, and the Church of. God will be placed under tribute, divested of its temporal posses sions. In a short time there will be no Pope. A. prince from the North will overran .Europe with a great army, destroy the republics, and exterminate all rebels. His sword, wielded by God, - will vigorously defend the Chnroh of Christ, uphold the orthodox faith, and subdue the Mahometan power. A new pastor, the final, will come by a heavenly sign frmn the shore in simplicity of heart, and the doctrine of Christ and peace will be restored to the world." Dr. Camming gives the Latin text of the prophecy. A meeting was held on Saturday, July 7, at Crase'e Hotel, VammAm^ to consider the ad visibility of re-establishing the Kapunda Agri cultural Society. Mr. H. T. Morris, of Anlaby, who had convened the masting, presided. The attendance was bnt amalL After a lew intro ductory remarks from the Chairman, Mr. Elliot said on a former occasion they had found the difficulty of keeping up the old Society, on ac count of the few who took an active interest-in it. He hoped tie neighboring farmers would come forward and lend their aid in reviving a Society which wsiof somuiAiniporianceto them. Their shows used tobe good, also their ploughing msArhpa, and they vogtA not to be worse now. They had some funds in hand and a certain amount of plant. Mr. W. Flavel said he" had taken an active part in the old Society, and he thought if it were revived they would have a much better chance of carrying it. on titan before. The Chairman thought it a misfortune for Kapunda that it had not a good agricultural society. He b?/l done ail he could to rapport it, and he would do so again. He did not care to risk sending first-class stock to Adelaide to show, but he liked to show them in the neigh borhood. Mr. T. Oldham moved—"That it is desirable to resuscitate tie Agricultural Society in Kapunda." He was satisfied that if it were once started a great deal of support would be given by the surrounding farmers, **^"E>? they had not attended that meeting very numerously. Mr. J. Carey seconded the motion, and confirmed what the mover had said. Mr. Cameron, machinist, supported, and suggested that a Committee should be formed and sub acripfione collected at once. Mr. Saandrett was also in favor of starting the Society at once, as persons would moie readily subscribe and help forward what was established than what was enly talked about. The motion was carried unanimously. It was resolved to hold another meeting shortly, and to send outcircalars to the neighboring farmers and others. On Sunday morning, July 8, the Bey. Osric Copland, preached his first sermon as pastor of the Congregational Church, North Adelaide. He took for his text, « Not for that wb jfaave dominion over your faith, but are helpers of yonr joy," ILClormtiiians L.34. The address was appropriate and affectionate, and calculated to draw, tire hearts of the people to their pastor, while at the same tune he earnestly .directed.tiiem to Christ. He disclaimed any wish to exercise priestly domination, or to die fate frft Tm F""Yk* ft?*M?t' iljMfl Hi«?g?- Hewoold be glad to be considered their helper, and to aidthem with Ins counsel and prayers. He asked the same freedom for himself that he allowed to others. He found himself brought into the closest relation with a Ohnrch, loving, healthy, Tsmi active, with its twgamnstions in an advancedrSate ef nsefnT activity. Be hoped tbat plaoe would be his home.* He deprecated the derire to exerdae any "lossy over sight" over those who were engaged in nsefnl work, bat he would be glad to render them all the help in his power. He hoped those who might attend his ministza tioii? would rather be able to say that they were helped by them than that they had heard splendid sermons. He never tried to preach splendid sermons and never had done so. They would find nothing loud or demonstrative in his preaching, bat he hoped they would find what would win their hearts to Christ, and that would be a grand thing accomplished. " Bat," he said, "if my heaat should harden to yon or yours to me, and yon young people are not brought to the crow of Ghnst, I shall learn with oaspeakable sorrow after all my anti cipations of the last few weeks that this is not my resting place, that this ia not my home. You will have enough to do to bear with my infirmities, but I ask you to help me with the strength of your deration, and by consecrating your lives, your all,t.> the service of Christ. The time is getting "Hurt, eternity is long; life and health are t •, > uncer tain—help, help." The rev. gentleman, has a winning iiMU|?iiur t s, clear, low, musical voic?, and hi? subject matter, as well as his style of delivery, indicate * refined and cultivated mind. He preaches entirely without notes. On Saturday afternoon, July 7, the mem bers of the Adelaide Hunt met by special invi tation at the residence of Mr. W. Townseud, BLP., Miteham. About 30 gentlemen sat down to lunch. The host was supported on his right by the Master, Mr. J. L. Stirling, and on the left by His Excellency the Acting- Governor. After the substantial* bad been disposed of, Mr. Tewnsand in a few felicitous remarks, pro posed " The Health of the Master,''speaking of him as a sterling gentleman, and observing mat this was the seventh occasion on which it had been his prmlegato have as grata the mem bers of the Hnnt dnb. Mr. Stirling, in re sponding, gave the toast "Our Host," which was received with cheen. The throw-off took place in a small paddock a short distance behind Mr. Townsend's house; and the hunt then led over a doable and across the Mtahanvioad, sweep ing away south-east and south towards the hills. Afterafewmmntes'breathingtimetothe horses the hounds led back in very much the same direction as the run out, and finished in the paddock at the rear of Mr. Townsendis house. In the back gallop two or three riders got very nasty falls. At the third fence on the return, Mr. Ward, who was riding a hone belonging to Mr. Grabb, got a severe shaking. His hone struck the fence and come down all in a heap. The meet severe aocidsntot the day was that received by Mr. C. H. T. Hart, who was riding young Bocket. The scene of the mishap was the double fence at *he aide of the MUcham-xoad, just above the place of finish. The Master and afew others had just clearedithe jump, with Mr. Hart t> little behind. Hk horse cleared both fences, bnt imnHoA cm a heap of road metal, where he oouldget no footing to recover litw-lf, consequently he came down, hurling bis rider heavily to the ground. Mr. Hart was supported into the house of Mr. Townsend, where he shortly afterwards re covered from Hie shaking suffioiently to too borne. Messrs. Bickford and Blackmore also had Blight falls. Amonrt those in at the finish were the Master on Sheet Anchor, Mr. Bickford on Highbred, Mr. Alf Bickford on Vanguard, Mr. Malcom on Unknown, Mr. Parr on Glenooe, Mr. Ferguson on a cob, and Ryan, the Whip, on BenecU?oy. The hounds ran better oa Satur day than on any previous day daring the season. The scene of the hnnt was through some very pretty oountry. The jumps although numerous (About 30) with few exceptions were not so high as those in the preceding hunt at Paradise. The number of attendants on horse back was not quite so numerous as on previous occasions, bnt the attendance of spectators in vehicles was mnch greater. Hie remains of the late Dr. J. Benson were interred in the West-terrace Cemetery oa ftundayafternoon,July6. Ny i?jj*?esteem ia which the deceased fciiiffUtasa was held was fully testified by the very targe rttoHil I the place of interment. It was estimated that there were quite 3,000 parsons at the Cemetery, while the line of route was literally thronged, especially the Parade and Beulah-road, Nor wood. The fiineralcttrf^atarted from the late residence of the deceased and proceeded to St. Bartholomew^ Church, where a funeral service was held. The coffin was then replaced within the hearse, and the Cemetery was reached at about half-past 4 o'clock. The procession con sisted of the hearse, three mourning coaches, about 190 members of the Norwood Odd fellows, M.U- Druids, and Good Templars. Lodges (to each of which deceased was surgeon), and about ISO vehicles. In front of the latter the deceased's favorite bone was led by a groom. Some idea may be fonnedof tee length of the procession when it is stated that as the hearse reached King William-street the last of the vehicles had not passed Mr. Smith's Rent Town Brewery. The first mourning coach con tained Mrs. Benson and the three eldest sons of the deceased, Mrs. Andrews, Bey. W. B. Andrews, and Mr. J.B.Moolden; in the second coach, were Mrs. G. Anderson, Messrs. C. H. T. Hargrave and B. Moulden; and in the third, Or. Spxod (partner of deceased), Messrs. G. Anderson, and Hargrave, jun. The Bey. W. B. Andrews officiated both at the church and the grave. The burial services of the Oddfellows and Druids were also read. Among the persons prcsHit at the grave were Dr. Moon (President of the Medical Board), 0c Patexson (Colonial Surgeon), Dr. Wylde (Vaccination Officer)^ Dr. W. Gosse (President of the Central Board of Health), Dra. C. Gosse, Wya*t,WhittelL Curtis, Ellison, Bobertson, Clindenning, Mclntyre, Phillips, Mayo, Seabrook, Thomas, Peel, Astles, and Gannon, the Bars, J. O. Haynes, andlLT. Burgess, Professor Davidson, Messrs. H. C. Mais, Jf. (Engineer in Chief), O. Todd, C.M.G. (Postmaster General), B. W. Hitohin, J.P. (Auditor-General), T. Ward, J.P. (Oity Coroner), W. D. Glyde, S. D. Glyde (Mayor of Kensington and Norwood), and On. Knowfcs, Taylor, Dew, Packham. Wjgg, aiid Heanes, of the Kensington Corporation, Heasrs. F. J. Hotting, JJ?.,H. Brown, H. Hughes. F. Hage dorn, T. Caterer, W.|D. Olaxton^T. G. Pappin, J. B. Champion, G. Dagenhardt, li. Wittgenstein, J. Pearce, B. P. Mndge, G. Aldridge, W. C. Coombs, W. P. Blundell, J. D. Woods, juil, J. M. Stuart, M.C.Daviea,G.Mumme,L: A, Black more, B. J.Scott,D. W. Scott. W.D. Scott, J. 8\. Scott; H. Mildred. An apology was received for the absence of Dr. Cochin on ■wwint of a death in his own family. An inquest was held on Friday afternoon* July 6-atthe BurraHospital, by Mr. J.D. Gave, Jf.,Mtotbe deaUio! Samuel BobertPelton. Mr. W- Builder was elected Foreman of the I Jury. Charles Early, of Hanson, said he had been working with the deceased at IGntaro Station, on the Burr* Bailway, painting bridges. On Wednesday he had occasion togo toFarrell'- Flat, and proceeded thither by the evanin. tnin. When be left Mintarodeceased was ii perfect health, and was inside a covered railway van, which the two had been in the habit of using as a sleeping plaoe. Ob returning to Mintsro about half-past 6 on Thursday morning witness went to the van and found all openings closed except the door, which was a eliding one, and open about three inches. There was a board inside toe door used to keen out draughts, and which extended to within about 12 inches of the top, thus leaving an opening of only about 12 by 3 inches. Witness opened the door and saw deceased on the bed. He was breathing heavily, and witness thought he. was in a sound sleep. Witness tried tiwake him, but could not, and he then called the Stationmaster, and the two together endeavored to rouse up de ceased, bat without effect. There was in she wnaonaUrtove,witijafewU?eooaU remain ing in ii. The pipe used as a. chimney bad been removed, and there was no outlet for the gas. Witness believed deceased was suffocated. About 8.30 a-m. Mr. Parker, surgeon, <* Min taro, arrived. He bad previously sent instruc tion as to the steps to be taken to restore mrimaWan, which were carried out by witness and the Stationmaster. Tha attempts to resusci tate deceased were continued without avail op tq-abott.t6pm,whenDr. Nesbitt arrived from the Buna, and it wag arranged that A****** should be sent to the Bon* Hospital. William Baunders, of Bhnerton, said he recognised the body as thai of Samuel R. Petton, whose daugh ter he had married. He had been sent for «n Thursday morning, and reached sfintaro about 11.40. On arrival be found Dr. Parker and the previous witness endeavoring to revive the deceased. Their efforts were kept up until evening, when deceased was sent to the Bnrra Hospital by the goods train. Dr. U. Brummitt, of ILaoringa, said he examined the A*r*—as on Thursday, about 8 p.m, in company with Dr. Kesbitt. He was unconscious, and appeared aa if suffering from apoplexy. Similar symptoms wonldlie produced by the inhaling of carbonic acid gas in a large quantity. Or. Kesbitt and witness continued the efforts to restore animation, bnt deceased became more and more comatose, and died about 1" pjn. He believed the death was caused by •' ceased inhaling am excessive quantity of carbonic acid gas. If there were bo outlet the oomboation of coal would produce a gas which wouJd ottimstsly become dense enough to pove fatal to a man I exposed to its influence. Richard Kearns,tuse and store keeper. Northern Extension Bailway, Biverton, said deceased had been working under < him. H« went to Mintaro by the morning train on Thursday, in response to a telegram from the BtatuHunaster, and found «l?w«fiii us described by Early. Bailway vans were used as sleeping places by the workmen, as they were not so cold as tents. It was against the rulesof the service to ose stoves in the vans, but the men some times had them. The Jnryretaroed the follow ing verdict:-"That the deceased died through having inhalfd an umnsiveqnaptityof carbonic j acid f<= generated by the combustion of coal j in a ujnpartment nnprevided with any outlet for the vapor, and that it was purely accidental and not otherwise." It v probable that Simonsen's English Opera Troupe, which has lately been performing at St. jGeorge's Hall, Melbourne, will soon visit Adelaide. A leheat?sl of Lehee's cantata "The Building of ti?Bhip, r which iito be produced at one of the Town Hall organ opening con certs, is announced for this evening at tiie Town Ball fiefreshment Boom. The Sydney Morning Herald of July 2 says :—a Mr. W. H. H. Davenport, one of the brothers whose performances have created so much discussion in England, America, and more recently in the colonies, died of consumption at the Oxford Hotel yesterday morning. The de ceased was a native of Bnnalo, UJ3X, and first appeared in connection with his brother and nofessor Fay 23 years ago as exponents of what have bent termed spiritualistic ttanees. He arrived in Sydney a few days ago from Auck land." A matinee performance in connection with Bacheloeni Fantascope was given at White's Booms on Saturday, July 7. The special feature of the entertainment was the presenting of a gift to each member of the audience. As usual the hall was well filled in ! every part, the juveniles having mustered in strong force. In the evening the pantaseope was exhibited for the last tame in White's Booms. There was a crowded attendance. At the con- ' elusion of the evening's performance, Mr. I Bechelder thanked the people of Adelaide for \ their very liberal patronage during the ! lcnytlwnj^ season his exhibition had been ! before them. The exhibition will open at the , Port Town Hall this evening. Hie Excellency the Acting-Governor and ' Suite, accompanied by Signer and Signora Majeroni, attended the Theatre Boyal on Satur day evening, July 7, to witness therepresentatton of Shakspeare's tragedy of "Macbeth." The dress circle was fairly patronised, and the other parts of the house were crowded. Although the presentation of such a pteoe taxed the talent and resources of the company, it was on the whole performed in a very creditable manner, Mr. 6. D. Chaplin filling tbe title roU, and alias Ada Ward appearing for the first time in the character of I*dy Macbeth. Her assumption of such a part can only be regarded as an experi ment, because very few actresses have been gifted with powers that would enable them o include within their repertorie all the variety of characters in light comedy and melodrama that Hiss Ward has presented to us daring the past month; and therefore it was ■afto be expected that she would distinguish herself in heavy tagedy. She Jesertrai to be complimented, however, opM'% soceess of her efforts on Saturday evening, as for a irst attempt she gave a very intelligent and praise worthy leading of the part. Fault coaid easily be found with her action, as she failed toemvey the impression tbat she was one "front Has crownto the toe top-full of direst cruelty," but she was Boost effective in the banquet and deep-walking scenes, and won the frequent approval of Hie audience. Mr. Chaplin was an able Macbeth and looked and dsessed the part well. He was loudly applauded for bis excel lent acting in the banqnetting •ceae, where j Hi wi**"X*^iisn 1* hmT"-"* jfrp f |-i t*«i i r flf Ban quo's ghost was realistic without being overdone. Mr. Douglas, as Macdnff, exhibited very little j concern oa being informed tihat the tyrant had i shun his wife and children, but reset ved his j energies for the broadsword oombat at the close of tbe play. Mr. Bainford as Malcolm, and Mr. ! Joyce as Duncan, sustained their parts with j credit. Looks'* musio was very well readeroi 1 by the company and the orchestra. Mr. South was a very good Hecate. This even ing "He New Magdalen" will be repeated, i and on Tuesday " Bast Lynne" will be | presented (under the patronage of His Ex cellency) for the beneat of Miss Ada Ward. | "Jealousy, or Mistaken Education," j which is to be presented at White's Booms this evening by the Majeroni Troupe, belongs to that clsss of dramas which have been termed "Society plays," and which are designed to illustrate certain habits, manners, or occur rences in the every-day life of those who lepre sent the upper stratum of social life. Although the theme simply consiste of the carefully elaborated expansion of a single idea, the piece is full of interest, which is not interrupted by anything like aa anticlimax, and the end is apparently tamed. The story is simple. The hero is a young nobleman who has been designedly educated by his mother in retirement, and whose knowledge of life is rather that of a student than a man of the world. He marries a woman who, as far as her relations with society are concerned, is exactly his opposite. He loves her devotedly, but she has married him only for pontiop. Their tastes, their preferences, then: habits, ate i aU mantagonism,and ft eomee topaw,ftne | fore, that abe encourages tbe attentions of an. admirer, between whom and herself there is much more in common than between herself and herbnsband. The intimacy becomes known to tiie latter, who. however, is supposed by his wife and his friends to be insensible to what is passing around him, and be determines upon signal punishment. Delicately regardful, how ever.otbis wife's reputation and his own family honor, be omtriro that the challenge shaft come &om; his rival. They fight, and the Utter is kUled,andatthe point where the husband in forms his wife of the death of her lover there commences a series of situations which are f nil of dramatic intensity. A conflict of curiously fluctoatnag passions is represented. Oa one side there is a deeply-rooted affection strng glins wi& a stern resolve of unforgiveness; on the other a gradually developing love evoked into a tempest by continually recurring remorse. Tbe husband insists that, to the eater world, they should seem as if there had been no inter ruption to the smooth cmaent of their domestic peace, while when they are alone there are the most rtodioiuly bitter reproaches on the one hand, and contrition on the other. He carries about with him a letter written to his wife by the man he has slain, and whenever he Anas himself being moved into retenting? he hardens bis anger by reading this missive. Soch. an . niw?e<Hiagfear of mental agitation nroilnoos the, inevitable result of breaking health in both of them, and then It is the reconciliation cornea. The scene in which this v affeted is a very touching one, ana the curtain falls immediately Upon its *r*yj*nf& iAnmn t 