GENERAL' NEWS. "With referencetoMies Mary L. Young's not appearing: as " Marguerite" on Wednesday evening at.the Eoyal in the play of " Faust," the simple reason we understand is that her en gagement as a member of the present company terminated on Monday last, and no re-engagement had been effected, although therehad been some negotiations oh the matter. Miss Young's name appeared on the playbills as Marguerite entirely without her authority. We are sure the mere announcement of her not taking the part she was expected to play is calculated to convey erroneous impressions, without this explanation. Miss Young leaves for the United, States shortly, and will carry with-her the good wishes of many in this city who have enjoyed her impersonations, and will remember her as a talented and pleasing actress. The following is' Thursday morning's weather report ou. the Adelaide and Port Dar winTelegraph Line:—Beltana, fine; Strangways Springs, clear, fine ;.Peake, pleasant; Charlotte Waters,clear; Alice.Springs,clear,fine; Barrow Creek, pleasant; Tennant' Creek,clear, fine,cool; Powell Creek, pleasant; Daly. Waters, cool; Katherinie, yery, fine j Pine Creek; clear; Yam Creek, warni; Southport, fine; Port Darwin, clear, fine, warm. The steamer Star of Hope, which was chartered by the Government to bring back the Western Australia telegraph construction party fron^Eucla, arrived attbit port yesterday. A German laborer named Berger/.in the employ of Mr. J. W. A. Sudholz, Gules. Plains, i was admitted into the Adelaide. Hospital: on 1 Wednesday. He was doing, some fencing work . } that day, when he fell and injured his right knee. . Tea. and public meetings in connection withl the .'anniversary services of the Clayton 'ChnrchSjmday-eckopl are to be held this even ing. .At thjO.public meeting the. Hbh.BR.' A, Tarltoh, hr.L.C., is to deliver a lecture entitled "Westward ,ho! or, from England-to' San Franctep." ^ *' . At^ipeeting of cricketeijs; held at the Pbrtibnfl'Hotel, on Tuesday Oyenlfigi AugaBfc 28,;itwas decided to form a Club. to be called the Port Suburban Cricket Club; About 20 mem bers wbre enrolled; and' the- following officers : elected:-^-Secretary, Mr- A;J Martin; Treasurer, Mr. Todd; Committee, Secretary,- Treasurer, and Messrs. Godden, Goldsmith, ana Padney. A correspondent writes" There would have been an' opportunity for the intervention Of the Society for tbe Prevention of Cruelty to Animals if the Secretary Had been on tbe Com pany's Wharf on Wednesday afternoon,-toisee the way in which four poor creatures were crammed! into the hold of a schooner. There was scarcely room for the horses to stand, and if the vessel eucounters any foul weather the . animals must,be sacrificed." ; On Wednesday evening, about 6 o'clock, two horses attached to a cab belonging to Mr. M. Keough bolted from Hindley-street. They • careered madly up the Oity-road to North Ade laide, and safely piloted themselves through-, various streets until they reached Brompton Park, where they were captured. The horses were much exhausted by their rapid flight, but otherwise were not hurt. The trap was also luckily uninjured. We have been shown, by Mr. W. Wad ham, some very beautiful photographs taken by Capt. Sweet, at Port St. Vincent, respecting; which port we published an article the othey day. The photographs prove that what was. therein stated about the character of the scenery,, and of the port itself, was in no way exagge rated. If a good anchorage and a romantic coastline are what are wanted to make a place go ahead, Port St.'Vincent ought to be a success. The Jackson's Bay correspondent of the West Coast Times records the death by a horrible accident of the wife of a Polish settler, named Wietzki, at Smoothwater, in New Zealand. On June 30 Wietzki was cutting down a tree, which he had already been admonished two or three times to remove because it was close to<his house, when suddenly the tree—whick was rotten in the middle—fell upon the roof of the house, crushing to death in its sudden, and un expected fall the poor woman, who was at the time engaged in household duty, and had her infant child in her arms. The latter, however, was providentially saved from the horrible death of her mother. On Friday afternoon, August 24, a large number of people witnessed the .laying of the corner stone of the new Post and Telegraph Station at Bedhill. The ceremony was per formed by Miss Alice Beynolds. The children attending the Government School, numbering about a hundred, were present, with their teachers, Mr. and Miss Newton, and rendered some pieces of music very creditably. After cheers had been given for the Queen and Miss Beynolds, the gentlemen present adjourned; to a cold repast, after which the usual toasts were honored.' Mr. Thos. Henwood, J.P., presided. .TheRev.D.F. Barry, O.S.B., delivered his lecture on the "Life and Pontificateiof Pope Pius IX." at Port Pirie on Monday evening, August 27, to a pretty large audience, which would have probably been much greater had' not the weather towards evening become boisterous and threatening, Mr. W. H. Boss occupied the chair, and the rev. lecturer sus tained the interest of his audience for about two hours. The proceeds of the lecture were- to be devoted towards the erection of a Benedictine Monastery and College in Scotland. During the evening Mr. and Mrs. T. A. O'Brien and Mr. T. Anthony rendered with good effect instru mental and vocal music. A telegram from Kumara, in New Zea land, states that the Bank of New South Wales was robbed early on the morning of the 8th August. Two men are supposed to have been engaged in the burglary. A large number of botes (most unsigned) and a bag of gold were taken. Mr. Hogg, the agent, shot a man leav ing the Bank, and the man dropped the gold, and a quantity, of blood on it. shows that the man was wounded—probably in,the hand. The ball passed through the door and lodged in the jamb. The Star has the following particulars regarding the robbery" Hogg and Brown were sleeping in the Bank at. the time. Hogg heard a noise and saw a man going out of the Bank door, aud fired a revolver at him, but the man escaped although he dropped most of the booty, between £3,000 and £1,000, mostly gold dust. Blood was found on the gold bag. Abput £400 in notes are missing. The burglar must have secreted himself in the Bank during the evening, when the Bank was open for gold-buy ing. He had been under the bed and got the keys from the agent's clothes daring the night, to open the safe. He would have got away with the booty but for Hogg's bullet." "Tlie. Chinese camp at Ballarat on Friday night," relates the Star of August 18, "resembled a vast beehive more than anything else, for it was crowded from dusk until dawn by larrikins, Chinese, and sight-seers—male and female. The annual ceremony of providing food, raiment, and firing for the souls of thpse Chinese who nave died by violence or accident was performed, a priest coming from Dunolly to officiate. About £30 was ; collected to pay expenses, and was laid oat in firewood, food, and paper patterns of clothing. At dusk a large fire was lit in -the open air, and tom toms, kettledrums, and reed pipes used, to produce an ear-splitting chorus. This music,-unearthly, though not very spiritual, was kept up until midnight to attract the attention of the spirits for whose benelt the good thrags were provided. Spirit etiquette seems;to be the same all the world over, and'> it is. not'the thing5 for even Chinese ghosts to walk before midnight. At that witching hfiur' gin and wine were spilt upon the earth, akid dishes wherein rice, fowls, fruit, vegetables, and pudding formed an olla podrida were placed round the fire. When the spirits were supposed to have eaten enongh toiast them for another twelvemonth, and warmed themselves ' thoroughly, the paper clothes were burnt amid many quaint ceremonies. The food Was then distributed among the paupers of the camp, a group of the loathsome lepers from near the rifle butts, who had crawled to the ceremony, getting a fowl to themselves.* " A contrivance has been patented,' states the Melbourne Argus, "by Mr. W. Bracket, of Bourke-street west, for preventing a horse running away with a vehicle when -he happens to be left unwatched in the street. Mr. Bracker has screwed a brass collar to the nave of the off wheel, and on the collar fitted a hook. When the driver descends from his spat all he has to do is to fasten the reins by meim of a connecting strap and ring to the hook. Should the horse then start off with the vehicle the reins would be immediately tightened up by the turning of the whiel, and before he could advance more than two or three paces he would have the whole of the pulling to do with his mouth instead of his body. The reins act on the horse in the same way as if pulled by the hand, and the horse would he glad for his own comfort'to stop. The collar is so adjusted to the nave thatit is free to turn independently of the wheel when the latter rans backwards. Consequently, when the hqrse backs with the vehicle, the light strain that is on the reins is sufficient to prevent the hook from following the wheel; and so shortening the reins. Were it not: for this precaution, the hoirse would be pulled bsbk as he went back, and eventually placed in a very awkward predica ment. Hie apparatus only acts when the animal moves ahead; and it comes into effect the moment he starts.. It should be /noticed that the strain pat on the horse amounts to much more than ike weight of the vehicle, for the wOight is.multiplied (aocording to a simple law in mechanics) by the difference/between the diameter of the nave .and the diameter of the wheel: A guard , projected from: the body1 of the vehicle prevents the reins from rubbing on the rim of the wheel..T.To.save. thef. horse's month, a stout elastic hand is introduced into the middle of the: strap, and it eabes .the pull .considerably." ■ The Sunday-school Uriion intend- to give an .entertainment on- behalf of its fiihdsj in White's Rooms, \«m',;;.Monda,y evening ;nexfc. The. programme will comprise a lecture by the BevV J. Thornd, dissolving views with; new slides, and^ the latter half of the " Flower Queen," by' the: Model School children, which Was so favorably-received when rendered a short time ago. Nicolai's charming opera, " The merry wives. of Windsor," was repeated at White's Booms on Wednesday .evening, in the presence of .a fashionable and well: pleased audience. This evening, " Die Fledermaus" (the Bat), a comic opera in three acts, will be given for the first time in the colonies. The plot of this opera has been translated and adapted from the French comedy, ",Ze Reveillon," by A. Baildon, expressly for Mr. Martin Simonsen. /The music is by Johann Strauss, and is very brilliant and attractive, a great deal of itbeing of the waltz ^ud . dance character, for which that composer is famous. We hope to see a crowded lioose, 