THE LAST OF THE VALdlS. Os the ' hanka of - the .Loire. The - bright river gleaming in the Bunshine,. and rolling-: through the arches' of. the'anoierit bridge over,: whioh ' frowns .the ''great' ' caatile of Amboise— Dot yet'' deformed ' by 'the builders of Louiu the Grcatj but' rejoicing iti. a wealth df arohiteotural' beauty ; the steni 'Norman features/ of' the . strongliold , throwing .into, relief the , florid. richness, of. the'Kenaissauce. ,Aa.;.tne sun {.deaoends, : steepmg the .lofty eaatelldtecl rook in orimaon and- purple— at the olbae of' thie gloribua'July day of 'the'year ot grace 1 589— 'the little bright-eye-f, b'laok-haired girlj gorgeoualy ^ight in a'dress stiff with gold and | poarla, knows little of :the' '^rribla' everil; ' . which Ihaa left- her. to;', be. the, plaything 'and the tobl/by .tiirria^the prey- and-, the '.lure, '.of, ?Catholio and .Huguenot,., ,of; mother^' and, brother, . arid husband, : .'Her-, ifather, .:.tho, great King Henry the Second— name forgotten' ainfle, were it not for a certain beautiful kind ofpottery— has failed a victim' to' the lucklSaa lance of Moritgomniery j and -France' is' left ^in, the weak .'grasp ef a gbritle^amo'oth-faced 'lid known' to: historians as Franois the Seoond, and celebrated, poor boy 1 for , no thing,, save as ; having Veen! the firab husband, of Mary Stuart! The little'glrl at Amboiae haa' been a p6ti of Ker haridaome, aad-looklng father, and of her. long-headed mother, Catherine devMediel. ? In the old happy days of- triumph,' whilo' the; '.victories of -Mets and Calaisj'and bucoesses'irf' Italy, made) the Frenoh /king deem himself . a, thanderbolt ot war, Henry oftiimea dandled . hit .daughter on hia knee, and aiBk^dher^hy '. the , preferred of i liar little playmates i' the . youthful. Guiso to tho bonnier Beaupreau — a question fully answered in .later un-J gadder days. Unluckily for the, little gifl, she is pretty, and, luckily or unluckily, is clever. Fated to be the last of the intellectual race of -Valois,' Bhe is second to none :of them.in'tho accomplishments of the time. Skilful instr.uo tors are opening 'her mipd to the literary masterpieces .of antiquity. Unhappily, .her school, if brilliant, 'ia;far' from purei .The' tasto of tho court of Catherine de Medici is formed on the model of M. do Rrjnsard,,whpse ditties; are over-much given to, the passion, of lovo; ? A change, comes over Frarice'as the little girl growS'tipward; The writings of the rollicking' author of Pantagruel/and the bitter satires of the friends of Itpnsard, have raised: a storm soon to break in- a crimBon showtr, . Persecuting Franjois, gloomy Henry, arid poor little, Franjois the Secorid 'are gone, and under the rule of the livid, hectic youth, Charles the Ninth, ;with his smooth face , and snaky look, the ' taint of HuRuenotry' has Bpread fur and wide. Little lilarguerette, who has been brought up '' bonne Catholique;' undergoes all kinds of perseoutions ? at the hands of her brother, the Duo' d'Alenjpn, iwho,: ' irifeoted'i with Protestantism, burns Jier old-fashioned books, and leads his poor little Bister a dread ful life. , . The court of France is really playing ? a double |game, the queen-mother being the reiguing spirit. : On the one hand is orthodoxy — and the whole power of the Housq of Lorraine — hateful to: the Yalois. Against orthodoxy and the Guises skilful Catherine covertly '.encourages the chiefs of the Hugue nots, aiming to Becure by this Maohiavelian policy tho-pre'domibance of the Crown— not to bo accomplished [ till, three-quarter;! of .a century later, by the genius bf ltiohelieu. , , '? Little . Marguerite ' grows apace in these troublous times,' increasing in beauty and'the. consciousuesB thereof . Lang before there is any question' of' marrying her, .there are rumours that she ,has faithful servjtors— lordlings who wfear hef colbu'rs, arid enjoy tho reputation of possessing her aOectionB. ITirst'ariiong these! shines,, in nil the : bravery: of . court, { favour, the, handsome Balzic d' EntraigueB — the ' bel Aritraguet' — 'dainty, minion ? of, Marguerite's brother, the Due d'Aujou — a. slender, graceful ? man, with' delicate, wPll-cut features of iquiet concen-. trated expressibu'-; ;one of those self-contained men, full of courage, vice, aud, intrigue, who have left their' names in letters of blood on the page of the Renaissance; a dandy, too,' of the first water, ehaved and curled, perfumed and essenced,;, till he sheds an aroma of gallantry arouud him— a dangerous admirer for a young princess of volcanic tendenfiies. But his web is soon spun',' as he, with Qu^lus and others 'of the same type, followB his master ' to the kingdom of Poland. The reception of the Polish ambassadors is made the .ocoasion of , a brilliant f8te, at which, of course, Marguerite is present in a wondrous dress of velvet incarnadine glittering with spangles, blazing with precious Btones; her head — already decked, alaBl for vanity — in one of the 'dainty blonde wigs' that she loved to her dying day. The raven locks are hidden, and the hazel eyes shine but under a remarkable head-dreaB, also bf crimeon velvet, decked with feathers, diamonds, ; and pearls. A very beauteous Marguerite indeed, and soon furnished with a new'love'r — no other than her early playmate, the'Duo de Guise — the dark-visaged, scarred one; the famous soldier who; when threatened, , said proudly, ?'They dare not 1' A well- matched couple this; 'le Bal»frd' being anxious to wed a daughter. of France.' Guise, backed by the ? whole power of the papacy, is strong enough to break off the projected marriage between Marguerite and ( the , King of Portugal,: but is forced, to bend to the polioy of the qiieeri mother. .Catherine will; not Bee the hated house of Lorraine, already, to her' mind, far : too strong, . strengthened yet more by another alliance with a daughter of France.. It. may hot be; and the handsome loverB are advised that their destiny is different. The sbar'red ' one, terrified by ' the menaces of the' king; marries at once; a handsome widow— the Prinbess de Porpian— who gives him no little trouble aB timejrplls on. Hapless Marguerite,' like another, but by no' means spotlesB, Iphigenia,, is: destined for another, fater iforeshadowed; at a famous meeting on the confines of France and Spain. Never was a ffito more brilliant than this held to celebrate the interview between Queen Elizabeth, consort of Philip the Second, her mother, Catherine, and her brother, Charles the Ninth. : The Island of Aigiie'meau on the Adour has been metamorphosed into a fairy palace, surrounded 'by.,. lofty trees) under; whioh lurk snug parties: of ten or a dozen, ,the, royal table at one . ond of - this sylvan palace' being eleyated on a dais of four steps' I. of - emerald turf. . Around these tablea hover Kbbcuuuuv ouupuuruesses, aresueu ill taLiu ana, cloth »ot goldi . in the costume of all the various-! provinces' of, France. ' Ajjj the state barges, draped 'iri costly Btuffs, emblazoned . with the royal device, ? approaohed the island., to the aptlrid of sweet instruments, and the aorig of.mfirmen' and 'mermaidsy.'the island shepherdesses danqe'.' after.' the manner of' their respective '.provibdes— the' pqitevinesv' to the skirling of a bagpipe'; the Provehoales, to , the olash of, cy riibalq j , the Burguridians, to , the piping of. the;obbe; tlie Champenoisea, to tho fife' and tabor ;'. the Bretunnes -dancing the -most- vigortusly. of, all... Dancing over,, there ; 'enters ' d j'bkhd ,;of musical, satyrs 'and1 lovely nymphs, but 'envious fortune ? being unablo.ito eridure so much gloryj'f-' a beavy storm,', accompanied ,by a deluge of rain, . descends upon the ? fairy isle, scattering ,'th'e ' gay oompany, and driving them to their boats for shelter pell-mell^a rptreat'giyiiigXise ,to many comical adventures, arid tnore. queer : storiea of the; general . confusion, of .partuera,; One couple, bowever, ia well matched, but they hardly laugh, these two; nor is.itheir, apparel-, so bravely deoked with bright colours and sparkling'/gemfe as that of the- giggling dames and forward gallarits who hurry to the' yvaterrside. ' Neither of these serious, persbns ia of French- birth.' Tljo woman1, , largbreyed and large- nosedj-'ia'a : genuine' Medici; the man _ is 1 lean, haggard imd; asoetio- looking, wearing a face as' the faoe of.Don Quixote. Tiieoe two have oome .to an understanding — the Woman haviDg at last yielded to her com pariiori'B eriergetio romonatrandesl Catherine de Modioi and ' the Duke of . ,A.lva bave ,dedded:'onj the , ' deatru'etiori 'of' 'tlie Huguenots ; not iy'et ' for 'a ; little .while till the suspicions; of ^watohful.,t Jearirie d'Albret are quieted for ever, and '' my plump. Madge' .shall catoh them . all-H-her .charms proyirig, very lime-twigs ? : to ;the ; aoouraed bereiiosl arid, her gentle voiceiasAe whistle ,of .the fowler. 1 1 , , | ; r ' l Plump Madge' deolarea herself pot averse , to the 'Portuguese marriage' scheme, jwhichi Giuso1 and, Philip! the , Second, ; contrive ?: to 'strangle Ijbtwe'en - themj but' secretly plots to', sebure her.' alliance with-tbo Lorraino prince, till'the, news gf hisj wedding with' the'PrinoeSa Poroian. awakea...hbr from her dream'of lo'fe' land ambition. ; Her faUH,a^ire'a'dy,decided;by' ? the etern mother,- whb .play^j^.cblidreri like, pawna- on ^'ohesa-b'oa^-Ysp,! lpng\ 'as , .they : 'permit her,'' She had an^esusy reigii over poor, gentle iFransbis; but Bulleh. Tyayward Charley is mo ia difBoult to! deal with. ?,'J?heigrim:plot;-, arranged to.'She sound of fife and ttybor on thij -' iaiand in the Adour, is not to beicotciMuhioBted to, hilfct on- anyjabdount till. itr-ia:!ripe';for'i exaftponi . .;Mean[wh'ile, ','thi (|d^-nij-pioCber 1 urges 'him' to atrerigthen' hia ovii). ' hands iin'ar^Hife.JMadgb i to. 'the^ypun(j.';^irig of 1 Navarre-^Mjp bou of, , JparinpVd.' Ajltjret and^ ' Antoine, do- Bourbpn— a- ptiqce.'i^ltlh', 'iljjpre, . nose than kingd9m,'' ,tbe. fanious^wstovoC 'long lines of kings.- ? His: «ha»tie:! of} :'thl» Frenoh crown looks remote eaeugh juaj^'piw, for between him and it stand three brothers of tho Yaloig — Charles, Henry, and Fratijois, Duod' Alenjon— but strong- minded Catherine hnB one weak point ; she, ia superstitious to a fabulouti degroe, and is Borely troubled by the horoscope of Navafrese j Henry, which .de-'. clares that he will 'roign in Franco.' . Superstition and worldly wisdom are both served, by scouring .the ffox-faced Huguenot1 as tho husband of Madge. ' ; Charles is not 'sorry to acquire an ally bf his own. Between his moth or and the Guises — his too- powerful relatives — and his rebellious CalviniBtio subject, Bhe is often lashed into Qts of ungovernable fury, and bitterly bewails that rio human being loves or' cares for him,' ? save only, gentle Mario Touchet. As is his wont,, thia, wild hunter of beasts aud men, once seized with a; project, pursueB it to the end with savage vehemence. But there are obstacles to be overcome — obstacles even to the furious .will of tho Most Christian King. The Pope, still ocoupy ing the centre of the. European Tapestry, ia horror-struck at the proposal to wed a Catholio ' princess to a heretio leador, and the consent of the Popo must be 'gained, for Henry . and, Marguerite are, in a . faBhion, couBina, and unHoubtedly within the . limits forbidden by the Church. The Pope refuses a dispensation, and, mqreover, sends his. cardinal nephew to dissuade tho king from his .monstrous project. :But another coun sellor haB the, ear of , Charles — one ? singularly out of place in the giddy 'court of Catherine — a, grave, sad-visaged gentleman, the famous ' Admiral' Colliguyl who is quite won over .by: the arts of the Italian, and is anxious to .pacify France , by marrying the 'fox of BtSirn' to, ' plump Madge' as quickly as possible. A valiant and, skilful soldier this admiral, but over simple-hearted and truthful to contend, in political intrigue with the pro-' feBsed students of the Florentine. Carried away by the. real Bincority of the- king, and the pretended heartiness of the Due d'Anjou and the queen-mother; the brave old warrior persuades- Jeanne d'Albret to join 'the 'court at , .Blois— gay, brilliant ;Blpis — the summer palace of Frangois I., witb its great exterior Btaircase and aueient hall of the estates. Blois IB especially joyful just now, glancing . toquettishly down on the Bmilirig Loire. ; Its : quaint .streets and lofty , harrow, Btaircases are , swept by the ' vertugadins' of merry dames and damsels — for it is the humour of the strange Italian that all should be bright and mirthful around her, as: if to intensify the the darkness within. While forming ? the ? centre of her bright bevy of dames and their circumambient gallauta, Catherine; loves, a joke, and is no bad hand at quip and crank, merry conceit, and highly-seasoned repartee. :But when the fete is over, Bhe turnB from the gorgeous figures which wave to and; fro on the arras, and bending her steps towards a remote part'of the ancient castle, after climb ing many stairs, reaohes the lonely turret projecting over the church of St. Nicholas. It is the observatory employed, not with any Boientific purpose, but purely aB an instru ment for interrogating the obstinate starB which' persist that Henry of Navarre will ' reign in France.' The Queen of Navarre, who, reluctantly enough, has come to this giddy court at the entreaty bf - the admiral, ia grievously shocked at all that Bhe sees and hears, for the language of , the court dames and gallantB is happily new to the Puritan Jeanne. , Billingsgate and , St. Giles's are names that' convey but a faint ideaof;the ' ' jbyouB remarks' aud the ' pleasant sayings' 'current at B1o:b'' in 1 thio bright springtide of 1807\. Feted and caressed by the king and' hia mother, wary, Jeanne 'yet fears to .bring her son to a place horrifying to every senti ment of decency. More | difficulties ariBe. Catherine wishes the wedding to take, place at Paris- according to the Catholio ? rite. Jeanne objects to the mass, and inaists on the ceremony being performed in some city less, inimical to the Huguenots., Pending this debate Pope -Pius V. dies, and is succeeded by Gregory XIII., - who displays more flexibility than his (predecessor, : but. yet hesitates, till Charles loses all patience, and tells the Queen of Navarre one day, ' My I aunt, I honour you more than the 'Pope, and love' my Bister more than I fear him. I ami not a Huguenot, but I am not an ubb. If the Pope playB the fool too. long I will take . Madge by -the hand myself, and Bee her married'' in full conventicle.' JuBt as the marriage contract is 'sighed the Queen of Navarre idiea— some say of pleurisy,' others, of poison— but nothing is now allowed tp iriipede the ceremony. . , ? The . scene changes to old Paria — not the Paria of St'. LouiB, nor that in which luckless English Henry - waB crowned ' despite. 'bf fo'ea,' 'but 'the Paris of t&e; .ruthless Renais sance. 'The' castellated ^dwellings - of - the Middle 'Ages have developed j into the hotels: bf great seigneurs— fortified more or less, and crammed with gentlemen armed to the teeth, A strange (mixture of splendour and squalor' this 'good, oity; of Paris., Tall gabled houses nod towards each' bther oyer, narrow, streets ankle-deep in filth, ' with no ;approaoh of 'drainage -'Baive ? an: open ; gutter. . ' Gloomy pasBages. arid 'dreary alleys Blink' from the light of heaven. .Thieves abound, though what' they find to steal is a mystery, as after dark. no honest' citizen; ventures abroad, lest he should.be waylaid and plundered by the professional robber , or . killed, out of 'pure' joyousness of heart, by the' gay gallants in search of adventures. The gallant is as unlike , the person depicted by writers of romances, and operas as' can well be imagined. He is splendid, but , by no means' clean, for the silken ' hose which, adorn his nether limbs have previously been worn for a week or two , by his inamorata, :that they may comfort him, the more, and awake' his mind to deeds of chivalry. He by no means ' flings his cloak around him and issues forth armed only with his trusty rapier. Not he. The gallant on the way to a rendezvous is ,in his fashion a prudent man. Beneath his doublet of satin, slashed with the colours 'of the lady of his heart, lurks, for the 'better preservation of that, organ, a. finely worked shirt of mail. His rapier, of portentous length, is supple mented by a long, left-handed dagger. Before him walk pages with flambeaux; and a stout 'man-at-arms, pike or arquebuse in hand. Behind and with him come two. or three, or, if he,be a great man,'a dozen trusty friends to see him through his adventure. These chivalrous times, are curiously practical when seen in- contemporaneous tapestry.' That ' terrible seeker of amorous adventures,' ' the young King, of Navarre, never stirs out of his 'room-to perambulate the long corridors of the Louvre; 'where he is as yet only a guest, with-' out aijitman; for the way is short^from the boudoir to the grave. The thing known 'as fair play is not yet invented, and man smites where he can take him, at a disadvantage. The atmoaphere' of Paris iis .' heavy -wiih rumours.;' '?There'.ia 'talk in council aud ruelle, and strange conferences are held'between mighty chidfa of the faction of 'the 'Guises and tho;'provosts, of the great guilds,':bf the^'gobd' city of Paris'. ' .Apart, Sobf ! froci' ' these,' 'the ! Hugupnqta ' shiver in their for.tifibd' hotels, for there is a aoerit'of blpbd'in the air, anii'the chiefa unvanquiehed in the field talk strangely of being, led into a linouaetrap. , ? ; And yet these, wary warriors ?have come hither on an occaaiori 'more fitting for silken favours . than jbuff jerkins.1 , They are bid(ien''tO;a wedding banquet.' : , ' Jlpnry.of Navarre, still ,in mourning,' has ,arr)vpd iniParia.'iri the 'eirly days of August; rat the 'head ,of a gallant' train of eight iiundred| | ?gentlemen,! the flower ! of the Hugueriot, nobility; ii On; tho seventee'uth 'of the month' ihe'babrPthHl txkea place at the Jjoilvre. - On the following day the marriage i- celebrated with 'maimed rites' by the Cardinal de Bourbon. A strange scene. Not wilbin the sacred fane, but outside the Cathedral of Notre Dumo, a huge structure has been ereoted of wood, carved and hung with clo-li of gold. Henry of Navarre — his mother two months dead — lays aside his mourning, and nppear's with his eight hundred gentlemen in 1 bravo attire of velvet, satin, and cloth of gold, ^strangely pinched and slashed in the latest modfi. Marguerite herself — splendid, and conscious of her splendour — ' dressed in royal robos, with a crown and bodice of ermine, glittering with; the jewels of the regalia, aud the royal mantle of blue, with four ells of train, carried by three princesses.' Plump .Madge, looking very handsome and triumphant, to be made a wife and a queen at last— -albeit to a huBband whose neighbour hood is unsavoury to those of delicate nostrils — people shouting and crowding to suffocation, while the bride hears mass, and her husband waits outside. Then come fetes and dunces, jousts and junketings, masques aud merry-riiukings, the bells of PatiB ring ing out a merry peal — prophetic enough to some sharp ears of the tocsin of St. Germain l'Auxerrois. _ Captain BloBset — a Burgundian Huguenot, distinguished by his valiant defence of Vezelay against the -Catholic army — calls one morning on tho admiral, nnd neks permission to go home. 'Why,' asks Coligny, 'why are you in such haste ?' 'Because they mean no good to us in this place.' ' What 1' shouts the admiral, ' do not you believe -ve huve a good king ??' 'Too good I Too good, to us by far! That is why I want to go away; and, if you would do aB I do, M. l'Amiral, you would do good to yourself and to the cause.' It is impossible to keep the sharp Bur gundiani who takes to horse and away. Hardly is he clear of Paris, than Maurevert'e pistol-ahot reaches the doomed admiral. Angry remonstrances and many threats are made by the Huguenots, and, at list, the king is told that he has no Option, that his enemies are delivered into his hands, and that he may not let them go. This is a fear ful time for a bride in the first week of her honeymoon. Everyone whisperirig, none telling her anything. Suspicious Huguenots avoiding-her because she is Catholic. Catho lics keeping their lipa close, because she has married a . Huguenot. Left to herself, Bhe creeps into the ceremony of the '- coucher' of the queen-mother, and feeling very lonely ana wreicnea, Bits down upon a cotter beside her sister Claude, Duchess of Lor raine, also very, very aad. The two young women Bit, hand in hand, Bilently and wretchedly enough, in the great dimly lighted room, hung with tapestry depict ing the martyrdoms of saints. At laBt the queen-mother perceiveB Madge sitting sorrow fully with her sister, and commands her to go to bed. As she makes her curtsy, her Bister Claude seizes her by the arm, and, weeping bitterly, cries, ' Oh, God 1 my Bister, do not gol' Madge is more frightened still, till Catherine flies into a passion* and forbids Claude to tell her anything. The DuchesB of Lorraine then flies out and declares that her sister Bhall not be sent to the sacrifice ; that the Huguenots will revenge themselves upon her. Nevertheless, ? the old. queen is firm. The absence of Madge would give rise to suspicions. Her place ia with her husband. Driven from her 'mother's presence, she seeks her husband, whom she finds already in bed, surrouuded'by thirty or forty zealots of his party, talking loudly of the attempt to asBassinate the admiral, .and resolving, the next morning— aliis I for them, 'that, next morning — to demahd of the king that justice shall be done on the Guises, as otherwise they will ' take the law in their own hands.' Thus passes a night sleepless and of utter misery, the words of her sister Claude ringing ever in Marguerite's ears. As day breaks, her husband riees to go and play tennis till King Charles is awake, the weary -woman tells her nurse to close the door, and sinks into a feverish sleep. The awaking is frightful , enough. There is loud knooking .at the door and cries of ' Navarre I Navarre 1' The nurse, thinking it muBt be the King Henry, opens the dour, when in rushes a man streaming with blood, with arm and shoulder cut and slashed, and clings to toe young queen — as frightened as he. Four archers pursue thiB M; de L6ran into the very nuptual chamber, and are only restrained from killing their nian by M. de Nancay, captain of the guard, and a right merry, jovial gentleman, who laughs heartily at the comical picture of tbe wounded man holding fast to 'plump Madge,' and his four bloodhounds eager to tear him down. .These worthieB got rid of, jolly M. de Nancay remains with Marguerite, and 'while Bhe changes her dress, being all covered with blood,' tells her all; about the merry jest in aotion this fine August morning. First he grants her the life, of M. de Ltirari, whom ahe atowB away in tbe dressing- room' till his wounds are healed, and' then quiets her fears concerning her husband, assuring her that he is safe enough with the kingin hiB cabi net, where, by the way, is also f,he Prince de Coin! {5 — the king offering the choice of ' masi, death, ,or. Bastille.' Covering Marguerite's shoulders ' with a ? mautle, pleasant M. de Nancay tells her not. to be alarmed, that they are only, killing all the Huguenots except her husband, and, conducts her to the chamber of her Bister iCiaude, where she arrives''more dead ' thari alive.' Just as she steps into the ante-.;, -! chamber, she sees another;gentleman pursuedV , by,, the archers, and struck. with a halberd .within three paces of her, royal person. . Without, make themselves heard the rattle of arquebuBadea, ' the olash . ? of words, the triumphant yell of the' white-scarved crusa ders,- and, now and then, the defiant roar of a knot of old soldiers who, despite ohains aud barriers, pike and gun, cut through their enemies and get olear off, while above all tolls the great belt of the church of the; Auxerrois. Auother fold of tho tapestry shows us Marguerite and the 'kinglet' her husband, prisoners rather than rulers, as ornament to the court pf Charles and his successor, .Henry -quickly returning from Poland at the news of his brother's death. : There aro, schemes to efleot the escape of tho 'fox of Beam,' but they are long unsuccessful, costing also: the liyeB of jCocoririas^ arid' Li, Mole — regarded, perhaps, with too kindly ari eye by Marguerite. Then- comes the famous -hunting-party at Senlis aud the escape of the husband, Marque ? rite being still at the. court of Henry III. — out of favour, too, with husband 1 and kingly ' brother^ arid plotting with the Dub d'AIencon, 1 , her younger brother — but yet the! ornament ' of aobiety in the ; best period of the Renais sance. A period of. charming coatume and of culture excessively elegant, when ' compared with, all' that .preceded it.: Yet, with ail this beauty .'arid elegance, the ago! is . full', of savagery. ? The famous duel of the migntius' will bear -witness to this. It, , is true tbeir hair is frizzed, the beard plucked froth their soft chins, their ears 'pierced .'and jewelled, arid their ruffs' ao' vast that the head of a. mignon resembles that1 of Bt. John the Baptist on a charger but they are always ready with the . steel, and dip violent deaths almost to a man. So docs their tauter, who, with all ; his vice and effeminacy, his look of ineffable weariness and scorn, his masks lined with almond paste, to.pres,erve his complexion, hia love of female attire— ' black satin slushed with white, puffed arid piuohed, luoad and frilled1 '—his hair dreaied in two arohea, \ la Marie Stuart, his blackened eyebrows and foee ? painted, is yet brave as a lien, as, the red' fields of Jarnac and Moncontour can testify. Tho Queen of Navarre is, for the time being, ereatly smitten by the apiendid figure of LouiB do Clermont, better known aa Bussy d'Amboise — the favourite of her - yeunger brother — one of the , ablest captains, and certainly the greatest swash-buckler,: of Ilia time. : All the time he can apare from love making he devotes to quarrelling and fight ing. Tho king's ' mignona ' are the par ticular object of hia attack. He mikses no opportunity of insultfng them both by word and deed. He loves to dreea hia own lackeya as richly as the king's favourites, and to go himself in attire of the severest simplicity. Marguerite's too susceptible heart is occupied by this paladin, who wears her colours — to wit, green and gold, white and violet — openly. Bussy comes to court from' the wars covered with glory, meets Marguerite on her return from a journey to Spa, and delights the heart of that princess, whose undisguised admiration of him is a fertile subject for thoBe BarcaBtic young gentlemen — Qu61us, Saint-Luc, Livarot, Manglroo, and.' Saint Megrin. To do Bussy justice, he is abundantly provided with wit— not of the delicate, high dried kind, but rough and full-flavoured, ? strong military wit, as it we're. Two or three attemptB are made to assassinate him, but in vain. Impunity makes his tongne wag all the faster. Handsome, curly-haired Qu&lus; — daintiest and bravest of the ' mignons ' — is his especial butt, never spared either before the throne or the altar. At last things come to such a pass that the king, insisting on a formal treaty of peace, compels the two enemieB to embrace in his presence, but only provokes from Bu8sy one of hia odd strokes of buffoonery. Nevertheless, the quarrel .is patched up for a while,' Bussy, and other friends of the king's brother, leadirig.a?joyou3 life with the royal mignons; whose liife is one perpetual feast — merry, indeed, as it need be, for fate has decreed that it shall' be short enough. ? The court ia on .thebest terms with the great citizens of Paris, who give entertain ments three or four times weekly. Lent is given up to these amusementB, which prove too much for a worthy churchman — the Cardinal de Guise,, better known as the ' Bottle Cardinal-' — a fine specimen of gour mand and gourmet, 'who meddled with no other matters than thoBe of the cellar and the kitchen, which he understood very well — far better than those of church and state.' A few more 'bright threads in -Marguerite's web of life, and then all ia dark 'in 'h'tie and coarse in fibre. The king has deterriiined to establish, or rather, to revive, the Order of the Holy Ghost — to found an order of knighthood in honour of his sister. This Order of the Holy GhoBt, new. to France, dates from the year 135'J, when it was founded at Naples by Louis d'Anjou, King of Jeru salem, a descendent of the brother of St. Louis, whoBe statutes are extant, nnd came into the possession of Henry at Venice — a gift of the Serene Eepublic to the King of ' Poland. It is the first day of the new year, 1579, and the ceremony of inauguration is celebrated with great pomp in the church of the Auguatines, magnificently decorated for ihe occasion. The chevaliers and knights-commanders are gorgeouB to look upon. They are clothed in a barret cap of black velvet, pourpoint, and trunks of cloth of silver, shoeB and scab bard of white velvet, a great mantle of black velvet, embroidered round with fleurB-de-lya in gold, with tongues of flame inteririingled, and the king'B cypher in silver thread, the lining .of orange satin. Over this inantle, instead of a hood, they -wear a mantelet of cloth of gold, also enriched with fleursde lys, tongues of flame, and cyphers like the great mantle. The collar of the 'order is formed of the king's and Marguerite's cyphers, :nterlaced with fleurs-de-lys and fiery tongues. From thiB hangs a cross of gold, of marvellous work in gold and enamel, in the middle of ivbich is a white dove— the emblem, of the Soly Ghost. A great grief now oppresses' Marguerite. The career of BuBBy cornea to ari end. Fight ing appears to agree with him, but letter writing brings him to grief. In a moment of confidence he writes a letter to the' duke, liis master, telling him that he is in pursuit af the ' doe of the king's grand huntsman.' Ihe duke— false and fiokle ever, and just now rery weary of his too active partisan— shows the letter to the king, his brother, ,who letesting Bussy, readB it aloud to the grand tiuntBman himself— Charles' de: Chambre, Count of Montsoreau. This gentleman hies liim to his castle of Montsoreau, ? near ? to Saumur, and compelB ;:his unhappy countess to write a letter, to ' Bussy, inviting him to visit „her, there. Arriving , at midnight, he is assailed by ; MontBoreau and a dozen bravoes, 'and after a desperate combat, fought out as long as a bit . of his sword remainB in'the hilt, he is . finally slain, after killing several of his asBailanta.. , Marguerite, incousolable'for a while, rejoins her huBband at his little court at NCrac,- and, allowed to act aa Bhe pleaaes,' 14 Mthp most Domplaisant wife in the world. But-,' as Houry of Navarre developes irito Henry 'of ,Frarice, he determines to divorce , '. plump'Madgei'' now more thau plump— with great ! fat 'cheeks, Bnormous shoulders, and goggle eyes set in a bald pate, crowned with a golden wig, shorn from the skulls of a 'score of blondelackeys.' No longer resplendent at the great 'court of Paris, or the little one of Navarre, .she' keeps state, .sorely straitened for cash at times, at the , Castle of Usson. . Years;; luxurious and inglorious, pass by, and again, th'e laat' of her race descends , upon . Paris'; rio longer 'a wife, but divorced, and taking it in such good part, that she is present at the, coronation'of her successor— Mario de'Medioi. : Eighteen years have improved 'neither the looks-'rior the morals of tho ex-queen, who lives in great splendour at her palace in the Rue de, Seine. But she is true to her deetiny,' and^bringa death to the favourites of her old'a'ge,* aa to the lovers of her, youth.' Bewigged aud bepainted, the old woman Uvea oat an .exiat encedivided between devotion and diasipation., She outlives all — parents,, brothers, husband ' and lovers — and dies ' greatly regretted as a princess, full of goodneaa and good intentions, who only did harm to herself. Saint Denis claims her body, but her heart — still at last — is deposited at the Convent of' the 'Sacred Heart, of whioh she was founder. Thus, in the year 1616, fades out this notable figure of the last daughter of a royal house — -famous and infamous aa that of Pelops. : 