THE PHILADELPHIA. EXHIBITION. The following extracts are from letters re ceived from Mr. S. Davenport by late mails:-. WKHV1L IN SOUTH AUSTRALIAN WHEAT. Professor Archer recommended steeping the wheat in kerosine for two minutes and then drying it, but no kerosine is allowed on the grounds, and it is not easy, except at much cost, to work off the grounds. Professor Baird, of the Smithsonian, recommended Persian insect powder, and I am using that as well as the camphor. Mr. Landreft, Chairman of their Agricultural Board, and a large seed grower, said,We kill weevil in our peas by camphor, a handful to the bushel, in an hermetically sealed case." Professor Le Conte said-"The insect is the * Calandra oryzae' widely diffused. In my experience it destroys insects in ^ Museum collections. I have found a mixture of benzoine (half an ounce) with a pint of carbolic acid produce a vapour, which destroys insects m . a very short time. I pour this mixture on a | sponge, and place that with the grain in a light | tin case, and in half an hour it- will have ] \--destroyed the beetles, but not their ova, so -when these are hatched you must repeat the dose." Well, I have this process in reserve in case of need, and I record the opinion here, as it may interest you or lead to some better plan being made known. "SOUTH AUSTRALIA., ITS HISTORY AND RE SOURCES"-PRESENTATION OF COPT TO MR. GOSHORN. Since I last wrote you I have compiled a catalogue for the British Commission Report, to be laid before Parliament, with a few com ments on the colony; also, have given a state ment to Mr. Goshorn (Director- General) at his request for information he may embody in a general review of the Centennial Exhibition proposed to be published from liis office. In acknowledgment he says :-" I return you my thanks for the very valuable document which you have furnished me for the permanent statistics of the Exhibition, and I take pleasure in advising you of the great pleasure and valu able information I have received in reading the work oil South Australia which your Commis sion has so kindly furnished me." In conversation lately with Mr. Goshorn he said.-"Few things about the Centennial Exhibi tion have afforded us so much satisfaction as the handsome way in which the Australian Colonies have taken a part in it." This may be a coloured view of the matter-the general expression of opinion made on the spur of the moment-but as I have before said, there is no question but that the general display of material wealth and illustration of settled civilized life, both of kind and extent, have drawn from the American minds and hearts feelings of admiration and surprise. We have opened out to them the existence of a new world of their own Anglo Saxon race, in which world they see the natural resources for great wealth, SYDNEY EXHIBITION, 1877 I enclose you a handbill re Sydney Exhibi tion, April, 1S77, to which some Americans, Canadians, and some of their manufactures will go. "Whether some may be induced to go further than Sydney remains to be seen. I advise all I meet to face the customers they desire by going to them, and that once at Sydney the advance to Melbourne or Adelaide is a small matter. But I want to know as far as I can what will be the nature of the goods sent thus to Australia ere I decide what to buy for Adelaide. NARROW-GAUGE ENGINES, ETC. To-day (October 2) I post to Mr. Mais direct plans of narrow-gauge engines and carriages, &e.;, and I hope to gather other information on construction and working promised me. Sydney is likely to purchase railway rolling-stock, and Mr. fi. W Cameron writes me he has instruc tions to send 1,000 emigrants to Sydney, the Government nominating him as emigration agent. He expects to get them at cost to Sydney of £10 per head. BOOK PACKAGE, ETC., PER HEiSE. By the Hebe, to sail from New York in a few days for Adelaide, I send a little waterer as a small present from myself to the Botanic Gardens, as I think it will please Dr. Schom burgk, though a small thing. Its cost you will see and the inventor's address if any of your friends admire it and wish to import. The Hebe is freighted by R. W. Cameron & Co., New York. .1 also ship by her a box of publications collected for the Commissioners, except that they include, as the list will indicate, some pub lications for the Hon. the Chief Secretary, referring to the municipal organizations of large cities. These the Chief Secretary asked for by previous mail. I have further subscribed for one year and ordered to be posted to you the following apparently useful publications: The Santa Barbara Weekly Press and the Albany (N.Y. State) Country Gentleman, the Resources of California, monthly (samples of which are in the Hebe case), and the Chicago Prairie Farmei\ These are all, I think, worth a trial, as keeping lis aufait on American agriculture, and pub lishing much information of a useful nature in Adelaide. DRIED MEATS. To-day 1 tasted some mutton and beef which on August 9 last were dried by evaporation in one of the drying Srait and vegetable machines. I propose buying you specimens. Both these meats, which I have kept in double canvas bags all the time, were in excellent order. Their drying took seven hours. RAINFALL STATISTICS. Mr. Scupham, Engineer, C.P. Railway of .California, promised me to send to Mr. Todd, whom I thought they would interest, statistical reports on the rainfall of Central Pacific Rail way Line. CATTLE SHOW. The Cattle Show has been held here. It was relatively much better than the Horse Show. The classes were Durhams, Herefords, Devons, Alderneys, Galloways, and some Dutch. The' Canada Durhams and the United States Alder neys I thought far the best. The Herefords were mostly small, and so were the Devons On the whole the Durhams, though well-pointed and square well-framed animals, were mostly too large-booed to please me. I send you a catalogue in book box. At the end you will see the scale of points for Judges. They take also the live weights of fat beasts. The three heaviest bullocks were Durhams, and weighed respectively 2,862 lbs. (seven years old) 2 910 lbs (six years old), and 3,114 lbs. (seven ykrs old). The fat Galloway cow weighed 1,900 lbs. The Sheep Show being on the 10th instant I hope then to see some of the New "EWlgr.ri Merinos, which claim to have in them pure Spanish blood of the old original. ANNIVERSARY OF THE PENNSYLVANIA!* CONSTITUTION. Oil October 28 great efforts were made to awell the attendance at the Centennial Exhibi tion. It was a public holiday, and there were fireworks on the grounds in the evening, Two hundred and fifty-seven thousand persons at tended. At present the Exhibition each day is crowded, and a general sentiment is nursed on the success in every way of the undertaking. By the Brindisi mail I hope to announce the complete award list. j FRUIT. j A great show of fruit has been held here, but! Scuth Australia need not blush for hers. AWARDS. In letter dated October 13 Mr. Davenport says :-The award list is not yet completed. It is acknowledged that 60me oversights have occurred with the Jurors, and a Committee for investigating these has been constituted. I have written the Director in detail on such as I feel sure have happened in our case, and he replies, ."I have referred your communication to the Committee of Appeals." As it is, our awards number 40. I hope we shall muster 10 others, ?so our proportion to exhibitors should stand out creditably. BAGOT's EXTRACT OF MEAT. Excellency tlie Councillor of State for Jttissia, Bielsky, sends a 12-lb. case of Bagot's extract to St. Petersburg. I have given him full particulars, and explained that an unlimited supply from the best of meat can be procured. SHEEP SHOW. At the Sheep Show are splendid Spanish Merinos, English Cotswolds, South and Oxford Downs, Lincolns and Leicesters. I thinl- we shall get some Merinos to Sydney for April, and thence to Adelaide. Many important machines will also go there, where our people may see them, and as I hope receive them for subsequent examination. Among these is a clam-dredger of great service. Sir. West-Erskine left for Eng land yesterday; Sir Redmond Barry last week. On October 31 Mr. Davenport again writes: STREETCARS. He Street Oars.-I post Mr. E. W. Wright the best publication," Gillmore on Streets, Roads, and Pavements." In letters enclosed to-day to the Commissioner of Public Works Mr. Wright will see that street rails are not necessarily bedded up with paving stones, hut Macadam will do. APPROACHING CLOSE OF THE EXHIBITION. As the closing day of the Exhibition approaches we are troubled with inter ruptions; but each day's work tells some thing. Oar desire to secure machinery or models is working out nicely. All praise is due to the efforts of the Sydney Commission to secure an outcrop of this Exhibition for Aus tralia in April. Canada and New York ship ments will embrace many useful things. I would send you lists if procurable, but of these following are promised, as I personally know: The millionaire car-axle-an alleged important invention. Ramsey's car-truck shifting apparatus. . Model of clam-dredge used about all these harbour excavations. The Wharton patent safety railway switch. Gasburner for heating locomotive tires. Mowers and reapers. I Thrashers. Grain and maize crushers, I A Baldwin locomotive. Railway cars, &c.; Watching the list thus possibly to come under the eye of Australians in their own country (or perhaps Adelaide may arrange with Sydney for their Exhibition at Adelaide after the Sydney Show), and waiting to have the opinion of Jurors on machinery, I have delayed buying what our spare funds may permit till these last days. Of things already selected for Adelaide I name the following- decision on others is pending further enquiry--namely: Of ^fruit-drying machines, two kinds-1st, ' The Pacific f 2nd," The Portable." Of stump-extractors, three kinds-1st,"The Pioneer ;" 2nd, " Davis 3rd, " Little Grant." Of hay-presses-Allar's " Hand Power." Of horse-rakes, two kinds-Canadian and American. A hay-loader-very useful, 1 hope. Ploughs, three kinds. Potato-diggers, two kinds. Sowers, two kinds-hand and cart. Cultivators, one on Gang plough principle. A winnower-Dickey's. A honey- erfcractor, A horse-power machine, applicable for wood cutting, cbiaffcutting, &c.; Posthole diggers, two dozen. A cider press, for farmers and small gar deners; and sundry small things, of which more by-and-hy. I shall select ether things ere the closing day, and all our selections will, 1 think, leave New York by ship sailing to Melbourne on- Decem ber 1. I shall get a collection of seeds and some useful garden tools. KB BAGOT'S EXTRACT. Several large chemists have inspected it, and it is well regarded; but they all say the South American Liebigs have got the hold of this market, and even after much advertising they doubt if room could be found for others. I recounted our 40 awards. No final list is yet out. We are sure to have more. Some of thecaskwine at New York is sold. I wrote to London, but our market there is not encouraging. Believe, if all goes well, that Australia mil get the benefit of this Exhibition. The following is the latest letter received from Mr. Davenport: United States Hotel, Nov. 27,1876. Dear Mr. Coates-Your letter of the 11th October, with the drafts of further letter which the ghost of a telegraph from New Zealand had arrested towards completion, reached me on the 23rd, and I thank you for them. My hist to you was dated October 31. Since then I have posted to you newspapers recording the closing of the Exhibition. At that date I thought I scarcely should be in Philadelphia, having cal culated that ten days would see all wound up. Actually, however, the 17 th day does not find all done, nor will this be the last letter I shall write you before leaving America. In this delay I am not alone. Mr. Mackay, of Queensland, is the first and only one off, but as he had sold nothing, and had but to ship his exhibits back to London where they were duly received, neither Customs formalities, nor time taken in distribution of sales, &c.7; were a drag on him. Tasmania is the next to go, and then, I think, I am the nearest ready. Still, I cannot say positively till all the shackles are off. When all the packages for exportation are com plete I will send you the list, and in time ac count for the disposal of every exhibit. Here, 1 may remark, that after deducting samples which have been distributed, as per paper en closed, the wool was sold in bond at a uniform price of 14d. per lb. greasy, and 20d. for the scoured. Statement enclosed. It is not yet delivered, waiting Customs entry, though all papers are complete. Thirty emu eggs were sold at $3 apiece, the balance being reserved as presents in recognition of courtesies received. JEWELLERY. All Steiner's jewellery is disposed of at in voice prices, save one inkstand, £30, which, if not got rid of here, I will take to London, saving duty here, and I hope to sell it there. Wendfs noted inkstand (from the alarm a supposed robbery occasioned) is also sold at invoice price. The Colonial Commissioners wishing to notify their obligation to the British Executive for their free grant of use of furnished rooms at St. George's House, within the Exhibition grounds, as well as the general good feeling and disposition to give all friendly aid and in tercourse to the colonial representatives, are buying Wendfs inkstand for presen tation to Colonel Stanford. I, of course, on behalf of your Committee, take a share in the purchase, which will probably be £10. This re ference to Wendt's jewellery leads me to ex plain that after receipt of your second invoice from Mr. Wendt some months since I could come to no other conclusion than that no robbery had occurred, and that the one case, where nothing but a footboard and some red plush glass edging with broken glass had been found, had in reality never contained anything else, save that the glass when packed was not broken, and therefore that the footboard and gimp belonged to the one inkstand, which I had re ceived in another case all right. Then arose the question, how had I so long thought other wise ? The cause lay in the wording of the packages on the original schedule. There each case-S.A.C. over 37 and S.A.C. over 25-was described as containing collection of jewellery; whereas, in fact, the board and gimp and glass alone could not be termed " collection of jewellery," as I read it. However, " All's well that ends well." SHEEPSKINS DRESSED. Some sold and some reserved for donations. DRESSED SKINS. Have mostly, with all the specimens of natural history supplied by Mr. Waterhouse, gone to the Smithsonian Institution at Wash ington, from whom in return we are to receive natural history specimens illustrative of this continent, the preparation and sending of which will occupy more time than will permit of their going to A.delaide by same vessel as our return exhibits do. I DESIGN FROM SKINS OF NATIVE ANIMALS. j Some sold, some donated, as I shall fully ex plain eventually. CEREALS AND OTHER FARM SEEDS. j What were left from weevil have been distri ; buted in various directions to foreigners and the ! people of the United States. From some I have j seeds in return; from others and numerous ! foreigners and country institutions the occasion ' of their getting samples afforded me much op ; portunity for conversation, and enabled me to j illustrate the sort of country Australia was. Be . it in wheat, or in dried fruits, or wax models, | wool, wine, ores, or photographs in their separate ! or aggregate exhibits, the effect upon the Ameri can mind has been most striking. It is not un common to hear the remark that the Australian j Colonies formed the most interesting part of the ! Exhibition. The force which impressed people with this idea was due to the varied and excel lent indications of material wealth and material comfvrt which they for the first time in their lives saw before them as the products of coun tries they had been accustomed to regard as almost uninhabited, or at least in a .very low state of settlement ,and civiliz^ion; ..To tfiin feeling, too, I have seen added one approach ing admiration and brotherhood, based on surprise, that the Australian Colonies should have; taken so ready and extensive interest in Exhibi- ; tions.and that our illustrative statistics and pro ducts proved us to be worthy members of the great Anglo race, in the qualities assigned to "which the American himself feels proud of possessing a good share. As a sequence there cannot be a doubt that out of this Exhibition commercial relations will spring up in various ways, and ere long many will come and inspect us with whom the thought never had footing before. Xn the general distribution of exhibits I am risking a little blame by a departure from the ' letter of introduction in one or two things. Mr. Keynes's wool goes back to Adelaide in its own showcases, set up well after the damage of " Skerryvore." Mr. Angas's samples of wool, with photographs, in their two frames, and copper and silver hammered specimen also go back, as the before- named direct from New York to Adelaide. But in the following case X am making a detour at least; that is, X am sending them to Iiondon, whence, if wished by their owners, they can be sent direct to Ade laide or otherwise; and the reasons of my thus acting with latitude are as follows:-In common with other Colonial Commissioners I have been asked to send to Ijondon any spare exhibits which may be thought suitable for a proposed Colonial Museum, to be constructed upon a large imperial scale. A few things were in hand suitable for such a purpose, and some of them were left here "fat the disposal of the Commissioners." Of these were Miss Gray's wax models of fruit-very truthful representations and very attractive here as they would be elsewhere, their only fault being too limited in number. An award is given them here. These fruits illustrate our climate, and suggest by their delicious appear- I ance that the country they grow in is a desirable country to dwell in. The grapes, figs, almonds, loquats, oranges, citrons, lemons, with apples, pears, currants, strawberries, and plums, preach directly to the sense of the inspector. They have always attracted crowds here, and induced no end of conversation. I have packed them in their glass case as exhibited here, and they may reappear the same in London. To the same destination is packed in its glass case, ready to open out and be exhibited as here in a few minutes, Warm's cocoons and spun silk. That always here attracted attention that kind of attention which arrests passers-by, and they stop and go out of their way to examine, and are pleased and rendered in quisitive thereby. I have often heard people, after looking at the things, ask " "What country is this ? Oh, this is South Australia." THE EMU EGGS. The emu eggs set up in jewellery, being so perfectly novel to the visitors-" nothing like them anywhere else"-have been useful attrac tions, advertising our colony. THE COORONGITE. The Coorongite in its glass case I send also to London to a class of men who will regard it with much interest. Some have samples here under microscopic examination, and I am to get their reports. THE GOLD QVABTZ. The gold quartz from the Northern Territory I send also to Xxnidon together with the framed set of photos (two in all), illustrative (in the one case) of the telegraph line structure, and in the other of Port Darwin and surroundings; and though Mr. Dutton has probably counter parts of these, yet as they are set classed in neat and good frames, I thought it best not to separate them from the gold quartz of the Northern Territory, of whose riches therein it may prove a small but truthful witness. GOYDEB'S STATISTICS. The five framed Goyder's statistics, too, I have packed for London; for though statistics, like law books, soon are surpassed, yet for a season these will answer, and the frames they axe in will be good enough for many successors. CBABB'S MALACHITE. Crabb's malachite and Mr. Angas's two spotted emu skins and the two glass cases of Mr. Angas's Lincoln ewe and lamb skins I have also packed carefully and sent to London like the foregoing, and it is in these I depart from the strict reading of the instructions. For the credit of the colony on the opening of the Colonial Museum I hope these gentlemen will allow these interesting exhibits to play a part, were it only for a season. Bagofs sample case goes back to Adelaide. The stripper and Captain Hancock and Mr. Sanders's machines also. The 114 clear glass bottles in which our wines have been shown I send you, with the nickel plated frame and walnut board on which the bottles stood. So if you wish we can raise the like at our Agricultural Shows, defining to visitors' eyes the colour of the wines exhibited so little now. Cameron has secured us freight to Adelaide at the moderate rate of 37s. 6d. per ton. I am greatly obliged to him for the books. I enclose you the lists of books, &c.;, contents of cases branded " C. J. Coates, Adelaide." Many of these books, &c.;, are of much value. Many refer to railways, technological institu tions, sewerage, &c.;, &c.;, as you will see. There are also seeds of American indigenous trees for others cultivated here, including the sugar maples of New England, so important and valuable tree there, though perhaps not suited to our climate, unless Mount Gambier or Yankalilla. 'Mr. Landreft, of the Burean of Agriculture, alone sends us 109 packages of culinary vegetable seeds. Mr. Parkinson, Superintendent of United States Coast Survey, has given me in a case ready packed a selection of 100 coast survey charts, which I shall send you. These were accom panied by publications from his department of great interest, and which are in lists now sent you. I have yet another sin to acknowledge in expiation or explanation. As I write you again within a fortnight, I close now with saying that I can then add what additional machinery has been purchased, &c.;, and enclose you bill of lading. X have fixed to leave America by the Ohio steamer from here for Liverpool on December 14, but before going I want to visit the Cornell Agricultural College -the reputed best in the States. 