Mrs. Charles Thorneycroft's Curtain Lectures. [by the Ghost of Caudle.] LECTURE V. CHARLIE, I have just been thinking that we might pay Ned Rodgers that £50 by instalments. He was here yesterday about it. "He told lie* J tnl;o it out in ft billet."- .. .-. . . ...-.?? . ?? .?..?;./? " v."'. ? Dul h.% Charlie? I know nothing: about it, > Perhaps yon r chief.. Jor your parly; lonfcmg wistfully 'vfor, favors to conic," ninj find it their interest to hack yon up, ami get Rodgers a tiillet. His debt, *ti? clear must in some shape, be liquidated. It is thr. c years due. - " VWII, Mrs. T,'l?? r m - y? ; roft, ho never, asked for it l?-fW? r -and jirny don't be nlaniicil abontit".** '' ':?? ? ; " ."'?' ''?' I shouldn't uulceil, Clmrlie, if. lie Vod not nmle application to n ? fi?r it. It lo?>kriMikuas if I were hnroiy for the thr non. member fortlic Southern Terri tory. ? . ?'? ' '"--?' -' " Ko knows yon'ro my wife, ? Mrs. Tlic.riK-ycroft." And Ik- knows also that I have ten pounds a week in my own right; but I gave 31 r. Koiljiers to know that I have no idea of fooliiiK my money uway upon' politicnl aiiTcnturerrf. Tile "?".inn** ami tlic " outs," might I-β a comedy to some spi-cul;it?.r=, and v travody to other* ; lint hniiest people, -who : moan to pay twj-iily Rliiilinjjs'in iho pound.', ct.n't nfford to play " lwtC~. ttnd loose" with (?ropte wlin have.ivmliinfj to lose. 2ScU Unitgetn', liowfS'vvf, lrnt you tho money U? ji;iy expenses, cf your election, mid. l.as f very right toi he paid. How tlid 5011 stipulate t " I iiiailo no stipulation, Mrs. Tliornvyvroftr ,- Uγ daw that X Mas hard ap, and banded mo his ohitjne, 'saying:, ' Si-tiie gay or.otlier/Clinrlie, you'll be able to' ilo ; as much/ for roc* These, upon my honor, wi re thci very words he used. ; But Nctl t don't think is so hard np." He wants his money. Charlie. Ho tecs you're a rery inactive yennfj' man, and not lik<-ly to pat your brand very high np on iho temple: of "The Illus trious." " lie can get no money from mc, Mrs. Thomeycroft. I*ll try and get him a billet. . L. I think, wilt oblige mc if he can. Uβ has oMignl himself ?o often, and that tn my knowledge, that lie cannot very honciurably refuse me.V ' Honourably, Indeed 1 Oh yes, Char lie ; quite m>, according to his code ?' You scratch iue, and-FH scratch yon," is one of the fundamentals of your creed. By all means, got Ned the billet. Aβ you're, inJthe " Tammany BinjE** too. most ? do os Taininan j* cioes. ! JX>oa£t let tbtt tlxjolopx* know mi t thing j aboet it, ortool ore "done." 10, case J&sifffc-;? fa* jourjrrgbtg W&. hand- ?4*rfl^*-j ", Oneiwaald. :liaTe-; % tlioaKliV, :Mrs. Thoraeycroft, 'that yoo.;,.ha*l .-taken ?? a,- Degree in' the; Tammany. : UtitTfnsfrjv Yotteeesnto be at^li^piitipi,the?; nomenclature ofthe Witft**r- : Wl?y, CharK"-, fiurt tlie fiood Bt?>k : tells us that we.Uv?! in- a: worfd- ifeetbinjf" in Wickedmssi tb* is redoleut. of L; itsrtaccnrseu '''JZrery- "wint ?? giwr Ky Memmotij erery fetagger made byV?acthne, every ogle coyly 'roech eafed by Peyetw, telepltonicalty agitate* the ?Uγ,.', and . niafcee ns. painfully \ con- Bcipns th*t the-' f powers of ?.the unseen ; - hvr?sihle?.: ogejiite'; of Prince of the air"'arc,.ab?it us wlierc ever we'go! ..'.':' Surely, we needn't be -jofunj thaw) ordinarily/perspieacmus, vU>; comprehend ? the cnrricnlmn of the ". Tanimanj.** v '.? r .-%l- don't want,"Mrs.;, ;Tbiomejcroi'ti to. defend tlie practise cfs gi.?nsf. JKltefe 'in'exchange for political serrices. I foood.it. the rule, juml -it- woeW-nothave liecotne a young and ,v joexperippced member to #'Bire£*_anil.to condemn tliie, , iliat, andttic other |>rece dent, whiclifeiiadjKrownwitli tliejgrp.wtli, and .strengthened with Ac strength of political oliliqnityjs'-'Vii "7- y" *\'X'o \- Jefoqi?enti ? ? iny word t You hare carved the-statue of Politioul Deformity to. ?i nicety. But will you promise mc to recoil from it ne. : yon wonld froniany repuleiire deformity? "Do, you mean from gettmgf the billet from Ned?" : 'I do,- Charlie, unless Xcd can go in ! for exniuio&tion; lieforc the Civil Service Committee, and tako his chance upon tucrit. H?s he studied ! "Yes! Hennessy'K Pale Brandy, and Cricket, and Billiards aiid-the Turf, ami what mnn* in thnt line, I cannot tell yoii, Mrs. Tliorneycroft." Well, Charlii-i it's a hanl case that I should pay fifty pounds for nothing : liut butter the money than do an act of dishonour. " Xonsense ! th?? thing ia done every day by miiiistor?, with only one j exception. P. is m> nepotist, mid makes hie appointments oh the priuciplu of the Selection.of the Fittest:" . Tin- most rrdeemnblu feature in that .man,.his knowledge of Constitutional Govt-rnnient notwithstanding. It is no dear to the heart of man to see merit re- j ?warded. Even the savage instinf ively j gives his award to the best warrior, the 1 best swimmer, the licst hunter; and j could never ; understand how Rclling ! whisky by .the. two gallons, or measur ing tape by the yard, could qualify a limn for official employment, for which he possessed- neither natural or acquired abilities. ~ /.-; : ' " Ked, for all thnt, luight be no worse off than the Iris , man who, whsn neked could lie made answer *.. Faiks, n0.;.. b?rt trolh-tis lnyst-lf would be ho time learning.* Ned luigiit learn, or hetter still.pay.a shilling or eighteen-. I>"iicc t<> some pcdagOKPe. out- of eni ployinent, for dinng Uie. " needfur , ; for | him. This. I, am told, is a stereotyped. I way of getting over the difficulty." ? ?! | I am afraid, Charlie, our Christianity is doing us very, little good. Wβ are j depiirting overy. day more and more front the Miiiplti-ity of our forefathers. Learn a lesson Charlie from an eastern I story: A Caliph of Bagdad was visited ; one ' day by a iic-ighhouriDg .Emperor. Wishing to exhibit before his guest tlio varied and splendid contents of his museum, he called for that which lie re garded oe tlio most precious, the most highly valued thing in his dominions. In obt dience to his commands, a very 'ordinary looking person was trotted out before the august visitors. "This, my royal brother, is the man who took onr Persian money tn Delhi, and therewith bought the *>nperb glnsecaso that en- j closes tlie rcmaiu>> of my dear mother, and win. misappropriated not one ducat in thu long journey, thereto- and back I again. May his shadow never be less t" And so Charlie you were afraid of a coalition I What did you see in the elements of these different, but not rival, associations, that made yon' so uneasy! , - ; " j ..;? ?' I knew well that a union between the Selectors and the Sydney, nnionists would ? be ' fatal to the. welfare of the country. They have.nothing ill com mon, Mrs. . - j ' Tlio substratum is' the same, Charlie, talk- tlier - never so wisely. Discontent j is at the bottom of tli"ir troubles. They are tioth- labourers in the National Vine yard : but paid on a different principle, j The ono agrees to take a small portion ! of the- vineyard in exchange, lor his , lalxjur': thfe other will havu.'iiothing'but. money. The one seeks to rear aji inde- l pendent ehed for his children, and to ? that end "plies every faculty and re source of Which he is liiaster. He nar rows the. circle-of his acquaintances: ': Sliun t)u? grog shop : economises ? his tin-ails, and keeps i-ontinnally a'lding to his' - stock', thereby giving the 'rwst security to society,thatJi"- at.leastpliall not waiitonly-'brpatllio lavr, ot violate I those than law itself, wliich. hallow thisfixterconree and friend ship ofcomiunnities. ? " ? ~, "I wish that every Kreo Selector j conld be said to answer your glowing descript ion-; ? Mrs. Thorneyerofti" -The Uiiionist takes his weges, which, ' however large they . mny l>e, he always considers too small ; } and with 'them procce?l?, in the majority of cases I'm j told, to the public house. - In a room { specially devoted to the use (if hiirself and his o> mates, where they sit in close diviii, anJ nnder th? stimuins of aliohol uulitiiiteil, rules and 'rrgnrations' are" framed to control the opt-rntions of trade, limit iha power of taking foreign contracts, and to decree.'lha rate of wages winch shall be paid for.labour: and oil this in defiance of law and honor, in copiempi of the right of otlierx. . ? " I am aware that they once treated Mort most shamefully, keeping, his establishment idle for months on a mere poiut of _changing, hoar of working time ;,-: by. which .tlifey would ' , -~y-H-T-"r ? ?; V; ."????;:?' ;: ; ,v; ?'?'?:'?: ti it loee a. miuute, but by which Hγ. I I Jlort would gain considerably. This U i ,":: (act of which 1 was cc-gwisauit injfrelf. Mrs. ThoruevcrofL." -'But that it-not all, Cliwrae. They j go' Twycujd even Oiat.' anJ i.ompeT the peaceful, aud law-abiding- among them who-woald'faiu live in fear of God, and in cWity with all-meu, to jora their strikes,, and dire the capitalists of the cootntrr'to-do anything but what they dictate Is Lbi* that much vaunted re ciprocity uhtcU i- at the bottom of the " s?.cial"coti tract,'" and uf which Bvnthain and his-eo-thiukers were tojostly proud ? Oris it the tyranny of Russia, that will not quietly and inoffensively sit down within her own prescribed borders, aud enjoy, the comforts which nature aud l?er own industry have provided ; but must—in defiance of reason, of estab lished futernatiooal Right, and of that eternal and common justice of which we find not even the maniac totally de void in his " lucid intervals**——makeher own will the arbiter which is to- decide whether his neighbour, is tp 'be .master of Ins own household, and may control its internal affairs without let or lund ? ranee?- --Better a hundredfold -never to be a capitalist or great, .manufacturer than thus be tied liand and foot within your own domain, and before stirring A foot, to ask every Bradtangh iv your paid service, whether yon should do this thing, And not,do'that; accept Scp-and- So*s terms, or reject them ; and, by no means, although ever so badly wanting them, to employ Tom Martin or Bill Hay op, simply because Tom Martin and Bill Hayci, honest well-meaning men, were noJer ban ?f tho -Union. " What I blame these Unionists most [ for, is their attempt to iutlamo the minds of Free Selectors, and let them into tlie secrets of their pandemonium, Mrs. Xlionicycroft." Perfectly jnst is your condemnation lof tIiOBC men; ami it is to be. ho|>ed J that in his place in the next Parlia ment the honorable member for the . .Southern Territory, will not, like other political worthies, who shall bo name lei's, cat his own word*:, and go over to the enemy. " 1 believe, Mrs. Tliorneycroft, I have shown the-white feather. IMy "yea" i< yea, nntl mjr, " nay" is nay." Yes, that's about the size of it, Charlie. It would cost you too much breath to say nny more. (.To h> Continue*.) 