THE SPLENDID YOUNG MAN. A SERMON",BY THE REV. DU. TALMAGE. " One thing thou lackest."-ST. MARK, 21. f The young man of tho text was a splendid nature. "We fall in love with him at the first glance. Hu was amiable, and frank, and earnest, ami educated, and refined, and respectable, and moral, and yet he was cot ft Christian. And so Christ addresses him ia the words that I have read to you : "One thiner thou ? lockest." T suppose that that text was no moro ap piopfbau to the young mau of whom I have spoken tinto it ii appropriate to the great mulfcitudo ol* people In thia audience to-night. There are many things in which you aro not "Sacking. For instance, you are net lacking in a good home. .Ct is, perhaps, not more than an hour ago that yon closed tho door, returning to seo whether it wau well fastened, of ono of tho best homos in the city. Tho younger children of the house already asleep, the older ones, hearing your returning footsteps, will rush to tho door to meetyou. And wbon tho winter evenings como, and the children aro .'. at the aland with their lessons, the wife is plying the needle, aud you aro reading tho book or the paper, you will feel that you have a good home. "Neither are you lacking, my friends, in tho refinements and court esies of life. Von understand the polite phraseology OÍ invitation, regards, and apology. I hope that you « ' have on your best apparel. I shall wear no better dress at the weddin;,' than when I cometo the mar riage of the King's Sou, If I am well clothed on other ' occasions, I wiii bc ia the house of God. However feckless I may bo about my personal appearance ni ether times, whvn I. como into a consecrated assem blage I ¿»Juill b»vi. on the best dress I have. Wo all liudeii-!:iJ)M ii"' !'i'«>pvieties of everyday life and the . proprir!'.?'<<-.« -'..'.bath lifo. Neither aro you lacking io wet i'll y -nctf^s. You have not made as much mo neyas y ou would like to make, but you have nn in come While others are falso when they say they have \- noineome or areniaking no money, you have never told that falsehood. You have bad a livelihood ov you »ave fallen upon old resources, which is just the same thing, for God is just as good to us when He takes care of us by a surplus of the past as by present suc cess. While, to- night, there are thousands of men with hunger tearing at the throat with the strength of . tiger's paw, not one of you is hungry. Neither are you lacking in pleasant friendships. You have real Rood frîînds. If the 'scarlet fever should come to night to your house, you know very well who would come in and sit up with the sick one; or if death Bhouid ¡come, you know who would come and take your hand tightiu c'-ieirs with that peculiar grip which "?= ' rxeans. " i'll stand by you," and after the life has lied from the loved one. take you bj' the arm aud lead you, into the next roo.r, and while you are gone to Green wood. Ihey would stay in tho house and put aside the « garments and the playthings that might bring to your [\ inind too severely your great loss. Friends? You all luve friend?. Neither are you lacking in your admi ration of tho Christian religion. There is nothing that makes you so mad aa to have a man malign Christ, ïou get red in the face and you say : "Sir, I want you tn understand that though I am not myself a Christian, I don't like .such things said as that in my 6tore,"y;nnd the man goes off, "giving you a parting Balutaw^çigbutyou hardly answer bini. You are pro vckcd'beyorid all bounds. Many of you have been Supporters of religion and have given more to the cause of Chris'; than some who profess His faith. There is nothing that would please you more than to see your son ov daughter standing at the altars of Christ, f aking thc vows of the Christian. It might . be a little hard on you, and might make you nervous and agitated for a little while ; but you would bo toan enough to say : " My child, that is right. Go cn. I an) glad you haven't been kept back by example. I hope some doy to join you." You believe all tho doc trines of religion. * A man ont yonder says : " 1 am a sinner." You respond : "So ami.1'' Some one says : " I believe that Christ enme to save the world." You say: "So do I." Looking at your character, at your surroundings, I find a thousand thing;', about which to congratulate yon ; and yet I must tell you in the love and fear of God, and with reference to my last account : " One thing thou lackest." You need, my friend, in tho first place, the element of happiness. Some day you feel wretched. You do not know what is the matter with you. You say : "I dill not sleep last night. I think that must bo the : reason of ray restlessness;" or, " I havo eaten some thing thal; did not agree with me, and I think that roust bo tho reason. And you are unhappy. O ray friends, happiness docs not depend upon physical condition. I could call upon the aged men in this house to give testimony. There are aged men here who tried the world, aud they tried religion, and they are willing to testify on our side. It waa .not lon«? ago that an aged «Jan arose in a praying circle, and said: "Brethreu, 1 lost my son just as he graduated from college, and it broke my heart ; but I am now glad bc is gone. Me \- is at rest, escaped from all sorrow and from all trouble. And then, în 1S57, I lost till my property, and you seo i am getting a little old, and it is rather hard upon me ; but I tim sure God will not let me suffer. He has not taken care of me foi* seventy-fiveyears now to lot me drop out of His hands." I went into the room of an aged relative not long ago-his eyesight nearly lone, his hearing neatly gone-and what do you sup pose ho was talking about? The goodness of God and the joy3 of religim. He said : "1 would like to go . over and join my wife on the other side of the Hood, and I.am waiting until the Lord calls me. lam happy now. I shall be happy there." What is it that fives that taged mau so much satisfaction and peace? physical exhuberance ! No : it has all gone. Sun shine? He cannot see t'fc. The voices of Mouds ? He cannot hear then. J.fc is Hie grace of God, that is brighter than suushino and that is sweeter than music. If a harpist takes s, ham and finds that all the strings are broken but one string, ho does not try to play upon it. Yet here I will sfimv you an aged man, the strings of whose joy aro ail broken save one, and yet he thrums it willi ¿ucl» satisfaction, such melody, that the angels of God stop tho swift; stroke of their .wings, and hover about tho place until tho music ceases. O religion'3 " ways arc ways of pleasantness, and all her paths are peuce." And if you have not the satisfaction that it ts to bc found in ."jesus Christ, 1 must tell yon, with all thc concentred emphasis of my soul, One thing thou lackest." I remark again, that you lack the element of use tulney. Where ia your business ? You say it is No. Q¿ such a street, or No. 2G0 such a street, or No. 300 filien a street. My friend, immortal, your business is wherever there is a tear to be wiped away or a soul to ne saved. You may before coming to Christ do a great many noble things. Yon take a loaf of bread to that atar ring man in the alley,* lint ho wants immortal i r ïv£u talîe a Pound of candles to that dark shanty. They want the light that springs from the throne of God, and you cannot take it because you Tv¿not tn your own heart. You Imow that the csír i an slrrow depends very rauch on the strength ot the bow, and I have to tell you that the best bow that was ever made, was made out of the Cross of Uirist; and when religion takes a soul and puts in on that, and pulls it back and lets it fly, every time it brings down a Said or Goliath. There are people here to-night of high social position and large means and cultured minds, who, if they would como into the kingdom of God, would see tho city on fire with reli gious awakening. Ü, hear you uot the 1,500,000 voices of those who in these two cities are dying in their sins? They waut light. They want bread, j they want Christ. They want heaven. O, that tho Lord would make you to-night a Huming evangel. As for myself, I have «worn beforo high heaven that 11 will preach this Gospel, as well as I can, in all its fui ness, until every fibre of my body and every faculty of j my mind, and every passion of my soul is exhausted. I ask uo higher honour than that of dying for Him who died for mo. But we ali have a work to do. I cannot do your work, nor can you do my work. God points us out the place where wc aro to serve, and yet are there not people in this house who are thirty, forty, fifty, and sixty years of ago, and yet have not begun the great work for which they were created. With every worldly equipment, " one thing thou lackest." Again, you lack the element of personal safety. Where are those people who associated with you twenty years ago? "Where are-those people that,'fif teen years ago used to cross South Ferry, or fulton Ferry with yon to Now York? Walk down tho street where you were in business fifteen years, .and see how all the signs have- changed. Where are the people gone? How many of them are landed in eternity 1 cannot say, but many, many. A lew days ago 1 went to tho village of ray boyhood. The houses were all changed. 1 passed one house in which once resided a man who had lived an earnest., useful life, and he is in glory now, In the next house a miser lis ed. He de voured widow/ houses, and spent his whole life in try ing to make the world worse and worse. And he ia gone-the good mau and the miser both gone to tho same place. Ah, did they go to the saino place? No, infinito absuidil-y to suppose them both in the same place. H thc miser hada harp, what feme did ho piny on it? U my friends, J commend to you this íeligion as the only personal safety. When you die, where are you going to? When we leave all these scenes, upon what scenes will wc enter ? When we were on shipboard, and we all felt that we must go to the bot tom, was 1 right iu saying to one next me : " I won der if we will reach heaven if we go down to-night?" Was I wise or unwise in asking that question ? I tell you that man is a fool who never thinks of tho great future. If you pay money, yon take a receipt. If you buy land, you record the deed. Why? Because, everything is so uncertain, you want it down in black and white, you say. For a house and lot twenty-five feet front by one huudrcd feet deep, all security ; but for a «oui, vast as eternity, nothing, nothing. If some mau or woman, -standing in some of these aisles should drop down, whore would you,go to? Which is your destiny ? Suppose a man is prepared for the future world, what difference does it ra alco to him whether bo goes to his home to night or goe3 into glory? Only this differénee: If he dies ho is better off. Whore wc had one joy on earth, he will have a million in Heaven. When he has à small sphere herc, bo will have a grand sphere there. Fer haps it would cost you sixty, or ono huudrcd,.'or oue hundred and fifty dollars to have your physical life insured, and yet free of charge, to-night, 1 offer you insurance on your immortal life, payable not at your decease, but now, and to-morrow, and every day, and always. My hope ia Christ is not so bright as many Christians, I know ; but I would not give it up for the whole universe, in one cash payment, if it were olfered rae. It has been so much comfort to me in time of trouble, it has been so much strength to me when the world baa abused me, it has been so much rest to me when I. have been perplexed, and it is around myheartsuchanencasementof satisfaction and blessedness that I can stand here before God and say, Take away my health, take away my life, take every thing, rather than roi.» me of Ibis hope; this plain simple hope which J ha ve in J esus Christ, my Lord. I must have this robe when thc last chill strikes through me. ] must have this light when all other Unfits go out in the blast that comes up from tho cold Jordan. Ï must have this sword with which to fight my way through all the foes on my way heavenward. When T was in Loudon I. saw there the wonderful armour of Henry VI ll and Edward III. And yet I have to toll you th.i t there is nothing in chain mail or brass plato, ot iran» tlet. or halberd that makes a man so safe as the ai it-mr in which the Lord God clothes His dear chi ld re» . O,. there is a safety iu íeligion. You will ride dov. n all your foes. Look out for that mau who has the ?tn ngth of the Lord God with him. In olden turnstile h. rsc men used to ride into battle with lifted laiuvs, ami Mie enemy Heel the field. The Lord on the white- of victory, and with lifted lances of divine ?t.»eu^tli. ri ?i into the battle, and down goes the spiritual fue wh. 'e thc victor shouts thc triumph through thc- Lord J-J-I ?? Christ. As a matter of personal safety, my de.', friends, ycu must have this religion. I apply my subject to several clashes of people bi fore me. First, to that great rnultit'id" <<f V"'ina people in this house to night. Sume of the-e yuin.' men arc in boarding-houses. They have- ina few ¡.il advantages. They* think that no r,ne CM red f--i x'- '.-u souls. Many of them are on »mall salami.-:, «ml il.'-y are cramped and bothered perpetually, and íuuuetu.M»' their heart fails them. Young man, to night, ni your bedroom on the third Ho-.r, you wili hear % lrw,'-kiu¡; It will bethe hand of Jents Cliri.-fc, tl'»? y omi-j tr, m's friend, saying: "O, young mau, let mo coito ni : I will help thee, 1 will comfort thee, I »viii deliver theo. Take thc Bible out of the trunk, i'" it hos bren hidden away. If you have not tho courage to Uy it O:J the shelf or table, take the Bible that was ¿iveu to yu' hy some loved one, take-it cu', of tba trunk »nd l..v >i down on the bottom of lite '. hair, then kneel dow o beside it, and read and pray, and nra y and read, until all your disturbance is gone, and you feel that peace which neither earth nor hell can rob you of. Thy father's God, thy mother's God. waits for thee. O young man. " L'scane for thy life I Escape now! " One thing thou kickest !" But I apply tins subject to th?. agod--not tr.any here -not many in any assemblage. People do not live to get old. That is the general rule. Here and there an aged mau iu the house. I tell yon tho truth You have lived long enough in this world to know that it cannotl satisfy an immortal nature. IJ must talk to you more reverentially than I do to those other people of my own age. We are told to tW<¿ up and do honour to the hoary head and to those who have seen long years; and so I must speak with reverence, while at the same timo I speak with great plainness. Ü father of the weary step, O mother, bent dowu under tho ailments of life, has thy God ever forsaken thee \ Through all these years who has been your best friend 3 Seventy years of mercies I Seventy years of food nm! clothing'! O, how many bright mornings I How ninny glorious evening hours you have seen!' Ü, i . father, mother, God has been very good to you. Do you feel it? Some of you have children and grandchil dren ; the former cheered your young life, the latter twine your gray locks in their tiny fingers. Has all the goodness that God has been making pass before you since long before I was born-has all that good ness produced no chango in your feelings, and must it be ¿aid of you, notwithstanding all this, "One thing . thou lackest." O, if you could only feel the hand of Christ smooth ing tho cares out of wrinkled faces. O, if you could only feel the arm of Christ steadying your tottering steps. I lift my voice loud enough to break through the defence of the ear while I cry out : .*' Ono thing thou lackest." lt was an importunate appeal a young man made in a prayer meeting when he rose up and said : ".Do pray for my old father. Ho is seventy years of age, and he don't love Christ." That father passed a few more steps on in lifo, and then he went down. He never gave any intimation that he had chosen Jesus. It is a very hard tiling for an old man to become a Chris tian. 1 know it is. it is so hard a thing that it cannot bo dono by any human work ; but God Almighty can do it by His omnipotent grace ; He can bring you at the eleventh hour, at half past eleven, at one .minute of twelve Ho can bring you to the peace and tho joya of the glorious Gospel. If you have ever been on the sea yo« bavo been surprised in tho first voyage to find there are so few sails in sight. Sometimes you go along two, three, four, five, six, and seven days, and do not seo a single . sail ; but when a vossel does come in sight, the sea niasses aro lifted to the eye, the vessel is watched, j and if it como very Dear, then tho captain through the trumpet cries loudly across the water, " Whither bound ?" So you and I meet on thia sea of life. Wo como and we go. Some of us have never met before. Somo of na will never meot again. But 1 hail you across tho sea, and with reference to the last great day, and with reference to the two great worlds, I cry across the water, " Whither bound? Whither bound? For the eternal heaven or the eternal hell ?" Will you live with Christ in glory, or he banished away from Him? i know what service that craft was made for. but hast thou thrown overboard tho compass? Is thore no helm to guide it I Is tho ship at tho mercy of the tempest? ls there no tull of distress booming through the storm ? With priceless treasures, with treasures aboard worth more than all the Indies, will thou never come up out of the trough of that sea? O Lord God, lay hold that man I Sou of God, if Thou wert ever needed anywhere, Thoa art needed here. There are so many sins to bo pardoned. There are so many wounds to be healed. There are so many souls to be saved or lost. Help, Je?us 1 Help, Holy Ghost I Help, ministering angels from the throne. Help, all sweet memories of the past. Help, all prayers for our future deliverance. O. that now, in this the accepted time and the day of salvation, you would hear the voice of mercy and live. Taste and see that the Lord is gracious. In tho closing hour of the blessed Sabbath, when everything in tho house is so favourable, when everything is so »till, when God is so loving, and beaven ts so near, drop your «ns and take Jesus. Do not cheat yourself, out of heaven. Do not do that. God forbid that at the bust, when it is too late to correct the mistake, .i voice should rise from the pillow or drop from the throne, uttering just four words-four dismal annihilating words ¡ " ONE THING THOU LACKEST." 