LA BELLE AMERICAINE: A CALIFORNIA!! STORY. [Bs- Richmond Thatcher.] CHAPTEE I.— THE STAB. Some years ago the walls in San Fran cieo were plastered with announcements that 'La Belle Americaine' was engaged at the Republican Theatre, and would ' shortly appear.' From every dead wall and hoarding the fact stared out, printed in all sizes and sorts of type. Portraits of what was intended to represent a handsom and fascinating young lady ornamented each ' oar window. Long sups, large posters or many sheets, printed in all colors of th« rainbow, and small handbills conveyed the intelligence that La Belle Americaine was engaged and would make her deSut shortly. If you opened a paper, a small sheet re minded you of her anticipated appearance, * fact you could scarcely be unaware of if you could read at all, for a whole column was devoted to its reiteration, and a great portion of the news, item column was further occupied in eulogising La Belle Americaine. Boys thrust small folded -j~ slips into the hands of passers-by or pas sengersby the cars, which, wheu opened with the expectation that some very inter esting intelligence would result, conveyed the news of the new actress's engagement at the Republican Theatre. Short startling queries in posters, slips, andadvertisements, such as 'Do you want to be saved?' were answered, u If so, go and see La Belle Americaine.' The Americans are an advertising people, and the entrepreneur who had secured the fair artiste was evidently determined to leave no stone unturned to make the fact of his having speculated known. The name of La Belle Americaine was not unknown in ' 'Frisco.' News had come from New York months before that a young actress had electrified the play-goers of that city. Stray para graphs had found. their way into Pacific papers, .conveying the intelligence that a , Miss Fanny Marshall had made a name — that she had risen as a great star in the theatrical firmament, and was shining with out fear of being eclipsed- Her light was not destined to' wane ; a new drama, . ' La Belle Americaine,' . had been written for her by a popular dramatist, and she created a furore. People who take an overwhelm ing interest in theatrical matters raved about ' the Mardball,' who was henceforth to be Icnown . by the name of the play which had made her famous. The critics for a wonder were unanimous — that is, the great critics. Th.e .Herald, declared , she was ''immense f the Tribune, that she was without her equal as a tragedienne ; the Sun, the Star, Harper—. the dailies aud the weeklies followed suit. The magazines had articles on her beauty — her grace — her . fire — her elocution, ana her knowledge of k stage business. Ties. hatSj bonnets, scarfs, ? — even bowie knives and . revolvers were named after her. The avenues swore by her ; she even interfered with, gigantic financial operations in Wall-street. There were the most : extravagant rumors about lerr— her antecedents — her salary -^ber mode of. life, and her beauty. She was the daughter of a millionaire and a bar loafer ; she got a hundred dollars a night, and was playing for ten dollars a week on trial ; she was a model of chastity, and a very Aspasia. Rumor with its thousand tongues was busy with her name, as it ever is with that of any woman or man who once steps into the glare of the . footlights. Cads winked fearfully, and gave suggestive nods of their empty beads when her name was mentioned, as it they could tell something if they chose. Women hated her — men wished they knew her. She was famous, and Fame on her, as on everybody whom she favors, imposed certain conditions. However, the dwells, the snobs, the petits uudtres, saw tittle of her. Each afternoon she drove in a modest carriage along, the fashionable drive. 'When the curtain rose at the Republican, she was there, or as soon as her part required her presence ; and the curtain .as it descended on her, dying, dead, or triumphant, fell on her effectually, so far 9» her connection with the outer world was concerned. VShe gave nb petit soupers— broke no hearts — favored no suitors— nor -would see any. ? Chawson, of the 'New York Theatre, writing to Crouch, who had engaged ' La Belle' for 'Frisco, said — ?' You will find her a terrific draw. For ?nee the opinion of the Press, which, as you know, is' wrong nine times out of ten^ is correct; she is a *hig; thing on the ice.' She is the best womanl'ever had anything to do with— she leaVes all business to her agent; and in the theatre she is as quiet as a lamb— a pleasant change from all the 'star women ;I -ever had any dealings with, who tick tip eternal rows from the time they are Tip in the hiU/tUl they Ifeave. La Ball* * Americaine you never see or hear, except when she ie about her business'.' There i& only one thing thai she cuts up rough, about. - Don't have , any swell loafers behind, anywhere .hear'; her rooms — they acton ;her likeiti'e 'sight of a red-rag on'a savage bull. I don't know ? anything abuvit' her— where she came from, or Tvhkjt, she. had been doing before she- cqme to me for an engagement and told me sue wis'a good actress. She has a thorou^ knowledge ,of r stage business ~— a mar^efloiis one—- she points outknything, amiss' innthe.'*'-8uges'', togs in 'aTsecpnd-^-Sn^'cati feast. .arpiece byl leading tt'once, and' though' she is?a rperfect' lady,'%he 'Tiiust hav-&: been1 brought, up to the fbiz.'- She: has no friends, 'sp.far as I know,and is' -very' reserved, Jbu't pleasant1 and affable when she has to .speak to' any* one. Though she is leaving, she would run. for another season, but. she seems to want' to have a look at'-'Frisco.!' ' ' '; r : y . . That was about the extent of Mr. Chaw-' son's Jmbwledge of La Belle Americaine— , our readers may krfqw more/ Fanny Heeler or Marshall, or La Belle Americaue, was the daughter of a man named Hesler, 1-y a woman with- whom he cohabited. '.Healer was a drunken, dissolute fellow, who looked [ after 4he .** Mont-? .singing and {dancing ealoon, F^ag-stree^ New York. His para mour was a: -&-*u:use'at the same chaste establishment.' As soon' as Fanny was old enough to be beaten and run errands she was at the beck and call of every employ^ in the Monte'. She certainly began at the very bottom rung of the ladder of Thespian I fame. She fetched the beer and ran mes sages for the members of the disreputable company, and ?was kicked and knocked about by them all. She was reared in vice, and every evening was witness of scenes only to be seen behind the curtains of a low singing and dancing house in the wickedest city in the world. When old enough to appear in veTy juvenile parts, she was sent on as a grubby, dirty, fairy in the burlesques or ex travaganzas and pantomimes. This was her work by night. By day she fetched the spirits to sodden her pareLts, or inflame them till they often fought and quarrelled like the demons they often represented at night, and she came in for her share of the blows and curses, which her amiable progenitors be stowed on one anothei. The Monte* was a veiy low place — unenviably notorious even amongst places of the kind in the city. It was the rendezvous of thieves, prostitutes, and the smallest of small gallants. Fights, gouging matches, and even muTders were of common occurrence at the Monte', both before arid behind the dingy tawdry act drop. This was a nice school for a young girl born and reared in sin. It should properly have rendered the child as vicious — as depraved — as the people she associated with. She should by rights have turned 'out a thief, a depraved abandoned fiend like the rest of xhe scholars who got their experience in the Monte*. But the wickedness and wretched debauchery around her only kept her heart pure, and taught her to loathe sin, and ,the com panions she was forced to associate with. She scorned them and their mode of life ; they could beat and revile her, but they could not bring her to their level. She could, and did, make the most hardened writhe by her scathing sarcasm, her loath ing of them and their villany. She cared not for their blows, and never lost an op portunity to show how she despised them. She loved the business of the Monte', the acting, singing, and dancing. Low and unartistic as it was, not a movement escaped her notice. She could prompt a piece as' well as the man employed for the purpose. At a noble sentimentn-for even at the Monte, noble -sentiments were mouthed and ranted at times— lier little bosom would heave, and she would clench her bands, while her eyes sparkled and her breath came quick and hot. Oh! if «he could only be an actress! — not one like the cheap things that appeared at the Monl-5, but like those of whom she heard, who could draw tears and move the heart. She dreamt of itr; she trea sured Up every good or noble line she heard, and would repeat it as she thought it ought to be spoken. At times she saved up stray dimes and got into the cheapest part of the larger theatres, and gloated over the acting ahe saw there. She looked down at the well-set scenes, on to the true exponents of the drama, as a fallen angel might look towards Paradise ; and then she would go back to the Monte, to loathe more than ever her life there. She learned to read— l slowly and with difficulty, and would spell over such books as were fit for perusal ' that she found about the place, and they : were few, you may be sure. But even in the most depTaved of the worshippers of Momus, a taste for the higher teachers of the art is found, and at times she was able to spell out the .grand thoughts and expressions of the glorious old dramatists. In fulness of time her father succumbed j to the ravages of disease, brought on by drink and debauchery. Her mother went off with one of the members of the company, and she was alone in the world. The proprietor of the saloon kept her on ; ' she was too useful to be turned into the streets. She was allowed to feed on the , refuse of the bar-keeper's 'table, and sleep j about on the stage, or. wherever she could huddle up in her rags her pinched and : .starved body and her wearied limbs. ! An unexpected end came to this life : ; One night George Marshall, a joung stock- ; broker in good circumstances, together with a party of. friends, after a hilarious : dinner at the Aster House, determined to seethe lowest phases of life in New York. Accompanied by a detective as guide they visited a number of the dens of infamy for which the city is famous — or infamous. In their tour of inspection they came across the Monte ; they could find no worse class of house to satisfy their curiosity and prove the truth of the many books written about low life in New York. The party, well primed with generous wine, were admitted readily behind the scenes, and gratified their curiosity to the utmost. Fanny Hesler attracted their attention, and especially interested George Marshall. She was then ten years of age, a weird, dark, haggard little girl, with large wondering eyes, and a shock head of dark brown hair. She repulsed their advances and offers to exchange chaff; and gave him back scorn and contempt for hadinage. The pieces of silver they had forced upon her 'she threw back at -them, and she even spat towards them in. her childish wrath. When George. Marshall came to liimself - the next morning after the ' spree;' the, first thing that recurred to his memory was' the face- of .that young -girl amongst her. low and degraded companions. It haunted him for days, and so impressed him that he found out the Monte — saw Fanny, who after '.awhile accepted, his kind advances, and even condescended to talk shvly yet defiantly to him. He made an arrange ment with the proprietor of the saloon, paying him a sum that amply compensated, him for the loss of his, protege and '.took Fanny to his home. There she entered upon a new life. . , . CHAPTER II.— A NEW' HOME. George Marshall was abachelo?; not a very rich one, but possessed of ample means, and a good partnership in a thriving business. He put Fanny to a good school, where he saw her daily. All his care was to provide for the young girl, to have, her educated, and get eradicated such bad. se3de as must 'have been sown in the den from which he released her. Fanny, proved an apt scholar — she mastered the details of jhe general rudiments of learning with a * rapidity quite startling, and quickly be came an accomplished young lady, as if to the manner born, instead of being the child of brutish and low parents. She learnt foreign languages, music, painting, and the thousand and one arts and graces that go to make up the great whole of a fashionable young lady's education. But it was to reading literature that she devoted .herself principally ; all other learning was but an accessory to her purpose, and that purpose was the same that had influenced her in the Monte'. She would be an actress. Sh« never told George Marshall of her resolve —they never referred to her past life. : She read and studied Shakespeare, and his contemporary dramatists ; studied them, and dived down into their depths for their meaning— placed herself in the position of ' the heroines— surrounded herself as it were with their surroundings — lived their lives — tb ought their thoughts, and acted their parts. To her, acting was not merely. : the repetition of so many words set down by an author — it was a merging oneself into another being's identity — losing sight of the immediate surroundings and entering into the ideal character's position — becoming swayed by the motives that swayed the ideal being — doing what the author made his crea tion do — not pretending to do it, but doing j it. To one person alone she divulged her wish to learn to act, or rather not to act., but to be real. The elocution master of the school was a retired actor — a man who had made a same as a studied exponent of melo drama. She did not tell him that she wished to po on the stage, or he would not Lave aided her — she never talked of trium phing before a sea of upturned faces ; of calls between the acts, and showers of bou quets such as she had seen in theatres since she had been in George 3Iarshall's care — but she talked to him of the heroines of the drama and his art. He loved his art, and was glad to get some one to share his enthu siasm. He was an elderly Claude Meluotte to her Pauline, Valentine to her Sylvia, Romeo to her Juliet. He was surprised at her knowledge of business — her verve and her vivacity; he had no need to tell her how to use her hands, but he fancied it came, natural to her. He often visited at Mr. Marshall's house as a friend and to perfect her in elocution, and many a scene from the great masters of histrionics they enacted. They, taught religion at Fanny's school ; airy polemics, and the duties of man and womankind, but Fanny made little headway in; theology. George Marshall was not a religious man, though a fair-dealing aud upright one, and was content to see Fanny grow, up ladylike, self-possessed, and beauti ful. He loved the young girl, though he was her senior by fifteen years — and ha indulged in fond hopes that when she had -been thoroughly well educated, and ha*l ruled his house for a year or two, he would ' ask her to be Mb wife. He pictured her presiding at his table, managing his household, respecting, and, in time, loving him. He never thought of her loving any one else — he lad no fears ob +bat state. At her echoui, whilst other girls of her age were languishing for tbe society and companionship of the sterner sex, Fanny regarded mankind with an in difference that pleased and delighted him. Life at the Monte had made her almost a man-hater. She would entertain and talk to the few gentlemen she met at her bene factor's house, but beyond being courteous she paid them no attention. With the ex ception of George Mai'shall and her elocu tion master, she looked, upon men as op pressors of women. This was the result of her Monte training. There, men had made the beauty, the obedience, the submission, and even the vices of women, tools with which to work their own selfish'ends. The women had been bad enough, but the men i were the chief sinners. Love never entered : her heart. She would have married George Marshall, doubtless ; but out of gratitude, not from the dictates of any passion reigning . in her heart. When Fanny was eighteen yeai*s of age she was taken from school, and entered upon her duties as housekeeper and mistress of George Marshall's -establishment. It was not a large one, but the revenue served i well for the comfort and dignity of its S master. That master was now thirty- ' three years of age— a steady, sedate, almost melancholy man ; punctual in his habits and decorous in his mode of life. He pondered over the question whether he would ask the young girl whom he had saved from a fate too horrible to contemplate, to be his wife now or wait till she knew more of him ; and, after debating the subject fairly with himself, he concluded that' it would ; be more satisfactory, fairer, . and more ca!- ' culated to secure her happiness and his, to wait for two years. He generously, aud i like a high- souled gentleman as he .was, j determined to let her see the world— to f give her the opportunity to place her affec- i tions on some one else, if fate so willed it. But though he spoke no word. Fanny knew he loved her. Such knowledge - comes in tuitively to -all women, and had she been impressionable,; she would have guarded her heart against rail attacks. She set herself to the task of loving her futur* husband, as she regarded her benefactor. It would have been an easy task, ;but for , resolve, to, win fame as an actress. But' ' how she was to; fulfil ? her bounden duty, and yet win her soul's ambition, gave her; ; considerable uneasiness. _: ? ? \ ? So eighteen. -months passed away, since ; she had left school, and.tita time approached! [ when George Marshall was to ask for her | hand, and she was to decide whether she * was to, relinquish her deeply-seated, resolu-' ; tion, and be to him a dutiful, submissive, i and. honored, if -notjloving wife. Death I solved the question. George! Marshall,; ! always a healthy, even powerful aftd.ro oust, » man, came home one day looking careworn | and haggard. He never returned to bis? ' office; the .hand of death was upon him.,' ] One of those fevers which seem to attack : the strong and brave selected him as its: victim, and he was doomed. . The most, eminent skill availed rothing, and without ? needW to be told to prepare for. the^orstR ?. he jset his Kpuse' in order, And sent for his, lawrer. He made his wilL His share in. bis business was worth little more than his t alf Jite ftfld energy brought to ftMfot ia resigned to his partner. His house and landed property he left, with the exception of a few legacies to faithful servants, to Fanny Hesler, requesting her to take the name of Marshall. Then he summoned the weeping, grief-stricken girl to his bed side, ana told her of his hopes and antici pations. No more moving tale of ardent love and disappointed hopes was erer poured out than that strong man in his dying agony told the girl he had saved, to whom he had been more than a brother or a lover, as he lay on that bed of sickness from which he was never to rise. Fanny then, in her despair, in her unutterable abandonment to grief, would have thrown all her ambition to the winds to have kept George Marshall from his grave. She was sincere in her sorrow ; he was and had been the only .being to whom she was really attached. 'When he was gone she would be alone in the world, and a wild sense of uttei f orlornness took possession of her. She felt that she would love the dying man if he were spared to her ; there was not a selfish thought in her sorrow, no calcula tion nor speculation as to her position in the world in future. She sat by him and tended him to the last, receiving his assur ances of love, and returning- him protesta tions that she had given him her heart, which delighted and embittered alternately the stricken man. George Marshall was sensible to the last moment — he died in the midst of a prayer for her he Joved so well — her hand was in his ; the grasp tightened for a moment and relaxed, as with a convul sive movement he rose slightly on his couch, gave one sigh, a look towards Fanny, and was a corpse. CHAPTER III.— ON THE BOARDS AGAIN. For some time after his death, Fanny Hesler, now Marshall, was unconscious to all passing around her. She knew she had not loved George Marshall as she felt love should be. She never would have done probably, and the thought sharpened her anguish and made her ? regret more keen. It seemed an injustice to the dead man's memory. She had robbed bin, as it were, of a passion and had reurned none. He gave love, and she had returned gratitude and obedience — a poor exchange, she knew. The funeral took place, and the lawyer saw to the legacy, and when the bereaved girl was able to attend to what he had to tell her, she found herself inde pendent ; not rich, but with an income sufficient to relieve her from any trouble or . anxiety as. to her future so far as her few requirements were concerned. Six months after George Marshall's death, Mr. Chawson, of the Columbian Theatre, was waited upon at his private -residence i)y a lady,' closely veiled, who in answer to his enquiries as to what he could do for her, said shortly — 'Mr. Chawson, I want to make a debut at your theatre.' Such requests were not unknown, nor even un usual to Mr. Chawson, who was often1 besieged by people, men' and women, anxious to jump into the theatrical world as 'stars,' with one bound. . ' Madam,' he said, 'I regretthat I have no vacancy in my theatre,' (Mr. Chawson. called it theayter), ' I'm sorry ? ' ' Hold,' she said, interrupting him, ' I am not one of those ladies who fancy they can electrify an audience without mastering even the ABC of theatrical business. I know the drudgery required from, even the poorest servant of Thespis. I faced the footlights as soon as I could stand, and have bad many years of preparation, many anxious hours of study and labor to fit me for the stage and the position I aim at. Here,' she went on, ' select a passage from this play,' taking up a drama from the side table, '* any you like, cr I will,' she added. ' Listen ;' and she took a long, im passioned speech from a sensational play of, the day and gave it without a mistake; -with 'fire and passion that rose and fell as occasion demanded ; now swelling into f ujy, again soft and subdued. Chawson knew what light and shade was, and could appreciate good acting, still he never decided for himself. He kept a man : to think for hhn. His opinion of anything new, if asked, was, ' Wants ripping.' His expenses at the theatre were two thousand dollars a week, and any mistake such as an unsuccessful debut, would entail a serious loss on him, so he arranged a meeting for the following day between the new aspirant And his managing man, Mr. Spofferd. The : interview took place. Mr. Spofferd gave : Fanny a thorough trial; tried her in, tragedy and comedy : demanded, and got from her, pathos and feeling, tenderness, violence, sweetness, mockery, scorn, disdain, 3aughter; and tears. Her acquaintance with dramatic authors was extensive ; he tried it to the uttermost. He saw at a glance that she was fitted to tread the boards; that she was graceful, selfrpossessed, confi dent; but he wished to learn if she had \ caught the celestial fire— if Bhe knew how '?, to act— how to move an audience— to have it at her command and make it, her own; I and he satisfied himself that she did. His reply to Chawson's enquiry as to' whether Fanny would do,; was brief but satis factory. . ; '-She will make a ; stack of ,, dollars for you, old man,' was the answer. 'We must bring her out in style^-r-dnd-they^dJId, with, the result we have seen. . ., - - - Fann^y /never- raised ^any trouble,, or ,-Vtcut wnroughj' as Mrl Chawson calieii it, but -ww! i. .-:'?? ' i .-'.'?.-?'. . ?.:?:. .-:.:.-; ? {shortly after ier fame was established, she was .making, her way to ier dressing room, when, in one of the passages, she came, across some of those, -male butterflies whom wealth and lavish prodigality give an entree behind the scenes of the best- -of American theatres ; whose only object is to toy. with and captivate such as are Pled away by their fascination and liberality^ Sending for Mr. Chawson, who was soon in attendance, she said—- '??''! ' I am of use to you; Mr. Chawson ?' j .That enterprising man acknowledged the fact by a bow. . '.'Then,' she continued, 'send away those fellows; never let me see them in this place during my engagement. Let that dew,' pointing to the stage enfonce, ?- be. a barrier to which no money will be au ' open sesame.' Let the curtain divide me and. those girls from such men, whose pre sence degrades us.'' And she swept up towards her room, her eyes flashing and her kands clenched. Her wishes were obeyed, for she was mistress of the situation.' No languishing glances from private boxes, no advances made by means of artfully-contrived mis sives concealed within gorgeous bouquets or twisted round diamond rings, had any effect upon her. She received the usual thousand and one invitations to mix with the gay and thoughtless, to live the life of some women who make the stage a profession ; but she repelled the advances, quietly yet firmly, and in such a manner as to leave no mistake as to her meaning. She was punctual at such rehearsals as her presence was required at, and she required punc tuality from the company. But she re hearsed only. The piece being sufficiently well known or gone thiough, she left in her modest chariot. She came punctually to the theatre at night, and left as regularly for her quiet lodgings. Not a dozen per sons in the city knew she was the protige of George Marshall, deceased, and those who did know it were not likely to commu nicate the fact to others. Mr. Chawson did not seek to pry into her private affairs or antecedents. He knew that he was making thousands -of dollars out of her; that she filled his theatre to overflowing night after night. He was a practical man, with a vast amount of shrewd, matterof fact philosophy — a sort of breeches-pocket Seneca. ! ' Who is she ?' he would say. ' I don't know, and I don't care. She fills the treasury, and makes the ghost walk. She's the cleverest woman that ever showed in New York, and that's enough for me, sir'ee.' . .-. . After the time was up for which she had engaged with Mr. Chawson, she expressed her intention to travel, and that disconso late lessee dictated, much against his will; terms of agreement with Crouch,, of the Republican Theatre, San Francisco, which were accepted ; and Fanny left for the gold coast, bidding farewell for a time to the rough but kind-hearted Chawson, with many mutual expressions of sorrow and re gret at parting. CHAPTEE IV'.— 'FRISCO. | There was no Trans-pacific railway across the continent at that time, and the voyage had to be made by steamer. It was' accomplished, however, and Fanny Mar shall, now La Belle Americaine, with hev: agent, landed at the Universal Packet Wharf, and was Tflp.eived by emissaries from.Mr. Crouch. 'The lady was whipped .into a; carriage amidst the cheers of a great crowd, which the enterprising Mr. Crouch! had taken care should meet the steameri and greet the great actress whose fame was to fill his pockets. J The. enterprising Crouch had not been; idle since the engagement of the new. star j He had many discussions with his stage; manager on the knotty point of the! opening piece in which .to introduce^ ' La Belle Americaine' to the Pacific pub-; lie. 'La Belle Americaine,' the play itself, was not suited for the Western States.; ' Sbakespeare,' Mr. Crouch observed/ ' wasVt worth a cuss; he was played out, and d ? d expensive to mount.' Tom Taylor! and Boucicault had to be localised so fright-; fully that they lost half their value when; brought across the Atlantic. . She must have something tip top, that was certain ;! something Al, and new, if possible. New ! that was it- exactly. Youner Leslie was the; very man ; right into their hands. Leslie! was a rising author ; he had written two: or three successsful farces, adapted a few burlesques,, and dramatised an English workj of fiction. He was a successful pressman,5 and altogether the very man to write a! drama in which the powers of La Belle; Americaine might be shown to the best ad-] vantage. He was a local man, too, and; Mr. Crouch knew how to appeal to a dis' criminating and generous public to en-; courage local talent. The order wasgiven^ and the young man set to work to produce, a piece, an original drama, worthy of even^ so bright a star as La Belle. He'threw his, soul into the task ; he knew it would make] or mar his fame as a dramatist. He had his ! foot on the ladder of renown. He was to climb — to reach the top, and grasp all the; emoluments attendant on success, or fall into the abyss of mediocrity if he failed : and no one knows how bitter such a fall ' and failure can be but the aspiring but ? disappointed genius, who has assayed to climb and failed. ; Herbert Leslie had long been confident : that he could .write a drama': he only waited for the chance, and it .had come. .' When he submitted the manuscript of 'fTKe '. Creole's Revenge' to Mr. Crouchand Burton, i the factotum, theyatoncesaiditwould'go.' ? Mr.- Crouch even went so far as to say it was a 'snorter.' : Leslie had not written | exactly to please, himself. . He knew that j he was writing-for'the Pacific public, and ? he grafted on to words, scenes, and situa- ; tions, many noble ^sentiments. He made a 6ort of compromise with his conscience and ' ambition. He was aware that had he j written a- play; in which real men. and ; women -had been introduced^ and made to i talk as men and women do,/t would not be suffered to reach the length of one per formance; so he sacrificed truth' and fidelity , as all dramatic authors are forced to do. i But be gave, in the place of real life, an ideal one, which, while it 'appealed to tie sympathies and predilections bf play goers,- wasltrue and faithful to that ideal: He had to -create stage men and women/ but he did ;hot make them) 'stagey ;'' he en-^ dowed them- with life, and did- 'not merely fashion so many! puppets.: He gave each' man ?? -and woman in the piece an ! indi viduality. I£ they spoke' his words they, were bound to be consistent, and become component; parts ; of, the 'whole ofiis plot. - -' ' : ' BurtoH, tie factotum, ihew it would fro: ; There were ?« lines'* for tfae gods, which he knew znuBt bring down that- portion of the house, and he felt that the interest he ttraelf experienced, jn merely reading the play, must be increased tenfold if it were properly acted ; and that he was determined it should be. So ' The Creole's Revenge,' an entirely new and original drama, by Herbert Leslie, Esq., written expressly .for La Belle Ame ricaine, was billed in profusion. Portraits of a beautiful Creole, with dishevelled hair, and supernaturally lai'ge eyes, driving a knife into a man whose arms were raised aloft, were plastered on every available spot all thiough the city. 'La Belle Americaine,' and ' The Creole's Revenge,' were in everybody's mouth. . If a cart horse fell down in the street, before Ms dying agonies were over he was covered with posters. Mr. Crouch had to pay many fines for disfiguring private property with: his bills, but he did jnot mind. that. He even got the reporters to give long accounts cf the actions brought against him, and-' to head them in the paper as 4( More Desecra tion.' He held that advertising, without it were well done, had better.be left alone ; and he would have covered the pulpits: of the churches and the public buildings of the city with his bills if he dared. Every seat in the circle and stalls of the theatre was taken long in advance of the first night of the new star's performance, in. the new and original drama. A speculator bought up a .great many tickets, and dis posed of them at a large profit. Single seats were even advertised in the papers. Mr. Crouch of course had a great deal -to do with this ; but there was really a great curiosity to see and hear the famous actress in the youn^. dramatist's first original play. The opening night came. Th.3 Repub lican was crowded, densely packed by skil ful persons engaged to make the most of every seat ; the only unengaged portions .o£ the place were filled by 7 o'clock. Not ? a moment was lost from the time the dodrs opened ; one unceasing crowd thronged jn till ''full' was announced at all .parts 'jot the house. Eight o.lclock, and the curtain rose.' Little attention was paid to the piece: till shortly after its commencement, when La Belle Americaine came on, took- one glance at the house,.bowedonce, aud waited; bowed again as a thunder of applause shook the place. Such .cheers! never more cor dial were ever accorded to any woman who went on the stage — cheers' which were re peated till throats grew ' hoarse, and the owners tired. ..'?[ Then she gave a final acknowledgement and plunged into her business.; She was a beautiful young Creole girl, happy in 'an illicit love with her young master, 'How she acted the part ! One would have thought her the most impressionable of women ; ? she revelled in her passion aud devotion. Love sparkled in her eyes and bftamftd forti -vrith every, glance. Her lover wasayldnter's son, whose word she took as Gospel. ' She was his idol — he her god.- : He was toying with her; she. was loving, and bestowing her whole heart on him. She made him swear to love her — never ' to change ; come what would, they twain were to be one flesh. How it brought down ; the house How the gode cheered and applauded the noble sentiments ©f the loving, trusting girl, abandoning herself rto her destroyer. Her love in its depth and magnitude took the taste of the audience, . and applause, followed every line. Then her role changed. A rival 'ap- peared on the scene — not a declared one, but a girl whom she mistrusted, about whom she had misgivings. The transition from fond, trusting, fancied security, to doubt and mistrust, was grand. It 'con- cluded the first act, and as the curtain dropped, such deafening yells rent -the air as had never before been heard in the Re publican. It was raised again, and dis closed La Bella Americaine* .still in tbe same attitude as when it dropped — an atti tude of partly despair, partly anger and misgiving. Again the curtain was lowered, but the. delighted and. astonished audience would have the woman as . well as the actress, and Fanny had to appear from the side entrance, led by the perfidious young planter. Then she got another ovation, and bowed, hex thanks again and retired to her dressing-room. ?????. : . She was satisfied now.', her ambition had found a realization; the day dreams she had indulged in at the Monte' were dreams no longer, and her triumph was complete. The cheers and applause that had resounded through -die theatre, filled her; with' de light; she; knew they were deserved; and then she thought over the language, the delivery '- of which had wrought the audience up to an enthusiam she had never seen equalled. She had found a modern author who realised her idea of a dramatist — who made the conventionalities of modem life subject to his will; who* without infringing the rules or distorting the. language of the period, made them agents to bring about a truly glorious re sult. Her nejdyrdiscoverfid' genius, ahp thought, had 'the. 'keen perception of tbJe older writers, with a perfect knowledge, of modern life. A.little experience would(de velope bis powers, and the result would be other 'Schools for Scandal,' more 'Strangers' and'^Hamlefejt V....: V';' ' The second act only established her fame and rendered the house morei enthusiastic. -?She; was; a deluded' ancl forsaken woman now, terrible, In bar M^thjr-only.rHviog $6r revenge- Juripus atlb&yingr;/beejtjde. ceived and' forsaken— despet^te at having lost a heart th|it beat for ber t-nly. Angui3i jind desire for reyepge, struggl^ ,?or,,ma&« tery^Bv ajoovej. arrangement q£ the , stage, the perfidious 'young planter could Jbe sejen with .his new love,, while#jie Creole looked 6p_t Iifitejungto his yOTO'inade, to another, as he had made them to her, watching boa blandishments, of which she ihad before been the recipient.. ? Then. Fanny's triumph as an actress culminated ; pit, stalls, and circle were in a frenij of admiration at the d^air,.^angui8hj |cnd fury; she pourtrayed without spouting a word/ Her face, now livid wiui.iiageV nbsj;. 'distorted by strong feeling' ftttj; seemed , to .rend her as she writhed, in wrath^ was^s mobile as if it Had been, pliant material ^moulded by an artist. Tie house, was- bre»thless, spell bound by her astonishing .genius ; passion and purpose were Bhown without any vioi lent gestures— they sEone in every more pient, and were proclaimed by every cb^nge. in her marvellously expressive face. People trembled for the unconscious young planter and his new love. Much as he had sinned? 'hef?*had iJOt^djeservediBie awful hatred that La Belle Americaine 'showed. It was ajreuef Svh'en, overcome 'by the in tensity of filer feelings, the revengeful Creole «ank exhausted and senseless on the stage. Cheers renewed again ' and again caused the curtain to rise, andfanhy again to jtuakeJier appearance at the—wings, aud receive bouquets in scores and terrific ap plause. ' ?^?intiie third act she' did not appear till the finish — then, disguised as the false \- young planter's new mistress, she kept her rival's assignation, when, after some magni ficent by- play, she threw off her disguise and stabbed her false lover to the heart. More magnificent dumb show was intro duced — the planter making love to his new . love, as he thought, wondering why she was so coy and silent. Fanny's face, which could be seen- by the audience (in its dis guise) was a study. Her smiles and aceep- . tance of her victim's caresses were Satanic in their devilish cunning, and as she tore off her hood, raised the dagger, and in her own voice hissed — 'This for you, traitor;' the audience held their breath, and a feeling like that experienced on witnessing a murder or an execution ran through the house. That feeling over, nothing but adnii ration for the artist remained, and she could . scarcely give the few lines at the finish for frequent interruptions, in the shape of r bursts of applause. The last lines were spoken, and as she stood, bowing her adieus, bouquets, purses, coins of all sorts, and gold rained upon the stage, for it was some years ago, and Californians testified their appre ; ciation in a Tery practical manner. Another call followed, then one for the planter, his second love, and then a cry of ' Author, author,' was raised, and Herbert \- Leslie left the side box in which he sat, in an agony of suspense, till the first act was over, and he saw that his drama was a suc cess. He bowed low to the loud and long plaudits, and -was making his way back to the stage door, when, passing the new star's ? dressing-room, his name was called, and \- Fanny opened the door. He went in-; she stood there flushed with triumph, her eyes sparkling, her breast heaving. Leslie thought 'he had never seen so glorious a creature. Her hair was loosed now, and hung in heavy dark masses on her shoulders, which, though they had been colored, as was her face, to a dark shade, were surprisingly beautiful. Rather below than above the average height, Fanny had a figure fit for a sculptor's model; her arms were round and beautifully moulded —her face was expressive, and her eyes ? had the beam which genius and intelligence \- only can give. Her part lay ou the table, ?with some exquisite articles of jewellery flashing with gems. She leaned against her dressing table, looking dreamily down, as if in deep thought. Presently she raised her head, and said — *'. You wrote that play' — half as an asser tion, half interrogatively. 'I did,' he answered ; ' I hope you liked your part.' u It is the most beautiful modem drama I ever played in. It is grand. You leave oe to express a great deal without words.' 'I was fortunate to get my meaning so well explained.' 'Your praise is more grateful to me than the call and cheers I have just xe -iCeived.' 'I would rather please an artist than the public.' 'Would you?' she said; ' I take that as truth, and must acknowledge it as a compliment. What made you keep me off so long in the last act ? Did you'trust to me getting up a new sensation, or were you afraid'the fire would get low, aud have to be lighted up again ?' 'I trusted to a new passion,' he answered, ' and I think the result proves ; that I was right.' ' Perhaps so,' she acquiesced: the:i, turning to the things that lay ; upon her table, she seemed 'to be again lost in thought. Herbert stood irresolute, scarcely know -ing whether to go or stay, when sud denly she. turned and looked him full in the face, and said* as if with an effort — \- u Where did you learn all -those iove ; passages . you ;have : put intp my part, ? and that of Darnton [the young -planter-] ?r-- = He smiled as he* replied, 'I' -am a jnamed man.' ?..*..??????? - - 'A married man!' She echoed his words with emphasis. 'Then the pale, i sickly'' — she had almost been rude, but added, after a: pause — 'lady in the box with vou was? ? ' ? ? :.-.''My: wife,' he said, half defiantly: ? *' she has not the best of health.' Fanny Tesumed her preoccupied air. 'Good night,' slie said shortly, after a pause. : : .: He turned to walk out. saying Ci Gooi night;' but before he reached the door, she came up to him, and extended her small delicate hand and smiled bewitching-ly. paying ' Good night' in a hearty tone. 'He cordially repeated the words 'and passed out. CHAPTER V.— PLATED OUT. They met frequently after .that. The *' Creole's Revenge ' seemed likely to have a long run, but it must play out, and Mr. Crouch and his thoughtful manager, Mr. Spofferd, ordered the young dramatist to have another ' entirely new and original drama written expressly for this theatre,' ready for the time when thepiece should cease to draw crowded houses. Fanny and Leslie had many consultations on the sub ject, and both, like ambitious artists as they ?were, would have preferred the classic drama. They -wished to make the grand old heroes of antiquity, walk the earth again., Perhaps they desired to elevate the ; taste1 of the public of 'Frisco,^ perhaps the - yearning , after ^better things — a nohtei1 aspiration— induced thein to look to past ages for' their 'events and to mythical fceihgs for their characters. ' But Mr. Crouch ; set his face— or Tather entered a very emphatic ^protest — against the classic drama. - .'.Those darned high falutin' Roman things,'' tie said, *? cost too much for ' togusses9. and things ;' for Mrl Crouch styled and, reckoned all classic costume as togas— ', then it' cut up the 'flats' in painting pillari and tumble down things on 'em; and when ypuifd gone to- all the trouble and 'lots, of- extra 'expense, and had your piece property : mounted,: as you thought, .the; supers* legs ' danjned the whole concern. ^ And* who; cared, for Romans and'. Greteks 4nd ;their. lohg-.winded palaver? nobody but a feV old fogies who ' had too much time and money to stick to their own age, but must go back to other days for amusement' ? Mr. Spofferdy too, didn't care for the higher class drama; it was : all very well and . correct and that sort of thing, but the public paid and they had -a right ;to get what they, -could understand'; something modern ancl sensational! Medea, with a good casti and a couple of clever kids -introduced, -anight run -f op- a -night or -two ;- but to 'knock ' an audience now-a-days re quired some good matter-of-fact bit bf villany— the' steam-engine business^ a night train, or a sawmill.' So a sort of compromise was made, and Herbert retired on to French revolutionary history for a plot, and produced a play in which Robespierre and Danton figured. They often met and consulted, the two, for of course Fanny was anxious about her part; what actress is not ? So they would meet either at the theatre or at her lodg ings, and talk over the new play, or a subject that never palled on them — ihe stage. Their meetings were not always passed in deliberations aneut the new piece. Leslie was a good reader, aud Fanny, of course, a thorough elocutionist; and if they could not produce Shakespeare and Homer, ^Esehylus, Beaumout and Fletcher, Sallust or Addison, on the San Francisco stage, they could commune with them together. This was dangerous work, you will say, for a young couple — the one irrevocably bound by a sacred tie, the other wedded to a noble profession ; but for Leslie, he was secure from danger — he had once, and once only, felt the mystic influence of love, and have I not said that Fanny's heart was unassail able? Leslie, when a little over twenty, had married a young girl to whom he had taken a sudden fancy : both were orphans, and, in fact, friendless. He had to struggle on, winning, wrestling his bread from a hard world; he had been drudge in a printing-office, bookkeeper, advertisement receiver and reader, proof corrector, re porter, and item recorder, anything, every thing, about a large newspaper. His wife was a young girl, tolerably well born — always weakly, never in good health, worn down as it were by the cares and responr sibilities of matrimony and housekeeping — ? no more a companion for an aspiring man of letters than an Indian squaw would have been. She had no sympathy with his labor — could not share his enthusiasm nor his reward. His writings were to her so much litter — his copy so much paper, that for a while disfigured the sitting-room. Yet he loved her. To other people she might, and indeed was, a pale, sickly, weak, peevish, and almost ill-favored and prematurely aged woman — yet to him she was a wife, a being to cherish, aud on whom to bestow all his affection. His business lay much in cafes, hotels, aud theatres; yet none of the fair butterflies ever tempted him for one moment to forget that delicate woman at home. He never left her without a loving kiss, nor met her but he folded her in Ms arms; nor did a day nor an hour pass but he thought of her pleasantly and with affection. Perhaps her want of literary proclivities was his safeguard. When he came from the office or tbe great school of observation, instead of some discussion on scientific or literary matters he was regaled with stories of the servant's delinquencies, or the butcher's] shortcomings, which took his thoughts away from business, and allowed his brain to rest. They lived happily, as couples always do where one loves and the other suffers himself or herself to be loved. If Leslie had been asked why he loved his wife he would have found it difficult to. answer; but who can explain or account for the holy feeling that actuates good men and women, or. define the line that divides love from passion, infatuation, or lust ? Leslie was content to go home to find his wife immersed in the duties of life, fully occupied by the small occurrences of the, daily routine, and indifferent to a great passion or higher aspiration. ' . Fanny pitied him; — she fancied he pined for companionship— for sympathy aud in spiration. She had seen Mrs. Leslie but; once, and then but for a moment, but with! the quick perception natural to her she had read her character as weti as Lavater or! Gall might have done. She thought how different it might have been had she and Leslie met, and there had been no bar to' tbe freest- intercourse between them; they might have married and shared their genius; and their triumphs. He could have written, and she would have been content to appre-,. ciate, assist, and perhaps inspire him. : The new play necessitated their frequent; meeting ; neither saw any harm in those : tete-a-tete confabs ; her neart was steeled against mankind, his possessed by a love J, and honored wife. She thought she wjuld have made him a good helpmate or com panion, and an admiring assistant, rather than a wife — their brains would ? have ; joined rather than their hearts. She ; 'would have given her beauty and her talents ; rather than her love. Leslie thought little j of the matter ; he got many a 'brilliant ; idea, many a; noble sentiment, from tlie '? talented young actress, and he was content i to receive her ideas and assistance without ' troubling himself about the propriety of their intercourse. Had he thought there ! was any danger to either, he would never have compromised himself on her. i \ The revolutionary play, which was a . succession of startling scenes of horror and I humor, had a success. : It was full of fire, f and gracefully and smartly- written. Fanny's part, at. her own desire, was that 1 of a young daughter of one of the Guarde Nationale, who espoused the causs of the ! people, and was accidentally the chief cause of the death^of, her father. It afforded her an opportunity to display her .great powers : — the glorious patriotism of the young French woman, , and .the despair of the murderess of a father.' ; Still Bhe- did not like the. part or the play so well as the 'Creole's Revenge,' though it displayed higher sentimentsand loftier thoughts and expressions. She ^rew dissatisfied now; im perious' towards the company, and exacting with everybody. People said she was 'putting on frills ;' that success had turned her head.: Crouch could not make her out, and Spofferd.; was puzzle! Such a nice ?woman she had hitherto been — so gracious and affable. Now,1 the properties never suited her, the scenery was not to her taste, and the company did not play up to her she complained. In fact, Mr. Grouch erraphically said she was ' raising Cain for the crowd/' Towards Leslie she was im perious and apologetic by turns ; .sometimes avoiding him, and again «eeniing to taker an unusual interest in him. Then she com- \ plained of sickness, and alarmed the management by fears of not .being able to gdlori; ??'. .The most eminent inedical advice ; came to her command, and the. doctors said Tier system wanted 'toning; but she averred they were fools and did hot understand her- case. .Matters came to a climax when ! she announced her intention of leaving the country. Crouch was in despair, and, as iisualy^an to his faithf ul- Spofferd. 'What could he do? It was just like those cussed women, just as they were a big draw they took all sorts of fancies. W Quid it be any good getting her a slap-up turn-out, or giving her an advance in her terms?' Mr. Spofferd thought not. ** I can't make her out,' said that worthy. ' I hope she's not collared ; she's not that sort of gal, I shoidd think, but you can never tell,' 6aid Mr. Spofferd, -whose expe rience was large and varied. ' Hang it ; what shall we do? Til speak to Leslie about it ; she seems to cotton to him more than to anybody. I wonder' — and here Mr. Spofferd gave a low whistle. 'No,' he continued, ' Master Herbert would scarcely' — But whatever the astute manager thought did not transpire. Leslie was spoken to about the matter; and though he dis claimed having any influence, he promised to plead the cause of the disconsolate Mr. Crouch ; and he waited upon the fair but discontented yonng star. At first she brightened up at the request; then pas sionately broke out. ' I can't stay — I won't. I am ill. You none of you understand me. I might stay here and kill myself for all you cared, so long as you filled the Republican.' Then, seeing his grieved and pained look, she added, ' I do not mean you. I would not hurt your feelings; you have been everything good and kind to me, but I am not well;' and she almost burst into tears! '' I must go,' she continued vehemently, ' this place is killing me ; I was happy till I came to it. I will go to Europe, or back to the Eastern States. Why do you ask me to stay ?' she demanded. Leslie could only explain that he was de puted by Messrs. Crouch & Co., though he added with truth, ' I shall feel your ab sence greatly. I have thoroughly enjoyed your visit, you have made me a name.' ' Yes,' she broke in, ' you are selfish and heartless like the rest ; you look upon me as a machine, to be set in motion that you may derive benefit. You never think of the woman ;' then,1 repenting again, she broke out into a flood of tears, 'I am miserable, wretched — I must go. Please tell the management,' and she laid some slight and sarcastic stress on the word, ' that my decision is final. I will play one week, and then take the first ship to Europe.' There was no shaking her determination. She would play the last week for nothing ; but no inducement would be sufficient to keep her over that time. She seemed now in a state of feverish anxiety, busying her self in packing up, and making arrange ments to leave in the ' TJiracian,' a large steamer bound for Liverpool in ten days. So the emissaries went forth from Mr. Crouch with posters and paste, and plas tered tile city with. auaoaucemeBte that- it. was ' The Last Week of La Belle Aineri caine,' warning the public that it was the last opportunity they would have of seeing the greatest ' star actress who had ever visited -the Pacific coast.' ' Last Week,' and ' Previous to her Departure for Europe,' stared everybody in the face, whether they looked high or low, for they were stuck aloft and branded on the flags of every sidewalk in the city. Fanny had come in heralded well, and she was not to , leave without a flourish of trumpets. One concession she made. . In addition to the week's performance, she consented to appear for the benefit of Herbert Leslie, Esq., the author of the ' Creole's Revenge,' ' La Fille du Soldat,' &c;, &c.; She made it a condition thai it was to be a clear benefit, not one of those speculations generally known as 'bens, on terms' where the recipient scarcely can distinguish between a benefit and an injury. It only wanted then nine days till the ' Thracian' should sail, carrying away Fanny Hesler with all her cares, her hopes, to another country : and how ardently she longed for the time to come, none but herself knew. She counted the hours as they dragged then slow lengths along. One stipulation she made— the 'Creole's Revenge, she insisted, should be put up for Leslie's benefit. CHAPTER VI.— A BENEFIT AND LAST FAREWELL. The last week of Fanny's engagement was a busy one for the ' Republican.' Busi ness had never been slack during her reign, but when it was fully established that she was going, the furore that had marked her dehiit was renewed. High prices were again obtained for particular seats, and specula tors invested in tickets with an eye to a rise in their value, and were not disap pointed. Everybody declared that ' the Marshall' had never' acted her best before ; that the light which was about to be extin guished, so far as they were concerned, ahone most brilliantly just as it was to be lost for ever. Certainly she never exhibited such fire aud vehemence— she seemed to live in a fever of excitement — taking a fierce pleasure in packing up and making prepara tions for the intended voyage; Her dresses, as soon as the part was played for the last time in which they would be required at the Republican, were carefully stowed away in trunks, ostentatiously labelled with her name as passenger, per Thracian, for Liver pool. Mr. Spofferd had some European experience, and she never tired of question ing him about the places she intended to visit, and the probability of her making a 'hit.' She was more demonstrative if Leslie happened to bepresent, and that was pretty often, for MrJ Herbert had written a successful book, full of persiflage and dry transatlantic humor, and as he had gtvev up the drudgery of the press he had plenty of time to devote to his research after ex perience and .incidents, and he evidently drew^ or imagined he drew, much informa ti.on.from the theatres. 'Mr. Spofferd,' she 6aid one day, f( do you think I shall be able to get Boudcault or Taylor, or any of the big people 'at home*' — in; common1 with many thousands of true-born Americans, she called England by fliat name — 'to write me a piece/ or a good part in one ?' r ' : Mr. Spofferd didn't «xactlv feno w, but he ; suggested that, to make sure' of a dramatic i author who *would.write:uD*o her, she: bAd better take Leslie with he£ . .?,'??? 'Leslie!' she said petulantly, and even scornfully. ' What good would he be amongst such people ? He might do for tlie Gold Coast, to write plays for diggers or calculating Yankees, and people who were- too busy and too bustling to know what'drainatic authorship was ; but would a refined audience stand his Brother Jona than slang ?' Mr. Spofferd gave one of his characteristic whistles, and wondered' what the little gains was.-' '.'.-' ??['-?? ' ' 'Why,' he said, 'you were hot on Leslie's pieces only a month ago ; he was a sucking Shakespeare, and worth ten of any living writers.' 'Oh,' she replied, ' but I have changed my mind ; he is spoilt by the little success he Las bad. I hate him. That book finished him, and he will never get down from the high horse.' And she essayed a laugh, which was not a success. 'I wish,' thought Mr. Spofferd, 'she would say spiteful things like that about me. It wouldn't be a bad thing to run her over the water; I'd make dollars out of her.' In fact, Mr. Crouch's factotum would have, as he termed it, ' gone in' for Fanny, but there was something about her that warned him courtship would not be a suc cess. However my heroine affected to . despise Leslie, she was evidently deter mined that the ' Creole's Revenge' should be mounted as well as possible, and she made extravagant demands on the ward robe and properties of the theatre, goiug carefully through the scenic and other effects, demanding new scenery here and fresh dresses there — even, when required, paying for things herself. She ordered special rehearsals, too, for the last farewell performance, at which she requested Mr. Leslie's presence. ' I may as well go out like a rocket,' she explained, ' and not like a stick. I must show them that 1 am not played out if I am going away.' The billing of the benefit was Leslie's care, but really little was needed though it was only put up two days before its occur rence. ' An extra night, and positively the last appearance of La Belle Americaine previous to her departure by the Thracian, for Liverpool,' was sufficient to cause a rush for tickets. Leslie was fast gaining popularitv as a Jlaneur and acute observer of the humorous. It was his first appear ance as a benejidare, and the public was in debted to him for many a 'quaint and curious fancy' and pleasant hour's reading or observation, and the public when aware of the fact is rarely backward in repaying its obligations, in spite of what is said to the contrary. Fanny seemed particularly anxious that her last performance should be her best. She kept the company fully employed for two days preceding the performance attend ing to her orders and suggestions. The piece had been rehearsed often enough, they thought, but she suggested improve ments here, and new readings and situations there, till they were tired. The scenic ar tists had their work to do to keep pace with ? her requirements, and the ? property man and wardrobe-keepers, with their assistants, were at their wits' end to fulfil her orders. Mr. Crouch kept the accusing angel pretty -busy plying between the theatre and record ing office. 'What the thunder did she want, getting props. thatTvbuldn't come in for anything else ? And his flats and things ! Why, they would have to play Louisiana pieces for twelve months with those cursed plantation uglinesses on 'em.' He only . mildly suggested that the supers 'who were ? to play plantation hands in the grand ; cotton-field scene might use their old togs, or wear some splendid soldiers' coats and jackets which he had bought at a eommis- ! sariat sale, and Fanny, as he graphically expressed it, 'jumped upon him.' He swore he would go into the wax-figure or animal business — women paid at times, but, bv the ghost of the great Caesar, :they played up more in a day than a menagerie would in a month. ' Look here,' he con- ; fided to a friend, ' that woman came heip s as mild and as pleasant as a mud-turtle, . and now she cavorts round like a spotted ? rkionoscrosis with hifi hide scalded, getting ! up this piece for one night, as if ifc was' going to run till the Jubilee. I've got a : troupe of infant prodigies coming here next week,' he went on; 'they pull everything '?? to pieces, and go to sleep just as they're ? wanted to come on, and they get sick and \ have to be nursed, and turn the place into a :. nursery and hospital ; but I shall find them ' a relief and blessing after this one's tan- '. trums.' ; As Fanny's engagement drew to a close the papers 'each came out with flaring notices and personal descriptions of her. The Press, in its commendation, was only endorsing public opinion. If she came to the Pacific coast, -with a prestiffe and repu tation, she had borne out all that had been ?aid about her. Many of the papers dwelt upon her personal charms in a style that would somewhat offend our old world pre judices. There was no need to bill the last fare well and benefit of the popular author, Herbert Leslie, Esq., for the daily papers were unanimous in calling attention to the fact, and urging upon the public the advi sability of showing their appreciation of their native-born dramatist. And now the engagement was played out, and it only re mained for Fanny to appear for the young author's benefit ; and thirty hours from tbe time of her making heT final bow she would be steaming out through the Golden Gate, leaving all her troubles and cares behind her, and severing herself from any painful asso ciations. -What troubles or cares had she ? what painful associations needed severing ? She could scarcely tell— she only knew tfiat her peace of mind was gone, that even the tumultuous applause of a delighted and as tonished audience failed to gratify her now. Everything seemed to pall upon her, and all was as Dead Sea fruit to her. She was rest less and dissatisfied, as if possessed by in somnia. Rest was a stranger to her — she would rise at daybreak and trv to exhaust herself before -she sought her bed, but she could not be tired. That last night over, she thought, all would be well ; she would be on board the next night, and leave eaiiy^ on the following morning. Across the water she'.TVould form new ties— find other friends— and then, shfe thought, what friends and what ties ? Sue( had none. Of all the persons she had borne* in contact with '''she. had never ;ei£nan£ed confidence* with one.1 The only time her' : heart hacLoeaten quicker was for'±hecoijjifigt' Of Leslie, and she ^xoughtrtiercely ho'#'itf might have^hap^ened'if heM'd'heen^rree when she hadr firkt met him, or if he had: ; ft* mi,di-~-d .i . . .-it '. ; ..!?-? v.- t.i-!:;. been a Mormon ; but no ! at the thought, her teeth clenched involuntarily, and a dangerous, gleam shot from her beautiful eyes. J Time passes slowly to some people, but it must pass, and the night of the benefit arrived. Extravagant prices had been paid for .good places. ': People -of intelligence and discrimination, who knew they were parting from an artiste whoae equal they were not likely to see again for some time, if at all, had secured even the parquette and' upper circles, and by the-timefor the per- - formance to commence, the whole place looked like one unbroken sea of heads and expectant faces. Exactly at 8 o'clock the curtain rose — the overture hushed, and the 'Creole's Revenge' commenced. Fanny's entrance was made soon, for the young planter was waiting for her, when the piece commenced. She came on, looking supernaturally bright and radiant, and surveyed the house for a moment. No audience ever saw a fairer sight — one bow of the proud little head, one glance that took in the whole house — her arms folded across her breast, and she turned to extend her hands to her lover as the play demanded; but the terrific ap plause forced hor to come to the lights once more. Again and again she bowed her acknowledgements to the tornado of cheers and shouts — then, suddenly, as if determined to end them, she went on with the business, heedless of the cries to come forward. The play had always been a favorite, and her acting in it had never failed to move the frequenters of the Re publican, but to-night she put such earnest ness into the part and infused such a spirit into the rest of the company that the piece could scarcely proceed for cheers and ap plause. Leslie had his box on the prompt side of the stage — his wife was by his side and he ?watched the play intently. He was think ing that this would be the last time he would see the girl who strangely interested him, who was so gifted, yet seemingly so friendless and forlorn. She was as it were wrapped in an impenetrable mantle of re serve which her genius threw around her. Several times during the first act he caught her glance; it seemed difficult for either of them to avoid looking. He felt strangely and unaccountably sad and depressed; why, he did not know. Fanny's anticipated de-. parture gave him some concern — they had passed many friendly hours together, and she had been the principal cause of his suc cess as a dramatist. She was now playing his 'first born,' the play he would like better than anything he could write. : The first act concluded, the usual storm of calls and cheers followed, with tbe appearance of Fanny and the actor repre senting Darnton. The second act was a repetition of splendid acting and another suc cession of triumphs for Fanny. At the close of it she was off for nearly an hour till the latter part of the third act. Leslie was sitting in hip box, and turned to walk towards the circle door to have a stroll till the curtain rose again, when the prompter's boy appeared with a few words pencilled on one of Fanny's cards — ' come round for a few moments.' He walked round the front of the house and down the narrow lane leading tc the back of the stage, passed through the door and up the dingy staircase, then along till he came to the 'star's' door. He knocked, and was told to enter, and in a moment he stood before Fanny Hesler — La Belle Ameri caine. 'Well, she deserved the title as she rose and extended her hand. Her bosom was still heaving with the exertion of the 'part,' rising and falling with a regular but rapid motion. Her eyes, always bright and beautiful, now shone with a loveliness that seemed not of this earth. Her cheeks and ? face were stained slightly, but the lovely color showed through the dye, and her lips, ? half parted by heavy breathing, needed no vermilion to make them brilliantly red. Several newspapers layabout, and the hood and, mantle for her disguise were, with; some copies of illustrated papers containing her likeness, on a side- table. She was evir dently excited, f er she rose at his entrance and took his hand in. both here. ' Mr. \ Leslie — Herbert,' she said, 'I sent for you, : I could not help it/' CHAPTER :VIL— NOT IN 'THE BILL.' « Madam,' he said, ' Miss Marshall '— u Call me '.Fanny,'' she broke in pas sionately. il Why should there be any cold conventionality between us? Herbert, I must speak, or iny heart will break. I love you, Herbert-Hlo not start ; for weeks, aye months, my heart has been a raging hell, and I have determined to still it for ever. I speak to. you as an artist. They say I am possessed of genius ; they tell me, even in the public papers, that I am beauti ful ; take my beauty, call my genius your* — for they are yours, as my soul is.' She had been so passionate, so vehement, that he had not been able to prevent the out break; but now she paused, and . Leslie drew himself up. 'I suppose;' he said coldly, but com passionately, 'you have forgotten that I am the husband of a loving and honored wife ?' ' I know,' she cried. ' I am prepared for the homily. You will tell me of the sacred rites of the church, of your duty and devor tion. Spare yourself and me. Herbert,' she went on, advancing towards him, ' hear me ; you are bound to a woman ? ' He held up his hands in deprecation, entreatingly, but she bore him down as it were. . 'It's true; you are bound, tied, .by a mere empty form, to an uncongenial, soul . less being, no more fit to be a helpmate to you than a statue. 'Whjr not break the e-ell ? Why sacrifice' yourself [ arid me ? ome -with-me; To-morrow we will be on the blue waters, ouv souls joined irre-: vocably, our. hearts beating with one emo ' tion, our future assured, nnd a glorious ; career before us,' each, in our' respective : rcles? : '' ? '.-' '?' /; ;' ' '. 'She laid her hand, her beautiful, soft-' j delicate handy on his arm, but he ishook it \ off, not rudely but firmly. : . 'Am I such a monster,' she asked;,: 'that you dread my touch ?. Look -'? atr \ that,' pointing to a well executed portrait' : and florid description bf .her charms in an ' illustrated' .paper: « Bo I realise' that ; description?5' : . ? .'..' . ! ' Yes,' he .said, 'and perhaps' more than' realise -it. But listen. ;. Were you a thouif sand times as loTCly'-^were you a Hpuri of Paradises-had1; you -the genius of eveYy i woman 'who' ever \trod a stage, you' cd^W' ! be 'no' more' td.ine than a friend, for whom,' eince-yqur ftnbappy 'confession, IcbalcLobly' have jJity-^fpr . whdto yI ? could. 'only i .'?' '' /__; '',t '? /v' '? '..''.. ' J/ ' wish better and purer thoughts, and a disV continuance of a passion that degrades' you.' 'No,'7 she answered -defiantly; 'I deny it ; it ennobles me. \ I offer you not a guilty love, an impure passion, but a heart, a com panionship, a release from a thraldom. Fly ?with me, send that woman ? ' He would have stopped her, but she ignored his remonstrance. 'Send her the thousands of dollars I have saved — give her 'all that I possess, and she will console herself. I will give her a V thousand times the price ' at which' she values your genius and talents. I will pur chase you,' she eaid bitterly. 'She was first in the market, and has made a bargain. One weekand she will have forgotten you, and we ? ' ' I will not hear this,' Leslie broke in. ' I should be no man if I allowed you to forget yourself, your sex, your duty, and womanhood by such unhappy and wicked ravings.' ' Unhappy and wicked ? No, Leslie, you mistake me, there is not an impure thought,' she said, ' in my mind. I am only seeking to rescue a life, to release a heart that will be lost to its owner and the world. You are young and do not feel the depression yet, but you cannot live a life of cheerless unappreciated loneliness; you were not made for such a fate. Hitherto I have found that 'life is a lie, and love a cheat ;' you must have experienced the same feel ings even if they were yet undefined ; but together, with you to create and me to em body your creations with life and reality, we shall be famous ; we will take the world by storm, and satisfy the cravings for suc cess and appreciation that are inseparable - from true genius.' ' ' -y She had spoken fast and with force, and now stopped as a counsel who has stated his case, and Leslie could speak without interruption. 'Madam,' he said, impressively and calmly, ' your argument, if I can so term, what you yourself will look back upon at no distant time as raving, is based upon misapprehension, and your premises are as wrong as they must be false and without -^ any foundation. So far from being ' a lonely, uncheered, and unappreciated man, I am a happy, laving, and loved husband, who, bad he the choice of the whole of earth's creatures, would again select the fond wife he possesses.' ' Not true, not true,' she muttered. 'This explanation,' he continued, 'is wrung from me ; I have no need, perhaps no right, to make it; it is made in pity, and Heaven knows I never thought such a feeling for Miss Marshall would ever enter my mind.' ' Have you no other feeling than pity, Herbert ?' she said. ' Any other would be neither manly nor honest,' he answered, 'as it cannot take the form of respect.' ' It is akin to love.' ' More often allied to contempt.' . 'No, no,' she pleaded; 'do not say that. Your indifference kills me, but your contempt would crush me ; the pain and de gradation would keep me alive to endure Ihe agony. Oh, Herbert, think seriously— why should we both be lost? Give yourself to the world, to fame, and to me. You do not know what the effect of a loving, adoring woman and a kindred spirit would have updi you as a writer. - *' Herbert,' she went on softly, and her beautiful hand was on his arm; her face, lovely in its earnest expressiveness, was turned to his ; her appealing eyes were full ^ upon him, not in desire, but with an anguish that was far more seductive — her breath came hot upon his cheek. She thought she was to be victorious. ' Herbert,' she whis pered, and a world of love, tenderness, pas sion, and appeal, was expressed in the word, ' let me save you— break a simple foolish thread that binds you as if it were an iron cable— be true to yourself and your, duty ; such talents as yours are lost here, they will shine with undimmed brightness in the East— %here' genius is appreciated.3': , h :/'' ' ' Calmly and coolly,' without, a quayer in his voice, without acknowledging the syren^ and seeing only the errjirig, misguided wo man, Herbert 'Leslie disengaged, her arrni and said— ... '......'.'. rtMiss Marshall, there' must be an end to this. I am perfectly and thoroughly . con tent with such appreciation as Iiget from the people of my native country. lamias well content with tie love and obedience I receive from my own lawful ahd.dear wife! You, temptress as you are, showfjne'higher honor, larger, reward, and joys ,'which you consider' more than ^quivalept,. '^6 domestic peace and , , h^ilowed^'ipye.'. t may be' blind, Wt I .. ..see ; .nothing to allure meV'eyen: with ' sucij.. a living impersonation of all that is lovely before me,' and he smiled -sadly- ' No,; forget this; be. yourself. .'In the country for which you leave tomorrow— and good ness knows I shall regret/your departure— : there are many noble' and, talented men ; you will forget .this infatuation, which, j W must be modest and call foolishness.' ? ' No, no,' she sobbed, ' never.*1 . ,.i .... 'You will,' he repeated, 'you.wiil laugh at your folly. You tv31 _ write, to your old .friend and. tell him you have bestowed the love and the heart, of which any honorable man may well be proud, on some bright qrnameJnt;'of ' ihe .'world of V letters. All your' ambition, /ybiir desire for fame will be satisfied, and 'some day, perhaps, when I have made a name in this my native land, and with it,enough dollars to take ^, trip to tb£.old 'country, we may meet.' '':.' V. ?-';'. '? V' . '.7' ',..'.. ' *'Never m6re^' shec^«Hef)ieriLe8lie, you spurn me,' '? ''''?', : ?''''', ,- « Not sp^'' he said, v , f :. '' You refuse,- jme^: *You may be tight, but if jyou thinirjaiftt an ordinary, woman with a ia^kadMsfcal preference for a married ; man— a' wickeS^ JuStifjil passion— ~jon are I wrong. ' -My lovitor you jb for your genius and talents/ for your abilities, without which your 'person would be worthless to me. Reconsider your verdict. Ask your : proud heart.' ' , , ; ' .'?!.?'. |.V,' \ -^I'laye no prbii^ heart lam simply an..honbrable. man.' ' * * r ' ' .: „ , .'; V : '« A. miserable ll -unhappy, one, tiei' to ,a Uying.-cqrpse,' ; ' - . .[.''? ~* Sileace,fhe said £.«f 1 wOJ^ot h'pariuch. words. .Had it'pojTjisen that thiB Is the N last timel ;tnay(s^e'. you I would not have '; stayed ^t0 hear your t^e, which' dishonors iw 'both? ; I 'am goinjft' now, aijd. , *rill '. jjftjjj; good bye. 'X.!Wi^^yQu,.af.8afe^y-mg^'i^. prosperous oar^rr^ the dear old land thai. - I ;%ve never seen, but whose associationa,' ' ar£ my dearest treasures;,,and lastly^I wisti. tout f&geffufoess;' of '* fhi9 miserapfe-.rAaJit staddenfofly.' / .-J;; .;/;r ^ '^' T _7;,;. 'Herbert, do not leave me,' she pleaded » biting od her knees. ' Have pity r TwKfie,'he said. 'I am going; shake liifcds.' She rose and extended both her hands, and clasped his eagerly. **See me to-morrow,' she begged, 'or after the performance. There will be afare ?well supper.' ' I shall not be there,' he answered. 'For pity's sake do not leave me like this,' she cried. ' One moment.' At this instant the prompter's boy came to the door,saying, 'The Creole—flats going r across for hist scene.' Fanny opened the third scene. Custom and habit came to her aid. Hastily sh« put on her hood and mantle, and took the avenging dagger. ' You are going ?' she asked. 'Now,' he said. ' Is there no mercy — no consideration for yourself and me ?' i ' You misconstrue the iword.' ' You will still be the slave of a miser able and paltry habit and fashion?' ' An honorable and happy husband.' ' An abject slave who will one day revolt and loathe his thraldom.' ' You misjudge me.' 'You deceive yourself; woe to you when you wake from your -dream— you are drugged with a false sense of what fools call duty and honor.' '? : :. 'I shall not convince you; goodbye.' He turned to go, but she held hLn. 'Great heavens,' she saidj 'fare you really going? I have youth, wealth, beauty — you acknowledge it, and I love you! I worship you ! Leslie-^^Ierbert, say one word, you will see me again ?' ; , 'Never.' ?Zj1 Qnce more.' 'Never — goodbye.' ...... ' Farewell ; give me one kiss.' ' ' Nonsense,' he said. , ' One pure Vi«q, such as you might give . to a mother or the corpse ;of a beloved friend.' He bent down coolly as.if to imprint a kiss on her lips. Recollecting! himself- he drew back, and, taking her hand, shook it K heartily, saying — ' Good-bye, we may meet again under better and happier auspices. God bless you!' She would have detained him, throwing out her hands in despair and entreaty, but he heeded her not, and walked, out of the room and down the passage as deliberately, as firmly, as if .he were leaving the place under the most ordinary circumstances. He passed up the lane into the theatre, and took his seat beside his wife in the box. ? Fanny stood in the passage in her hood ; her left hand grasped the.-, dagger — she leaned againBt the wall for a. moment. The scene-shiftera had their hands on the flats ready to draw them back so as.to discover her in the garden scene. Summoning her firmness, with a. resolute step she walked on. The flats were rapidly -separated, and disclosed La Belle Amerlcaine waiting for Darnton, the planter. This was the last appearance, and. the finish of the play. This one short portion of the £nal act, and the curtain would fall on the most gifted and brilliant actress the Californian public had ever seen. Tluy could not cheer more loudly than they had done, but they threw into their cheers all the enthusiasm and fervor they could. She bowed once only, and gave the sign for i Darnton to come to the assignation. The ^ last act of that drama was long remembered, even for the marvellous performance of the young actress. Our readers will remember that Fanny, ' as the Creole, had to meet her false lover, who was under the impression that she was his new passipn. Art evidently triumphed for the time over her. She could have thought of nothing but her part and Leslie's play. 'What a world of exquisite expression she put into it! She received all the endearments with feigned ' delight,' then turned to the audience and, without a word, showed a. hell of fury and desire for revenge. The house was spellbound; there wias no applause, but a silence, a dead, solemn silence, more expressive than a tornado of cheers. She seemed carried away by her own emotion. The excite ment grew intense ; the lookers-on longed for the end. It was painful to watch the devilish cunning and awful purpose of the deluded woman, maddened by receiving attention and hearing -words of transport addressed to her, but meant for a rival. The cr«at climax came — the sensation cul minated-^she had only to throw off her disguise — to raise, the dagger in the full glare* of upturned lights and avenge herself . Only ihe words, ' 'This for * vou, traitor t' remained to be spoken, but she substituted others. Instead of plunging, the bright dagger .into the heart of Darnton, she ?walked rapidly forward, right to the glaring footlights; gave one look towards the box where Leslie sat beside his wife, raised the dagger on high, and plunged it with a rapid: thrust into her own breast, saying — J ' This stills my aching heart.' - * There was no idea that the action was in 'the part.' The crimson blood flowed ever the white border of the stage into the gas borders, as she fell heavily. A rush was made — no curtain -could be dropped, for she was outside it. The horror-stricken audience jumped to the stage; she was surrounded by an eager throng snouting for a doctor, but she was past all humau aid. She turned her fast glazing eyes towards the box where the innocent' cause of, the tragedy sat spell-bound end powerless; threw upherarms wildly in his. direction— gasped ; ' Farewell i' — and expired. Such -was the end of the bright and. beautiful but misguided and erring woman, known as. ???-* La Belle Americaine.' 