[?] 1 [FIIOH 0T7R; OWN COttUEBPONDBNTj;' ' ' - I , Juno 3. ? The promotion of Mr. Kidgell to the position of'MiL.A. for Gympio has rendered it necea saiy to appoint a newseorotary for tho^Progresrf Association. Mr. Booth has been appointed to fill the vacancy, and at a meeting rccontly held it was deoidod to present Mr. Kidgoll with tho thanks : of tho .mombors for his services as secretary. A testimony Mr. Kidgell has well earned; by hi3 indefatigable, efforts in connec tion with that association. What is poetry ? is a question would-be poets and critics are by no means agreed upon. We have recently had a smart controversy going on in our local journal on the merits and demerits of some verses published by the Rev. M. Maddern, on the subject of the death of Mr. Auschar Chauncy, an artist recently deceased. "Touchstone," an anonymous critic, says he commends the senti- ment, but is unable to find out where the poetry comes in. Mr. Maddern, on his side, con- tends that it is owing to his critic's dullness of apprehension that he cannot see the poetry. I have an opinion that there are a good many more beside Mr. Maddern's critic who are in the same fix. . -Tho Glenmiro Prospecting ? claim haa just givon. a return of over throe and a half ounces to the ton of 300 tons of stone cruahed— thus showing that that claim is not done yet. - , Official life on Gympie haB hfid a little sensa tion- ihfuBed into . it.: this .weet by the advent of Mr. Lukin, the Under Seore TVTinoa w-i'n r.n.mft un to ' ronort m - tho matter of applications for ro lerves and other matters which have been igitatirig the Gympie mind for some timo past, rhe question of granting leases eamo up for lisoussion, during which Mr. Lukin informed, ie- deputation whioh waited, on him that tho approval of tho Warden, undor ? the Gold-fields Homesteads Aot, involved tho granting of a loaso. ,Tliis waB matter of information and surprise to many, the. general .impression being that the 'Warden's ? approval required ratifica tion by tho Governor. Mr. Lukin, however, stated that it was in the power of tho Govern ment-tp resumo tho land after the' lease was issued, hut not before. Another utterance of Mr. Lukin s which did not meet witn general approvui iu. the effect that tho Warden was quite nght not' to bo influenced by what took place at public meetings. Tho Gold-fields' Warden possesses powers, udmihiBtrativo and judicial moro absolute and arbitrary than . any ' other official in tho colony, and Mr. Lukin virtually , tells 'him he is right to exercise those powers altogether regardless of the expression: of public opinibnr Wore-Mr.-Lukiirin tho position of a Goldfields' Warden, and his practico as arbitrary as hie precepts, it-is quite oertam bo ?would tiot be a popular man for any longtu Cx time.' ; ? ? .- * ' A great -ifiaiiy; complaints htivo beon rife:of late as to the difficulty of getting survoy's'of land 'mado ;.pn application, for leases. This has been remedied by a'notico from the'Warden : over wbioh I -have heard no small amount of criticisms; ^ ' ' In ' order 'that', your 'readers may' judge, I will givo them an extractor two, as ;it will supply information as to the remedy, and further exhibit what rfome of, idy friofids term' a choice bit of offiolal ; English.' } ' The num ber of ininlnc: survova now, required to be done will iprevont the Mining Surveyor from doing Goldfields Homestead jSur^eys foi- ;.somo time. . 'Deposit fees forjurvoys will bo. returned when tho survoys aro done by. othor. than the Mining; Surveyor.' Another nqtico. also*, ad* companios this in,whieh the samiv;phrasoology is indulged- in.- J ? ? - '- ? : Miss'Clara StophenBon and troupe ihayp been , hero 'for a few weeks, and have been well patronised by tho local playgoers. On Thurs day last ' Romeo and Juliot' was given and drew a 'crowded house. . ? . i . ^ ? Gympio and Maryborough havo met on the' tonted field of orickot, and after a well ; con- : tested game the Maryborough club carried off the palm of viotory, winning by tkreo wickets. ; Childhen's Feet — Life-long discomfort and sudden death, writes a medical man, often come to ohildron through the inattention or carelissp nesa of tho mothers or nurses. A child Bhould novor be allowed to go to sleep with cold feet ; tho thing, to bo last attended is to see that th'o feet aro dry and warm. Nogleot of this linS often resulted in dangerous attacka of , croup, diphtliepa,. or fatal sore throat... Always on coming from school, on entering tho house 1Jr6m,,'aj visit or errand in raiiiy, muddy, or tlarnp ' feather,- the child should romove itB shopB, and the mothor should horself ascertain whether tho stockings are in the {least damp. If they aro, they should bo tukon off, the feet hold beforo tho fire, and rubbed with the hands till porfeotly dry, and another pair of stockings and anothor pair of.shoes put on. Tho rosoryo shoos and stockings should bo kopt ready for iiso at 4 minuto's notice. ; Speculation. — First City Man: 'Dropped upon anything good lately, Brown P' Sooond ditto : Well, I've insured in tho ' Accidental' and taken twenty rink tickots, and bought a bioy.ol.e!' ' A plater performing tho 67-ojfin'Hamlot' vory ba^ly was much hissed ; tut, after bearing ita good whilo, he- put the hudienoo-in-'gobd ' ?humous by stopping - forward .and saying: ^'.Ladies and gontlomon, ?I ttili'-'oxtromftly sorry that my humble endeavours to please you aro unsuccessful, but if you aro not satisflod I must givo up tho ghost.' 