FATHER FABIAN, . The Monk of Malham Towor. L CHAPTER XLIV. .(PLOTS AND COUNTER PLOTS. Most delicately hour by hour Hecanvassed humane mysteries, \- And trod en silk, as if the -winds Blew his own praises in his eyes, And stood alott trom otner mrnas, In impotence of fancied power. They vent together to the Tower, where Gerard Newcomb was gravely awaiting his sometime superior. He looked up quickly when he perceived Aubrey, and said, "Excuse me, hut my business with Mr. Fabian is urgent and strictly private." "Allow me to introduce myself," replied Aubrey, trying to speak courteously, that he \- might not . heedlessly irritate this subtle emissary of Rome. I am Aubrey Seaton of Southerleigh, and Father Fabian is the oldest friend I have in the world. He seems to have got into some difficulties of late, and I am anxious to help towards a satisfactory arrange ment if possible." Now Gerard Newcomb ' was just a little perplexed, for not yet had the appalling news of Aubrey's perversion reached him. The brother and sister had kept profound silence on the subject of religion during their short stay at Southerleigh, and singularly enough no whisper of the truth had come from over seas. Generally speaking, Rome knows everything, as she well may, having her spies in every quarter, and, when practical and expedient, in every family ! but in this one instance, she was happily caught napping ; and that Seaton of Southerleigh should, fall from the faith was one of the last things she would ever have suspected. So Gerard Newcomb scarcely knew whether he ought to be explicit or the reverse. Seaton of Southerleigh was a man of importance, both as regards his own social position as the sole representative of an old Catholic family, and with respect to his nearness of kin to the young heiress of Seatondale. Aubrey was a person whom he would do well to propitiate, whom, indeed, it might be ad visible to take into confidence, either real or seeming — it did not much matter which ! Still, his orders were very stringent, the utmost secrecy being commanded. He had pledged himself to deal only with Father Fabian, and with the venerable. Dominican at' St. Ulpha's, whom simple people respected as a good, kind, in offensive old man, who never sought to prosely tise, and who was not, after all a strict Roman Catholic. That he was of the order of St. Dominic, and bound by innumerable ties and oaths to the cause of his Church, and that while he appeared to be as harmless as a dove, he vas actually as wise as the wisest serpent, no one ever dreamed ! Gerard Newcomb was in a strait ; he had provided, as he imagined, for every kind of contingency ; but the sudden appearance at such a crisis of Seaton of Southerleigh he had not foreseen, and he could not on the spur of the moment determine on the best course of action. He bowed deferentially, however, to Aubrey, whom he had never in his life seen before. "I beg, your pardon, Mr. Seaton," he replied, suavely. " I feel myself honoured by your presence, and I count upon your judgment in divers perplexing matters of business which have arisen between our dear friend here and myself, as representative of his Eminence ! I need not mention names ; stone walls have ears, and it is always best to be on. the safe side." " I Bhall be very happy to express my opinion on any subject," replied Aubrey, "provided I comprehend clearly the premises, and the whole position of the difficulty. So far as in me lies I am at your service, Mr. Newcomb." "I thank you, Mr. Seaton; it will be an immense relief to share the painful responsibili ties now resting solely on myself, Alas, I have not much wisdom, I fear ! Tho Sacred College has — if I may dare to impugn its decisions — sadly overrated my poor abilities. I bow before Father Fabian's grand scope of mind, and yet sometimes — sometimes you know, Mr. Seaton ! — a little faithfulness is worth a great deal of diplomacy ! I should wish to speak with you alone, sir." With all my heart, if you desire it ; though I cannot see why Father Fabian should be ex cluded ; all that I know he knows, and ten times more, and I should not care to keep any state secrets from him." , Nevertheles, I mustintreat a private audience ; I will not detain you long." "Very well. But we can scarcely asl Father Fabian, in his own house, to leave the f: room." "Iam going elsewhere, " interrupted Fabian, | nervously. " Aubrey it is useless to fence the ft question ; I ' am deposed, denounced, and s — condemned ! I am no longer master here — there sits my superior and my judge. He comes , armed with an authority that I cannot and will if not dispute. . I yield to circumstances — not to j him !" 1 And having thus spoken, Fabian retired, to find Mrs. Darcy watching for him on the staircase. She carried him off, almost by force, to her own quarters, and made him eat cutlets and drink hot coffee, whether he would or not. j She stood over him, and coerced him as if he j were a child, and when he feebly remonstrated J Baid, "Don't tell me ! you are absolutely sink- J ing for want of food. An empty stomach ' j makes a coward and a fool of a brave, wise, man. I You need all your wits, all your energies, all 4 your strength of mind and body to meet the j terrible emergencies of the Hour. You must 5 eat and drink to save yourself ! Why you look i like death. Have you been in the chapel all night?" j "Yes, I felt happier there than elsewhere — the cold did not inconvenience me. " " And I waited for you till two this morning," J she returned, reproachfully, " and kept up a | blazing re> an(l had supper on the table. If | 1 had guessed where you where, I- should have a come to you with a good stiff glass of hot I grog!" _ 6 & ,.i' Athanasia !" remonstrated Fabian, feebly, I I waa kneeling at the' altar." i II I don't care ! you might have been kneelin0 j at ten altars, and I should have come to you with meat and drink, if only some kind angel would have whispered to me of your where abouts, and, what is more, I would have asked God's blessing on it ! There now !" " You are very bold, Athanasia." " I need be, because you are not. I tell you, Fabian, we must fight this out. We are in England, remember, and we cannot easily be murdered, or otherwise disposed of. Even in Ireland I should not consider myself personally safe ; in Italy or Spain I should prepare myself for speedy dissolution, and calmly await my doom. Bat in England, I think, they will not dare to touch our lives, or our liberty! Thank God for English law, I say !" "Amen. But touching myself, Athanasia, I shall not long enjoy the privileges of an English subject. A few days, and I must surrender myself to-the Supreme Tribunal." "There is no must.' There is no Holy Inquisition to Beize, gag, and bear you away in the dead hour of night. In London, perhaps, something might be done in that way ; you could be got down to Dover and across the Channel, under the influence of chloroform — I've known it done, and with very little risk either. But we are too far from the Continent here ; there are too many miles of railroad, too many railway officials and policemen between us and the sea." . " Nay, the sea is close at hand. Good-sized crafts are always in the Estuary. A vessel on a private errand is not bound to start from London Bridge or from Dover Harbour. But I shall go voluntarily." "You will notl you shall not! Are you mad or tired of your life, that you fling it away without an effort ? Once quit British soil, and you know what follows. Or if you don't, I do ! Your destruction is more certain than that of the mouse in the cat's claws. Mice do escape sometimes — the Tribunal's victims never !" " I have received my orders. Here is the document of citation. " Athanasia took the paper, and turned asby pale as she glanced at the contents and at the well- known signature. "That is very bad, worse than I thought," she said, shaking her head ominously. "1 did not know it had come to that. When did this arrive ?" „ It came into my hands yesterday morning, very early, just as I was starting for Seaton Hall. It did not como into my head, at first, that it might be — what it is. And my mind was so full of other thoughts, that when once I had thrust it into my inner pocket I forgot all about it, till after I left the party in the Hall dining-room last night. I went into the oak- parlour to recover my composure after the trying scene through which I had passed, and suddenly remembered the untouched packet.' I opened it, fearing to find some fresh trouble, yet scarcely apprehending the worst. Then I knew that my dream of serving Beatrice Seaton must be relinquished, some other person must hold my office. And who is so fitting as Aubrey Seaton ?" "Your late pupil? the Popish heir, as the people here call him still ?" " The same, but Popish no longer. He has broken his fetters and is free. He has become a Protestant of the most pronounced type.' "Now the saints be thanked !" cried Athan- . asia. "He will be a safe ally, he will protect you. And I tell you what, though I risk my soul in saying it, I am pretty well sick of Rome, myself ! It would not take much to turn me into a heretic : if they push me too far, either in my own person or by ill-using you, see if I don't proclaim myself a Wesleyan Methodist !" " A Wesleyan Methodist ! Athanasia /" "Yes, a Wesleyan Methodist! I'll have nothing to do with the Anglican Church ; it is too much like the Church I quit. It's just a case of mother and child, and the daughter grows more and more like her mother. In a quarter of a century, people will hardly know one from the other. I never could go in for half- measures. If I am not a Catholic, I must be the antagonist of Catholicism. Never mind me ! I think, being in England, I can hold my own, and you are safe if you only assert yourself." " But I must obey the summons ?" "You must not, I tell you ! It is the one thing you must not do ! Once set your foot on Papal ground, and the Queen of England and all her Ministers of State cannot help you. Stay here, and your life is safe." " I am not sure of that ; besides, I care nothing about my life ; I would as soon lay it down as not. If God would call me, I should go with joy." " God's calling and the Cardinal's calling are widely different. I don't wonder you are tired of your life ; I have been tired of mine ever since I was forty ; but dying peacefully by the visitation of God is one thing, and dying of slow tortures, or in fierce agony, another ! I had the martyr spirit in me once, I think, but it left me I don't know how many years ago. If I would die for any one, it is for . you, my kinsman, who are dear to me as my own Bon ; but die for Rome? — no, no, not for the 'Mystery of Iniquity,' for she is that, and no mistake." " Athanasia, I will not condemn you, only take care ! As to myself, there is my oath, my solemn oath, which I dare not break. I have sworn by the living God that I will render im plicit and life-long obedience to our Holy Father the Pope, and the Sacred College, and to the General of the Order of Jesus. And I have invoked the most frightful maledictions on my sonl and body, if ever I faM or falter in that obedience. You know something of that kind of oath, I think ?" "I should think I did, haying taken a few of such oaths myself. Now, listen: I stand -pre pared to break every one of them, and I will trust to God to absolve me. Do you the same. " " I cannot ! I cannot ! I will not close my life in infamy. My career has been steeped in dishonour, it shall not end in perjury. No, Athanasia, it is in vain you tempt me. I have sinned for Rome, now I must suffer by her;- it is only the law of compensation." " If y ou could hope for the barest chance of justice, I would not so dissuade you. If you might be allowed to plead your own cause, to defend yourself against the machinations of your remorseless enemies, I would say, ' Go, and be true to your trust, and prove your loyalty," which I know, if they do not, has never Wavered: Bat to hope for a fair hearing is pure insanity ! No, you shal\ not go out of this country if I can help it. I am only an old woman, but Rome has trained me long and well in her craft of fraud and trickery, and now that Aubrey Seaton is here, I think it may be managed." "What may be managed?" "Never you mind. Brother Gerard will find that it is a case of 'diamond cut diamond.' And now that you have broken your fast, lie down on that sofa, and, if you cannot sleep, rest your weary, tired limbs. Sleep if you can ; I shall not leave you for a moment, and neither Newcomb, nor Damiano,nor that yellow Italian who brought these despatches, shall enter here." Meanwhile, Gerard Newcomb was pouring into Aubrey Seaton's ears the full story of the Malham mission, and its unprecedented failure. I think he lacked a little of that supreme caution and far-sightedness with which his superiors accredited him, for he showed his hand pretty plainly to the heretic of whose perversion he had not the remotest idea. That Aubrey himself had been virtually an accoom- plice with Fabian at the outset he knew well enough ; that Father Eustace still held Bway at Southerleigh he knew also. It never once entered his crafty mind to doubt the firm adhesion of Seaton of Southerleigh. And Aubrey listened, and made few and guarded replies; it behoved him, if he would serve Fabian, whose danger he perceived as clearly as did Mrs. Darcy, not to shut Newcomb's mouth too soon. He must, if possible, know pre cisely the extent of the present conspiracy, and whom and what it menaced. He gained his point, for Newcomb, never suspecting the antagonism of his supposed ally, showed his hand completely, so that Aubrey knew pretty well how he would play his cards. " Then," said Aubrey, when he had come to a clear understanding of Newcomb's meaning, " then the state of the case is this— Fabian has failed in every point of his mission ; theSeaton- dalers will not have Anglicanism ; the General would not have Romanism ; the heiress is, as you say, in heretic hands ; and Seatondale, with all its vast revenues, is lost to the Church, and, as it would appear, lost hopelessly." "You state the case exactly. Thousands have been lavished here, and actually nothing gained. I am not sure even how long we can legally keep our footing in this place. I have looked over the papers which Father Fabian holds, and I find them full of flaws ; he has shamefully mismanaged everything, as you must at once perceive. The truth is, that he is charged with serving his own purposes, rather than the Church whose sworn servant he is ; he must account for the vast sums of money he has expended ; he has had his fling, and now his day of reckoning has arrived. He is cited to appear at Rome, as you are probably aware." "I know ; but suppose he should refuse to obey the summons ? I must confess, if I were he, I should think twice before I adventured myself in the grasp of the enemy. You confess that he has enemies — powerful ones — at the Papal Court. Depend upon it, his destruction is already compassed." "He has no choice but to obey. He is bound by oath to appear before the tribunal whenever he is summoned. And if he refused — why, we must take measures to enforce submission." " That would be difficult in England, would it not ?" ' " Truly, very difficult, but I assure you not impossible. There are ways and means which I am bound not to disclose. It is necessary that Father Fabian should take his trial at Rome, and to Rome he must journey, whether he will or not." / ' " When must the journey be taken ?" : "As soon as possible. It is all arranged at St. Ulpha's. He is to appear before, his Eminence's Chief Secretary early in , the hew" year. Time will be allowed him to prepare his defence afterwards." , , , , "It is useless that he prepare any defence ; once in the. grasp of that tribunal, and he cannot escape." Newcomb thought there, was something rather .odd in Aubrey's tone; but then, he argued, old ties and early associations ..must still bind him in some degree to Fabian's interest ; he did not like to contemplate the humiliation of his former preceptor and friend. Still, Soaton of Southerleigh, as a good Catholic, must not and would not falter when the Church demanded his allegiance, even though a friend and father must be betrayed ! Such little sacrifices no faithful son , of the Catholic Church ever hesitates to make. And had it been Francis Seaton, instead of his son, to whom Gerard Newcomb appealed, that gentle man would not have been doomed to the speedy disappointment which awaited him. "There is only one point on which I am not quite clear in my own mind," resumed Newcomb, "and. that is whether something might not yet be gained if he were permitted to remain .here awhile, a sort of prisoner on parole, as the guardian of the little heiress ?" "Nothing would be gained. By the will of the late General Seaton my young cousin is entrusted to the care of a clergyman of the Church of England ! Now, Father Fabian is not that, and never was that ! He will not be allowed to hold office ; a legal action will be at once instituted against him if he persist in his claim to the guardianship, or so much of it as the codicil leaves him." " That codicil, if I understand rightly, takes the heiress entirely out of the hands of Father Fabian, and leaves only her property at his disposal? Now, nothing can be safely done with that in the present state of affairs. But how in the world is it known that Fabian is other than an Anglican ?" "It has long been suspected. And I myself was the person who plainly confirmed the sus picion. By this time the news has spread far and wide. I doubt not ; those whom it most concerns know positively, and from my own lips, that Fabian is a Jesuit ." " From your lips'! My dear Mr. Seaton, forgive me ! But how could you be so im prudent ? Such an admission is utter ruin to our cause. What is to be done now ?" " I would seriously advise you to make haste and skedaddle." "What is 'skedaddle'?" " I beg your pardon ; I have learnt so many Yankeeisms, I forget to whom I use them. Well, then, in plain but inelegant Englinli, make yourself scarce as rapidly as you'ean." 'Mr. Seaton, you are laying yourself open to the gravest imputations ! You are behaving as if you were not a friend, but an enemy !" "And Rome' 8 enemy I am. Iam her most determined foe, for I know her for the mother of abominations, filled with lies, and drunk with the blood of the saints. If I had doubted this, your admissions during our conversation would have proved to me how just is the esti mate I have formed of her whom I once called my mother Church." "Are you then a heretic?" cried Newcomb, all aghast, trembling with emotion, and turning deadly pale. " I am a Protestant Dissenter. You can call me ' heretic ' if you choose. From your lips it is rather a compliment than otherwise." " Good God ! And I have shown all my heart to the renegade, the traitor!" muttered New comb, terribly disconcerted. " Sir, you have acted a most dishonourable part ; you are worthy to be an apostate." "I have only used a little of your own ' discretion ;' I have not lied to you; I have simply heard your statement, and I have asked ' a few necessary questions. Think of the great lie that has been daily acted here for more 'than six years ! Think of the falsehoods uttered to the dead and to the living ! You forget that I am of Rome's breed ! Oh, I was well tutored ! I would acorn to turn her own weapons against her, for I will not defile myself with lies, and frauds, and abominable treacheries. Sir, I have only allowed you to speak first; I have only treated you to a very mild specimen of the ' 'diplomacy' you so zealously advocate. But ' take comfort ! I shall not use against you: the information I have thus received further than to lay my own plans so as to circumvent yours. Father - Fabian must leave Malham ; but he must not, shall not, appear before the tribunal of the Sacred College." " Father Fabian will do as he is commanded, , for you cannot loose him from his oath ! Mr. Seaton, I wonder thatyour sainted father does not rise from his grave to curse you — the pervert, the recreant !" " I should bo very much astonished if ho did!. Do not trouble yourself to get up 'a ghost for my benefit, for Iam in the habit of shooting ghosts whenever I meet them." "You are a very dreadful person, Mr. Aubrey Seaton." "Is that your ultimatum? Very well? I - cheerfully acquiesce, and, having mutually ex plained ourselves, I think I will wish you - a good- day. I am famishing for the want of some - breakfast, though I did have some bread and milk in the housekeeper's room at Seaton Hall. She ' informed me that the mdnu here was excellent. - Father Fabian is nominal master so long as he ' remains, I suppose ? I shall at once trespass on ' his hospitality." ' Leaving Mr. Newcomb to his own reflections,- Aubrey went in search of Fabian. He found ; Mrs. Darcy, who had coffee waiting for him, ' but he did not find his friend. " Where is he ?" asked Aubrey, when he had satisfied his hunger. " He is safe, Mr. Seaton, at present, I wish I knew whether I might trust you." " I wish I knew whether I might trust you, Mrs. Darcy." "That you may. But tell me, is it true, that you have turned heretic ?"- ' - ; " As true as truth itself ; and though I think ' Father Fabian is only reaping that whioh - he ' has sown, I want to serve him— to save Mm ! He is, I'm convinced, in imminent danger." , " He is in the extremity of danger. But for ' a few hours I think I shall baffle his -perse- 1 cutors; Brother Gerard will goad him on to the- ! death, if he can; just now, however, I am - more. than a match for him. " " But where is he ?' ' " Safe under lock and key. I gave him -a dose in his coffee. When he grew sleepy, I per suaded him to go upstairs ; and he was so worn out with actual fatigue, and so stupified by the drug, that, he went unresistingly where I wanted him to go. Long (ago I found out a secret nook in this old Tower; it just holds a small bed, a chair, and a table. He is fast asleep there, and he will sleep till this time to morrow. Only he and I know of this place ; I am certain Newcomb has no idea of its existence, -though he knows of the subterranean - dungeon below." ! " But you cannot keep Father Fabian |there, r in this secret room, for any length of time." " No, and. I might be trapped myself. You must aid me. To-morrow you must, on some - pretence or other, procure, or appear to procure, ' an order for his arrest." ( To be continued. ) .The Morality of Betting.— Writing of Melbourne Cup performances "Atticus" says — The ring for once has had to disgorge to the publio. If half the stories that are afloat are - true, some of the large bookmakers must be very much nearer the "bursting up" point than the large estate holders. £40,000, £25,000, £20,000, and £15,000 are among the amounts that rumour credits four of the fraternity with having lost ; and it is said that the disaster to the Ring would have been still more severe if Savanaka had been just three- quarters of a length in advance at the finish. Still, I have the most thorough belief in the bookmakers ultimately retrieving their losses. A few indi- . viduals may have suffered severely this time, but it will be for the permanent good of the profession. Every pound that will be paid away r on settling day will find its way back to the pockets of the professionals with compound ' . interest added ; and the lamb is only fattened this year that it may be skinned and eaten next. 1 There was more money on this Cup than on any previous occasion ; it does not need a prophet to foretell that the increase will be in a greater proportion next year, and that th8 publib will not pull out of it as well as they have Just done. If all men were to bring their misfortunes together in one place, most would be glad to take his own home again, rather than take a portion out of the common stock. .. Few people look on any object as it really is, but regard it through some fantastic prism presented by their own prejudicies, which invest it with a false color. 