Topics. WE hope it is notto ^ much to a: K the Govern, mi nt to be goo'l enou h to red. em an old promise—a better provision for po tnl business at Moonta Mines. We will not call the pre-cnt an'omoilation simply "disgraceful." as thai adjective has been pretty well svorn out In connection with this 5it tie srntrv-box; but, anv similar term—if any. ihiiiifa i rifle m,pie fore ful. may he employed, and would be perfectly justifiable. inhabitants of Wallarnu are to be commended for ikeir earnestness in relation to the K idina and Wallaroo Railway. Thej exhibit a public spirit and general unanimity amonu themselves wli ch is utterly ivantint; at other place-;—say, for example, Moonta. In tiie latter place, if a lead is given, so far from meeting support and sympathy, it has exactly the opposite reception : it oecoices the signal for wr^ijcling, division and opposition. The refill is that whilst Wa1|aroo and Kadioa also have a fair pro-pcctot c m- in_ r well to the froin, and being piosperons thr. u;-h ihe the atiention paid to their wants, »vith more population in its town and suburbs than both the other places combined pos-ess, Moonta is falling completely into the [ background. I'hereis literally no verve no '"go - ' i 1 n the Moonta folks. The m .j rity are con- • tent to spen l th ;ir time in growling their di-^atisfaction at things as they are, without I making the slighte-t attempt to put them on ! the footing they ought to be. This may be frictional but is is wholesome. THE editor of the iVa'/aroo Times has -over us a sm:irt'y-wi iften •• sub." in which Mr. El enezer Wiri's affection for foundation-stones, and Mr. O.iwan's faithful caninelie attachment to Ebenezer are charmingly depicted. Anent the lat er he says— Those who have time out of number noticed this touching trait in Mr. Cow .n's character, have perhaps wondered when and w ail his patient services were to be requited. This indeed, it was not ca-^y to nvigine. A loundation-s'one ha- however -olved the difficulty, and Mr. Cown i- at la*' r varile.l. We cin im igirn- the secret glow of pride Mr. Co .van must have expeiiericed when, standing silver trowel in hand in the midst of liis con-tituency, he heard Mr. Ward sny that he felt great p-eas"re i- stating that Mr. C iwan's career in Parli • • iieiit. althou-r abiicf one, 'iad been mo-i • •redi'ahle t" him and to the district that lnlepresentd. Whatever critics and cynic-;' " ight say to the contrary, it was such men as Mr. C >wan who understood the wants ot the pe. p'e. and wiio came out from th • anks to represent them, hat effected the greatest good to thir constituencies, and •vcjie a ciedit to the Parliament of South Au-tralia" . . . Hi< humble following f Mr. Warn has entailed upon him riutieof a m"st laborious <haiacler, and the mental strni.i must have been «reat. Patieni Iv VI r. Cowan learned a I the le>sons whiiM hihero grai 1 na 1 ly in«t illed into hi"» mind, anrl doggedly he repeated them when the h mr had cume. When Mr. Ward could noi attend puhlic tea or mee'ing Mr. Cowan •went instead, and manfully repeated his lesson. If will be remembered that Mr Cowan perfotmed this painful duty at Ka> ina, on the occasion of the dinner held in connection with the Show, a'd his audience sympathised with him when he pulled a j ke of Mr. Ward's out of his waistcoat packet and gloomi v fired it off without evoking the ghost of a smile or the echo of a laugh. These are duties from which less daunt ess men would have sliiunk. And now that Mr. Cowan has reaped his reward, theie will be none to grudge it to him. Soothed an I comforted by the public laudation of his chief. Mr. Cowan can n -w retire into priva'e life sati-fied that his labours ha' e not been in vain. As ab=urd rumor wis pas-ing from mouths to ear ali round this locality yest.erdav, to the effect that Mayor Scott's election had cost him £20.000 1 We do not think this possible unless Mr. Scott is very much more of a fool, and the Adelaide people greatei rogues than we take him and them to be. I it costs 20.000 pence to get into the Civic Chair of Adelaide it is a great deal more 'han tlie honor and trouble are worth ; and anything over that sum w uld Vie v-ry bad- 'y invested. It is time that there was a reform in municipal clpction matters; and we woul 1 not dare to affirm that it is not al o needed in reference nl=n to Parliamentaiy selections. £20.000 1 A man with that -u e ought to be content with retirement and a life of piivate beneficence. THE T encher —a paper p ofesiing to be the exponent of the view- and feelings of the class whence it derive-; its name,—is responsible for this following :— B"fore education wis made free, secular and compulso'v. the clergvmen of Victoria ns a rule, took verv liitle interest about thp r- ligious teaching in schno's. A clergyman • a- content to s Ce that the lambs of hi" Flock a'ten-ted Sunday School and contributed t eir wci k'v pennies to the missionary Kix. but in the dav school ihe "gentleman of t e <•]. >t h" was '-con^tiic'ious bv hi-; absence " his visits being so laie that thev were g.-pnially red-lettered bv the teacher iving li s s • lo'ars -i. 'lalf-holi I iv. No v that religion is vetoed in Sta ( e schools, the clergy of Bi'larat have smddenlv found out that one <iay in seven is not sufli -ient for the re'igious education of the young. They have a'so discovered that the proper places for hib ical instrncti .11 are the State schools hui't for "purely secular' purposes. The Board of Advice bas go lessly declined such to be used for thf~ purjiose and the cler -y nen are wroth the;-at,. In this acti n th- Board has our heartiest, commi-ndntinu. The'' 1 i- a place for evcrvthing. L"t the Word of God he taught hy the ministers bu —let it be dor.e in the House of (in 1. RKFEttTUVG to the ree.-nt, withdrawal of the Rev. Thomas James from tlie Wesleyan Church, the Melbourne SpectafO' say^ :—Mr- James hv universal confes-i .n is a preacher, in his best moods, of urvivalled power, and a writer of rare genius and grace. An orator of nobler and more commanding presence has seldom <tnod in the pulnit. and who rer has seen hi kindle under the inspiration of great thought, and has heard the ro'l of majestic speech in which that thought has been ut'ered—speech which has swept onward with the tread of an army on its march, and in which sentence rose ab >ve sentence n b!ood--tii riug c'imax. like the climbing peak-- of a great mountain range piercing the starry dc'p of h iven wi'h ever loft'e heights : .whoever has heard this has felt something of t;ie overmastering spell of true oratory. The resignation of Mr. James is a loss of no ordinary magnitude to us, and we have no one left who will fill hia precise place. "A CHUECHMVS" writing to the Stand <rd on the appointment, of a Wesleyan M'thodist to a mastership at St. Peter's College, Adelaid", a-kson whom the respon-ibilify . f such an appointment rests ? The last sentence in his letter reads thus .—Is it not because there is no God in the Church of England that, they hare sent messengers to enquire of the deities of t he Wesleyan M :th 1- dist! Ifso.it is poor Ciurdi of England, as well as' poor S. Peter's." THERE is no questi 11 ahoyt it l >ut, that the electric telegraph is respnusib e for a good deal of levelling up. In the "good old times" men with capital and brains could alone make anything like headway in commerce ; hut now mere mushrooms may speculate. through the agency of the telegraph and the news which comes in daily, honr'y momentarily, pretty nearly on equal terms with the old establishe I merchant. The question is—What will all this lead to a Will trade be less healthy,soun i, an 1 reliable or will there be reater swindling and fraud •>.s a result, of this wi ler mirgiu now allowed for risky dealing ? It will be sad if the practical outcome of a great discovery is that as a people we are less holiest and Jess moral I ' 