Eg , GERMANY. M ? A TRIBUTE OF PRAISE. ; . - ? ' A Lutherian minister in Germany thus ? eulogizes the Catholic clergy : ' Gregory VII. knew well what he was doing when with inexorable severity he en forced the law of celibacy among the clergy. '.'.'., The very life of the Roman Clinrwh is a con tinual struggle, and it is but natural that the priests have to bear the bruat of the battle. xo waai an extent; somierts wuu -uu nob uouuu by the ties of wifo and children surpass their married comrades in courage and disregard of death is well- known. We have only to behold modern Roman priests to realize how well Gregory was acquainted with the nature of the Church and how skillfully lie ruled it. ?; The host of Catholic priests is a host of heroes. They are carrying on the straggle imposed on them by the exigencies of modern times with a valour and intrepidty that re minds us of the old Roman legions. The wo?ld looks aghast upon these men whom no power can move to do anyihing contrary to ihe law of their Church. They suffer them .seives to be driven from office and livings, to «be harassed by bailiffs, to be cast into prisons, but, unshaken, tbey persevere; and, driven ,a way today, to-morrow they are again ai their posts. They are priests, they are -warriors, they are true men. It is not the ' least advantage of the Roman Church 4hat so many warriors can be found within her fold. It may be six months now since we heard of the fearful disaster to a French ship which, being run through by a Spanish steamer, sunk within ten minutes, with all on board. While the waves came streaming into the ship, and the unfortunate passengers and crew, roused from their berths, 'were running about on deck in wild confusion, some praying, others gazing about in dumb despair, othera weep ing, a Catholic priest was seen hurrying from one group to another promising to all who had a sincere sorrow the forgiveness of their sins In the name of that God before whose tribunal they were all no soon to appear. Glorious type of a true priest ! Praise your generals who in the rage of battle expose their breasts to the enemy's bullets ; praise your statesmen who calmly look at the pistol levelled at their head by the assassin. Before such a hero they must fade into insignifi cance. Where all have lost their senses he alone remains calm. When all are terrified by the presence ot death, he, with a firm hand, points to heaven, offering life to the dying* Among a hundred clergymen of the Evangelical Church, perhap3 one like such may be found. Yet we Evangelical pastors are great in words, and who that would listen to our words spoken in private circles could have but the highest idea of our cou rage? Any one present at our conferences would stare amazed at our devotedness. But if words are to be converted into actions — if we are called upon to shield with our bodies the standard which we have so proudly unfurled— we are prostrated, and ouv courage vanishes like smoke. There are wife and child and anxious friends imploring, holding us back. The Catholic clergyman . knows that God has placed realities in his hand, but wo have only to deal in words. Rhetoric has overgrown everything with us. We are preachers but not priests. Many noble characters among us have been driven by thin evident contradiction between the idea! ot the Church and the clerical omcc and the reality, into the bosom ot' the Catholic Church. Nor can we blame them.' BISMARCK AND THE HOLT WELL. (Nation, 9th December.) The little village of Marpingen, in the new German province of Lorraine, has been the scene of an occurrence which has occa sioned considerable excitement in the neighbourhood, and which bids fair to dis turb the slumbers of even the Man of Iron. The circumstances ot tiie event are briefly these :— In the month of July last three of the village children professed to have witnessed an apparition of our Lady. She appeared to them, they said, in a little wood close by. They moreover declared that the spot where the vision occurred was marked by the appearance of a miraculous well. Of the latter part of their story there was little room for doubt. At any rate it was true to this extent — that in the place indicated a spring of bright pure water was found bubbling forth, where certainly no spring had been known before. Naturally, the affair became the talk of the village, and gradually got noised abroad. Naturally, too, there were some found who discredited the narrative altogether, while others firmly believed in the sincerity of the children and in the reality of the vision. At any rate there was no gainsaying the sudden appear ance of the well, for there it was. By -and bye, it gave evidence of its miraculous origin by the cures which were worked through the agency of its waters. Its fame spread rapidly, and it soon became a plaec of pil grimage, whence people flocked from the surrounding neighbourhood, and from more distant places, either through devotion or curiosity, or from a sense of need. Such en unlegalized event could nots of course, escape the lynx-eyed myrmidons of Bismarck. And now comes tne Irishman on the scene, in the person of a Mr. Mar- low, by birth a Corkman and by profession a journal ist, and just now foreign correspondent of the New York Herald. Such, at least, was the account given of himself by a plausible and officiously sympathetic gentleman, who one fine day took up his quarters in Mai'pin gen. Without much difficulty he worked himself into the good graces of the simple villagers, and became intimate even with the priest and the schoolmaster. Information as to the incidents of the alleged miracles were freely communicated to him. He be came acquainted with the little children who had been favoured with the vision, heard its history in detail from their own childish lips, took copious notes of everything, as became an accurate correspondent, and then disappeared — the simple people meanwhile rejoicing in the thought that the story of the graces vouchsafed to their poor little village was edifying? their brethren on the great continent of America. A sad disappointment, however, awaited them. ^ Mr. Marlow soon after re-appeared, but this time as his own proper self, Von Meerscheidt Hullessem, of the secret police, Berlin. Under his directions, visita to the miraculous well were prohibited, and the little wood occupied in a military sense by the gendarmes. Attempts were made to bring the well itself under the power of the law. It, however, declined to submit ; and when it was stopped up in one place, its liberty-loving waters found an opening into fcho bright sunshine ekewhere. And so it goes on, bubbling up and flowing away, Prince Bismarck to the contrary notwith^ standing. Its utter want of respect for police regulation seems to have displeased the authorities not a little. If they could not dry up the spring, they determined to pre vent the people using its water, the posses sion of which they have constructed into a legal offence. Hence, under the guidance of i ' the dreadful Irishman ' (as the villagers call Von Meerscheidt), domiciliary visits have been instituted for the capture of the miraculous water. The story so far exhibits a piece of tyranny which would be absolutely loathsome were j it not so ludicrous. Worse, however, re- i mains to be told. The three children (the eldeot of whom is not yet nine) are accused and, without any trial, condemned for the crime of conspiring to deceive, and arp marched off and impounded in a kind of Protestant reformatory at Saarbruken. The poor schoolmaster is disgraced for aiding and. abetting the deception, the Kev. Father Sonesdu is imprisoned for actively propa gating it. Ouv readers might well be pardoned if they imagined for a moment that the fore going must be merely the rough outlines of a Christmas tale. It certainly does sound unreal as an occurrence of the nineteeth century of personal freedom, jmd in a land which aims at a lofty ideal. We had heard enough, indeed, of the high-minded tyranny of Bismarck, but were hardly prepared for such a specimen of low, mean, pettifogging espionage, and childishly vexatious persecu tion. The whole circumstances of the story | have been investigated on the spot, and laid before the Gc3rman Parliament by Prince Raziville, himself a member of the Parlia ment, and a priest. The subject will soon come on ior discussion beiore che whole House, and we shall, then see how the ts magnanimous, noble, and deep-seeing' Prince Bismarck'will defend himself against the proven charges of playing the spy in order to entrap unwary villagers, kidnap children, and outrage individual rights. la it possible that ' the man of blood and iron' sees in the vision of Marpingen a spectre of that supernatural order which he is credited with denying, and which he has certainly ignored r lie has done more than any living man to strangle Catholicism and uproot all devotion to the Mother of God. And can it be that in his highest prosperity the ghost of his victim shall cross his path, and render his remaining days unhappy ? The great man's peace to be disturbed by three little children and a spring well ! Not if the unscrupulous power of an imperious states man can prevent it. That simple well may, in the end, turn out to be as the little stone of old which was cut out of the rock without hands ; it may match itself against a great empire, and may subdue it. Meanwhile, Bismarck has to answer for this new proof of his magnanimity to the outraged sense of justice of his own country, and, we hope, of the civilized world. 