©he Jtatlup Straus. FRIDAY, APREL 6, 1877. By reading the Teports of Health Boards we find that in every centre where a number of people have con gregated active measures are being taken to improve the sanitary condi tion of the place. The various Local! Boards of Health were appointed to] do a work that was required, and1, which could not be done effectually without local machinery. But it must strike those who look at the question of sanitation thoughtfully, that notwithstanding all the efforts made to promote health the vital sta tistics show that disease is abroad, and that it is doing its work with alarming rapidity. While we boast oi our sunny and healthful clime we are apt to neglect the precautionary measures essential to the continuance of a pure atmosphere. Certain accumulations have been removed since the appoint ment of Health Boards, and surface appearances may indicate a better state of things; consequently favorable re ports are made, till the people are almost persuaded that everything has been done in a sanitary way to pro mote longevity. We could wish that such were the case in reality; but in many towns it is not so. We have frequently referred to Clare and its defective drainage with the hope of awakening a deeper interest in sani tary matters. Again we feel compelled to touch on the subject, as we are of opinion that some radical reform must be speedily effected, otherwise Clare will become a hot-bed for the spread of disease. We had hoped that the health Inspector would ere this have reported on certain nuisances which are endangering the health of the resi dents ; but having failed to do so. we ' feel that we would be shirking a public duty were we keep silent on the sub ject. We wish to call special attention to the site of the Clare Cemetery. It is on the south-west side of the town, in a gully, with rising ground on three sides, while there is a watercourse leading from it to the reserve on the Hutt .River near the centre of the town. Most of the graves are on sloping ground in close proximity to the creek, and during the late rains the water from the high ground filled the graves, and the overflow ran into the creek and spread over most of the allotments on the west side of the the town, filling many of the wells. What can be more prejudicial to health than the whole of the drainage from the Cemetery flowing into the town and saturating all the low- lying ground. The soakage from the graves has filled the holes in the creek; the water looks dark and putrid, and a very slight shower would carry that liquid accumulation into the town, and the water is frequently used for domes tic purposes. The state of the creek during the past few days has convinced us that if the present cemetery is kept open matters will become worse every year. We are aware that the Local Board of Health has no control over the Cemetery, as it is outside the town; but seeing that the soakage from the graves is deposited within the cor porate boundary something should be done to remedy the evil. In a sani tary point of view the Cemetery could not be in a worse place, and by bury ing the dead there the health of the living will be jeopardised to a greater extent than if the burying places in the town had been kept open. Then Inspector of Cemeteries should be asked at once to visit this local necropolis, and take action to prevent the spread of disease. There is only one way for the water to flow, and the only course is to choose a better site for a public cemetery and close the present one. There is something really alarming in the fact that the whole of the drainage from that bury ing place should flow into the town and be deposited on the low ground. The inhabitants while thinking they are inhaling pure air may be taking into their system a deadly poison. If no action is taken serious results will be sure to follow, and a stir will be madia when it is too late. We were not aware until recently of the liquid impurities which flowed into the creek we have referred to, and an inspection must convince any one that we are not referring to this matter on other than sanitary grounds. Should any conta gious disease break out in this neigh borhood, and the victims be interred in the Cemetery, where in wet weather the water flows from the lower side of the graves along the creek we have mentioned till it reaches the masses of the living, what would be the result ? As effect follows cause, so in this the effect would be most disastrous and fatal. ■ Horse Accident.—On Easter Monday J. Paterson, the rider of Mr. Crabb's horse Doctor at the Burra races, was thrown while running' up the straight, and had his collar-bone broken. The horse is a remark ably quiet one, but we believe the youth allowed the spurs to touch the sides of the animal, and lie became unmanageable. Smallpox—The immigrant ship British Enterprise reached the anchorage at Port Adelaide on Wednesday, and considerable alarm was felt when it was reported that there were several cases of smallpox and measles on board. Seven persons had died of the former, disease during the voyage, and three of the latter. There are some cases still on board, and the vessel has been placed in quarantine. Ecclesiastical.— St. Mark's Church, Penwortham, will be recpened on next Sunday afternoon at 3 o'clock by the In cumbent, the Rev. R. IB. Webb, M.A. It will be seen by advertisement that all those who are desirous of obtaining regular ser vices in the church are invited to attend, j The Elections.—The voting at the I Town Hall, Glare, on Thursday for six I gentlemen to represent the country in the j Legislative Couneil was gone through very quietly. Out of 430 electors only 60 had voted up till mid-day. During the after ' noon things looked a little livelier. The t farmers drove into town with their traps, ' and the householders from the neighboring ' townships repaired to the booth, many of ! them being at a loss who to vote for, and [ they sought the opinion of those who were ' on the look out to render their services I gratuitously. Some would-be politicians i were speaking loudly in praise of their favorites, while they denounced the others as incompetent to act as representatives of the country. The total number who voted in Clare was 184. English NEWS.-^London telegrams in the Adelaide dailies state that the Am bassadors have signed the Protocol at the Foreign Office. Lord Derby declared that its validity was dependent on peace being signed with Montenegro and the disarming of Russia and Turkey. Count Schouvaloff, the Russian Ambassador, announced that Russia would consent to demobilize her forces and receive an envoy from the Porte to negotiate for a mutual disarmament pro vided that Turkey signed a peace with Montenegro. The Turkish Ambassador stated that his Government were disposed to disarm and execute the required reforms. The Times and the Goverment organs ap prove the action taken, but dwell on the uncertainty of everything, much depending on the sincerity of Russia.—The Daily News ridicules the estimate of the revenue at £78,565,000. Pjsxxy Theft.—On Saturday evening last, while a farmer from Blyth Plains was making some purchases at Messrs. Sband & ; Eraser's establishment, Clare, several articles were stolen from his buggy, which was in front of the store. As yet the thief has escaped detection, but it is to be hoped that the theft will be traced to the guilty person, • and that punishment which such conduct merits will be inflicted. The Cmcus.—Messrs. Burton & Taylor's company performed in Clare on Tuesday evening last to a very large audience, who seemed highly pleased with the entertain ment. The troupe have added to their number since their last visit here in the persons of Messrs. Hayes, Benhamo, and ! Zebrediah, who have been specially selected ; in London, and they are a great acquisition to the company. As an equestrian Mr. Hayes is really clever, and as an acrobat he has few equals. Mr. Benhamo is an acrobat and clown of no mean ability, and it is quite natural to him to be comical, putting in the shade the general run of clowns in these days. Zebrediah appeared in one or two acts with Benhamo, and the way in which he displayed his skill was wonderful, balancing himself on any part of Benhamo's body as easily as moat persons can on the ground. Mv. Gilham appeared as the courier of St. Petersburg and in several other characters, and acquitted himself well. The horses are well trained, and the different riders gained for themselves loud and frequent applause. Mdlle. Rosierre is a graceful equestrienne, and went through her part iu first-class style. The Japanese juggler performed some clever and enter taining tricks. The acrobatic members all did their best to please, and every one went away satis6ed. The entertainment con cluded with the oft-repeated " Dick Tropin's ride to York." On Wednesday night the programme was slightly altered. The clowns were as witty as ever, and the riders were loudly applauded for their daring feats of horsemanship. The whole concluded with a farce entitled "The Clown's Ghost," iu which Benhamo created great amuse ment by his comic acting. The attendance was good, though not so large as on the previous night. Racing Item.—A match took place on the Burra course on Wednesday last be tween Mr. Quiniivan's Killaloe and Mr. Dempsey's Spartan, weight for age, for £50 a side, which resulted in a victory for the former horse. Public Meeting.—On Thursday, the 29th ult., a public meeting was held at the Narridy Hotel to adopt some means of get ing the road from South Guinare to Crystal Brook placed on the schedule of main lines. Upwards of 40 persons were present, who appeared deeply interested in the matter. The Chairman, Mr. Grace, said the road was 16 miles long, and he was of opinion that they would get what they asked for if they brought the matter before Government in a proper way. Mr. H. Brice proposed—" That it is desirable that steps be tahen to have the road from South Guinare to Crystal Brook placed on the schedule of main lines." He showed that the road was used by farmers in several hundreds for taking their produce to market. Taking the average of last sea son's wheat at six bushels, about 7,00 tons of grain would have to be carried along the road in question, and that alone justified the meeting in making the demand. Mr. Gale, on seconding, remarked that the road was the principal feeder to the Crystal Brook railway. An amendment was moved— " That steps be taken to get a sum of money placed on the Estimates for making the road," but there was no seconder. The motion was carried. Mr. T. Roberts pro posed—" That a memorial be prepared to present to Parliament that the road might be placed on the schedule of main lines." If the road was kept in good repair he was of opinion that it would be a saving to them of Id per bushel in callage. Mr. J. Porter seconded the motion, which was carried. A resolution was also carried—" That the members for the district be requested to present and. support the memorial." The de sirability of having Narridy declared a polling-place was then considered, and reso lutions passed to that effect. It was agreed to prepare a memorial on the subject to present to the House of Assembly, and also to form a Committee for that purpose. Nabbow Escape.—Our Yongala corres pondent, referring to the floods, says:—At Yatina the water came down with such force that it completely overturned a trap driven by Mr. John GartreU, his wife being also with him. The accident occurred in front of the hotel, and had it not been for the strenuous efforts of the townsmen they would have been drowned. Mrs. Gartrell was rescued on horseback. The horses and trap were not recovered till next morning. Accident.—On Wednesday, while the masons were at work at the Commercial Hotel, Clare, the scaffolding suddenly gave way. Two of the workmen fell with the timber and stone, and were considerably bruised; but, fortunately, no bones were broken, and they were after a short time able to resume work. 