THIS ELECTION; (To iht Editor of the Bemlino Advtvtiw,) I Sir,—Tile election is over, and tlio representa tive 'institution of the leaning colony of tho golden : Auatralias is complete.—as to numbers certainly—but mirely it cannot ■ be >Baid to characteristically represent tho intelligence or respectability of tho colony: Those nro eoma of its component elements:—Insolvency, fivo instances (0110 uncertificated); (no who but a few years, since followed tho occupation of a nightman; another who was, within tho last decade, tho leading spirit in a Peter Funic auction-room; ona who, while in the House on a formor occasion, promised .i'.'iO to the charities by way of a sin-offering, but never paid it; one who came • bo fora tha electors with charges of social irre gularity, or worse, hanging over their heads. Mora th.-l" One confirmed drunkard, two «>f wliom are ao pronounced in their infirmity that they admit it, and did their peccavi before their constituents. Gamblers, blacklegs, notorious evil liver.i, and aomc who have hcon condemned to have an itching palm, and indeed nearly nil > that could have laid any claim to legislative ability or exporic.nce, r.cein to havo boon ex cluded. r The only bslru that I can find in this particular Giiead is that there is only tine Gaunson and no M'Kcan. I sympathise with "Mr. Speaker," bo ho who he may be, who will figuratively sit with the Berry ctim rabble pialol'at'his ear' during the '.session, and will bo dragooned into passive acquiescence with that party." , There. is, ono - consolation;; thcro > is -no cohesion .amongst thsnv the Treasury is to bo looted, and, like ;tho:Gornish. clergyman on tho occasion of "a wreck" being announced, each will cry out' for a-"fair nfcart" for' the: Minis terial benches and the loaves and fishes of offices, -and while they nro sqabbling for their chare of the plunder, tho most gifted country in tho world "must sit in sackcloth and • ashes. However, there are a !b\y .honorable. men left in the House, but it is to be feared their.influence will uot leaven the lump, and it seems to 1110 that parliamentary chaos is come—or coming again 1 rtiul the abiders of law and- order who really desire the progress and prosperity of the colony have:Kood ground for grief and alarm.— I am. etc:, ■ AN UNREPRESENTED CITIZEN. I7th Mnj. (To the Editor qf the Ut.mligo A'Uvrtixer.) Sir,— Looking over the very full and carefully compiled (synopsis of the voting at the l.ito elec tion, shows, I think, the advisability of making it compulsory, that every voter should rote up to his full voting jioirer, that would bo, in the nbovo oase, voting fi>r three candidates, instead of which; the (statement furnished shows. 376 plnmpert and -173 who only voted for two can didates, nnd thus, no doubt, tended to bring «limit, a rosnlt hnrdlv exnccted. ELECTOR. , The Colokiks axd, Wak.—:The following canard nppeaml in tho Southland(A1'.Z.) Tim-ani May 1 :—"The Thnarti lit,raid in a lender thin m'oriiing states that tho Governors of tho Aus tralian colonies have received instructions from tho Secretary of State .is to their conduct in the caso of Great Britain being involved in war. They arc directed to resist any attack as far as possible, but if lcsistance is impossible, then to comply with tho requisitions' made by the enemy, the Empire undertaking to repay sums thus levied." i Kii.lkd by a Theshixg Mac hi.vr..—On Mon | day (says the IFeslern Examiner) news reached Bathnrst that a fatal accident'had occurred in connection with Peacock's threshing-machine while working at Dovey's Creek, near tho Lagoon. The only particulars to hand are that a young man named William Norbury, son of Mr. Norbury, of Apsloy, about eighteen years of age, was employed withtho machine. While feeding tho machine he slipped through the opening, when, sad to relate, his leg was torn off from tho thigh.' Messages were at once dis patched :to Hockley and Bathurat for medical aid, but before oithcr could arrivo death put a termination to the poor fellow's suffering. How AtrsTlUMAN COMMERCK JSTO BE CaRIUF.D OS IS CASH OK EXfil.AJ.Tl GOING TO War.—At a luncheon to the Governor of New Zealand at Invcrcargill, on April 30, Commodore Hoskins in replying to,the toast of " The Navy," remarked: — "As regards the danger to New Zealand from a hostile, attack, he considered it small. The ■work at: the outbreak of a war between two great nations was so concentrated that no largo de tachments eotild ba spared to attack the colonies! The danger was rathor from a small expeditionary force, or from privateers. Incase of war being declared, our commence could be carried almost entirely in fast steamers. 'As for fighting on land, tho danger was & remote one, though he agreed th.it tho. young men of the colony "should bo prepared for that." A ii'rinvr Story.—A ghost has made its ap pearanee (says tho Grflnny Ad>'er(wi'),m in tho onion ;di.itriet of Bellapno. A well-known resi dent, on- returning home, from Portarlington a few evenings ago, somewhere in tho small hours, saw as ho approached'his residence what to him appeared to 1)3 the figure of a woman ill an erect attitude,■ but motionless. Round the head of tho spirit was a dim halo, which looked supernatural, and the features bore a strong re semblance to those of a young lady of the district, who, unfortunately for. the advocates of Spiritism, is still living. With the conrago of his race, ho made towards her spiritship, and wa3 about to ask the reason of so' late a .visit, when to his amazement the, figure prorcd to bo a " Walker," for it soon.disappeared with light ning speed across, the onion fields into utter darkness. The onion grower, on seeing this, took to his heels, and was soon safe inside a bolted door, but so overcome was he with fright that ho swoonel away- — a circumstance that to him . never occurred bet"9rc. The ghost has 'caused great excitement in the locality. 'A watoli will no doubt be instituted, and very likely some mudium wilt be introduced in order to ascot-tain, if possible, tho object of this visi,t from tho spirit land. Tho lady whom tho figuro resembled has become very serious, and'the superstitions expect something awful to tappet} at Bellarine shortly, 