WHERE IS HE ? TO THE EDITOE. Sir—Where ia " the Great Boucaut ?* At this great crisis I repeat, Where is he to be found ? Are Penn Chambers deserted ? Does tliefari naceous village know him no more? Weeks ago the piercing charge (that's a joke) was made against him in the Upper House that'he had offered to sell hiB constituents for that smallest of all values—the promised vote of a Kspnnda J.P. "How are the mighty fallen! .Tell it not in Goolwa; publish it not in the streets of Port "Victor, lest the men of Boss should triumph." Well do I remember the great Goolwa speech, the indignant denunciations of parish vestry politics, the emphatic, statement that the Port Victorbreakwaterwas a great national work, which under the auspices <5 the Boucant regime shouldbe pushed on with the utmost vigor; and now the charge that he has. been intriguing ^to delay the very commencement of this work has not even drawn forth a wind of denial from him. , . ' The Goolwa echoes rang with the sentiment— " Be bold, yet not too bold, Yet better the excess than the defect, Better the more than less." Is it all in the defect? Is it all the less? If not surely he will have the pluck to ohallemge a report thatdoes him so much disoredit. And now that a great crisis has arisen in the history of government iu-i South. Aus tralia where is now the great constitu tional champion? A paltry, unintentional blunder on the part of Sir Henry Ayers, aggra vated no doubt by his stubbornesa "and cocky. behavior, has' been sedulously nursed and fos tered into agrave crisis inthe history of thetwo . Houses. Twice the Upper House have tasted the Bill ^successfully claimed^) c/irefrttLe incidence of taxation; then, by excisingthe -Port Victor Breakwater from the Loan Bill, it obtained con trol of expenditure; and if now it succeeds in . compelling the resignation of Sir Henry Ayers, it can make or unmake Ministries;.and yon may write "Ichabod" On the. doors of the Assembly Chamber, for the glory is departed. Already the triumph of the squatting minority in the Lower, and the squatting majority in the Upper House is all .'but complete. Already they are pushing the Ministry to their fall, and with them will go the last remnant of constitu tional government, while the men wh'o are.able to place before the country the issues at stake are so eager for place.and. power.as to help on the evil work. " Ah! where was Boderick then ? One blast upon his bugle horn Were worth a thousand men."' '/ f,; Disconsolately wander the admirers-of the late Premier on the shores of Bncounter'Bay, and, pondering over departed hopes, hear the murmurs of the ocean,like the refrain of Bdgar Poe's verses, saying continually "nevermore* I am, Sir, &c.;, HANSARD'S GHOST. The lunatic, James Bance, who escaped from the Parkside Asylum on Saturday evening, has been found In North Adelaide. He was taken back to the Asylum by the police. 