OUR PARIS LETTER. PARIS, Oct. 27. When the Senate voted the dissolution of the Chamber of Deputies, it was never intended that the Senators were bound to support the Marshal right or wrong ; consequently in MacMahon's struggle to override parliamentary institutions, it may be concluded that the Senate will not support him against the unmistakeably expressed resolve of France to govern herself under the Republican constitution. Minds are made up, that only two issues are open to the Marshal ; to loyally avow he is beaten in his direct appeal to the electors to decide between personal and parliamentary government and act accordingly—all that the Republicans demand, or simply to resign. Has retirement cannot be compulsory, but he cannot expect France to yield to his personal ideas or to sacrifice her constitution; if he remains, he must simply govern according to constitutional forms. An appeal to force is considered so hopeless that no one ever alludes to it, except to raise a laugh, and equally impossible is the expectation that the Senate will vote a second dissolution—for what interest ? It is thus, that on all sides a clear solution is desired, and the Republicans are resolved that they will this time accept no other. The Orleanists are at last showing signa of . rallying to the Republic— their natural position ; had they done so when Thiers was President, what agonies and losses they would have spared their country, and what humiliations for themselves. Opinion looks favorably upon the idea of John Bull going surety for the good conduct of Turkey in reference to the Bulgarian Christians, who have disgraced Christianity ; thus the Czar has no reason to " keep pegging way" at apparently- a Sisyphian task, that of exterminating Islamism from Europe and Asia Minor ; were he successful he would not be allowed to occupy an inch of Bulgaria, and English interests would have to limit his conquests in Armenia, where the Turks are yet strong enough to oppose him with other Plevnas. The French do not give much attention to the losseB of the belligerents ; these they accept as a. matter of course, and that no sentimental or philanthropic regrets can avert. This may explain, also, why they take so small a part in sick and wounded and compassionate funds ; they prefer playing the Good Samaritan without the oil and the twopence. It is expected that as the Czar is now a better informed man than when he addressed an ultimatum to Turkey, he will be a wiser though a sadder one when his army shall have passed December and. January in Bulgaria and Asia Minor. M. Gambetta has made a manifestospeech full of wholesome truths for all whom they may concern. It was blunt, without being violent ; conservative, without ceasing to be broadly liberal ; and conciliatory, while resting independent. It will produce a good effect at the present juncture, when it is necessary to convince men of the necessity of taking virile resolutions. He predicts that the will o£ France will be obeyed, and drew a vapid picture of the frightful violations of the law, and of the unexampled Government pressure indulged in during the late elections, and which shall be laid bare foe the benefit of France, and the edification of Europe. The Ministers have a hard time before them, and those of theix subordinates who have sinned will have to personally pay the piper. Yoting boxes with false bottoms were employed, andt in some cases it was quite common to find more bulletins in the urns than there were electors on the registers. The Chamber of Deputies will have plenty oE work to inquire into the electoral iniquities, and as such elections must be broken, the temporary representatives must feel uncomfortable at the prospect of being unseated. A curious point to clear up will be to know where all the funds came from to cany on the war against the Reçublia Perhaps the discovery will be as difficult « to ascertain where Russia finds the money to pay her coupons It is a remarkable fact that the circulation of those journals claiming to be " Conservative —God save the mark—and which urged the Marshal to make a coup d'etat, as they would for him to take a run to the Exhibition works, which he never does though close by—the nearer to church, the farther from God -have to witness a sensible falling off in their circulation. The Figaro, for example, has had to suppress its supplement, while Girardin s organ La France, by writing fearless common sense, has now a circulation of 150,000 instead of 7000 ! The fact is the Reactionists did not doubt a moment of their triumph against the Republic ; they sold the skin of the bear before they had killed bruin. Among other signs and wonders, the tribunals do not convict so many journals of misdemeanours now as before the elections. Let us be thankful for small mercies. The municipality of Versailles have decided to baptize one of their chief streets, "Thiers," and which leads to the Presidency—always the gall and wormwood. The Government has been asked for its official sanction, for in France local authorities cannot indulge in such changes, or even help themselves to a barrel of sea-water, without permission from head-quarters. This is the beauty of that " centralisation " system of which the French boast the world iB ao jealous. M. Gambetta having won an election bet of lOOOf., sent the amount, not to the poor of Paris, but to the "indigent of Versailles ;" but Gambetta is now a rich man. A great admirer of his, M. du Bochet, has bequeathed him fifteen or twenty million francs. Paris has " uncles " as well as America, or rather Switzerland, as the deceased belonged to William Tell's ca n * on ' Ł ta is nothing new about the Exhibition. People feel more than ever confident in its success. Sinister memos, are vanishing like ghosts at cock-crow ; the tickets are being printed by the Bank of France ; a daily admission will cost one franc ; for the season 100E. Everything is very vatimal about the regulations. The barmaids and dressmakers are in high glee ; they can compete for the prize of beauty, open to all comers. A photograph of their charms is all that they are required to forward. Chopping a man's head off without almost shedding a drop o! blood is the latest improvement in working the guillotine. This has just taken place in the case of a man named Albert. No wonder the headsman Roch was noticed to look dumbfounded. The English Government had a London police officer present, who must have been also astonished, to report, if. is said, on the working of the "Bijou." Mamrod's slack ropes, tight ropes, and long ropes would appear not to be at the luxuteur of civilisation. Albert was a great scoundrel, and society is well rid of him. T (TO good traits in French executions : there are no meetings to save a murderer's head, and the culprit is only allowed one-parson-power to become a convert. Albert killed an old woman, keeper of an eating house, to rob her ; then he threw the body in a well, as the Russians are said to do when taking French leave of a Bulgarian village, but as the body did not descend rapidly enough he dropped stones on it, though Le urofessed " respect for the dead." He passed his last days like a statesman, writing his memoirs, and imitated the ancient philosophers by asking the chaplain to read a treatise he (Albert) composed on death, while having his arms corded and liis shirt collar and hair cut <iff. On approaching the instrument he faltered ; the executioner seized him, :»S3uredhim " it was nothing, as he will see," and then his neck was placed in the half moon of the upright plank, and all sliot into the corresponding half moon, through which the knife falls. While in this position, the unfortunate w s heard muttering a prayer ; there w s a pause for a second to permit Rocli to see that all ivas in order; then a thud, a black It;i.l! lea] ied into a basket of bran that an assistant, shook up ; another mass like an outfitters' (lummy was rolled into another basket of bran, the head rejoined it, and a van, escorted with a guard of mounted police, conducted all to the Turnip Field, where, after formalities, it was handed oi-er to the School of Anatomy. Hardly few drops of blood followed the decapitation ; fear drove the blood into the internal organs. Just as the knife fell a white dog, that had found its way to the inner circle, commenced to howl. I noticed no "lady-reporter" present on this occasion, but the executioner appeared strangely livid—frightened as it were— which is strange for a mail that chops off thirty heads per annum, and whose "expenses" in the estimates follow the grants for public instruction. All Albert asked, when told to get up and dress for death, was for permission to roll and smoke a cigarette. For the future the executed, instead of being buried in a trench with their head between their legs, will have their remains enclosed in a deal coffin. Tlie Republic ameliorates everytliing, you 8e0 it is no secret that the late Hcindreich, Koch's predecessor, wrote a treatise, in manuscript, against death punishment, and that the day he "operated" he abstained from food and lived on cigars. The Chaix printing establishment has held its annual fête, where the apprentices undergo an examination and receive prizes for proficiency in theic studies and punctual attendance at the night school. The " devils" receive a very superior education, including classics and modern languages, and they are paid higher salaries in proportion to their intelligence ; The apprenticeshave arightto employment when they become journeymen, and there is the pension fund, where the proprietor allows an increased sum for every year an employe rests in the office. Men live and die in that excellent establishment. Benson, who belongs to the "upper ten" criminals, would have remained unknown to fame, if he had been kicked out of a club at Brussels when detected in 1870 robbing, during a card party ; the gentleman did not like creating a scandal. . Four young men returning from a supper party, and arriving at the Place de Concorde, proposed to drown themselves ; two jumped into the Seine, despite the efforts of their comrades ; one was drowned. A young woman in order to effectively commit suicide, dressed herself in the servant's clothes, and then threw herself into the river—cause toothache. The French journals have attempted to establish a "Press Club;" it opens badly, with a red hot Bonapartist for President, and a ditto for Secretary. Republican writers keep shy of the concern, they suspect man-traps and spring guns. Dr Penel was a firm believer in a head being conscious after the separation from the trunk ; a railway accident placed the requisite head within his reach ; he was discovered applying a red hot iron to the tongue, when a gentleman pointing to the trunk said, "it would be better were the doctor to occupy himself trying to restore it to life. " The Omnibus Company of Paris, a monopoly, refuses to roof the tops of their 'busses, alleging the amelioration would attract too many passengers. It is established that tram-cars are one- third cheaper than 'busses. The late Theodore Barrriere demanded on one occasion of Baron Haussmann where an old lady friend could build a house " sheltered from the demolitions." " Along the line of a new street," was the Baron's advice. The best stories are short ones when you listen to them, and long ones when you relate them. " Caesar Augustus Napoleon"—what a name to go to church or war with !—is the appellation of a monsieur who seeks redress before a tribunal. Dumas pere stated that if you desired to know what the gout was place your finger inside the bone of a leg of mutton, and turn it tightly therein ; then place both in a vyce till the bone is splintered. A grocer in a Normand church-yard has three loaves of sugar engraved on his tombstone to represent—not " salt," but "sweet"—tears. 