THE OITY OF BRUSSELS. . (from the daily telegraph, may bu.) The loDg and "UoxtOUsly iookfia-ior sieamer the. City of Brussels cast unolior in the Mer sey at two o'clock yesterday afternoon.; , Her approach was- first deioried; by. Mr Inmun; managing director of the compaoy bearing his name, at nine oclock in the moining. Fiom his residence at UptOQ he made out the well known outlines of the steamer, and in formation of the- fact was of course" imme diately transmitted to the office of the oimpany. Tne tug Spindiift was despatched to meet the coming Steamer, and soon after there caine to welcome it the passengers, and crews of the tugs Wonder and Knight Templar. The special missions of these latter vessels was to meet the.. Canadian Pilgrims bound. for Rome, carrying g'fiH/uud cougratu- lattona to ine rope oa me occasiuu ui ,um jubilbel", -Tne Pilgrims were mustered on deek," . and V; looking .oyer the bulwarks with an1 .anxious expression., uf counten-. anca ; but as Father. Dowd, their leader and cliief, after wurda said, they had expe rienced delay, but bad never had any appre hension of danger. There was hearty cheer- ingwben the steamer met, and a salute was fired, from the masked battery at New; Brighton, but' whether for tho City of Brussels and iis pilgrim, or for the nx-Pivsi- dent of America, who happened to bo on the river! at tho same timo, no one on boaid kne w-. Congratulations, over nod the anchor-dropped, Ciptain Walking found "time" to give a "few particulars from his log.' 'rhe' in'c:d;nls, how ever, are not many, the voyage having been uneventful. " 'The rn'iia charaoterisiie . was "Too muoh fiue .weather," The ciiy of'Brua sels left the wharf at New Y irk at a quarter-, past 12 on Sanday,.j.t.he 21st April. Siady Hook was, passed ' at 11 minutes, to . 2, and the pilot , was ' parted' ; with; at' 17- minutes past-2. -Light westerly, windi-nand,. .i-fipp, weather prevailed, and all' tweat, '"welljuotil. half-past .7 on the 'morning; of 'Mopday;; the 23rd,, when- the vessel was in lat. 4143 and long, 63.16, _lha ship beiug . 491 -miles fiom Sandy Hookil vTdo engines .were then - work ing .wellj m iking 53 /ovoluuons with SOlb. of Bteam,'''whenJ suddenly' the' acre w-ijliaft broke. The result, of course, .was an accele rated; speed of the engioes. and a shaking of the75 vessel, ' but -uo alarm was occasioned.1 Sail ws iinmediately ; set, aud , the -City of Brussels baiog a full-iigged ship made good sailiog, in favourable weather sometimes reaching 11 knot. TIih slo west progress w«b made from May 21 to 25, a oalin- prevailing almost the whole oi the time. During this period on .one.tLy only 14 miles ,was . mnde. Tne maximuui progress under Bail was. 183. miles!'' hilt': during no day. . was a fthoroiighly 7 favourable'breezs experienced. "' Off' 'tliff 'dtty when the shaft broke a' French steamer was 1 Been, and- was, signalled with largo dags, but it | paid nb attention, -the charitable1 supposition being that it did; not observe - the (efforts made to attract attention., ...As some surprise hi a been "expressed thaf Oiptain WatkiaTdjd'not: return to New .York when the accident oc curred, it may lie explaiqed that at the time he had a westerly .wind in, his favour, which would have beea/againathim .had he decided on the contrary course, and that subsequent unfavourable winds' and dead calms have been, the causes": of delay. ; . vv ilea luoppihuuiub ioayucur ivup... i».uuiujj stage the latier"waB found' to be- oroWdeil by thousauds of pepple waitiog , the arriyttl, ,ol the City of,, Brussels, the majority .of whom were evidently friends ph. the look-out for the0 pilgrims, and'ehthndAStid bhouta we're "raised11 M they-' saw 'displayed o'n'the bridge of the tug a muuificent banner of greeD and' gold," - bearing- the -harp : of1' .old Edn/su'ririonnteil by the Papal1: arnhi,1 vvitli tha'ftitje, !' Irish; Pilgrims qf C.ipida.",' These, ahouls of welcome were warnily 'returned as tbe pilgriuiH Ble'pped on ahoie. ..Subsrquently the" City of Brussels dropped up the river, and anchored'- Off Egremont, where the re- mai'iidor ' of hety passengers w'eid landed. They, have, all.joined in. addressee, to Captain, Walking,' t sttfy ing '.(heir, adiniirUfioii of his skill and prudebce. " a Richmond Ghost!— The Riohinoriii i(Vii-v gtnia) Whig of 1 he 26, th April says: — Arumor baB bsrn'in-'oiriiuitttidn1 iff tbe-'dtty for several weeks past, that has caused no little,, nervous ness among the .iupe'rstitio.us, 'especially those of the gentler sex. Tue . basis of this story it; — Not tygreat many, years' ;ago a young end beautiful lady, who.oauie .hire on a visit to lriiiffdsj during hbr s;>j iiirn' w is taken Ai6 '-oW of the large in inufact iriug eBtabliglniiente up on tho James Riveritp/ree the machinery of the manufactory /in. operation., , While .going thrpaeii.th'e "eatablishment .she".veh'tured;rtpp neav.p/liua V:of' horizqnf al shafiihg!' ,J apid ' lier clothing becoming entangled in' one .of the. pulleys, she vvas lifted- from the. floor, thrown a dietahoB pf:15, or 20, feet, terribly, -crushed, and killed.;; This was;_many years ago. Since that event transpired, the husband ot the un fortunate, lady -ha>|,reino.ydrnearhef,fiic.tory, antflforVlie past 'fbw_/ weeks "rumour 'lis it .whpnpver he. visits the scene that . witnessed ths :ff b'rriblp7deatii.bf,his ! wife, .whether" ,it£:be initheiday or night he 8ees.,what,i8..to.-;alli-ap- peafance:hig former oompinion in life.- in flesh and blopdiri yhe ghoatmr/spirit, or what- eyar.it may!bu germed, has on several opca- aiono're'iniih'ed "near hi n/un'iil lib uib'ved'"'t(>- ward her, wht-n-sho/or. it -would. quiHtly. glide away in dim. distance;: These -unnatural visits from one has been dead ',fqr:..mpre than fifteen years have not;oply be9n ;wituessed,by,the bus- bandjbutby ni inyothei's, who knew- iheladyiwell 'during !h'er:life,''ahd;' Vehemently' -assert that they have.' witnessed all. of these visitations. ,'JThe story, whether.it is ti'ue' or false, has "caused no--- littleexcitement. amongst : tbe.friends of the parties' most intimately connected - with 'thre'affeir; .3 -a 