WASHINGTON'S GHOSTS. It is a curious fact that of all shy and cunning spirits, George Washington — professionally known as the Father of his Country — is the shyest and most cunning. There are very few kinds of spirits that cannot be caught by a skilful materialising medium. There is Franklin, for instance. Almost any medium can capture Franklin at any time, and exhibit him with real cane and pig-tail. So, too, the late Daniel Webster can be caught as easily as a yellow perch. There are several materialising mediums who exhibit Daniel Webster nearly every evening during the season, and those who have seen him agree in saying that he is uniformly as tall as when in life and very nearly as tedious. As for noted Federal or Confederate spirits, they are offered by all enterprising mediums in quantities to suit customers. Stonewall Jackson and General Thomas usually arrive within ten minutes after the medium has entered the cabinet and arranged the ghostly fishing tackle. Why, when spirits like these can be caught without any trouble, George Washington should be so extra- ordinarily shy, is a mystery which no spiritualist has yet solved. It is not meant to be asserted that no medium has ever succeeded in capturing the ghost of Washington. On three separate occasions Washington has been materialised to a greater or less extent, but until recently in no instance have the spectators been thoroughly satisfied. The Maine medium who two years since pro- duced Washington's ghost, committed the oversight of allowing him to wear patent leather boots and a Piccadilly collar. This displeased pedantic Spiritualists, who ignored the possibility that fashions chance in the spiritual world, and who assert that the patent leather boots and Piccadilly collars were impudent anach- ronisms. Then there was the Boston medium, who exhibited an undersized Washington, not over four feet eight inches in height, and was hissed be- cause Washington's back hair accidentally came down, accompanied by a shower of hair pins. In justice to the medium, who was a woman, it should be remarked that inasmuch as it is inconceivable that the spirits of barbers should be admitted to babble of "tonic" in the Summerland, there is nothing improbable in the supposition that Washington has not recently had his hair cut. There is, of course, no quest- tion that Washington was more than four feet eight inches high during his earthly existence, but if the medium preferred to reproduce him in an abridged shape she had an undoubted right to do so. In regard to the third and most noted materialism of Wash- ington, the circumstances were certainly of a rather painful nature. The Oshkosh medium who was concerned in that affair brought out a life-sized Washington, with wig, sword, and farewell address in his righthand, all complete, and with a smile even more wooden than that which Stuart painted at a time when his attention was momentarily directed from the face of his august sinner to a narrow crack in his palette. It was this Washington that trod on a bit of orange-peel unkindly thrown on the stage by a blasphemous sceptic. When the stately ghost sat violently down, his sword and his Fare- well Address flying in different directions, the spectators were pained, but their sus- picions would not have been aroused had not Washington immediately remarked, 'By gosh !' This unguarded expression, together with the fact that the Farewell Address was captured by an irreverent person, and found to be nothing but a certificate of stock in a petroleum com- pany aroused a great deal of indignation, which, at the next séance, took the form of prehistoric eggs and the limp bodies of specially prepared cats, and ultimately led to the abrupt departure of the medium from the town. In spite of theses repeated failures, which show the extreme difficulty of catching Wn»li!ii|:l--ii'»glin.talid exhibiting il in a salisfar-t,,ry cliape, two skilful mediums recently united llieir efforts and produced Washington to mi evjimt that disarms all criticism. Il happened in Momphis, and only in the very best and most expensive spirits. They entered the cabinet to ceiher and fiihed for Washington until that shy spirit look the bait and was suc cessfully landed. One of them then com mitted the preparation and exhibition of th« ghost t- her associate, and withdrew frnm the cabinet. Presently George Wiislii. Rton made his appearance. Ho was correct, ereu to tlie slightest detail fully true to life Hint il might have been modelled after Illio pattern tf tlie slit in gunners watch the enemy and gel their eyes lull of dusl. Although lie did net say anything, for fear of ...ell.iig hi. mouth out of sliapc, Washington beamed upon his nudienco in the ner. The spectators wero overcome with patriotic emotion, nnd a conviction of the immorttlily of tlic soul, and broko into rapturous applause, mingled with pious shouts of ' Glory !' and 'Hooray !' One lady audibly expressed her longing lo touch tho good ghost's band, where upon lie obligingly invited her by signs to mount the slsge, where, taking his arm, sho waa walked up and down, filled witb gratitude and delight. Not con tented with thus exhibiting himself, Washington presently with Irew into tbe cabinet, whence he again emerged witii wtrs Washington, who-o manner so plainly hinted her nhilitv to make things lively for her husband 'in case be should be guilty of any indiscretion, that no lady ventured lo emulate the one who had just taken Washington's croated by tlis joint appearnni e of Gecrgo and Marilm Washington that die former kindly evinced a desire to add still further lo Hie exhibition, and dived into the cabinet with Iho manifest intention of bringing out an infant. Fortunately, tho medium wlio was itisidu the cabinet knew sometliing of history, and promptly thwarted Washington's purpose. Had she not dono ao, that smiablo but tinre flecting irliost would probably havo brought nut a pair of twins and a babv wagon, thereby impugning Mr Bancroft's veracity and giving occasion to unliinilod ECandal. The importance of this successful materialisation of Washington is, of course, more or less apparent. Hereafter Spiritualists will doubtless bocomo more and more familiar with tliat venerable ghost, who nill lose bis native shyness Franklin or any other ghostly Revolu tionary father. 