THE LAST OF THE V ALOIS. On the banks of the Loire. The bright river gleaming iu the suushine, aud rolling through the arches of the ancient bridge — over which frowns tho great castle of Amboiso — not yet deformed by the builders of Louie tbe Great, but rejoicing ju a wealth of architectural beauty; the stem Herman features of tbe ntroughold throwing into relief tbo florid richness of the Renaissance. As the sun descends, steeping tbe lofty castellated rock in crimson and purple — at tbe close of this gloriouB July day of the year of grace 15f)9 — the little hright.-eycd, black-liaire.l girl, gorgeously digbt in a dress stiff' with gold and pearls, knows little of the terrible event which has left her to be the plaything and the tool, by turns tbe prey nnd the lure, of Catholic and Huguenot, of mother, and brother, and husband. Her father, tlio great King Henry the Second — name forgotten I since, were it not for a certain beautiful kind I of pottery — has fallen a victim to the luckless lauce of Montgommery ; aud France is left iu I the weak grasp of a gentle, smooth-faced lad I known to historians ns Francis tho Second, I and celebrated, poor boy I for nothing, Bave as I having been tbe first husband of Mary Stuart. I The little girl at Amboise has been a pet of I her handsome, sad-looking father, nnd of her I long-headed mother, Catherino da Medici. In I tho 'old happy days of triumph, while the I victories of Metz nnd Calais, aud successes in I Italy, made tbe French king deem himself a I thunderbolt of war, Henry ofttimes dandled I his daughter on his knee, and asked her why she preferred of her little playmates tho I youthful Gnis.ito th" loon :'T 11 .".unreaii — " que-tiun fully answered in 1 ..nd i-n-l i. -r d.,i-. Unluckily for the lit'!" g'll, alio i- pr.'ttv, an- 1, luekily or nn.u.-kily. is clever. I'. lie. I io I... the last "f the inti ll.-.-t n il race of V inis. sh" i- !-"ci)n. 1 to li'.no of tlieoi in tli" a.'f'oioj.iisitioeuis of th" tim--. >ki!ful in-truo- ".rs are -.|..-nii.g lu-r nru.i a. the literary !i.»a,-i -piee.-.-i of un : 1. 1 ii i > y . Unhappily, her ool. if brilliant, i-. far from pure Th" of Hie coiii'i of Cu'lc line do Medici is form.-d on ' lie tnod.-l of M. .1.: B .li-nrd. wliie" .Ii'';.-- are iivr-much e'v. n to Hi" pa-sion el love. A change comes over Franc" as the lit'!" eii 1 crows upward. Tin; writings "f Hie r .ihrkiiiL' author "f I'lintaerud, and "in; bitter satires of t.iio fri"n .s of B 'Msard, have raised a siorro s> on io break in . rritusoii show. r. Persecuting Franc -is. alootuy Henry, and poor ii' He Fiane .is I he Second a. cne. and under t lie rule of i In: livid, hectic yout Ii, Charles Hie Ninth, with his smooth face and snaky l.ioli, H.e "taint of Hio;ueiiet.rv" has spread far and wide. Litllo Mareiiciv: t-, who lias been broiicM, no " bonne (Mhnh.pir," undergoes all i. n. ds of "!-. -cent ions at Hie luuals of in-i' brother, tin- Din d'Alei.v >n. wiio, "inf. e'.ci" witn lT.it.rm ant i- hi. burns . -r ..M-fasliioocd nooks, aud i. ads his poor li'tle si-t.ef a dread- fill l.fe. Tie- court, of France is really playing a .1 aiiile game, Hie ipii'.-n-niotli. r being Hie r.igning spirt. Un i lie one baud is oi t in -doxy — and tile Wlloi" power .. the House .f L.><r.niie — liitteiul to the Valuis. Ag.iiiit. ort ..I.,! xy id, 1 the ..uises skilful Catherine cover lv . ticurag > tie: chiefs of ti.e Hugue- uois. aiming to secure by this M .el,iav.-lian p-oicy tile p: cd. miinaiiee of ; I:.; th own— not to be iiccompli-iit-ii tiil tin- purlers of a century later by the genius oi Richelieu. Little .Margii.-rbe grows apace iu tnes.- M'oubluiih tim. s, increasing in beauty and the consciousness thereof. Ling before there is any question of marrying her, there are I'lim.oirs that she in.s faithful servitors — lord lings who wear h r colours, and enjoy Ho: reputation of pos.-esdng her affections. First among tbes" .shines, in ail the bravery of court favour, tie; handsome Bdzic d' Eiitraigues— tin- " be! Anir..:.piot" — dainty minimi of Marguerite's nro'lier, tin: Due d'Aujoti — a slender, graceful man, with delicate, well. cut features of quiet cencen- ti .ted expres-i'.n ; .me of those self-contained men, full of courage, vice, and intrigue, who have l"ft tb.-ir names ill letters of blond cm the page of the I t"nais.-anee ; a dandy, tim. of tile first water. Hiaved aud curled, perfumed and e.-setie..d, till lie sheds ail nrotua of g dlautiy around him — a dangerous admirer for a young princess of vole >uic tendencies. But his web is Hoiui spun, as lie, with Quoins and others of til- same type, billows his ma.-ter tu tile kingdom of Poland. Tin: reee| t ion of the Polish audi ussuiiors is made the .i<'C:.si. |i of a l.rilliant I6'e. at whieli. o! course, Marguerite is present in a w.uidr-.U' dre-s oi velvet incarnadine glittering with spangles, bla/ing with precious stoues; her head — already decked, alas! fur vanity — in one of tin: "dainty blonde wigs" that she lov.-d to her dying day. T..e raven locks are bidden, and tile hazel eyes shine out under a remarkable liead-dre.-s, also of crimson velv-t, decked with feathers, diamonds, and peatls. A very beauteous Marguerite indeed, and soon furnished with a new lover — no other than her early playmate, tile Due de Guise — the dark-visaged, scarred one ; the famous soldi"!' wiio, whim threatened, said proudly, " Lhey tlaro not! A well-matched couple this, " 1« Bilafrd" being anxious to wed a daughter of France. Guise, backed by the whole power of the pipaey, is strong enough to hr. ak oil' the projected marriage between Marguerite and the King of Portugal, but is forced to b.-nd to the policy of the qunen- motber. Catherine will not see tbe bated house of Lorraine, already, to her mind, far too strong, strengthened yet more by another alliance with a .laughter of France, it may not lie; and the handsome lovers are advised that their destiny is different. Toe scarred one, terrified by the menaces of the king, mariies at onco a handsome widow — tbo Princess de l'orcian — who gives him no little trouble as time rolls on. Hapless Marguerite, liko another, but by no means spotless, Iphigeuia, is destined for anotiier fate — foreshadowed at a famous meeting on tbe confines of France and Spain. Nev.-r was a ffite more brilliant than this held to celchr.it" the interview between Queen Elizabeth, consort of Philip the Second, her mother, Citherine, and her brother, Charles the Ninth. The Islind of Aiguemeau on tbe Adour lias been metamorphosed into a l'niry palace, surrounded by lofty trees, under which lurk snug parties of ten or a doz-n, the royal tablo at one end of this sylvan palace being elevated on a dais of four steps of emerald turf. Around these tables hover attendant shepherdesses, dressed in satin and cloth of gold, in tbe costume of all the various provinces of France. As tbe stato barges, draped in costly stuffs, emblazoned with tho royal device, approached the island to the so n ti d of sweet instruments, and the Bong of mermen and mermaids, tho island shepherdesses dance after the manner of tiieir respective provinces — the Poiteviues, to tlio skirling of a bagpipe ; the Provein;ales, to tho clash of cymbals ; the Burguudians, to the piping of tbo oboe ; the Cbaiupeuoises, to tbe life and tabor; the Bretoiuies dancing the most vigorously of all. Dancing over, there enters a baud of musical satyrs and lovely nymphs, but " envious fortune beiug unable to endure so much glory," a heavy storm, accompanied by a deluge of rain, descends upon the fairy islo, scattering the gay company, and driving tliem to their boats for shelter pell-mell — a retreat giving rise to many comical adventures, aud in. .re queer stories of tbo general confusion of partners. One couple, however, is well matched, but they hardly laugh, these two, nor is their apparel so bravely decked with bright colours aud sparkling gems as that of tho giggling (lamed and forward gallants who hurry to the water-side. Neither of these serious persons is of French birth. The woinau, large-eyed aud lares-nosed, is a e.-noine Alalia" : the man is lean, haggard and ascetic-looking, wearing a face as tbe face of Don Quixote. Tiles.; two have come to an understanding — the woman having at last yielded to her com panion's energetic remouatrauces. Catherine de Medici and tlio Duke of Alva have decided on the destruction of the ifeffuenots; not yet for a little while — till the suspicions . of watchiul Jeanne d' Albr.it are quieted for ever, and " my plump Madge" Bhali catch them all — Iter charms proving very lime-twigs to the accursed heretics, and her gentle voice as the whistle of the fowlor. " Plump Madge" declares herself not averse to the Porta :uese marriage scheme, which Guise and Philip tlio Second contrive to strangle between .them, but secretly plots to secure her alliance with tbo Lorraine prince, till the news of bis wedding with the Princess l'orcian awakes her from her dream of love and ambition. Her fate is already decided by the stern motuer, who plays her children like pawns on a chess-board — so long ns they permit her. She had an easy reign over per gentle Francois, but sullen, wayward Charles is more difficult to deal with. The grim plot, arranged to tho sound of file and labor on the island in theAdour.ia not to be communicated to him on any account till it is ripe for execution. Meanwhile, tbe quet'ti- motber urzes him to strengthen his own lianas by marrying Alidge t.. the young King of Navarre— tho son of Jeanne d'Albret and Antnine de Bourbon — a prince with "more nose than kingdom," tho famous ancestor of long liueR of kings. His chance of tbe French crown looks remote enough just now, t u i. el, -...-.a p. I. im .in-i it st tricl ilir.-e iwoHi. rs of ti.e Yal..;- — (hull I. -s. Henry anil l-'ran.;"i-., line <) ' A l.-::e.iii — t>u : strong- mm. led iier ine lias .. in; w.-ek p.iini : sip. i- .-njier.-.i itions to a fabulous d. gi"", and is sor.-ly troubled by tbe li'U'0-.coii" of Navarres.- ll.-nry. wliieli de clares that In- will " reieti in Frane".'' Super-tit ion iiiiri worldly v.-.'-dom are loo' it serve. 1. I.v securing 111" fox-faced Huguenot as tin; iiusb.nd of Madge. Coarl-s is not soriy to acquire all ally of iifs own. Between h's mo' in r anil tlio Guises — ids too- power'.! 1 re' at iv. - - ,. u-1 ids rebellious ( ' dviiii.st ic subject, she i- n I .-lied int.. lits of ungovernable lury, ana bitterly b.-w.uis that no human lieine i eares for him. save only g.-n'l.: Marie Ton As is hi- wont,, this wild hunter of b.-i-ts ami men, once seized witli a project , pursues it to tin: cud witli savage v. hem. nee. But there are obstacles to lie oven-.. me — obstacles even to the furious will of the Most Christian King. Tlio Pope, still occupy ing the centre of tile European Tapestry, is imrror-s1 ruck at (lie proposal to wed a CiHiolic princes to a lu-r-tie leader, and ' lie cou- ent ..1 the P'.pe uioHt be gained, for ll- iiry aud M.o go- rite are. in a fashion, cm- ins, and undoubtedly within tho limits forbidden by tile Church. Tne Pope refuses a dispen-ation, and. moreover, send- his . pimal nephew di-s;, pi,; tip- king tr.itu ids in. uistr. ais prnjeot. But another coun sellor iins tho ear of Charles — one singularly ..ut of place in I lie giddy court of C ulieriip- — a grave, s el-vis aged gentleman, tile famous ' .Admiral" Colligny. who is quite Won over bv the arts of the Italian, and is anxious to p. oily France by marrying tiie "fox of lie oil'' to "plump Madge" as quickly as po-sil.le- A. valiant and skilful soldier this admiral, l> u ' -over simple-hearted and truthful to contend in political intrigue with the pro- f.-s-ed students of tile Florentine. Carried a Way i.v Hie real sincerity of tilt; king, and rip- pretended heart bless of the Due il'Aujou i- d tin: qu. en-iiintln-r, the bravo old warrior per-uades Jeaiiir d'Ainret to join ti.e court at iff. lis -gay. brilliant. Bl..i- — the summer i. d ie of Finny. lis I., witli its great exterior staircase and ancient h.dl of tlio estates. Bi. lis i- especially joyful just now, glancing (. q letlishiy down on the smiling Loire. Its quaint streets and lofty, narrow staircases are swept, by tin: " v. rtiigaditis" of merry dailies aud damsels — for it is the humour of tin: I -i range Italian that all should be bright and mirthful around iter, ns if to intensify tile the darkness within. While forming the ("-litre of her bright, bevy of dames and their I ciiciiuiamhi'.-nt gallants, Catherine loves a joke, and is no laid h.in.l at quip aud crank, merry conceit, and highly- seasoned repartee. But. when tin: leto is over, she turns from the gorgeous figures which wave to and fro on tin- arras, and bending Iter steps towards n remote part of the ancient ca.-tle, alter climb ing many stiirs, readies tin: lonely turret projecting over Hie church of St. Nicholas. It is the observatory employed, not with any scientific purpose, but purely as all instru ment for interrogating the olistiuate stars whieli persist that ll.-nry of Navarre will " reign in France.'' The Queen of Navarro, who, reluctantly enough, has come to tiiis giddy court at the entreaty of the admiral, is grievously shocked at all that she sees nnd iieArs, for tlio language of the court dames and gallants is happily new to the l'uritan Jeanne, liillingsgate and 1st. (piles -s are names that convey but a faint idea of tin- "joyous remarks" and tho " pleasant sayings" current at Blois in this bright .springtide of W.7, Feted and caressed by the king and his mother, Wary Jeanne yet fears to bring her Hon to a place horrifying to every senti ment of decency. -More (iiiliellllies arise. Catherine wishes the wedding to take place at l'aris according to tlio Catholic rite. Jeanne objects to the mass, and insists on tile ceremony n.-iiig perform" I in some city less inimical to tim 1 1 iigueiiots. Pending this debate Pope Pius V. dies, and is succeeded by Gregory XIII. , who displays more ilexibility than his predecessor, but yet hesitates, till Charles loses ail patience, and tells the Queen of Navarre one day, " My aunt, I honour von more than the Pope, aud love my sister more than I fear liim. I am not a Huguenot, but 1 am not an ass. If the Pope plaj'H the fool too long 1 will take Madge by the hand myself, aud see her married iu full convent iele." Just as the marriage contract is signed the (Jueen o' Navarre dies — some say of pleurisy, others of poison — hut nothing is now allowed to impede the ceremony. The scene changes to old Paris — not the Paris of St. Louis, nor that in which luckless English Henry was crowned " despite of foes," but the Paris of the ruthless Renais sance. Tile castellated dwellings of the Middle Ages have developed into the lintels of great seigneurs — fortified more or less, and crammed with gentlemen armed to the teeth. A strange mixture of splendour and squalor this good city of Paris. Tall gabled houses nod towards eacli other over narrow streets ankle-deep in filth, witli no approach of drainage save an open gutter. Gloomy passages and dreary alleys slink from the light of heaven. Thieves abound, though what they (iud to steal is a mystery, as after dark nil honest citizen ventures abroad, lest he should be waylaid and plundered by the professional robber, or killed, out of pure joyousness of heart, by tho gay gallants in search of adventures. The gallant is as unlike the person depicted by writers of romances and operas as can well be imagined. He is splendid, but by no menus clean, for the silken hose which adorn his nether limbs have previously been worn for a week or two by his inamorata, that they may comfort lnm tlio more, aud awake his mind to deeds of chivalry, lie by no means flings his cloak arouud him', and issues forth armed only witli his trusty rapier. Not lie. The gallant on the way to a rendezvous is iu his fashion a prudent man. Beneath his doublet of -atiu, slashed with the colours of tlio lady of his litsurt- InrlcR. for tho nrosorviifcion of th.it or#ui, n tinely- worked shirt of mail. His rapior, of portentous length, is supple- menteii by a long, h-ft-handed dagger. Uel'ore him walk pages with flambeaux, aud a stout inau-at-arius, pike or urcpiebuse iu lmud. Behind and with him couie two or three, ur, if ho be ii great man, a dozen trusty friends to see hiui through his adveuture. These chivalrous times are curiously practical when seen in contemporaneous tapestry. That terrible seeker of amorous adventures, the young King of Navarre, never stirs out of his room to perambulate the long corridors of the Louvre, where he is as yet only a guest, with out a pikemau, for the way is short from the boudoir to the grave. The thing kuown as fair play is ntit yet invented, aud inau smites his ein.my when and where ho can take him at a disadvantage. The atmosphere of Paris is heavy widi rumours. There is talk iu council and ruelle. aud strange conferences are held between mighry chiefs of the faction of the Guise.- and the provo-ts of tho great guilds of the good city of Paris. Apart, aloof from these, tho Huguenots shiver in their fortified hotels, for there is a scent of blood in the air, aud the chiefs uuvampihlied in the held talk strangely of beiug led into a mousetrap. Aud yet these wary warriors 1 have come hither on au occasiou mure fittiug for silken favours than bulf jerkins. They are bidden to a weddiug bampiot. Henry of Navarre, still in mourning, has arrived in Paris, in the early days of August, at the head of a gallant train of eight hundred gentlemeu, the flower of tho Huguenot nobility. On the seventeenth of the month the betrothal takes place at tho . Louvre. On i the following day th. marri.ij-' h ceMir -ted with "maimed rites" by the Cardinal d» Bmirhou. A straune scene. X"f wrhin the e«o»"ed faoe, but outf-ule the C.uh"'lrd <>f Nd»tre 1") ime, a iur-'e structure ha been ere«t«;d of w-iod, carved and humr with «h» h of gold. Henry of N-ivarn — hi mother two months dead—lavs a'ide Lis mnun inir. ami appears with hi eL'ht hundred gentlemen in brave nttire of vivet, -atin, and cloth of L'nld. htrangely pinched and hla-die I in the latest D) < > !e. Marguerite herself — splendid and conscious «>f her splendour — " dres-cd in royd rub", with a crown and bodice of erti.ine, "i. During with the j-ov.-ls of Hi" ro'.odu. end tlio rov.d nvmtle of 'due, with four el is or train, carred by three primvs-e«." Plump M id go. looking very handguns and triumphant, to be made a wife and a queen at. la-t — al"eir, t,, a husbaud whose neighbour hood is unsavoury to those of delictte nostrils — people shouting and crowding to suOoca'ion, while top bride hears mas, and her liusban 1 watts outside. Tndn erne fetes bji«I dances jousts and junke'ing. tua-tpu-s and merry-makings, the bells of Paiis ring- in. out a merry peal — prophetic enotigu to some sharp cars ol the tucsitl of Sh/. Germaiu l'Auxerrois. Captain Biosset — .d Bnrgundiau Huguenot . di-u inguished by liis valiant defence of VfZ"lay against the (Jttholic army — cali one morning on the admiral, nnd asks permission to go h««me. "Why," asks Colignv, ''why arc you in such ha-te ? ' " Bcea-t-e they mean no good to ih in this placo.' ' What!" shouts the admiral, ' do not you believe we h ive a good king V" "Too good! Too good to us by far 1 That is why I want to go away; and, if you would do as I do, M. l'Amiral, you wouid do good to yourself and to the cause." it is impnsMole to keep the sharp Bur- gumlian, who takes to horse aud away. Hardly i- he clear of I 'arid, than Maurevvrt'a pistol-shot reaches the doomed admiral. Angry remonstrances and many threats are made by the Huguenots, and, at list, the; king is told that he has no option, that his enemies are delivered into his hands, and that he may nor. let them go. This is a feir- f.il time for a bride iu the first week of her honeyuloon. Kveryone whispering, none t« lling her anything. Suspicions Huguenots avoiding her because she is Catholic. Citho lies keeping their lips close, because s-ho has married a Huguenot. L-?ft to herself, she creep into the ceremony of the tl coucher" of the queeu-mof ln-r, and feeling very lonely and wretched, sits down upon a coflhr beside her sinter Claude, Duchet-ri of L>>r- j r.uue, also very, very sad. Tiie two young I women si', hand in hand, silently and I wretchedly enough. 111 the creat dimly- lighted room, hung with tapestry depict ing the martyrdoms of saints. At last the queen-mother perceives M idge sitting sorrow- luily with her sister, and commands her to go to b-d. A i she makes her curtsy, her sister Claude Hei/.es her by the arm. and, weeping bitterly, ciies, 41 Oh. God ! my si-ter do not go 1" Madge is mure frightened still, till Catherine fli« iutu a passion and forbids Claude to tell her anything. The Duchess of Lorraiue theu flies out and declares that her sister sli dl not be sent to the sacrifice ; that tho Huguenots will revenge themselves upon her. Nevertheless, the old queen is linn. I lie ii.»nriicu wi wuuiu ii.-e to Mi-q.iaieu.-;. Her place is with her huslian.L Driven from her mother's presence, she seeks li-r hu-Jiitnl, whom she funis alr.-a.ly in bed, surround.-. I l.y thirty or forty zealots of Mis party, talking loudly of ti.e attempt to asSassinato the admiral, and resolvinz, the next uioruinit — alas ! for them, that next mornini; — 'n demand of the kin; that justice shall he done oil the Guises, as otherwise they will "take the law in their own hand-.." Thus passes a iiizht sleepless and of utter misery, the words of her sister Claude lincini; ever in Marguerite's ears- As day breaks, her hushatnl rises to ipi and pliv tennis till King Charles is awake, the weary woman l ells her nut He to close tho door, aud sinks into a feveri-h sleep. The awakinz is frightful enough. Thero is loud knocking at tho door ami cries of " Navarre ! Navarre !" Tho nurse, thinking it must bo tho King Henry, opens the door, when in rushes a man streainiug with biood, with arm and shoulder cut and slashed, and clings to tiie young queen — as frightened as ho. Four archers pursue this M. de L<vati into the very nuptual chamber, aud are only restrained from killing their man by M. de Nsuc.iy, captain of the guard, and a right merry, jovial gentleman, who laughs heartily at the comical picture of the wounded man holding fast to "plump Madge," and his four bloodhounds caver to tear him down. These worthies g .t rid of, jolly M. de Naiicay remains with Marguerite, aud "while she changes her dress, being all covered with blood," tells her all about the merry jest iu action this fiue August morning. First he grants her the life of M. tie Ldran, whom she stows away in thu dressing-room till his wounds are healed, aud then quiets her fears concerning her husbsud, assuring her that he issafo enough with tho king in his cabi net, where, by tlio way, is 11D0 the Prince de C-'iidd — the king offering the choice of "mas-, death, or Bastille." Covering Marguerite's shoulders witli a mantle, pleasant M. de Nancay tells her not to be alarmed, that they are only killing all thu Huguenots except her husband, nnd coiiduutshertotliuchamberuf her sister Claude, where she arrives " more dead tiiau alive." Just us she steps into tlio ante chamber, she sees anotiier gentleman pursued l.y tlio archers, aud struck with a halberd within three paces of her royal persou Without, make tiiemseives heard the rattle of arquuliusadus, tin: clash of swords, tiie triumphant yell of tile white-scarred crn»a- durs, aud, now aud then, the defiant ronr of 11 knot of old soldiers who, despite chains aud barriers, pike and gun, cut through their enemies and got clear oil', while above all tolls the great bell of thu church of the Auxerrois. Auotlier fold of tlio tapestry shows us Marguerite and tile "kinglet" her husband, pris. .tiers rather than rulers, us ornament to tl io court of Charles and his successor, Ilenry — quickly returning i'rum Poland at the news of his brother's death. Tnereare schemes to effect tile escape of the " fox of Beam," hut tliey are long uusueee-sfiil, eosiiug also the lives of Coconnas and Li Mole — regarded, perhaps, with too kindly an eye by Marguerite. Then comes the famous hunting-party at S:nlis and 1 lie escape of tlio husband, Margue rite being still at the court of Ih-ury III. — out of favour, too, with husband and kingly brother, and plotting with the Due d'Alcncn. her younger brother — hut yet the ornament of society iu rile best period of the Renais sance. A period of charming costume and of culture excessively elegant, when compare. I with all that preceded it. Yet, with all this beauty and elegance, tlio age is full of savagery. The famous duel of tiie miguons will hear wiun- ss to this. It is true their linir is frizzed, the, heard plucked from their soft chins, their cars pierced and jewell.-d, and tiieir ruff's so VftBt that tho head of a miguou " resembles that of St. John the Baptist 011 a charger ;" but they are always ready with the steel, and die violent deaths almost to a man. So do -s their master, who, with all his vico and effeminacy, his look of inelVai.le weariness and scorn, his masks lined with almond paste to preserve his complexion, his love of female attire — " black satin slushed with white, puffed and pinched, laced and frilled " — ills hair dressed in two arches, h. la I Marie Stuart, his blackened eyebrows aud face painted, is yet bravo as a lion, as the red lie! is of J trnac and Moncontoiir can testify. Tli" Queen of Navarre is, for tim time being, greatly smitten by the spiendid figure of l.oois de Clermont, better known as Btissy d'Ambuise — tiie favourite of her younger brother — one of the ablest captains, nnd ceruiuly tlio greatest awash-buckler, of his time. All the time he can spare from love- making lie devotes to quarrelling and fight ing. Tim king's " mign.oiH " are tiie par ticular ..l.ject of liia attack. He misses no ..p!..irtuni'y of insulting them both by word mid dco.1. He loves to dress his own lackeys as richly as the king's favourites, and to go liims.lfin attire of the severest simplicity. Marguerite's too susceptible heart is occupied My this paladin, who wears her colours — to wit, green and gold, white and violet — openly. Buasy comes to court from the wars covered witli glory, meets Marguerite 011 her return from a journey to .Spa, and delights tim licni t of that priiiceBs, whose undisguised admiration of him is n fertile subject fur those sarcastic young gentlemen — Qufilus, Siiut-L'ic, Livarot, Mangiron, aud Saint- Megriu. To do Bussy justice, lie is abundantly provided with wit— not of the delicate, high- dried kiud, but rough and full- flavoured, strong military wit, as it were. Two or throe attempts are made to assassinate him, but in vain. Impunity makes his tongnewagall the faster. Handsome, curly-haired Quoins— d.. inti. ..st and bravest of the " mignous " — is hi- especial butt, never spared either before the throne or the altar. At last things como to such a pass that the king, insisting on a formal treaty of pence, compels tiie two enemies to embrace in his presence but only provokes from Bnssy one of Ills odd strokes of buffoonery. Nevertheless, the quarrel is patched up for a while, Bus«y, and other friends of the king's brother, leading a joyous life with the royal mignons, whose life is one p.-rpetual feast — merry, indeed, as it need be, for fate has decreed that it shall be short enough. The court is on tho beet terms with the great citizens of Paris, who giv« entertain ments threo or four times weekly. Lent is _ given up to these amusements, which prove too much for a worthy churchman— tho Cardinal do Guise, better known ns the " Bottle Cardinal" — a fine specimen of gour mand and gourmet, " who meddled with no other matters than those of the cellar and the kitchen, which he understood very well — far better than those of church and state." A few more bright threads in Marguerite's well of life, and theu all is dark in hue and coarse in fibre. The king hss determined to e-taiiiish, or rather, to revive, tlio Order of tim Holy OhoBt — to found an order of knighthood in honour of his sister. This order of the Holy Ghost, new to Frsnce, da'e.s from the year l.'I.Vl, wheu it was founded ar. Naples by l.ouiR d'Anjou, King of Jeru- sil ni, .1 descendant of the brother of St. L iuD, whose statutes are extant, and came into the possession of Henry at Venice — a gift of the Serene Republic to the King of Poland, it is tho first day of the new year, l-o?!l, and the ceremony of inauguration is celebrated with great pomp in the church of the Augustiucs, magnificently decorated for die occasion. Tho chevaliers and knights-commanders are gorgeous to look upon. They are clothed in a barret cap of black velvet, pourpoint, ami trunks of cloth of silver, shoes and scab bard of white velvet, 11 great mantle of black velvet, embroidered round with lleurs-de-lys 111 gold, witli tongues ot tl.tne intermingled, and tiie king's cypher in silver thread, tlio lining of orange satin. Over thin mantle, instesd of a hood, they wear n nuntelet of cloth of gold, also enriched with fleurs-de- lys, tongues of flame, and cyphers like the' great mantle. Tile collar of the order is formed of die king's aud Marguerite's cyphers, interlaced with lleurs-de-lys and fiery tongues. From this hangs a cross of gold, of marvellous work in gold and enamel, in the middle ut which is a white dove — tho emblem of the Holy Ghost. A great grief now oppresses Marguerite. The career ol Bussy cotnnH to an end. Fight ing appears to agree with liim, but letter- writing brings him to grief. In a moment o£ confidence he writes a letter to the duke, liis master, telling him that he is in pursuit of the " doe of the king's grand huntsman." The Juke— false and fickle ever, and just now very weary of his too active partisan — shows the letter to the king, his brother, who detesting Bussv, reads it aloud to tho grand huntsman himself — Charles de Chambre, Count of Montsoreau. This gentleman hies him to his castle of Montsoreau, near ' to Saumur, and compels his unhappy countess to write a letter to Bmsy, inviting him to visit her there. Arriving at midnight, he is assailed by Muntsoreau and a dozen bravoes, and after a desperate combat, fought out as long as a bit of his sword remains in the hilt, he is finally Blain, after killing several of his assailants. Marguerite, inconsolable for awhile, rejoins iier husband at his little court at Nerac, and, allowed t6 act as she pleases, is the moBt complaisant wife in tho world. But, ob Henry of Navarre devolopes into Henry of France, he determines to divorce " plump Madge," now more than plump — with great fat cheeks, enormous shoulders, and goggle eyes set in a bald pate, crowned with a golden wig, shorn f. om the skulls of a " score of blonde lackeys." No longer resplendent at the great court of Paris, or tho little one of Navarre, she keeps state, sorely straitened for cash at rimes, at tlio Cistle of Usson. Years, luxurious and inglorious, pass by, and again the l ist of her race descends upon Paris; no longer a wife, hut divorced, and taking it in such good part, that she is present at tho coronation of her successor — Marie de'Medici. Eighteen years have improved neither the looks nor tho morals of the ex-queen, who lives iu great splendour at her palace in the Rue de Seine. But she is true to her destiny, and brings death to the favourites of her old age, as to the lovers of her youth. Bewigged and la-painted, the old woman lives out an exist ence divided lietweeu devotion and dissipation., Sim outlives all — uarents. brothers, husband and lovers — and dies " greatly regretted ns a princess, full of goodness and good intentions, who only did harm to herself." Saint Denis claims her body, but her heart — still at last — is deposit- d at the Convent of the Sacred IDart, of which she was founder. Thus, in the year 1(115, fades out this notable figure of the last daughter of a royal house — famous and iufamous as that of Pelops. 