Our melbourne Letters [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] January 29. This sole political topic of the week is the meeting of the Cable Conference at Sydney, respecting which you have earlier and fuller information than any I can send. But, in revenge for the political blank, we have the great political libel case on hand. The Age is, this time, the alleged aggressor, and the complainant is Mr. Edward Langton. This is how it happened Mr. Edward Langton is a prominent member of the new Free-trade League, and at a recent meeting of that body, he roundly denounced The Age as an unscrupulous journal, which makes a practice of vilifying every party and every public man opposed to it. Thereupon, the journal so assailed, came out with a slashing article, holding up Mr. Edward Langton to public reprobation as the most unprincipled and scurrilous of politicians ; as a man who acted the part of Beacham to his colleagues in the Francis Ministry, and as the paid agent of the Free-trade League, who was content in order to secure the emoluments of office, to administer a protectionist tariff for two whole years without so much as lifting a finger to assert his own avowed principles. Generally, the impeachment ran. that Mr. Edward Langton is in the habit of charging corruption on every political opponent -r has done this, specifically, in the instance of Sir James M'Culloch, Mr. Francis (subsequently his colleague and chief), and Mr. Higinbotham ; had made similar charges by wholesale against members of the Opposition during, the last session that further, such charges, when followed up by fair and full investigation, turn out to be without foundation, although, in order to sustain them, the accuser of his brethren refers- to imaginary documents and written proofs which have no existence; and finally, that of all the politicians Victoria has ever possessed, Mr. Edward Langton is the very one whose vote and interest has been at all times open to the highest bidder. Inward, and much plainer word than I shall venture to use, Mr. Edward Langton was proclaimed to the world n I political social evil. It was not in human nature to stand this. So, in a day or two out came the solemn announcement that a libel action, damages laid at £5000, had been entered by the Hon. Edward Langton against The Age newspaper. What next, you will naturally ask ? Why, the next thing was that The Age, on terrified by the awful sword of Damocles hanging over its head, came out with a series of articles, dissecting the political character of the complainant, and shooting home to him, by fair extracts from printed documents and references to notorious facts, the whole of the accusations first made. The Age, as you observe, means to justify its case, with a witness! Its powerful diatribes have been the standing sensation from day to day. Its pluck, in showing fight so manfully, is the theme of universal admiration. And at this moment, whatever may be the issue of the pending libel action, the political reputation of the Treasurer to the late Francis Ministry is not worth the smallest coin of the realm in popular estimation. These, and such as these, are the amenities of popular politics in this country. But unquestionably nothing in the way of a designedly slaughterous attack on a public man's reputation has over yet exceeded The Age's onslaught on Mr. Edward Langton. We are getting into the thick of the electioneer- ing campaign already. Several preliminary flourishes of trumpets have been given forth by retiring members had expectant candidates. Addresses to constituenciesnppeardaily in the advertising columns of the journals. There is a great fluttering in the dovecote, and all the signs pre- monitory of a most severe lighting season. One would really suppose, to note the way in which those people struggle for seats in the Assembly, that the attainment of the coveted prize fully satisfies both ambition and avarice. In a few lucky cases perhaps it does; but, generally, the post of representative is about the most irksome and thankless one, and the most destructive of a man's personal and domestic comfort whilst it lasts, that could be selected out of all the varied occupations of life.- The true secret is that it suits the Loafer, at large, and the loafer at large manages, somehow or other, to make it the means of supplying him with meat, drink, clothes, and pocket-money?especially the second of the four items. The dissolution is just two months a-head, the now elections three months a-head, and the meeting of the new Assembly four months a-head. Sir James M'Culloch does not intend to be a single day too early in getting the opposing forces into action,.! can assure you. As to poor Berry, his party has given him the cold shoulder quite. He is deposed, and his successor is not yet forthcoming. The Argus, I boo, names Mr'. Casey, Mr. Service, and Sir Charles Duffy, as probable candidates for the leadership of the Opposition ; but I can answer for it that of the three, the two latter have not the ghost of a chance of gaining the post, even if they are ambitious of it, which is doubtful. For Mr. Service is a pronounced free- trader, whilst the Opposition is out-and-out protectionist ;. and Sir Charles Duffy is the leader of the party which insists on so altering the Education Act as to give them a separate endowment for their own. schools and this concession every member, of the Opposition, not being a Roman Catholic,, must steadily stand against on pain of being ignominiously rejected by his own constituents. Mr. Casey is left; but Mr Casey is not a man. for the stonewalled, and the stonewaller are not for Mr. Casey. Take it all round, it is a curiously complicated state of things. But, meanwhile,. Sir James M'Culloch is master of the situation. Our State schools have commenced work for the year after the holidays, and the "truant officers" recently appointed under the new Act are at work rounding in the stray children. There is a tacit compact between people of all political parties, and all religious denominations save one (specified above), that the system shall be made thoroughly effective, that there shall be no "meeting" tolerated, and thatlarrikiuisin shall be quite stamped out, if education and an efficient police can do it Talking of which the rumor went round Press circles the other day that the Argus' " Vagabond was quietly immured within the walls of Pentridge, " doing" that establishment for the leading journal. In fact, I had a confirmation of this rumor from the best authority, myself. But, lo and behold you! out comes our diverting Mentor in Saturday's Argus with a most spicy paper on the Magdalene Asylum, and the social evil in Melbourne generally, which everybody is reading, discussing, and admiring. He is a terrible realist, is the "Vagabond not a touch of your trumpery transcendentalism about him ! He sees things as they are, Sir, and he describes things as they are and what is more, Sir, he is not afraid to blurt out all the truth. To which stereotyped popular comment on this amazing fellow's writing let me add the remark that the truth he reveals is about as agreeable to the sensibilities of an optimist reader of the leading journal on the salutary dose of salts and Bonna is to the young ones in the nursery. But read this article I speak of, and let me have your own opinion on it 'The fun alive to watch the proceedings of the publicans over the new Sunday Closing Act. I have already told you that, in order to produce (as they hoped and believed a violent popular action against the measure, they magnanimously resolved on keeping strict Sabbath, appointed a Vigilance Committee to enforce obedience to the rigorous law, and prosecuted, with eagerness a few black sheep of their flock who were detained in dealing in the sly Sunday grog. Very well ! For three Sundays now the law has been, most righteously observed by the, publicans as a. body. Nobody, not even the most genuine of lena fide travellers, could procure a nobbler of loss-, or a draught of Castlemaine Wr on the Day of Rest. But woe worth the city! The anticipated popular reaction has now set in at all. Rather the public seem to like and admire the publican's new-born zeal for the Sabbath mt and the observance of the Uw. Our Sundays are delight- fully decorous and quiet There is not a single stray inebriate in the watch-house- cells on Monday morning. The new Act is in higher favor with everybody than it was at first. And the wives and daughters of the publicans, together with the barmaids, are able to go to church of a Sunday morning, if so inclined, and to take a walk on Sandridge Pier in the afternoon into the bargain. But in spite of these manifest moral gains, the publicans are not happy, and their dis- like of the new Act and its author (Mr. Duncan Gillies), overflows in printed lampoons of the humblest quality, for the most part in amus- ingly halting doggrel ending always in " boor.", : Our. Railway Department has ventured; the daring experiment of allowing the carriages on running trains to remain unlocked. The Ardova-' tion is being introduced cautiously and gradually, but so far it has answered well, and, I think, will come into general and permanent use. Why, it is thirty years ago or more since Sydney Smith wrote those amusing letters of his in the old Morning Chronicle denouncing the locking-in practice and the letters were just as unanswer- able in reasoning as they were diverting in style. Mr. Duncan, the Inspector-General of our Penal Department and Industrial Schools, has gone for a twelve month's furlough to the old world. He told me, in a conversation I had with him the day before the mail left, that he intended to visit and take careful notes of every leading prison and reformatory school in Europe and America. He is quite capable of fulfilling such a design, and I doubt not that this country will be the better for Mr. Duncan's holiday through generations to come. Upon a remark which I made to him, that the " old hand" element was rapidly dying out here, and that its place was not, happily, being supplied by a native race of criminals, he assented generally to the sti.tuui&'it; but he added that still there was a criminal ''lass growing up. " No doubt," said I, " but they are not desperadoes the old type ; they don't perpetrate the heavier crimes." To which he replied?" That is quite true ; still, the younger race is a desperately troublesome one to deal with. The old hands, however bad they might be, were manageable thus far, that you could trust to any promise of temporary good behavior they might make ; but the young scoundrels are utterly false and unreliable. You never can trust them for a moment ; they are to the last degree refractory and incorrigible, and therefore they require even a firmer hand and more severe treatment than the others." Thus, you perceive, the new Australian type of the professional criminal is in some respects better, and in others worse, than his disreputable progenitors. What is your experience; in Queensland on this point 1 Did I tell you that the mighty mining case of Learmonth against Bailey had been settled, positively and for the last time, by each party agree- ing to pay its own costs ? An immense relief to the law reporters for the daily journals, and the loss of a gold-mine to the Temple Court follows. Snake-bite and intravenous injection of an amount to wit the doctors are at it again ! Happy to say I have not read a word of their thousand-and-one letters, attacking and answer- ing the one the other. Neither have I read a word about the smallpox at Sydney, nor of the interminable discussion now proceeding in The Argus, as to whether smallpox is or is not in- digenous here, and whether the native races have or have not suffered from the scourge. Nor have I perused a line of the thousand and one astounding snake stories set afloat by the country journals. You admit that on medical and the like pleasant topics, I am a most shame- fully negligent correspondent Our gold roofs are showing well again in several unexpected quarters, and deep sinking is rising in popular favor. Several prospecting parties are being equipped at tho expense of the Government to explore unknown country for fresh goldfields ; and an expert is being despatched, by private enterprise, to pick up improved " notions" in quartz and general mining in California. I think 1877 will be a better gold year than its predecessor. Our now Bishop is working thirteen to the dozen every day of his life. There was a great arrear of consecration, ordinations, Bottlements, new churches to be founded, and the like, to pull up, and Dr. Moorhouse is pulling it up. A small beginning has likewise been made towards the erection of the long- talked-of cathedral. The weather continues delightful ; splendid sunny days and lustrous moonlight nights, with constant cooling breezes from the seaward. All the seaside resorts are thronged with visitors, and the stairs that go down the bay several times a week ago crowded to excess, especially on Sundays. It is truly weather of poetical brilliancy. But grass is scarce in some up-country parts, and the consequence is that the mutton market is overstocked with poor and cheap sheep. Is this a calamity for the consumers The general weather-chart projected by our colonial astronomers is to be brought into operation this week. There is no epidemic abroad, despite the efforts of the doctors. The pantomimes and giant circus-monagorio are all running briskly; and the Lazar Opera Company is coming this way. You have had a taste of their quality up your way, I see. The Senators of Queensland had better, I think (says " Mnemon " in The Sydney Mail), change their front, and consider whether the coat and trouble of reproducing their verbal scrimmages in a morning parade, to be printed and published under their own auspices, is worth the candle For months they have been struggling to get four first-class. reporters, offer me- to guarantee a good salary for five months, and they are still advertising..-. It would seem as though the whole thing was to be a failure, and people will have to continue; to look for the area torial utterances of their modern ; Cicoros in the columns of a daily newspaper, where they will, as they have been wont to do; find them presented in such a form that they may be read, and naturally, and perhaps too often, as they have been uttered. Indian telegrams give full i particulars (says the S'. M. Herald) of the proclamation of the assumption by the Queen of the title "Empress of India," at Delhi and Bengal... The scene at Delhi was of unparalleled, im&gpifieuuco.; The procession was nearly >? three- miles long, a thousand elephants taking part in the spectacle. The demonstration lasted several days. On New Year's Day a grand assemblage was held in the pavilion on the plain, about three miles north of the Viceroy's camp.-. In a Bomicirclo fronting the Viceroy's throne- were gathered the Governors of Madras, and Bombay, the Lieutenant- Governors <the-Punjaub, Bengal, and the North-West Province.-. The Commander in-Chief, with the respective- nUitl'H, and also the high officers of the Government and ruling chiefs, were grouped according to political jurisdiction, the whole forming gorgeous and variegated aggregation - of splendor. Sixty-three, ruling chiefs were presence in the rear of the Viceroy's throne were.- grouped the various, ambassadors, envoys, deputations from foreign States, and foreign consuls. Further back' were assembled a large and labor of native nobles ; coo piloting the amphitheatre,-, were gathered an immense number of invited. spectators, grouped in various blocks. Bohinditua amphitheatre enclo- sure was assembled a. large concourse of other spectators. South. of the assemblage, troops. of all arms were drawn up, numbering upwards of 15,000. On the north,, troops of retinues, and followers of native allies and nobles were stationed, forming (a characteristic and picturesque oriental steam, quite unique. Guards of honor wore stationed on each side of the Viceroy's throne, and at the various entrances, for high officers, and effects. The Viceroy arrived precisely at noon, accompanied by his stuff. He advanced to the throne, heralded by a flourish of trumpets, at- which, signal all present rose, the military bands playing a grand march. The Viceroy made a speech. to the assemblage, and then read, a, telegram from the Queen, in which she set a Royal and Imperial greeting, and expressed, her (loop interest and regard for the, people other Indian Empire She Acknowledged the kind and loyal reception accorded to the Prince of Wales and hoped the- Indians would enjoy under her- rule liberty, equity, and security. The Viceroy presented each chief attending, his reception with a splendid banner", bearing the in Hcrifitiou?" From Victoria, Empress of India, January 1, 1877. His Excellency also gave each a medal commemorative of the event, and con retired honors on various colors. A mass of 90,000,000 tuns of pure, solid, compact rock salt, located on. an island) 185 foot high, which rises from a vulnerable sea marsh on the route from Brisbane to, New Iberia, up the river Tedie, in Louisiana, is one of the wonders of the world. How this island, containing over 100, acres of excellent land, over came into existence in such a locality is a matter of conjecture. Vegetation is prolific, and the scenery is beautiful and varied. Tm: feat of crossing the English Channel in a canoe has been accomplished by Lieutenant Colville, of the Grenadier Guards, who started from Dover at three o'clock in the morning and paddled into the harbour of Calais at half-past nine, doing about thirty miles surging across the Channel in six hours and a half, 