s METROPOLITAN NOTES AND COMMENTS. ? ? ' . — i ? H» ? — ^— t (By 'Cosmopolitb/') : ' '?; ? THE STEEPLECaASB dSrHRTrWa ' ':' of tie Hunt Club duly took place on the Mo^. phetviile Course on Saturday last. The day was aU that *he most ardent desirer of fine weather could wish, and the couWe w;aa lar^ejy^ attended by a respectable and fashionable auaience. , JSume' excellent sport took- place, and excepting a few. spills everything went off pleasantly. ? Complai'ntB.-however, : Were heard, and in some eases not without reason, in cou sequeuce of the iion-pnnctnalit/of some of the -3lenelg.troin8; in one Instance the train ^was 40\. minutes behind time, and lh« -^Blay gaya rise to serious -apprehensions losirifci acciSeat sliould have ocenrred. Great diss^jsfactibh was universally felt to find on arrival at the Course titre was no landiag place or stage, as iB usual at stations, consequently everybody, ladies- included, had to alight in the middt of a heap of - dirbv ashen. ?. and V-.lJnlr^rs xtrJiir»Vi 4-V.a .Company h&v;* lately put over the mud wKicpi was bo plentiful hereabouts. If the Morphettr viJle Coarse is to be the future racing pro'uncl: for Adelaide, the sooner arrangements '' 'ar^ made for the comfort of passengers thither thW better. Their carriages are equal in every re spect to those in any of the colonies, and it; is a pity they have not enough to accommodate all the public at race time, instead of attaching cattle and. saeep- trucks to bring back visitors to the Course. I learn they have lately ordered from England a fifth locomotive engine, Sad : other additional plant for the effectual work ing of their property. This is a step in the right direction, and I feel certain that eventu ally with proper management, as Glenelg' is Tapidly increasing in importance, that ^0 Company will reap large returns for their energy and: perseverance. Glenelg is looking tip, arid the.additipn. of several new shops ;tp its main thoroughfare are wanted to mat^'ifc ' assume a ~ more- important and businesa-lik^ * air. The occasional overflow'1 of -the 8t«rB»t9' also a great drawback, and one long felt bj tne inhabitants. Yarious plans have, been atitgr gested to remedy this evil, but none yet adopted. The Mayor and Councillors, howi ever, are at present1 investigating the matter, and will- doubtless ere -long be able to rem&iy; the difficulty.' I presume -with the uresenl races. ...y« have had: -will be the laajt of racing for Home time Thiags will sqph settle down into the old-groove, and unless ie tiiiaded' By overdue bills which have perfiSpp :b'een* engendered in ? ' prepttring fortlieiBp6r%**' all willrt-a3ajawayinto.ihe oblivion pf;nothiag; ness till the next meet. ... .'....- .: In my last I- mentioned the low state of society among the demi monde of Adelaide/ and -thfe week as if ? to endorse my rema'tkk sundry revelations in this respect have cbm%-ta light.- A woman-named Fagg, who h»d:^r some years been the companion of prostitutes, died suddenly at. the hospital, a%d the inqu^afc ' hfeta on hef' WVcaied a 'shocking state of thi&ga.; The evidence:bf 'two.lpwcharacfers w^re t&fissh; ? at the . inquast, and it was shows th*esrl^gsp they lived in was let for purposes of. prQsir tutes. ?? ? ? ? _« -? ...??? -'-'^.j 1HE INDIAN JAlilNB BELTEB1 StStT fi-s j is rapidly rising in extent, and subscription^ : are.. comiBg in fast from the country; Gawle^ not determined to be behind hand, has by-,itg local Committee forwarded £262 19i. 9d- to the Mayor of Adelaide in aid of that charity. Well done Gawler. ? '?''- , : -OUR NBW G0VEBNOB :. ;': ?? seems to be the ii»'ht man in the right place, and able to adapt himself to all sorts of circum stances. On Monday he paid a viait to Wil» lunga, having been desired to open the public school in that town. - As may be expected there . was. a good show of bunting, and even some triumphal arobes, for Wiliowga is a truly loyal spot, and the people say so too in their speeches. .And. this reminds, one that Sir W. Jervois made aa ercallenfc speech on that occa sion — a speech which if those he is asabeiated with would take heed the colony general; might be more beneStted. He referred to the extension of our railway lines, and advised the pushing- on of the long talked-of Port Darwin extension. He said that there was little doubt in the Future that 'Pott Darwin will become the place where all communication from Eng land, India, and the inlands of the Eastern Archipelago will converge. The produce, of Australia will go from 'Victoria and New South Wales straight through to Port Darwin, and who ? shall not say there' will not be a railway along the Malay Peninsula.' Now, pleasing as all this looks in type, it would appear better in the reality ; but I fear tho day is yet far distant ere it will be realiaed. ^Howeverrsome- , body may now wake up to the importance of .Port Darwin, and g:-?fc'a .renewal of the railway agitation in Hfaat direction. ? \- KB. LWii the cornet sbloistj is now on a tour in the pro vinces, but returns next week to Adelaide to give three concerta-in the Exhibition Building. A breach of agreement on his part, it is said, has [recently involved him in difficulties with Mr. Allison, and he was not released from hia engagement without paying a large suai. '? ' LAND AND WATER.' ±ne otner day, m looking over the above excellent home journal, I came acros» the fol lowing hint; which has the merit of being simple and easily tried £— 'Great difference of opinion prevails as to what damage is done to corn by rooks and small birds when Eown or the crop after. A simple plan is now becoming universal. Take a pint 1 of gas tar, and mix the same with ooilmg water so as to dissolve the tar ; this mixed with a sack of seed-wheat (4 bushels is sufficient), neither rooks nor small birds ?wall go into the newly- sown cornfield ' JXow, as -what is ' saUce for the goose is saace for the gander,' this mixture should be good for cockatoos. Steeping in the tar mix ture is al-o said to be a preventive of ruBt rn wheat j and this, our farmers will be able to test, as the wist is said to have appeared in various parts of the colony. \- _ WHO- IS JftUUS? '-.„ I ask this question simply because I have never heard of such a personage ; and- in the next place' I want to know the reason of his sending a part of one of Robert Souther's ^hfc\5(-Sl^poafe.lafi*eate;wlio; 'die^abont 250 'years back) poems td^Sie ;¥fcf&B;)&& PfinMi .as bis own. iteally, Sir, they zntiid be Either very innocent people at Narracoorte or know little' of poetry— especially that written by poets, and not the rhymesters met with nowa aays— :to permit Southey's verses to appear in the local journal as if written in Adelaide by i|idus. Bart here is the piece which I trust you will reprint if only to expose such barefaced PJra?y-t Had I done it I should have felt afraid that the ghost of ihe injured bard would disturb my slumbers and tweak my nose for me. O,fie, Fidus! *rIiOVB CAX NEVER DIB. ' They Bin who tell us love can die j With life all other passions fly ; All others are but yanity. In Heaven Ax&ntion; cannot dwell, Nor Avarice ittthe depths of. hell : Earthly^ these passions of the earth — They perish where they have their birth j \- But love ie indestructible. 1 *^Ita hblyflam© for over burnetH, From Heaven it cameto Heaven returneth, Too oft on earth a troubled guest ? At times deceived, at times opprest ? It here is tried and purified. Then hath in Heaven its perfect rest. '.„ It sovreth here with toil and care, ?„ But the harvest time of Love is there. ' Adelaide, September, 1877,' And again I would ask=-^' Who's Fidus ?' THE GEOEOU MINSTEIt^. ' who have long ' since announced by parti colored bills in' Adelaide and suburbs their intention of performing at White's Kooms, opened at that fashionable place of resort on Monday evening last. The hall was crowded to excess, and large numbers of people turned away at the doors. I have seen many excel lent Minstrel; troupes, including the TT.S., who have few eSmpeers in the colonies. The Georgias, however, are quite equal to them— not only in, the originality and newness of the business -they pjerform, but in the remarkable character 0* thefun they introduce into their entertainments. The Georgia Minstrels were orgajiifed bjlflr: ^|ckd at the close *of the Agidsican Cjvj^WaV, and would but for thafe eveniijs^ll be in a state of slavery. They are thetaniiiest 7ellbws I have met with; and no one who beholds their performance can . help laughing, Mr. T.^Eennedy. is their manager j he is energetic and painstaking, and a great deal of the success of the troupe is due to his iudefatigable exertions. ' : . BALtOONTNa has hitherto not been classed among sports in Adelaide, but the publi^ here are shortly to ?witness an exhibition of this kind. Mr. T. Gale, the well-known aeronaut, is now having a monster balloon constructed, and in which he, accompanied by a friend, projects making an ascent from the Exhibition Grounds on the Prinoe of 'Walea's Birthday, November 9. When inflated ifc; will contain-20,000 cubic feet of gas. Its measurement is to be 68 feet hurh and 118 feet in circumference, and it will take upwards of 600 yards of oiled sik 40 inches wide to make it. I remember some- years ago being eye- witn oss to three ascents made by Mr. Gale, and which took place in the Domain, ?Sydney, in the presence of an immense con course of people. His during and skill on those occasions was simply wonderful, and if the coming ascent is like the former ones there will be 1I6 lack of sensation. I may add that Mr. Gale is the son of the far-famed aero naut Lieut. Gale, who lost his life in a balloon ascent in America. ?''''.' r.AT5B3T ITBrfS. The barque Amur, which was supposed to be lost, has just reached Western Australia, after a passage of 95 days from Adelaide. Head winds and fearful gales delayed her arrival, hence her being placed among missing ship3. The Alma Mine is reported as having lately yielded some splendid specimens of gold. Already 3,271 ozs. of the precious metal of, great purity.have been tak6n.*fr'omlt*~and sold at £4 perpz.' 'Af^vr'.mlnes tit SHd 'gatae' &brt;'- would make our gold ref urns' soda^refl'tofthel size of those of the sister colp#nies.* ' TjWre seems every likelihood that eventually a large ^nd extensive gold-bearing area will be opened ; tip -in South Australia. . * ?'' A'Mra. Jane Crimp, 'an elderly lady; wias' 'suddenly taken ill in the street, but contrived to. reach Mi\ Blackmore'a, the surgeon-dentist, 'at North- terrace, where she died a few minutes' Of ter arrival. Suddeu . deaths have' been very' S requent of late in Adelaide. r:- T-he trial of James Bidgood for eheepBieal iog . is ended, and ho was acquitted. . What a waste of time on a case which after all comes to nought ! - , The liabbit Fill passed through Committee in the Assembly on Tuesday. Important alterations have been made in it, which will now doubtless suit all concerned. By a1 statement made in the Assembly on Tuesday I learn that the total strength of our volunteer force is at present 671, of which Gawler contributes 69. ? 