THE DUCHESS OF ROSEMARY LANE. By B. L. FABJEON, rThe rieht of publication in Australia has been purchased by the ' proprietors of the Sydney Mail.] ?n««T TT. — Chapter III. — Father and Son*. The Honorable Mr. Temple celebrated the return of his son by a great dinner, at which a number of distinguished persons were present; la'er in the evening his mother held a reception. The e emiig before the party Arthur was sitting with his parents lookin' over the list of his guests, and he could not t,„in Vipine struck with the quality. Nearly every man invited was a man of mark in the land— politicians, lawvers, a few whose chief merit was their wealth, and some few also of the foremost workers in the ranks of art and literature. Arthur was pleased at the oppor tunity of bee iming personally acquainted with 'these shining lights. _ ' You will regard this as your first rntroauction into society, ' sai i Mr. Temple to his son. ' I shall be glad to see you form friendships which will bring you both pleasure and profit.' It was unfortunate that, despite his affection for his son, Mr. Temple could never avoid introducing into their conversations chance words and phrases which ? rated upon the sensitive mind of the younger man. The word ' profit ' was one of these. Arthur, how ever, made no coma ent upon this, and the rebellious expression which overcast his features for an instant was not observed by his father. 'You have much to speak of,' continued Mr. Temple, 'that will be new and int resting to many of our friends, and I need not say that as my son you will be hea tily welcomed.' ' That, of course, Bir,' said Aithur; 'it will not be, I am afraid, for my own deservings.' ' That cannot come, Arthur, until you are person ally known, and then I trust it will be for your sake as Veil as for mine that friends will attach themselves to you. But indeed I have no doubt that such will be the case.' 'You are more confident than I am sir,' said Arthur seriously. ' I have ray fears as to whether I shall feel at ' home in this new and poli hed atmosphere, after my experience of the last two years.' ' You have no need to fear, Arthur ; I am satisfied with you. I think I shall not make you vain when I tell you that your manners are fitted for any circle. Arthur's mother gazed fondly upon liim as he replied, ' It is an inheritance, sir, as are honour end truth, which I owe equally to you.' ' I must confess that it was not with entire confi dence I saw you depart for your travels, but you have returned improved, if anything. Rough con tact with, the world has improved you, and has opened your mini to the value of the refinements of society.' ' Whether it be so,' said Arthur with seriousness, ' has yet to be proved. In the New 'World, with its rougher planners, I have seen much to admire — more, indeed, than in these more civilized surroundings It is not whether they are fitted for me— it is w hether I am fitted for them.' ' There is plenty of romance to be found in these more sober scenes ; it will come to you, Arthur, as it has come to others.' ' In what shape, sir ? And have you met with yours:' Mr. Temple coloured slightly, and devoted himself more closely to his paper, which he was peru-ing in the intervals of the conversation. Mrs. Temple sighed, and looked away. Arthur had inadvertently touched a chord which vibrated keenly in the breasts of his parents. He did not know, and had never heard, that his father had married for money and position, had married without love, but it was no less a fact. A fact of which his mother was not aware until after marriage. It was not a sudden discove y on her part ; it was a gradual awakening, made more bitter by the womanly suspicion of another face, fairer perhaps than hers, and better loved in the past. In this she invested Mr. Temple with qualities which he did nA possess, and fashioned a hero— not hers, but another woman's— out of very common clay. There had never been any bickerings between them ; she had not distressed him with any outburst of jealousy ; he gave her no cause for com plaint that the world would have recognized and sympathized with, lie was an exemplary husband, faithful and attentive, and was held up as a model by other wives. Mrs.. Temple, before her marriage, had had her romance in her love for her husband ; a romance carefully fed by him at that time, for he plaj'ed the lover skilfully. But very shortly after they became man and wife, her dreams faded slowly and surely away. She saw that he had no heart for her, and 'it was most natural in her to be positive that, with his attrac ? ive person and soft blandishments of speech of which she had had experience when he wooed her, he had bestowed his heart elsewhere. She kept her secret well, and he was ignorant of it. Had she led him to suspect that she believed herself to be betrayed, it would have caused him much amazement. In the early years of her mar,ied life she was not regardless of his movements, but she made no discovery to confirm her jealousy. She was in the habit of watching his expressions when he | opened his letters, and of listening with agonized attention to his muvmurings in his sleep ; but she | learnt nothing. Had there been anything to discover I she would not have discovered it ; she was no match I for him in cunning. Slowly she accepted her fate, I with no outward repining, and they lived that calm, [ pi83i-.nl ess life which to some 60uls is worse than I death, and which with t oine highly nervous organiza I tions occasionally leans to violent terminations and I tragic results. I 'You were saying, Arthur,' said Mr. Temple, I with a direct evasion of Arthur's light question, I 'that you saw much to admire in the rough manners I of the men among whom you travelled.' I ' Much, very much, to admire sir. The proper I assertion of a proper independence, for instance. The I kinglipess of manhood has no such exemplification in I this city of unrest as it has in the free air of the New I World, where men and women are not unhealthfully I crowded together in small spaces. I see here, among 1 jee 1 'wer classes of society, no such free step, n » such I blithe spirits, as I have been accustomed to see among B men in the same position at the other end of the I world.' 1 ' There are gradeB, Arthur.' ? 'Surely, sir; and human beings, wherever they ? ft**' Iau8t dependent upon each other; but I tfc-re a^. {jrades express in tbeir tone and bearing ? weir obligation to each other, as equally from those ? above as those below as from those below to those I be6' ^ i® mutual, and there is no shame in it. Now ? such dependence as I see here is ingrained in either I nV ?r a8sumed humiliation. 'Where it is real, it is I a . and unnatural; where it is assumed, it is I ele8table. Either way it is bad and degrading. ? Admitting all this— which I do not— to what do I « Tribute this worse condition of affairs r' I you will pardon me,' Teplied Aithur with I th i^' ' ^ kave n°t gone as far that. I have my I tovw?* -8' ^ must see more before I should consider I justified in accusing. I merely record what ? P esent themselves as clear pictures to my mind.' ' When you see more, and are able from positive experience and observation to form just conclusions, you will admit that we must accept the world as we find it, and that the only wise course is to make use of it to our advantage.' ' I'o turn its foibles to our adv antage, sir ?' ' Undoubtedly.' ' Its shipwrecks and calamities— you know what I mean, sir — to turn even those to our advantage r' 'It is always a difficult thing to argue with an enthusiast, especially with an enthusiast whom one loves as I love you.' ' I know you love me, sir,' interrupted Arthur warmly, ' but I do not like the sentiment for all that. I think you would scarcely uphold it in its full ness.'' 'It is not difficult for a skilful disputant to turn his adversary's words agamst himself, and to so colour them as to make them bear a stionger, and therefore different, interpretation. Logic is an excellent weapon, Arthur, but it may be much abused.' ' Admitted, sir. But it seems to me that it would be more noble and honourable to turn the experience Ave gain of the world to the world's advantage instead of to our oAvn.' '? The two aims may go together ; but it is an absolute necessity that Ave should never lose sight of ourselves.' 'And of our own aggrandizement:' interrupted Arthur. ' Yes. if you put it that Avay ; though there are pleasanter Avays of expressing it.' ' More polished Avays, sir?' ' Yes.' ' But not more truthful.' ' Probably not,' said Mr. Temple, with no show of irritation, though he Avas secretly annoyed. ' Re member that self- preservation is Nature's first law.' ' Which does not mean,' said Arthur, flying off at a tangent, as is the Avay with most impulsive natures, 'that Ave should be continually stabbing our com rades in the race, or grudging to others honours worthily won— such as yours, sir' — (the Honourable Mr. Temple smiled complacently)— ' or withholding from others a true meed of admiration because our own merits— which, of course, in our own estimation, are very great— have not been so generally recog nised.' ' These are common phrases, Arthur. Let me Avarn you to beware of platitudes. No platitudinarian ever ro;e in the world, or made for himself more than a mediocre reputation.' ' That is flying away from the argument, sir,' said Arthur viA'aciously. ' Very well, then. I understand you to express that you should deem yourself as fortunate if you were unsuccessful in an ambition as if you had accom plished it.' 'Not quite that, sir-, but in some way I can ima gine circumstances iu Avhich I should deem defeat a victory.' ' Do not imagine, Arthur, or, at all events, imagine as little as you can. Action is Avhat the world calls for, is AA-liat the Avorld demands of its leaders. .And if v ou can act, which eATery able and. sensible mind can, in such a way as not to oppose an established order of things, success is all the more sure.' ' There is much to admire in souls which, animated by high, desires, suffer from opposing an established order of things, and are consequently not pros perous.' ' ' You have hit a nail, Arthur,' said Mr. Temple, with emphasis ; 'consequently not prosperous,' ' Exactly so, sir ; you take my meaning. I see in these unprosperous men much more to admire than in successful time-servers. And remember, sir,' said Arthur, who frequently showed much pertinacious ness in argument, ' that the very carrying out in its integrity of the axiom that ] reservation is Nature's first law wouid rob history of its most noble and heroic examp'es. I hope you do not mind my ex pressing myself thus plainly ani, as I perceive, some what antagonistically to your views.' 'Not at all. It. is better that you should speak plainly to me what is in your mind than that you should needlessly betray yourself to strangers, who would not understand you.' (Arthur Avas about to say here that he should not be deterred from express ing himself clearly in any society, but his father anticipated the declaration, and gave him no opportu nity of expressing it.) ' It does one good to be able to relieve himself in confidence of the Arapours that oppress him. The air becomes clearer afterwards. Although, notwithstanding our seeming difference, I trust that our sympathies are in common ? ' ' I trust so, sir.' ' AVe speak and judge from different standpoints ; I from a long and varied experience of human nature, you from the threshold of life. AVhen you are my age you will think exactly as I do, and Avill be perhaps endeavouring, as I am endeavouring now, to check in your own children the enthusiasm which blinds one with excess of light, and which almost invariably leads to false and unpractical conclusions.' Arthur pondered over these words in silence, as he sat and glanced at a ne» spaper, as his father was doing. The calm judicial air which Mr. Temple assumed in these arguments enabled him generally to obtain a seeming victory, but it was seldom that either of the disputants was satisfied with the result. Pur posely cultivating the intimacy between himself and Arthur, so that he might counteract the enthusiasm which he feated might step in the worldly way of his son, he was conscious that he effected but little good, and he could not but acknowledge to himself Avith inward trepidation that Arthur never failed to advocate the nobler side. This acknowledgment brought to his soul a sense of deep reproa1 h — reproach which had he not loved liis own son, and based all his hopes upon him, might have caused an estrangement between them. For it was Arthur's words which awoke, not exactly his consc:ence, but his intellectual judgment, Avhich compelled him to admit within the recesses of his OAvn heart that he always played the meaner and baser part in their arguments. Some times he asked himself if the lad was sincere ; he sub jected his own life as a young man to a critical analysis, to discover whether he had been led away in his estimate of men and things as he feared Arthur was being led away. It is characteristic of this man that at this peiiod of his life— whatever he may have done in his more youthful days — he did not juggle with himself. In solitary musings and communings AA'ith his inner nature he admitted the truth— but the glowing and delicate promptings never passed his lips, never found utterance. So now, on looking back, he saw at a single mental glance the Avide barrier which divide! his passions and his enthusiasms froin those of his son. This barrier may be expressed in one ?word — selfisliTi6ss. It was this sentinae.it that had ruled his life, that had made him blind to the conse quences be might inflict upon others by his acts. 'Whether it were a voluntary or involuntary guiding, by this sentiment had he beeu led step by step up the ladder, casting no look at the despair which lay be hind him. It Avas otherwise with Arthur : his father recognized that his son's promptings were generous and noble, and that there avub no ato n of selfishness in his judgment of th's and that. And when he came to this point a smile played about his lips, and a world of meaning found expression in his unuttered thought: ' Arthur has not yet begun to live.' The lad thought also ; he did not pause to ask him self whether his convictions were light and wrong — to those he was fixed by an unerring instinct. But he tried, Avith little success, to biing his views into harmony with liis father's Avorldly wisdom. The on'y consolation he derived was in the reflection that there Avas more than one fair road to a goal. As to throAving a doubt upon his father's rectitude and honour, no shadow of such a thought crossed his miud. He felt, as his father did, that there was a barrier between them, and he mentally resolved to endeavour to break it down. He glanced at his father s immovable face and tightly closed lips, and saw tliat he Avas occupied by musings that distressed him. ' It is I,' thought Arthur, ' who have given liim pain. He is disappointed in me. Surely it is only because Ave cannot arrive at an understanding.' Ho w to commence to break diwn this harrier t The first means Avere in his hands— a newspaper, the epi tome of life in all its large and small aspects, from the deposing of an emperor to the celebration of a new style in bonne s, from the horrible massacre of twenty thousand humrn beings in the East of Europe to the mild kicking of his Avit'e by a costermonger in the East of Loudon. lie commenced in a trembling roue— for the la 1 avus the soul of ingenuousness, and could not play a part, however small, Avitliout betraying himself— by an introductory comment on a poli'ical question of the day. Mr. Temple instantly aroused himself, and replied, without observing Arthur's agitation. Gain ing confidence, Arthur proceeded, and an animated conversation ensued. Their views were again antagon istic, but there Avas nothing personally painful in their distent With the skill of long experience Mr. Temple drew Arthur out upon the theme, and the lad became eloquent, as earnestness generally is— but this eloquence, combined with this earnestness, was of a standard so high, and the language and periods in which Arthur illustrated his pouts were at once so powerful and s - polished, that Mr. Temple thrilled with exultation, and he thought, ' All is we'l.' His face cleared, his manner Avas almost joyous, and when the subject was exhausted he said : 'Arthur, you have afforded me great delight. I cannot express my pride and pleasure. You are an orat -r.' Arthur blushed and stammered ; the praise un nerved him, and brought him back to sober earth. 'Yes,' continued Mr. Temple, 'you are an orator, and you will fall into your_ propel groove in life— — . Nay, do net interrupt me ; you will verify my prediction. When a great, a noble gift is given to a man, and he kno «vs that it is his— which is not always the case, Arthur— and Avhen opportunity is given to him as it will be given to you, it is impossible for him to neglect it. God has given you the gift of eloquence, and you Avill fail iu your duty if you do not properly use it. You are far in advance of me ; I am accounted a good speaker, but I confess to you that I never lose myself in my words ; if I did, I should become incoherent. I know beforehand what I am about to say ; your words are unstudied, and are conveyed with a fire which cannot but stir your listeners to enthusiasm. That your political views appear to differ from mine hurts me bat little.' Arthur raised his face to his father s in quick affectionate response. ' I am a Con servative ; if your views do not undergo change, you will become a Liberal ; and in this you Avill but march with the times. The fields are equally honour able. Y ou will become a champion, a leader of your party. But be not too advanced, Arthur. Let dis cretion temper all. My dear boy, my fondest hopes will be realized in you.' From politics they passed to other themes, drawn from the columns of the newspaper, and then silence reigned for a little while. Mr.--. Temple had left the room, and Arthur Avas now engaged in a column which appeared to interest him more than politics, foieign complications, or the state of the money market, all of which matters had formed subject of conversation. Presently he spoke. ' It is a great pleasure to me to be able to speak openly to you, sir, and to feel ihat, though you do not always agree with me, I can say exactly what is in my mind.' _ ' Such a pleasure, Arthur, is more deeply felt by a father than by a son.' ' It may be so, sir, but I know that my pleasure is very great.' ' Unhappily, Arthur, this kind of confidence is too rarely cultivated. It needs no cultivation in us. It already exists.' As he spoke his arm stole about Arthur's shoul .trf and fondly rested there. ' You have so directed my thoughts to myself and my career before me that, as 1 read, I find myself almost unconsciously examining the relative impres sions produced upon me by current events.' ' An intellectual sign, Arthur.' 'Pray, sir, do not flatter me too much,' said Arthur seriously ; ' it produces in me a sensation which is not entirely agreeable.' f 'You must make allowance, Arthur, for a father a pride in his son.' ' Forgive me for my remark ; I forgot myself for a moment. I doubt whether I deserve the love you bestow upon me.' ' You more than deserve it, my deaT boy, by returning it.' 'Which I do, sir, heartily, sincerely. Well, then, I Avas about to say that I find myself much moie affected by the domestic and social incidents in the newspapers than by the larger historical records. For instance, neither the political crisis nor the war pro duces within me so strong an impression as the sad history comprised in this short paragraph.' Mr. Temple turned his head towards the paper, and glanced at the paragraph pointed out by Arthur, making no attempt to read it. ' Concerning any public person, Arthur r' ' No, sir. Concerning one whose name might never haA*e been knoa n but for her misfortunes.' ' Her misfortunes ! A woman, then r' ' A poor girl, found drowned in the river.' ' Murdered ' She met her death by her OAvn hands. On the river bank she had placed her child, a mere infant three or four months old. The poor girl — scarcely my age, and beautiful, the account says — must have droAvned herself in the night when it was dark. First she stripped herself of her warm under-clothing, and wrapped her baby in it to protect it from the cold, hoping no doubt that it would fall into humane hands soon after she Avalked to her doom. But the night passed, and the child was not discovered. By a strange fatality, within a few hours after the girl-mother was drowned, the waveB washed her body on to the river's bank near to the form of her child, and when the sun shone, its light fell upon the dead mother and her living child lying side by side. There was nothing about her to prove her identity ; even the initials on her clothes had been carefully removed. But a paper was found, on which was written, evidently by one of fair education : ' By mv sinful act I remove myself and my shame from the eyes of a cruel Avorld. I die in despair, unconsoled by the belief that retribution will fall upon the head of him who betrayed and deserted me.' On the head of him who betrayed her ! Is it possible that such a man, after reading this record of his guilt — as perhaps he may be doing at this very moment— can enjoy a moment' b happiness ? Ib it possible that he can Bleep ? Though by this dead girl's generosity his secret is safe, retribution will fall upon him — as surely as there is a heaven above us ! If I discovered that ever in my life I had clasped the hand of such a man, I should be tempted to cut mine from its wrist to rid myself of the shameful contamination oi his touch ! What is the matter, sir ? You are ill !' 'A sudden faintness, Arthur— nothing more. I have been working hard lately, and I need rest. Good night.' As Mr. Ten pie rose to leave the room, lie turned from Arthur's anxious ga e a face that was line the face of a ghost. 