Varieties. Intending to compliment a young lady by calling her a gentle Iamb, a French man said, ' She is one mutton as is small.' New Features. — The uhotngraDh business cannGt very well help growing, as new features are constantly introduced in it. ' It's thrue,' said Paddy to Dennis one day, ' it wor a grand soight. But whoileye're standin' sit down, an' oi'il teil ye all abeut it.' Affection. — ' There, that explains where my clothes line went to !' exclaimed xr ? i ? ? _ v -? -.i a launcc woman, as sue iouna ner ? husband hanging in the barn. From a Lady Too. — A conceited young country parson, walking home from church with one of. the ladies of his congregation, said, in allusion to his rustic audience : ' This morning I preached to a congregation of asses !' — ' I thought of that,' observed the lady. ' when you called them your ' beloved brethren.' ' What is the difference between an oil exofficer of the government and the pre sent governor-general of Canada ? — One is a duffer out, and the other a Dufferin. If you wish the pick of men and women, take a good bachelor and a good wife. It is more importaut ' that a wife should be a gossip, and talk pleasantly and smartly of common friends, and the thonsend and one nothings of the day and hour, than that she should speak with the tongues of men and angels ; for a while together by the fire happens more frequently after marriage than the presence of a distinguished foreigner to dinner. Poetry and cookery are so rarely m^t with in combination that we should have set them down as quite incompatiblef had it not been for the following paragraph which we have just seen in the Stafford shire Advertise »? : ' If the youug ladies of Wolverhaupton wish to get good hus bands tbey wi! ' g.j to ti;e ocbool of Cookery on Jdoniay and they wiil take lessons in the poets of the nineteenth cen tury ftvmj Professor Wilkins, at the School of Arts ou Wednesday, for then they will become irresistible, and all th-j sensible young m -u in the country will flock to Wolverhampton in search of wives.' it wou'd he fouid in the law of insur ance. TLongh in most cases the compauits are cautious in refusing claims, a recent decision rules that a man who kills himself in the delirium of a lever avoids his p .dicy ; whereas, if the fever kills hioi, it holds good. The rilpa nf f.t'-miwravw to atiIti U.I J IU JQUIllJf IO VU1I recognised so far as it enables a jnry to allow Christian bnrial and civic rights. The law may be too hard : but, as administered, it is too easy. — Saturday Review. j Solving a Problem.— Madame ! Suzanne Lagier, a good actress, but extremely stout, was one night enacting a part in a' melodrama with Taillade, the original Pierre of 'The Two Orphans,' who had at one moment to carry her faintiti? eff the sta^e. He tried with all his might to lift the fat heroine ; but although she helped her little comrade by standing on tiptoe in the usual manner, he was unable to move her an inch. At this juncture a boy in the gallery cri^d out : 44 Take what yon can, and come back for the rest.' The Bagpiper Inflated. — ' The stately step of a piper' is a proverb in Scotland which reminds one of an anecdote of a certain noble lord when in attendance upon the Queen at Balmoral a few years ago. Having been commissioned by a friend to procure a performer on the pip^s, he applied to Her Mnj^sty's piper, a fine, stalwart Highlandman ; and, on being asked what kind of performer was required, his lordship said, in reply, ' Jnst such another as yourself.' The cons°q^ential Celt readily exclaimed, ' There are plenty o lords like yoursel , but very j few sic pipers as me !' I A certain nobleman more remark- j able for his ancestry than his intellect ! said to Macklin, ' What a pity you are a player !' ' What cried Mackiu, ' Would you have me a nobleman ?' A Wag's Advice. — A young man once asked Mr. Tooke, how he should select a bride. ' Carefully observe the whole cir.le of your acquaintance, and select the piettiest, blithest, and most virtuous maiden. Be sure that her j pecuuiarv eiroumstances and health are good, an I engage yourself to her. When ihe ha;-py day has arrived, and the bride and her relations are ready to go to the altar, mount a fleet horse, and flee in the opposite direction.' John Philpot Curran and Father O'L-ary w re great friends and 6-*emed to hive a nmtoal respect for e»ch other's talents. On-? day, after dinner, Curran said : ' Revereud father, I wish you were St. Peter.' *' And why would you wish that?' asked O'Leary. ' Be cause, reverend father, in that case,' s.iid Curran, 'you wou!d have the keys of Heavrn and you could let me in.' ' By my honor and conscience,' replied the divine, ' it would be better for yon that I had the keys t f the olher place ; for then I could let you out.' Curran enioved the lofcp. and admitted- there might be a good deal of justice in it. Three Ghosts ? — An amusing st.ory, which may be of some profit to believers in spirits, is told by a Paris paper. A few days ago a student died in a boarding-house. The deceased was buried, but immediately aficr some persons pret- n led that his ghost re turned every night to the room where he died. Needless to fiay, uobody could be got to occupy the chamber. At last a student of a less superstitious nature arrived, and coi.seuled to slei-p in the haunted room. But two of the old lodgers, ann»yed «t bis incredulity, determined to convince him against his will. They covered themselves up in sheets, and, as the clock struck mid night, glided into tbe cliaufber, mutter ing the most awful groans. But they had reckoned without, their host, who, having his suspicions, also put on a sheet, and hid himself in the cupboard, aud as the two disguised lodgers btalked around the bed be quie'ly came out of his retreat aud followed them. They no sooner ocuglit sight of him than they rushed off trembling, and the next morning paid their bills, and left the house firm converts to spiritualism. A Roland for an Oliver. — Bassoui- pitrre, French ambassador t- Spain, was telling Henry VI. how he entered Madrid. ' I was mounted on tlie very smallest mule in the world,' said ihe ambassador. '? Ah,' said the King, ' what a very amusing sight, to see the biggest ass mounted on the. smallest mule !' ' I was your Majesty's representative,' was the rejoinder. A Ch irlemont marketman, says the Springfield Union, when delivering goods one morning discovered, on leaving the house of a customer, a custard pie eet in a window, where the lady of the house had placed it to cool for dinner. He at once appropriated it, and driving direeily to the store of the lady's husband, called him out and told him he had 44 hooked a nice custard pie and if he wuld get some cheese they would have a nice time eating it. Of course the cheese was forthcoming, and, after satisfactorily disposiug of the pie, the question arose what to do with the plate. The merhanl said be would take care of that, and suiting the action : to his words, dashed it against tbe wall. When the merchant went home to dinner that day, his wife apologized for not hav ing any dessert, saying .she made a cus tard pie for dinner, and set it in the win dow to cool, and she supposed some b^ys had stolen it. Her husband wasn't pie hungry, and seemed quite pleaded about something, but kept 41 mum.' Next morning the merchant, meeting the marketman, sang ont, u Pie?' Iu r^ply the other said, ' Cheese ! And whose plate wss that you smashed ?' Neatly Parried. — A gentleman who had been dining ont the night before went jnto a barber's shop one moraing to be shaved. He saw that the barber had been taking aiore than was good for him, i-:r his hand shook very much, and, natn rally indignant, be began to give him a little more advice by saying, ' Bad thing, drink.' ' Y*-s,' said the barbtr. ' it makes the skin unco' tender.' The Corpus Christi (Texus) Times has been studying human nature. It says: — To owe. is human ; To pay up, divine. It was once observed to Lord Palmer* fiton that a certain ' M.P., always in debt, intended to bring in a bill. ' Let him,' cried the Premier ; ' but it would do him more credit, and prove more sat isfactory to certain parties, if he were to take up one.' Pat Out of Place. — An Irishman, being tried for assault and battery in Virgtbia City, Nevada, when asked by the judge if he had anything to say by way of defence, replied, ' Well, your honor, I saw but little of the fight, as I was underneath most of the time.' ' The Homour of Madness.' — A well-known leader of the Libaral party has a mania for visiting madhouses and ' interviewing their inmates ; and recently he has come across an incident almost unparatieiea in us mcompreuensiriility. He went to a private lunatic asylum which he had previously visited, aud, seeing there a distinguished -looking mail sittinsr moodily alone, went up and sai 1 to him — ' How do you do ? I think I have seen you before. May I ask your name ?' ' My name !' re turned the man, fiercely. ' I am Ah-xander (he |Great'' 'Why,' said the visitor, who suddenly remembered having already had a discussion with the man', ' the la6t time I was here you were St. Paul 44 Yes, of course,' the man r- joined, quickly, '' but that was by the first wife.' 