p Satter-cf-tact RomancB. BI-CHABLES BEADS. ?Itydanghter'anuneys Julia/ - observed His. Dodd, a little t»tttily; tat instantly recoverinc bereelf, she paid, 'thuja Dr. Sampson, love, an old * And til* Author an, Inyintor of tb1 great Cteono Ihainnal theory o* Mi3icine, till' XJnity Perriodi city an' Eemittencyofall disease,' put inthevbi lor, with such prodigious swiftness of elocution, that the words went tumbling over one another tike railway carriages out on pleasure, and the sentence -was n pile of loud, indistinct syllables. Julia'e loraly ejea dilated at this clisiunadaver, «nd«he bowed coldly. Dr. Sampson had revealed tn this chart interview neatly all the characteris tics of voice, speech, and manner, the bad been taught bom infancy to shun; boisterous, gesticula lory, idiomatic ; sad had taken, the discourse put of her mamma's mouth, twice; now Albion Villa was a Bed Indian hut in one respect ; hers nobody interrupted. Mrs. Dodd had little personal Egotism, hat shs tad a mother's, and could not spare this oppor tunity of adding another Doctor to her collection ; to she said, hurriedly, ' Will you permit me to show you -what your learned confrerars have pre scribed her ? Julia signed aloud, and deprecated the subject with earnest furtive signs ; Mrs Dodd would not see them. Now, Dr. Sampson, was him self afflicted with, what! shall venture to call 8 mental ailment; to wit, a furious intolerance of Other men's opinions j be bad not cvou patience to bear them. ? Mai— dear— mad'm,' said be, hastily, 'when you're told me their names, that's enough. Short treats her for liver. Sir William goes in for lung disease or heart, Chalmers sis it's the nairves, and Kinyon the mookis meuibriD; and 1 eay they are tools and lyres all four.' ' Julia !' ejaculated Mrs. Dodd, * this is very ex traordinary.' 'No, itis not extraordinary, ' cried Dr. Sampson : defiantly ; 'nothing is extraordinary. And d'ye, think I've known these shallow men thirty yeare, and not plumbed em ?' 'Shallow, jmy good friend, excuse me! they are the ablest men in your own branch of your own learned profession.' . 'Th' ablest?! Oh, you mean the moneyniaking cst ; now listen me 1 our lairned Profession is a rascally one. It is like a barrel of beer. Wbiit rises to the top ? ' Here he paused for a moment, then answered himself furiously, ' The Scum 1 ' This blast blown, he moderated a little. ' Look, see! 'said he, 'up to three or four thousands year, a Docker is often an honest man, and some times knows something of medicine ; not mucb, because it is not taught anywhere ; but, if he is making over fire thousand, he must be a rogue or else a fool; either he has booed an' booed, and cript an' crawled, int' wholesale collusion with the apothecary an' the accoucheur— the two jockeys that drive John Bull's faemily coach — and they are sucking the pashint togither, like a leash ol leeches, or else he lias turned spicialist ; has tacked his same to eome poplar disorder, real or imaginary; it needn't exist to be poplar. Now, those four you have been to are spicialists, and that means monomaniacs— their buddies exspatiate in West-ind squares, but their souls dwell in a u'alley ?very man Jack of 'em ; Abeford's in Stomich Alley, Chalmers's iu Knirve Court, Short's niver stirs out o' Liver Lane, Paul's is stuck fast in Kidney Close. Einyon's in Mookis If embrin Mews,, and Uibbard's in Lung Passage. Look see ! nixt time y' ou of iorts,Etido' consulting three bats an a n'owl at a guinea the piece, send direct to me, and I'll give y' ill tbeir opinions, and all their prescriptions, gratis. And deevlich dear ye'll rind 'em at the price, if ye swallow *m.' Mrs. Dodd thanked him coldly for the offer, but kid die would be more gratetul if he would show bis superiority to persons of known ability, by just curing her daughter on the spot. . ? Well, I will,' said he. carelessly; and nil his Ere died out of him, 'Put out your tongue !— Now your pulse!' Mrs. Dodd knew her man (ladies are very apt to fathom their male ncqumntnnce— too apt, I think ;) and, to pin him to the only medical theme which interested her, seized the opportunity while be was in actual contact with Julia's wrist, and rapidly enumerated her symptoms, and also told bun. what Mr. -Osmond had eaid.tbout HvpcKeEtuesin, 'V '. 'Goose Greece !' barked Sampson, loud, clear, .and sharp as an irritated watch-dog! but this one bow-wow vented, he was silent as abruptly. Mrs. Dodd smiled, andjproceeded to Hyperoemia, and thence to the AntiHlK'stic Regimen. At this unhappy -ad jdefire, Sampson jnmped up, cast away his patients hand, forget her existence —she was hut a charming individual— and galloped into hie native region, Generalities. ' Antiphologistic ! Mai — dear— mad'm. that one long fragmint of ass's jaw has slain a million. Adapted to tlie weakness of human nature, which receives with rivirince ideas however childisb, thatcome draped in long-tailed, and exotic words, that aasinine polysyllable has riconciled the modern mind to the chimeras of th' ancients toj outbutcbered the gallotine, l|iff^t*j|g&l; to) £m cwor ; ay, and but for me Had barred TTHtpi ForclnrurieiSBk . on the great coming science.TJfc»«tBTIee e? {rtittW diseases instead of denning and dividing 'em and lengthening their hamee and their durasuin, and shortening nothing but the pashint. Th' antiphlo gistic Therey is this: That disease is fiery, and that any artificial exhaustion of vital force must cool the system, and reduce the morbid fire, called, in their donkey Latin, 'fiamma,' and in their com pound donkey Latin, ' inflammation,' and. in their Goose Greece, 'pologosis,' 'phlegmon,' &c.; And accordingly th' antipbologistic Practice is, to cool the sick man by bleeding him, and, when blid. either to rebleed him with a change of instrument bites and stabs instead of gashes, or else to rake the blid, and then blister the blid raked, and then push mercury till the teeth of the blid, raked, and blistered shake in their sockets, and to starve the Mid, purged, salivated, -blistered wretch from first to last. This is the Antiphlogistic system. Itis seldom carried out entire*, because the pasbint at the first or second link in their rimedial chain, ex pires; or else give such plain signs of sinkiug, that even these ass-ass-ins take fright, and try t' undo their own work, not disease's, by tonics, an' Aurtle, and stimulants; which things given at the right time ientead of the wrong, giveu when the pashint was merely weakened by his disorder, and not enfeebled by their didly rimedies, would have cut th' ailment down in a few hours.' ' ' Dear me ! said Mrs, Dodd ; ' and now, my good friend, with respect to my daughter ? ' ' V list me !' clashed Sampson ; ' ye're goen to fathom tn' antiphblogislfcs; Since the still eurvi ve an' slay in holes and corners like Barkton an d'lUy ; I've driven the vamperes out o' the cintros o' civilisation. Begin with tbeir coolers ! Exhaus tion is not a cooler, it is a fererer, and they tanow It they way parrots know sentences. Wby we are ill more or less feverish at night ? because we are weaker. Starvation is not cooler, it is an inflomer, and they know it, as parrots know truths, bat cant apply them ; for they inow that burning lever rages iu ivery town, street, camp, where famine is. As for bloodletting, their prime cooler, it is inflammatory ; and they know it (parrot-wise), [or the thumping heart, and bounding pulse, of pashints blid by butchers in black, and bullocks blid by butchers in blue, prove it ; and the have re corded this in all their books; yet stabbed, and bit, apd starved, and mercuried. and murdered, on. But mind ye, all their eham coolers are real weakeners ((wonder thgy didn't inventory Satin and his brimstin take among tbeir refrijrators), and this is the point where t' appreciate their imbecility and the sairvice I have rendered mankind in been the first t' attack their banded shool, at a time it seemed imprignable.' ' Ah, this promises to be very interesting sighed Mrs, Dodd ; ' and before you enter on so large a field, perhaps it would be as well to dispose of a tittle matter which lies at my heart. Here is my poor daughter ? ' 'Nuseuee! A human bein is in a constant state of flux and reflux; his component particles move, change, disappear, and are renewed ; hie life i* a round of exhaustion and repair. Of this re pair the brain is the sovereign ajint by night and day ; and the blood the great living material ; and digestible food the indispensible supply. And this balance of exhaustion and repair is too nice to tamper with; disn't a single sleepless night, ordin nerless day, write some pallor on the face, and tell against the buddy i So does a single excessive prescription, a trilling diary, or acut finger.thougb it takes bnt half an ounce of blood out of the sys tem. And What U the cauee of that rate inrict— it occurs only ftfasbinte ttattant afford docking — Dith«fronr,«ta.*geP Think ye the man really Buccumme -under- years, or is mowed down by time?' -NayVyon* ?justPotry and Bosh. Sashing have been thinned by the lancet, but never by the scythe; and yean axe not forces, but misures of events. No, Centenarious decay and dies, oekase hisbodil'exptndinturegoeEon,and his bodil' in- come lessenB by failure of the reparative and re productive forces. And now suppose bodil' ex haustion and repair were a mere matter of pecuni ary, instead of vital, economy ; what would you say to the steward, or housekeeper, who, to balance your accounts and keep you solvent, should open every known channel of expinse with one band, and with. -the other— stop the supplies ? Vet this is bowitbe Dockers for thirty einturies hare burned th' human candle at both ends, yet wondered the light of life expired under their bands.' ' It seems rational. Then in my daughter's case you would ? ' 'Lookseel A pashint falls sick. What haps ditectly ? Why the balance is troubled, and ex haustion exceeds repair. For proof, obiairve the buddy when Disease is fresh I And yo-J will always find alcsMJl flesh. Topntit economikly. and then you must under stand it, been a housekeeper — Whaliaver the Diiratr. iu form, its essence. Exptndituregoeson. and iBcomc lessens. To this sick and therefore weak man, enter a Docker purblind with einturies ot Cant, l'ricidint. Blood and Goose Greece ; imagines him a fiery per valid. though tbe common sense o[ mankind throngh its interpreter common InDguage, pro nounces him, what be is and looks, an ' invalid,' gnshea him with a lancet, spills out tbe great liquid material ol all repair by the gallon, and fells ihis weak man. wounded now, aud pale, and faint ing, with Dith stamped on his lace, to tb' earth, like a bayoneted soldier or a slaughtered ox. 11 thd weak man, wounded thus, and weakened, sur vives, then tbe chartered Thugs who have drained him by the bung-hole, turn to and drain him by thetpigot; they rake him, and then blister him, and then calomel him ; and lest Nature should have the ghost ol a chance to counterbalance these (rightful outgoings, thay kea strong meat and drink out of his system emptied by their ctaus, bites, purges, mercury, aud blisters ; damdijjits! And that, Asia excipted, was professional Midicine from Hippocrates to Saiupsin; Antiphlogistic :is but a modem name for an aes-ass- inating routine which has uiver varied a hair since scholastic midicine, the silliest and didliestof.il! tile hundred forms of Quackery, first rose— unlike Science, Art, Keligiou, and all trueSuns— in the West ; to wound the sick ; to weaken the weak ; and mutilate the hurt ; aud thin mankind.' The voluble impugner of hie own profession de livered these two last words in thunder so sudden and effective n* to strike Julia's work out of her hands. But here, as iu Nature, a moment's pause followed the thunderclap ; so Mrs. Dodd, who bad long been patiently wutcbing her opportunity, smothered a shriek, and edged in a word: 'This is irresistible! you have confuted everybody; to their heart's content; and now the question is, what course shall we substitute?' She meant, ' in the great case, which occupies me.' iiut Sampson attached a nobler, wider, senas to her query ' What course? Why the great Chronothairinal practice, liasad on tlie remittent aud febrile character of all disease ; above all, on The taw of Periodicity, a law Whence Midicine yet lias wells uf light to draw. By reniitteucy, I mean the ebb of disease, by per riodicity.th' ebb and also the flow, the paroxysm and tne remission. These remit and recur, and keep time like the tides, not in ague and remittent fever only, as the Profession imagines to tbis day, but in all diseases from a Scirrbus in the Pylorus t' a toothache. And I discovered this, and the i:ew paths tocuroofnlldiseaseB itopsns. Alone I did it; and what my reward? hooted, insultud, belied, aud called a quack, by the banded school of pro fessional assassins, who, in their bay hooted Har vey aud J inner, authors too of great discoveries, but discoveries narrow in their consequences com pared with mine, T' appreciate Chionotbairma lism, ye must begin at the beginning; so just answer me — What is man ?' At this huge inquiry whirring up all in a mo ment, like u cock-pheasant in a wood, Mrs. Dodd sank back i n her chair despandent. Seeing lierhors de combat, Henipson turned to Julia aud de manded' twice as loud, ' What is Man ?' Julia opened two violet eyes at him, aud then looked a t her mother for a hint how to proceed. ' How can that child auswer such a question?' sighed Mrs. Dodd. . ' Let us return to the point.' ? I have never strayed an inch from it. lt'sabout ' Young Physic' ? Nn, excuse me, it is about ft young lady. Uni versal Medicine ! what have i to do with tha.tr' ' Now this is the way with them all.'ciied Samp son, furious; 'there lowed John Bull. Theuieu and women of this benigbtednnshin have an ear for anything; provided it matters untiling; Jology, Conchology, Etomology, Theology. Mateorolopy Astronomy, Deuteronomy, Botberouonio, or Bosli ology, and one is listened, to .with riverence, be cause these are all far-off things in fogs ; but at a word about the great, near, useful art of llealiup, y'all stop your ears; for why; your life and nilianhourly happiness depend on it. But 'do,' i John Bull, the knowledge our own buddies, and w to save our own bakin, beef I mean, day by y from disease and chartered aea-ass-ins, nil that may interest the thinkers in Saturn, but what the deevil is it to us ? talk to us of the hiv'nly buddies, not of nur own ; babble o' coments an' meteors and Ethereal nibuliu (never mind the nibulio in our own skulls). Discourse to us of Pretlistinasbin, Spitzbaeisreu seaweed, tho last novel, the siventh vile ; of Chrischinising the Patagoniaus on condi tion they are not to come hero, aud Chrisebinise the Whitechapslians ; of the detter to The l\mes from the tinker wracked at Timbuctoo ; aud the dear Professor's lecture ou the probabeelity of pnail shells in the back-yard of the moon ; but don't ask us to know ourselves. — ljjits!' The eloquent speaker, depressed liy the perversity of Englishmen in giving their mimls to every part of creation but their bodies, Buttered a momentary loss of energy ; then Mrs. Dodd who Imd lous ueen watching lynx-like, glided in. 'Let us compound. You are for curing all the world, beginning with Nolmdy. My ambition is to cure my -rirl, and leave mankind in peace. Now if you will begin with my J ulia, I will submit to rectify the uni verse in its proper turn. Any timu will do to set the huniiin raca right : you own it is in nu hurry; but my child's case presses : so do pray cure her for me.' 'Mai— dear — mad'm; cure her! How on airth am I to do that?' ' At least tell me what her Indisposition is.' 'Ob! What, didn't I tell you? Well, there's nothing the matter wit her.' At receiving this cavalier reply for tho reward of all her patience, Mrs. Dodd was so hurt, and so nearly augTy,that she rose with dignity from her seat, her cheek actually pink, find the water in her eyes. Sampson saw sue was ruffled, and appealed to Julia of all people. 'There now, MiES Julee,' said be, ruefully ; ' she is in a rage because I won't humbug her. Poplus voolt decijwe. I tell you, ma'am, it is not midical nose ; give me disease and III cure 't. Stop, I'll tell ye what to do; let her take and swallow the Barkton Docks' prescrip tions, and Butcher Bests, and canting Kinyon's, and after those four tinksi'8 there'll be plenty holes to mend ; then send for me !' Here was irony. Mrs. Dodd retorted by finesse : she turned on him with a sugnred smile, and said ; 'never mind doctors and patients; itis so long since we met ; I do hope you will waivo ceremony and dine with me en ami.' lie accepted with pleasure; but must return to bis inn first and get rid of his dirty boots, and pa shints. And with this he whipped out his watch, and saw that, dealing with universal medicine, he had disappointed more than one sick individual ; so shot out as bard as be had shot in. and left the ladies looking nt one another after tho phe nomenon. ' Well ! ' said Julia, with a world of meaning. * Yes, dear.' replied Mrs. Dodd, he is a little ec centric. I think I will request them to make some addition to the dinner.' 'No, mamma, if you please not to put me off so transparently ; tell me first the reason you did not ring tbe bell, and bid the servant conduct that man to the door, very, very early iu tho confe rence? If I had interrupted and shouted, and behaved eo, you would have packed me off to bed, or eomewbere, directly.' 'Don't say 'packed,' love. Dismissed me to bed.* . ... ' Ah ! ' cried Julia, ? you are yourEelf again ; that privileged person is gone, and we must all mind our P's and Q's once more. 'This is more than natural. You would not Iny down your character for a single ;*rson,to take it up again the mo ment b?was £Qhe-witboiit a reason. Here is some mystery.' Then she clasped her hands, and rSdSmto he.wen, just ii£e the beatstutues. ?Mv own mother like a secret; a secret from Her Juloa. WelLldeservsit.' KhU acknowledgment slipped out through speaking loo fiast, and was no sooner uttered thic this statuesque ilebe Jiungber Kmostlpvosaically.and looked as if she could bite ber tongue off. -? , . . Mrs Dodd, with an air of nonchalance, replied to the effect that Dr. Sampson was not her ofl spring ; and eo she was not bound to correct sis eccentricities. 'And 1 suppose,' said sb# lazily, we must accept these extraordinary people as we find them; and it is time to dress for dinner. That day ber hospitable board was spread over a trap. Blessed with an orado irrelevantly lluent, and aurub to the point she had asked lnm to dinner with maternal address, lie could not be on his guard eternally '. sooner or later, tbrou«u in advertence, or in a moment of convivial rect'Jess ness or in a parenthesis of some grand Genera uty, he would cure her child ; or, perhaps, at Ins rate of talking, would wear out all his idle theni«s, down to the very ' well-being of mankind; -usd then Julia's mysterious indisposition would come on the blank tapis. With these secret hopes she presided at tbe least, all grace and gentle amity. Julia, too, sat down with a little design, but a very different one. viz., of very chilly company, lor she disliked this new acquaintance cordially, aud hated the science of medicine. The unconscious Object chatted away with both, and cut their replies very short, aud did swinge things ; sent away Julia's cbickeu, regardless ol her scorn, and prescribed mutiou , called tor cham pagne, aud made her drink it. aud pout : and tuus excited Mrs Dodd'd hopes Uul He was attending to the cuss by degrees. But, .liter dinner, Julia, u-- escape medicice uni versal, and particular, turned' to her mother, and dilated on (lie treachery of her literary guide, the Criticaster. * It is said ? Odd? ,nnd Ends ' was a good novel tniead by the sea-side ' Sol thought ? theu. oh. how different it must be from most books, if you can sit by the glorious sea aud even look at it' So 1 sent for it directly, and would you believe, it was au iRUoble Uiiug; nil nirta tionsaEd curates Tbe seu. indeed ! A pond would be titter to lead it bv, and ouc with, u good many ?Jesse on/ ?Was ever such simplicity?' taid .Mrs. Dodd ' Why, uiy dear, that phrase about the sc:i does not mean anything. 1 shali :are youbeUeving that Mr. So-aud-S-o.anovelist, uau ' wither tasm on able folly,' and that ' a ijnini'u] incident ' to ooe shopkeeper has 'tlirowu a gloom' over a whole market-town, nud so on. Kow-a- days every third phrase isof this character; a starling's note. Ouce, it apjiears, there was au age of gold, aud tlieu cane of iron, imd then one of brats. All these are gone, aud the a^e of ' jurgon ' has succeeded.' She siulieJ, aud Sampson took a ? tremendous header' off the sea-side novel into tho sea, of liction. He le-cbristeued that joyous art Fecksuin, aud lashed its living professors. 'You devour their three volumes greedily,' said he, 'but oftei1 your meiil you ieel as empty itsu drrum; there is no leading idea in smn; now, there always is — in Moliere ; and lieconipreheiided the lniUiciiie of his age. But what fundamental trutli d'our novelists iver convey S1 All they can do is pile incidents. Their customers dictate th' article ; uuideaed ine loorains for unideaed girls. Tlie writers andtheir fecksliiiiH belmig to one species, and tint's ' the nou-vertebrated auiuials ; ' aud tlieir midicine is liosh ; why they bleed still lor ialla and fevers ; and nivtT luentiou vital chronumetry. Then they don't look- ttniislit at Nature, but sen with tbeir ears, nud repeat, ous nn other twel ve deep. Now, listen me ! there arcs the evaders for au ' ideaed feckshiu ' in Ihikiugtou, and I'd write it, too, only I baveu't time.' At this, Julia, iorgettiug her resolution, broke out ' Ruinantic churak'tcl's in Jjsrkiuqton.'1 Who? who-' ' Who should they lie, but ury pas-bints? Ay. ye may lauub, JHss Julee, but wait till ye see them.' Ue was then seized with a lit of candour, and admitted that, sonio even of Ms pashints weve coliiurlesi; imleed, uot v.i mince the matter, six or seven of that, sacred band wore nullity iu person. ' 1 can r-umpare the liesgar.s to uolliing,' said Ue, ' Imt t!)« fjiobulas ol tiie Do-Notbiugs ; dee ? d insipid, and nothing- in 'em. But the others make- up, Man. alive, I've got :i rosy cheeked miser,' und sin ?ill-used attorney,' mid au 'honest S-jrow,' hi i= u gardener, with u. lionu like aciiit-lior.-.e.' 'Muimuii! UKUuma! tliat is Mr. llaxley. criuu Julia, clappiug lior litiuds, .iuJ thawing iu liur own despite. ' Then there's my virgin mai^yr. anil my puppy ; they are brother aud tsialar; .;::.i thoiv/s licit IVitiiur, but he it nil inipHuetnwie do;;-— won't uu bjsoiu. llowiver, lie KaiiVf ii- draw chicks i'or the otuer tv.o, and »o keejj 'em gouu. By-the-liye, j'nH know my ]-up]iy.' 'We lnue not that honour. Do we know Dr. Sampson's puppy, love :? ' inquired Mrs. Dcdd, rather languidly. ' Mamma'.— I— I — know no une of that name.' ' Don't tell me ! Wiy it was lie sent uie bore ; told me where you lived, iind j w£s to umkuhaste, for Miss Dodd was very ill ; it i» young UattttaV the banker's bou, ye know.' 