Xfacie Tom's Story of His Life. 4s AutolnogMjihj- of the Kev. Joaisli Hensou (Mts. H. B. Btowe- ?? Cud* Tom 'V from 17© to 1876. witU a FreCuce W *tt*, H. B. Sgowe, ftnd in inttooUuHory ~Xote by **B toff*. mxB*gimf editor oJ^the OtrUtim Aje, thirt^lb VaoHa&r;'Saiim, ChrMm* Aft offioe, 1876. Amoagthecrotrd of competitors who fdom all parts -jf*e«wthtkrongsdto show: their wares atiheBx bibjtlonofMW.OTett»iBgle negro exhibitor. AUhe Md to dhpky were four black wajnnt boaris, but Mr wore of the finest grain and texture, were beauti tuuy naoiji pouuhed, »»d in ijio end were awarded %m#d«J. ltT»» Ha- inscription, 'This isthepro woe M Wi iBdu^ry of ft fugitivo elavo from the jnaed rMalij^ whoae waidenc* is Dawn, Canada.' D tte M(tohk^n«fby of tint fugitive slave, first pub w»:^i Bop^D ft ooi»pU- irf years before, repubhsoei] inthfeoottntwlnaie very year of the Exhibition, and -¥ ^SM* *WW«rt IBMH* M ROW before. US in its 30th uioutand, oner a cared of six weeks, lay the germ of that rmtAtiAa work of fiction, the drauletion of jhfchhaoboeoesceededby Oat of no book nave the Jible, and which oar author may be forgiven for be Ueviog was ' the wedge that finally rent asunder' the gigniitKi fttnc of ttfpojinajt aUvery ' with a fearful cMfll|,K Y-* limit, is «a(e.cf the nwseiy protest that ' Undo TamM was killed in the book, and that Father bason, titenfore, can he no more than his ghost, is be undoubted fact, as ftgUnce at the chapter on her heroiaMra. Stowe's 'Key to Uncle Tom's Cabin,' must convince any reader. Our negro autobiographer was bom June 16, 1788, on the farm of Hi-. Frsucis fewman, now Part Tobaoco, Charles county, Mary land. To Kewmaa hli father belonged, and hi8 niotber hod been hired out by her owner, ]-r. Josiali M'Phewon, Tfho gave the boy his own Cluiition natuc, with Henson aa a surname after an uncle of his ovro, who had been, an officer in the Revolutionary War. But one reminiscence of bis father, black Hercules, air feet in he⁢, always adhered to the child, that of seeing 100 Wms Inflicted oil him by the village black smith. He hftdntnjek tbe white overseer for offering ah outrage to the boy's mother. Tho criminal, tbe moniest of his race before, became thenceforward a TQoody mutineer, was sold south into Alabama, and ia hiearaof no more. Two or three years' afterwards tbe Christian mother was sold to a, man named Kiley, who kicked her away when fshe besought him, with bitter team, to buy also her sixth and last little child, 'Siali,' or ? sie, cm young nencon was cauea, nve lMvmg already been knocked down to their bidders. The Wnmoi- consigned .Tosiah to the tender mercies of a still worse, tyrant, named Hobb, The child was often left the whole day long feebly crying ' Water !' and '?Mother I' By: a fand chance, however, the sun dered pair were sot very long afterwards reunited, Robb, who o^-ned a line of etages, having trucked '. the littio nigger * to-Kiiey_ to pay for Jiorseehoeing. jley, besuleiTb^ng a farrier, .farmed a good bit of Und, and as Boon aa Heoaon was old enough he was set to cany water to the field bonds, to weed with a horse plough between the rows of corn, and to gnxnn bis master's horec Then be had to do a. mail's day work witt the hoe, Of the slave's hard lot bis sketches are most graphic ; but the lightness of heart which he in herited from his father seldom forsook him. He boasts of the knight-errantry with which, like Mrs. Stowe's hero, he helped -weak women, exiting under their burden of toil, and confesses that he robbed henroosts to comfort the sick uegreeses, justifying tbetheft that he was but saving the lives of massaV costlier chatties at the expense .ot his less valuable livestock. Itisii;-t until alter these things that we are told of his ' con version,' at the «e of 18, through tbe very first ser mon be heard. By the time he was 20 he had risen so high in hit master s confidence that he was virtually overseer of this estate. As hia body servant, more over, ho had nightly to accompany jbtilcy to a neigh bouring tavern, wicrc he and his boon companion met to revel. On ose of these occasions when llilcy was sorely pressed by his brother's overseer, one Brj-ce Litton, Heason valiantly stood up for his drunken ntaster, aadsppo afterwards Litton, catching the black fellow alone, brok* both his anna. Henson was maimed for life. At 2? Henson married hfe first wife, Charlotte, a wcU-tatigfct and devont slave girl, owned by a neigh bouring pious family. She bore fr™ twelve children, of WfcojsD th» sev-«n Burviipre are tbe staff of biB grcon old age. RileyV affaire grew complicated, and in dread of the bailifls tbe charge of 'running off' tbe ?whole of his black live stook to be sold by his brother Anon, in Kentucky, thousands of miles off, was entrusted to Sic, Who, as they passed through Ohio, was strongly urged by more than one Christian fnond i to make a bold dash for hip own and hiii convoy's f ree- om. Tha temptation was stroiog, but he withstood it, and handen tiie consignmCBt to Kiev's brother Amos, whose estate he reached in June, 1825, Here, the rest of Issp&'s Negroes having been duly sold down Boutb, be lived three years, better, on in many respects than in Karyiend ; and in 1828, having many years a local preacher by tiie Methodist Kpiscopal Church, lenoa his title 'Reverend.' On a hint from a brother pceoch^r, £taty3o& got & pos3 from Amos Biley in the slack time of the fall, to see his own Maryland master. Oa hi? way hia co-]«iigiooist3 raised for him money enough to punch a bargain with that man for bis freedom, mjd his emancipation papers were duly made out ooth4 9th of March, 1829. But by a eort of '(wiMftitiw11 jm^Jj Isaac got hold of them flg»JTT, lest, m ha toid|*hla simple victim, aa be was starting once more for 'ble Keatpok' to tell bis wife the Rood news, the eij.ve-catcho-a should seize and tear them up. Tbe scoanirel thai endwed them in an envelope and dircotcd them to -Axnoa under a eeal, to break which Was Mow, aa he took cars to remind ' the bJack gejitieniBh' before hnnriiTis the packet. By post he wrote Mb brother, naming 1000 dnUars, instead of the 4*5 hgtted on, all but 100 h.-iiing been put down, as the price of the trusty slave ; lin furQier advised *mn« of the trazutmuuioD through Uenson of tiie tsaied packet. Before the dupe's arrival tbe story ol hie hopes, of Ireedom aad of tbe 1000 dollars to be paid for it biw got wind on the Kentucky estate, and le firet Jearat too lie from Charlotte, llut as he durst not break th« seal of the eoyelope besides, without a white ^taas, who was 1000 miles away, his free papers wise-worthless. ' ' Uncle Tom ' may surely be orgiven V hv ev&ded; the quostion about the packet with som**hitig very like a white lie. Ho told Auio?, as he had toldCbarlotte, that he bad not seen it since b« left Louiavillfi. Be had added an 'aside' to Charlotte to be quit* soro and not let her husband know if ehe fcnind*£ in bis carpet-bag. The Kentucky brother did mot press the matter and Charlotte suwca the manumission xouBii the truo cwntr't* jjerwen ivhen he -was seat doffn south. For there cannot be a shadow of a-douW that his forbodings, at the time, of the brothers bctxtgin league to sell him at New Orleans and sh^re tbe proceeds, wero but too well founded. Thltkor he was sent in a flat boat, freighted with cattle, pjgt poultry, com, and other jproduce, tbe whole being lneb*rge-of Amos Ril«y, junior. Hetison felt gore that hi also woe to he put uj- for sale, a pre sentiment verified- by the event. His horror at the fate staring bimin t£o face waa greatly iatensified un the Toy&ae; by Bsight.of tie woe^tricken and hungcr pincbed featnr* of his former tello-vr-suives. in tue anguifih of his despair he was overtaken by a tempta tion of which bo must himself speak : — ' On« daj-k, rainy night, within u few dny'H sail of New Orieaas, my hour uecmed to have oome, 1 was alone on the dock, Master Aiaos and tbo. hands were ail asleep bejow, and I crept down noiselessly, got hold of nn axe, entered the cabin, and looking by the aid of a dim light there for- my victims, my eyes fell upon Master Axnoa, who vras nearest to me. My hand slid along the axc- handle, I raised it to strike the fatal blow, when-enddealy the thought came to me, 'What! commit mnrder !: and you a Christians' I fcnd not called H -ninrfer before, bat seif-defence, to prevent others fromTOurdsringme. I thought it was justifi able, ana«s)en praiseworthy. All at once the truth hunt upon mo tiia^it was. a crime. I was going to kill ii young *nan who had done nothing to injure me, but was only obejing the commands of bis father. I wns about to lose tie Wit of all my efforts at selfimprove jnent, the chaiacter % had acquired, and the pcaue of mind that hail never deserted me. AUtniBcajneuiwn me with a dlatinctnEta which almost mode me think I ieard it whispered toony eara, and I belicvo»I even turned my hoad*o Ifrteru I shrunk back, hud down the ose, and thanked God, as I have done every day since, that I dMiuit commit that murder. Hyfcelingx were still agitated, iwtitfcoy were changed; I was filled ssitii shame and remorse k-c '^ de&igu; I hod enter tataed, and tearing that my companions would detect it ia my face, or pat a, .eareleas word would betray my guilty thoughts, I remained on deck all night, lnwtead of rousing one of tiieimen to relieve the watch ; and nothing brought composure to mv mind butthosolemn resolptJon 1 ttien made, to resign myself to the will of God, and take with theokfuhww, ^ I could, but with subinJssion,.at«jl events, whatever Ho might decide should be my lot.' . His deliverance seemed to be nuractuous. iniing Amos, after frankly avowing his purpose at Jew Orleans, and showing Henson^ good points to buyers, was suddenly «truck down by yellow fuver, ^ud now benre4 and prayed for forgiveness. ' Stick to me, Siel Stick to me, Sie I Don't leavo me. lamsorrj Jwaflfi^nngtosellyou.' S6e nurec-d his enomy in the nlague-stncken city, up Ae malnriouB river, and hao4fld him safe tfl pis fatlior: but the light of frceuom bad dawned upoalitm. He fled, and on the 28tb of Octobci-, 1830, reached the Canadian banks of the river. He lost oot« irr till ha found honest labour and pro cured a, ulidter lor pis wiio and children. Three years alter he hired honself to a new master, Hia first Cft»adi»» cmplpWr had fcflnt his boy Tom to evhool, and Tom h»d taught his fathor to read by Uie light of pineJtuots. Tbe jnarvel is that one as dark in inmd till fifty «s hp vnmia body should hare learnt to write, and etui more thai he *bould rwd and i^poak so like a echalarthat Aichtishop ^Sumner aaked him, in 1851. at what TJnivafity he had been trained. But full tfteenje&re; beiotie that we find him thinking out the jf*raHiyp rif THiHtf ftni iT^r^^y and lecturing! tohi^flock nn lYi&**i{B*np~iaAt\ '^ri^ Via teachings lie paved the irft^wrtLerrte 'm^o* Settlement at CaTrtL Of the darK dond which too eooQ afterwards lowered over it 'ft eometUng like a srore at jwre, leaving Umsou tho beggared victim of his heroic and ultimately suc cessful struggles to bee from unlawful usurpation the fine estate of -what ia now the Wilberfonce Univenaty, spacefaileusto speak. Tne 'Uncle Tom' torso of lie life is now complete, and the end ha$ not been un worthy of the beginning.— The Times. 