THE SLA CK 'MUSEUM, "Tako caro how you stop," snya a cour teous official, who hqa precoded tho visitor up a Btairoase lu ono of tho houses in Bcot- land-ynrd (the locale of tho Loudon polioe), and opened a door on nn upper floor j "we are obliged to tnrow a great deal ot tins about." Tho substnnco iu question ia a dis infecting powder, inimical to "tbo moth;" . the room is a large, bare- floored apartment, with barred windows, fitted up with wido shelves, which aro divided into square com- partmouta ; tlio aontre is occupied by a shelved stand, also divided into compart ments, and thoir contents are liberally sprinklod with tbo all-pervading powder. The roam is that in which tha artioles of .property taken from convicts about to undergo their sontoncea are stowed away until they are reclaimed by their owners ; . the stand in the centre is a roaoptaole for objeots of (ho "nnlawful-posscssion" class, to which a largo room upstairs is also devoted. Overhead is tho "Blaok Museum," in wbioh, during tho last three years, pieces de conviction, whioh until theu hail heon kept indiscrimin ately with tho other property of criminals, havo been arranged nnd lnbollod, forming a ghastly, squalid, and suggestive show. On entering the lower room, tbo visitor is struck by ita odd resemblance to a sood shop. Hun dreds of hooks stud the rims of tho shelves and tbo aidos of the compartments, and from them Are suspended hundreds of little pao- kets, noatly made up in brown paper, tiud with white twino, and severally distin guished by largo parohmcut. labels, each bearing n coat inscription. Tho paokots oontain small artioles taken from tlio pri soners, who in duo course, aftor thoy are discharged from prison, will bo brought to Scotland-yard, will have their portaits taken (by foroo, should thoy object to that process) ; tho larger things aro do- posited in the compartraonta of the shclveB, nnd every itom,. no matter bow insigni ficant, is entered ' in tho propor re gisters. A motley collection are tho Inrgor artioles, with a preponderance among thein of grimy pocket-books and greasy purses, — ono trim and pretty band-bosket strikes tbo visitor's eyo— bat thero are valuabio things in some of those parcels ; and downstairs, in tho officials' room, is n massive iron safe, fitted with sliding shelves, in which is kept a largo collection of watches, rings, chains, pins, scent-bottles, penoil-casos, aud other jewellery, whioh are- oither tho lawful- pro perty of prisoners, or havo been found in their unlawful possession and confis cated, but. for whom iio owners havo been discovered. Among tho watches uro come beautiful specimens ; ono in particular, taken from a coatermongcr, and of exquisite work manship and ornaraontntion, is valued at fifty pounds. The Prisoners' Property room 1b aorupulously olean and tidy, but tho look of it is forlorn and squalid, the powder lies thiok on overythfng, and the soont of moth and rot is in the air. Great bales of cloth and woollen stuff ocoupy the shelves of the central Btand ; they are shaken, _ and beaten, and turned, but all to no avail ; tho moth and the rot have got them, -while tbo prison has got the former unlawful possessors of them, and tbo un wholesome weirdaoss peculiar to onco worn, but long unused garments is upon tho articles of wearing apparel whioh are hung or folded up in tho room. This impression oomos moro strongly npon tho visitor when ho goes up higher still, into tbo topmost apartment, where heaps of olothing hang against tho walls, some new, somo worn. A girl's whito fur jaoket behind tho door is a mere nur sery for moths, a bunch of new boots of several aizes dangling from a peg " at tho end of a long string is all speckled with a measly mildew ; tho heaps of Bliawls have a draggled and furlivo look, nnd some children's oTothing haa a touch of ita inse parable prettiness, oven here, Old books, a picture or two, some worthless tablo orna ments, innumorablo articles, which could not bo described or classod except as odds and ends, form a portion of this collection, whioh goes on accumulating, and which has no ultimate dostiuation. " What is to bccomo of all this ?" asks tlio visitor, aud is answered, to hia surpriso, that nobody knows ; that the things are nobody's property, aud nobody has tho power to do anything with thom— a piece of information whioh makes thom more ghastly and nightmareliko to tho imagina tion than bofoxo. An ever-growing dust- ( heap, formed of thieves', olothing and unlaw ful possessions, with nobody to cart it away, to distribute it, or bury it out of eight for . ever more ; an noouinulating banquet always spread for tho moth, tho rust and tho rot — tuo contents of thoeo rooms aro far from ploasant to think of. It sooma supremely rldioulous, .but it is a faot that nothing short of a legislative measure could rid th# promises of thoso rotting garments out of whoso cvory fold ono might shake, with tho dust, an imago of squalor, orimo and punisbmcut. Outside tho door of tho Blaok Musoum isaoholf, iu tho wall of tho landing-placo. Tho visitor passing it ia aware of a huddled heap of dirty coats, a sorgo gown, and neoareu kind of rug, tho skin of on auimnl, with tho rod and white hair on. Under tho sholf, on tho floor, lies soiuo rough paoking-oloth. Hs passoa tho heap oaroloisly — there's n littlo oan full of a disinfecting fluid on tho samo sholf — and ontors tho Musoum. What aro his first impressions of it? Thoy nro various — that it is like a bit out of ngnraokoopor's room,' with a bigger bit out of a smith's forgo, a touoh of a caponier's workshop, a broad sug gestion of a hatuoss room, something of tbo marlno-storo complexion (and a good doni of its odor), a hint of tho open-air stall in front of ft pawnshop In a very small way of busf- nooiWlotil, alittle of tlio barraok-room gun- ' rattle, with no "bright barrels " enforced ; a general air of lumber-room, with just a dash. pC anatomioal musoum, ; but above all, and increasing . with pvpry moment's prolonged lObsorvatlon, a likonoss to, the outlory booth Jn a foreign fair, with all tiio knives symmo- trioally displayed, but . unaccountably rutty, aud dim-bladod, as if thebooth had boen shut' up for half a century, nnd the salesman and ihis oustomors woro all ghosts- Opposite thO door, and on tbo fnoo of tho wall to the right, - are tho objoots displayed on n wooden sholf with iron logs, . iwliioh convoy to tlio visitor a hint of, tho upon air - stall , in front of a pawnshop in ' a . Tory small 'way of husuioas iudood. A' common littlo looking-glass in a wooden frame, with afoot to it, four blaok glass buttons, two wisps of ropo, n pair of trumpery earrings in a cardboard 'box, two ballots, a pipe, a oluator of soft, now dull, light brown hair, wound round a pad, a comb, a pookot-knifo, : and a iittio wonuen stand oovorod with glass,; nro among tho most ' notioeablo articles. Oh tbo shelf to tlio right lire , a dirty Prnyor- book, » pookot dictionary, a pair of boots, a gaudy bag worked in bonds, and tlio. ornshod remains of a woman's bonnot, mndo of tho commonest blaolc lace, and llattaued into slinpalcssuoss. In both' those iustanoos the, othor improssiooB of tho plauo ooma in too, : for ovor tho sholf fronting tho door hang workman's tools, . hnmmor, and clonver, and spado, . sod hosido that , on the riglit ia just Bucli a bundlo as adorns tho walls of tha Marino Store; it oonslsts of a gown and pottiooat, of ohsnp, > poor stud', bearing dreudful, dim stains, and a battorocl oriuolino. Tbo visitor is in prosomio of tho moan objoots whioh per-. lotuntb hero the memory of two poculiariy lorriblo orimos, Tbo soft brown hair Is that of Harriot Lane, ' the bnttoiiB and the ear rings nro thoso whioh were found ' in thd- earth whoro hor body had boen huribd, tbo bullots woro taken out of beroku!l, >tlin'objoat undor tho glnas-oaso is tho snored piuco other akin whiuTi oouiplotod tho idontifiontion of: the body ; tlio wisps of: ropo dragged' her ont of - tlio oartli undor - tlio warehouse, tlio clonver, tlio hummor, niul tho spado nro tbo iiuplomonts with whioh tho horrible' dood wbioh led to tho tmi'rdurbr'a dotootion, were dono. Tho Itnifo was Thomas Wain-' . Wright's, ; tho pipe was ltonry's, and whon . the visitor M loaring the in,usoum die, will bo: -shown, in'Uio paclt-olotli on the floor undor.. tlio, sholf outsido t)io door,- tho v. wrapper- in, whioh tha 'dismembered body- was paakod ;i and in ' ono . of1 . tho dirty " coatn — a; horrid tiling, ' with" its ' hideous ; Vents'; and smears — Waiiiwllght's vbsturo ' on ' tho ' ibboaaiOn.'-d Tlio ooat oftho captniii bf'tlio " Lenriio," with tho' gash in tho ielotlr torn'1 by tlio knlfo of his lnurdoror,; nu(l Ronton ' through aiid through 'with' moth' and rot,' 'is \- uot nearly so disgusting an object ; nnd as for 1 tlio sorgo ' robo of 'that poor regno) "1'ro- fossor /.endft venta, " ,'nn'd .'tho hide clonk.of tho bpnfisoqtod "aivi|.pi.pic»l" wax African,' who grius, awfully , in one ooruor of tho. unisoum, . ft real ukolqtou band and arm considerately bidden behind him, tiioy aro quito ohaorful to look at in oomparisou. Tho prayer-book nnd tlio other pitiful objoots upon tlio sholf to tho right woro found on t he body of Maria Glouaeu, tho blood-and-mud-stoinod clothes woro bora, and thoy contrast with grim irouy, us evidences of an nnpuutsbed orimo, with tho adjoining objoots, which toll of ono brother hanged and tho other iu ponnl sorvitiido. Along tbo wall on the right sido of the room is rangud a olioioe collection of guns, orowbars and " jonnnioa " — tho lattor aro implouionts of tbo lioiiBobrenking indus try, whioh admit of groat variety, and uru siioeptibla of highly nrtistio handling— and among thom is a pair of tongs, unovonly rusted, and with a dirty paper-book,' writton all over with incoherent aoutuncos, attoohpd to it. Tlio tongs nro thoso with which a man natriod Macdonald killed his wifo about two years ago ; tlio book is, it sooins to tho visitor, a record ot tbo various plinsos of. tlio man's insanity. Tiioy hangod him, though, and nlso tha greater number of the proprietors'of the horrid, lnbollod as sortment of hammers, knives, including tho bread, carving and pookot varieties — razors and pistols, wbioh suggest a cutler's booth in a fair. There is dried blood on all tho knives and razors, and ou eomo of tlio ham- mars, and every oiie of thom stands for a murder or a suioido ; in a torriblo uumbor of oasos, for the murder of n wifo hy her bus- bond. Several of tho pistols, most boautiful weapons, are tlio instruments of snloido, aud each is labollcd with tho name, ' date and placo. The sample suioldea aro almost sll among tbo higher ' olaoocs of snoioty, and when the visitor asks how tho pistol with whioh a gentloman of wealth aud station shot himself bus eomo into tho koopihg ot tbo ' Musoum, be is told : — " Tlio family mostly do not like to havo it, Vnud so they ask tlio police, to tako it away," fn a corner bang the clothes ot the Rev- J, Watson, -who inurdorcd his wifo at Stookwoll-j-tho horso.pistol with whioh ha sliot hor, and tlla heavy hammer which ho bought to knook tho nails into the ob'ost in whioh ho proposed to liido her body. -So carefully bad tuo murderer washed his trousers and his ooat-sloovos that the bkod- stains oould only bo discerned with difficulty at tho timo of tho investigation. But since tho coat and trousers havo boen hanging on the Black Museum's walls, tho stains have eomo out closo and thiok. "Wo many times notice that hero," the visitor is told, Tho frightful weapons used by tho Lonnie mutineers aro hero, noatly ranged under tbo photograph, of the ring leader, " French Potor," and a group of tho wholo gang of ruffians, with a rod ink mark on four head" among tbo number, to iudicato tboso who were hanged. Hard by is a bundle of letters, forming tho correspondence wbioh famished much of the evidouco against Mar garet Waters, tho baby-farmer. How muoh Bin, shame, - sorrow and cruelty that Bmall dusty bundlo represents! A small billycock hat, with u mask fastened iusidc tho front riui, into whioh is packed a fiurso, a comfortor, a small luntoru, and n ife-presorvor, with a torrifio knob of load on it, is quite a cheerful object to turn to from all theso grim relics of worso crimes, though tho burglar who formerly owned tho lilc- preservor informed the police who seized, but also resouod him, having eomo up on hoaring bis cries when he was caught between tlio iron bnrs of n window through whioh ho was esoaping, on a falso alarm, that ho had thoroughly intended to "do for" any one who should interrupt him, with thnt convenient weapon. A bundle of flash notos, Bank of Elegance issue, for whioh thero is a fixed prioo, and a brisk sale ou racecourses among bettors who can only read'impcrfcotly or not at all ; tho coujuriug-book of Professor Een- davesta, which always opened ut tbo samo page, tho only one ou which thero io a worked horoscope ; tho wrotcbod cheat's ill- spelled accounts, which reveal, the stupen dous credulity of the people, for they record an average of five hundred visitors u week; and tho letters addressed to him, chiefly by womon, at least sufficiently educated to know bettor ; these are almost mimoing, aftor all that has b-jen seen before. A forgod betting ticket, which got the forger into troublo at tlio Nottingham races, is a curious and ingoninns trample of perverted clevorness. Tho forged ticket is identical, with tho real ouo, to all nppearanco. Ou very close iuspoction ono sees that it iu bettor printed than tho genuino article. A largo assortment of burglars' tools is not tho least suggoative objoot here. Tho weapons of the thioves' war upon socioty aro models of good workmanship, and of the adaptation of moans to onds. When tho neatest centre- bit of the carpenter's shop is compared with tho deft, swift, liuiselejoly-working imple ment whioh goes into an iron shutter nu a cheesemonger's scoop goes into a "fresh Dutch when ono looks at tho wedges cf iinoly-tompercd stool, working between zinc Hide-bites ; at tho two home-mado dork lanterns, contrived with extraordinary cleverness out cf a mustard-tiu and a lnotal match box respectively at the rope-ladder ; tho " beautiful littlo jemmy," la a carefully-buttoned red fiarmol case— this small, powerful .tool is mnds of a pieoe of a driving-wheel b-ilotisjihg to res finest macliinorj', niul tbo metal was. of course, stoleu to make it— at tlio bright, slondor skeloton keys; at tho footpads, whioh ore enough to make ono start at ovary creak of ono's boards and stairs, howover slight; atthosafo-breaking tools, whichmako ' onothink there's nothing liko tho old stocking lathothatoh, aftor all— ono is amazed ot and sorry for tho raisusod cleverness and perverted inventiveness to which theso thiogs testify. . Among tbo skeleton koye is ouo delicate littlo contrivauoc, which nt a first glauou oec might tako for nn ornanunit for a lady's1 oiiotelniuo. It is in reality n double instru- . mout for piokiug Intok-koybolcs,— one' part forming tho koy, and tho other lifting the- spring. This pretty triflo was mado from tho ' brass olesp of a puree, and used with »uoh: BU00O88 by tbo inventor that in a . short time ho found liimaolf in prison. While' ono ia aotunlly inside tlio Black Museum, Ono cannot fool amused nt anything ; but, hy . tlio time ono has turned into tho ytrnnd, tho repression of tho dreary reliquary of crime ihasso far passed away that one can smile at the Btory told of tho impudent simplicity of: thiB poor, clever thief. " Wh.on ho wasdls . charged from prison," said tht qnfatbr jif ,t'ho. Black Museam, as ho -restored the uelic/ito, dangling littlo bit of villanv to Its place, ; " tlio man oamo horo, and asked us to lot hiiii have it back. !'J . ) , , ' , 