^iferatttrf &-£ama. — -— — ++-- ? THE MOATED GEAJSTGE. AN ORIGINAL TALE, BY M. C. Chapter XIX. — Two Years After. It was a stiflingly sultry day in February. There was a hot wind blowing in violent .- gusts, raising eddying clouds of dust that lent its arid ashy tinge to every visible object. From the sky on high to the build ings that flanked the baked streets, and the passers-by that hurried along with blinded eyes, all were at intervals enveloped in whirling billows Or the same dead-drab im . palpable powder. The sun flamed down with merciless heat from the unclouded heavens, and even his fierce rays were toned to a greyish livid hue by the all-prevailing dust. Men slouched their hats over : their faces, and women drew their gauze , veils closely under their chins, as with bent heads they hastened on their way, nor spoke' save to tell each other that ' it was a frightful day to be out on,' which indeed was an un mistakably self-assertive fact. It is not probable that among the people who were thus incommoded by the overwhelming dis comfort of, the day many were mere iplea eure-seekers. Erratic as are the ways in which the British public is wont to seek recreation, being parboiled by heat and blinded by dirt would hardly be chosen by rational human beings as an enjoyable jform ; of excitement. Yet in one locality at jleast of Melbourne there seemed to be no dimi nution of the crowd which is to be habitually found there at seasons when trade is brisk and tourists are rife. This was Queen's Wharf, -where the usual throngs of travellers arriving and departing were largely recruited by crowds of idlers, who were neither coming nor going away, but simply looking on. But it must be noted that a large pro portion of these idlers were individuals not apt to be fastidious as to personal comfort. There were working men from jthe.bush, who had come to town with a cheque to 'knock down,' and having found the accomplishment of the process not' so beatific as fancy had painted it, were now vaguely seeking some relief from the mono tony of brooding over an exhausted ex chequer. There was a sprinkling of those chronic hangers-on to the skirts of society, who to-day are arrayed in broadcloth! and fine linen, and to-morrow are fain to be fed on t3ie crumbs that fall from the table of the charitable, while waiting for something to turn up that will ensure daily bread ; and satisfy a lpng-enduring tailor. There were sailors -with brawny arms and bronzed faces, and a look of general uncertainty aoout their habiliments which strongly -suggested the thought that, in the hilarity consequent on being ashore, the finer (dis tinctions of lawful ownership had been over looked. These, with others who were neither physically out at elbows nor morally out of gear, but were intent on passing the time - that during holiday-making is apt to hang rather obtrusively on one's hands, had in tuitively come to the conclusion that ; the ' proper study of mankind is man,' and had therefore congregated where their fellow creatures could not resent observa tion as being either reprovable or actionable. Amid these idlers were also to be found the vendors of wares supposed to* be peculiarly acceptable to people arriying from or departing on a sea voyage. Men hawking literature in the shape of magazines ten years of age jand the late editions of ;the daily papers. Others with baskets of somewhat grimy fruits, shouting out their virtues and prices in stentorian tones. Boys with unwieldly cages, /containing parrots in pairs and soli tary .jcociatqos which had evidently lieen captured after the first flush of youth jwas passed, pressed the. astounding capabilities of these birds on the attention of an |un -believing generation, f. f Splendid cockatoo, talks like a Christian; only ten and biz pence,' cried an importunate. urchin, forcibly obtruding a fiercely- 'shrieking cockatoo on the notice of an unhappy husband land father, who was frantically counting over , boxes and packages that were short of ithe othodox number. - To the .credit of human :nature be -it said that whatever expression was uppermost, on the :man's face, he used no language that bis guardian angel^sup pdsing ,that he possessed one— ^need Have wept to place on record. j Presently, through this miscellaneous crowd, -a telegraph message boy hurried; on, eagerly scanning the vessels that lay along the wharf.. , - i ' ? 'Po you know if the Eros has started yet?' he asked, addressing a group of men that .stood in his way. ;?? *i.Yes/' answered one of them, '.she arrived at the North Pole yesterday and discovered a Scotchman in possession.' The boy turned away in silent indigna tion. , ;_ - '; '. ; \ : ' That's her down there getting steami up, . you'd better make haste young 'un/' cried r another, naan after the, youth, pointing to a trim, newly painted vessel at the further e^d^f, the, wharf. ; , $he boy hurried on board. ? i ' ' ;'*Doyoukji0wif there is a Mr. Laurence on the Eros, rsir ?' he asked, addressing the captain. ; ; :?;: 'Gm%&&Ji; ask the purser,' returned that official, hastening down to the saloqn. !' Wafit Mr; Laurence ?' said a gentleman standing by. ' There he is,' he continued, when tite message boy replied in the affiir -mative., ??-.?] Theygentlemanppinted out was: leaning against the side; of the vessel, standing By a lady- -who., -sat.. a little removed from !the bustle around... . ; ? ; 'A message fpr.you, sir. I went first to Menzie's Hotel, and- the book-keeper told ; me you were on board, so I came along as fast as I could.' As the boy spoke, the . first, warning bell rang. Laurence tore open the envelope and read : — , ' **. I shall De.in town to-morrow to consult you ; on important business. Delay your departure ' till my arrival. w James' Ltjxon.' . 'What a nuisance,' said Laurence, hand ing the telegram to his companion. 'I 'suppose my only plan is to stay, and take the next boat ; and you ? ?' 'Oh, I shall be all right. You have no time to lose,' answered the* lady. Lau rence descended to the saloon, and in a few moments returned with his portmanteau. Handing this to a porter, who was going on shore, and asking him to put it into a cab, he turned to say a few parting words ' to his wife. ' 'Ishall send a telegram to Edgecumbe to meet you at Waldo Bay, dear. I am glad the Hendricks are on boaro1. You will not be so lonely. I suppose I can re join you in about a week. Take care of yourself. Good-bje, my darling,' They stood for one nevertobefor gotten moment, man and wife, hand in hand, while in. the emotion of an unlooked-for parting the shadow of some impalpable, -undefined misunderstand ing .seemed to be quickly lifted away. . The next moment Lawrence was among the miscellaneous crowd that lined the wharf, and the Eros, with throbbing engines and a cloud of black smoke rising from her funnel, was gliding down the Yarra. Look ing across the crowd, the woman on board the ship and the man pausing on the shore waved a last farewell, and were then lost to each other's gaze. But the wife still sat for some time longer looking shoreward with a wistful look on her face. Then she drew from her pocket a letter which she had received shortly before she left Mel bourne, and which in the hurry of leaving she had but glanced over. Now she read it throughout : — 'My dear Mary, here we are, our wanderings over, and rapidly settling down into the most staid of British Philistines. But you know from the first we utterly dis carded the silly demonstrativeness supposed to be inevitable in the case of newly married people. When we started on our wedding tour I said to Harry — 11 ' Do you think it can be true that people can always tell when persons are 'on their first travels together ?' ' ' Well,' he said, ' I think the chances are that it is quite true. Perhaps it is an inscrutable arrangement of Providence that it should be so.' u i I don't see why,' I said, ' I think it is quite odious to have people smirking, and saying, ' They're out on their, honey mOon.'' ' * I quite agree with you,' said Harry. 'Now, what would you prefer being taken for?' ?'?'??] ' l O, just for regular old stagers, that are, if anything, rather bored with one .another, and have in fact left home to forget halfa dpzen connubial skeletons,. in domestic 'cup- boards/ ' * Very good. Now, how do you think we can best personate such a pair? Because you see, not having the felicity as yet of being at all bored with each other, we must consider what is the best mode of leading outsiders to believe we are.' '?'I had not studied that question, and was rather at a loss how it could best be done.' * ' ' The first thing to be decided/ said Harry, ' isj how we are to address each other. Will you call me Mr. Edgecumbe, Henry, or Harry ? Shall I, in speaking to you, say Maggie, Margaret, or Mrs. E. ?' ' ' Henry and Margaret,' I replied, f are such fearful names ! No one ever called me. Margaret but my = stepmother, when she wished to impress me with the idea. that it would be difficult to find any one so wicked as 1 was. As for 'Mrs. Edgecombe'— ifiyou said that I could not realise you were speaking to me at all, I should imagine 'you were addressing some one you knew in a former state of existence, or who haunted you like Banquo's ghost at the banquet.* lil Clearly, then,' said Harry, {wy only alternative is ' Maggie.' Well, to carry out your plot, my dear — it is nothing short of a plot to lead people to imagine you; are what you are not — I think our only plan is to observe the ways peculiar to the pebple we wish to represent. If I were to act on theory in the. matter, I should; infallibly commit some gross blunder that would at once stamp me as an impostor and a' de-~ ceiver.' . . : ' . .'.??; : ' During our voyage from Melbourne to New Zealand I conscientiously istudied; the ways peculiar to people at different .-.stages' of married life. But I do not Mow that this was of such, very great value— pepple are so inconsistent If you form a theory regarding your fellow creatures, ten to one if the first example that comes in your way does not shatter your theory to tiny atoms. For instance, among our fellow .passengers there was a couple who had lived; through nearly two decades of matrimonial /expe-^ rience. How did they carry this burden 'of the past and present ? In the most absurdly affectionate manner. ; You could not speak to that little woman but she would be eter nally quoting, 'My John,' as though in| his v single person he comprised all the wisdom and goodness of the whole human race* jMy firm belief is that in his absence sheburns incense and says her* prayers before Ibis portrait. Still, though it was provoking to see any one so Jfoolisfij 5he was one ofrtitose thoroughly good-hearted ; warra-natiVred women who, whether you will ; or ; no, inspire you with, an -increase of faith in * the goodness of human nature. Harry' had the audacity to suggest that I should take this reverential little lady as jmy model for conjugal -docility. Catch jme, indeed! I assure you that for my part 1 supported my role as an 'old stager,' tyith the utmost fidelity. I very much doubt whether you, who have had the vastex perionce of nearly a year of domestic cooing, could 'regard your husband ' with the calm and unmoved indifference whicih. . I used to exhibit towards Harry. ; ''Well, we got back te Greenvale threet days ago, and found it swept and furnished, and bedizened to a most painful extent. Everything is bo surprisingly new tnat I assure you H/ and I seem by comparison remnants of antiquity from some loijg :'by- . gone age — like fossils from thie ^miocene period for Instance. I wish auntie had in charity, when finally leaving for Mundabul- ? lagan/left a few shabby things about, just as' a memento of one's -former existence when every article that one looked at did no convey the impression of having been made to order twenty- four hours ago. A worn spot in the carpet, or an indication of a stain re moved by Tienzole, would keep one in countenance a little in the midst of so much glistening, shining, creaking newness. . You can't imagine how glad we are that you, are going to f aver us with a visit, you will find Minjah in an effervescent statement of excitement. The projected railway to Waldo Bay is .going to make it in a short time second* in importance to no town out of Melbourne. I quote f rOm the local newspaper, which I think has engaged the services of a budding poet to do honor to the occasion. The Signora still graces Minjah with her presence. She looks as bewitching as -ever in her sable drapery. She has a goodly number of pupils for music and singing; -and despite the' pre judices of the Grundyitesshe moves so dis creetly and irreproachably. that she disarms all adverse criticism. VHarry 'calls* her ' The dangerous widow;' but I object to the term; it is too flippant. But I db not think ypu share my enthusiasm, regarding her, so I will not bore you farther on the subject.' .._--.-?-... 