POLAND AND THE WAR. " APOLE" writes to the Times under date Frontier of Poland, September 15 : " No wonder that in the present complicated state of European affair» the so- called 'Polish Question' should be brought forward. No wonder that when- ever one of those despoiling Powers who have par- titioned Poland meets with a check, honest and con- scientious men perceive in it the hand of the Aveng- ing Angel, while sanguine and enthusiastic minds see already the sword changed into an enchanter's wand, which resuscitates the victim and endows it with its former might and splendour. But to the uninitiated it must appear very strange that so momentous n problem should be canvassed both by the friends and by the enemies of Poland : and stranger still, that it should be stirred up moro violently and recklessly, although more cunningly, by the latter than the former. The Poles know thaL it is merely a snare. Bitter experience has taught them that their enemies raise the question only with the view to silence it for ever. Russia reioices at any patriotic movement in Poland, especially if it leads to an armed insurrection. It affords her a welcome opportunity of crushing the heroic nobles, of stripping the gentry of their landed property, of depopulating the country, and of effacing the last vestiges of its nationality, language, laws, and religion. No one denies now that she might have very easily crushed the last insurrection (1S63) in the beginning, but she allowed it to last for more than a year in order to in- veigle more victims. Of course, it would be folly on her part, if at the present juncture she encouraged any commotion among the Poles. Put there is another Power which supersedes end forestalls her in that rcspe:t. Prussia calculates that if the urgency of the prolonged wnr with Turkey obliged her ally to with- draw the garrison from Poland, she would be called, at the least stir among the inhabitants, to occupy the Kingdom, mid then she would retain it for ever under one "pretext or other, either as a reward for her military aid and diplomatic services, or as a com- pensation in case the Russians should overwhelm the Turks and annex any part of their dominions. "With thnt view swarms of Prussian agents have been sent into'Poland. No provocation is neglected. German papers are continually harping on the Polish question. One of the most adverse from Poland prefaced lately, a leading article with the motto', ' Poland ia not yet lost.' Another vehently urged the Galiciun Diet" to represent to the Austrian Emperor the necessity of the war with Russia and of the restoration of toland. And how they trumped up tile miscalled Polish Legion in Turkey ; according to their state- ments it was to be composed of 100,000 Poles. While Polish journals tried by every means to expose the glorious untruth, and endeavoured to vam even the old emigrants against taking part in so | foolish a scheme, German papers encouraged it by publishing every dav more splendid reports of that j colossal but imaginary enterprise. The Russians took the bait, and, in order to irritate their army and popu- lation against the Poles, hastened to inform the public bv placards stuck up in towns and every railway- station that a logion of 100,000 Poles was in the process of formation at Constantinople, forgetting that a nation represented as able to create such a mighty army in a distant land must appear to Europe and to Russia itself a very formidable one. "Well, what has it come to? Among a hundred adven- turers of all countries who tried to form the ' Polish Legion ' there were scarcely n dizcn Poles. Since the commencement of the hostilities only once some Polish Legion has been mentioned. The con- current reports stated that in an encounter with the j Russians it suffered much, having lost three of its principal officers. Fortunately, the names of the latter were given, and it come out that two of them were Hungarians and the third German. And so vanished the last faint shadow o£ that terrible ghost. But the legion of Prussian agents in Poland is no phantom, although the German papers, unable to deny j its existence, have proclaimed that they arc English emissaries. The Russians allowed themselves to be again deceived. The Warsaw police now keep the strictest watch on English travellers, ondon any onccon nected with England. The above supposition is absurd, but were it true the Poles would not now yield to the instigation and promises of any foreign nation, not of France herself, were she even ns powerful and influential as formerly. They have become so jealous of any influence fio;u abroad, that they eschew even that of the old emigrants settled in Western landa, and do not allow them, either collectively or individu- ally, to intermeddle in the least with their internal affairs. No doubt if Europe, in the rearrangement of thc disturbed balance of power, should ot last feel convinced that there is no solid peace possible unless Poland be restored, the Poles would spare no efforts and no sacrifices to prove that they are fit, at any- time, to re-appear ns a strong, compact, and well-regulated community. But os no sign of . such a conviction, at least among the rulers of Europe, Ls looming as yet, their whole energy is now directed towards preparing the best means and ways by which they may nttain their restoration at some'future period, and owe it to them- ! selves alone. They aTe, therefore, husbanding their material resources, defending their religiau, and strengthening their nationality, without any noise or show, for, muchas they were formerly fond of notoriety-fame,' you may call it-they arc grown truite callous and indifferent to it. Nevertheless, it would bo wronn in nnv foreiener to conclude from r - . _ -_,-r--"---( , their contumaoy -that the naficra! vitality hasbeenj impaired and is on the wane. On the contrary; iti throbs every day with a stronger impulse, stronger be-[ cause not so feverish as formerly. Agriculture and? industry are in full development. While war continues; to rage nt the very door of Austria, Lemberg open* this month within its walls a splendid Agricultural^, and Industrial Exhibition. Intellectual activity never/ ceases to be in full flow. Even Warsaw, in spite ofj Russian censorship, possesses forty periodicals, alli very ably conducted and prosperous. Che Scientific Academy of Cracow, established and endowed by the Emperor Franz Joseph, the Literary Institution! founded by Ossolinski in Lemberg; and the Literary! Association of Poesen issue every year books of per-i manent value and interest. Especially archteologicaf works published by tho Cracow Academy would da honour to tho best institutions in France or England? But the Western countries, haring eliminated' Poland from their political concern, seem unJ willing to know, and much les3 to appreciate,! anything that she produces. Whilo trumpery] books published in Russia are puffed up in Paris; and in London, Polish works of merit do not receive/ even a passing notice. 'Chore is au English literacy, journal which publishes at the end of every year an account of the intellectual products of all nations.! The Polish literature has hitherto found no room in! it. Take another instance, still more striking, for ie concerns England more particularly, if not exclu- sively. English literary journals have been lately Te-! pouting with much complacency the report that aPor tuguese gentleman has translated one of Shakespeare's plays, and not one of them mentioned that within the' last two y ears a ca«upletc edition of all the works of the) great dramatist, very ably translated into Polish verse} has been published in Warsaw. This arduous work, hns been achieved under the direction of the great1 and popular writer líraszewski. Here is anothei instance how everything Polish ÍB now ignored. Who in England knows'tho illustrious name of that authorj who may be called the head-centre of Polish intellect tual activity ? Ile is a phenomenon, even in this] ! prolih\c age. History, nvohoology, poetry, dramaj j there is no department of literature in which he hail not left lasting memorials of his talent and his in-' dustry. But he shines pre-eminently in novel-j I writing. Dumas, Balzac, and Sue put together have j not produced more volumes. It is true thati he has been for moro than 40 years incessant!^ a; work. Twenty years ago it used to be saio that thors was no one who would boast oí haring read all . his novels ; now it would cer-' tainly require a prodigious memory to enumerate the titles even of one-half. On an average he produced half-a-dozen novels (three volumes each) every ycarj Besides, he fills all the principal periodicals with hisl literary articles. There is no serious undertaking without his having a hand in it. He is the very! Briareus of literatuie. Thus, although himself not, one of the translators, ho has enriched the above-' mentioned edition ot Shakspeare's works with copiouá notes und illustrations to every play, which provo' him to be a laborious student and profound admire! of the poet, and yet, allow me to repeat^ not even his name is known in England ! Pardon! me this digression, but it appeared to me an appropriate, though perhaps not thd most important example how on one side everything that concerns Poland is studiously discarded from' public notice in Western Europe ; and on the other,' how and why the Poles seem now loth both to thrust themselves upon and to covet the observation of un- willing friends or scheming foes, and how, therefore,' it would be unreasonable to apply to Poland in her present stute the questionable rule, " De non npprenJ tibus et non existentibus eadem est ratio." But, revert- ing to the main subject, I must again assure you that Poland is and will remain quiet. All': classes are unanimous in discarding thel promptings of revenge or premature ambi» tion. Not even a whisper of revolutionary]; spirit is heard throughout the vast territory.!1 This, however, does not exclude a manly and calm! expression of the national opinion on such moment-. ous events as the present. "Faire le mort" wilí¡ never he the motto of that land of courage and sincerity. The voice of Poland will never be missing whenever the grand jury of the political world shall have to pronounce a solemn verdict on the despoilen and the disturbers of general peace. Thus, on tht present occasion, it has made itself heard, through iii legitimate organ, the Galician Diet, and has again warned the world that there is no solid ramparl against Russia and Panslavism but in the autonomy,' independence, and national development of thoa' Slavonic States which possess a distinct historical importance, which have been or are fit to become, vigorous and self-dependent communities. ' ''"*"; A " EUIIUL SCAXDAL " IS NEW JETISBV.--The American papers report a burial difficulty in New Jersey, which has caused considerable excitement in that State. It arose out of the attempt of a Hornau Catholic priest, Father Vivet, to have the remains ol an Italian removed from the Catholic cemetery at Vineland. TlicJVitc Yuri Independent gives the fol- lowing account of the case:-"On August 100?' Father Vivet wrote a letter to the widow oi tho deceased Italian, Maggiola, in which he said :-« Your husband, thougli being sick about eighteen months, having died without having attended to his Eastet duty, and without calling for a priest during his sick- ness, and being buried in the Catholic cemetery^ against the regulations mnde by the trustees of tho i Church, my lawyer advises me to write to you, through courtesy, and to request you to have j your husband removed from the Catholic cemetery and to have him buried where you like. Should. ¡ you fail or neglect to have hitu removed before Monday, tho 13th instant, I will be obliged to have him removed at your own expense. The money you paid to Mr. John Moran can be refunded' to you at any time you call for it. Hoping you will not force me to prosecute you according to tho laws of trespass, I nm respectfully yours, kc' Some of thö citizens of Vineland, feeling a deep sympathy for Mrs.' Maggiola, engaged a lawyer to defend, lier. Father Vivet was accordingly served with a notice warning him not to attempt the removal, under pain of prose- cution. This affair caused a great deal of excitement^ and Bishop Corrigan was sought by industrious re- porters to ascertain if Father Vivet had his approval in his proceedings. The Bishop said,1; August 17, that no suit would bc begun byi Father Vivet. He further said:-' This unfortunate scandal has been freely ventilated, and all that I regret is that Father Vivet wns not explicit enough in simply to have conveyed to lier that she was com- mitting a civil trespass upon the rights of the ceine-i tery in burying her husband in a plot that it was not' in tlie power of the trustees to give to her, eveW although tlie purchase money had been paid. Fathei Vivet knows as well as I do that the Church has no authority to refuse a Christian burial to anybody;, except under ?very extraordinary conditions-suchiui to the unbaptÍ2ed"(for they nre not Christians), thti excommunicated, those who have committed de-' liberate suicide and led notoriously scandalous livesj and in all cases where there is the least doubt the bishop ot thc diocese must bc consulted. Tho wholcj difficulty arises from a misinterpretation pf Fathen Vivet's letter, which was never intended t, be a religious manifesto, but simply n warn-, ing that a trespass had been committed uponi the corporate rights of an individual. The Church can have nothing to say in the matter. And¿ . as Father Vivet understands our position, anv futura action will have to be taken by the civil autlioritiesJ The result will bo that the present resting-place ol Maggiola will be left undisturbed -until some othes grave shall have been apportioned ; and then there? can be no objection, after the coroner's permission is obtained, for Mdme.Maggiola to remove the remains' of hor husband to a spot which she can legally call her own. As to tlie threatened action of those'societies who propose to hold a meeting of censure, I know; nothing about them, and they will find that nobody connected in any way with the Church will take any further measures. As I have told Father Vivet, it is undoubtedly not within our jurisdiction.' The meet- ing referred t o was held in Vineland on August 17, and" resolutions of censure were adopted." TUE ALEXANIÍTIIA OHELISK.-" A General Officer"' writes to the Times:-"In the Times ot' the 23r¿ instant a correspondent does not approve the site for the obelisk (shortly, it is hoped, to arrive in the Thames) where the dummy is placed-namely, under.; the shadow of Westminster Abbey, the great clock tower, and St. Margaret's Church, and he suggests, another siteinfront of the British Museum. That also' would crowd it with buildings and obscure it f besides, it would bo placed in danger over a great tank!, theie. I now beg respectfully to Buggest that the! dummy be moved to the railings of St. Jamel's Parki immediately opposite the arch of tlie Horse Guards,, quite off the parade, so os not to interfere with the movements of thc troops, and backed by sk-y> treesi. and water, no buildings in sight, and a clear esplanade in front. Permission is of course required to ba granted for this site (nt or behind the railings) from his Royal Highness the Ranger, the Duke of Cam- bridge. The site at thc Horse Guards is appropriate;, also, for the obelisk was presented to the nation in recognition, of tile services of. the British, anny'ia Egypt." 