A NIGHI' OF E'VLtROR. Ann all appearances deceitful? Do we live surronoded by shadowy cbimeras? Have our eyes been given as eonly to deceive our senses, and our senses to keep us in a state of perpetual doubt and delusion ? In the present prosaic and meobdioail age, it is not diffiult to ridiople all that relates to the supernatural; but many of the most sceptical, after long laughing at the idea of a visit from those who have learned the great secret and passed into the shadow.land, have been forced by terrible experienee to believe and tremble. It is more especially in that middle state between sleeping and waking, when the nerves are unstrung, that the sensitive brain sees objects that have no tangible existence, and hears sounds that are the offspring of its own creation. Terror, remorse, love, and grief, are the painters who offer their impalpable pietures to our heated and unsettled imaginalions; and, for this reason, the belief in fantastic visions is by no means confined to the weak and ignorant. The mae, whose brain is of the highest order, and, constqueutly, the hardest worked, is oftentimes more ready to receive the impressions of imaginary or ghostly apparitions, and to investigate these pbe. nomena with respect, than the uneducated and unthinking soofer who jeers at the whole thing as nothing but vulgar supersti tion. Whether the following story, which relates the experiences of a night of terror, will serve to throw any light upon the possibility of a return of phantoms wandering on the boundaries of another world, will depend upon.the sphittinwRoh it is read; Bertrand Barrbre said, II n'y a que les mortse gni ns reliennent p5." Eht bleno, i. Barrexre, loss 'rents. It is miny year. ago .shilo I set out on : tour hrl h thel \wiean:' rn hihblands of thiloe I.ictunrt+quae c lnis.s a ayo and iGalway. iey ycht lay off the little fishing village ,,i Keem, in Clew Bay, from which spot I hadni made trips t, Clare Island, Blackso. larbour, snd nil the olher places worthy ,. interest upon the coast; and I now deter mined to hire a guide and pay a visit t. some of the inland reenery. I had little difficulty in engaging Larry Macgoharty' s:rvices durirg my stay on shore; he was a. honest lad, wilth a laughing eye, and all thb optness for repartee and impromptu wit thai penerally belongs to his countrymen. But, as it is difieult to find an emerald without a flaw, so it is hard to find aman, even though he be an emerald islander, without some eli:ht blemish; and Larry's, I soon dis covered, was an inordinate love of potheen. With my knapspok on my back, my stick in my hand, and Larry by my side, I set off to ascend 'the steep sides of the Croghan mountain. When we started the sann was shining in all its glory, throwing its gold upopen the trees and heather. Far below lay the calm Imruffled ocean, without one rock or island on which the weary sea-bird cosld reet its foot between Achil Head and America. In the bay, Clare Island and the islets could be seen, some dark as jet, others flashing like a smile upon the face of the waters. High above towered the hill, its summit clad with a crown of forest land, and its slopeacovered with a rich growth of wildwood and flowers, interseeted by numerons streamlets that rushed down, through the velvet mosses, laughing to the sea. Inland we could see ridges and slopes of green broken only by lakes, peeping from their deep hiding pisces, which spread away as far as the eye could follow. The hum of big, slumberonas, heavy laden, broad-backed honey-bees, the joyons notes of numeroas song-birds,.and the silver linkling of distant sheep-bells, filled the air wil sounds of summer music, and made us linger on our way. A turn in the road brought in sight an ancient tower, which stood on the brink of an -verhangmg precipice like some rugged war beaten sentry guarding the shores ofJ his native land. Os appioaahing the bailding, it turned out to be an old ruined millionely, didmal, and deserted as the Moated Grange of tlhe Laureate, desolate, spectral, and an. canny as Good's Haunted House. I woselhed to pay a nearer visit, hoping to be able to enter the ruin, but Larry, who was trembling with terror, said--" Ah, sare I yer honour, don't go near it; sure the place is hantted." He then proceeded to relate the story of a murder which had taken place therersome years previously. Tie crime was of a peculiarly atrocious character; the son of the old miller had killed him with a hatchet, for the sake of a small sum of money that was believed to be in his possession, and, afterwards, when the deed was discovered, the murderer, porsoed by the enraged neigh boars, concealed h'mself in the mill. Tracked by unrelenting justice, and despair ing of escape, he flung himself from the cliff into the foaming waters beneath. From that time the peasanrly asroided the unbuly spot, and it was sooo reportel to be visited by the ghosts of those connected with the murder. 'S8rely, I thought, if any orime can recall the dead, and make the place ot its perpetra. tion asooursed, this is one. Larry treeblingly described the terrible tiguts spoken of hy the village gossips, ase being witnessed in the blackened walls of the dreary mill ; the most lhorrible one being the corpse of tue murdered man, weich, on the annivereary of thie crime, was see n lying on the floor of the upper room, glseed with congealed gore. Deserted and accursed, the place 1rl into rains; no one passed it with o?t a shudder and a prayer for the repose of the old man's seaoul. Without believing in the wild and improbable tales told by the peasaits, I felt so manh horror of this diabolical deed, that we hurried oo, glad to be relieved of the infioence of the place; and we soon lost, in the bright, suannyscenes, all memory of the haunted mill. for some hours we continued our exeuor sion in the seighbourhood, paneing often to listen to the cooing of the wild wood-pigeons and the lays.of the blackbird and mlstle thrush. As we wandered inland, nothing was visible hobut one wide expanse of living verdure, save where the silvery waters of dbhe streamlets and lakes were seen hidden in the luxoriant mass of foliage; the sunset eloods of Italy seemed transported by the hand of some mighty magician to the sylvan soli tudes of the West ; and no scene of natare could have ofiered a fairer image of Paradise. But gradnally, as the evening approached, the wind, which had been softly sighing through the gently waving brancohes, began to blow in freshly from the sea ; and the rippling wavelets, that were dancing upon the surface of the waters, seemed mo mentarily to increase in size. Everyone who knows the coast of Ireland is aware how sudden are the changes-tfrom a gale to a calm, from a calm to ataurricane. In half an-hour the soene was hardly recognisable; the heavy Atlantic rollers were breadking upon the shore with tremendons violence; flakes of foam came sweeping over the surging waters, flying up the mountain aide, and were carried far inland; the sand was caught up by the wind and sent sleeting across the country, thicker and mare intole rable than any hailstones, filling the eyes, ears, and month; levelling ditches, over topping walls, and threatening to lay the whole coastline in one common desolation and ruin. Larry, who had called at every shebeen on the road, and replenished a whihsky bottle, whilch no persuasion could compel him to re linquish, was by this time more than half seas over, and, to make matters worse, we missead the beaten track and lost our way. "What's to be done now, Larry I" said I. " The divil a one of me knows, yer honour, without ye'd sit here under the rocls, and wait till I fiud out where we are." The reook that he spoke of hung over the pa!h, giving just sufficient shelter for one person; and, as night was eoming on, and I felt half-blinded by the shifting sand, I consented; and Lsrry, after promising to return quickly, disappeared in the darkness. Left to myself, I soon began to lament my lonely condition, and to abuse Larry and fate for bringing me into such a meess; in this congenial oeupation an hour passed slowly away, but there was no sign of Larry's return; and I sorrowfully counelodd that he had either wandered so far that he was unable to find his way back, or that some accident had happened to him; fearing the latter, I resolved to venture out of my lair, and try if I could find him or discover the lost path. SCautiously feeling my way step by step, I econinued to descend the mountain, nearly falling into manyof the ravines and precipices with which its rugged sides are broken At last, after half-at-hour's scrambling aboat, my good fortune brought me into tie road, nearly opposite the old ruined mill; here, as I despaired of reachi'ng the village that night, I determined to take refuge. After ascending, with some d?ifsoalty, the rough and precipitous path which led to the door, I entered the building and lighted a small travelling lamp which I always carried in my knapsack. I found the door unloaked, just as the terror-stricken peasants had left it; there was nothing in the .plasce to rob, and if'tbhere had been, enperstition and fear would have been far better guardians of the house than looks and bolts. The old tmitore a si remained, but it had long incae fallen int, such a state of denasy as. utterly valueless; most oLthe glass had' eon sbattered in the window-sashes; on the ble lay ~he mooldering remaibs of a plpper alt there by people whose bones hoadiong loce whitened in the grey ohburobhyard.. . Being determined to make the best of a'i ,ad bargain, I began to look round for some-? oing to make a fire with, and soon aollesoid'.' ,lenty of wood from the rotting panlog jith which the room was esarronoaded; sh I b?uilt up upon the hearth, and soon, forb0 i irst time in twnty yeasrs there was a bright dome flickering in the old ohlmneywoorset. ~ Aflter drying my clothes, whiebhad bpene wet through in my endesvoor to d?a. path, I made a hearty supper off. thei? icings in my knapsaok; and, taking a· k. i rolled myself up in my boat-oloak,-uj down before the fire to try and pai.thkts in reading. Bat the book that I hd b with me, unfortunately, was .a eollt of legends and ghost stories ; and, att ] was a thorough soeptie about Supe things, etill I was not altogetherfrieeroih oertain unearthly awe due to the . in whioh I was placed. The rain had ceased, buit wit atl the low thunder rones inonseantly hill side, and the wind moaned-sni through the toasing ? ran~heosd oak and birch-tre~s. Patter, p . raindrops from the rafters, ?, the wind sank for a moment, '. solemn dirge that the waves were the foot of the mountain. The in the house soon came uponme, an hep thinkng of the hoimbbIetry wit it. Jneo as I"w sleep, I seemed ,to hilar emothered groan under tu?e sound made the blood einmkto I determined to eonvince my only the wind. Still, whnt?e repeated again end ,gaon, I--" unwillinglyto believe my sbabl real, and no triok of a diseased imagination. My anoies began to of mystery and night, bubat mustered up my ourage, sn8 discover its source. Bymo that hovered ove me;.! deer, and, lamp in hbad,1 ,- - stairs to the cellar. In the ser and dismal vault I saw what a luminous ball of fire; a aeode i moving to and fro same yer and dense vapoure rose and hovered round me; s a moment whether to advp.ioe hurriedly made my way floor. . Had Inot been eoU conscious, I should have house; as it was, igsh appeared to return4r~ graves tovisit me. Just asI wasbemingm of soratehing was distinotly by whioh I entered; hkd agitated, I should hev a dog, bat, noaw,-my tb bo dream of nothing bnttthe room became thronge wih~ teries; I dared not??o tlp dared not remain where I a. windows, but they were noticed for the first tm s apperentiy to the back of?.e? sh of relif I turhedthe bano opened, and, an?Ita frst thingthat metmy #~ sh~tiarebak . These,ltvidt htonthea fromjhefioor.Hssayre the door. There was no was oue. In the oornerbi, was an old staircase, room of the mill; and entered; with a e_?Ooss started hack. ., *: There, strethed? on~hsefibor?.$ in whioh the murder had'beu lay the ghastly apparition.f hair, his foace, and his whole with an oozing elime,.ths?ti? clotted blood. Withhatrbrud I made but one leap downish6 the steps of which owerei ot: fell through them and 1eam When I recoveredthei.' over the hille; the -a6rmhs_ quickly as it oomamentied; gered into the open'a-i,'4th6b more singing their sweet plunnged into the stair bai door. With the daylht' my ecepticism retur; n 1 mind to hunt out the hiddt the milL As I re-entered, "i at the top of the stairs, inthed same ghastly figure, its covered with the same ooZd_ With a shriek of horro,.I "What in the name ??h require ?" rHalfa-pint of whisky, for the bottle's empty," wans ? Irecognised the voie of'h.-T goharty. "Yon drunkaen eoondrel? ' doing here?" . ..... , " dure, sor, after Ileft into the bog, and then I U mill; and, as .yer honosurha ' enough to give me a wo t orater, I plucked up ooutg?d? to rest for the night.".. . .. Having found my helped him to scrape off someO from the bog, which I had o . blood. I began to look. fqr _?y apparitions. I opened the littleo. back; the floor of the room wa.s with rotten fish, and, as dsh:.w state of decay generally throwef_ phorio light, the laminous ,paj . easily accounted for.d , I then descended the stairs cellar, and in the corner 'found? mountain sheep, who had croms die. He it was whose groian lo terrified me, and it was the $eis his eyes that had looked like th coal in the cellar. The next day I left the'wat .o - Ireland, and, when I Lretrd. i . years, I found the old balltsg- ? down; so I[never had any fsrthsoI tunity'bE pasing anothernight of tOroS the haunted mill. '' A LowNor.e, eeing an advert at headed, "American SBlesam Safe mpy remarked tbat he was glad the. bad made steam safe aompany t " Wai did you name that old hor?eas leon ?' asked a gentlemen of a negrp r e bores was almost reduced to a .kletols " Why, marse, you see it's oase the bDnhypark is so strong in him." wRea the ready.reply ?.i A eaTBoo-munan woman was heard As!' remark, the other day, that she would marry a man who had plenty of mouey, though hbe was ro ag'V ese bad to soream every time she Loaked at him. \YWrE is a parson like a postman --Whena" his delivery pleases you. ' Arc old gentleman who had dabbled all his - life in statistios says he never heard of but - one woman who isoaured her life. Re acaounts ' for this by the slogular fact of one of thei questions being, " What is your age 7". . ': " TH&Ba; is one thisg about babies," eays - a late traveller-" they never change. We: have girls of the period, men of thte .world, . but the baby tois the same self-possessed, fear-' less, laughing, ioruiosus little heathen in all.. ages and in all eountrles." ' -. ;' ? . 