^ttzvdwct & J5rie«ix AN OPEN VERDICT. A NEW NOVEL. Bt the Atjthoe op ' Lady Atjolby's Secret,' ' Takev at the Flood,' ' Dbad Men's Shoes,' ' Weavebs and Weft,' &c.; [Published t-y special arrangement with the Author. All rights reserved. ] Chapter XVIIL — ' Why did you Thro-vt TOTTB WeDDKD IiADY FR.OM YOU?' The two girls at the Water House lived their solitary life all through the dark week before Christmas. They read a great deal ; Bella confining herself to the novels from the Great Yafford library, Beatrix reading those books which she believed were to fit her for companionship with Cyril Culver house in the days to come. They did not find so much to say to each other as friends of such long standing might have been ex pected to find. But Beatrix was by nature reserved about those subjects nearest her heart, and her cloistered life gave her few other subjects to talk about. On the dusky winter afternoons they went up to the lum ber-room and had a feast of music at the old piano ; Bel'a singing prettily in a clear soprano voice — thin but not unmelodious — Beatrix playing church music with the touch of a player in whom music was a natural expression of thought and feeling, and not a laboriously acquired art. Very rarely could Beatrix be persuaded to sing, but when she did uplift her fresh young voice the rich contralto tones were like the sound of ail organ, and even Bella's shallow soul was moved by the simple melodies of the Psalter of those days. ' As pants the hart for cooling streams, 'When, heated in the chase.' Or, ' With one consent let all the earth To God their cheerful voices raise.' ' Has Mr. Culverhouse ever heard you sing ?' enquired Bslla. ? ' Never. Where should he hear me ? I never sing anywhere but in this room.' ' And in church.' ' Yes, of course, in church. But I do not think even Cyril could distinguish my voice out of a whole congregation.' 'He might,' said Bella, 'all the rest sing through their noses.' For fine days there was the garden, and for variety Puck and the pony carriage. Miss Harefield took her friend for long drives across the moor. Once they met Cyril in one of the lanes, and passed, him with a distant recognition. Bella saw Beatrix's cheeks grow pale as he came in sight. ' How white you turned just now,' she said, when Puck had carried them ever so far away from the curate of Little Yafford. 'Did I?' asked Beatrix. 'I don't think I can be as pale as you. That was sympathy, I suppose. You felt how hard it was for me to pass him by.' 'Yes,' answered Bella, in her quiet little way, ' that was what I felt.' Bella had been staying at the Water House a week, and durinec that time had seen Mr. Harefield about half-a-dozen times. He was in the habit of dining with his daughter and her governess on Sundays. It was not a pleasant change in his hermit like life, but he made this sacrifice to pater nal duty. Every Sunday at four o'clock he sat down to dinner with his daughter and Miss Scales. Now that Miss Scales was away he sat down alone with the two girls, and looked at them curiously, when he found himself face to face with them at the board, as if they had been a new species in zoology, whiclii lie had never before had the opportunity of scrutinising. He looked from one to the other thought fully, while he unfolded his napkin, as if he were not quite clear as to which was his daughter, and then having made up his mind on the point, addressed himself with a slight turn of the head to Beatrix. ' Your friend has grown very much,' he said. ' Do you really think so, Mr. Harafield,' enquired Bella, with a gratified simper. It was something to be spoken of, in any wise, by this modern Timon. Mr. Harefield went on helping the soup without a word. He had quite forgetten his own remark, and had not heard Bella's. They got half way through the dinner in absolute silence. Then a tart and a pud ding appeared, and the tart, being set down rather suddenly before Mr. Harefield, seemed to disturb' him in the midst of a waking dream. ' Have you heard from Miss Scales ?' he asked his daughter abruptly. 'Ye8,papa. I have had two letters. Her aunt is very ill. She is afraid she will die.' ' She hopes it, you mean. Can you sup pose such a sensible person as Miss Scales would wish a tiresome old woman's life prolonged when she will get a legacy by her death.' ' Miss Scales is a good woman, papa. She ?would not be so wicked as to wish for any one's death.' ' Would she not ? I'm afraid there are a great many good people on this earth wish ing as hard as they can in the same line. Expectant heirs, expectant heiresses — wait- ing to wrench purse and power from a dead man's gripe.' After this pleasant speech the master of the house relapsed into silence. The old butler moved quietly to and fro. There was a gentle jingle of glass and silver now and then, like the ringing of distant sleigh bells. The wood ashes fell softly from the wide old grate. The clock ticked in the nan outside, lime nonoiea ana naitea litre a cripple. Bella began to think that even a home Sunday — with Mr. Scratchell swear ing at the cooking, and Mrs. Scratchell in tears — was better than this. It was at least open misery, and the storm generally blew over as rapidly as it arose. Here there was a suppressed and sullen. gloom, as of a tem pest always impending, and never coming. What a waste of wealth and luxury it , seemed to sit in a find old room like this, surrounded by all good things, and to be obstinately wretched; ... When dinner was over, and certain dried fruits and pale half-ripened oranges had been carried round by the butler's subordi nate, the butler himself following solemnly with decanters and claret jug, and,. nobody ' taking anything, the two girls rose, at a look from Beatrix and left Mr. Harefield alone. . -t. .^.WilLyou coine to my Voom and have ;4pme'&ay; papa :f ' Beatrix^asfee'd at thetloor. ; V'^NotlJtf-niglrtjniy dear. '~ I. have ain'ew; 'number of . ihe Weitmintief to read. ', You and^Hifis Scratchell can ainuse yourselves. ?'Good-night, papa,' said Beatrix, and she -I and Bella went away. I It was a long evening, Bella did not like to open a novel, and did, not care for Bishop Ken, whose practice of Divine Love formed the last stage in Miss Harefield's selfcul ture. The only piano in the house was ever so far away in the lumber- room — and the lumber-room after dark was suggestive of ghosts and goblins, or at any rate of rats and mice. Sunday evening at the parish church was gayer than this, Bella thought, as she sat by the fire stifling her frequent yawns, and watching Beatrix's thoughtful face bending over Bishop Ken. 'Yes, she is handsomer than I am,' reflected Bella, with a pang of envy. u How can I wonder that he likes her best. She is like one of those old prints Mr. Dulcimer showed us one evening — by Albert Durer, I think. Grave dark faces of saints and madonnas. She is like a poem or a picture made alive. And he is full of romance and poetry. No wonder he loves her.' And then came the question which in Bella's mind was unanswerable. ' Why should she have everything and I so little ?' Beatrix read on, absorbed in her book. The clock ticked, the gray wood ashes dropped upon the hearth, just as they had done in the dining-room. Outside the deep casement windows the night winds were blowing, the ragged tree-tops swaying against a cold gray sky. Bella shivered as she sat by the fire. This was the dreariest Sunday evening she had ever spent. Presently a shrill bell pealed loudly through the house, a startling sound amidst a silence which seemed to have lasted for ages, nay, to a normal condition of one's existence. Bella gave a little jump, like a nervous horse, and sat up in her chair, alert and eager. 'Could it be Cyril Culverhouse? No of course not.' His image filled so large a place in her heart that even the sudden ringing of a bell suggested his approach, till reason came to check the vagaries of fancy. The same thought darted into Beatrix's mind. For a woman deeply in love, earth holds only one man — her lover. Was it Cyril who came to claim her — to trample down the barrier of paternal authority, and to claim her by the right of their mutual love ? This idea, being at the first flash of reason utterly untenable, lasted no longer with Beatrix than it had done with Bella. ' It must be Miss Scales,' she said, going to the door. ' And yet I should not have thought she would travel on a Sunday, She is so very particular about Sunday.' Miss Scales belonged to a sect with whom God's day of rest meant a day of penance — a day upon which mankind holds itself in an apologetic attitude towards its Maker, as if deprecating the Divine wrath for its audacity in having taken the liberty to be born. The two girls went out into the corridor, and from the corridor to the square open gallery in the middle of the house, from which the broad staircase descended. Here, leaning upon the oaken balustrade, they looked down into the hall. It was empty when they first looked ; a vacant expanse of black and white marble. Then there came another peal of the bell, and the butler walked slowly across to the door, and opened it just wide enough to reconnoitre the visitor. Here there was a brief parley, the drift of which the girls could not distinguish. They only heard a murmur of masculine voices. 'It can't be Miss Scales,' whispered Beatrix. ' They would have brought in her portmanteau and bag before this.' The parley ceased all at once, the butler threw open the door, and a gentleman came in out of the windy night bringing a blast of cold air with him. He took off his hat, and stood in the centre of the hall, looking about him while the butler carried hiscard to Mr. Harefield. The stranger was a man of about fifty, tall and spare of figure, but with a certain nobility of bearing, as of one accustomed to command. The finely shaped head was beautifully set upon the shoulders — the chest was broad and deep. As he looked upwards the two girls drew back into the shadow, still watching him. It was a beautiful head — a grand Italian face, full of- tranquility and power, like a portrait by Moroni. The eyes were dark, the skin was a pale olive, the hair ' a sable silvered.' A thrill went through Beatrix's heart as she looked at him. Yes, she remembered, she knew. This was Antonio — this was the Italian with the pathetic voice who sat in the twilight singing church music that summer evening long ago. This was the man whose face memory associated with the face of her dead mother. She had seen them looking at her together — in those days of early childhood, whose faint memories are like & reminiscence of some anterior state of being, a world known before earth. The butler came back. ' My master will see you, Sir.' The stranger followed him out of the hall. Beatrix and Bella could hear the footsteps travelling slowly along the pas sage to the library. ' Who can he be ?' exclaimed Miss Scratchell, full of curiosity. ' Perhaps he is a relation of your papa's,' she added, speculatively, Beatrix having ignored her first remark. Beatrix remained silent. She was think ing of the miniature in her mother's room, the youthful likeness of the face the had seen to-night. ' Who was this man ? Her mother's kinsman, perhaps ? But. why had his presence brought sorrow and severance between husband and wife ? - Little as she knew of the hard facts that made up the history of her mother's life, there was that in .Beatrix s memory wnicn toia . ner zms man had been the cause of evil. She roused herself with an effort, and went back to her room, followed by Bella, . who had broken out into fresh yawns on finding that the advent of the stranger pro mised no relief to .the dulness of the evening. ' Eight -o'clock,' she said, as the old clock in the tall announced that. fact, em bellishing a plain truth with a little burst of old-fa^onedmelcdy^'TheyaTe«oniing out -of church by this 'time. : I wonder whether Mr. Culverhonise iaspreached one; of his awakening sermons ? Lam sure we should be the better for a little awakening, shouldn't wBJBeatrix? I really wish, you wouldtalkia little, dear. 'Tool look as if , youi were! wallmiffim your isleep. ..vi ' Do I P? said Beatrix. : 'Here comes the j tea-tray.- Perbaos a -sup t-£ tea may enliven ? .us.'-:. ?-? ? ;':: '?? .'.-I i'-.'-'-- :'? ?- ?' ? ' Well, the urn is company at any rate,' assented Bella, as the servant set down the oblorg silver tray, with its buff and gold Bristol cups and saucers, . and the massive old urn, dimly suggestive of sisterly affec tion in the person of Electra, or needing only a napkin neatly draped across it to re call the sculptured monuments of a modern cemetery. 'Now really,' pursued Bella, while Beatrix was making tea, *'have you no idea who that foreign-looking gentleman 'Whv should I trouble myself about him ? He comes to see papa — hot me.' ' Yes, but one can't help being curious so long as one is human. By the tune my in quisitiveness is worn out I shall be an angel. Your papa has so few visitors. And this one has such, a distinguished appearance. I feel sure he is some one of importance.' \- 'Very likely.' 'My dear Beatrix, this lonely life of. yours is making you dreadfully stoical,' re monstrated Bella. 'I should be glad to become stoical.. This stranger's visit cannot make any dif-j f erence to me. It will not make my father love me any better — or feel more kindlj} disposed towards Cyril. It may make him a little worse perhaps; It may stir up old bitterness. ' Why ?' cried Bella, eagerly, her bright blue eyes becoming tmbeauteously round in her excitement. ' Don't talk to me about him any more, please Bella. I do not know who he is— or what he is — or whence or why he comes. He will go as he came, no doubt, leaving: J^. no trace of his presence behind him.' But here Beatrix was wrong. This was not to be. In the library the two men were standing face to face. Men who had not met for more than ten years, who had parted, in anger too deep for words. Christian Harefield contemplated his visitor calmly — or with that stony quietude which is passion's best assumption of calm. 'Has the end of the world come .?' he asked, ' that you come to me.' ' You are surprised that I should come?' responded the Italian, in very good English. ' I am surprised at two things — your folly and your audacity. ' I shall not praise my own wisdom. I have done a foolish thing, perhaps, in coming to England on purpose to do you a service. But I deny the audacity. There is no act in my past life that should forbid my entrance to this house;' 'We will not reopen old wounds— or enter upon an old story,' answered Chris tian Harefield, 'You areavillian. You acted like a villain. You are a coward. You acted tike a coward, in flying from the man you had wronged, when he pursued you in his just and righteous wrath. 'My career of the last ten years best answers your charge of cowardice,' replied the other. ' My name will be remembered in Italy with the five days of Milan. I never fled from you. I never knew that you pursued, me.' ' I spent half a year of my life in hunting you. I 'would have given the remnant of an unprofitable life then to have met you face to face, in your lawless country, as we are meeting to-night in this room. But now the chance comes too late. I have outlived even the thirst for revenge.' ' Again I tell you that I never wronged you — unless it was a wrong against you to enter this house.' ' It was — and you know it You, my wife's former lover— ^the only man she ever loved — you to creep into my house— as the serpent crept into Eden— under The guise of friendship and goodwill — and poison my peace for everL' 'It was your own groundless jealousy that made the- .poison. From first to last your wife was -the purest and noblest of women.'- ? ' 'From first to last,' exclaimed Christian Harefield, with exceedingbitterness. .' Firsts when she introduced you— -the lover of her youth — to her husband's house — hist, when she fled from that husband with you for her companion. Assuredly the purest, and noblest among women — judged by your Italian ethics. ' With me,' cried the Italian, ' withme I Your wife fled with me ! You say that-» say it in good faitk ?'? 'I say that which I know to be thf truth. . When she left'me that night at the inn on the mountain road above Borgo Pace, after a quarrel that had, been just & trifle more Bitter than our customary quarrels — you were waiting for her with a carriage — a quarter of a' mile from tie inn — you were seen therfe— -she was sees to enter the carriage with you. Tolerably direct evidence, I fancy. For my daughter's sake — to save my own pride -and honor— I (gave out that my wife had died suddenly afrthat lonely inn in the Appenines. \Her father was.deadj her brother sunk in the gulf of Parisian dissipation. . There was no one interested in making enquiries as to the .details of her death or burial. The fiction passed- unquestioned. For -'me it -was!a truth. She die'd to me in the hour she abandoned and dishonored '.me— and 'all trust' in my fdlawrmeri, all jove for. my race, died within me at the same' time.' 'You are a man to be pitied,' said Antonio gravely. ' You have borne the J Isurden of an' imaginary; r diflhonbr. 'You have wronged your wife, ypiifiave wronged me— but you.'have; -wrohged_yoursel£ .most of all. Did .you' get uo:. letter from the Convent of Santa Cecilia?^ - **What letter? 'No. f%ad no letter. Ileftthe'inna^dayteea^ on the morning: aft^r my w&e;'eJflightT^fol^w^d on .$he track : of ''ybiir (»mi^e-T— trwednjbu as far as Citta di Casteflo-M&ere; -lost you— caught the trail again at Berugia, followed you to Narni, and th^agwtfinjssed JaU.' « And you b^^ved'that! your ?'?'wife: ?:. %as- my companion . in that journey I}' . '??'?'' ' : '? 'What else should I believe? It was the truth. 1 1 heard everywhere that you. were accompanied i-y a laay-^-aiiady whose description answered tomywifei1' '' : .- :; 'Possibly; A. tavenirkee pet's' description is somewhat vague. Tie lady was my sister whom I wate takingfrpm die convent ; of the Sacred Heart at XJrbino/wheie she -had been educated, to meet 'her betrothed in Romej where she was td.be^ married. ' Your rwife took refug4 tft Hfie/d6nyent of .13anta% Cecilia''j9n the - jugtib ^h^^ft^you. My sister and I '. yreni -. Iftere i^^fue^Ialt her in the^chargejof .the teserend ono&ef;* fwho^romiBed^eran^asyTknrJthere^slwig as slierchos^ to_ remaJto.^^^WfiS tb #rite 'to ypUv TtifirtPniirfwy^'^yMiiftniy^iSiHy COn ) dugt^^^eT^yQu^if^r TM^ge hj*d compelled i:her to this.£bjp9ej;7and ^thatjshe could only^returnito you undetdcertain -con- ditions. iheaWifceieveiewliaioiiietjMb ??* -#*k -**^ # -- m ?- - ' ? raise thai a messenger should jbe dispatched to the inn -with the letter as soon as it was daylight.™ T~ ? . ' I Jwas on the road at the first streak of dawn !' exclaimed Jlr. .Harefield. 'I never liad that letter. How do I know that it is Dot-all a lie? How dp I know that you Bave 'not come here with a deep-laid plot to cheat and cajole me. I nave lived all these years Ijfeliering my ^rifeialse, aa-: cursed, iabominable — a woman whose very existenoe was a disgraoe to me and to her child. And you come now with , this fable about a convent — a? sudden* flight -from»-an intolerable life— iay, it .was bitteryenough in. those last -fey?-^ronfes£j^a,pure.and spot less life, cloistered,' unknown. She is living jre^JTluppTisl^ alprofessed nun — tiding/that calm face under the shadow of * sahlg'Jjodd.'-1 ? ? : ' - - - ': ' She died 'within a year of /her entrance into the'convent, died'as she had lived, a finest; -receiving, protection and hospitality from the sisterhood, among them -but not one of 'them. As your wife the ^Church could not have received her. Thd' nuns . loved. hSt for her gentleness, her piety, and hersorpw. I have come from her grave.. Till. Within the last few months I have been a wanderer on the face of my country —every thought of my brain, every desire of my heart given to the cause of Italian Independence. Only last week I found myself again a traveller on the mountain road between. Urbino and Perugia, and master of my time. I went to visit the grave of her I had last seen a sorrowful fugitive from a, husband whose' very love tad been so mixed with bitterness that it Lad resulted in mutual misery. The fact that you had never visited the convent,' or communicated- in, any way with the nuns ?during rall. .these years, made -me suspect some misunderstanding— and in justice to ler whom I loved when life was young and full oji^ fair hopes-find whose memory jl love^arid honor :now my hair is grey, I am hereirto tell you that your wife died worthy ?of your'regret, that it is you who have need of pardon — Bbtsne.''';: ' ? ' ' ' And I 'am to take your word for this f' ' Ko.-j I knew top well your hatred, arid ?distrust to come to you without aome con firmation of my story; At my rrfequest, knowing all tlie* circumstances of the case, the reverend mother drew up a full account of your wife's reception atthe-couvent, her last illness, and her death, which came unexpectedly though she had long %een ill: My chief purpose in coming to England was to give you this paper.' He laid a large sealed envelope upon the table before Mr. Harefield. ' Having done this, my mission is ended. I have no inore to say.' The Italian bowell gravely, and left the room. Mr. Harefield mechanically ringing the bell for the butler' to show him out. guest, and Christian Harefield stood, look ing straight before him with fixed eyes — looking into empty air, and seeing— what ? A pale pained faceV -white, to the lips, framed in ebon hair,' dark eyes., gazing at liim with a- strained agonised- gaze — hands ?clasped in a convulsion of grief and anger. He heard a voice half choked with sobs. *' Husband, £on aie too cruel—groundless accusations— vilest suspicions — 1 will not, I cannot bear this persecution any longer. I will leave you this very flight;' : ,/ 'Yes,' he answered, 'your lover is -waiting for you. It was his carriage that passed us on the road — and you knowitf , ' I do,' she exclaimed with flashing eyes, *( and thank God that I have a friend and defender so near.' And then she left him to go to her own room, as he fancied. He took her talk of flight $san empty threat. She 'had threat ened him in this same way more than once in her passion, - Their quarrel to-night had been rf little more violemt than usual. That ?was all. His jealousy, had been aroused by the sight of a face lie liated looking out of a travelling carriage that whirled by them in a cloud of white dust on .the sunny mountain road. He had given free rein to Us violence afterwards, when they were alone at the inn — and iad spoken words that no woman could forgive or forget. Late that night he found her goner— and ?on enquiry discovered that a carriage had been seen waiting not far from the inn, and a lady, mufflled in a mantle, had been seen to enter it. He heard this some hours after the event. He had no clue to assist him. in discovering the way the carriage had '? taken, but he concluded that it had gone on to Citta di Castello. He had no doubt as i to the face that he had 'seen looking out of the window athwart that blinding cloud of dust, as the bells jingled on the ragged old harness, and the driver lashed his jaded Lorses. The outer door of the Water House shut ?with a prolonged reverberation, like the door of an empty church. Antonio was gone. Christian Harefield sank down in his accustomed seat and sat staring at the fire, 'with hollow eyes, his arms hanging loosely across the oaken arms of the .chair, liis long thin hands falling idly, his lips moving faintly now and then, but making no sound, as if repeating dumbly some conversation of the past— the ghosts of ?words long dead. Chaptee. XIX. — 'Death b&ings; Cool A. Night after Life's Sultry Day.1' Monday morning was bleak and cold. There ~was neither frost nor snow, but a driving rain that beat fiercely upon all the southward fronting windows of the Water House, and obscured the view of river and village, church tower, and moorland. At nine o'clock Beatrix was still sleeping. Bella, to whom necessity had given the habit of early rising, was- dressed, and out of her room before eight, and found herself at a loss for occupation. There was. a cheery fire in Miss HarefieloVs sitting room, and the breakfast was laid — a snug round table, bright with pretty china ana quaint old silver, with a blue and crimson Japanese bowl of hot-house flowers in the centre. How different from the Seratehell table, with its tumbled week-old cloth, which was like an enlarged copy of Mer cator's Chart ot the World done in Jea and coffee— its odds and ends of crockery all cracked— for what pottery that -ever '-was moulded could withstand 'die '^destructive^ ness of the young Scratchells?-— the bat tered old Britannia teapot, its stale quartern loaf, scanty remnant of salt Jbutter, and inadequate dish of P&lerf; aeed ^a&Brs;^ the distribution of which half- cured pig gave * rise to infallible ill-will and recrimination among Mr. SctatcheU's olive branches. At homeBella would have had to ?help in the preparat on of the morning meal, and to assist- her over-worked mother in £he struggle' to preserve peace and order' while it was being eaten. .. Here she had nothing to do butto sit and watch the lo»s burning,. and listen to, the clock ticking aud the ram lashing the windows, while she waited for 'Beatrix. ?-? '?_ This state of -existence, placid thpugh it was as compared with the turmoil .of home, soon began to pall jipon Bella^ who was of an essentially active temper. ? She went to fthe window and looked out, but could see ~very little through the blinding _ rain, only dun shapes of mountain and moor. She thought of Cyril 'Oulv,erhouse, who waa going his rounds already, perhaps, in the cold and rain ; or teaching damp children in;a windy .school-room. : She thought' of her poof mother, .whose much tried. spirit was doubtless being exercised by the tea kettle's obstinate persistence in not boiling, and of ; her father, who was most likely - i making himself an affliction to everybody ^with his Monday morning temper. To-morrow would be Christmas .Day. This afternoon Miss Harefield's presents and Bella's poor little offerings were to be sent to the Scratchells. Bella wondered whether her father would be mollified in temper as evening wore round, and allow of some slight rejoicings in the way of egg flip or snap-dragon — those luxuries for which the young Scratchells always pleaded, but wherewith they -were but seldom gratified. Yet, by-and-by, when going down the hill of life, they would look back upon this arid childhood, and, softened by distance, the rare and scanty pleasures of these early days would seem to them sweeter than anything which a pros perous later life could yield. The clock struck the quarter-past nine, and still Bella sat looking at the fire with the breakfast-table undisturbed. Even the urn had left off hissing. Beatrix was not generally so late. The two girls had been accustomed to sit down together at eight, for in Miss. Scales1 moral code late hours were sinful, and a nine o'clock breakfast was the first stage in a downward career. Bella's patience was exhausted. Ske went to Beatrix's door and knocked. No answer. She knocked louder and called, and still ' there was no answer. She_ was beginning io (feel uneasy, when she saw the young woman who waited on Miss Harefield coming along the corridor. ' Is your mistress up, Mary ? Have you done her hair ?' '? No, Mies. I went at half-past seven, as usual, but she -was sleeping so sound I didn't like td- wake her. I know she has had bad nights lately, and I thought the sleep -would do her good. I've been on the listen for her bell ever since.' 'And she has not rung?' -? No, Miss.' Bella went in without another word. Beatrix was sleeping profoundly. ' '? Don't wake ner Miss,' said the maid looking in at the door. ' She's been want ingj sleep all along. Mr. Namby says so. Let her have her sleep out.' ''Very well,' assented Bella. 'I'll go and have my breakfast. Fni quite ex Tiausted with waiting.' 'So you must be, Miss, and the urn is cold, and the eggs too, Til lay. I'll go and get (some -things notted up for you.' „ Bella sat down to her lonely breakfast presently, profound silence reigning in the house, and a dulness as of the grave. She began -to tMnk that after all wealth was not an unqualified blessing. Here was the heiress to one of the finest estates in York shire, with innumerable acres in Lincoln shire to boot, leading an existence so joyless \- and; monotonous that even one week of it ?was; too much for Miss Seratehell. And yonder at the Park the wife of a millionaire was hastening her descent to the grave by vain cares and needless econimies. The' rich people Sid not seem, according to Bella's email experience, to get value for( their .'money. She was still afting~at breakfast wken* she yraa surprised by a visit from the butler, a personage who rarely ascended to the upper floor. ' Ohj, if you please, ma'am,' he began with a serious air. ' Mrs. Peters and I are rather anxious about Mr. Harefield. We really don't feel to know what we ought to do — -the circumstances are altogether out of the way. I don't want to do more than my duty as a faithful servant — and I shouldn't feel satisfied if I was to do less. '?'But what is wrong?' asked Bella, puzzled and scared by this circumlocution, and now perceiving the round rubicund visage of the housekeeper looking iu at the door* ' Is Mr. Harefield ill ?' ' No, Miss Seratehell, it isn't that— but we can't find him.' ' You can't find him ?' ' No, ma'am. He isn't in his bedroom, and what's more, his bed wasn't slept in last night. He isn't in the library — or the dining-room — and those three rooms are the only ones he ever uses. His habits — as you know, ma'am — are as regular as clock work — as far as regards meals, and so on. He takes his breakfast at nine o'clock, and goes from his breakfast to his library. He never left home in his life without letting me know beforehand. But he dida't sleep in this house last night — and he's not to be found in this house this morning.' *' He may have gone away last night with; the strange gentleman,' suggested Bella. 'No, ma'am, that he didn't, for I let the foreign gentleman out, and locked the door after ihim.' 'Have you searched the house? Mr. Harefield may have fallen down in a fit somewhere. It's too dreadful to think of.' ' Eve looked everywhere that was likely. There are only three rooms that he ever uses, as 1 said, ma'am. And I wouldn't frighten Miss Hatefield for tlie world. That'ls why I came to consult jou, ma'am, knowing you to be a clever young ladv, and yourfatker being my master's lawyer.'' 'Clome,' said B^lla, seeing, the two servants looking at her as if for.in6piration. 'If Mr. Harefield has .gone .away on the spur of the moment, I daresay he has left a letter^— or a memorandum — somewhere. Let u£ ,go round the house together, and look 4bout. ' It was quite right of you not to disturb Miss Harefield.' . \- Bella led the way downstairs, followed, by tiie. scared 8ervante.;:Her.7hearti was beating fast, agitated by nameless fears; buteifenin the midst of ner fear she felt a kind i if elation, a sense of -new importance. Somej great event : was' going to happen. ', This |low old ship, jtherWater' House, was entering stormy seas.- ^md *heTvas at the helmi ..... ,:?-. - .?'. /.'. )ix.A A teudden 'thought 'went through ier . heart^ike akiufe. , WHat if v Mr; ,HarefieId werejt6aie?r^His .death;, would, 'mepa wealai andi&eedom;, love^ liberty, all glad things that earth could give for Beatrix. _It would mean union -with Oyril Culver ' hpuee. The pang of envy -which pierced ' Bella's little soul, at that thought was an almost unsupportable .agony. She had ^endured the idea of their mutual -love, with secret pangs and heart burnings, but with at least an outward patiencer-^rwhile aH possibility of their union was afar off. ';But, to see them prosperous, loyers, happy in each other— to hear their wedding bells,, and to have to sit'by and smile continually wihile her little world praised them and rejoiced in ther happiness. This would be too much. All these, considerations passed through her mind as -slie Vent downstairs £o the library, where,' if ^any letter', had been left by Mr. Harefield before Ms departure, itjwas more likely to be .found. ,( ;The shutter^ had bejjn, opened -and the blinds drawn up, the fire was lighted^ floor swept, the chairs were set straight. But tlie large writing table with' its litter of , bciolis ana1 papei-s -liad been left untouched. The housemaids at the Water House knew their duties too well to disturb anything there. ._. There were letters on the mantel-piece — sold letters thrust carelessly behind bronze candlesticks and oriental jars. The .butler went over to the hearth to examine these papers, -with a faint hope that among them there might lurk some communication from his missing master. The housekeeper went to look at a tray in the hall, where cards and letters weie sometimes put, and where it was just possible her master might have left some message on a scrap of paper. Bella turned over the books on the table — ia volume of ' Euripides' — the last num ber of the 'Westminster' — half a dozen . pamphlets, political and scientific. She started, aud looked at the butler, who was standing with his back to her deliberately sorting the letters he had taken from the mantelpiece, chiefly receipted accounts which Ids master had thrust there and for gotten, Christian Harefield not being a man of, business-like habits, or given to tha docketing or pigeon-holeing of unimportant letters. tlere, under Bella Scratchell's hand — lyibg balf-Mdden among the books and pamphlets— ^vras a letter 'that evidently meant something. A large blue envelope sealed with the Harefield crest, a stag pas eaqt, and curiously addressed. \ ' For my daughter Beatrix.' A man could hardly write to his daugh ter, she living -under the' same roof with bin), sitting at meat with him a few hours ago, unless he had something of an excep tional nature to tell her. These con siderations and some more passed through Bella's mind as she stood 'with her hand on Jthe letter, her eyes on the butler's portly baepv. He was entirely engrossed with his scrutiny of the envelopes in his hand, being of a slow and stolid temperament, and requiring leisure in which to grasp an idea. At this moment no one' but Bella and- the writer knew of the existence of - this* letter. : And the writer, where, wasie?: Bella put the letter into her pocket. 'I will give it to her myself,' she though~t.~''TF wilTbe better.' *4 There's nothing iere, Miss Seratehell,' said the butler, ' and this is where master alw&ys; puts his letters for the post.' And then he came and surveyed the table -with -hie -slow gazer which seemed feebly to interrogate the covers of the books, as if in the hope that they might tell iiiTn' something. ?'Nothing, ma'am ?' *? Nothing,' answered Bella. ?*'lt's a very awkward position for old serv&nts; to fincl themselves placed in,' said flie butler. ' It isn't like my master to go out -pf the house and tell nobody, and leave his servants to' puzzle and worry themselves .about him. He has been eccentric of late ryears, 'but always' the gentleman. And how could be go away, except on foot, which isn't likely ? I've Jbeen to the stables. He has not been out there. The horses are all in the stables'. There's no coach goes through Little Yafford. There's no rail within ten miles.' 'I wish I knew what to advise you,' said Bella, ' but I really do not. It is quite a dieadful situation for us all to be in. And; Miss Harefield will be coming down stair^ presently — and must be told. I really think you ought to send for my father. He would know what to do perhaps.' ' I couldn't take upon myself to do such a thipg ma'am. If my master should come back: — and be offended at us makinj* such a fussJ ? » ' But you have a right to make a fuss. His bed wa6 not slept in last night, you say. [ He disappears suddenly on a Sunday ni»ht after receiving a mysterious visitor. You have a right to be frightened.' 'Why frightened? Who has disap peared ?' asked a voice at the door, and Beatrix entered, pallid and heavy-eyed after her late slumbers. ' Ob, Beatrix,' cried Bella, going over to her. ' I did not think you were coming downstairs.' ' What is wrong ?' asked Beatrix. ' Is is anything about my father ?' There was a pause, and then she turned sharply upon the butler, ' There iB something wrong,' she said, 'and you are trying to hide it from me. Is my father ill ?' Peacock faltered, stammered, and finally explained the state of things. 'When did you last see papa?' asked Beatrix, after he had finished. ' l£ was half-past ten o'clock, ma'am. I brought wood and coals, and asked if there was anything more wanted, and my master said no.' ' Was he looking ill — or agitated ?' 'I; did not notice anything particular. He w,as sitting quietly before the fire.' 'Reading?' ?. ' No. He was not reading.'/ Beatrix sank into her father's chair, very pale, jand trembling in every limb. She couldj think of nothing — she could suggest nothing. For the moment the very power of thought seemed suspended. 'Bella lent over her and murmured something indis tinctly soothing. But this state qI mental . collapse did not last long.. Beatrix rose, acd went quickly to the door. - : *' Lptjislook in every swrarin ^fafriouss,' she said.- f In my ? motherjis rooms 'first of; 'all. Jlemaybe .there J' .* 'Oh, Miss Beatrix,'Jcried-Peacock,^ \rhj: you khow those 'cbomslare never opened.' /' Ytes, sometimes By- him; -Be Keeps' the Wjr. jThe ^visitor £ast ';flWMI' rvraa %ji bid ' friend of 'my^ jaoQifi'r's.. j$q£ '. sij&t; :ipf him would bring back thougbts^bf the ; past to , znytajher.i'!o;' .'. -XA'it .? A She ran quickly up stairs, arid to the passage out of which ter mother's ' rooms -opened.— It waaet-tke end of the house opposite that in -which Beatrix- lived; 'See,' she cried, 'the'key is in the door of the 'morning-room. My father is there.' She knocked softly and waited for a minute pr so, but there was no answer. Then.she took courage and went, in -alone,; while Peacock, £he housekeeper, and- Miss Soratchell waited breathlessly in the cor ridor. * ' - '''? ' : ' ?'-??? ? , There was a pause which to these listeners seemed) long, and then there rose a cry that thrilled them. . - - -. .-Thjsy.Twentin timidly* all together, f ull of .fear, and found Beatrix Harefield ? on her knees beside a sofa, on which, stretched- at full length, clad ~dn its monk's robe of gTey cloth, lay that which a few hours ago nad been the master of all things on the 'Water House estate, ruler and arbiter of 'many lives, by the sublime right of ten or twelve thousand a year. ' Send some one for Mr. Namby,' cried Peacock, ? ' 'Come away with me, Miss Beatrix) love,' cried the housekeeper. ' You can't do any good, and you'll only make yourself unhappy. Come away with me and Miss ScratcLell.' Bella stood looking on, white and scared, and said not a word. Beatrix heard good Mts. Pomfret's entreaties, but took no heed. She was still upon her knees, clasping a dead man's icy hand, and all the life within her seemed frozen, like his. (To be continued.) 