A RUN ON THE GIPPS LAND RAILWAY. As the Oakleigh and Bunyip section of the Gipps Land Railway is to be opened next week, the present occasion is a suitable one to give an account of the works At the commencement of last week, when the materials for this narrative were collected, the Railway department had no rolling stock on the line, but a seat on the contractor's locomo- tive was easily obtained from Mr, Leggatt, and under the direction of the district engineer (Mr. John Lunt), for whose courtesy certain thanks are due, the journey from Oakleigh to the Bunyip was pleasantly and safely made. It is not necessary to dwell on the mistake now so lamentably obvious, which was committed in beginning the line at a point 10 miles from Melbourne-only to be reached by means of horse drawn waggons and carts- but practical men outside of the service of the Government, which, of course is prudently reticent on the subject, estimate that as much money has been wasted in the cartage of materials for the first section and part of the second as would have built a large part of the now needed section from Mel bourne to Oakleigh. The section from Oak leigh to the Bunyip, originally 34½ miles in length, was let in December, 1874, to Mr. Neil M'Neil, for £98,520, but it was trans ferred, at the instance of the Government, in September, 1875, to Mr Leggatt, who was a member of the firm (O'Grady, Leggatt, and Noonan) which constructed the heavy section of the North Eastern Railway. An addition was also made by the Government to the length of the section, and the Oakleigh end of the line brought three miles nearer to town than was at first intended, which caused a corre- sponding addition to be made to the contract money. Two years were allowed for the exe- cution of the work, which, therefore, should have been finished in December last, but the extension of the works had to be accom- panied by an extension of time, and the 1st of October was named as the date on which the Government would open the section for traffic. Even by the 1st of Oc tober-last Monday-the trains were not ready to run, but the blame did not lie with the contractor ; nor, in the present state of the middle sections, could a few days delay be of very great consequence. From Oakleigh to Sale the total distance is about 112 miles, of which at the present moment 45 miles are open, 37½ miles ready to be opened, and 42 miles-the middle sections -not likely to be out of the contractor's hands before March, 1878. Between Oakleigh and the Bunyip the works are of a very light description, and the cost, apart from cartage, must have been small. No bridges of any size have been necessary. The largest-over the main creek at Dandenong-is hardly noticeable from the train. Small bridges, however, are numerous, there are 43 of them, but they are built of timber, according to the plainest and homeliest pattern. It appears that economy in the construction of the light series of lines is principally attained by the erection of simple but strong bridges the re- duction of the quantity of the ballast, and the contraction of the width of the roadway upon which rails and sleepers are placed. The tops of embankments and the floors of cuttings are of the uniform breadth of 161/2 ft., so that they spread themselves out about 5ft. on each side of the rails. Embankments have a slope of 11\2_ft in 1, and cuttings a slope of 1ft in 1. The depth of ballast under the sleeper is 8in., and when the sleeper has been laid the quantity is increased by 3in, The width of the top of the strip of ballast is 10ft so that it extends 2ft and a fraction beyond the rails. None of the bridges are as wide as the ballasted track; they are just 9ft. broad, or a little less than the space which ordinary sleepers stretch across. They have no walls or parapets, but merely a kerb to prevent the ballast from rolling off. Mess- mate and stringybark are the woods which have been used in the construction of the bridges. All the sleepers except what have been used in the first four miles of the seo tion are of tbe same timbers. The first four miles are laid with redgum sleepers, brought by rail from Echuca to Melbourne, and thence drawn by teams to Oakleigh. Forests of useful trees like the messmate and the stringybark spread over a consider- able- area of country between Berwick and the remote parts of the Gipps Land line, so that timber has been procurable in abundance for the permanent way. Iron rails, 60lb. to the yard, are used throughout the Gipps Land line. Appar- ently it is only for roads on which the traffic is expected to be very heavy, such as the North-Eastern, that the engineers have recommended steel rails. In this country 60 lb. rails are considered as of moderate weight but there are parts of the world in which they would be regarded very nearly of maximum heaviness. We, however, follow the example of the English engineers, and err, it were in this matter at all, in the direction of safety, and perhaps also, in the long run, of economy. In no matters is the thrift of the engineers so conspicuous as in the station- houses, which, from end to end, belong to a lowly and inexpensive order of architecture. Taxpayers who have been accustomed to condemn the early extrava- gance which committed us to edifices of stone calculated to last a thousand years, and thus to deprive the bricklayer and mason of the present century of all hope of a share in the repairs-money, should soothe their angry souls with an early trip to the Bunyip. They will see that we have at last really learned prudence. The accommodation at each of the three or four important stations on the section is re- duced to two weatherboard cottages, one of which will hold the humble-minded station master, and the other serve the purposes of the ticket clerk and the public. The cottages are well made, both for winter and for summer service, and the heat which the corrugated iron roof may have a tendency to absorb, will be checked in its descent through the ceiling by a thick layer of sawdust. It is not thought needful at present to erect sheds. When at some future time the traffic becomes large enough to justify the erection of substantial houses, the cottages will be bodily removed to places where new road crossings are opened. All the public crossings between Oakleigh and Bunyip are on the same level as the rails except one, and no less than 20 gates and gate-keepers' cottages have had to be provided. An aver- age of one public gate to every two miles shows that the population, though thin, is fond of lo- comotion. Gates, as we manage them, are not very expensive, for they are generally put under the charge of the wives of line repairers, by whom an extra shilling a day and free quar- ters are regarded as a valuable equivalent for the duties rendered. It must strike visitors from countries where railway fences are little known that we are far too particular in re- lieving stockowners of the burden which pro- perly should be fitted upon their own shoul- ders. To slightly alter the words of a learned judge, it is not the trains but the cattle that need to be fenced in, for trains never stray far from the rails. Amongst a population of 44,000,000 in the United States, it is con- sidered sufficient to erect a board at cross- roads to warn travellers "to look out for the locomotive ;" but here we keep gates, with noble red danger spots on them, and gate men or gatewomen with flags to see that silly persons don't drive on to the rails when a train is at hand. If stockowners can't educate their stock to read notice boards, tbey deserve to lose an occasional beast. Of course, the railway engineer does not maintain his gatekeeper to save the stock owners from loss, but to prevent accidents to the running train. This should be told to the proprietors of the 70,000 miles of railway to be found in the United States,for probably, though they rise pretty early in the morning they may not be aware what a great deal we can teach them. From Oakleigh to Berwick, and even to the Bunyip, the section passes through monoto- nously dull scenes. It commences at Oak- leigh, about half a mile from the main street of the township, on a sandy flat, occupied just newby native heaths. The flat, 21 years ago or more, was expected to become densely populated, for an old map of the locality shows that it was laid out into numerous streets, for which the projector of the proposed town or city took the trouble to find names. But nobody had ever proposed to live there in the mode it "SB originally intended that he should do. The line starts from the Warrigal-road, which crocses the Dandcnong-road a few yards on the Melbourne Bide of the Oakleigh town- ship, and fully a mile and a half nearer to the metropolis than the engineers at first contemplated, The alteration has beea «-¡nely made, for it placeB the Btation doss to a well- made road inshad of on a swampy flat, which would have been difficult to cross with heavy carts in wet weather. The extension 1)QB not been without advantage to the con- tractor, for it has enabled him to got a good deal of material upon the line which the eseee of the tollbar, BBhort distance down the road, has not been able to levy dues npon. From the Bandy flats at Oakleigh on- wards for 15 or IG miles, there is really no. tliiug to look at, save, perhaps, the township of Dandenong, of which an excellent back view is obtained. The station is close to tho main Btroer.so that the to wnBpeople, when they want to visit Melbourne will only have one or two bandied yards to walk to reach the train. But even the hope of a view of Dandenong will hardly keep the sleepy traveller awake, and the department will do well, when the );no is opened from end to end, to so arrange it? time-table aB to start the trains eastward at Bundown. Evon Berwick, 17 miles from Oakleigh, with its picturesque intermixture of volcanic and clay-slate hills,-its mosaic of rich black and poor grey soi's, does not unmask her beauties with any prodigality to the railroad traveller, but reserves thom chiefly for those who stop at her inna or patronise the coacb, for the steep hills or the boundless views one gets from the top of them, which the weary horses know ao well, ore carefully avoided by the locomotive, and the trains stick obstinately to the plains. There ia hardly a cutting on the first 20 miles of the journey whose sides rise abovo the level of a carriage w'ndow, but tbii ia partly accounted for by the steepnesa of the grade, 1 in CO. This ia the rise or fall which obtains on all our lines except the Beechworth, where the uscent has the steepnesa of the Zig-zag tin New South Wales, or 1 in 33. If, however, a gradient of 1 in 50 eaves money in surmount- ing low hills, it largely reduces the weight of the load which the locomotive can pull-a consideration which will be appreciated when we state that on the North-Eastern line a locomotive from Seymour to Benalla can haul twice as heavy a load as one between Melbonrne and Seymour. The gradient that rules on the former section ia 1 in 75, and on the latter 1 in 50. Beyond Berwick, and as far aa the Bunyip, the country in the winter season of the year is for the most part of such a nature as amphibious animals alone can take delight in. Now and again the line crosses wooded hills and grassy ridgee of low elevation, bat marshy flats, which chiefly produce olothes. propa and telegraph poles prevail to an ex- travagant degree. The northern extremity of the Koo-wee-rup Swamp, which waste, fully occupies so much territory between the Gipps Land road aud the shores of Western Fort, ia crossed between Pakenham and the Bunyip, and a very sloppy, purposeless work of nature it seems to be. No doubt some day wo shall see it drained, and the water which spreads over its vast surface collected into three or four channels. In the hills in tbe neighbourhood of the swamp the forests begin to acquire a robust look ; the timber is thick, though evidently often visited by mis- chievous firea, and some of the trees have waists of aldermanic girth. Vegetation evidently thrives, even under difficulties, and from tbo bark, black with last Bummer's fire, abundance of green shoots have burBt forth with the recent spring rains, so that the trunkB of the big trees seem to have taken to trousers. The section ends in udeep silent forest on the slope of a hill, which appears, from the loose blocks of stone that lie about the station, to be composed mainly of granite. The railway line be- tween Borwick and the Bunyip never wanders far from the maia road, save in the vicinity of the hills, but at the Banyip the two tracks are separated by a breadth of two miles. Let not the forlorn and oUia shipwrecked traveller think that the Oak- leigh and Bunyip section will greatly abridge bia troubles. Even with the two end sections of the lino open, Gipps Land Qtill remains "a province to be addod to Victoria." The worst portion of the couch road liea between Berwick and the Morwell, and horses and vehicles go through the soft places as if coaches and drays wore ploughs, and the track had to be prepared for plantations of fall-grown trees. Between Borwick and the Banyip-a third of the distance-there are several bad lengths, which the section about to be opened will totally abolish, but the coaches will have to traverse two miles of boggy forest between the Btation and the road. At present, when tho track from the station to the main road bus scarcely .been used, tbe prospect seems very dismal, but what it will be like when the coaches havo been running for two or three weeks, it is unadvisable, in the in- terests of traffic, to say. The Railway de- partment has only felt bound to metal a few chains' length of the approaches. Certainly, as the summer and not the winter months are before the traveller, the case will not be so bad as it might be-poor consolation ! No doubt, it can be said that unpleasant as the two miles of forest track may become, they will never create perils and dangers to affright Bonis of persons who have sur- vived the journey from the Bunyip to tbe Morwell, which they will have to put up with as patiently as may be until March next. There are no visible settlements at the Bunyip at present, save such as have been temporarily called into existence by the J railway works, but the hills on the north are statedtohavebeen allseleoted. Two red-wood cottages have boen built at the back of the station, apparently for the purposes of trade. On the whole, the scene is very desolate, and the traveller tempted by railway time-tables to ran down into Gipps Land, will be strongly persuaded when he Bteps from the train into the open Bpace which has been hewn oat of the Bunyip forest to postpone his visit, and hasten back to Melbourne, unless he is of dauntless mind, and hardened to toilsome bush roads. The section from the Bunyip to the Mor- well, 42 miles long, was let in the first in- stance to Messrs. Noonan Brothers, but the rate of progress they made did not satisfy the department, which in January last cut the work into two parts, and gave the part next to Mr. Leggatt's section to Messrs. Fishburn and Morton, the firm that constructed the Beechworth line. The middle section con- tains all the steep hills and sharp curves to be found on the line. A number of the cuttings are so long and so deep that no less than 50,000 and 60,000 cubic yards of earth and stone will have to be taken out of some of them. The principal cutting is on Messrs. Noonan Brothers' part of the section ; and it passes through the Haunted hill (where the ghosts disperse the cattle and perplex the stockmen), the highest point on the line, 476ft above sea level. Operations are con- ducted from both ends of the section. The work in the hands of Messrs. Fishburn aud Morton was available for inspection on the present trip, and advantage was taken of the offer of tbe contractors' engine to run up the line as far as the rails had been laid, about seven miles beyond the Bunyip. The most important undertaking brought under notice was the timber bridge over the Bunyip River, 450ft long. The erection of this bridge was attended with several difficulties. The flats on both sides of the stream were so flooded that teams could not cross them, and a timber tramway had to be made from the saw pits to the site of the bridge in order to get the piles and beams carried thither. The river is shallow, but its bed consists of soft mud, through which some of the piles had to be driven 35ft, before a safe foundation was reached. So densely was the mud packed with the trunks of dead trees that considerable trouble was met within sinking some of the piles. The flats on each side of the river are often subject to floods, and as many as four bridges, in addition to the large one, are crossed in the space of a few minutes. From the Bunyip flats onwards the line passes over hilly country, heavily timbered, and the locomotive stopped just a few yards short of the rich soil which makes the Brandy Creek district so famous, and supports the mammoth trees on the Gipps Land track. To find a suitable route through the dense forests traversed by the middle section was no holiday task for the engineers. In some places the surveys coverod a breadth of six or eight miles. Only a limited view is ob tained from the line, which seems to be lost in wooded hills, and valleys filled with ferns thickets, and scrub. About six miles beyond the Bunyip bridge the soil suddenly changes from greyish brown to brick red. The laying of sleepers and rails was going on satisfac torily in sloppy cuttings. To facilitate opora tions the cross sleepers werelaidon temporary longitudinal sleepers instead of on ballast, and aa the ballast waa brought up by the loco motive from the quarneB it was filled in be neath the sleepers, and the longitudinale taken out MuchofthematerialforMeasra Fiahburn and Mortons portion of tho soction has been carted to the lino from Melbourne and tie chargea in some instances wera enor mons-an much por ton per milo on the bad roads as it cost to bring rails all the way oat 'rom London to Melbourne It remains for us to say a fov words about the ballast quarries, which desorvo mention On the middle section stone ia plentiful, but often in inaccessible places The principal sourco of supply is Pakenham, on the Oak le if li and Buuyip section 13 miles from tho point at which MessrB Tishburn and Morton a contract begins Some fine stone waa found on a hill on the estate of Mr Thomas Henty, less than 100 yards from the line At present the stone is taken out in carts, and broken by band labour-a work at which 100 men are employed. It ia considered a pity that tho hil), from which as distant an object as Mount Baw Baw can be seen on fine days, should be aestroyed by quarrymen, for in a locality for the most part flat it is the ono eminence which can be found for a palace or a castle-and some day the district may need the one or the other. The whole of the bal last for the 37J miles of the hue from Oak leigh to the Bunyip has been obtained at Berwick, which has thus been created the central camp on the section, much to the ad- vantage of the storekeeper and the publican, The quarry has proved quite a small fortune to the landowner. It is situated on tho Blope of a small hill, overlooking the line. A tem- porary tramway connected the pit with the machine stone breakers, and the loaded trucks as tbey rolled down the descent pulled up the empties. The Btone is volcanic por- tion of the overflow of an ancient crater, a quarter of a mile off, and it lies on the folds of stratified rock like a thick garment What is remarkable about the quarry is that when the blasts were carried down to a depth of 60ft, about half way to the supposed bottom, it was suddenly found that the lava rested upon a bed of white clay, now be lieved from the view obtained of an exposed section at the quarry entrance, where the stratified rock has been much contorted, to be 15ft or 20ft thick. On examination this clay wasfonnd to split readily into thin plates, the surfaces of which bore disunct impressions of leaves and twigs The long, curvodjblade of the gum tree of the present day waa easily recognised. So numerous were the leaf prints, even in cakes of clay no bigger than the band, that it waa evident the locality though now high above the meadows-must, like the present marsh lands, have once been a common -torehouBeforuaod np foliase At what date the eruptions took place which created or formed the hills of Berwick, and buried the ancient marshes and mounds, it would be unlawful even to guesa, but a local authority who can speak loamed'y of plants, from the cedar of Lobiuon to the hyssop on the wall has entered into calculations which will probably determine the question in the lifetime of the present generation. At present the discovery of leaf -prints in clay overlaid by lava ia regarded as a great mar vel and many houses are stocked with specimens. 