COMMERCIAL. MELBOURNE LIVE 8T00K MAHKET. MARAH 14,1877. EIOBASO OISSOH AVP CO. BCPOBT : FAT CATTLE.-1,780 head wen entered, at! of which came forward, miking one of the largest markets we have had for some con siderable time. The greater portion were \ from New 8outh Walee and the Gipps Land district, the baUnoe being chiefly made op with email local drafts. Prime qualities were again scarce, bat the sale* of all alaaseg euf fered from tke ovsr-supply, a fall of from 16a to 26s per head having to lie Submitted to, a Urge nnmber wen toned oat trawld. We sola-19 balloolu, for Mr. T. Craven, Jleath eote; 81 bollocks for Mr. A. Smith, Lin denow, at bom £10 10s to £14» averaging £11 4a <d { 81 oows and bullooks, for Mr. F. E Hughes, Taggarty; 80 bollooks for Mr. ' John Calvert, Bpirnsdal*, at from £9 IDs to £13 IPs, averaging £10 III 8d; 17 bullocks for Messrs. W. and D. Potter, Bairnsdale, at from £6 10s to £8 12s fld, averaging£8 Is 6d; 15 bullock* for Mr. E. Saunders, Ooongulmerang, at from £9 to £102s6d, averaging £914s 8a; 14 bullooks for Mr. V. Been*, Ooongulme tang, sit bom t!J 18a to £9, avenging £8 6s; 10 bullocks for lfr. J. HelL_Ooongolmer*ng, at £10; 8 bullocks for Mr. H. Woods, Coon gulmerang, at £616a. < Far Calvis.-Large supply yarded, none] of them very prime, all sons fell from 6a to I 7a6dIpermm.- We Quota:-Best, 60s. to 70s i good, 40s to 60*; seoondi, 80s to 86s; others, IS* up. FAT SHED. -16,100 forward, consiating chiefly of medium to good, with only a few really prime quality amongst {hem. Sales (or best descriptions were brisk, at prices .boot 8d to la bdow lost week's advanced rates, whilst otherqualities suffered a stall farther ndnotiou. We Quote:-Best merino wsthenin, 18s to 14s; good,llsBdtol2s6d; seconds, lOstolls; others, 8aupwards; ewes in proportion; ben aossbred wethsrs, 16* fld to 17* fid (extra, up to SOs) ; second:, 14a 6d' to 16* M; others, 0* upwards; ewes at proportionate rates. . We sold-1,020 wsthenfor Mr, L Campbell, Bomsey; 1,017 wether* for Mr. W. 7: Clarke, Bolinda Vale and Rookbank Bstetes; 890 for Mr. Wm. Merry, Balham Hill BmA; 265 ewes for Messrs. M'Olnsky and Boo, Blackwood Boad j 248 ewasand wethers for Mr. Jams* Peters, Newharn j 844 ewes for Mr. WflHam Turner, BroadlanSs; SSi ewel and wethen for Mr. Geo/Oribb^Bpring Hill Farm: 80 ewes for Mrs. H. Robertson, IftaokWood Boad: and draft* forMesers. Osmpbell Brothen, BiddeU's Onek i and Mr.T. Mxlormaok, Dean; prises ranging to lis for merino withers, to 80s for croasbrad wethen, and to lis for oross-hred ewes. . ' '? STOBX STOCK.-The demand has not in creased eo much as we anticipated rinoe the Me win* as jttiqr tuned out to have been only very partial, and tfce fedlities for remor ing stook are neatly as bad as ever, owing to tha scarcity of water and fsed on the roads ; yet there are a few inquiries for best descrip tions ; and whan a general. rain does set in, we expect there will be wy few store cattle or eheep offering. The late extraordinary rise ot 3s per head on fat sheep will indnoe own ere of stores to bold, if posuble, nntil the change comas, when most of them will be under stocked, We quoteBest bollooks, in good condition, to £8 IGs, do. oows to £4; bat Bifrl1" withers, 4s fld to 8s fld; do ewes, in |amj>, 7e fld to 8s fld. We repent harin£ aold, through our Ballarat jurants, 20,000 ewes and wether*, on aooount ot the executors of the late A. M'MQlan, Sheep Hflls Station. OonuuRttT.-Iht Hon. Alexander Palmar, an to"1""1, thus sums op his opinion of tin industrial leeouees of Austra lia. chiefly formed on his observations at the Philadelphia Exhibition 1st That Aus tralia is the most highly favored country in the world is respect of those baaio elements of national progress, the natural resouroes of the land. 2nd. That its artificial productions were more important and varied than those of the United States. 8rd. That its progress baa been more rapid in the past, and promises to be more rapid and enduring in the future. 4th. That it & the most favorable oountry in the world to which the surplus population j of Europe oould emigrate to. 6th. That this 'Centennial Exposition (In Philadelphia) was designed chiefly to exhibit to the world the i natural and other advantages of Australia, its future rapid froifth, and the relative decadence of the United States."-Hid. A Gxxloso correspondent writesThere j is no doubt, that, like "the last of the Mohicans," the last of the Dau-dau- Ooc tribe has become* in all wt oolour, a white man. That is to say, he is content to forego savage customs for those adopted by Us oivillsed (f) white tellowmen. I have been led to make these remarks by as Incident in which " King Billy" took*mostaeUve part Than a man named Blaokwell, a fisherman, residing at the Barwon Heads there are none more quarrelsome when " In liquor." A few days ago, he and .. wiw h.stn. liT A.i,;nn the dusky one oot so muoh the best of the enoonnten that he nearly made his quondam friend as blaok as himself. Had such a/nzeas happened twenty years ago, it is probable that "King Billy"would have hidden himself in the recesses of the bush but he scorned to do so.. Boldly he marohed into town, and applied for a sumuions against Blaokwell for assault. This was readily granted-" the poor blaok fallow" must be protected against "the brutal white man"-ana the servioe of "a man in bins" was oalled into requisition to serve it. He, to his surprise, found that Blaokwell had been so hammered that he waa obliged to keep j In bed, and was rather indignant at having been sent out on so wild a goose-chase. Black, well, it is said, means to take out a cross summons, so we may look forward to two histories of the battle. ISAAC MARKS, a Russian Jew, was hanged on tha 2nd instant, at Honemonger-laae Gaol, for the murder of Frederick Barnard, at New ington. TACKS AND GHOSTS. -There is nothing which is more revolting to a sensitive ghost than the sharp, flat headed tanks known to artists as " drawing tacks." When one of [ these taoks is tossed on the stage where materialised ghosts disport themselves, it in variably remains with its point apwards. It may readily be connived that an nnsuspeoting, I barefooted ghost who treads heavily on each a treacherous and penetrating tack wonld have a right to manifest an earthly and violent indignation. Indeed, almost any amount of language on the part of the injured ghost would be pardoned by all human men. Bat what did the ghost of Daniel Webster do when he reoently tried to walk over a stage strewn with drawing taoks during a materialising Statue in a Wisconsin town f When the first taek entered that ostensible ghost's right foot he calmly lifted op his iqjurea limb ana under took to withdraw the intrusive bit of steel. It was not until, in his efforts to balanoe him self on one leg, he ran another taek in his left foot, that he broke silence by softly remlrking " Ouchand it is doubtful if he would have repeated that statement, or ventured upon any other, had he not iaoatstionsly sat down, and thus inserted two or mora taoks into his person. In these circomstauoes he might have totally lost his temper, and no man oowd have had a word for him; .but instead of letting his ghostly passions rise, he merrely expressed his views of the matter by the simple and touching remark, "Well, by gout 1"and hurriedly withdrew into the mystio cabinet. VoLtraTABTtBiL-The Glasgow Christian Ifewi (a Nonconformist journal) contains the following illustrations of the workings of Voluntaryism and Disestablishment in America" There are 1.074 vacant Presby terian churches in America, and 1,799 have ' stated supplies,' ao that nearly 8,000 out of the total of little over $,000 churches are without pastors. From another quarter we leant that several ministers, occupying impor tant churches have reoently resigned owing to the financial embarrassments. Still more unwelcome are the statistics published in the Pmbyterian. Nearly a third-of the whole number of Presbyterian ohurohes in the United States could not report a single addition to the roll of communicants fast year. A friend, writing'from a town in the State of Maine, asserts that in general ministers are not much respected, that many read papers in the house of God during the time of worship, and that the sermons must be auoh as to please the peculiar tastes of the more important members of theOhnroh, otherwise the pastor most leave. If these faots are true, they reveal a most deplorable state of matters in the Ohurohes." ' HOEWT-IUKDED ASO HOKKIY.-A homey. handed and homely (is the sense of ugly) described in the Chvbouti Qa&tte;: - A bright blue suit, surmounted by a regular old. farmer's crash black hat, proclaims that- Blue Jeans Williams has returned to bis Congres sional duties. Be is, without «zoeptdon, one of the ogliest men, in the face ana figure, I have ever seen. He suggests the likeness of an exaggerated Brother Jonathan. His body is longjiean, and lank, and his ungraceful arms hang aa if splioed on to his ungainly body, and worked by rusty hinges. His hand* brows and callous-looking, and his faee is utterly devoid of all expression of culture, intellect, or refinement. Bis skin resembles in colour and texture that of tho BgyytUu uamn&as; at the Smithsonian. His hair is coarse and black, and he has shaved off the scraggy Utile board he last winter wore uudsr his chin, probably his eoonomioal habits prohibiting his lnog supporting suoh an nnneoessaty luxury. Upon bong asked why he wore suoh a shabby - looking suit, Blue Jeans replied, " It's good enough for home, and ought to be good enough for Congress." The India Governor shambled here, and everywhere, offering the " horny hand of a Granger" to all his confreres. 8TAOI TOILETTES.-1The first representation of the much-talked-of piece entitled "La Comtesso Homani" has some off, says the Queen, at the Gvmnase Theatre, is Paris. The heroine was played by tfme. Pasca with eminent talent before a brilliant audience, many of the ladies wearing unusnally pretty toilettes. The fair occupants of the front row of boxes appeared without bonnets, which is an innovation, as, up to this season, at first representations at the Opera Comique and the Franoais only have bonnets been ignored. This uncertainty of whether bonnets will be worn or not is .giving rise to a., very becoming fsshion of wearing lace mantilles at pnblic plaoes of amusement, and thus utilising squares of laoe, wide flounces, and. shawls for the pur pose. A wreatb of either flowers or leaves is wont round the head, and to this the graceful mantille is appended. The ends can be ar ranged in front or at the baok, according aa bonnets or no bonnets may be the order oT the evening. Both black, blonde, and white lace ate now made into mantilles.-Correspondent of the Telegraph. LAST week (sayB the Kudgu Independent) a wager was made that Private Drink water, ef No. 8 Company, Mudgee, oonld not score 12 bulls-eyes out of 16 shots, at 200 yards, at a "ten-Inoh square" bulls-eye. When the matter was decided he made 19 consecutive bulls-eyes, thus sooring 79 ont of a possible 80, which has been very rarely, if ever, sur passed in the world I There can be no doubt about the correctness of the score, as it was made in the presence of two respectable townsmen. On the same day Sir. MTntosh who, like Mr. Drinkwatur, is a warder in the gaol, succeeded in hitting 25 pennies thrown into the air, he using a fowling pieco, a feat which very few world-famed shots could sur pass. A QUABTIR-AOBK allotment at Bondaberg, on which were twe buildings worth £00, was sold for £3(5, or £U40per acre. THE wheat crops in the Young (N.8.W.) district are the largest for years, and yield an average of over twenty bushels an acre. AT wangaratta, Victoria, there was a wine oeller with a leaky wine oask in it. A snake was found close to the oask quite intoxioated. TUB Bockhamptm Bulletin states that one of the engines of the steamer Blue Bell has been reoovered, and the other was being got out. IT is stated that at an entertainment in Sydney, Dr. Silvester, a mesmerist, made an entranced lady to float through the air. 