Chapizb XXXIL dxlicaxz CEinasM. . A characteristic group, constating ol Mveal important members of Society, was assembled round the tea-board of the hos pitable Charlotte Caddie, spinster. Kin Caddie's papa had been a merchant in tea-boards, trinket-cheats, card- trays, ■mens, and the other things supposed to be imported from that interesting land Japan, ferioaive of the fascinating-featured dolle; aad the merchant bequeathed the wealth, rallied after some yearsat it, to his daughter, a somewhat gannt personage of sharp features aad keen little eyes that bespoke business tact. The giant bat grateful Lottie's residence •as her own property; that residence was vary comfortably famished; there was a large chest fall of linen, not yet marked, and a basket fall of silver, not yet engraved, at least it was fainted so, indirectly, now and then. Miss Caddie made herself very agreeable. All the sweets of everywhere seemed massed in that bony frame. Miss Caddie was in tensely sensible, would talk of science or nbflosspby, of religion, needlework, or cook ing, sad was altogether an eminently prac tical person, a small eater, a sweet vocaliet, pad an attar stranger to the headache. Seated next to Miss Caddie was her bosom fcfcad, Kitty TicUewicb, spinster. Mies Ticklewicfa, some years older than kar friend, presented a more playful surface to Society, mid assumed a Juvenile and art 1ms wineotneneM, seeking to woo prepoaeee toa by the gnflstess vivacity of her manner. Kan Tkklewich appealed in black or dark green dk, in consequence of having sand eoloared hair. The papa of Mia Kitty Tfaklewieb was a saddle-maker, a gentleman ef toe jocular school, with slightly horsey tides rim. He used to ten hie friends he tee* he ins not a gentleman, bat he felt very contented se he was; a sentiment so aptly srprfring, his character and prim spat it cannot be improved upon. It was known toe saddle-maker eras very well off, and that Mistral Kitty provided for; hat somehow the young lady bed so caught (toe hoe and flavour of the useful commodity in which the aaddler principally dealt, that toe was still Miss Ticklewich, and promised e» to remain. And there was great sympathy between these boeom friends. Upon toe other side of Ktas Caddie wu ■nether bosom friend, end the bosom friend ef toem two. This was Merino Bobbin, Miss Bobbin, albeit some decades in advance of the other two so fax as age was eoacemed, pleaded sn fgnottaoe of the ways ef the world the others did not pretend to. Bach progressive year saw Mim Bobbin mom ■epq awsooadoaa and more eager to be height; there was a confiding dependence wpon stronger ones, a plaintive loaning .towards toe robust and valiant. "Oh, that I had some one to protect me f was her .eonstent thought, and at times, in spite of afl her efforts to conoeal it, it was forced by tear emotion into half-timid utterance, iPltotogh what shs wished to be protected frees sever became plainly apparent, Mim ;MMa* pern bad taenVlSSm5»r,Ind oto toto gnrile trade be had oontrived to MM S fortune, a large fortune as competi eKeadteaes vent, a cfaeeperman having had . j i—. opted half a oentory tor Foarpenny id fpr en tqwtsrt to ticket the game so tooeked toe head of the lira never rallied, bat passed quietly from toe counter end the world at the earliest opportunity: toe British tradesman bring eoestitated by nature to beer mo micfa end •omen, Mr. Bobbin was eerit made ran; for, m be Siii, be wide tbe basmsse aod ! tbe busineee made bin ; end after this self1 ; made men b&d; become a ghost ell toe dis- j coloured mourning upon tbe premmes was- ; in accordance with hit diree&on;*—unearthed to do trim honour; while, also tn accordance, tbe beet curtains were eent to tbe deaners, and pot beck into stock, the money being of more service to Merino, whose uuso. pfeisticeted, ingenuous nature woda be so easily imposed upon. . _ , My Bobbin's mamma set beside her; fry Bobbin seldom went out to te* on aeoompenied by her mamma. for ouenever knew who might cell, end her deer girl was . to unprotected Mrs. Bobbin was a lady of ^ ample dimensions: when tbe sjint of wit i wm noon Mr. Bobbin be bad been wont to . cell her " don We-width."7 Nobody knew j whet he meant- Nobody ewer did know i what be meant in thoee witty sew one; but Mr. Bobbin did not nop for this. He cracked ha jokes and eirojed them and there wea an end of it Mrt. Bobbin dressed in cherry satin—in feet, was nnapeakably dressy : Misi Bobbin cultivated a more simple style of costume, something a la Wa&ta;*. and a combination of tbe shepherdess and mer maid ecu With Mrs. and Miss Bobbin had come then friend Mrs. Larch, of Lurch's Tonic die Brewery, a rather severe person, disposed to be critical, and sensitive upon parochial matters. Mrs. Larch kept her brougham, tod th.i« gives one the right to be a little stringent; they had ell three come in the brougham, while the rest of Miss Caddie e guests had to face Brighton's dusty streets. But Mrs. Larch's weak point was aa« doubtedly her cap; this was brought sacreoly secured in a box, by messenger earher in the afternoon, addressed "Mn. Lurch, kind ca^e of Moa Caddit; Pfeose don't sAabe, GJfu"i triiA Ccr*; K&p; dryt This up- Bir*. Lurch'b cap wm &o; institution! Bat one milliner in Europe oould construct it—a Court milliner Mrs. Lurch described; but this had effect only in so far that the artiste dwelt in a quiet court, not a stone's throw from St Paul's Churchyard. However, by whomso ever and wherever, it was daringly success ful, was piquant, was coquettish, yet with all was matronly and becoming. i , ,, Next to Mrs. Lurch was seated Mrs. Ebentzer Wriggle, wife of the ¥{e»t Fish Sauce man, Pickle Merchant, and Ketchup Manufacturer, to the Boyal Family. Mrs. Wriggle was a little lady, rather sour-looking, and given to sharp sayings, incisive tod not complimentary; and, inasmnch as Mr. Wriggle was an extremely disagreeable man, it could not but happen that his lady should display a slight acerbity, always being amongst ^MrsJ^Jwiah Bnbb, the lady to her toft, was tiie wife of a silk mercer—a very different thing, Mrs. Bubb was careful to point out, from your mere ordinary draper. The shop was w establishment, toe assistants, young gentlemen—not young men; it wm & Sito day-closing establishment, it accommodated ladies with unlimited credit, it procured articles not in stock through their agent in toe City, it possessed show-rooms replete with every Parisian novelty, it was eminently audacious at excessive charges; and Mis. Bubb carried ber bead very high, aud thought very low of the Bobbins' common, ready money customers. .... Now these ladies had assembled in par liament for the one serious question of debating Westley Garland, that famous cleric having quite recently been the subject of wide criticism. First, be had the credit of saving Lady Gnilmere's life; at all events at a consultation-final at which her ladyships life bad been despaired of, this minister had stepped in, had desired to see her ladyship bad p—ad some time by her bedside,, and had gone down stairs giving a few simple directions, and then had toft as gravely and quietly m he bed entered; but her l&dyship; revived, and was in a fair way of recovery. Next the seraph-like young curate, had vanished, and in bis place an accomplished reader and preacher was engaged by tote dis criminating minister. This was the Rev. Robert Evelyn, of Torquay, and the approval of the congregation confirmed the wisdom of the choice. And lastly, the Rev. Mr. Garland had published a new book, and, like every work bom his pen, it had been caught up with avidity, notwithstanding that it was a work of but very few pages, and.thua expensive, "I call It taking advantage, you know," cried m»— Ticklewich, wiping her greasy fingers n*1—*" upon Miss Caddie's beet table-doth, "charging seven-and- six for a book of not 50 pages.; tme. I suppose the binding to be perfection, like all Mr. Gar land's binding", bat it does seem to be too much!" "Perhaps it is for a charity, my lover timidly proposed Miss Bobbin, shrinking petal within petal after the suggestion.. " And perhaps it isn't, or else why should be publish with the announcement, 'To be had only of the aathor' ?' "One of bis eccentric ideas; I suppose you know he is full of eccentricity?" "Well, my dear: we most certainly read toe book, for it will never do to say we have not read it when its discussion is in every body's month!" "I have read it!" said Mrs. Ebeneser Wriggle with. sepdcfarel effect, and the spinsters' hrafli craned while they asked in a breath,— " Ye« 1 And what is it r "Foolery, my dears, downright foolery!" And satisfied with this caustic renew of a new work beyond ber sphere altogether, the vindictive pickle-lady became sflent. . The spinsters looked at one another and took a nibble at the tea- cake, then toe lady of toe brougham spoke loftily before toe respectful silence erf her compeers. "L too, have read this work, but awaited dear Mre, Wriggle's opinion before I voiuo. teered my own; and I can quite understand oar friend, wortoiwing aa sire doreat so dfWfTfnt a church, forming a harsh opinion of this publication, which aeems to .have cyTmwi go much jsuseHon And I make all allowance Sot bar warmth of fading, not withstanding that Mr. Larch, being an office-bearer in toe churoh, has taken one dozen copies—" "Fonr pounds ten I* murmured Mire Caddie under her breath. "It is ao charming to be fn a position to lend T lisped Mia Ticktowich. "And having made that allowance," con tinued Mrs. Lurch proudly, " and having •iven tbe composition my close and vnaec tartan attention, indeed I may say having devoted an hour to it tost perhaps should have been bestowed upon one Dorcas or mothers' meeting. I think carefully mid kindly and hom^y epreSog, with due admbaticB of Mr. Garlands undoubted talent 71 "Pare toe muffinF7 Thus toe lady in cherry satin, at whom tbe speaker looked; witoaapibilatipc effect, eon eluding her pre-; untie,— "Instate, I say, of the writer's acknow ledged ability and that hold upon public attention he is well known to possess, I think it behoves me in this instance to admit the troth and to affirm in all candour that the book strikes me as be me artificial, effected, ficrrid, tricky, sod u presenting a distorted Tie* of history. I was shocked by t vein of cynic*® which I coosder un becoming when written by a member of s Christian church,'— . "Hear! hear !" From Mrs. Wriggle, rapping with the of her knife upon the bay. "—And I thtnlr the introduction of actresses and people of that dan should be particularly avoided by the conscieatioua minister of religion, who must know there is the possibility of it going into famfliee where the young and impressionable are but too ready to yield to neb pernicious influence." Here 3Gsb Bobbin, who was forty if a day, corned her features with her pocket handkerchief. "A little more sugar in your tear said an— Caddie, endearingly. "Thank you, Iw^" replied Mrs. Lurch, for it was Lottie's invariable custom to com mence with the smallest lump to be found. "Did I understand you, dear Mrs. Lurch, this bode is historical V inquired Mrs. Bubb, who, as she was going out to tea on the fol lowing evening, wished to acquire some little knowledge of the theme. " Partially so, ma'am; Mr. Lurch tolls me, and be had it from the Rev. Mr. Webb, that the carcuinstances, although never before published, are historically correct" " Is it written in the style of the late Mr. James, ma'am 1 We have the whole of his works." " Not in the least, Mrs. Bubb!" " Of Mr. Ainsworth, perhaps f _ "No, ma'am, in a style peculiar to Mr. Garland alone, and a style that is too poetic for my commonplace understanding, _ But my husband altogether controverts my judg ment by saying the book is the most beau tiful composition he has ever read." "I should not call Mr. Lurch a competent critic!" volunteered Mrs. Wriggle snap pishly. " And pray, ma'am, why not 1 But perhaps yon would place Mr. Wriggle first as a literary authority ?" " Well, I think neither on em shine at that sort of thing. But Ebenezer, ma'am, has been deacon of the Congregational for 20 years, and under five ministers, three on 'em young men fresh from college, but clever preachers and composers; the other two, gentlemen of experience from larger parishes t*»>n ours, la that time, Ebenezer, ma'am, lms acquired considerable insight into genius, and extensive acquaintance with ability, and he says there ain't neither one nor fother in this conception of your puffed up preacher! For my part Fve no patience with the man, a-going poking about even into houses where our Bit. Jones has lent books and is doing a little good." "Well, as for that," put in Miss Tickle wicb, who also attended at the tabernacle presided over by the Rev. Jacob Jones, " he goes into the bouses where the Ritualists seem to have absolute control; it doesn't much matter what or where, he is always welcomed!" "Oh, dear me!" hissed Mrs. Wriggle, while Miss Merino covered her features again, " a little sweetness, I fancy; so you are joining the band of foolish virgins I Take care, my child, take care! Set not your heart upon this Adonis of the ways of BeliaL Bah!" "Our Kitty's fancy is but temporarily alienated," remarked Miss Caddie. " When we get Christopher Cricket settled at the High Road Church, we shall see what we shall see!" and the speaker playfully fidgeted the angle of a lump of sugar with the tongs, wickedly piercing the blushing Kitty with her keen little eyes. The remark was in allusion to the selection of Dr. Christopher Cricket for the pulpit of the church named, which had fallen upon hard times, having been many months with out an appointed minister. The people were hard to please, and the deacons made a point of always disagreeing one with another; hence, although men of every shade of thought and degree of excellence had been invited to occupy the pulpit for a day, upon the beautiful system of trial preaching, they had not before this unanimously decided upon a divine. Their choice had now fallen npon a somewhat elderly, yet withal gifted man, who for the advantages to be derived from residence upon this coast, consented to accept the long-vacated pal pit, and in his heart of hearts designed doing the utmost possible good consistent with the principles of dissent This gentleman, it may be further remarked, ires unmarried, was moneyed, and was posseeied of excsMjtagly pleasant manners; true, be was plain of feature and not striking as a preacher, but then these were minor items. It was known he thought deeply, and it was believed his heart was good. Thus, what with tits doctor to corns, and the clever curate who had come, the ladies of the combined denominations were at no loss for tea-table gossip. 