Lecture: Apostolic Succession. The Rev. Mr. Corvan has lectured twice upon this subject. once at Mooonta and once . at Kadina. The following is the text of the Rev. gentleman's remarks : This lecture consists of fiTe parts :—1st, The correction of errors; 2nd, The answering of objections : 3rd. The Scripture evidence ; 4th, The quotations from the Fathers ; and 5th the Closing Remarks. I.—THE CORRECTION OF ERRORS. 1st Error—Churchmen hold that those who are guilty of the sins of schism are legally separated from the provisions of Christ's cross Answer—We do not say that baptised Christians, who are guilty of the sin of schism, are separated from Christ's cross, but that those who are wilfully and knowingly guilty of the sin of schism are separated from t|ie provisions of Christ's cross. 2nd —Churchmen hold that schismatics would be free from sin if only they had at^^piscopal organization. Answer—This is^uite a mistake. The Donatists had a complete episcopal organization and the apostolical succession. And yet the ancient fathers always condemned them as guilty of great wickedness for setting up another chusfh in opposition to the Church of Northern Africa. 3rd Error—It is implied that the Roman churches and the Greek churches and the English churches mutually deny each other the true succession. Answer—Such is not the case ; whatever may be the case with more ignorant members of those communions their learned men admit each other to be in the succession. Only Roman Catholic writers, like the iate Cardinal Wiseman, say that the others need the Temporal Mission of the Pope to complete it. English Churchmen carefully abstain from proselytizing to their own communion in those countries in which they believe others are the ancient churches, only inciting those others to reform whatever error has crept in in the course of ages, so as to return to the likeness of the primitive church. 4th Error—Only the Church of Rome, the English Church, and the Greek Church claim this succession. Answer—In this list there ought also to appear the Scandinavians, the Moravians, and all the other Eastern Churches. Error—Apostolical succession and an ipfflrto SJtolical spirit in Churchmen's opinions always go together as one. We do not necessarily admit the apostolical spirit of all whose succession we allow. Those in the apostolical succession who seek it worthily recede the grace of an apostolical spirit, others not. It is supposed that, if there lias been one single failure in the laying on of hands, it invalidates the whole duty of clinging to Episcopacy. Answer.—Rut there in no reason in this. If it is Christ's appointment that there should be three orders in | His Church, that it should be ruled by j Bishops succeeding one another, and that their way of appointment should be by the laying on of hands, certainly then the fact t of other persons falling in this dutv of the laying on of hands in one instance would not exempt us from fulfilling all the rest of the appointment of Christ. Rather we would trust to Him to supply whatever might be wanting out of His fulness. II. AXSWF.TIS TO OBJECTIONS. Objection 1—Miracles are appealed t.i bv St. Paul " as the signs of an apostle." Answer — St. Paul is arguing that in nothing he came behind those who were exceptively apostles. And therefore he appeals to miracles, to prove his aposf leship. Undoubtedly in his day they were the signs of apostleship. They were also the signs of Christianity; They were the signs of everv beginning of every new tiling from God. The first blade of grass was miraculous. The first man was miraculous. The beginning of the Jewish priesthood was miraculous. T?j£ beginning Christianity was miraculouC The beginning of the Christian ministry was miraculous. It was God's plan. The beginning of every new state of things was miraculous, and then the miracles parsed away. If Christianity is not false, because the miracles which were its signs at first have passed away, why is the Christian ministry ^without warrant, because those miracles, which once established it. have passed away 1 On the contrary, they will be a pledge, not only of its truth, but of its vast importance until the end of time. And we know from Scripture that it is to last until the very completion of the Church ^f God. " He gave some apostles, for the ^ifying of the Body of Christ, till we all j come unto a perfect man, unto the measure of the stature of the. fulness of Christ." Ephesians iv, 13. Answer to first OhjenHon.—It is perfectly true that there is a sense in which the twelre only were Apostles indeed." As General Washington bad no successor as the father, the founder, the emancipator of his country, but had successors as presidents of the United States, so the twelve Aiostles. as witnesses to the Resurrection, as founders of the Church, as inspired by the Ij^fssed Spirit to give to the world the teaching of Christ, and the other supernatural teaching of the New Testament, had no successors. It was for these things miracles were mainly needed. And feeling this, after a while the Bishops took the name of Bishops, instead of apostles, which they were at first, called, as in a certain sense inferior. Rut, we con tend that, as rulers and ordainers in Christ's Church, they always have had successors. And therefore this title " successors of the apostles" was never given up in the Church. Cvprian Firmilian, the Bishops of the Council of Carthape, all call them this. • St. Jerome says " wherever a bishop is, at Rome, or at Eugubium, th< y are all successors of the apostles." St. Austin says Bishops arc sons of the apostles, and princes and fathers in all lands." Hence every see in primitive days was called " an apostolic see." Objection 2nd—It was not proved in a discussion at Rome that St. Peter ever was there. Answer—There was a discussion at Rome •between some Metlindist Ministers and some ^FViarB, neither of whom, I believe, had the ainallcjWreputation for learning in ecclesiastical hlffifiry. The result was that both parties retained their own opinions. For myself the statement of Eusebius. that St. Peter was at Rome, is quite sufficient. The •{^Pinion that he was there twenty five years, aTn-ays doubtful, is now. I believe, generally known to have arisen from the misplacing of some words in some copies of Lactantius. If it could be proved that St. Peter never was at Rome, it would make very little difference in the question of Apostolic Successson. except so far as it might shake the credit of some historians, who have always been considered of the very highest authority. Objection 3rd—It is of no use. Those who hold it, are divided and hold errors. Answer 1st—We are not to reject the appointments of Christ, even if we cannot Bee any use in them. 2nd—Our seeing no rise in it, is no proof whatever that there is no use in it. 3rd—The division of Christian nations (which is wrong) is nothing like the division of every village and household which has followed from the denial of Apostolic Succession. 4th—Those bodies which have continued to hold to If'Apostocal Succession have none of that fatal tendency to Infidelity, which has been shewn by almost all merely Protestant -flkdies which have lasted any time, or are possessed of any learning. 5th—The people of the bodies which hold this doctrine can know that they have ministers of Christ presiding over th m. In other cases they must depend on their ministers' allegations of an inward call, which they can know nothing about, and of the reality of which they have no proof ; or else they must depend oil their own choice, which may have made a man their minister, but certainly never made him the minister of Christ. 6th—Contrast the few great national Churches into which those who held their opinions slowly and reluctantly paited, with the multitude of fragments into which those who reject it have been divided in a very few years. Has the doctrine been of no use in maintaining unity? 7th—The Church of Rome has erred in some things ; therefore, what '! Therefore, their maintaining the properly constituted Government of the Church is worth nothing. Would it be maintained that, because our English Government made a mistake there was no use in its being a properly constituted Government? On the contrary all temporal Governments make mistakes, and yet we are bound to obey them in temporal things because they have God's authoritv. Shall we not then recognise and allow Christ's own appointed Government in a Church, even though that Church has fallen into errors in some things ? Besides, the English Church does not look upon the errors of the Church of Rome, even while she protests against them, with the eyes with which those sects look upon them which have fallen, ir our opinion, into the opposite error themselves. The English Church and the Greek Church hold almost the same doctrines, and there is every prospect of communion between them being soon restored. Objection A.th—No wicked man can continue to be a minister. Answer—Judas was chosen to be one of the twelve. Long before our Lord suffered, He called him a devil. Did our Lord then appoint another to his .office, which, according to this theory, was vacant through his wickedness ? No, he was left as one of the twelve, till his death. Was his office then left unfilled ? No, as soon as possible, another was appointed in his place. Is not the only reasonable account, of tiie matter this, that wicked and unfaithful as he was, he was a real apostle till he was removed from his officii by death ; and is not this the law of the kingdom, that the good and the bad are to grow together until harvest, and then out of the kingdom shall be taken all that offend and work iniquity ? Objection :1th—liut men are made ministers by inward feelings. That is an Apostolical ordination. Answer 1st—That is not an Apostoli'jal ordination. The Apostlas heard words plainly spoken to their outwards ears. " As my father sent me. so send ™ I you." Go, make disciples." ''Feed my sheep," or, as when He breathed on them and said '- Receive ye the Holy Ghost," and gave them power of absolution. 2nd — No one can know of this ordina- tion but God and a man's own self. Therefore it can be nothing to others, for thev can't know it. 3rd—The world has enough hypocrisy in it to make it a perfect ceitainty that, if this theory were received, it would open the gates of the ministry to a perfect flood of wicked men, who would all claim to have experienced those emotions, whatever they might be. which might be considered apostolic ordination. 4th It does not follow because a man. with excitable feelings, has felt emotions and which he considers an apostolical call and appointment, that, ihc-y are anything of the kind. f>th— Scripture does not tell us that such emotions are an apostolical ordination, nor does antiquity either. 7th—God surely would never have given such a secret apostolical ordination to the minister sent, and no token whatever to the people, who were to receive him. III. —SCRIPTURE EVIDENCE. Eighteen hundred years ago. while the world-was going on its busy way, thinking nothing of the matter, there was given to a little band in Judea a commission, which has changed tke face of the earth. It was that of our risen Lord to His eleven disciples. •• Go ye. and make disciples of all nations bj T baptizing them into the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost ; teaching them to observe all things, whatsoever I have commanded you. And Io, I am with you always, even to the end of the world." Here is the charter of the Church. The stone cut out without hands was to become a great mountain, and fill the earth. The Master's Kingdom was to take possession of everv land. He was not only to be the glorv of His people Israel, but also a light to lighten the Gentiles. His ministers were to inherit and instruct the nations, liut what is His Church ? Who are His Ministers ? How did He constitute them ? Are those who retain episcopacy, or those who reject it fulfilling His will, and in possession ol' His own appointed ministry ? These questions affect the spiritual interest of multitudes. They must be of importance. Let us see what Scripture says of them. But first let me state what wc maintain. We maintain that obeying the commands of our Lord, His apostles, through the influence of the Spirit, set up a church with a ministry of three orders, which has been continued by their successors until now. The three orders were first the Apostles, or angels, in the new age called Bishops; 2nd the Presbyters or elders, called also in the first age Bishops, and 3rd the Deacons. We maintain that there is no record in Scripture of a case of ordination, except by the Apostles, or those, such as Timothy or Titus, on whom they had conferred apostolic authority; as Tertullian calls them, "Apostolic men. 1 ' We maintain that in Scripture there is no case of ordination by presbyters, laymen, or inward feelings, or anyone or any_ thing else except apostles and apostolic men We find it to be a plain fact of history that this rule was never broken through for 1,500 years until, at the Reformation, some Christians separated themselv.es, and not finding Bishops to join with them, ordained by the hands of mere presbyters. Since then others have gone on to ordain by the hands of mere laymen, or to claim ordination by inward feelings, or to declare ordination to be a complete nullity. We. however, differing entirely from these new doctrines, require those of who serve at our altar that they should be ordained by some Bishop, who has received Christ's commission and authority to ordain through those Bishops who went, before him in unbroken succession since the Apostles. The Preface to our Ordinal declares " No man shall be accounted or taken to be a lawful Bishop, Priest, or Deacon in this Church, except he hath had Episcopal Consecration or Ordination." This is the doctrine of the Apostolic Succession. I would appeal then on this matter to the testimony of Scripture and history, and first to Scripture. Our first argument, then, is, from ttie analogy of the Jewish Church. The Patriarchal Dispensation expanded into the Jewish, the Jewish into the christian. Each latter dispensation was only a development of a glorious proceeding one; each former dispensation was only a preparation for a grander one to succeed it. Everything in the Jewish Church has its counterpart in the Christian Church. The Jewish sacrifices are in their different, aspects succeeded by the Lord's Supper, both setting forth the one sacrifice of tbe Lord - Circumcision gave way to Laptism. The Christian Church is only the grander continuation of the Jewish Church. Now let us look at the analogy in the two ministries-the Jewish ministry and the Christian ministry. In the Jewish Church God appointed three orders—the High Priest, the ordinary priests, the Levites. The priest's lips kept knowledge ; the people were to wait for the law at his mouth. These three orders only were allowed to join in the ministration of the sanctuary. Would we not th en expect to find something - like this in the Ch ristian Church, when it succeeded i the Jewish ? As both scripture and history | set it forth to us, we find everywhere the threefold ministry, bishops, priests, and deacons. We know, too, how jealously God guarded his priesthood in the Jewish Church against those who were not duly descended from Aaron. Korah, who was but a Levite, made himself a priest. Fire from God burnt up those who offered incense with him. the earth swallowed those who favored them, the pestilence smote those who murmured at these punishments. Uzziah, a pious layman, went into the temple to burn incense. He came out smitten by God, a leper as white as snow. St. Jude tells us that the gainsaying of love has been repeated in the Christian Church. Who then were guilty of it ? Those who separated thems'lves, and spoke evil of dignities. " No man," says St. Paul, in the Eoistle to the Hebrews, " taket'.i to himself the office of a priest, but he that is called of God, as was Aaron." Did God then guard his priesihood by such fearful judgments in the Jewish Church that, when the Christian Church succeeded it, there might be no priesthood at all ? Did authority then come to chosen men by special descent 1 and was this to lead the way to no similar descent of authority in the Christian ministry? Did God send no heralds to tell rebel man his will, but let them choose whomsoever they would to be His messengers? Was there order in the inferior dispensation t J teach us that there ought to be anarchy in the nobler dispensation ? But the Jewish priests were types of Christ: so are the Christian ministers. Does Scripture say that Christ was the High Priest, of our profession Doe- it not also say that He is the Apostle of our profession I Were the Jewish priests types of Christ ? Have we not also an altar ? (Heb. xiii 10). Is He not the Shepherd and Bishop of our souls? (1 Peter ii 25). The threefold order of the Jewish ministry leads us then to expect a duly appointed threefold order in the Christian ministry. Our second argument from Scripture is, that, when we read the Acts and Epistles, we find three orders in the early Church. I must first, however, explain to you the change which took place in meaning of the title bishop, which has been a source of perplexity to many. The ancient historian. Theodor -t, and oth-r writers of the ancient Church tell us that " Tbe s :me persons were anciently called promiscuously both Bishops and Presbyters, while those who are now called Bishops, were called Apostles. But those who succeeded them, out of reverence for the first apostles, the more excellent apostles, the apostles indeed, dropped the name ' apostle,' and took the name of bishop, which at first belonged to the second order of the ministry. (I may remind you here that of course we do not scribe to bishops all the offices and powers of the twelve apostles. Their position as founders of the Church, as witnesses of the Lord's resurrection, as transmitters to the Church of th-i teaching of the Lord bv the special inspiration of the Spirit , no one could succeed to : we only contend lor their being successors of the Apostles as rulers of the Church.) The two tilings, then, which we look for in the Acts and Epistles, are three orders in tbe Church, and others succeeding in the apostles' place as rulers over the Church. And we find th in. In the Acts we find every where the three orders—apostles, elders, deacons. The first chapter contains the election of Matthias as apostle. The fourteenth chapter tells us that the apostles ordained them elders in every church. The sixth chapter describes the choosing of seven men full of faith and the Holy Ghost, and how the apostles by laying on of hands upon them appointed them deacons. We find several times Apostles and Elders as distinct classes of ministers. These Elders were not laymen, for we find again apostles, elders, and brethren. Again, take the Epistle to the Phillipians, " Paul and Timothy, the servants of Jesus Christ, to all the saints in Christ Jesus, which are at Philippi.with the Bishops and Deacons." Here are the three orders—Paul and Timothy, apostles (Theodore!, tells us t at Timothy was an apostle) saluting the Bishops and ')eacons. In the next age it would have run thus—Paul and Timothy, Bishops, to all the laity at Philippi, with the elders, or presbyters, and de icons. But the chief point is the authority and office of a Bishop of that day. as we find them in Scripture. When an apostle writes to a Bishop, we see at once that he is writing to one set to rule in the Church. H e dwells on his duties to the ciders and others who are under him. When he sneaks to elders, (or, as they were called, Bishops,) he speaks to them merely as to pastors. We must remember, with regard to this change in the meaning of the word, that the meaning of the word bishop is '-overseer." In itself it is equally applicable to one who overseers a diocese, and to one who oversees a congregation. When St. Paul speaks to the elders, or, as they then were called, the Bishops of the Ephesian Church ("Acts xx) lie speaks to them as to those whose office was the pastoral care of souls. They were to remember his warnings. " to take heed to themselves, to take heed to the flock over which the Holy Ghost had made them overseers, or bishops," " to feed the Chinch of God,'' to watch against grievous wolves and men who should arise among themselves, speaking perverse things." Not a word was said to them about exercising discipline over one another, not. a word about any power they had to ordain to their office, or to depose from it. An English Bishop of to-day might give his clergy just such a charge, warning them to be faithful in their duties. But, at a later time, St. Paul wrote to Timothy in the same Ephesian Church. Now see the difference—St. Paul tells Timothy, '"Let no man despise thy youth." He was therefore probably one of the youngest clergy in Ephesus. And yet every line of St. Paul's letter shows that Timothy had the authority of a bishop over the Ephesian Church and clergy. Everything is addressed to him personally, in the singular number " This charge I commit unto thee., son Timothy;" " These things write I unto thee that thou mightest know how to behave tln/- self in the house of God;" " If thou, put the brethren in remembrance of these things." I See the rules for his exercising discipline over the clergy—" That thou mightest charge i some, that they teach no different doctrine ;" ! " Against an elder receive not an accusation, but before two or th'ec witnesses ;" Them (that is tlii elders thus accused) that sin, rebuke before all. that others also may fear ;" •' I charge thee, that thou observe these things (these rules for the regulation and discipline of the clergy) without'preferring one before another, doing nothing by partiality." .See again the rules given him about ordination. He is told what qualifications he is to look for in bishops (or. as we call them, presbyters) in deacons, in those to be appointed to every office in the CVirch : and lastly he i? warned " to lay hands suddenly on no" man." And again, •' The things which thon hast heard of me, the same commit thou to faithful men who shall be able to teach others also." Now, who was to entrust faithful men with these things that they might teach others ? Was it their own emotions ? Was it the voice of the Ephesian laity ? Was it even the body of the Ephesian presbyters ? No; but one whom the whole voice of ancient history declares to have had apostolic authority to rule the Ephrsian Church, to have been what we would now call the 1 Bishop of Ephesus. Now, if all presbyters were equal, and Timothy was only a young presbyter, would St. Paul have told him to be receiving accusations against his brother presbyiers. and to be rebuking them before ail? Would they have stood it if he had ? If I every minister had such powers why are they ! notaliudedto in the address at Miletus 7 j Would it have been any way possible that every minister separately could have had such power, and the church bold together at all ? Why should a young clergyman lord it over his elders in any such fashion ? There is only one way out of the difficulty : to believe what all antiquity tells us, that Timothy was the first apostle, or, as we should call it, the first Bishop of Ephesus. An old bishop in our day might write to a younger bishop just such a letter of advice about his duties as St Paul wrote to Timothy. But there is another instance: St. Paul's letter to Titus. Eusebius, and almost ail other ancient writers, tell us that Titus was set over the churches of Crete. To him St. Paul writes : " For this cause left I thee in Crete, that thou shouldest set 111 order the things that are wanting, and that thou shouldest ordain elders in every city." Now observe—St. Paul's direct object in leaving his companion behind him was to discharge what we now should call the duties of a bishop. He was to rule the church, and to ordain. If ordination was from a man's own feelings, or from presbyters, or from laymen, why was he left ? It was not, the letter says, to teach others, to oroain, but to ordain himself. And if laymen or presbyters were to rule in the church, what right could one individual have to set tilings in order ? Tiie same advice as to what he should look for in the persons whom he ordained was given to him as to Timothy. We find ordination, admonition, and rejection all put into Titus's own hands. If this is not Episcopacy what is ? [TO RE CONCLUDED IN OUR NEXT.] SAYS our Wallaroo Co'respondent, a gentleman from the Survey Department is on the Peninsula seeking suitable sities for tanks and dams. In company with the Mayor of Wallaroo and Mr. Or. Phillip's the gentlemen visited the several sites already selected by the Council, and highly approved of them. He also visited the Great Britain Mine, and sampled the water i 1 the shaft, and we believe we are correct in saying that it was pronounced barely drinkable. 