BRUNA'SiiILVJ^£%* I ? ??? 'PEABL* BTC.v -.';„§ , * ichoo8etoTemain»BlMB. ' - - . * 'This is the most stupid obstinacy.' he exclaiineo fiwcely; Hiding, in a tone he tried to soften. ?Thick what ft painful complication would {be brought sbout by your illness.* ' I shall not be ill,' ebe Answered, ecormuHy. ' People as miserable as I am, to whom life is as hateful as it is to me to-day, don't take cold.' ' Must I insist on your obedience ?' ' If. you do you will make a. great mistake,' was her hiugbty snswer. ' This ia tie carriage inten ded for up, I suppose f I vill get into it at once. They cut put the horses in afterwards.' ; fiaging inwardly at being worsted in this first ] conflict of wills, and really alarmed for the consist quencasof herfolly, Mr. Matcolm could, howerer- ; tnen and there, do nothing but hand Brona into : tne carriage, 'where she haetened to hide herself from the curiosity and commiss nation of the land Udy,;having refased all offers of refreshment as ob ' stinately as ebe had r»fuS6d to change her dress. ' If auici«Je iB your object,' Mr. Malcolm remarked * you might have set about it in some more simple and direct m&nner;, ana without making me your . accomplice.' . . * It might then have lost ill its charm,' she sneered. She did' not refuse to muffle herself in pome wtrm shawls end wrappers he handed to her. (her own property ); but as she did so, she reite rated her desire that net a minute should be lost. 'iT-ou must allow me five minutes to attrnd to ? my own eoudiHoa,' he esid. * Suicide ia the shape of rheumatic fevar is not to my taste, if it is to yours' In less than five minutes he had changed ui3 eo&ked; coat for a warm and dry one, had totsed off \- a tumbler of some hot mixture, and, well swathed in bulky rags, was seated beside the driver. ' About the horses f ' questioned Brunt, putting her he»d from the window. ' They will he well cared for to-night, and taken \- to Beech-holmes in the morning. I sent no message with them— they will tell their own story.' 'Indeed they will,' groaned Bruna, as she crouched back in a corner. ' Their own story will not be a true story, however,' she added to herself, -with the ghost of a smile. Stopping, of course, to change horses, ibey posted on all night— a night of physical and mental missry to Srana, which she igoomntly thought could ? hardly be surpassed. Alone in the night and the dark ness and un ler the depressing influence of cold, fatigue, and exhaustion, she was, at times, sore afraid— afraid lest her victim should prove her de stroyer; afrtid lest her strength to carry through what she had undertaken, to tha end, that should be for her triumphant, and for him most bitter, should fail her. In the grim dawn of a dszzltnf .'November morn ing, they stopped at the chief hotel in a large sea Mt town. When Mr. Malcolm helped Brnna from carriage, he was shocked at the change in ier. haps for the ft st time he realizad a little of what she had suffered and sacrificed, and something of the responsibility he had assumed. ' Mr poor gill, you look dreadfully ill,' he said .pityingly. ' Hive yeu been very celd'r' The familiarity of that address— (it was the first' time there had been in his manner tae faintest ap-, proacb to an sesunption of love-like tenderness) - roused Bruua, and made her rally her forces, as nothing else wont a nave done. sae took no notice of his question; she ignored all his awkward at tempts to cw for ber comfort. ' You need no: trouble yourself. I will give my. own orders,' »b,e siid, '.Very welt,' he answered, ' I will, in that case go down to the harbour at once, to inquire waat time our vessel is te sail.' He turned on his heal, and went away. Bruna, echoing ' our vessel,' smiled to herself, as she followed the landlady up the stairs. Ur. Malcolm did not comeback for a couple of hoars. In that time Brans had managed to make bereelf both look and feel less physical miserable, With the help of «? servant she hud uopucked her portmanteau, and completely changed her dress, ; before a good fire; her hair had been dried and neataly arranged, and she had taken some hot coffee. Leaving the girl to clean and fold her discarded garments, Bruua went to await Mr. Malcolm in the . flitting-room, where she had ordered that breakfast should be prepared for him.. Notwithstanding the chenge for the better in ber appearance, Mr. Malcolm still thought Bruna lock ing alarmingly ill when he joined her. Coming to her side as the eat by the fire, he began some ex pression of solicitude ; but she waved him from her, and pointing to the table, said : ' BreakfVt ia ready for you. You must want something. You had better eit down and eat and drink ; we cm talk afterwards,' ' For sitting down to eat and drink I have, just . now, no time and no inclination,' he answered. 'At least take some hot coffee,' she urged, with that woman's instinct of caring for the physical comfort eyeu of one on whom the meant to inflict , metaphysical torture, which many 8 man, st tome desperate crisis of passion, has unjustly ,re.Bectei5 as mockery, rcfiaea cruelty, from some woman he loved, and who would not love him. Mr. Malcolm was blunt enough of perception to 'feel-flattered by Bruna's urgency, ~t) take it as a «gn of relenting severity. ? If you will paur it out forme, I will drink it,' . he was foolish enough to answer. She rose and did as he asked, but he could not help seeing that the expression of her face, as she . did so, was one which would well have suited the occasion, had ic been a cup of poison, she prepared tor him. That expression drove him to say : ' Perhaps, even now, Mies D'Almeida, wh*t we hivedone iB not irrevocable. -Percy, being so guileless himself, is easy of belief. This night's adventure might be explained away. I would leave the needful If ing to you — it comes easier to women than to men.' ' Way do you say this ?' she asked. 'Because, judging by your fice, your re£ret6 are ? becoming intolerable.' 1 1 have no regrets,' answered Bruna. ' I mean I have no f«eliug that would mak ems wish undone the thiag 1 have done.' ' Tbat is indeed good hearing. He attempted to make his tone cheery and self .congratulatory, bnc meeting the look in Bruna'e eyesas he began to speak, lie did uot very well susceed in ddiner co. Still tciwbb flirt ho ht-.t.n.^-h,. aacseed, trying to epeak in a rnattar-oi-cours9, off hand sort of fashion, standing before the fire sip ping his coffee, as he said : ... ' i.have taken for granted that you would wish the marriage to be here, before we sail. I have arranged everything coneerningit, except theoxtct ?time. It was this kept me away so long, liow eoon. can you be ready P' _:_ , C^4=V .^y^j Bruna roused herself for battle.=^Tais was the .supreme moment, anticlpatsd sometimes 'with . deadly qualms of indefinite drejid. sometimes with .the keen exultation of anticipates triumph. '.Of what msrri ige—of whose m image are you , speaking P' sie asked inn tone of cold fcurprise. ? What folly or affectation dictates such a ques tion i' was his demand. ' : I. ? -J - Intending to set hecap the had been holdWon the table, be, in the blindness of sudden anger, let it fall withe- crash upon the floor. Smouldering suspicion had instantly, on her words, taken fire. .His face redded wmhfully, and the hot glow kindled in bis eyts as he added— r ? Of what marriage could I postibly be~lhinkine or sgeaking except of yours with me r' 'Your delusion has really gone that wbole wild .Iffcgtb, Mr. Malcolm? Brnna quep-ioned slowly. S&e; looked at that moment euperbly handsome ? i-xcitement teamed to have repaired the nights devastation oE her liesuty. ? Explain yourself fully. Miss D'Almeida. Do yon mean thit you do not inteod to tail from here 4o-day — with me, and as my wife ?' Sotae women w^uld h*ve been touched by tfce hoarseness with which the latt w.^ds weiespoken. If Brunawas.she cwnofign cf be:uS to. She a-asweiea, with the tame cold quiucess '1 propose to fail from here to-eay, Mr. Malcola, but cai.mijlj not with you, uor as jour v.iU ' When sh« tad £aid ibat, there follow^ k m;st d&ugeruui;, pause— s psoee that f hook te: inward compo lire ^o«) tran «ny wci-d' be could h ,ve u' tsred vroaid or.radi.no. ' i Tbf-n, evidently wif. a dfcs-^rate eff-n -0 i.-.;i! cvl-ji be ta'd. * ? - ' Yoti spaKe ji:Et now of delusion. Kiss n-Alme.rs | l.i8nriusiii.iEor -.oiir pr.n.if v-u thin '-. -car.- I aoffe-cip. set- P-r wb:.i-j.j jt,a 'afce A,. .],'.' \ y-u should ,r.nsi-r i ^n* t.jKf ,,. fui,D,.t to' -\,;; t banned h= yocr dope, jvvir tu'l. Mtl v.-i!l -.ot ,'u- £ £Ht either upo* r=f^-.je orxawsrd s' I ' F«. *' ft ;-' I tike you, J&. MalioJm I T,i fcoinrthing better thtn h hruts I For b rean, sad u nun not wjjolly without jgen^roffty of n»ture !' s ? Ttiie, then, is whait you wire contemplating. 'wSen^roS told -inejo.n;w«e pasting beyond jwllat I knew tidShet«(naj»Ba3rp£.my honour P# : finf 1 warned yon, Miss JJ^Almeida. I warael yojo ! Warned and t^wi-«yed/-yon'bBV» walked into a snare of your own tetting, and you must toke fhe conKguenroa V ' '? ?'= ? ' | 'lam prepared to take the consequences, though not each consequences au you would impose upon me,' was her cold, quiet answer. . % That cold quietness o.'J scorn at nnce stlmnutsd his rage, and conttolled the expresdon of it. S.lently trying to master himself, he peced to and tro. From the veiiy beginning of this contest lie had tn unrecognised convic tun that, door say what he might, he should come out of it worsted and van quished. What be said next, when he presently Moppef in frjnt of her, was, without hie intending H tobeso, olonoetaconfeeBionof this. ? ? * ' It is like ? woman's meanness to icafeea tool, % fool of a man, and then, when she is in hie power, to turn on hi n with, an appeal to his generosity— his honour 1' -, ? I do not consider myself to be m any way in your power, Mr. Malcolm.' 1 Would you eoad me to make you fesl yourself to be so f ' was bis question. To that she only nuBworel by turning her head aside, as if averting her face from something dis gustingly dietastetal, ? Mean as women are,' he went on, ' I think yon can haraly be so mean »s to have accepted from me the sacrifices 1 have made — of my friend, of my selfrespect— without proposing for me some tt ward.' ' Ton must st least have gained self knowledge, Mr. Malcolm, a thing held to be of inestimable value. As to what .reward you can fisva proposed to yourself, it has been difficcut for me to fee. Ton yourself told me you did not dare believe I iovad you, for what, tien, should I many you ? As for your ? love' for me, if yon have any, it hat been eijown, notonlyin a m&nner; that was an insult but that seemed intended to make me feel it to be tneb. For what manner of womane hare you taken me, imagining for a moment I ould contemplate being the wife of a man who has shown me neither affection, kindness, nor respect ?' ' If you have not ' contemplated, marryiBE me, you will, nevertheless have to do it 1' was his roughly spoken answer. He added, 'There is one thing I can offer which you will soonlearn to be glad to aceept, the prottction of my name.' ? Thank you,', wee her mocking answer ; ' but, indeed, I feel well able myself to protect anything that is left to me.' ' Mad, misguided girl 1* was bis exclamation. 'You are as ignorant as a baby of the msaniDg of the words you use/ To this sha deigned no answer— just leant her head back against the cushions of her chair with aa air of supreme wearineae, Wishirjg, at any rate to make her speak, he questioned — ' Supposing, for one moment, that I let you go, what is it you propose to do with yourself ?' ' There U no question of your letting me go. I am not in -your keeping but in my own. I am not without the means of proving that, if you stiould drive me to put it to the proof.' ?That ie.grandly melodramatic,' he sneered. He resumed his furious pacing of the room. She remained perfectly ttitl, gazing at the fire, looking as if Ehe felt and thought nothing — but weariness. About » quarter of an hour passed bo ; then, again, hapaueed in front of her. ?I have determined to give you an alternative, Miss D'Almeida.' 'That is very kind of you, Mr. Malcolm.' Spoken without any change of position orofez prefsioD. ' I will not aceept the responsibility of having helped you to your ruin. You hive deceived me, and you mutt now take the consequence of that deception. If you will not consent to marry me, I will take you back to Percy and Beech-holmes.' 