ECOI-IQES FROM THE METROPOLIS' Br. Smith, the delegaite fronm the British Wesleyan conference to the Methodists of Australia, is now in our midst. He is a l;reacher of no mean ability, possessing a wonderful rieptli of thought raud large argu. mentative skill: He is about to proceed through all the Australian colonies and will visit the principal towns. Wherever he goes a teameeting will be held to welcome him and another to bid him farewell, so there is a possibility of killing him with kindness. A minister must have very strong digestive powers if lie manages to survive forty or fifty teapneetings held to welcomnte hite wherever he may happen to go In the space of two or three months. The clergy and the theatre disscussion is exoiting more attention in the press than anything else, and is likely to leave both parties in exactly the saule position as when tho disseussion was flert started several weeks back. The only good that is likely to result from it is there aromany peoplein Melbourne who seldom write about anything, but this has stirred them up to action, and, for once they have put their views on paper and sent thema to the Editor of the "Telegraph," who is fearfully bored for time to read all the correspondence he receives. There is dn old saying that law makers ought not to be lawbreakers but Mr. Mirams, M.LA., evidently thinks that because he can claim a seat in the barn at the top of Bourke Street be can do as he likes. This no doubt accounits for his conduct on the Prince of Wales's Birthday. Mr. Mirams hired a waggonette to take himself and family to the Review. On reaching the gates of Albert Park he was informed that only private vehicles were admitted to the park, such being the law. Mr. Mirams enqred if the gatekeeper kn*ow who he vas talking to, The gatekeeper acknowledged he did not. Mn. Mirams with much 0om posity told who hre was and demanded admis sion. The gatekeeper again refused. This was too much for the M,L.A, who took the reins aud drove through. Mr. Mirams deserves to be sevorly eolsured for his conduct, an act that any man ought to be ashamed of; first to bully a gatekeeper and then to break the lsvW of the land-a law Mr. Mirinis has a voice in the making of. Before the session closes I would suggest to Mr. Berry the advisibility of bringing in a bachoelors tax bill as a good means of raising the revenue. A bachelor does not pay one eighth of the taxes a msarriel man has to pay on both clothcs and food, there. fore be ought to be taxed to make matters square. The minuistry have aname for being. very gallant. Here is a fine opportunity for there.; Bgeide5 tl is, whatea godrend it, would prove to thd young ladies. Ghosts visits to this world are few anid far between, and it' is s?ldom.wo hear of one now. However last week. if the story isto be believed, a ghost wandered into a gentleman's house in one of the suburbs. The domestica. terrified and frightenq le ld for tlieir lives. It was not till half ah-hour aterývrdns they plucked up courage to return (I forgot to tell you the master and mristress were out.) This they did very cautiously. Armed with sticks around every roont they went, but the ghost bad fled. At last the domestics fountd out to their dismay that not only the ghost was gone, but a large portion of the silver plate. The ghost hid' dvidently- taken a fancy to it, This may give a clue to somq of the robberies the police have been unable to unravel. Another good story, if it be true, is told about the Rodney Election. ' A gentleman, a vigorous supporter of Mr. Gillies had to writq two letters the day after the polling day the one to his son who was at college in Mel bourne hto let him know hoow the election had passed off.the other was a letter of consola. tion to a firiend who had lost his wife. When writing the letter of consolation he could hrirdly contain his Joyous feelings, but he did the best hecoulds When he camre to his son's letter he wrote the simple word " Hurrah." In his confusion he put thoemn in the is'rong envelopes and sent them oft. kday or two after his cquanamity was nlisturrbel by a letter from his. friond, . d?einsding an explanatiori of the letter lie sent him. The same po.st brought a letten from his frsr, asking himj what he meant by ronsoling him on the death of his wife. He sat down wrote ant oxplanations to both, and was forgiven the mistake lie made. PAUL PRIY. 