SERIOUS RAILWAY' COLLISION. A collision between two passenger trains, on the Victorian Railway line, near Spencerstreet, occurred ou Mouday afternoon. The haHVpasl. 'four ip.ui. train tor Eisendon had left the pluflorm a-id proceeded as far as ttia curve upposwe the eud of Bourke-street, west, when it »vas uutice<l that the up train from Williamstown was approaching the. station on the same line of rails. Th& drivers ot both engines afipareiisly did what they could to break tbe ioree ot the inevitaUe collision by >hnt'iug off steam and applying breaks, bin the momentum retained at the moment ol cuutact was such that thehuge bodies met with a treueuduus crash and theu each tram rebounded back, leaving a liLstauce ot thirty to lorty feet between thelocomotives. The extent of the concussion was so great that not only were the hu&ra; of both engines broken to pieces, but the fronts of their frameworks were also seriously damaged. Engine No. from. Williamsrown, was driven off the rails, and so was the carriage next to engine 22 which was drawing the train for Essendoo. As may be supposed the shock and recoil had disastrous effects upon the passengers in both trains. All were shaken, but nine of them received cuts ana contusions of a more or les6 serious character. The worst case apparently was that ot Mrs Zander, of Ussendoo, who was severely injured iu one thigh, which was supposed in be broken. »nd she hod to be at once taken in a c-.,b to uhtain surgical aid. The other sufferers whorequired uie-dicai attention were—Mr !fo;t,. South Yarra, severe injury to knee; J. Lawier, shattered knee; Louis Brennan v Fitzroy, cut at tbe back of the head; W. Calvert, Little Collins-street, cut nose; G. It Thompson, Footscray, cm under the eve- William Ward, llonhaiu, injury to the knee ami ieg. it was providuutial that the collision did not happen at a greater distance from the siaiion, as then the craina would have beeu running at greater speed* and tbe consequences would have been, tar more lamentable. The cause ot theunfortunate circumstance could not ha ascertained last night, but it evident that blame muse attach to the pointsman, either at the inner function semaphore, near which tbe catastrophe happened, or at a semaphore nearer to. North Melbourne, as the Wiliiain.st.own, train-was on the wrong line. Gangs of uien were at once set to work to replace tb» engine and carriage 00 the rails, but it was more tliau a 11 liour bet'ire the line was. thoroughly cleared, atid the 6hort trains duriug the rest ot the evening were rather atter their usual time.—Age. THH POLITICAL SITUATION.—How old B llarattans regard the poiiticiul situta'ioa may be gathered Irom the following extract from a letter writer by a gentleman for many years in a public position here, but new residents in another colunv :—Touching the political degradation of Victoria, it is very painful to the real friend? ol truo democracy to learn the result ot your recent elections, but I do not sympathise with Sir James M'Culloch one ' ban bee.' With him it is just his own chickens coming home to roost. He is just reapiug what he has sown. Let your mind run back seven or eight years to the palmy days ot 'local liberal,'' boo booing aud tea-fig"h:s, the Darling grant rumpus, die, his contemptible trucking tosheer brute force aud noise, the corruption iu the Lands Depar'inent. Jbc. He then raised Frankenstein's ghost, and now the ghost grins and laughs defiance at him, and 'sarve.him right.' I think, too, that lie used Service badly, and he now finds him- self out ot service very much in consequence of what he then did. • My opinion of Sir James is, that he is selhsb, cold-blooded, tyrannical; ?h<it he is the very wont Premier that ever ruled Victoria, Graham Bern-, the prince ol wind- bags, Dot excepted. 1 admit Sir J.'s ability, at:d 1 admit Graham B.'s imbecility, though it their banking accounts were just reversed, ths contrast might not appear so great cs it new does. Be this as it may, great talents, wben controlled by selfish ambitions and tyrannical instincts, may prove a curse rather than a blessing, to the world. 1 don't suppose tlmt if Sir J. knew .my opinion of hi-o be . would take it sufficiently to heart to cause him to commit suicide; nevertheless, I hold him as a public man in contempt. And one strong reason for my feeling is, that be has beeu tbe means of bringing A'ictoria into contempt. I am very sorry for some of those who have gone down in his sinking skip* Joseph Jones, than •w hom I don't think there is a truer or abler politician in tbe coiony, has -learned some of the vicissitudes of political life,, and to tliiuk that - he should have lost his seat by one vote, it is galling. I have : nothing .. .to thank Joseph Jones for personally,: for.I never asked him tor a favor but once, and that was simply to speak •' good word for me. I don't blame him for not apeaking. the'.word, but I thought he might jhave had the cpurtesy to answer , my . letter; bnt, as soon. as six years have passed, I suppose I may consider it (tbe answer) barred by the Statute of Limitations. Anyhow, I believe him to be a thoroughly sterling politician, and a sterling honest man." A storekeeper named Hensenrober has been missing Irom the Wilmington (SJL) township for several days. 