THE ENGLISH BURIAL GROUND AT SCUTARI. The bodies of some eight thousand Eng lishmen moulder peacefully in this grave yard. I fancy that the remembrance of their deaths might moderate the frenzy of the politicians who seem bent on hound ing England on to a fresh war with Russia. Surely the politicians must be mainly young men, or they must have very short memories. Can yon not recall, you who are middle aged, and whose memories are good, those two miserable years beween the fight at the Alma and the fall of the Malakoff ? Do you remem ber the Ghost's Derby Day of 1855? Do you remember when, on the Cliff at Brighton and the Marina at St. Leonard's, you could scarcely walk ten paces without meeting groups of ladies and children clad in deepest mourning for their fathers, husbands, brothers, sweethearts, slain in that wretched Chersonese, or who had sickened and died in the cheerless wards of the Scutari Hospital ? Are we to have those years of private agony and bereave ment, of public blundering and misman nagement, over again ? I suppose s Glory is a fine tiling. I am only a pekin, a civilian, and I know nothing about glory ; but I confess that my blood runs cold and that my heart sickens, when I hear politicians pertly prating about the " arbitrament of the sword," and " war clearing the atmosphere," and so forth. I have never met Glory yet, and I don't know what he or she is like ; but I have met War face to face half a dozen times in as many countries. I have looked into the whites, or rather the crimsons, of his eyes, and I. have gazed upon the Sisters who follow him wheresoever he goes. They are Three Sisters, and their names are Rapine, and Disease, and Death. This is, of course, a miserably craven and epritless way of looking at War. I can not help it. I have seen only War's mad ness and wickedness, its foulness and squalor. To me it lias represented no thing but robbery and profligacy, hut famine and slaughter; and I can but think that if the warlike politicians were to witness just half an hour of actual war fare as I have witnessed it in America, in Italy, in Mexico, in France, in Spain, their martial ardour would cool down a little, and they would not be quite so prompt to blow the bellicose trumpet.— G. A. Sala. in the ' Illustrated London News.' 