LOVE BEFORE THE MAST. FFrom the San Francisco Mail of Sept. 14.1 The captain of an English ship just arrived in port relates a singular story which is worth adding to the already extensive budget of marvellous tales of the ocean. The names of captain and ship are not given, as sailors are pi'overbially sensitive about their veracity. The official log con tains these entries : — ' August 15, latitude — , longitude — , James Col ton, a stowaway, fell from the f oretopgallant yard to the deck, and was instantly killed.' ' August 16. latitude — , longitude — , William Beau, an ordinary seaman, while the funeral service was being read over the body of Colton, jumped from the topgallant rail and sank immediately. Ship hove to at the time. A boat was lowered, but no traces of the man was discerned.' 'That,' said the Captain, 'is an entry that gives the key to the yarn Til spin you,' as a Mail reporter sat in his cabin yester day afternoon after the noonday meal ' I shipped Bean in Liverpool. He was a tall, good- looking young fellow, and did not appear to be much of a seafaring man by his appearance, but he had a couple of good discharges and I took him. After he went forward among the men I did not notice him again until the second day out. The mate came aft lugging along a little bit of a fellow with short curly hair and a round face, whom he had found stowed away under the fore hatch. A lot of the men got around to see what I was going to say about it. ' ' What the blazes made you hide away in my ship ?' I said. He didn't answer a word, and seemed scared to death. Then Bean stepped out andeaid : — ''I know that young man, Captain; he is an old chum of mine. He wanted to eret a passage to California and had no money.' ' 1 swore some at them both and then sent Colton off ineharge of the third mate, who soon got him to work on a broom. He handled the broom pretty well, and took sort of to polishing up the brass work, and seemed so inclined to be industrious that I took him out of the mate's watch and gave him odd jobs about the cabin, lending the steward a hand and so on. He had all night in and better grub than they got in the forecastle, but he used to always slip some of it forward to Bean. Those two were a good deal together on Bean s watch, and Colton would sometimes stay up all night with him. Then he got to like going aloft, and used to handle the royals as well as any ordinary seaman on board. One day the mate said to me, ' I heard those two men, Bean and Colton, talking together last night, sir, and there was something queer about it. Bean was telling him that his mother and brothers would never forgive him, and the best thing to do when he got to San Francisco would be to write to some friend at home, but not to let his people know where he was. Col ton was crying and seemed to feel very bad. Then they, saw me and shut up. I think Bean has made that boy Colton run away from school or something of the sort.' ' I told the mate to make work as light as he could for him, and. once, when he brought me up a cup of tea on the poop, I asked him if his friends knew that he had started for California. ' * Oh, no,' he said, * but I could not get along well at home, and I thought it best to go away.' ' : ''Ttou knew Bean well Bt home, didn't you?' I asked. ' ' Yes, sir,' said'he, and looked 'red and confused. ' * Did he induce you to run away ?' ' ' No ; no, sir,' said he ; ' but he told me he was coming in this ship.! ' That was all I said about it then. A week or so afterward, when he was cleaning up my cabin, he got hold of a photograph of my wife, which an artist in Liverpool had undertaken to color and had made a botch of' it. t ''Did- you ever do any^ painting1?' I asked. He said he could paint a little ; and I got a box of water-color paints from the third iiaate and some brushes, and gave, him a few photographs to color. You see' how well he did it. He surprised ine.' Then the Captain opened his album and showed the reporter some photographs which were very skillfully and artistically retouched. ' I saw him once,' continued the Captain, 'painting the photograph of a fine looking old lady . He told me it was Bean's mother. Well, to come to the day the accident occurred. I was on deck at the time, and Bean and Colton were sitting for'ard. I was just going to call the young chap aft to help the sailmaker, who was working on the poop, when a squall came along. The mate sang out, the royal halyards were let go and Colton jumped into the fore rigging to get aloft and stow the foreroyal, for it was darkening up to windward. Bean also got into the rigging and seemed to want to get up, but Colton got ahead of him. 'He laid out on the yard, got hold of the canvas, and the ^ext thing we knew something came whirling down on deck with a thud that made me shudder. The first one at the poor fellow's side was Bean. He turned him over, for the face was toward the deck, and then he fell down in a fit, and the boatswain attended to him. The watch carried Colton's body aft. His neck was broken. I pulled off the shirt and then I knew the whole story,' and the skipper took a glass of sherry, and his eyes were moist. 'What was the mystery,' asked the re porter. 'Well,' said the Captain, 'just this. Colton did not belong to oiu* side of the deck. The body that was sewed up and launched into the deep was a young woman, and she was Bean's wife, for I found the marriage certificate in Bean's trunk with some letters that partially explained the matter. But I'll tell you about that after ward. As soon as Bean got right he came aft looking like a ghost, and lie knew by my face that I had discovered the secret. '' ' Captain,' said he, taking off his hat, : would you have any objection to letting me stay alone with it this night ?' ^ ' I let him stay all night by the body, and I can imagine what the poor fellow suffered. I never saw such a despairing face on a man in my life as that which met me when I opened the cabin door and the hands were summoned for the funeral ser vices. He stood by until the last moment, and when the body slipped off into the sea, and the shot earned it down, down, into the blue depths, he watched it until it disappeared. Then he jumped on the top gallant rail, and before any one could grab him. he was gone.' « And the letters ?' ' I hunted through his' trunk,' said the skipper, 'and found a bundle of letters which I am going to enclose to his friends at home. From what I could learn from them it appears that Bean (which was an assumed name) was a young fellow of good family but veiy wild. The girl's people were also well off and reputable. She knew him from a boy and ran away with him, and they were married. He went to sea after that and she went back to school. When he returned they tried to make it up with the old folks, but they would not have it. So the young fools, without a six pence to bless themselves with, came on board my ship. Sounds like a novel, but it is all just as I told you, and here are the proofs.' 'Have you any objection to my giving the name of the ship '?' said the reporter. 'Well,' said the 'skipper, ' I don't like that sort of sensation, and the owner's don't want these sort of things about the ship in the papers. Here is the boat along side,' said the Captain, and the reporter took a seat in the stern sheets and was soon at the landing. 