RECENT PUBLICATIONS.'' Under the title of Brain and Intellect, Mr. John Coutts has written a work which is partly psychological and partly physiological. IJu explains the structure of the nervous system, investigates the relation of the brain to the mind, and discusses the various phenomena of dreaming, somnambulism, mes- merism, insanity, and spiritualism. The latter he characterises as a form of mental disease eminently conducive to insanity, and enters a satisfactory explanation of some of the "manifestations." The book is cast in the form of a dialogue, and its object is to illustrate the harmony and perfection of natural laws, and the health and happiness which would result from obedience to them, and the disorder, discomfort, and disease which are the consequences and the penalty by transgressing those laws. Dr. 'John Crombie Brown, formerly colonial botanist at the Cape of Good Hope, and the author of three valuable works on forest science, has put forth a pamphlet descriptive of The Schools of Forestry in Europe, in which he advocates the creation of a similar institution in connexion with the Arboretum at Edinburgh, He calls attention to the fact that in South Africa millions of acres have been made desert, and more are annually being made so, by the destruction of the indigenous forests; that in Demerara and Trinidad all the useful timber accessible has been cut down that the kauri pine is rapidly disappearing in New Zealand and that "the annals of almost every Eng. rich colony would repeat the tale of wilful wanton waste and improvidence ;" while in France, Germany, Switzerland, Austria, and Russia, the forests and waste lands are carefully conserved by the Government and State forestry is an important branch of education. Therefore he strenuously contends for the introduction of the study of silviculture into our public schools and universities, and asks whether it is not a disgraceful circumstance that British subjects have to repair to the forest schools of France or Prussia, in order to qualify them to receive appointments in the Forest Service of India A Sketch of Turkish History, by C. J. S" gives a good general outline of the principal events connected with the rise of the variables at the close of the thirteenth century, with their conquest of Bysantinm, and with the part they have played in Europe and Asia down to the present time. The writer seems to have consulted the best authorities, and has contrived to compress a considerable amount of authentic Information within the limited compass of 50 pages. The Golden Yankee is the title of a story of life and adventure on the Victorian diggings in the early days, when there was plenty of material for romance. It is from the pen of Mr. Harold W. H. Stephen, and is a decided advance upon previous essays in this line by that gentleman. There is an abundant variety of incident combined with a fair proportion of sensation," and the dialogue is dramatic and characteristic. Mr. Stephen seems to have taken Bret Harte for his model, and describes similar aspects of life in Australia to those with which the American author has rendered us so familiar in California. To the multiplication of essays on Hamlet there is no end. Mr. J. W. Mahony, who tells us he is both an actor and a student, has written a pamphlet called Hamlet's Mission, which purports to be a critical inquiry into and a defence of that erratic Prince's mode of carrying the command laid upon him by the Ghost into execution. He does not think that Hamlet was the weak and wayward person which the critics represent him to have been, and which he himself i a ia he was. His indecision and vacillation we are requested to believe resulted from the fact of his having been "a great philosopher and thinker," and largely occupied in mentally revolving and resolving the metaphysical problems of human existence, Mr. Mahony is not likely to make many converts to his views, which are crude in themselves and crudely expressed. He says he is " painfully conscious of his utter inability to do even faint justice to such an important and closely debated subject ;" and the question naturally arises, Why didn't he Isa ve it alone 1 Captain Maxflo, R N,, who belong to what may be called the left wing of the radical party in England, has published a brochure entitled The Causes of Social Revolt, which has already gone through three editions. His views upon most of the questions of the day are extreme, and he is terribly in earnest. He enumerates vividly and vigorously the numerous evils from which society suffers and he thinks they are capable of being cured by the following agencies L Compulsory, gratuitous, secular education. 2, Land tenure reform. 3. The substitution of direct for indirect taxation. 4\. Electoral representative reform. Probably, if the captain were to visit the Austrahan colonies, it would have the effect of moderating his enthusiasm, and correcting some of his opinions. Mr. James Bonwick has prepared for "Collins'' School Series" c remarkably con- case Geography of Victoria, The task could scarcely have fallen into better hands, nor could a greater amount of information have well been compressed into 35 pages. A map of the colony, corrected up to date, except- ing as regards the railways, adds to the value of this neat little manual. Human Life is the title of a pamphlet, by on "Eoloolic," in which the writer institutes an inquiry into the duty of the State in rela- tion to pauper children. The author of it is altogether opposed, in many respects, to the prevailing humanitarian sentiment, and affirmed his belief in the natural law of population as propounded by Malthus. He argues that " It is to a large extent in the power of man to determine which 79 out of every 100 children born in this colony shall live, and which 21 shall die before the age of areas, on the average, every child reared by the state causes, indirectly, the death of a child in some poor and struggling family taxed for its support, the state does great wrong to its beat members when it interferes with the decree of nature in respect of these children. Let the state assistance be withdrawn, and private charity, from the sympathy of those who can afford to indulge their feelings, will protect the waifs and strays of society to the fall extent which justice permits- An; medical man will admit that many infanta-ohlldren of well-to-do and thriving parents-die annually in Victoria alone, because theRe parents can not afford to employ a wet-nurse when the mother is unable to supply the natural nourishment of infancy, Yet these same parents are compelled by law to contribute towards providing wet-nurses for foundlings in the industrial schools. Does any one inquire the fate of the infants left by their mothers for this employment? No; our charity is but skin deep. We cannot bear to see the wretched, starving, and miserable ; but, like the Priest and Levite of old, are glad to pass by on the other side." * Brain and Intellect. By John Coutts. Colbourne : M. L. Hutchinson. The Schools of Forestry in Europe By J. Groom to Brown, LLD. Edinburgh : Oliver and Boyd. A Sketch of Turkish History. By C. J. B. Hobart Town : W. Westcott and Co. The Golden Yankee. By Harold W. H. Stephen. Sydney : J. J. Moore. Damlot'o Mission. By J. W. Mahony. Birmingham : Taylor and Son. The Causes of Social Revolt. By Captain Maxao, B.N. London : Longmans and Co. Coofrrapby of Victoria. By James Bonwick. Glasgow : W. Collins and Co. Human Life. By an Kolootlc Melbourne : George Robertson. It is stated that instructions have been issued by the British Government to the authorities at the dockyards and arsenals to be careful in future in the latitude allowed to foreign officers permitted to make a general inspection. In no case must they be allowed to examine manufacturing processes of the improvements which it is intended to introduce in the gear of turret ships. It is said that when Lieutenant Kazkasoff (Admiral Fopoff's gunnery lieutenant) visited the Temeraire at Chatham, recently, he was greatly surprised at the refusal to allow him to examine the turret, and left without in speeding any other portions of the vesseL 