?clto£0 front the $ttsh. BY GEOFFRY CBABTHORN. ' T.ilrft my fellow-colonists throughout the country I sincerely regret the cause that constrains our newly-installed Governor to quit his post and seek repose in what to him will be a less trying climate. I can not claim any acquaintance with . His Excellency even in his public capacity, and I will not feign a depth of sorrow it would be unreasonable to feel; but nevertheless I can comprehend and fully sympathize with the pang which one who has undertaken a high trust must experience when he finds his^ strength, unequal to the duties of_ his office. ^ sacrifice must be severe in any case how much severer when necessitated by the lack of that chiefest of all blessings, good health! Thinking thus, the colony map well bid God speed to the gentleman who has held such brief authority over us almost in the very words of his illustrious countryman: SOUTH AUSTRALIA TO SIR WILLIAM CAIRNS. One bumper at parting! Though many Have not passed between us as yet, The fullest, the saddest of any "We drink when we scarcely have met. The sweetness that friendship hath in it Is always so slow to come forth, That seldom, alas, till the minute It dies, do we know half its worth. But come-may your life's future measure Partake of earth's blessedest boon, A ndj born of repose, may the treasure Of health, he restored "to you soon! See now what it is to have too modest an opinion of one's inventive faculty! Had not my eyes been opened to a sense of my own genius by those letters from Mr. Hinckley, of Narracoorte, claiming the credit of being the real raiser of the Willunga, by virtue of having first suggested the patch upon the dredger s broken side, I might have gone on till doomsday putting patches on my leaky tgnlra without knowing that my simple method of covering a hole in a structure of iron ought properly to rank as one of the great discoveries of the age. It is all very well for Mr. Hickson and the other professors of the science to say that the plan is an old one. When the wisest man who ever lived distinctly affirmed that there is nothing new under the sun, it is surely somewhat unreason-i able to throw it in Sir. Hinckley's teeth that hia scheme is not an exception to the universal rule. And if they were all so well acquainted with the method, why didn't they propose its adoption? _ A fig for your oracle who looks on with his mouth shut while you are making a bungle of a job, and then when some land soul shows you the right way to do it shrugs his shoulders and cries, with a scornful laugh, "Why, I couldhavetoldyouthat long ago." I don't suppose, however, that my intelli gent Engineer of Harbours was un acquainted with the plan ultimately adopted, even before it was suggested to T>im by Mr. Hinckley, but he evidently did not think it the best plan, whereas Mr. Hinckley assuredly did. For this reason then, if for no other, let the latter have all the honour and glory of evolving the patch idea out of his own moral conscious ness. The history of the case may be summed up in the following adaptation of an old nursery rhyme : WHO RAISED THE DREDGER 'i "Who raised the dredger? " I," said Mr. Hickson, «"With the patch I did fix on; I raised the dredger." Who gave the hint ? *1," said Mr. Hinckley, His brow growing wrinkly "I gave the hint." Who knew the plan, too ? " We," said with sneers All the civil engineers, " We knew the plan, too." Who claimed it likewise? " I," said the diver, "In hopes to earn a 'fiver ;' I claimed it likewise." Who stopped his boasting!' K I," said the Register, '. When I made about the dredge a stir, I stopped his boasting." Who'll pay the hill ? " I," says the taxpayer, « Although I always lack spare Cash, I must pay the hill." As for the little "Gawler boy" who «ave a runaway knock at my door in Saturday's Register, I dismiss him with a friendly pat on the back for his boldness. He must be a very clever boy to be able to spell 11 farinaceous" aud all the other long words he puts into his story, but I fear from his strange ideas about pocket money that he is but a poor hand at his sums. Still I take his letter as a cordial though covert compliment, for is it not written-" Imitation is the sincerest flattery 1" I see some one advertises that he will teach the art of writing in a specified numberof lessons, andguaranteesto impart to ladies a knowledge of " the best angular style." Now I do not object to the angular style in feminine caligraphy, because as a rule ladies write a plain though peculiar hand, but if the adver tiser would undertake to abolish the absurd fashion of crossing letters he would confer an everlasting benefit upon all unhappy men who are favoured with epistles from their fair friends. If the inscriptions on the recently-discovered Assyrian tablets had been written by a woman in the style similar to that I complain of they would have remained a puzzle beyond the power of human ingenuity to unravel. I would sooner labour through the confused cali graphy of an illiterate ploughman or an overtaxed editor than bewilder my brain with the crossed and recrossed crochet work of the loveliest lady in the land. Only the unhappy recipient of such a literary labyrinth can realize the pro longed agony of the task. You get hold of the letter and think ycu have started fair, but in a few sentences you find yourself shunted on to one of those lines that run across, and you have to try back. If you have the same in stinct as the hound, who can follow one particular trail through a hundred diverg ing tracks, you can get on pretty well, but you always feel inclined to go off at a tangent. Supposing you get safely to the bottom, you never know whether to take the cross-track or turn over and begin endways; if you do one, you are very ap«. to come to the end of the letter before you have got to the middle; and if you talra the other course you are just as likely to be brought up all standing at a sentence that plainly refers to something you have -not yet come to. After floundering about like a fly m a spider's web, you give it up with a con-1 fused idea that something is wanted, but you must not get M because it is not yet required, and even if it were there is some one else to be consulted first; but anyhow you had better go and see about it, or do something else which you can't make out, and there you are likely to stop. Perhaps the following appeal from a sufferer will touch the consciences of the fair offenders: LADIES' LETTERS. By a Puzzled RECIPIENT. When ladies ?write And notes indite^ I do not like to criticise; .They spell with care, . Their style is fair, Zbe writing of a pretty eise. 'Tis small and neat And aye replete With woman's grace, that pleases Bat, with much pain, I must complain Of one defect-that teases as. She oft inclines To ran her lines Across, like open netting work ; And then to roat The meaning ont Is wearisome and fretting work. To find the clue And run it true Through all the writer's business I oft have failed, "And sometimes quailed From sheer fatigue and dizziness. This criss-cross style, Like woman's smile, Has something scarce levealed in A billet deux, Though fair to view, May have a sting concealed in it. You spell it down "With puzzled frown Pursuing each queer twist of it, And pore an age O'er every page Before you get the gist of it. I cannot see "Why this should be, For paper cheap enough it is; Yet this they treat As if each sheet "Were worth a pair of muffetees. Across the end You may depend She'll slip an urgent postscript in, At which you gaze In muddled maze As dazed as if a ghost crept in. If things like this Still go amiss Her folly I must satirize ; But woman, sure, The plague will cure, If she aright the matter eyes. Then let us pray, When nest she may Be writing to some pet of her, She'll wisely learn New leaves to turn In fact as well as metaphor. 