I '--TALES AND SKETCHES. - 1 Ci&EN; PASTURES AND PICCADILLY.* I \ , A NEW TALE ? « i - . By 't!'( WILLIAM BLACK, ^utdoBh job, //Madcap Violet,' 'The . Pbincess ofThulk,' &o.; ? . - ,,,,, ' ,C»AITER I.— INIRODUCTOIW. ? £ba, may bo sure there was a stir among our women-folk when they heard that a yonng man had come courting the Earl's daughter. We have amongst us— -or . over us, rather— a miniature major-domo of a woman, a mere wisp of a thing,; who has nevertheless an awful majesty of domeanor, and the large and innocent eyes of a child, and a wit as nimble and elusive as a minnow \ , and no sooner is this matter mentioned than she says, ' 0 the poor child ! And she has no mother.'1 'That,' it is observed by a person who has karat wisdom, and does not talk above his breath in his own house, ' that is a defect in her character which her future husband will no doubt condone.' She takes no heed. The large and tender eyea are distant and troubled. She has become a I Beer, a prophetess of evil things in days to come. 1 .'Think of the child !' she says to our gentle I visitor— who was once being courted herself, but I is. now a brisk young matron blushing with the I honors of a couple of bairns—' think of her sags being all alone there, with scarcely a woman ||f| friend in the world. She ha3 no ono to warn her, HI no one to guide her?-' jjffl 'Bat why,' says our young matron, with til mild wonder, 'rwhy should she want warning? HH Is it such a terrible thing to get married ?' p|| Common sense does not touch the inspired. M ' Tho getting married ? No. It is the awaken ^ ing after. How can she tell — how can she know ?j —that this young man, if ho really means to i marry her, is1 at the present moment courting her i deadliest rival? Whom has she to fear tn the | future bo much aa her old idealised self ? Ho is * building up a vision, a phantom, no moro like j that poor girl than I am liko her ; and then, | when he fi&da; out tho real woman after mar I riage, his heart will go back to tho old creation J of his own fancy, and ho will wonder how she ;^J could have changed so much, and grieve over his $js disappointment. Yes, you may laugh'— this is pi a sudden onslaught on another meek liste&er;— |H *' bat every woman knows what I say is truo, ||j And is it our fault that men won't see us as wo HI are until it is too late ? Wo have to boar tho |H blame, at all evonts. It is always tho woman-, Wm Once upon a tirno— and itonly happons once— she |» was a beautiful, angolic croature ; she waa filled IH with noble aspirations ; wisdom ohono in her III face ; I suppose tho earth was scarcely good H enough for nor to walk on. Then she marries ; $& and hor husband discovers— slowly and surely — & not his own blnndor, but that his imaginary *. heroino has changed into an ordinary woman, ? ^ who has an occasional hoadache liko othor pooplo, ? # and must spend a good deal of her lifo in think* jiij iB8 about shops and dinners. Ho trios to hiilb :| hia dismay: he is very polito to hor; but how III can she fail to sco that ho is in lovo, not with her ||| self At all, but with that old ideal of his own Wm creation, and that ho bitterly regrets in aocrot tho ||| destruction of his hopes? That in no laughing Sot matter. People talk about great trngoilios, Tho $$m fierce passions aro splendid bocauso thoro is noiso |H and stamping about thorn. Bat if a man stubs mM » woman, and puts her out of tho world, in sho ffin sot at pcaco? And if a man puts a bullet H through his head, there is an end of his trouble H But. I will toll you ray belief, that all tho battles rag and wars that ovor woro in tho world havo not ||f caused tho fiftoonth part of tho micory and tragio H 'Coring that lmH been causod by this vory thing EM. Jou are laujjhing nt-thoKO faluo ideals formed bo EM foro marritiKo. You may laugh if yon like.' pi Imloed, wo woro not diopoBod to laugh. Sho Km wasroallyin oftrntwt. Sho hiiil spoken rapidly,' m£ wHh something of an indignant thrill in hor H| *oico, and a proud ami pathotio look in hor m Caik eycHi Wo hud, after all, a cortatn fondnosB m for,thl» gentlo orator ; nndjt wan difficult to B fooibi tho ongor pleading of lor imi-a»ionod H ^erdof whoDj n» no wt hor licark waa full of what ? ehewae gayjng,' ' ' '?' ' ? 0;,w(w it tho boautifal M»y morning,. ancl tho| ? 'Dulight (ihinina on tbo, \rhlto hawthorp and tho'' ? J''4^* Rud thQ tlfiopy shadow of iho ceihr on tho ? i»wd, and the ulunr vlngiug of tho Jark»,fnr aw-- y ? »o Iho Wiio'; tba^loil uij to listen so plablilly 'to I ^o.voieo o^f tu'o'charrao'rT A nowcoinor broko I i W^' ' ,'A*M»f jitboted obb oarao! tMtilng «p ' toth'fl' Voran'daJi t hfn ridor, ft tnll yoang man ' '^J'ublWhsdJby -tjioolM mrrftn^iuieutf #HU tbei «»«»(*. AUr\b»*rm»vW, ; '.m ,, a t ,.x .? ,„ ,- ( with a brown beard, leapt down on tho gravel* and'callea aloud in his' stormy way, ' 'Donncrwottcr ! It is as warm to-day, it ia aa warm as July. Why do you all sit hero ? Come! Shall wo mako it a holiday ? Shall wo clriyo to Guildford ?~WoybriJgo?— Chortscy ?— JEahor?' Tho two women woro sneaking off by them selves, perhaps bocauao thoy wished to havo a further talk about poor Lady Sylvia and her awful fato ; perhaps because they wero unxiona, liko all women, to lcavo holiday arrangements in other hands, in order to havo tho right of subse quently grumbling over them. ' Stay !' erica ono of U3, who hai been released from tho spell. 'There ia another word to bo said on that subject. You are not going to ride roughshod over m, and then sneak oat at tho back- door before wo havo recovered from the fright, This, then, is your contention — that a vastnumbor of women aro- enduring misery bo cause their husbands have become disillusionised, and cannot conceal Ihc Fact ? And that is the fault of .the husbands, Thoy construct an ideal woman j marry a real ono ; and livo miserable ever after, because they can't have that imagin rtive toy of their brain. Now, don't you think, if this wero truo— if this wretchedness wore so widespread— it would core itself? Have mankind gone on blundering for ages because of tho non arrival of a certain awful and mysterious Sarrey prophetess? Why haven't woman formed a universal association for the destruction of lovers' dreams 2' ' I tell you, you may laugh aa you like,' is the calm reply, ' but what I say ia true ; and every married woman will tell you it is trao. Why don't women cure it ? If it comes to that, women are as foolish as men. The girl makes her lover a hero; she wakes up after marriage to find him as he really is, and tho highest hope of her life falls dead.' ' Then we aro all disappointed, and all miser able. That ia your conclusion ?' ' Not all,' is the answer, and there i3 a slight change of tone audible here, a slight smile visible on her lips. ' There are many whose imagination never went the length of constructing any ideal, except that of a moor covered with grouse. There are others who have educated themselves into a useful indifforentisrn or cynicism. Un fortunately it is the nobler natures that suffer most.' 'Well, this is a tolerably lively prospect for every girl who thinks of getting married. Pray, Frau Philoaophin, have you been constructing all these fiddlestick theories out of your own head, or have yon t»een making a special study of Sylvia Blythe ?' 'I know lady Sylvia better than most people. She ia a very earnest girl. She has ideals, con victions, aspirations — a whole stoak-in-lrade of things that a good many girla seem to get on very well without-. I£ that poor girl is disappointed in Tiot* mnrlMnms if. wilt I/ill Tlftr J- ' ' Disappointed in her marriage '!'' calls oat the young man who has been standing patiently with tho bridle of his cob in his hand. ' Why do you think that already ? No, no. It is the girl her self— she lives in that solitary place, and imagines mere foolish things— itis she herself has put that into your mind. Disappointed f No, no. Thero is not any good reason — there is not any. good sense in that. This young fellow Balfour, , every one sptaks well of him j he will have' a great name some day ; he is busy, a vory active man. I hear of him in many places.' ' , ' ' ' I wish he was dead !' says my Lady-; and curiously enough, at this' moaaeac her eyes'fili with tears, and sho turns and '-walks' proudly, away, accompanied by her faithful friend. ' ?' ' ' ' The young man turns in amazoment. .';; / ' What have I done ? Am I not right ? There is nothing bad that Bjilfour has dono?' ' ?' ' There is plenty bad in what he ttieauB to do, if it is true ho is going to carry off Lady'Sylvia Blytho. But when you, He'rr Lieutenant, gave him that fino certilicato of character, I suppose yon know that pooplo don't quite agreo about Mr, Hugh Balfour? I suppose you don't know that a good many folks rognvl him as a bullying, over bearing, and portentously serious Scotchman, a little too eager to tread on ono's corns, and not very particular as to tho moans ho uses for his own advancement ? Is it very croditablo, for oxaraplo, that ho should be morcly a worming pan for young CHynno in that wretched little Irish borough ? Is it decont that hoBhouldl apparently take a pride in insulting tho deputations that come to him ? A member of Parlumont is sup posed to pay Eomo respoct to tho people who oloctcd him,' Hero tho brown-visaged young uuq burst into a roar of laughtor, ' ' It is Bplcndid— it is tho best jok« I have known. They insult him ; why should he not turn round and say to thorn, ' Do you go to the dovil I' Ho ia quite right. I aduiiro him, Saokormont !— I would do that too.' So much for a morning gossip over tho affairs of two pooplo who woro not much moro than strua gors to us, Wo had but littlo notion thon that wo wero all to bocomo moro intimately related, our lives being for a Bpivco iutertwistod by tho ounuing hands of circumstance. Tho subject, however, did not at all depart from tho tniud of our eovcroign lady and rulor. Wo could too that hor oych woro troubtod. Wlion it waa proposed to hor that hIio should mako a party to drive BOinowhcro or othor, mho boggod that it might bo mnrta up without hor. Wo half suspected whithorbho meant to drive. Soiuo hour or two aftor that yon might hayo soon a pair of ponies, not much bigger than unco, boing slowly drivoa along a dusty lano that slur ted a great yark. Tho drivor was a jady, and sho was alone. Sho did not sflom to pay uiuah hood to tho beautiful spring foliugo ol tho Uiaci and oluiB, to tuo blossoms of tha.ohoatiiuts, nor yot to tho bluobolls and prinirosoi viaiblo on tho othor sido of the grey paling, whoro tho young rabbits woro scurrying iuio tho holes ia (ho. bftnk», '.,. . .,;,..-? ,' .. JThoro was a smarl pattoring of Uoof» boliind; hojf : audprfljoutly.Muo wm oYorUkottbyfvyouug .gontlomftnol boiiio Tourtoon y&ars; Qr not wjiq.tookj off bU tall hoi with, rauoh corowouy, ami poUtpljt bftdo:l»o,rfi0ou\wornin|{. , ,, 4 t- , .' flood, »orulu|, Mr. ,Mn/' saia she, in io turn, ?? Do 79a know U ,Udjr Sjlvla p* ai 1191119 1' j '?I should ,thluk abo f^ said tUo boj, m ho fiol, doim fcoui hi« horM, ' oj^a( led it ^jr ty* side of the pony-chaise, that he might the better continue the conversation. "I should think she was. My uncle's gone to town. Look here, I've been over to the Fox and Hounds for a bottle of charnpagne. Shan't we have some fun? You'Il stay to lunch of course." In fact tbore was a bottlo wrapped Touhd with brown paper under' 'his arin, 'Oh, Mr. John, how could you do that? Too know your cousin will be very angry.' 'Not a bit,' said ho, conQdontly. 'Old Syllabus ia a rattling good sort of girl. She'll declare I might havo had cbampagno at tho hall —which isn't true, ! for my noble uncle ia an un commonly sharp sort of chap, and I beliovo he takes tho key of the wine-cellar with him— and then shell settle down to it. Sho's rather serious you know j and would liko to como tho maternal over you ; but she has got jast as good a notion of fun aa most girla. You needn't be afraid about that. Old SyHabu.i anl I aro firat- rato f rionds ; we get on capitally together. You see I don't try to spoon her, as many a follow would do in my place.' 'That ia very sensible of t yon— very consid. erate.' . ' . The innocence of th'oso'oyes of here ! If that brat of a schoolboy, who was assuming the airs of a man, could have analysed tho tender, ingenious lamb-like look which wasxiirected towards him— if he could have, seen through those perfectly' 3wcet and approving eyes, and discovered tho fiendish laughter and sarcasm behind— he would have learnt more of the nature of women than ho waa likely to learn in .any half-dozoa years of his idiotic existence. But how wa3 ho to know? Ho chattered on moro than ever. Hs ha-1 a firm conviction tbat he was impressing this simple country person with his knowledge of the woi Id and human naturo. She had been bat once to Oxford. He had never even seen tho place ; but then aa he was going there some day, ho was jus'.ified in speaking of tho colleges as if they wero all on their knees before him, imploring him to accopt a fellowship, And then he came back to his cousin Sylvia. 'It's an awful shame,' said he, ' to shut up the pwgirl hi that place. She'll never know any thing of the world : she thinks there's nothing more important than cowslips and daisies. I don't suppose my uncle ia overburdened with money — in fact, I believe he must be rather hard np — but I never heard of an Earl yet who couldn't get a town house somehow, if he wanted to. Why doesn't he get another mortgage on this tumble-down old estate of his, and go and livo comfortable in Bruton-street, and show poor old Syllabus something of what's realiy going on in the world ? Wby, she hasn't even been pre sented. She has got no more notion of a London season than a dairymaid. And yet I think if you took her into tho Park sho would hold hor own there : what do you think V ' I think you would not get many girls in the Park moro beautiful than L.idy Sylvia,' is the innocent answer. ' And this old place ! What's the good of it? The whole estate is going to rack and ruin becauso my uncle won't have the rabbits killed down and he won't spend any money on thofarm buildioES. ' And that old bailiff, Moggg, is the biggest fool I evor saw ;'tho whole placo is over run with couch-grass. I am glad my uncle gave him' one for himself tbo1 other day. Moggs was grumbling abont'the rabbits. ' Moggs,' said my nncle.-'yq'n let ray rabbits alone, and I shall say nothing :about your couch.' But it's an awful sham^ AniT; ho'U ' never, get hor married if he keeps her b'nfiea' down here.' '- M But is 'there I any necessity that jour cousin sTfauia'' marry?' ' ' ??''; 'lean tell you it ia becoming more and more difficult' 'overy year,*1 said this experienced and thoughtful observer, 'to get girls married. The men don't seem to see it somehow, unless tho girl has a lot of money and good looks as well. Last y&\r I believe it was something awful; you could seo at the end of the season how tho mothers were beginning to pull long facos when thoy thought of having to start off for B.iden Baden with a lot of unsaleable articles on hand.' 'Yes, that is a serious responsibility,' ia the grave answer. ' But then, you know, thero needs be no hurry about getting your cousin married. Sho ia youug. I think if you wait you will find at tho right moment the beautiful prince come riding out of tho wood to carry hor off, just 03 happens in tho story-books.' 'Well, you know,' said this chattoring boy, with a smile, 'pooplo havobogun to talk already. There is that big boor of a Scotch follow— what's hia name ? Balfour— has been down hero a good mauy timos lately j and, of course, gossips jump at conclusions. But that is a littlo too ridiculous. I don't think you will catch old Syllabus, with all her crotchets, marrying a man in the rum and sugar line, Or is it calico and opium I' 'But I thought ho had novor had anything to do with tho firm? And I thought it was ouo of the most famous merchant houses in tho world ?' 'Well, I don't suppose ho smears' hia hands with troaclo and wears an apron —hut— it ia too ridiculous. I havo no doubt when my undo has got all ho wants pat of him, ho won't trouble Willowby agfcin. Of cdurso I haven't moutionod tho mattor to old Syllabus. That would bo no Ubo. It it woro truo,' sho would not confess it : girls always tolls li«s about such things.' 'Thoro you hato acted wisely ; I' would not rnontiou such idlo .rumors to her, if I .woro you. Shall I take tho bottlo from jon V 'If you would,' said ho. ' And I shall rido now.; for wo bnvo littlo tiuio to spare, and I waul you to aco old Syltkbus's fiwo whon I produco tho oharapagno'ivt luuijb,' '. . V So tho lad got on his horso Again, and tho cavakftdo mo wd ( forward &' | a brisk trot. It was a beftutlfiH xCquijtrjr ' through wUiflh thoj woro pawing, densely wooded, horo aud thoro, and hero and there showing long stretches of hoaihj oom ujoniwith patches of black flra staudiug olear agajuot tko «kv. ;Aud tho bright May suuli^ui was shilling through tho young groon foli&go; 0! tboboQQhcB aud. olws; tho ale was awoot with thq scout ol hawthoru tyuil Uho ; now and again thoy bo«t;d tho,'joug, joug.' ot a nigUiu&Alo; from 0Ujt 9! j A fiT^va of youii j larchofl ivnd ayr^oo. By-wid-bji Vhoy camo to a pUi^j litllo Joilgo^ «&d; l«iupj[t JhrougU,tho gftio*, aui dwo along aa a^ouuo cl taUjUittVanii branching chostnuU. Thwo i»M ft fcUmmci o|agrtpj.-'oyi9 tbwu^h tio trees. Then they, swept around by a spacious lawn, and drtw op in frorlt of tho wide-open door; while Mr. John, leaping down from bis torse, fang loudly at the ball. Yet there Deemed to be nobbdyiibonl'tbifldesertetlbotRe. . ? ; It waa a long, low, rarhbJhjg bnilding ef irrey stono, with no arcnitcctaral pretensioEa wfcsti soever. Itlad'sowepiflats here and tb«re, an-i a iion or two, to distingnisb'it'fronva coonly goal or an asylum : otherwise there was ndihing alont iUo catch tho eye. ' Bat the beauty of Lady Sylvia's boroe lay, not in the plain gTey building, but in the far reaching park, now yellowed all over with biJttflrcnp3,'and studded here and there with noble Clms; And on tho northern side this high-lying park sloped suddenly down to a long lafce, where (here was a boat-house and a punt or two for pushing through the reeds and water-lilies along the shore ; while beyond that again wasagrealetietchof cultivated country, lying warm and silent in the i summer light. Thcs house was strangely still ; there w&a; no sign of life about it. There waa no animal of any kind in the park. There was no sound but tli 0 singing of birds in the trees, and the call of the cuckoo, soft, and muffled, and remote. The very winds seemed 'to lie down as1 they neared the place; there waa scarcely a rustle in the trees. It was here, then, that the Lady Sylvia? had grown : up ; it was here that she now lived, and walked, . and drccmed, in the secrecy and silence of the ; still woodland ways, ? Chapter IL— Thb Misransg of.Willcwev. \ Tho Lady Sylvia aroao witb ' the eari j dawn, ' and dressed, and stole noiselessly down the stairs, and through the great stone ball. Clad all in a pale blue, with a thin white garment thrown ; round her head and shoulders, she looked like a ?? ghost aa she passed through the sleeping house ; but she waa no longer like a ghost when she went out on to the high terrace, and stood there in tho '. blaze of a May morning. Rather she might have been taken for the very type of English girlhood ' in its sweotcst spring time, aad the world can show nothing more fair and noble and gracious than that. Perhaps, aa her boy cousin bad said, she waa a trifle serious in expression, for she bad lived much alone, and she had pondered, in her own way, over many things. Bat sarely there waa no excess of gloom about the sweet young face— its delicate oval just catching tho warm sunlight— or about the pretty, half-parted, and perhaps somewhat too sensitive lips ; nor jet resting on the calm and thoughtful forehead that had aa yet no wiinkle of ago or care. However, it waa always difficult to scan the separate featurea of thia ijirl ; you were drawn away from that by tho irreaistible fcacination of her eyes, and there shone her life and soul. What were they— grey, blue cr black ? No one could exactly tell, but they were large, and they had dark pnpils, and they were under long eye lashes. Probably, seeing that her face waa fair— and even paler than one might have expected — and her hair of a light, wavy, and beautiful brown — those eyes were blue or grey, bat that waa of little consequence. It was the story they told that was of interest. And here, indeed, there was a certain seriousness about her face, but it was the seriousness of sincerity. There was no coquetry in those tender and earnest eyes. Familiar words acquired a new import when Lady Sylvia spoke them j for her eyes told yon that she meant what she said, and more than that. It was as yet the early morning, and the level sunshine spread & golden glory over the east ward-looking branches of the great elms, and threw long shadows on the greens ward of the park. Far away the world lay all asleep, though tho kindling light of the new day was shining on the green plains, and on the white hawthorns, and on this or that grey houso remotely visible among tho trees. What coald b« a fitter surrounding for this young English girl than this English-looking landscape? They wereiwA of them in the freshness and beauty of their spring tirao, that comes bnt once in a year and once in a life. She passed along tbo terrace. Down below fcer tho lake lay still ; thero was no breath of wind to break the reflections of tho tzeea on the glass; surface. But Bhe was not quite alone in this silent and sleeping world. Her friends and companions, the birds, had been np before her j sho could hear tho (wittering of the young starlings in their nests, as their parents came and wont carrying food ; and the load and jojfol '?'iirr-.vv.-e?3 tirr-a-weo, prooit, tweet!' of the thrushes, and tho hi* c^rrwing of the irood« pigeon, and the soft call of thti ctic&Sd; that seemed to como in whenever aa interval of silence fitted. Tho swallows dipped and flashed, and circled ovor tho bosom of tho like, Toero were blackbirds eagerly but cautiously at work, witb thoir short spasmodio trippings, on tho lawn, A robin, perched on tbe iron railing, eyed her curi ously, and seemed moro disposed to approach than to retreat. For, indeed, she carried a small basket, -with which tho robin was doubtless familiar, and now sho opened it, and began to scatter bandfula of oruuiba on tho gravel. A multitude of sparrows, hitherto invisible, seoined to spring into life. Tho robin descended from his perch. - But she did not wait to see how her bounties wero shared ; sho had work further on. - Now tho high-lying park and ground of Willowby Hall formed a dividing territory between two very different sorts of country. On tho north, away beyond the- lake, lay a broad plain of ouJUyaUjd groanxt, green, and soft, and fair, dotted with dusters of faruvbmldinga and scored by tall hedge-tows, Oa the tenth, ©a tbo other hand, thtrft wait a wiWerues* of sandy heatbJand dark-gwen c*min©», Wr alt «blaze with gorM and broom j black pi£te-*oo-fe high up aithohorittu; aad «M long, yellow, and dusty roai) apparently leading Mw&tre;, for there was no trace of town or tillage as far as the eye could iw, ''?-?' '? : - ?? ?? '? ?? ' ' ' ?' ? It was In thfa Utter direction (bat Syhia Blythe now turned her steps ; anil you *il! never' know anything about her untan yea know vottktiitege! theso her secret haunta irnt trite&t; *fcy* These were her w»r)t). Beyoad th«t 4i»t*ni line of I r. wood on tbe horiion her imagination seldom «artd to ttray. She had been vp fc London, «f OMirse j had stayed with her father at a hotel ia Arlington-*treet ; had twen to the crera tote «r twice} and dintdMK-m« frieadt* fa&Mfc; '$$t of tbe great, actual, draggling and eaSerwg world— of the ships, carrying emigranto 4o unknown lands beyond tbe creel seas, of Ike hordes driven down to death by&&easeai-d-sruM; in the squalid dent of great cities, -& tie «ftgex tattle, and flashed hopes, and bitter disappoiBfei naents of life— what could «he know? VLvA&R;* become acquainted at some time or other ^ritfc » tittle picturesque misery. Ii excites USibgfxt pity and tendernc-sr, and calls forth pert-sine sad tracts. It comes to them with the reecmiaenda lion cf the curate. Bat even tins email fcaoir* ledge of a bit of tbe strfferrug ia tbe world lad been denied to Lady Sylvia; for her fatter, tear* ing tbat sbe contemplated some cbaritaWe risila tion of tte kind, bad strictly forbidden it, ; *' look bere,'8yl via,' said be, ' 1 iron'i iav* you go trying to caich scarlet fera or Km*thiBg of tbat sort. ;We have no people of oar own £bai want looking after in that way ; if there are, let them come to Mrs. Thomas. As (or sick diiMren and infirm grandfathers elsewbere, ysn eaa^e them no good; there are plenty who can — leave it to them. Navy don'l forget titat, Ao⁢ I catch either Mr. ShnttJewoTtb tn Dr. Grey afiow ing yon to go near any of these fcovels, I can teS yon they will bear of it.' * And so H came to be tbat ber IrienSa xoi depeddaats were the birds, and rabbits, uad squirrels of the woods and tbe beath ; aoJ el these she knew all tbe taunts and habits, and they were her companions in ber hnely Taader« ings. Look, for example, at Ibis morcfajg tnSk of hers. She passed 'throngh some dense shrcb* beries— the blackbirds shooting' away throcgb fBfl laorel-bnshes — until she came tc aa open space ^ft the edge of a wood 'where there -was a rpadcoa dell. Here the sunlight Tell in tread patches oa a tangled wilderness of wiH flowers— -great masses of blue hjacintts, and white starwOrt, and crimson campion, and purple ground ivy. SLfl stayed a minnte to gather a stcaDboTjqoet which she placed in her drezs; bnt sbe 912 net pfw± two snow-wnite and waxen hyadstbs, for sbe lad watched these strangers ever since die had nctiood that the Sowers promised to be Vbit^ Should Ae upbraid, TV own that hSUprizeQ ehe hunucsd carelessly to herself, as she weal en again ; and now she was in a sloping glade, among young birches and beeches, with withered. brackens burning Ted in the scattered rouEgnt, with tbe new brackens coming up in solitary stalks of green, their summits not tie fiddle head of the ordinary fern, bat resembling ratter the incurved three claws of a large bird. She paused for a moment ; far along tbe path in frost of her, and qciie unconscious of her presence,' was a splendid cock pheasant, the bronzed plumage cf bis breast just catching a beam cf the - morning light. Then he stalked across tbe pati. — followed by his sober-colored hen— and dis« appeared into the fern?. She vent on again. A squirrel ran np a great beech- tree, and looked round at her from one of the branches. A jay fled screaming through the wocd — just one brief glimpse of brilliant blue being visible. Then sho ' came to a belt of oak paling, in which was a very dilapidated doer; and by the deer stood a basket, much larger than tbat she had carried from the Hall. She took np the basiet, let btr« self out by the small gate, and then found herself in the open sunshine, before a wide waste of heath. This was 'Wfllowby Heath, a vast slreUL cl sandy ground covered by dark heather mosfly, but showing here and there brilliant masses ol gorse and broom, and here and there a ssaS larch- tree, not over four feet in height, bat gleaming with a grimmer of greea over the dark common. A couple of miles avay, on a kseffj stood a -windmill, its great- ancs moticnlBSSi Beyond tbat again, the heath darkened as it roe* to the horiion, and ended in a fckek line of fink She hemmed as she went this idle song; asd sometimes she laughed, for the pk*e seemed to be alive with reiy young rabbits, and Jboee inexperienced babes showed aa agony of few aa they fled almost from under ber feet, and sevmei through \he dry heather to tt» candy breaks, B waa at one of the largest of tbsse breaks— a esrt cf ragged pit some six feel deep and fifty feet long— that she finally passed, and p«t iewn he* hesvy lead. Her approach had bees tbe -signal for the magical disappearance of aJboat fifty 6f sixty rabbits, the Urge majority being (fef merest mitea of things. New began a strange intinUHon Rece, SB* sat down in the perfect stillness; there was set even a rustle of ber dress. There was do wind stirring ; the white donds in the pale brae o*ex» iffd. hung motionless; the enry se-nnd aodSbltt was the coii^s ef ft jet* it far away over the, heath. ' ' -? She waited patiently, in this deep sficBcSt AH round and nndeneath this broken bank, ia^a transparent shadow, were a number of dark h«T«t of various sises. These were the apertures for the gnomes to appear from the bowels of the earth.' And as sbe waited, behold ! one of those mall cattrns became tenanted. A tiny head suddenTj appeared, and two black eyes regarded her, with, a sort of blank, dumb cariosity, without fear.' She did not move. Tbe brown small crea$crro came out further; he sat down, like a Kttle ball en tho edge of the sandy slope ; he was just ,hx enough out for the sunlight to catch the tips t4 his long cars, which thereupon shone transparent^' a pinky grey. Her eyes were cangb* by anottat sudden awakening of- life. At the «pposite side of tho dell ahoad xpjxAreJ, and bobbed in again —that was an old and experienced rabbit;; !bvb immediately afterwards one, two, three small bodies came out to the edge and sat there, amnto watchful family, staring and being stared at,1 Then here, there, everywhere, head after bead became visible ; a careful took round, a noiBelesf trot ou\ to the e3ge ol the hole, a motionless seat there^ not an ear or a tail stirring. In thfe mysterious silence, every eye was fixed oa nen J she ecarcely dared breathe, or theee ,pbaatasnal innabiUats of the lower world would aada*n\f vanish. Bui what was this eUaaM «mtnr«; unlike hb follows in all but bit BteaUhj.Traklii. fube«a and silent ways J , Het was blac-v« «nid» night ; he was^argoi, and lAt,,and sleek j 'lie m*» the only one 0! \Ve parents i that dared to ooaBeon,! as.dmakQPAtt!o|t^UjaaytUo{40ini& , ' Satan I* ,a-V^|lea : and ehe spring -*« ' feeii ani^tp^enejotti «Up of her banda. , R V . \- 7i^ ^ Staring with - those .empty boles. Sbo laughed tightly- to herself at that instantaneous scurry ; and, having opened the basket,' bIio scattered its contents— chopped turnips— alt round the place ; ?ndtkeu set off homewards. She arrived at the Hall in time to havo breakfast with her .cousin, though that.-youaggentlmattwav discontentedly grumbling over tho early hours they kept in bu Qncle's fcouse. \- ' Syllabus,' said ho, ' are joo going to stand champagne for lunch ¥' ? j '-.-'.'' Champagno .?— you foolish boy,' said sho ; .£' what do you want champagne for t' -,,.' To celebrate my departure,' said he. ' Too know yjm'Jl be awfully glad to get rid of me. I (hare worried your life oat in these three, days. Let's have, some champagne at lunch, to show Jyou don't bear malice. Won't 70a, old Syl ;tabus?' - . - ' Champagno ?' said she. ' Wina is not good . ' for schoolboys. Is it sixpence you want to bay .tpfljr with on the way to the station T' I 'After .breakfast she had her .. rounds- of the garden and greenhouses to'make ; she visited the kennels, .and. saw that the dop had plenty of water ; she went down to the lake to see that the swans had their food; she had a dumb con versation with her pony that was grazing in the meadow. . How could the sweet day pass more pleasantly ! The air was fresh and mild ; tha Bkies blue ; the sun warm on the buttercups of the park— in fact, when she returned to the Hall Bhe found that her smill bronze shoes and lue foot of her dress were all dusted over with a gold powder. . ,, But this was not to be an ordinary day. First of all she was greatly troubled by the mysterious disappearance of Johnny BIythe, who, she was afraid, would miss bis train in the afternoon ; then she was delighted by his appearance in company with a visitor, who was easily persuaded to stay to lunch ; then there was & pretty quarrel over tie ; prodnction of that bottle of public-house champagne— at which tho girl turned, with a little nosh in her cheek, to her visitor, whom she beggedto forgirc this piece of schoolboyish folly. Then Mr. John was bundled off in the waggonette to the station ; and she and- her visitor were left alone,.. - -. * ^yrhatha'l ILuIaice Mepliistopuelea io da with itjiis innocent girl !,,: ._-. ? I'. ',Ob, ladyiJylvia,' euc slid, 'f.bow delight folly q'Uet you arejbere. Bich titns I corns tha stillncs* of tho Hall and the p-irk strikes me inoreautl more. II is a place to dream one's life ftw&y; in, among tlie tr*es on tbs fins day3, in Ithe'librarylon the bid onssJ I suppose you don't Vish CTcrtty leave Willowbj ?' ^ , j*rN— no-'said Ibe gul, with a fjiat touch of color in her .. Ie.ce ; an-J Llien sbe added, 'But 3on't you think lhaions oujht to try to under stand wLat is going on cuUide one's immediate eirefs ? ; One moil b:-o»mc so igaorant, yoa know. I'havc been reading the leading articles in LLa . -Times lilely.' ; /rob, mdctd r „ ' Yes ; bat they only show me how very ig normal I ciast be, for I can scarcely find ooa tbu I cfcn understand. And I havo been greatly dia appoiiiic.l, too, with another thing. ELira yoa seen Lhie. book ?'??.. Sup trcul and fetched, from an adjoining t&Uo;, a volume which ahe plac-sd in her visitor'3 band*. It was entitled Tbe Ideas of the Day on Pokey. \- ' Tiic-o was a' friend of papa's here one e?ea ing, '.said L&4y Syivia deranrely, 'and we were talking about the greatly different opinions in politics that people held, and I asked him Low an ignoraul person like myself waa to decide which to boliere. Then be ? said, ' Oh, if yoa want to see all the pros aod com of ths great political questions ranged opposite each other; take, wme each book as. Barton's Ideas of tbe Day, then you can compare them ; and take which ono strikes yoa as being most reasonable.' Well, I soot for tbe book.; but look at it ! It u all general principles. It does not tell me any thing. ,1 am sore no one could bars read more carefully than I did the articles in tbe Time* on the. IriiL. Universities Bill. I have followed everyr thing that has been; said, and I am quite con ?vinced by the argument ; but I can't make put what the re$l tb.iijg is .behind. And then I gi to the.book that, was recommended to me. Look * at.it, my dear. Mrs. z — — . ? All yon can get is a series' of propositions abcu,t national education. . How does that help yoa to understand the Irish Universities?!' % .Her, visitor laughed, and put down tba book ; then she placed bar band within tbe girl'* arm, and they wont but for a 6U0IJ in tbe park, throu^rii ^be long warm grass, and golden biUoTeapa, and blue speedwells. ! ?' JJlii' ?*'-*--3 yon take«ncb a new interest in 'Jj'iA'ttics, Lady Bylvia?'' said Madam Mepbuto pheles, lightly. . 'I want to take an interest in what concerns co many of roy fellow creatures,' said the gul- eimply. 'Is not that natural? And if I were & maD,' 'b)io added, with some heightened color, *' I should caro for nothing bat politics ! Think of. the good one might do— think of the power pne might have, Tbat would be worth living for -rU»at would be worth giving one's life- for— to jw- aUo to euro some of the misery of the world, and raafco wise laws, and make one's country re spected among other nations, Do you know, I p&nnot; understand how men can pass their Iivea |B painting pretty pictures, and writing pretty yerws, when there is all that real work to be done ;— millions of their fellow-creatures growing np io ignorftuco and misery— tho poor becoming poorer ovory day, until no ono knows where tha irrolchddncRft is to cease,' Toes* wore fico notions to hava got into the head of fth ingenuous country maiden'; and p«r jbAps.thftt'. reflection occurred to herself too, for «ho suddonly stopped, and bor face ,was red. liut her hind friond took no notice of thia retir ing modcRty. On tho contrary, shV warmly ap proved of bor companion's ways of thinking. ; England was proud of her statesmen, The gra titude of millions wu tho reward of him who aevksed wi»6 sUtatag, What nobler vocation in Iifo could thorebe for a man than philanthropy exAltod to, tho rank of a ocionc*? But at tho gwnotim9' i ';, , - . ?'? tb\ic*,ix the same tim« « yoong girt mart itA fancy that all politiciau wmo p*triot0. Sametiw w it wfU tbe niMnor ambition* coanoeted v4U» solf (bat w*»' toi- owwion of great publio ' '?»..'?'?' ' c service. We ought not to be disappointed pn,di»- , ooveiing that our hero had somo earthly alloy ia his composition. ' : Indeed, continued this Maphtstopheles, thoro waB always a dangoc of allowing out imaginative conceptions of peopb to ran too far. Young per-; Bons, moro especially, who had but little prac tical experience of life, wore often disappointed because they expected too much. Human, nature, was only human nature. Lady, Sylria now, for esamplo, had doubtless never thought about mar riage ; but did she not know how many persona wer« grievously disappointed merely because they, had been too generously imaginative before marriage? . , . - . 'But how can anyone marry without absolute admiration and absolute confidence »' demanded tho girl, with some prido, bat with her eyes cast down. . : . And there was no one there to interpose, and cry— 'Oh,. i*bmao*, 'woman', comeiTrsray, and let the child dream her dream. If it la all a mia take— if it has to be repented for in hot tears and with an aching heart— if it lasts for but ft. year, a month, a day— leave her with this beautiful faith in lofe, and life,- and heroism, which may Boon; enough be taken away from her.' 