narcissi: at the theatre ROYAL. On Thursday Mr. Linmpier appeared as Namsso in tho drama of the same name, translated from tho German of Brachvogel, and in whioh Mr. Bandmanu made his ijclint in Melbourne some yeaiB aco. It is tho story of ouo Nar (11S30 Jtameau, an eighteenth century Diogenes, whose mind has been somewhat warped by the mysterious disappearance of the wife he adored. J4o has a profound hatred and contempt for tho Marchioness de Pompadour, the mistress of Louis XV'., nud allows himself to he drawn into a plot for her overthrow. On coming face to face with tho woman he is to help to hnrl from povfer he recognises hia wife. He gives utterance to bis joy in pa^ionate strains of love, which are, however, turned into fierce denunciations of hate and scath ing contempt ou learning that she is the notorious Pompadour, His wife dies in his arms, and the scorn for tbo living courtesan changes iuto heartfelt pity for the dead wife. The biting sarcasm of tho words dpokea by Jiuroisse in tho lirst net, when introduced to the gay assemblage of courtiers, was spoiled by the stylo of almost pulpit elocution which, ho adopted. In tlie second act there was a marked improvement in his performance. When for a, low momenta he pictured to hirp, eolf the presence of Imb wife, and conversed with licr aa in days of yore before their ae. pamtion, ho wne natural, and threw some thing akin to pathos into his voice. The scene with the porcelain Mandarin, when he affects t» olioit tha viens of tbe image upon the social evils of the day, was not without effect. ]n tho last act Mi*. Dampier fulminated his fierce invectives in a manner that forcibly reminded ouo of the painty days 01 the trau* spontine theatres pf London, when ' Bravo liiqks' was tho hero of melodrama. Mr. Hplloway walked through the part of the Duke de Choisoul, and looked nn unlikely a person to oonduot n state intrigue as could bo. Mr. Appletouplayedthepartof theCJpunt du Barri carefully, but betrayed a want of that ppll?hedeaao which aprofeasadcpurtlerpf the tin.'3 13 supposed to exhibit. Mr. l.awreuco was (puto heavy enough, for the heavy dragoon style of man ho mado the captwiu ot thu guard. Miss Carry George played tha Marctiiouesa de Pompadonr with vigor, but marrod the effect of the perfoi' manoo by the introduction of repeated vocal mannerisms. An Doris Quiuault, Miss Dpoy Stewart, if she did not make it a great part, invested it with, that kindliness of fueling and expression that form the leading features in tho character of tbo Queen's rearler. M198 Jenny Bryce, pftor a sciuiewhat uvatractfd absence from the Htage, re-appeared w the Marchioness d'Kpiuay. A portion of the snenery waa new and appropriate. A Ghost in unite of Himself, gave room for Mr. flreville to indulge in those peculiarities incidental to ' laughable farce ' that are in his hands always productive of .amusement. To- night. Kot/.ebtte'a drama The Strnpger will lie periorinetJ. The Mlnyip correepondent pf tbe Wimmera ,9/(17- writes :— ' The w«iithsr is all that can be desired, the rainfall ijopious, iiud. tb,e farmers naturally exultant oyifr the eroppeet of ' the opining season.' 