A MISERABLE- ghbtstmas ■ •••;; MY. . ; ' , Some years hnek—notso very'many either-— when I was the newest of new chums Into from IvOudon, ! had the misfortune, K-lng then newly arrived in Brisbane, '0 have the tip," a true tip, too, of ti newly-discovered gold-field up north, then only known to a fow knowing hands, amongst whom 1 could hardly reckon myself. I say " misfortune," because had it not been formy " very earliest information " j should have, gone northwards comfortably by steamer, .with the less well-informed herd instead of making for niv El Dorado by devious ways, resulting 111 u twelve huudrcd mile's ride on the sorriest of sorews, picked up a bargain of course, which were not even mettlesome, enough, to wear shoes. When I recall that undertaking f fully appre ciate the truth of the adage, that, " fools rush in where angels feur to treau." The gentle reader need have ho fear, however, of my inflicting on ! hjmn description of my nearly t hree mouths'ride through the bush in quest of sudden wealth. I will simply say'in tlie shortest, of couplets . 1 went for wealth, • ' Aim! lost uiy health. s No J the mere recollection of tluit bit of over lauding makes mo shudder. Sutllce it. to say that after, through sheer ignorance, roughing it in a way which would turn the most hardened hushnmif*s hair grey, I. arrived: at- my desti nation,a northern gold-field, which-1 need not more definitely indicate than by saying thnt, in my time, its town could boust several-streets 1 crowded with buildings more or less )>ulatial every other one being an hotel—-but which now ■ixjssesses.but a single building, a telegraph sti tion, in which the unhappy occupants have, from time. to time, to stand a • regular siege by the noble savages wbo infest the neighbourhood. : My ! object, in going, to, what we will cull Northcrton, won to buy gold—there were. no. banks in.tbut region then. I had the necessary knowledge of 'the business, and I fluttered my-, self that, I could tell bogiis. nuggets and brass gold dust from the genuine articles, hut I was not''successful in iny undertaking for all that, qiute 'the contrary, although I ; have the satisfaction of feeling that I was. never once, taken in—and for a very, good reason. 1, did not ..buy .gold,, simply because there was!'ho gold.,to- buy. The .field which, at; tlie best, only found employment for gully-rakers,- bad,tbeen worked, out . by the first comers long before I,witli my early inforamtion .and; circuitous .route, reached it AsT rode in,'the.hulkof the.population rode out, that is; those who . could afford the luxury, for it must be remarked that the majority of .the large', population—;there were • at ono. time four thousand, people on the field—were re duced to- that mode of progression which is most abhorrent to * all'. Australians—walking. X soon lost my horses—four of them—other wise I should have gone with the stream; and it was at the end of three weeks! hunt, during which I regained three out of my four "yarru men"—I remember, that we new chums invari ably used,colonial terms for everything—that I met with my wretched Cfiiristmas Day's adven-. ture. During my tliree . weeks' compulsory stay in the neighbdmrhood of Northerton, I saw the .wretched remnant of .^old- seekers clear 'out,! X doh't mean'.that I was'the only white man left. In the coiirse of scouring the country round I would ineet an ooca'sionul wight in. the Banie predicament as myself, looking for horses, and at these times we would .mutually give information'as . to the whereabouts of our, ani ; inals which; though weU' meant; invariably led us oh si wild gpose cli'iise.. There were also a , few diggers in. odd' places trying to make a, sufficient rise to take them down south. It was with a1 pair'hf sucli hopers.'agiiinst hope tlint my Ch'nstiniis'story has to do. ; ' 'As ray humble roof consisted of- nothing but "a' calico fly tent, ' I was in , the habit of shifting ..my... quarten»_ almost at a moment's notice, '^accordin" us, " from in formation received,1 fancied A ihight.be hear ^'e pashire's .which'my bnites 'were supposed to affect,5' My hist camp was on tlie top of the highbank'of tlie river which gives "Northerlon its nahiej and which", when I first set up my tent there Jcotddyboast'W^ house holds, or tcntholds; including one, party of higli 'liindbrs; whosc jovial '^nversation—the greater j»rt of which/. by-thb-bye, to "me,/asa 'sohthron, might just." as (weU; have been Greek,, beguiled ninny an otherwise weary, hour.'"-! 'remained .long enough, however, to! see 'the jgleaniihg* white tents, induced to 'skeletons, and invselfr like Robinson Crusoe, thc monarch of all I surveyed, that is; "on ihy side of the'river, which, I may remark. en'paisant,' whsonly a river on the lucus a «o»; lucendo principle of having no. water in it, except on those very rare occasions when it was flooded by rains to the very tops of its hanks. I' had' neighbours on the other side, however. Tliese were Charloy tlie Dane,.and Harry, an Eiiglishmah-r-I never knew them by any other names—who" lind located themselves in the dry bed juBt opposite my coign of vantage from, wliich"'I 'could, literally,' look' .down ujxm them; ' Morally,. I looked . up to "tlicm. . with iv genuine feeling of envy. ' Xlieir constant state of business was such 'a reproof to my ! idleness , that I occasionally, felt i as if I must throw myself upon one or, both of :t-hem tear spade and pickaxe away, and inconti nently scoop out the first lrnhdy*: gully. From earliest dawn to dark did tliese two men work, breakfasting before daylight, nnd.siippiiig after night had set iti. They had discovered a gully which yet "showed colour,"—it did little more, —and this'they turned over and "dry blew," there being rib water handy, until one would have'' imagined . that their Jungs must.have given out; ... 1 , V; In the very early 'morning, while I lay oh my back in a'stiite of drowsy contemplation, these two mien would uhsh up their, scanty utensils, and, shouldering thejr lools^ Jiuikc. their way to. my side of the river, climb .the steep bank, and, after remaining in sight for u few seconds, dis op|KbrJdown the ..side of a mine, and so;bc tako themselves to their 'poor gully some tliree quarters of a mile oflV Arid I will take this opportnnityiof. observ ing! that by 'imtrire.X am vmromnntie, not a ghost-secr, and an unbeliever in spiritualism. So imatter of fact indeed am i, tluit.I, should consider it hopeless to applr to any bench for a poetical license.! This observation is necessary, as otherwise what follows will only appear to other" mutter-of-fncl people the effect , of a: strong imagination, or Vtill stronger j dririk.' Drink, in . the nuti-Goori. Tern- : plftr sense, there Was none; nnd.my imagination, ns'.I liave said, had never yet played mc tricks. I T must further suv that the event I am about, to relate is not a mere, Christmas tale, but a genuine ' fact which ' will' never be .effaced from my memory, though X doubt my power to relate it in such, a manner as to. make the reader understand what my feelings were at the |timo. . . ' OnCUristumsEve,then,I wiis sleeping soundly in my tent, when X was suddenly awakened by a cry which seemed to muko my heart stand still. After a few moments, during which I felt almost paralysed, X sat up on my stretcher, buthed in perspiration.' As soon as 1 could recall mv scattered senses I jumped out of bed and going outside my icut', looked . around me. The stars' were shining brightly overhead, und there wis riotu movement'to break the stillness of tin? night. A glance, across tlie river satis-, tied mot lint nothing hud disturbed my neigh bours ; and I could only eoueludet ;iis was no doubt, the ease, that; wliat T hud hearil.wn* the I Aideoris screeching of some night fowl. 1 re turned to iny bed} but by no means easy in inv mind, my nerve* being quite unstrung, and 1 lay awake for hours with the screech, of that horrible bird of ill-omen ringing in my cars. And I saw a vision, or something to which materialists, perhaps, would give a much more commonplace naihe, and this is what I saw— saw as palpably as though it hud been broad daylight, and myself m my ordinary sober senses; I saw Charley the Dane. I say, I saw, as distinctly us I see the pen in my hand at. the present writing, Charley the Dane lying dead on his back in the ravine which lay on the right of my tent. There he was, a paipuble reality, against which I reasoned in vain. I argued to myself that if I could only get to sleep the horrible' vission would disappear.' I counted up to I know not how many thousands. I traced my way, in imagination, throng?! well remem bered streets in the great city which I had so lately left, but to no purpose: the body of the dead Dane always obtruded itself. At last, exhausted nature had its way, and 1 fell into a calm sleep, awaking, as usual, just in time to see ray neighbours putting away their breakfast apparatus. The sight ofthem in no way recalled my hideous waking nightmare, and it was with a feeling of agreeable languor that I saw the pair,' after shouldering' pick and shovel, not withstanding that it was Christmas morning, cross the river bed, mount- the steep bank, appear in my neighbourhood for the space of a second or two, ■ and then disappear down the ravine. When I lwd seen the last of them, I turned over on my Bide, determined to snatch another hour's sleep before starting on my monotonous horse liunt. I had scarcely, however, settled myself comfortably, before I heard hurried foot- j steps approaching my. tenty and almost'] before I could rise I saw the usually jolly face ! of my English neighbour at the slit of the tent —pale, haggard, and distorted, apparently, by some great fear. Panting for breath, he jerked out " For God's sake, come to the gully. I think my mate's dead." Before he had fairly got the words out of his mouth my'wakiug dream flashed upon me like a revela tion. Hurrying on my clothes, I' followed Harry to, . the ravine. There, at' the bottom, in the very 'spot, and in the ;very position in which I had seen him in my vision, lay the body of Charley the Dane. His gully-raking for a starvation wage ended , forever through the merciful means of apo- j plexy. . | .. ine only digging on n gold-field I ever at tempted was on this occasion, when the dead man's mate and I dug the lonely grave in which ' we laid, wrapped in a blanket, the poor remains of Charley the Dane. I could not pity the man who had been so suddenly robbed of lifel In uty then frame of mind I felt that he had made a gain rather tlian a loss; but for his bereaved mate—r use the word bereaved advisedly—I felt sincere pity. Such genuine grief I never saw. • It was of the kind that is not easily cured, and I have reason to know that in his case it never was cured, but that almost from the day of Charley the Dane's death, his long-while com panion, who had been the steadiest of the steady, became a confirmed drunkard, and an utterlv ruined being. • As regards the premonition I received of the event which I have related, I offer no opinion. I can only repeat, in sober earnestness, that the scene was enacted for me twice over. Psycho logists could, no *doubt, find fifty reasons'for the phenomenon; I cannot find one. 