(Christmas (Customs. Bt D. O'Dokovax. F B3TIVITIEP at the close of the year were first instituted by the ancient Romans. They were then called the Saturnalia, as Master Hopeful will know if ha enterls on his Christmas vacation with any knowledge of this history of Rome. They were also, called hbtrtai Dtctmbri—a name which indicates pretty plainly the month in which they were held. This holiday, whioh wa« a season of licentious folly, lasted for a week, and daring its ©ontinuanoe nothing was heard but the din of revelry, and the foul mutterings of unbridled excess. Onetenth part of a man's income was appropriated to this orgie ; all exertion of the body and mind was forbidden ; nothing was to bo read or recited which did not provoke mirth ; the slaves were al'.o wed the ntmost freedom with their masters, and in the midst of all this disgusting indulgenoe, strange to say, the holly-branches were sent round on their friendly errand from house to house. This.lhowever painfull/ it may clash with the reverential aflfeokioi we have for him, is the ignoble origin from which dear Lid Father Christmas is derived. The Saturnalia introduced into Britain by the Romans soon became intermingled in that oountry with the ceremonies observed by the Druidsiat the same period of the year, and subsequently became incorporated with the wild and grotesque mythology of tbe Saxons, and with many of the uncouth anil Ijiarbarous customs (if the Danes. After these latter came the Hormans, bringing with them additions to the Christmas observances iu the rudiments of mysteries and miiacle plays, and of mummeries, masking* and pageauts—in fact, all the better and more lasting popular amusements of the sensor.. Christianity, too, which had already reached tbie British shores, and which had adopted the old Rom,in holiday as the time for the celebration of the Nativity, whiie it withered with its breath the more hideous pra-.-tices of our pagan ancestors, cave a new and a ori^Uter colour to what then became in a certain fce the great Sabbath o{ the year, the tirst great Christmas, iu its more of which wo read, wm cclo _ — •>« 11.. nud wr.s it up iu exactly the tame style by his lionci successor, as appear* from :he " . old is a time full honest. »!:v Kkhnril it honoured with grtet lost-: ; . :.:i v;i:kt and barouna '^ i.-'L iii i:i their jiavylouns, A:.': trrTfi with grtt pleme jl :i;cte Mi'l drinte and oiu_'h diiintie. : Chrif.mas observances which most lecially remind us of pagau times are the |y pnpn':.r nuns of hauling up the niif.U- : • : hurtling the yule-log. A Word j 1 i;: b'jih of these. f.'e nil know that the mistletoe wa? i.tl-: Jtpeciai reverence by the Druid?. >vh- :n j woodland rites gathered it with r. ! i sickle; but what will perhaps us new 1 T£ i *-, tl i e „? Uai " t ° Ki i :„ ,, .v " 7 T ; —v*'. in the northern Olympus is the god of |ry and eloquence, and second son of i and Friga, haTing fallen into a nap like a ile mortal, was terrified, notwithstanding jodship, with a most significant hint, in form of a dream, that his davs would be numbered, and the Walhafla would nd with his songs and speeches never- On awaking it appears his firs: ight was to run, like a well-trained youth le was, and relate the fearful circumle.to his mother. Friga, as may be exid, was thrown into a most extraordinary rr by the story of her dutiful son, and red the heavens and the earth in her JUS excitement, asking all the powers of -e that she met, and all the plants and |als that she came across, to take an oath the spot that they would do no inj ury to ioy. When this was done, the blubbirpollo seems to have plucked up courage ;h to lak ® his place in the combats to i brother divinities were, according to iuaviati notion*, so much hicliue'. A illain, however, whose name was Loake, "ho was a sworn enemy of Balder, r»- 1 to discover the means by which he :en rendered not only courageous, but ler.ible, and taking an opportunity of ig into chat with Friga, he so palavered "od old lady about the valour and good e of her son that he completely won :oufitieuce of the poor, simple soul. It was that she avowed to him the in. nee with , which she had passed over i'-le plant when she was soliciting such In promises from the more distinguished Muals of the vegetable kingdom. Loake ply enough inquired the name of the it question, and having learned that it feeble shoot growing OD the bark of he treaoherously ran and procured ustletoe, from which he formed an as well as he conld. Thereupon, 'g the assembly of the gods, he endea- 1 to induce the blind Heda to shoot 1 weapon In the direction in which stood. Heda consented, and Balder reed and slain in accordance with the fe of bis dream. custom of stealing a kiss from the lass caught under it has done more, howto make the mistletoe a favourite than ] 'egemds that ever were recited. lUt on this subject, I may mention that per plants most used for Christmas |«on are holly, bay, rosemary, laurel T, and sometimes cypress. In Oxford, strange usage prevails with regard to least of the evergreens here enutne- It is the duty of a man-servant iu large house to fetch the ivy required occasion. If he neglects to do so, alty inflicted is the greatest which ingenuity can invent at such a merry The maids - not only steal a pair of leches and nail them to the gate of the •Hit, worse still, he is deprived of the l&ry; privileges of the mistletoe, a ' which it Is horrible to contemplate I of the female "slaveys" had been l»'y disturbing the tranquility of John s 8 impressionable heart. These emr Candlemas "Haw/tlm (the OnA PoVn-no> February), — » i u - 'ents should on no account be kept p'ule-log, which also, like the mistle- toe, is an indubitable relic of pagan times, lis an enormous block of timber, generally ltho.tu:up oi a M^.tr.o, wJaioUform. the IL'nnstmas Are, ana which, were it only for , .its pleasant music as it blazes and crackles i 'in the frosty night, must remain for ev»r i|a:i item in the programme of an English liChrlstmas. It is Customary in some parts . jof England stili to have the yule-log drawn l !;n triumph from the woods, and as it passes ialong, accompanied by the strains of merry jmusio, each w&yfartr; raises his hat to the Ihuge child of the forest that is chosen for so sacred a purpose. The reason of this act ol reverence is to he found in the fact that the lame of the Christmas block has a peculiar ttiicacy to burn ous old wronce and heartburnings, and tiieWuor which it causes to l>jbble in the waajail-bowl is quaffed not tarely to the dr.iwniLg 0f ancient feuds and animosities. Wiienkhe log is placed in the kitchen a yu'e-tonj is sung by some one ftanding upon'it. it is th-£ put upon the it of mauy curious and and fire set to it with -a lighted remnant jf la,t vear s log which has been carefully careful!* preserved nmwrJ for f,.-ri,. the purpose. It used to be regarded as a sign of very bad luck if a bare-footed person, one who squinted, or a flat-footed woman, entered the house while it was burning. An accompaniment of the yule- log, that should not be otoitted from any notice of Christmas customs, was the Christmas candle, of monstrous size, which was formerly used in England, and etill in Ire'and, sheds its light on the festive boards. The mummer?, or, a« they are styled iu Scotland, guisere or guirards, who occupied a [prominent pla-.e in the Christmas ivvel of ol^en times, are also, if not of pagan, at least of very ancient origin. There is no doubt but mumming was customary in Pagan Rome, and the name shows it was not unknown to the Danes; but it is probable that the peculiar development of mummeries which took root m England, and which we assooiate with the name of Christina, must be content to boa't of a Aormau de-ceut. The mummers used to wear strange ia;wks over their faces, and w«sre dressed in the most exaggerated and fantastic costumef. In this way they went from place to place with music and flags, jumping and gamboling, and otherwise indnJging in the most extravagant drollery that the crowds' who followed them could wikh to see. Stov describes a remarkable mummery in 1377, made by the citiiens of London for the ditport of the young Prince Riihard, son to the Bitot Prince. These markers entered tie palace-hall, where they fenited aud danced with the Prince and lords. The graud and social performance of the mummer* was the .^presentation of a species of j drama foundt'. 0a the time-honuured legend of St. Geoige aud the Dragon. Lads dHssed in appropriate costumes, amengst which Turkish turbans and pasteboard oaps, white trousers and coloured ribbons, are most conspicuous, sally forth, and at every hospitable bouse in the neighbourhood claim the privilege usually accorded them of the admission of St. tfeorge and his "meny mei." Henry VIII., who demolished so many venerable institutions, issued aa ordinance against mummeries; but the mummers are even to be heard of still in some of the Remoter districts of England. Ip former time« It was the custom, not onl£ at court, bit in the house of every nob? .emau "of honour or good worship," to appbint an officer who, under the title of the Lord of Misrule, took upon himself the direction of the sports; ana some idea of the license of his reign may be gleaned from the manner in which he entered on his duties. This he did by announcing to his temporary subjects that he absolved them of all their wisdom, and that they were to be just wise enough to make fpolg of themselves, and no moije. This functionary wa» also in some cases styled the ".Ybbot of Unreason" and the j" Master of Merry Disports." Bnt under whatever name he was known he was the high-priest of fun uad folly for the nonoe. Wonderful things are told of the Chri S&inaa; fare: which belongs to the olden days. AmMigst the >uo uiou'js dishes peouuar peouliar so to sue the season, season. 7 the . ,1(boar's head at^ns to oo have linTc been ixjou held aoka in ia 11 Vi^v,....~ it 13 J 1 1 r highest honour, iieralded by the sound of tranjpets, it was cacried on a lordly dish into the banqueting hall at the head of a noble prooession, who. sang as they advanced— QifrVi Apri de/ero JUtjUUn* lattdts Domino The boar's head iu hand brinp I Wich garlands gay and ronemarj; 1 pray you aH eing merrily Qui eitu in ccnvivio. Next in importance to the brawner's head came the peaoock, which was generally served iu a pie, at one end of which the painted plumage of his head and neck was seen protruding from tbe crust, and on the ether gorgeous brilliancy of his outspread tail. Creese, capons, phe&iants; drenched with amber-grease, carps' tongues, and the national dish, furmante or frumely, formed the hucnblor viands of the occasion, aud mince pies found also a place amongst the peouliar edibles of the ancient Christmas. The Puritans did much to deprive us of most of these ancient gastronomic customs, from some inexplicable connection whioh they imagined to exist between them and the old religion, against which they waged such unrelenting war. Talking of the Puritans, it may be well to add that, at the Reformation, the Lutheran and Anglican churches retained the celebration of Christmas and other festivals, but the Calvinists rejected them, absolutely denouncing the observance of all such days, except Sunday, as superstitious and unscriptural. To show their oontempt of the "halie dayes" observed by the English, we are toid that the Scotch ministers caused their wives and servants to spin ia the open air upon Christmas-day, and the Lowlanders have ever sinoe persisted In slighting the festival of Christmas, and have transferred all their mirth and jollity to New Year's Day. Amongst all the venerable and cherished ueagea which hare oame down to us, there is none perhaps more charming, more touching iu its sweet aud simple poetry than the practice of singing Christmas oarols to celebrate the nativity of the Saviour. Few things can be more pleasing than to meet a party of children trudging through the village street, and making the morning; air resound with their clear shrill voioes, as they salute the return of another Christmas in the gratefnl or jubilant language of their unpretentious ditties. It is not, however, in the streets only that carols are to be hearrd; sometimes every member of the family is expeoted to sing a carol or to pay a fine in oase of failure—something like a praotical exemplification of '' No song, no sapper ; " and in ancient times It appears that servants of great houses prided themselYes on their skill in caroling. Akin to the carol singers are the units. These are companies of strolling musioians, who, at the approach of Christmas, wander abont the streets daring the night, and play any tunes which may haopeu to be popular at the time. At one tiui-; the nam-j of waits was giveu to baads of minstrels au»ch<»l to the court; afterwards to gleemeu who strolle-i about from one festival or tournament, to another. Since then they have been civic servauts, known under the title of " Lor l Mayor's music-men," whose duty it wa< to guard the streets at night and proclaim the hour, but now they are free sereuaders, " whom nobody owns," whose notes may bo none of the most harmonious, and whose time may be rather indifferently kept, but who are not the less welcome on that a^oo.iat. Their cracked trombones and squeaking violins are surrounded with such pleasant associations, and they seem to signify so piaiuiy the good wishes of the poor midnight artists, that no genuine lover of Christmas oouM find it in his heart to be < ritical upon their r traut?. Lt is no wonder, thei. if"the waits aro lii. ira ly rewarded when they call soon after Ch: istmas at the houses of the itihabi'aut* for ".heir customary donations. Pautomime. which is now so peouli.-j-iy associated with Christmas, may. like ail other things connected with the ancient festival, lay claim *"i a very distant origin, having been invented by no loss a persoija^e than the Roman emperor, Augustus. It must be confessed, however, that the butterslide aud the red-hot poker are of a later date, and the first trace of harlequin is to bt> lound in a tragedy whioh did not appear tili after the revival of the drama in the fifteenth century. Pantomime, as we knew lt, was first introduced into England by Mr. Rich, the famous manager of Covent Garden, the manager whose name is so Inseparably linked with the " Beggar's Opsra," of which lt was said that it made Rich gay, and Gay rich. Late, however, comparatively speaking, as it has oome amongst as, pantomime has taken a plaoe in the English Christmas which lt is not likely to lose for many a year to come. Tbe games which are oommon In England at this season are so old that no one seems to know whenoe they are derived. Blindman's baff, puss in the oorner, snapdragon, and the game of questions and commands, are perhaps, the most popular. It will, no doubt, be neoeaaary to aiiude mere particularly only to the last two. In the game of questions and commands, the commander may oblige his subjects to answer any lawful question aud make them obay him Instantly under the penalty of having their fooes blackened, or any other forfeit which he may think fit to imgosi. In snapdragon a quantity of raisins are plaoed in a bowl, and brandy or aome other liquor is poured over them and ignitod; the bystanders then endeavour to seize a raisin from the flames, and as this requires some courage, aud is often attempted with considerable awkwar4aess, thr- proceedings ar.: >;ciierally attended with a goo I deal of hilarity. rttory-lelling is ofieu a i".-»r„ ir;--c i-nuscmeit of Christmas time.'. Ami what wonderful storiCB ! stories of fairies, of a',', in which we have the pigmic-s of old ri iing on ram-back: troldes of tho iK-r'.h, the iiwarfs of the romauoc-rs, the Dai iii.-slico of tile Highlands, tho Bansh.,-ed, the Pliookan ami the S'.iofroa of Ireland, the M.ib.s, the Obirons, the Titania». A n l let i; not }),• thought that fairy-tales .-re without [heir moral. The oxatnples of iliese dapper li'.vo.-, has done muoh more than peoplo think, perhaps, to liia'te men more cheerful ani m.-.i.is more happy. They arc the first ri^i.-nr society on record for the promotion -v.id enoouragement of neatuea*, cleaulims.i -,n.I good housewifery. They were besides, tho oritjnal improvers of dairy produce, and they were bankers who lent on terms which it would be now rather aitfioult to procure. But they are all gone, and we may sing with jolly Dick Corbatt :— Fartwell reward! and fairien, Good hoUMwifec now t.ihv- pay ; For now foul slnui in dc;ri<k Boa (ara aa wall as they. And though they aweep their htarthj no 1ms Than maids wero wont t/t do«, Tet who of lat« for cteanllntws Finds sixpenoe in her ehoe ? Ghost stories are also in muoh request at Christmas, aud told, as they generally are, in the later hours of the evening, when the dyiag fire sheds its lurid glare but half across the floor, and th« midnight hour is approach* ing, and the walls are enveloped in shadow, and peopled with the creatures of the imagination, the terror with which they inspire the youthful mind Is never wholly to be forgotten in after life. All Christmas tales, however, are not of the supernatural kind. You may also on these oocaslons hear wondrous aocounta— Of halls and chambers rich aud rare, Ot valONis knighte and ladies fair— And of all the daring feata from those of Jack the Giant-killer to those of the Campeador who fought against the Saracens, ; from the deeds of British prowess to the I high and wild warfare that for centuries { male the rivers run with mingled Caitiliau i and Moorish blood. i Of charades, the fashionable drawing-room I amusement, which has of late years been Introdnoed, I need say nothing—they are suffi- | | ciently well known to my readers. These, j with Bong, and dance, and joke, aud riddle, I generally make up the whole round of enjoyments between the intervals of feasting at j ; this happy time. I Christmas-boxes and New Year's fifta noed ; no explanation cither. The youth of Australia, and the postmen, and others, have already dUco/cr-d the mcauia^ of those : p: •s.s.vit at: ri'?n*:*.s on the ^ea-ion. ''.-•- f'-ii V; u, fesuv.v of confectionery . w: ij 1 -.-.in j :.". >r • b.-igiitly on the Infant ! ' .an the :uirn;j of E'.Jorado, is the last of ir. :'iirisi!fl'u !> jli-'ays, and is one of the . tiivrr.vt 'if thjia ali. At tho rery mention o£ ilr. :.-. u i wdpir :s of b.vlcy-sugar, what of pancriites. expand bofoni the mind's o.v! of tho juvonilo ; what a worid of . que*-:!- •nice.'', and pulfi and loninges op'Jn to hid \\!»:iial garo, becoming to him what Atn-r l was :o Sir WaWer [{aleigh—a fairy . lan.i, vi Ataiautij, L't)[)ia, the tuwn'im | 4o;*u. i it hi-i idea! b:is«. The snowy surface i "f twelfth ciita :-T:uidi.'r to his thinking | tl.au Tiaiia C'l.iiu) pr-iouU to him a field of ! c\ -i:u -ro«l a:ii opulent delight, that dazzles : tk-i>SL-:id»s and converts his fancy into a ma;ic lantern, rctluoiiu^ a lon^ succession of sweot and ! ;sci:)us ina^niticcucc. The peo:i!'ar custom of the ni^ht, however, is that by whioh a kiu^ aud queen arc chosen. That " visi-m of dolight," the twelfth cake just mentioned, oontains a pea aud a bc.vi mixed with it3 more toothsome ingredients, aud, when the slices are distributed amongst tho assembled party, whoever has the pea is the queen, and whoever has the bean is the king, for the night. There are many superstitions c> inected with Christmas besides thr-ie on which L have already touched, but there is only one more to which I thiuk necessary to allude. It is that which mak^s it peculiarly lucky when Christmas dav falls on a Sunday and the reverse when it oocurt on a Saturday. Amongst other blessings which a Sunday Christmas was supposed to bring was a singular good fortune for the child who should be borne on that day What chylde that day borne be, A great lord h« shall be.5 On the oontrary, if the anniversary happened to be on a Saturday— What woman that daye of el.ylde tratay'.e, They shall be borne in grew nereile, The Intermediate days are for the most characterised by a not unpleas.iut uniformity of propitious augury ; so that, as the present Christmas falls on one of these, my rea lers need have no fear that any misfortunes are awaiting them in the coming year, In Scotland, as I have already said, the festivities which in tho rest of the British Isles cluster around Christmas are transferred to tiie end of the year, which period is styled Hogmanay in the " Land-o-Cakos.'' In the Scotch festival the most peculiar feature is that of carrying the kettle of warm spioed ale romnd to the houses of one's friend*, aud by this means giving and receiving in turn the pleasures which are so characteristic of ! that hospitable raoe. In inland I i^now of no customs different nuii'n;^'. pr .Tin•••: •In-v. and' ; will! In lie'll i.y » : • kmLle, V. i . m - chiiii:.'.;.- .v' iiive co.i I : : •• 1 • i year. I !.;•,•>..•••.-r lie fiutU a ill::, r •• *h*j .k:;>_r. < M Year ir.i-: -: ..f their |,rv.v;. • • Burcht'.n r./iu ;-: •• l'r.i6Sl N" f '.».t ; =r aud iju^i It* and i i"' early iiioi'.nn.; u i:: lu iSwif/ei-'an I with ;:.,r.is I. o-vi, luly liie '.'-.i n i W every liom \ .vol amount l i,t v.•« ;o their in.i->:-t .it: ta»y !«»»••: .!.",!• <• r'rauco :•••! = ;•;:., uuii -ix: . v.- V, E never cue yet who was no' I) ; tntm up. i. Tar and thread. To Ti.l:! V::.-.-s. h by railway. If >• : • yon will have b it iittif ],••?.- liretiv certain to yu •• a •',-.•>,•'.. If you wi.r.11 . : • . h point of paying i n • ': wild Oits, a lo'iif. t:.e •-•-. rows out of jour _-»r ^u.-.rdiu' it : If not yo:t ••. ..! litt'«i feathered traitor.- ;.. spe-;Jy method of obtaiui.-.. i. • get your wife s mother to iiv.; will ot require muoh ••. so muH yuu reap ; but y.. wir- sew. Mi :,ia:. N" i r».-- A .":! c:.- - l i-v taking ti^e ketti-.- 0:1 ••!. If VOUl.^ la'lj" I': .'-. ' it :h not a .-•ympti.M i: v. ,l!i v.-ry !:•.:"•• osoon. iii.y. An KI^IITU Colli: ir. • pulioemam A HEiP.TLESS l?:llelljk marrie<l man has three perio bliss—when his first l.-jy is 1 eldest daughter is married, mother-in-law dies. " LETT£!:•<' 1'K.'.' Said I, " r.-u-'. i: Some i: E. And 1.0.1". i il t Thu? E.r.s-.'.vrt-1 •• A :>.t 1 .i H- I'd soccer C You to ti.e i • -- ll:-;|"s roKTHE Hi:.: :."••'•'.. proper 'or a mar:: :y t I gentleman who :; :..it 1 drunken man • :t .. j volunteer sergeant . ;..-.:.. ; arc told fr) ''set-to p-.rti: -rs | tc- niiv.l that partr.-.-.-e :. •.:'. - When a lady says that ..• r full sue means tl.:»".:»-. fa: •'•- • there is room for •• one - -: : room. ''Oh, f.B L'.:; :•' whore the lK-sr: can n .'. • r . far as 'daiuiug is e - :.i i fashionable you ma-.t cm • out of thi: u-.'.iw at; :t if t Dance of Ueath— ;.:.•: -•>l. -..: reel. lii .11 : :: dor, iiy meiins cf tb- ui-i rich liian. lie a».w r...«s . . .. has a crest of t'.o-i-U i-.... known proverb—'• Ma , THE CHRISTMAS WELCOME. ' 