THE MURDER AT NORTH-WEST RAY. The inquest touching the death of Laurence Fallon, whose body was found in a hole at North- west Bay, was resumed on Saturday last at the Police Office, Kingston, before the coroner (Mr. Robert Williamson) and a jury of seven, of whom Mr. Boynton was foreman. Mr. John Swan, In- spector of Police, was present at the inquest. Mrs. Shearan, the wife of the man who is supposed to have committed the murder, was present in Court in the custody of the police during the whole of the proceedings. The following additional evidence was taken : Elizabeth Young, wife of Mr. Young, and residing at Poverty Gully, North-West Bay, deposed that on Tuesday, tho 13th inst., she had seen and recognised the body of Laurence Fallon, On October 5, witness was sent for to attend Mrs. John Denehy, and had occasion to pass the hut of Francis Shearan. She saw what was called a torchlight, to which she drew the attention of a boy named Albert Williams who accompanied her. This was about 4 o'clock in the morning. This light was between Shearan's and Fallon's huts, at the back of Fallon's hut, and distant about 250 yards from witness. Witness remarked to the boy " I suppose Sheeran is after his cow." Ou Tuesday, 9th October, about 10 o'clock in tho morning, witness passed Shueran's hut, The dog barked, and Shearan came running from the direction of where the dead body was found. He spoke to witness, and appeared to be greatly excited. In reply to witness he said that his wife was not as well as usual. However, when witness returned from Denehy's she called at Shearan'and saw Mrs. Shearan, as she appeared to be as well as usual. Witness thought it strange that Shearan did not address her in his usual man- ner. On the same day in crossing from Shearau's, witness was in company with Shearan, and going towards her own house, when he saw a bit of torch on the road, and appeared alarmed, remarked, "Hello! who has beeb here." Witness replied, " Oh, that was Albert Williams and I coming up this morning." On the 3rd November Shearan called at witness's place, and said there was a lot of holes at tho bottom of his place which he in- tended to fill in, as some of his heifers might get in. Witness's husband was not present on that occasion. On the morning of the 10th November Shearan came to witness's place, and asked her to write to the General Post Office for an unclaimed letter for him. Witness promised to do so. He appeared to be anxious to get the letter, and said that when he got it he would leave the gully for good. He asked witness "if they were going out any more to search for Fallon," and witness replied that they would be sure to go out searching until something was found of him. Shearan then remarkedl that he would not go out any more. So far as witness knew there appeared to he an angry feeling between Shearan and Fallon, and witness understood from Fallon that Shearan had given him some soup and tried to poison him. On Sunday, 7th October, Shearan asked witness to go into his hut, and when witness went in he began to speak about a report which, was in circulation that he tried to poison Fallon. He spoke in an angry manner and said he would not speak to Fallon again. Witness believed that the angry feeling between the twvo men was caused by that report. Michael Minahan, a boy about 15 or 16 years of age, deposed that he lived in Poverty Gully, North West Bay. On the 13th inst. he saw a body at the Morning Star Inn, but did not know it to be the body of Laweuce Fallon whom he knew when living. He saw George Levan in the stable on the same day that he saw the body. A little more than a week ago witness was requested to look for two heifers belonging to Laweuce Fallon. He went on a hill known as Denehy's Hill. When he was on the top of the hill he saw Shearan cutting off a log, and when he got down the hill he saw that Shearan had cut the log off, and rolled it in a hole. Shearan told witness that his heifer had got into that hole, and that was why he was filling it up, While witness was in conversation with Shearan James Levan came up and said to Shearan that Mr. Stuart and constable Finn wanted him, and were down at Lawrance Fallon's house. Shearan carried the saw and put it behind a log near Shearan's house. Witness took the axe, and put it near Shearan's door. Witness saw Mrs. Shearan on that occasion ; she was coming from the cow-shed. Witness also saw a handspike lying near the hole. Shearan would have had sufficient time to cut the log off and roll it into the hole while witness was going down the hill. By a Juror : Witness did not whether this hole was the one out of which the body of Fallon was taken, nor could he say how long it would take to walk from Shearan's hut, but he had to pass through cultivated ground to go from Shearau's house to the hole James Levan, a youth residing at Poverty Gully, North West Bay, deposed to having, on Tuesday last, seen the dead body of Laurence Fallon at the Morning Star Inn, Margate. On Wednesday, the 7th inst., witness was requested by Constable Finn and others to look for the body of Laurence Fallon. Among other places they went to Fallon's hut, when Constable Finn desired Witness to go up to Shearan's hut and ask him to come, down to Fallon's place. Witness accordingly went to Shearan's,but found the door locked. Witness called out, and fancying he heard a dog bark in the direction of the paddock, he went towards the paddock and met Shearan's dog running from the direction of where the body was afterwards found. Witness then went further down the hill and saw Shearan and Minehan stand- ing near the hole in which the body was afterwards found. Witness told Shearan that Countable Finn wanted him, and they then went back towards Shearan's house. Witness saw a log in the hole, which was the same in which the body was found. Shearan told witness that he was filling up the hole because one of his calves had got into it. Shearan went with witness as far as Fallon's hut. On the way down, witness saw Mrs. Shearan near the cow- shed, and she called out something, but witness could not hear what she said. Shearan sent Minehan back to Mrs, Shearan, On Saturday witness went with Constable Finn and Mr. Stuart up to Shearan''s house. Witness did not tell the police about what he saw on the Wednesday, but he told Charles Meredith. On the Saturday witness accompanied the constables to the hole, and after pulling out the boughs- and turning the log over, they cleared the hole out, and eventually found the body of Laurence Fallon. By tho foreman : During the time they were digging tho hole out witness did not see either Shearan or his wife. He saw Shearan and Constable Finn start from the hut together, but witness went on ahead with Mr. Stuart, and did not see anything of the others. Witness was positive that in digging the body out the spade did not strike the head. By the jury : The log was about 13 feet long and 2ft. 6in. through. The hole was about 6 feet deep. It was fenced round at the time they went to find the body, but witness did not see any fence on the first occasion he went there. George Lavan, a farmer residing at Poverty Gully, North West Bay, deposed that he knew the deceased Lawrence Fallon. The last time witness saw him alive was about a week before he was missing. Witness had since seen the body recovered from the hole near Shearan's house, and could swear positively that it was the body of Lawrence Fallon. By a juror : There was some ill-feeling between, Shearan and Fallon. Witness had no reason to suppose that Fallon had any money about him, but he was not likely to be a man short of a few shil- lings. Fallon was probably about 65 years of age. Patrick Finn, a constable in the territorial police, and stationed at Margate, N.W. Bay, deposed that he had seen the body at the Morning Star, and re- cognised it as that of Laurence Fallon, better known by the name of " Old Larry." A report was in cir- culation that Fallon was missing from his usual place of abode, and witness, after making certain - inquiries, made a report to Mr. Chief District Con- stable Stuart. On the morning of the 10th witness went, in company with Mr. Stuart, to Sheeran's hut in Poverty Gully. Witness asked Sheeran if he had heard anything of " Old Larry, " and he said he had not. Mr. Stuart asked Sheeran if he had seen Larry's ghost ; and he replied, "No; that where a man fell there he lay, and that was the last of him." Witness told Sheeran that he had made a bet in reference to his (Sheeran's) gun, witness object being to induce Sheeran to let him have the gun so that he might see whether it had been re- cently discharged, Witness did see the gun, and also the extont of Sheeran's ammunition. Mr. Stuart asked Sheeran if there was not a hole in his garden, and Sheeran replied that there were several ; that there was one into which his caw had fallen, and that he had filled it up. They borrowed a spade, and while Mr. Stuart and young Levan went by a short cut down the hill towards tho whole, witness and Shearan followed the track, also going towards the hole. Shearan walked in . front, and after they had gone about 200 yards he made an excuse to go into the scrub, while witness walked on to the hole. In less than ten minutes after he got the hole witness and Mr. Stuart began to be suspicions about Shearan, and they went back to where Shearan had turned off the track but they could not find him, and had not seen since. Shortly after this they went to Shearan's hut and there saw Mrs. Shearan. Witness asked for her husband, but she said she did not know where he was. They then returned to the hole and succeeded in finding the body. After having washed the body, witness searched it and found the papers produced (mostly receipts) but did not find any money. The left side trousers-pocket was turned inside out, and the right shoulder of the waistcoat was cut or torn. Witness did not know whether Fallon had any money, but he was said to usually carry a purse next 'his skin. 'Witness desired to add that after the body had been discovered and while Mr. Stuart went to got assistance to raise it, witness kept a look out, and he saw Mrs. Shearan pretending to drive some cows, but going round and round near where the body was found, and keeping a watch on the place. At this stage of tho enquiry the Coroner adjourned the further hearing of the evidence till Saturday morning next at 10 o'clock. 