. beechworth wesleyan sunday- il SCHOOL ANNIVERSARY. The twenty-third anniversary of this flou rishing Sunday-school was celebrated by ser vices on Sunday week, when the congregation was addressed both morning and evening by the Rev. J. W. Crisp, of Albury, chairman oi the district, and by a tea-meeting on Monday evening, followed by a lecture from the Bamu reverend gentleman. The tabies, which were laid in the school-room for the tea-meeting, were well supplied and nicely served by ladies of the congregation, there being about 150 persons present, and after tea the meeting adjourned to the church to hear the lecture on " Success in Life and how Attained," by the Rev. J. W. Crisp, and also some very excel lent singing by the choir and sohool children. j.ne secretary, Mr wm. Dal ton, in aadition to his other labors, officiated »it the harmonium, and Mr John Taylor, superintendent of the school, was called to tbe ctuir, and most warmly received. The proceedings were opened with a hymn by the choir and children and a short prayer by the lirv. Mr Urquhart, Presbyterian minister. Each part of the pro ceedings was followed by singing, and a hymn was also sung during a p .use in the lecture, which was, however, considered to be the piece ae resistance of the eveuiug, ser. speeches being Toted out of place on this rpecial occasion The CHAIRMAN having explained the order of proceedings, called upon Mr Dalton to read the annual report, as secretary, and sIbo the balance-cheet, in the absence of the treasurer. The report was as follows : — " The twenty- third annual report of ibe Ueechworth Wes leyan Sabbath-school, for the year ending November 24ih, 1877 — The officers, com mittee and teachers of the Beechworth Wes leyan Sabbaili school in appearing before you this evening, on the r- turn of their annual meeting, uave to congratulate you on the increasing prosperity of the school, the anni versary of which we are met to celebrate, and also to devise means of carrying on the work through the present year. We are pleased to be able to report a slight increase in the number attending the school, and hope daring this year for the co-operation aud assistance of parents and friends by sending their chil dren regulariy to school, when we will en deavour to find suitable teachers for them. I will not detain you with a lengthy state ment of figures, as it has often been said with truth, that they may be made to prove any thing, but will call your attention to the folio. ving numbers in attendance, as taken from the school roll : — Last year's report gave — male teachers, 11; female, 8. Total, 19. Maie scholars. 78: female. 114.. Tomi. 199 — against this year — Mate teachers, 11 ; female, 7. To al, IS. Male scholars, 80; famaie, 116. Total, 196 — with an average attendance of — male teachers, 8 ; female, 6, Total, 14. Male scholars, 53 ; female, 67. Total, 120 — compared with last year — Male teachers, 7 ; female, 6. Total, 13. Male scholars, 46; femaie, 63. Total, 109 —being an iucrease both on the roll and in the average attendance. We are extremely s -rry to have to i' port the less by removal to Melbourne of our ,te secretary, Mr James L. Bowen, after many years of faithful service as librarian and secretary of the school, where he has always shown by his unwavering attention to his duties how near the work lay to his heart; but we must remember that our loss is another school's gain, and perhaps he has gone to a place where his services may be eveu more valued than they were here. During the year the school has been under the management of the following officers: — Superintendent, Mr John Taylor; Treasurer, Mr Tozer; Secretary, Mr Bo wen; Librarian, Mr t. . Dalton; Visitor, Mr -S Gaylard — till last month the resignation of Mr Bowen was accepted, and Mr Wm. Dalton elected in his place, while Mr Thos. Dyson succeeds to the office of librarian. We have much pleasure in reporting that the teachers and scholars still manifest a great interest in the library, to which we hope to make an addition as soon as possible after these services. We have adopted the system of printed cards and catalogues, by which a great deal of con fusion is saved, besides the books being kepi in much better coudition than under the old system. The juvenile offerings to the Home and Foreign Missions have been made with even better results than last year. Tbe amount collected this year was £14 12s 6d, against £8 9s 6d last year, showing that the scholars took a great interest in the work, for which we should not omit to mention they were handsomely rewarded by the com mittee in Melbourne." The balance-sheet showed total receipts for the year derived from collections and donations, the latter amounting to £lo 3s out of £34 13s 5d, which had all been expended except a balance of £1 2s 6d. — Both the report and financial statement seemed to give great satisfaction, being received with loud applause and adopted with acclamation The Rev. j. W. CRISP, who on appearing was greeted with applause, said that however satisfactory it might be to the other clerical gentlemen who were present on the platform to hear from the chairman that they might enjoy for that evening the happy conscious ness that they had nothing to do except to listen to him (Mr Crisp), it made his heart go pit-a- pat to learn that he himself had all the work to do, and he assured them that he was deserving of all their sympathy under such circumstances. He assured them he felt himself in a very trying position in being thus surrounded by so many divines and so many ladies and gentlemen who had nothing at all to do except to listen to him. (Laughter ) His position reminded him of that of a medical student, who, on being examined for bis diploma, was asked to state how he would treat a patient suffering from fever. Having written out a mode of treat ment, he was asked if that failed what he would do, and wrote out another, and then another, and was again asked what he would do if none of these plans succeeded ? "Well, he was naturally greatly nonplussed, but . after some reflection he at length answered, " Why, in that case, gentlemen, and as a last resort, I would bring the patient before this honorable board of examiners." He felt something like the unfortunate student, and if they were not satisfied with his efforts he would simply invite them to step on to the platform, and stand before the board. (Laugh ter.) He proposed to direct their attention to the subject of " Success in Life, and how to Attain it." He would not say that any of the ministers present thought, but some did think, that clergymen travelled outside their functions in discussing such temporal sub- j ects; but he, for one, had no sympathy with those who said that ministers should only deal with things belonging to the moral and spiritual world. He thought they were all hound, young men especially, to consider some of the. secrets of success or failure in life. He thought also it was becoming in ministers to get the young men together on week days, and give them the benefit of their advice and experience on this all-im portant subject. He had the honor to be president of a Young Men's Association at Albury, and he took it upon himself to ad dress them on this same matter, and indeed his connection with that association was the origin of the personal remarks he was about to make. He would, in the first place, like them all to understand that he was the friend of the young man, as then he could with more likelihood of success give them the result of bis experience. He did not pretend for a moment to be what persons self-styled themselves, an angel of the church. When one of these self-elected persons announced himself as such to the Rev. Mr Jay, that gentleman passed his hands down the man's back, and when asked what he was doing, he simply said, " Well, as you say you are an angel, I was just feeling for your wings." (Laughter.) He (the speaker) knew at all events that he had none, and they were all physical beings allied to a physical universe, and so long as they be longed to that physical world they ought to he at all events human. For his part, he could not merely give them the dry sawdust of dogma. He believed with Dr Young that their existence was but the dim dawn of a brighter day. In this life they were but in the embryo, and they must wait till they hurst the shell and sprang into the life of God Eternal. (Applause.) If they wanted to study success ia life, every young person should specially attend to his, physical con stitution, for so keen was the 'competition in trade, and so hard was the race of life, that unless they had full , measure of health and strength they must Snevitably he outstripped in the contest. John Knox was in the habit of speaking of his body as a miserable carcase, hut he (the speaker) did not think it right to speak disparagingly of the temple of the body — the temple of the Holy Ghost A man must attain healthfulness and vigor if he wanted to prepare himself for the battle of life. They should take plenty of. exercise. They should especially go in for ablution, for which they had now every facility in Beechworth. He himself had a good diD in their plunge bath that morning, and he felt all the better for it. Let them abstain from everything that was prejudicial to health for God had established certain laws, and they could not violate these laws without meeting with corresponding re tribution. Let them not indulge in any vicious habit ; so that, according to Solomon, this might carry length of days in their right hand, and in their left riches and honor. Especially let them avoid the curse o f alcohol (Applause). If be had his way he would briug every young man, and every young woman, too, to view with abhorrence that insidious power — that great national evil of intemperance, — and to kneel and swear be fore high Heaven eternal enmity against ac cursed drink. (Great applause.) Again, he thought that cheerfulness of disposition had much to do with success in life. He believed in a good laugh himself ; and Dr Lardner told them that the most successful men in life were almost invariably happy, cheerful, kindly meu. He, for his part, would not like a doctor, for instance, to enter his chamber, if he were ill, with a long aud doleful face. He liked a man with a bright and cheery aspect ; and, if they desired success in life, he believed this was by no means an unim- portant oonsideration. They should do every thing they undertook cheerfully, and with a will. Suppose a young man in a workshop, when directed to do anything, was in the habit of pulling a long face while he set about, it, he would not be likely to recom mend himself to his employer. On the con trary, he would attract the attention of his master by doing his bidding with a willing countenance. An American writer says : " To give a boy a good address and accom plishment, gives him the mastery of fortune wherever he goes. He did not mean that he should be dressed up in that outward politeness of a Frenchman, which was sym bolised in the taking off your hat to every man you met, but that he should carry with him a cheerful and complaisant disposition, having respect for all men — even for the Chinamen. (Hear, hear). Let them re member what Burns said : " A man's a man for a' that. ' (Applause.) Let them respect the feelings of every man — no matter what his opinions — with whom they came in con tact. In this way they would improve each other, just as the pebbles on the sea-shore were ronnded aud polished by contact with each other. He believed in mutual inter course ; and the ladies especially had a work to perform in this respect, as their influence was paramount in rubbing off the rough corners of humanity. (Applause). Many young men who talked common sense to other men thought it was the proper thing as soon as he engaged in conversation with a young lady to talk all kinds of rubbish and nonsense to her. He could not see at all why this should be so, and they might believe him when he said that the youag ladies did Dot by any means take it,as a compliment to their own understandings' Indeed, he had heard young ladies declare that they despised young men who treated them in that manner. They ought on the contrary endeavor mutually to improve and ameliorate each other's character. Some one had said : " Woman without man is a savage. " (Laughter ) Rut the proper reading of that was : " Woman ! without her — man is a sa vage." (Hear, hear.) The noblest thing which God had ever created was the mind of man ; and in the present day there was no excuse for any man growing up in ignorance — such were the opportunities, every young man had now to obtain a knowledge in all ordinarily current literature. They must gradually unfold those mental powers, which lay dormant as the leaves of a rose lay folded and latent in the bud. TheEe powers would not expand with out an effort, nor must they rest upou the patronage of a brother or a friend, but man fully help themselves. A young man, a farmer, once asked his brother who chanced to be a bishop, to make him a great man. The bishop answered, " If you had asked me for a plough or for a yoke of oxen, I could have complied with your request, but, as to making you a great man ! Why a farmer you are, aud a farmer I must leave you !" A black coat and white cravat, would not carry a man into society. A young man without cultiva tion, once acted upon this delusion, and went to a grand dinner party, dressed in the height of fashion. He managed to simper through the feast holding bis tongue, aB the various dishes came in. At length there were brought in some Yorkshire dumplings, and not being able to contain himself any longer, his native vnlgarity broke out in the exclamation, " Ah, them's the jockeys for me." (Great Laughter.) Let them cultivate their intelligence by all means, and they would naturally attain good manners. He now came to the moral nature. If they wanted too accomplish success in life, they must in the first place start with fixed moral principles. They must acquire a truth ful and upright character in all their basiness engagements. Let these principles be fixed like a mass of granite, and not unstable like a heap of loose stones. Let them be men whose opinions were not to be bought, and whose principles could not be tampered with— let them be men whose brother men could place in them implicit and unwavering confi dences. But above all, if they desired to achieve success in life they must obtain mastery over themselveB. Just like a man driving a coach, it was essential for him to have a perfect hold of the ribbons, especially if there was a flighty horse in team, bo a man must have control over himself, especially over his monster passions. Man was of two natures — physical and mental, — and he would always feel that the miud was ever supreme, and that every member of his body obeyed his will. It was not within the province of humanity to exterminate the passions which an all-wise Providence unplanted in every breast. Nor was it tbe object of religion to exterminate them, but to subdue them. The passions intterrulated and nncontrolled were like a flooded stream rushing over a precipice — power running to waste— and spreading deso lation as it went, bnt which, when brought into subjection, might be employed in sawing timber, in grinding corn, and in many other peaceful and useful industries. So also were the passions desolating and destructive until they were brought under the subjection of the glorious Gospel of Jesus Christ. He remem bered on a former occasion that his friend the reverend Canon Howard in a lecture on Benjamin Franklin said that the secret of that great man's success in life lay in the self-cultivation of his character. He himself attributed his Buocess not to his philosophy, not to his eloquence, but to the fact that his fellow countryman had placed confidence in his character. (The choir and children then sang " Up with thy hands to Jesus," and the reverend lecturer resumed.) He said he would now come to the question of £ s d— the question of material property, and he would not detain them very long on that subject as their time was limited. And after all the question was not how many acres of land or how much money a man was to die possessed of ; nor whether he became a justice of the peace, a member of Parliament, or one of a Ministry. No ; the real question was, " What was the man's character ?" For he maintained that that man was a failure in life, whose success was calculated by what he had and not by what he was. The more he lived the more convinced he was that their Heavenly Father, all-wise as he was, was a Constitutional Governor, and that the mau who recognised his laws, whether of nature or religiota, that man only would be a success. The man who violated these laws must of necessity bea failure. A Christian man might obey the moral laws ; but, if he sowed or reaped at the wroDg time he would lose his harvest, while the infidel who obeyed the physical laws in this respect would gather in abundance. God was not the abitrary Being that many sup posed. Disobedience to his laws, whether moral or material, brought its own retribution. "Those that honor me," he said, " I will honor." They must above all things in studying suc cess, get rid of the idea of patronage. There was a great deal too much of that at home, but happily they could do without it in Aus tralia. Any young man with health of body and strength of mind, might consider that he slatted in life worth at least a thousand dol lars. For would he allow a surgeon to cut off his hand for that amount, and had he not two hands which made him worth two thousan dollars, and did ho not value his mentt faculties at another two thousand? Ths made him worth 4000 dollars to start wit without having to depend upon his grand uncle or any one else for a legacy. (Laugh ter.) No, every young man had wishii himself the elements of success in a soum mind, within a sound body. (Applause.) Le them all have some settled aim in life and no simply vegetate, and lead a vegetable ex istence. Let them have some end in life Let them endeavor to realise to themselvei their relations to God and to eternity. It wai a grand thing to pause during the pilgrim ag< of life, and ask themselves "Who am I?' Snail I hear the judge say, " Well done thor good and faithful servaul." God did not intend them all to be ministers any more than lit meant them all to be musicians or artists. They all had their special aptitudes and there was work for all. No man could swim unless he threw himself into the water and struck out for himself. That was determina tiou, and determination meant success. The lecturer here related some anecdotes, showing tbe early tokens of a determined character in Benjamin West. God, ho said, imposed on them all to earu their bread by the sweat of their lirow, and he did not know where tbey would be unless they had work to do, but they must remember that : — The hills were m-ide for man's mounting ; The trees were made dense for his axe : The stars were made for his counting ; And the sands were tn de wide for his tracks : Tae set was made deep fur his diving ; And the poles were made wide for his sway ; i.ut nobly ne lias proved by his thriving, That where there's a will there's a way. He would now only ask them to take a fair, comprehensive aud honest view of life, and wou:d conclude with these lines — I live for them that ore me, For them that count me true, For the Heavrn above me That waits my coming too ; For the cause that needs assistance. For trie wrongs that need resistance, For the future in tbe distance, For the good that 1 can do. (Loud and long continued applause). After a collection, which was considered satisfactory, the choir and children sang "Joy- Bel Is" very sweetly and effectively. The liev Mr KNEK proposed, and the Kev Mr U QUKART seconded, a vote of thanks to the ladies for their nice tea, aud to the choir, which was carried with several rounds of applause. The Rev. CANON HOWARD, in a very- humorous speech, proposed votes of thanks to the Kev. Mr Crisp for his very able and interesting lecture, to the teachers, the officers and Committee, and the Chairman of the meeting. The Rev. Mr DYSON returned thauks for the officers, Committee and teachers, and the Rev. Mr cltlsf and Mr '1'aYLOR for the vote to themselves, and the meeting broke up. 