. CHAPTER XII. A FABIttONAIIÎ/K TARTY. . There was a large and fashionable attendance at the party given by. tho Honorable Augustus Alfred 'do Lolmo Montague Mont St. Gen-ais at his resi donco at Toorak, thc night after tho groat division. _ The Hon. &c;, &c.;,' (so his face tious friends .called, him) was ii great man at party'giving. It was all that ho could do. He was a member , of. tho' Upper House, owner of alargo nurnbos of stations and proprietor of . innûmerablo' sbarea in banking and other companies, , and also owner of a Dundroary crop of whiskers, an afïocted stammer and a "fashionable " wifo. .Party-giving was' the "passion of their lives/,,. Fashionable society, inoy bo said to bo merely in'ita mc'eptiv'o'stago in Mushroom City, but-the Hon. &c.;, ¿cc., justly looked Upon himself us the.inceptor. Being himself a high Church of England man,- and related to a ' great English family, tho ; foref athers of .Which carno over' with " \yilliam' the Conqueror," ' dn'd obtainod a sharo of tho spoil, because' one of 'ita lady members yielded to tho wishes bf a relativo of that imperious . Norman, therefore'ho.'felt himself to bo | tho creme tl¿ la jereme. But the . Hon. ; lite, waa not above inviting all kinds , of persona, if they han wealth or position, «ni therefore it was that he had invited to this party.'Mr -Hugh. Cumming,, and tifst most , earnostly. . lt may .be just as \v$Û bo understood thrt ho looked forwurd^ro hoing appointed to represent tho Cu taratan; (Jovcrament-; ia tho-tipper Hoy^e. =BÜí perhaps after;,all Hugh should not consi der himself greatly honored inasmuch as Air and Mrs O Pug and , their promising son were .amongst tho guests. . :;. The lion. &clj.; «Sc., pridedr: himself _oñ ? not giving,stiff partses. -'.?On therpresent occasion the proceedings bogan with l a very substantial, dinner, after.M'hicli there was some music in ' tho gardens, which i worojht.up-by tho,,glorious.-moon, that I slimes sa'T08pIondidiy iii' ÜuTifóra. Kate, i Cumming had never before baan at a: failiipuabjo bull ; indeedj-. sbo.^bad,. never b«3tí,'at ..any. festivities.cf.- any morajnt. ^Vhen.a'girl she. had n' brîof . period of Wild ^dissipation,; When, little, daifces' used to. bo got-, np by the young' pcdplo on JSw'aary Cfre'efc, .but With tijera nor .gaiety ceased, and. her lifo had boen devoted'to toil, lt.Waa, flierteforo, with considerable trepidation and shrinking thataho attendee?, sustained, however, by"th.o pï'eséàeo,. df . her brother,' whoso'1 coolness arid ^présence of mind'in the midst of such gram! people completely astonished her. Thora, waa absolutely no spirit in Kate when. she.Ira held the gorgeously arrayed Indies who sat down to'dinner. .' ' r '.. , ' ,'; ; Her dreams of grandeur appoaaed to bo moro than realised. Tho glittering 'chan- ? déliera, the floods of subdued ' light, tho flashing gems, the splendid drossas,. tho beautiful faces and glowing forms ; were these not. realisations of the Arabian Nights of her youthful dreams? And-she, poor humble Kate, who had worked and starved in her youth, was permitted to sit down amongst thoeo;good people, these mighty mm au.l woman t Sha owed ¡t all to nor brilliant brothor, and ns sbo looked across tho .table and saw. him" sitting next to tho magnificently, attired Lydia Manton; in .whose hair gleamed y ricelcss diamonds, Kate gave hcraelC up to a transport.- .. "Tho idea of such soup," said Mra. OPug, who sat next to Kate ; " why, MOBS me, .it's lull of them macaroni .things, which I never could, abear." Kate collap sed. This vulgar remark, this .vulgar language, dissolved her dream, as quickly as tlie overthrow of the.basket disenchan ted Aiiieschar. Thesa people were only common clay af ter. nil. .Kate regretted this.' Sho;;wOiild hav'o liked to have dreamed.on, iorid 'imagined that everyone there was-great, good-, und intellectual, above tho moro patty details of tho constituents of. the soup. .-? Hugh-Cumming sat on tho left hand of tho .boat,".while Mr. Skimfin was on tho right, for. as yat ho waa chief. Cy tho Bid« of ri ugh waa Lydia, bright and beau tiful as nu angel, only sho partook of tho first course with a good appetite, which told that she was considerably mortal. She looked splendid indeed, triumph heilig imprinted on ber brow. Ti ,t how. was it that occasionally u slight flush would rise to her cheeks, only perceptible to those who closely observed, her? Because, o.-casionally her eyes would stray to the side of the Hon. Mr. Skimfin's oldest daughtor, where sat in all tho radiance of his magnificent youth and beauty, Frank Lester," the cynosure of evory eye, but who bestowed no attention on any ono except Miss Lydia Manton. The young man's heart was burning within him, tho. volcano of love waa soothing and bubliug,' and elïorvorc^ng. He was mad at seeing his Lydia seated by the side of Hugh Cumming as his affianced bride. Ile would have given neaven itsself to ba in his position. How little' did Miss Margaret Amolia Annabella Skirnfm think of this, when sho glanced around thc table proudly, as mnch ns to say, " I have, for beau tho richest, the youngest and handsomest lover in Auri fora. "She would have boen taken down savoral Wooden pegs in her own estimation if sho could have read Pcank's heart. Mw. Skimfin was eqnully satisfied. Sho partook of tho delicacies providod largely, and heaved a sigh of relief as she finishod a toothsome morsel and glanced at thc youthful pair , who sat besido her. Her daughter would bo married to the most desirable match in tho colony. Who in that giiy assembly thought of tho poor governess who had diod for tho love of this boy, or her wretched mother who was now raving in the Lunatic Asylum. Oh I no, tho ghosts and tho dead, and the un happy stul ked not through those ' illumi nated Halls. --.'...' : Pleasure and beauty reign supreme; ; And dresses rustle, diamonds gleam ¡ ¿While eyes and wine are sparkling bright ,* Reflecting back the chastened light. ! It 'waa after; dinnor/however, that the real business 'of'the night bogan. The 'company 'strolled out into tho garden, and walked to and fro in tho spacious grounds, or strolled into the conservatory to soo tho ni.uht-blowing cereus, then in .bloom, and .tba .immy other rare and precious plants, with'wax-like blossoms and leaves. Hugh .had soen that Kate'was provided for, having arranged with two elderly | gentlemen and lady friends of Iiis that she 'should never be left alone. ..Kind, good peoplo they were, who at once took an üv ;terust.in Hugh's amiable sister; and wera so pleasant that Kate soon felt átense in their midst. Besides, sho was aa object : o £ ? attention to e very ono, ; as she was Hugh's. sister, and rminy_ sought Höf ac quaintance, who othorwiso would have turned away from hot with contempt; ' Hugh and Lydia wandored «¡woy. into a secluded park;- where tho íuoóribcáni's in vain attempted to penetrate a thick cyprus grove. Hero tiley. sat down on jt garden seat, and - for a while fully enjoyed tho rapture 'of love. Away from """rank's fascinations/Lydia's affection for Hugh was all powerful. Sho rovellod in tho ! proaent and in dreams of tho future, . 'While thoy wero enjoying a_ few mor monts tJg'other boforo the dancing began, j Jíiss Skimfin' arid Frank vv'cre walking on tho lawn in tho moonlight., frank's thenights wore far, very far away, indeed, j but he thought it would be just as well to keep his companion in conversation. What do you think of pa' being do-' j fcated after all !" asked the young lady. I " I glover 'dreamed líugh Cumming I wouid~uUccccd," Toplietí FranK» , " Oh, ho will not be successful vcr'yf ! long," said Jrfiss Skimßn:scornfully, "you know be's only an adventurer'.- I heard pa Brty'that there is a dark blot on his'past, life and that whou it is' known- hq will ba ! thrust out of society and legislature." . { frank started. Hero waa u pose'Me . «sansol salvntion'.- . j ? Ked having been educated in ott honor'- . nblo achoo], he gave way at- once to thc feelings of hia heart, and resolved to éeizî &<tjMft.ai QDCo, If there was a blot in this jlrWfio^KP^i^l^Ä^-^ld .he- not ^gjüffiy mm m Skimfin. ." In goó<I~mo, iib UoubtT Fsj knows how to do those things." J " Yon promise then, Lydia, to become my wifo the day after I meet Parliament ^as^Pnmo .Minister *ef Aurífera?" said Hugh, preasing-VLydia's hand.- :. ? ; ;-.' 1 "I;do,":Âè replied'firftiïy.' .' . _ ':: [' "Ho^took herto^his,heart, and kissed ber in a delirious 'whirl..of love.- ; * '. . 1 '*?; ; They rosé nowl and rejoined the. other gU'estsWho' We'rq ontho" lawn,'listening 'to [ the baud. ? As soon as they came up, Mate took Hiigfa.aside ferr.!a'' inomenC'" It- was evident thut "she waargrcatly excited.'^1 ;* " Well, líate, what iaït asked Htígli/ " Yon'seem agitated." ?" '/ - '?'- v !' I "amy Uugh,";said she' « ''1 haye*, had a revelation,'though I ain almost afraid tb trust my. eyes.!; ;As wo were walking néar the fnihriga/a gi'fltleman "paascd by. '. He stopped ia look inj- 'and I thought I recognised; lnrriv It might bo fancy, Hugh, mere-fancy, but I thought it was Harry, you know." ' ; . . . . . . _'.' ..' . , Hugh's fuco was'far paler tlian Kate's now.' . Tho'intelligence "seemed ' to'stun him.1 fBut ho recovered quickly. " ; ? "You must have been dreaming,'.Kate: He diedj'ears ago.' ' : ' ;', '* .' He turned round to soe if Lydia' Siras .there.-. Sho was not. He looked round f oi lier hurriedly, but it was ovjdont that slie had gónp away. Ho felt uneasy/.' Ho had good grounds for hw unoasincsB.^ ;! '' '"; Tho moment Hugh had boen token! out of the crowd by Kate, Franlt hurried to Lydiu's side. Boforb she could rembn-, «trato, ho had .taken her hand and drew, her out of tho crowd. : ^ '' .' " Come, Lydia, como with me," said Frank, : binding his face" down to her ; tf_I won't to Bay a few words tb you." " ! .^,'7.'; Nb; no, indeed I will not," said Lydia,' resisting, yet evidently willing, with all her native coquetry ; ''I'll not go." '' ' ', v But ho drew lier arm firmly within'1 his, .and lcd her into the shadows. ' ' f ; Ho led her into the shadows . where the' : moonbeam's did not fall, where nb one would interfere with thom. ' :: " Why havo you brought mo herc/', asked Lydiai,'Who whs most pleasurably excited,- for this kind of thing was suited: 'to her tcm'p'cfffmcnt. , "BecaUso I love yori, Lydia,' just as weir as over-^-indeed more. I ' want to speak ta you before you become another's." ? Still he- hold her hand, and electric thrills passed and ropasscd between' thora, "' ' " lt Í8 useless ," said Lydia. I haye promised ta marry Hugh, and T love him. I db Jove him',1' she added in an . expostu lating tone,: as if someone was contradict ing her. . '. . ' . " And ha3 all tho love you once felt for me died ?" asked Prank. , ' : ' " No, no," stammered Lydia-j " not all, but lové was only a girlish passion, ', / '..' ." And this tt matured and ripened love, . Dor.'t deceive ^yourself Lydian Compare Hugh Cunirrting and: Prank" Lester and seo Which of the't wo merits a woman.- I am younga Tieh; possibly hand some"-he said this m ai peculiar tone "and you have known mo from childhood. What is Hugh Cumming ? Certainly ho is" not young, ' ho is not rich, although ' he' mvy be handsome for his timé bf life. But vhat do yon know of- bia past? Ho", was a stranger to you until a year or two ago." " I know this," replied Lydia,' with spirit^ " that he is not a conceited boy, and ; ho commands thc respect and admiration^ of all for his abilities', and that 'he' has1 risen to tho highest position in tho ' land. If this is all you brought me ont hero for, lofmo go-I don't want to bo tdlkod to in this way." ''" '? "No I want to ¿By mofo ta you,"* said Frank. "It is useless," W8B tho reply, "T like you, Frank, no: woman could be insensible to your fascinations, but 1 know this, that wo would never bo happy together.- Wo aro too handsomo, we have been petted too much, wc worship ourselves to too great tin extent, to be oblo to sink self in the great uníoíi Of matrimony, But in Hugh I am confident of a husband who will bo tender «nd true to ino, .while I can ever look up to him'as a higher being, which will humble my Vanity, and make me a better woman," ; Frank did not gnash his teeth, that manifestation of feeling being coffined how to thc pages of highly sensational novels," but ho swore inwardly, and felt as if he' could have done something rash and desperate. ' : " I toll you that you ore deceived in this man,", ' he ' said with a.' violent 'effort. ''There' fa a fal at,- u darle blot oil luV past. Jife, and unless you take caro,- you \vill; know of it too late." Lydia pulled her hands out of his, and ?' drawback. For a moment doubt and; suspicion were working in her mind, then indignation!came to tho rescue.'' '.t " 1B it for you fo tolk of blots on mon's lives?" she asked, 'with o grandeur of' bearing, a Nemesis like tone, " when.thero is ono upon your own past which' nothing' can ever wipe away,- when at j'our own; door lios a murder 1" ':'.':;.' lt waa now Frank's turn to stagger back, aghast and horrified.. \" ' '; , . ' .', : " Lydia, this is going too far," ' said he;" " Í. have committed no murder. A woman weakly and foolishly loved me, though - she must have known it was madness, and because- tho natural sequence came,'she. committed suicide. I might have been weak and yielding, what youth ot'my agö would not? But I did not dream what. tho end would be, I did not think, of' it.,r -.-.'. -.; ;; - - '.. -:??.-> ' j " Then may not this blot to which ' you 1 refer in regard to. Hugh bo of .the' saine ! nature?" asked Lydia. ".*'". . . ¡ ' H*>"""\UL. >< «iXi:«.í -C.«,.t. ' « t ,n>nl tionett it only .in the frantic'despair-of my groat love." '.'' '.'"'- ''j " Yet y ott did not hesitate to phw' tdd' ïago-,"ond poison my mind against ïïu'gh.' Yon coiild not have thoaight of' tho' fatal ' effectsof suspicion, lt kills love. ?! dos- " prise you/' . ' ' ' ' "." ? soy that.: Consider tojwhat, extremities, love - will go; It hath driven ino mml."¡ lía . advanced,' and ' despi(o\ her' efforts seized lier; in his arms. She could hear the throb, throb of ilia heart. ïïis linnda were ns molten heat. She' could not escape from him. Ile' held her An hi vanns. ;as . if she were-a mere child. ¿ _; .is. . " You must love nie," said;-tho passion ate boy. " I cannot see you his wifo:.-Be Ssjjpe^kydin;-at least put oil this marriage nigfrt ar^erjje^u'e^^ 1 "?Then he'll no ver meet it, tiraâl^^i " not if money and influence can keep I him put. I am: not aid enough to put up as a candidate myself, but -I wi'I find a mau .who y/ill contest "Wattlo Grully with him toi tho'death,and I will supply him .Äitlrunlhnited;rmeaiss.; 'Jfhero, Lydia -, I throw dbwií. ¡the- gage, and see if your champion will.take it up." ... IJ.-Ù . j r: (ÎTi> be Continued.), . 