Tales & Sketches. A CHRISTMAS PAWT0WM8. Bir W. H. TaAttL. My Uncle Trotman did not treat us harshly. By 'us,' I mean myself and my cousin Samuel. My Undo Trotman was in the oil and color line, and also of late fears had added artists' materials to his stock, and did a little in the picture-broking way. Ho was considered, I believe — not that these things troubled me much at the time — a warm man. His regular business was that of a decora tire painter. Sam and I were ap prenticed to him, but with this dif ference that Sam, who was my Uncle Trotman's brother's son, had nearly served his time, having been with Uncle Trotman ever since his father died, six years before. As for me, I was not a Trotman. My father had been an artist and hod married Mr. Trotman's sister. When my father died he had left to my mother the re version of a reasonable life annuity, which had enabled her to keep mo at school till I had turned seventeen. After that I had ayear's idleness maki ng up my mind, or rather not making my mind up at all, as to what profes sion I should choose. So when my poor mother died, and her annuity expired with her, my mind was still in a stato of deferred construction. I dabbled in art, and had also written gome verses, which my mother con sidered to have the true ring of genius, and a small edition of which a pub lisher of the highest taste had, on these indications of dawning genius being submitted to him, volunteered to publish for £70, paid in advance. My mother and I were well aware that fame, an immense sale, and rapid pros perity would assuredly follow publica tion, but the annuity would not stand £70 cash down, and we ascertained by experience that publishers whoso : taste was equal to publishing at their .' own risk (even when offered a full i half of the assured profits) wero not easily to be found. But of course we were not surprised at that. Almost all our favorite authors — take Thackeray for instance — have shown \ that publishers, as a class, are mere : clods, dull mechanical tradespeople, ? who never recognise geniuB till its ex ' istonce is thrust down their throats 1 by the acclamations of the multitude. 'Wejcomforted ourselves a good deal (my mother and I) by considering the ( bitter regrets which would wring those dull, and often derisive, persons to whom my works — we always spoke of these verses as my ' works' — hod \- been submitted, when my day should come and all England ring with the name of the new and brilliant poet. By-the- bye, I think I have|not yet ; mentioned my name — Robert Landell, at your service. Well, when my poor mother died, I all my property consisted of my 'works' in manuscript, and sundry paintings in oil, copies of some by my father, which hod to bo sold to pay funeral expenses. These copies of mine were offered at the sale also, but I bought them in for a mere song — lesB, in fact, than the frames and can | vos had cost me — and I remember t that I was deeply touched at what I regarded as a delicate attention of the I .persons present at the sale in ref rain I Ing from bidding against an orphan I and a youth of genius for the first I fruits ot his pencil. It was the auc I tioneer who gave me to understand I that this was the reason of my secur I ing them bo cheap ; but I remember I now that he winked to his clerk, and I the endorsement of his sentiments on I the part of the Jew brokers who at ? tended the sale was more boisterous I land jocular than consisted with such I delicacy of sentiment towards orphaned I genius. The auctioneer was a Jew I ilso, and I can recollect that when I I feelingly expressed my sentiments on I the subject of his kindness to my I eousin Sam, who was present at the I iale, remarking that euch kindness I tvas unusual from one ot the race to ? ivhioh Shylock had belonged, Sam said ? that it was a Jew tTesprit. I My Uncle Trotman hod boon really I ittached to my mother, but there had ? wen some coolness between them, ? )wing principally, I believe, to a sar ? sastic manner he had of referring to ? pay pictures and my ' works.' He ? had gone so far on one occasion as to ? rnaak of the first as ' daubB' and o ? fee Utter as ' balderdash,' and had ? ieen almost rude to my mother when I the applied to him to advance the £70 I vhich the solitary appreciative pub ? usher had stipulated to have ' down' ? wfore printing an edition. I Nevertheless he took mo to his ? aouse after the funeral, and for a I uonth treated me with realconBidera H ion. At i the conclusion of that B -eriod, and about the time when I had H ot rather tired of inditing laments H ind had made some 'progress with a H Philosophic, poem in the style of H rtijiWa 1 Night Thoughts,' and had H itQopDtA off into an ode (to Jemima — H Jnole Trotman's good-looking house ? said), he. camp into the parlor where H was writing and broached the sub ? ect of my future career. , It was ? ftther it dingy room, that parlor, and ? btWirstO^ttiattberewMablotoh upsnt a bed-room jug overhead. 1 was engaged in eyeing that blotch, in poetic abstraction, and despite the direct connection betwixt it and Jemima, was finding it very barren of inspiration, when my uncle entered, and. occasioned my suddenly snatching the blotting paper to conceal my ode, thereby overturning my ink bottlo and spilling its contents. My undo looked a little grim, and muttered something about it being small odds which method I took of scattering good ink, but when he oddrnsBed him self to mo, his firBt words were : — 'Well, Bob, you'll have to be putting your shoulder to the wheel directly. You have your way to make in the world. How do you intend to do it ? Let's have your own ideas, my boy.' I was not altogether unprepared for the question. In fact the subject had frequently been discussed between my mother and myself. Taking advantage of an expression used by my uncle, I replied — 'You have just hit it, Uncle Trotter. I propose to let you have my ideas, and not only to let you have thorn but also the whole world. Here, uucle, are some of my ideas woven into a form which I think will secure for me not only a living but some measure of fame.' With these words I hastily handed to my uncle a sheet of manuscript containing the opening of my master piece, the philosophical poem, and awaited the impression which a perusal of this — tho crowning glory of my muse — would surely havo even upon an uncle ordinarily difficult to please. Tho expression of my uncle « face was not encouraging as ho took the sheet from my hand. But I had not expected that it would bo. He was prejudiced, I knew ; I simply rolied on tho superior merit of this latest of my productions, the outpourings of a heart wrought upon by recent and deep affliction, to change his opinions and enlighten him as to the reality of the talontn he had so long refused to recognise. I was delighted to see his face, from an expression of impatience change to unmistakable astonishment ; but I was utterly taken aback to obscrvo as tonishment give place to indignation and contempt ; and whon at length my uucle burst out into an angry fit of laughter I could stand it no longer, but starting up, demanded what he saw in tho early efforts of a natural poet to induce him thus to insult mis fortune. Instead of replying, my uncle coolly began to recite from my manuscript — Relenting fate, fatigued with woes, Has softened at my sighs ; And gives, to heal iny bleeding wounds, Jemima to my eyes. Oh ! let the nymph my sorrows rout, And make grim care to quail — My uncle drew a long breath, and then proceeded in the most unfeeling manner to complete the couplet which his entrance had caused mo to leave off unfinished, with impromptu lines of his own — And mop my tears up with her clout Or catch them in hor pail ! My evil star had caused me to write tho ode to Jemima oil the back of the first sheet of my great poem, and in handing the latter to iny uncle I had necessarily placed the ode in his possession ! He had scarcely concluded his atrocious jingle when he lapsed into prose of an equally objectionable character. ' So, sir,' ho cried, ' you arc not merely a dolt, but you would wish to bo a libertine ! A Beducor of scullery maids ! You give your ideas to the whole world! Bettor keep them to yourself if they are all as per sample. Pretty airs, sir — very pretty airs for a fellow not fit to carry putty to aglazicr, or smudge a wall with a first coat !'? Taken thus at disadvantage, I need scarcely Bay that my aspirations were unheeded. Of the pursuit of the muses I dared not speak another word, and when I mentioned high art my undo sarcastically agreed that 1 should enjoy that by painting walls on the top of a laddor. It was in this wav that I became apprenticed to his trado. My budding passion for Jemima was quenched by the unfor tunate issue of its first sighs. For twelve months I had to devote my attention to decorative painting, and shared a room in my uncle's house with my cousin Sam. On the whole, I believe I gave satis faction. Uncle Trotman, once ho had got over unlucky firet impressions, approved of my progress, and said that I would turn out a better decora tive painter than Sam. I had, be said, some originality about me. I sketched out new designs, and ven tured on combinations of colors and novel effects which pleased him, while Sam, although more dexterouB, was a mere copyist. In that way he sur passed me. It came natural to him. He was, for instance, a splendid pen man, and in time did a good deal of the book- keeping, and became a sort of confidential clerk to my uncle. Nevertheless, he seemed to think I waa too much of a favorite, and showed a good deal of jealous feeling when 1 got praised. You see Uncle Trot Oia ym M old towhdor, »a4 Ghun and I we.-e the only relatives he had. 8 im w.ih xhrcwd, and didn't like tho idea of sharing the inheritance. Jieing cousins and about the same - age, however, we wore very good - friends, and a gre.it deal together after working hours. Amongst other methods of enjoying our evenings, or, rather, our nights, tho theatres of course had a turn. In fact, they had more than a turn, for, happening to visit, in search of variety, a minor thcatro on the Surrey side, we found an attraction which drew us to the same place night after night. It was a shabby little theatre, quite outside the ranks of houses of estab lished fame. The charges were on a special scale, highly — or rather lowly — suited to the pockets of 'prentices and shop-boys. For admission to the pit tlie price was sixpence ; stalls — which had a grcasiness about them strongly suggestive of their being butchers' stalls — were a shilling; while the dignity of the boxes, which the management audaciousl}' described as tho dress circle, was attainable at the extravagant rate of a half-crown. It was from one of those last stations of dignity, resplendent with all the glories of purple cotton-velvet scats and Dutch-metal gilding, that Annabdla Dclavillc, the gifted English juvenile actress — as per handbilL) — broke in upon my life. She struck us both — of course I Bpeak figuratively — at once. I scarcoly know how to describe hor. But do not imagine that it was a padded, ogling, raddled old harridan, made up (o look young and killing, that sent Sam and myself out of our senses. \Vo had gone through a course of theatre*, and had faced plenty of that sort without much damage. Anna bclla was — well, a bright, fair young girl, slightly angular in figure perhaps, .as if. usual with a girl not far in her teens. Blue eyes, shaded with long brown lashes, and I may admit a touch of rouge on the fair check, and a shadow of artilicc in tho dark line under the lower cyc-lash. Stage effect demands these sacrifices, and 1 protest that Annabclla was naturally so lovely that to her they were really sacrifices, not aids. Her composure and aplomb were perfect. No matter what her costume — boy, girl of the period, or fairy with scant draperies — she seemed always surrounded with the modesty which springs from unconsciousness of anything unusual. Our. excursions to the theatre now hecainc a regular nightly institution, ind the late hours we kept iu conse quence did not escape the observation i)f Mr. Trotman, who seemingly insti tuted somo inquiries, as ho unexpec tedly took us to task, lectured us severely on the frivolity of our habits, Mid absolutely vetoed future visits to theatres. While we apparently submitted, we did not obey. Sam and I hod recourse to all sorts of stratagems to enable us to continue our nocturnal excursions. But in order to lull our uncle's suspi cious we agreed that only one should £0 out on any night, the other remain ing at home to invent explanations for the absence of the other. On these alternate nights of en forced imprisonment Uncle Trotman frequently delated to each of us on the mischief of infatuation for a painted face, and enlarged with intense bitter ness on tho manner in which young men's lives had been blighted by giving way to the cajolery of professional coquettes. \Ve regarded these lectures as rather rich, for Sam told mo he had discovered among tho various documents to which his position as confidential clerk and amanuensis to Uncle Trotman gave him access, a batch of carefully pre served old letters, which showed that Uucle Trotman himself had, iu his youth, been in love with a pretty actress by the name of Adair, who had jilted him aud married some other fellow. Consequently wo made very^ merry over our uncle's present inconsistency, and his discourses had little effect upon either of us. Wo still continued our alternate visits to the theatre, and both had succeeded in obtaining the entree behind the stage, and in making acquaintance with the fair object of our admiration. Various trifling incidents gave rise to a feeling of jealousy between Sam and myself, which rapidly increased to absolutobitterncss, and became intense when we learned that the engagement of Annabella was drawing to a close, and that her mother contemplated a provincial tour with hor. These complications were suddenly terminated. One night, towards mid night, I returned home from the theatre, and on trying the bock window which, according to mutual arrange ment, it was Sam's business to see un latched bo as to admit me into the house without disturbing anyone — Uncle Trotman had impounded the door latch-key — I found it fastened. Anathematising my cousin's forget fulnoss, I began throwing gravel against the window of his hod-room with the object of awakening him. The noise, however, had the unlucky effect of apparently wakening my uncle instead ; for his sash was thrown up, and— the night being moonlight— r«tOQd4«toota£ A frightful quarrel ensued. Uncle Frotinan attacked mo furiously aud liarshly for what he called my disobe iience and deception. I retorted, as I jonsidored with admirable wittiness, by references to his own early indiscre tions. This appeared, to make him Prautic. Ho accused me of tamper ing with the locks of his private drawers, and of thieving moneys ivhich he said ho had missed from time to time lately, and to sum up, although lie admitted mo for the night, he next lay cancelled my indentures, and dis owned me for ever. I had found whon I was admitted that Sam was not at home. Undo Trot man mentioned in the course of hi* xugry speeches that he had sent my cousin away purposely in order that lie might not again meet me, thus tacitly confessing that he hod been on the watch for me, and had learned my offence before tho pebble-throwing incident. Ho held up to me as an exemplar of regularity and steadiness tho example of Sam (who hod been out night about), aud from some of his expres sions I got an impression that Sam had played traitor and betrayed mo. However, I contented myself with indignantly denying the charges of ransacking private receptacles, and of purloining cash, and as Uncle Trot man would not hear my disclaimers with patience, I rushed away from his house in a paroxysm of rage, and hastily arranging for temporary ac commodation at a cheap lodging-house near tho theatre where my divinity acted, I sent for my boxes. The cabman who brought them also handed me an envelope addressed to me, in which I found a bank note for £20, and two words in my uncle's handwriting, viz., ' the last. My first impulse was to send back the money with scorn, but as I hap pened to have only three-and-sixpeuco in the world, my second and abiding impulse was to retaiu the sum, which laid. On coming down to breakfast the following morning, tho first persons I set eyes upon were Amiabclla Ddavillc and her mother, seated at the table. They happened to board at this house. Mrs. Delavillc was a faded lady, past middle ago, and took indifferently 'second lady' or 'first old woman' parts on the stage. She was an in - significant feeble sort of person, whose only marked characteristic was the manner in which she watched over her daughter. After breakfast, I recounted mv ad venture of tho previous nig'«t to mother and daughter, with the effect of considerably cooling the friendli ness of the manner of the elder lady ; but that I cared little for, because I fancied that I perceived in the eyos of the younger a good deal of the pity which poets say is akin to love. Of course I had not mentioned the part she had played iu my domestic drama, but a hint or two I let fall she appeared to partly comprehend. Mrs. Delavillo, who had always been moderately cordial and deferential when I appeared behind the scenes as a natron of the (cheap) drama, and generally had a few shillings to devote to porter and oysters, for which a 'super' used to be sent out, and which used to be graciously accepted by the professional ladies aud gentle men, and consumed between the acts — appeared now disposed to bo dis tant and reserved. She found an early opportunity of sending Anna bella to her own apartment to study her part for tho day's rehearsal ; and she took the opportunity of my enter ing into conversation to acquaint me that she was so sorry we were likely to see little of one another in future, as their engagement at the ? theatre would terminate in a few days, when she had arranged to join at Beaton — a small provincial town in a northern county — a company playing there under the management of her brother. This piece of information was obviously volunteered with a view to discourage my attentions to Annabdla, but, as it happened, the strength of my flamo twisted it to a different pur pose. Immediately on thus becoming acquainted with the destination of my fair one, a half-formed purpose which had been long simmering inmy braiuas sutned definite form. That I might be always near the object of my passion I had often wished that I were an actor. Now I determined that, as I might as well be that as anything else, an actor I would be; and, more than that, the scone of my deh&t; should bo the Theatre Royal, Boston. I did not inform Mrs. Delaville of this resolution, fearing lest she might write to her brother, the manager of the theatre, and place obstacles in the way of my getting an engagement; but I found a momentary chance to communicate my intention to Anna bella, and, judging by the expression of her countenanco, 1 began to uoliovo that she understood my motive, and was not disposed to take unkindly to the idea of my becoming her follower. The following day therefore saw mo in lies ton, and Booking an audience from Mr. Adolphus Mountford — au- nounoed in placards on tho theatre door to be the lessee of that institu tion, and likewise tho greatest and most popular actor of the day. The same posters also announced the special engagement (at vast expense) ind speedy appearance of Miss Anna bella Delaville, the magnificent young star actress from tho loading London theatres, and of Mrs. Delavillo, tho sterling and favorite tragedienne. Tho knowledge of theatrioal mys teries which I had already acquired by my attendance upon Miss Anna bdla, enabled mo to find the stage door, and make my way on to the stage of the Eos ton theatre withoutdifticulty. This I saw to bo to the full as dingy as the stage of my London haunt. Die stage space was for the time being circumscribed by a scene which was lot down from tho ' flies' for the con voniencc of a shabby man who was ;ouipleting it in a stylo which my recent avocation enabled me to recog nise as inferior even to most of the scene-painting common to third or Eourth- rate theatres. Directed by this porson.who appeared ?m my accosting him for information to be very gruff and somewhat tipsy, I found the manager seated in his room at the ' prompt entrance.' Mr. Adolphus Mountford was a stout gentleman whose custom it was of an afternoon apparently to shave, for assuredly he had iv-f shaven this morning. This great aulur had short legs and a double chin, waddled when he walked, and wabbled when he talked. My application for employment ('juvenile lead' was the line I aspired to, as affording future oppor tunities of impassioned love-scenes with the 'magnificent young star actress') Mr. Mountford received with contumely on learning that I had no ex perience. 'I was persistent — Mr Mount ford was scornful. I came down in my aspirations. Mr. Mountford remarked — 'Boy, I care not; it cannot be. In fact, I wish you'd got out, aud lot me shave iu peace.' I declined to get out at any price. I insisted on being engaged. Mr. Mouutford laid down his razor, and, becoming red with auger, called out — ' Lacy, I wish you would come and rid me of this stripling.' Perceiving that I was in danger of being subjected to personal affront, or, in other words, of being kicked out, I turned to go, and juBt then an ill-looking fellow in a black wig came in and gave me a shove which made me trip over the stool on which the gruff painter hod been sitting as I passed in. This stumble resulted iu my shoulder brushing the freshly-painted scene, smudging and spoiling a con siderable surface. On noticing this Mr. Mountford entirely lost his temper, and his his trionic dignity with it, and, calling me 'a clumsy lout,' would fain have struck me had not his companion, probably seeing that I hod both the frame and the resolution to defend myself, held him back. Nettled by the epithet 'clumsy' I ejaculated that, clumsy or not, I could paint better than that daub he set so much store by. Struck possibly by the confidence of my tone when saying this, Mr. Mountford ceased to cry to his companion to, 'Unhand me, Lacy ! By Heaven, I'll make a ghost of him that lets me !' and other explosive quotations from the dramatic writers. In fact he changed his tone considerably, and enquired — all the manager asserting itself — whether I meant that. To cut a long story short, the acci dental stumble against the wet paint effected what I had hitherto failed to attain. Takiug up the brushes of the absent artist, I convinced Mr. Mountford in a few seconds that I knew what I was about, and before ten minutes were over I was engaged as scene painter to the Theatre Royal, Boston, vice Mr. William Dibbs, removed in conse quence of habitual inebriety and in competence, and also as generally useful in tho performances should my services be at any time required in the histrionic department; for which combined services Mr. Mountford undertook to remunerate me at the rate of fifteen shillings per week — thereby showing himself a much bettor man of the world than he ever was an actor. It was well for me that I had the greater balance of Uncle Trotman's donation in reserve, for I discovered in due time that Mr. Mountford might just on well have promised me fifteen pounds per week as fifteen shillings, so far as his ability to pay was con cerned. The ' tremendous galaxy of talent' which Mr. Mountford^s advertisements stated was supplied by the company at the Theatre Eoyal, did not draw crowded houses. In fact the Tremen dous Galaxy could not have more utterly failed to draw had it been a second-hand blister. A slight revival succeeded the ap pearance of Miss Annabella, owing principally to a number of young men who came nightly to ogle her from the stalls. But this souroe of revenue foil off by degrees as tho young men became disheartened by the fact that Annabella wouldn't ogle bade, It was in vain that the door-keepers nightly encored every act, that Mr. Lacy (first lead) raved, that Mrs. Delaville screamed and giggled, that the great Mountford himself played farce, and utterly destroyed my best hat, which I had been green enough to wear in a subordinate but genteel character. There was no bonnetting in the piece, but Mr. Mountford im provised a smasher as a desperate re source which might induce a stony audience to laugh. It was in Tain that AnnabeUa languished, and that Mr. Lacy, taking advantage of his position, kissed her loudly in the comedies. Tho ruffian, on being remonstrated with by Mrs. Delaville, said it was his duty to enter into the spirit of the play, and Mountford abjectly backed him up. The fact was that, but for Mr. Lacy, the enterprising manager would liave bad to suspend operations alto gether. Mr. Lacy, with his black ivig — he never would dress blonde parts — was quite a mysterious crea ture. Ho had apparently money at command, and produced sufficient sums to relieve Mountford at critical periods, as, for instance, when the ocal newspaper declined to insert any Eurther advertisements without settle ment of the outstanding account ; and when the young man who reported, and who hod bosn among the most active of the disheartened oglers, began to write depreciatory notices of Annabella's acting, and was absolutely abusive about Mr. Locy's performances, especially in the kissing parts, Mr. Lacy lent Mountford enough to sweeten the journalist and have the rigor of the young man toned down. On other occasions he came similarly to the rescue, so that, in fact, beheld bo many of Mountford' s acknowledgements that the manager was his mere slave. Now, it was very clear that a man who could command means must have some special object in remaining to play to empty houses in a small pro vincial theatre, and I quickly satisfied myself that Mr. Lacy's object was to make love to Annabclla! Anyhow he was always doing it, and Mountford openly favored the advances to his niece, and even managed to con vince that pliable creature, his sister Mrs. Delaville, that Lacy must be a gentleman of wealth and position, who had disguised himself and taken to the stage for the sole purpose of wooing the lovely Annabella for his wife. Perhaps Mrs. Delavillc believed this the more readily because Mr. Lacy was obviously disguised, and her experience as an actress told her that he was quite now to the work. Anyhow, all thiee — lover, uncle, and mother — leagued against me, and took the utmost care that I never had even a moment alone with Anna bolla. Were it not that I had become altogether too useful in my double capacity of scene-painter and actor to bo dispensed with, I havo no doubt I should have been sent to the rightabout altogether. Meanwhile, as Mr. Lacy only dis pensed his succour by driblets sufficient to avert actual dissolution, Christmas approached, and there appeared not the faintest hopes of managing to prepare a pantomine. Mr. Mountford became moody, in which condition he abjured comedy, aud invariably cast the company for the gloomiest pieces in his repertoire, taking the more mournful characters himself, till the theatre became a sort of sepulchral place of resort appropriately attended by ' dead-heads,' and no one would have been justified in feeling surprised had a funeral party dropped in to finish their day by witnessing thn performances. At this juncture of affairs a brilliant inspiration struck me, which, if success ful, would not only be the means of reviving business, but would also affjrd me an opportunity of asoertain ing whether the sentiments of Anna bella1* heart accorded with the very encouraging1 language of her eyes, which was all the communication which the surveillance we were sub jected to left us free to enjoy. I offered to Mr. Mountford, who had now began to form rather a high opinion of my ability, that I would write an original introduction for a pantomime, taking a fairy tale for my basis. I made one stipulation, namely, that I should be cast for the part of ' the Prince.' I knew, of course, that AnnabeUa was the only possible prin cess. Mr. Mountford, being at his wit*' end, consented to what, under other circumst»no8S, h« would undoubtedly have regarded as a very dubious experi ment, and he was supported in hu consent by Mr. Lacy, who agreed to advance the requisite funds on the clear understanding that he was to re ceive Annabella's hand in recognition of his good offices. This waB'a feature of the affair I had not anticipated, but I wai power If B8 to interfere, and with the sanguine ness of youth I hoped that my scheme would throw insuperable obstacle] k the way of the aocompliihment of tini bwgaiu. Accordingly I proceeded to write my drama, taking- especial pains to draw out the parts so that Sir. Lacy could soarcelj fail to claim the character of the villain of the piece — which X padded with ' fat' sentences as bait for him. Mr. Monntford, who thoroughly understood the science of puffing, lavished the resources disbursed by Mr. Lacy in immense posters and other forms of giving publicity to the new and original introduction by a talented and rising author. He even gave a little supper to the representatives of the local Press, on which occasion the ogling young reporter did me mestini able service by dodging so persistently to get seated next Annabella that he disarranged the appointed order of places, and so upset things that when le meal began, although he waa seated on one side of the fair one, I was seated on the other, while Mr. Lacy glared disappointed and Tengeful from under his black wig and red eye brows at the opposite aide of the tame. Thn« brought in contact with my idol, 1 had the exquisite felicity of squealing her hand under the table, and — Ob I joy — of feeling a gentle pressure in re turn. In consequence of judicious expendi ture in this and similar wayi, a con* siderable degree of interest in the forth coming pantomime wu worked up among the public of Reston. With regard to the performance, it was settled flint after the introduction the harlequinade wat to be sustained by the fall force of the company — that is to say, Mr. Mountford would play rather a fat pantaloon ; Mr. Lacy wonld eBBay a new line as down ; I, being slender and active, wonld be harlequin; and AnnabeUa wonld be the columbine of the season. The eventful night at last arrived, after a weary interval of paint pota, rehearsals, practising*, and so for&. Mr. Moontford was far from confident. He pished and pshawed considerably over my production, but it was too late to recede after all bis gorgeous an nouncements. He little knew of the secret lines I had studied in addition to those ha read in the prompter's copy ; nor had he any knowledge thit on the morning of Boxing Day, I had managed by the agency of a little ' devil' — speaking in a pantomimic sense — to convey to Anna bella written additions to her part in two forms, respectfully soliciting her to choose the one she considered most suitable. Under the same enclosure was a copy of the interpolations in my port, to which those forwarded to her were alternative responses. There was actually a full house. What with persistent advertising, the interest of a new piece, the attraction of the first night of the pantomime, and the fact that it was Christmas time and Boxing Night, the theatre was positively filled. All of us behind the curtain were a good deal excited and interested over this unaccustomed stato of affairs, and from the time the doors were opened there was always at least one nose at a time projecting through the folds of the curtain, as its owner inspected the in creasing bustle of the auditorium. I was indulging in one of these pro longed peeps, and in certain dreams as to a career of fortune awaiting me aa author of the drama about to be pro duced before so largo an audience, when I caught sight of a person in the boxes, whose appearance made me start. In the glossiest of dress clothes, with diamonds flashing from bis shirt front and from bis fingers, sat, alone, my cousin Sam I A pang of envy shot through my breast as I involuntarily compared our present condition. Horn was I, a struggling man-of-ell-work to m provincial theatre, and there he sat at his ease with every evidence of having plenty of money at command. It flashed across my mind that perhaps Uncle Trotman had died during the six or eight months that had elapsed since I left his house, and that Sam had in herited his business and property, and had come hither after AnnabeUa. I was, for a combination of reasons, extremely nervous when the curtain drew up, and my drama began. It must be confessed that it dragged sadly, and the audience, who had come to be amused, got impatient. Occasional hisses were heard. Mr. Mouutford raged in the ' wings.' Lacy eoowled as he passed me from time to time. The crisis approached. The drop* scene was down before the last act which would be followed by the trans formation-Bcene. Principally to avoid the snlky faces around me, I was peer ing through the curtain at the audience, when a new surprise greeted me. Two persons entered the stalls and gazed round the house. One was a stranger, but the other was— myJUnde Trot* man 1 He appeared to be looking for someone — possibly, I thought, rot hia favorite, Sam. Instinctively turning my glance upon the box occupied by Sam, £ waa astonished to see him, suddenly catohing sight of the new arrivals, turn white and begin to sneak away out of bis box. Shnultanwmsly Uncle Trotman and his companion caught sight of Sam, and the na&gftx; \ *eat wpidly oat ?.*. --?*? I . ;??? . — m Jinttben the boll rang for tho-fnri act, *ud Iliad to turn my attention to business. Wiien I catno ' on,' how ever, I could not help taking a glimce towardsJJaclp.TrolnwjviuHL*1''? Aa^ the eb^wW notfiullf ^6tym«Vlwny bad bwiugliMSaiu with' mini -looking the picture {)£' misery. 1 -ilso saw tliat XJffile Ixotmau, recognizing inc, despite nyT gofgobuB make-up as ' Prince Fortunate,' gave a great start. ''fteTflomcHt 'for ray-Intended coup now approached Lacy, having boon as Wack a villain as my imagination could prepare apart, bad been conquered fy-Mn^PtlaVffle as the -5ood Fairy, r,wujiiwas*'!ouanging':a3 rapidly as he vOOUld: in order to come on as clown ! (immediately after tho transformation ioOcene. I had my harlequin dress under I-jtnyVPdnoo' oostuoie, and Annabella waelalso ready to transform to coluni . bine by & jwpo instantaueouB change. Y',^ Stbnotforcl was, like Lacy, dressing : rapidly. Annabella and I held the stage mean .. while, fb give time for these arrange nien'ts, and lad just a 'tag' to speak and a final song to chant beforo Mrs. Delaville should come on as the Good Fajry Bcneficia, and give the signal for . . tiie ' transformation.' But, instead of singing the song, I . opened my special ending. I had re solved that as I could get no chance , of an explanation with Annabella off tho stage, I would have one on the stage, ; and consequently had studied a most ' impassioned appeal to ,her affection in my character of Prince Fortunate, to . which she, as the Sleeping Beauty, could reply, from the additional ' lines ' I ? had that morning sent lior, cither with a cool disclaimer or with a forvent jejoiudor, including a complete rejection of Aft. Lacy, metaphorically indicated ss ' that Evil Being.' With desperate trepidation I now substituted the opening sentence of this unexpected scene for the soug we had ' always rehearsed. The prompter popped out his head, su/prisod, and the con ductor of the orchestra, finding himself and his team in difficulties, rattled his baton impatiently on his music stand, and abruptly pulled up the accompani ment he bad commenced. Startled by the discordance, Mr. Monntford, fully dreased for pantaloon, ? bustled out of his dressiDg-room, and hurried round to the prompter to learn what was tho matter ; whilu Mr. Lacy, all ready for clown, except his head, . came out of his room on the ' off' side with his clown's wig in his hand, whioh be had been jnst about to substitute for bis regular black one, removed for the purpose, and exposing his real coiffore of short-cat blonde hair, scanty at the ? temples and crown, entirely altering the appearance of the man. As I opened iny . variation, the manager and the player stared. ' Dearest idol of n»y hoart,' I cried, in the character of Prince Fortunato, *' say that you return my affection, and that the evil influence of that ' Demon' is thrown aside for ever.1' To my unspeakable joy Annabella took up ihe cue, and of the two replies with which I had furnished her re sponded with the right one. ' Dear Prince,' she rejoined, ' I am not insensible to your devotion, aud neither fear nor force shall separate me from yon.' \- This was tho beginning. I confess the play had been dull before, and there is no doubt the acting bad been heavy and flat ; but now I caught fire. I was no longer acting. The enthu siastic Speeches I had prepared 1 spoke with energy, feeling, and earnestness. ? Annabella caught (be divine inspiration. Sbejumost forgot that she was not a 'Sleeping Beauty' replying to a Prince. She,. only knew that riie was replying ? with All her heait to language she delighted to hear. I have been told since tbat the scene waf one of the most marvellous ' love soenes' ever witnessed on any stage — that our eyes sparkled, our breaths ' came short and fast, our color rose, and ' loving response met loving question with eager rapidity, till, in a supreme paroxysm, Annabella sprang into my 'arms, and I, clasping her to me, covered W face with kisses. ??' ?'?? The theatre rang with aucb peals of ap|Han»B*» its walls had seldom heard. .Borne 'of the ladies were crying with emotion, and the men and' children \- wore cheering and shouting with tetra ' ordinary excitement. Suob was the ? force of ' one toncb of nature,' which ,-tbey all took for a triumph of art. -_?.?? ©tit 'there was one person present who 'di&'BtotltakeuVfor a triumph of art. ' . Just 'as -the tumult of applause ?pealed from^every part of the auditorium, 1 there daahod ou to the stage an extra -fordmarv figure, namely,' Mr. : Lacy, ''dressed for 'down, carrying his clown wig unconsciously in his left hand, and , Wftarisg, for the first time, since I had ijinown Jam, his own hair— having, in &is; bwte.ftnd rage, forgotten that he had jgtHmored -his ordinary black wig. I ed --ijfr.ii Lucy, thus attired, pale with fMMgonjt irushed on to tfae stage, aud im^-f *-- where 1 stood with J$NM*uMt- my .amis. As the fellow tttluM iutaue rush either 'to strike me .jppc girl, from me— I know not tiSfimfrtoS' blood' rose, and, -releasing 'flSSfl^tftruck liim heavily in thd |m#aneed, aud knpckedjiim ^28lfiAJ#9BJ9Pinow rawed with *jrei,te JUBHBtt 'iJM itaitLFT''''- 'till costumed' m^mi^^mS^^^ jusfcutly foriSfttionppremteurely displayed,-' served as back-ground to our agitated group, which stood out strongly in all tho prominence of colored fires. Anna .bclla still clung to me ; her (fairy) Triother fluttered round In great distress; pantaloon's beard was waggling with great rapidity as Mr. Mount ford raved I and objurated at me, prompter, and J society in general ; and Mr. Lacy was ] gathering himself up with the evident j purpose of instituting a single combat j with ine, to the accompaniment of the i red fire, when suddenly the strange ' gentleman whom I had noticed accom panying Uncle Trotmau jumped up on to the stage, and laid handa ou Mr. Lacy, whom lie hailed as ' Gentleman Spicer' and intimated was 'wanted' for several burglaries ! The audience had now become per fectly frantic with excitemeut and as tonishment, and showed a disposition to storm the stage and hear what the ex traordinary proceedings signified at all ; so Mr. Mountford hastily signalled the prompter, and the curtain fell amidst an indescribable uproar, just as Uncle Trotman scrambled up on the stage and commenced to hug me ! ENVOI. The audience were with difficulty dis missed. They wanted a full explana tion — which they didn't get. But my readers are more inexorable, and a com plete explanation is unavoidable. The appearance of Uncle Trotman was due to the fact tbat he was in pursuit of Sam, whom he had discovered to have grossly abused the confidential trust re posed in him, and to have embezzled large sums. Sain had discovered that he was detected, and Ii.id bolted. Thinking his route would not be dis covered, he made the obscure town, of lteston his first stage, aud the announce ment of Annabella's name in tho lucil i papers had caused his curiosity to | triumph over caution. Hence hi; at tendance at the theatre, lfi-i dishing appearance was doubtless cumulated with a view to a visit hebiu.l the scenes after the performance. liuci Trotmau had got an immediate clue to Sam's destination, and had followed with a detective, who had arrested ?Samuel in all hfs glory. When Mr. Lacy rushed on without his black wig, that moment of carelessness cost him his liberty, for tho detective instantly recognised him .as a man who had long been ' wanted,' and long vaiuly sought. Uncle Trotmau 's adventures were not over, however. He bad discovered, amongst other things, that Sam had cunningly betrayed me to him with re gard to illicit visits to the theatres, and had also directed to me the suspicions my uncle held that his private papers had been muddled with, and sums of money extracted at various times, Sam himsulf being the culprit. On mount ing the stage, bout on doing me nil tho reparation in his power, Uncle Trut mau found himself face to face with his former flame in the person of Mis. Delaville — formerly Annie Adair. Uncle Trotman iSSs too sensible a man to want to marry after all these years, but he declares that Annabella is the very image of what her mother was in his young days. He is so determined that Annabella and I shall marry that he has taken me into his business as a partner, aud Annabella is having finish ing lessons from the best masters having left the stage. Before there can be any more Christmas pantomimes I think it probable tha*. Auuabella will be my wife. VIMS. 