Leading Articles. THE BISHOP'S INSTALLATION. I We have, after an interval of three years, dated from the I time of paying our farewells to the beloved prelate who for I more than a quarter of a century had presided over our church I in this colony, not only been allowed in the good providence I of God to welcome his successor, but in his installation at I St. James's Cathedral to see him ' lay the first stone' of his 1 important work. We can scarcely without emotion write on 1 the events which culminated on Thursday, the 11th January. 1 how many earnest debates in our Church Assembly, how many I anxious discussions in private. We knew how certain I Canadian dioceses had blundered over their cumbrous I machinery for electing ? a Bishop, prolonging the sittings of 1 their synods into the small hours of the night in the vain I attempt to gain a clear majority of the clergy and the laity I respectively for one or other, atid perhaps abandoning the can 1 didate who was most liked in order to comply with the 1 technicalities of the law. In many instances they failed to I secure the ablest man, as we feel we have done, and had to be i satisfied with the man ablest to be elected. I We believe that we have, every right to congratulate the I right rev. prelate who has come among us on the welcome H that is being accorded to him by all classes of the community. i The unanimity of . the six representative laymen and of the H six representative clergymen who elected him is typical of |j the unanimous feeling of the whole church. There may be ' 9 some diocese — certainly not in England or Wales, but in some i part of Her Majesty's colonial empire — where a particular H bishop would be treated with this oneness of heart and voice, H but we do not know where to look for it. We will not dwell i] upon the obvious fact that this is a state of things for 'which H Bishop Perry prayed and laboured from first to last. We will ||- not stay to point out how our mixed lay and clerical consti H tution has gravitated to the same end, creating a mutual H understanding between various parties and rubbing down the H hard angles of prejudice or divided feeling. It is the right H time to speak a word on the work of our ' dear Dean ' (the H alliteration is irresistible, and has been adopted in the highest H quarters). This venerable man of God has had no small i influence in bringing about the healthy state of feeling which I Bishop Moorhouse will so thankfully recognise. At the pre | sent time we are deploring the heavy chastening with which it I has pleased our Heavenly Father to visit him in his home and in his health. Prostrated already by grief of more than ordinary poignancy, we can scarcely wonder that the excite ment, not to say anxiety, connected with the arrival of the H ' Bangalore ' laid him helpless on a sick bed. On the day of II installation we were deprived of his : presence,, though we I] were certain we had the benefit of his prayers. When Bishop 1] Perry was consecrated in 1847, he selected the rector of a chaplain. It was the formation of a close Christian friendship between two men the very opposite of each other in tempera- * ment and disposition— types of their respective nationalities — and yet alike in their deep love of Scripture truth, besides being thoroughly adapted to work together in building up the Church of God. The much-revered Primate, Bishop Barker, of Sydney, was a guest of our Dean's in 1855, when on his way from England to take charge of his diocese. Bishop Perry was in London at the time, urging Sir William Molesworth at the Colonial Office to obtain the royal assent to our Church Constitution Act. Well do we remember the pithy remark of our right reverend visitor — ' I envy your Bishop his Dean.' It might be supposed that the Dean was not well calculated to bring men into harmony; and yet we believe that in this respect he has been signally blessed. As an Anglican theolo gian he takes, a strong Protestant view of our articles and formularies; as a politician he strenuously advocates the union of Church and State, regarding Gladstone's work of Irish disestablishment as the basest truckling to an unprincipled expediency ;. in grappling with modern, thought - he would approximate to Gaussen's theopneustic views of inspiration ; in all his statements of his honest con- 1 victions he would nail his colours to the mast as a token ofj; ' No surrender ;' and yet, in 'spite of all this fiery excitable ' Irish intensity on every subject that engages a mind no less active than powerful, he is beyond all others a peace-maker. Behind the warm combativeness throbs a loving heart, and with the power of withering denunciation there is tact com bined with gentleness that disarms opposition and makes his enemies, if such could possibly exist, to be at; peace with him. Our much-valued Registrar paid a masterly tribute to the Dean's good qualities on the installation day, but there was ' more significance in the encomiums of the Rev. J. H. Gregory, which were such as to do credit to that rev. gentleman's head and heart. Let it be remembered that for the space of three years Dr. Macartney has administered the affairs of the diocese, that he has presided over two annual sessions of the Church Assembly, that his opening addresses on those occa sions were masterpieces both in language and condensation of facts, that during that period the church was moving onwards in its buildings and the occupation of new ground, as well as in drawing men into the reader's office and training them for the diaconate and the priesthood. It is fair to recog nise the influence of our very reverend friend in the work which he now transfers to hands vested with the highest authority, and guided, as we believe, by unusual ability and faithfulness. We are glad to notice the kindly feeling shown by the Argus on this occasion in ' adding its welcome to those with which Dr. Moorhouse has been greeted.' Like the Times m the great world of London and the British nation, the Argus may be regarded as 'speaking the general sentiment of,' this leading province of the Southern hemisphere. We hail, therefore, with satisfaction the hope of that able journal ' that during the term of his episcopate prosperity may attend him in his private as well as in his official capacity, and that success may reward his efforts to elevate and extend the church of which he yesterday assumed the guidance.' It is true that experience extending through many years of the late Bishop's episcopate reminds us of an attitude assumed by the press analogous to that of a distinguished visitor now making, with eleven others, the tour of the colonies. We allude to one Pooley, standing with gloved hands behind the wicket, and in stooping posture watching with the eye of a hawk the ball as it wings its flight. Let the player step one instant from his ground, or the ball glance, however slightly, from his bat, quick as thought it is in hostile hands, and then woe to the unlucky batsman ! We do not complain. Bishop Perry was watched by the press, and sometimes in conflict with it; but he knew well how to hold his own, and in the long run gained far more influence than he lost, even with those who assailed . him. The Church of England in its relation to colonial society, colonial wants, and colonial thought — this is the ecclesiastical problem to be grappled with, if not solved, by him who is placed here by divine Providence in the position of a Bishop. The revealed truth of God — the gospel of our blessed Saviour in its relation to the sins and sorrows of man — this is the spiritual problem. We like to think of our church life and our church machinery like the British Consti tution itself — not as a thing of boards and beams screwed and bolted together by man's ingenuity, but as a tree which has extended its roots into the soil and grown with a steady growth. We fully believe that our new Bishop is as calm in reflection as he is quick in discernment, patient in bearing with colonial anomalies; and qualified by his metropolitan experi ence to suggest new lines of action when the need shall have ., been clearly shown and the time has fully come. That he is heartily welcomed by us he already knows; that we are ready ,to give him our glad help he already feels ; that the : work is beset with many difficulties and anxieties he is not slow to express ; that we have no unreasonable expectations ;i of what he can accomplish he ought to be assured. Those .who wield the highest power in Church or State are offen misrepresented, whilst they are denied the opportunity of giving reasons or vindicating their own acts. They are content to answer to God and their own consciences, leaving popular clamour to exhaust itself by its own noise. We earnestly trust that our new Bishop will ever be regarded with the affection of the clergy and the confidence of the laity ; that continued prayer will be offered on his behalf ; and that in the proclamation of the glorious gospel he may abundantly be rewarded according to the desire expressed in his admirable installation sermon, when he said — :' I had rather know, that one man or one woman in this place was verily and indeed made a member of the kingdom of Jesus than have all the forms in the world.' i . ? \ ' The compliments of the season.' Already the phrase is l, .somewhat out of date. The wreaths in the churches (if indeed j not already carried away) are withered and brown — melancholy \ ghosts of their festive glory. Christmas has left us with the \ old year, and the days of the new one are slipping into weeks j - so fast that it scarcely seems new any more j* and we have \ written 1877 so often that we have almost forgotten the , j unfamiliar look it had on that first letter we headed with the i fresh date. And yet as we are still on the threshold, and I liave only just said good-bye to '76, and this is our first meet 1 ing with our readers, we would fain hold out a hand of friendly i greeting with the old familiar benison, and wish them 'A \ Happy New Year.' i We cling to the old formula, even when ' Merry Christmas' \ has forgotten its mirth and sounds almost a mockery amid the \ frequent sadness or loneliness of mid-day life ; even then to a \ Itealthy nature something of the old hopefulness and mysterious \ thrill of anticipation still lingers around the advent of the inew year, and we feel grateful to the kindly voices which bid us God-speed on the fresh stage of the journey whose end \eems not so very distant. Feeling is sometimes stronger than reason. Few of us can listen to the slow strokes of taelve on the night of the 31st December without a con siousness of something quite different to what we ever felt oi any other night. What echoes linger round those tones ; T-gone greetings ! yet more farewells ! Voices we may never bar again speak to us through that midnight chime, until eah stroke of the bell seems almost like a blow, and we could faipy resistless time was sweeping away all our treasures, 'whje we stretch forth impotent hands of entreaty, with the pasionate cry of the poet — 'Old year, you shall not die!' Butthis is all past now ; the old year is dead, and there iot&^e must \ ' Step from the corpse and let him in \ That standeth there alone.' And ^e must not speak evil of the dead, therefore our review . ' of theiast must not be too severe. ' Let the dead past bury its dead.A As to our church, we must feel thankful to have passed safely hrough a period of anxiety and suspense. For our ? churcmhis year it is indeed true that there is, in a double ?sense-4 \ 'Anew face at the door, A A new step on the floor; ' ?but we nist all feel there is everything to hope from the new Bishop, \0 scarcely seems a stranger since he comes with such war\ commendation from the one we so honoured and loyed^ And though faithful memory cannot but spare some sighfor the guide and friend whom we are to see no -more amoi us as of old, our loyalty to him can best be shown vy the cheerful obedience and entire confidence offered to thgUccessor he approves us. Though far removed from us iri^he body, we know and feel that Bishop Perry still sp\es many thoughts and prayers for his former diocese ; andmany a kindly word of remembrance and encouragementcomes from him .across the ocean to those . who formerly hOured under his care. But this year has Tfcaken from ou.midst some who have passed to 'where beyond these voices there is peace,' who can send no tokens back again, but have carried in their account to the Lord of the vineyard. Some names honoured and familiar in our church's history, who have borne the heat and burden of the day, are now among the year's obituary; and one who had but lately joined the ranks, seeming full of promise and. eager to do his Master's work in this portion of the vineyard, where, if the harvest is great, it is sadly evident the labourers are few. The spirit was willing, but the flesh was weak ; and only a few days after the close of the year the fainting hand of | the young soldier laid down the sword he had so lately girded I on, and his epiphany hymn was sung in the presence, of the .perfect manifestation above, where his eyes behold 'The King , in His Beauty.' These losses are very heavy ones; the .] vacancies are not easily filled here where the volunteers are so 1 few, and where it is almost impossible to find men of ability ?- and position willing to devote themselves to the arduous, anxious, and ill-paid labour of a colonial clergyman's life. j ' Who is sufficient for these things ?' As we look abroad at 1 this scattered and rapidly increasing colony, with the number- j less settlements growing up in all directions, all calling aloud to us for pastoral care, and consider the sad lack of clergy, and of funds, to provide for them when found, our hearts might well fail were we relying only on human help. Yet, if we feel the wants and cares of our country pressing upon us as a # burden which seems almost more than we can bear, may we | not find comfort in the words spoken long ago by Moses of * j the land of Canaan, and yet true we may believe of every I land where God's children are called upon dwell. May we not I say of this our land, that it is ' a land which the Lord thy j God careth for ; for the eyes of the Lord thy God are always I upon it, from the beginning of the year even unto the end of j the year'? From the end to the beginning is not a very I long space to us ; to look back now to last January seems ' j but. a brief retrospect, though even there the sharp outlines. J of the trivial events of daily life seem so ' shadowed by the 1 growing hour' that we miss much of what was then of | much temporary importance. But how distant, how vague, I how unreal in comparison is the view 'from the beginning I to the end,' as we vainly strain forward into that dim j future which seems so vast, often so terrible and pitiless, 1 to our poor human sight, as we think of the unsparing march | of those days which may carry away with them so much of 1 what makes life beautiful to us. But above all, are those 1 calm, tender, all-seeing eyes— seeing ' the end from the 1 beginning' — shining over us with a love in whose light our I restless hearts grow very still in a heavenly peace. All the | vast concerns of the universe, and all our little interests — the -| burden ; 6f to-day, and the burden of many to-morrows; jj knowing the strength needed for each and all, and giving it | as it is needed; guiding the unskilled feet into the right way; | teaching to-day the lessons that will be needed, it may be, | many days hence. And as for the individual, so also for the S church. ' Clear from marge to marge' lies the history of our ; § church's future before the eyes of the Lord. The times of j probation and waiting, of patient sowing, the years of toil, : | to Him are but as one day ; already it may be in His sight ? jj the rich harvest is waving over fields now lying fallow. Only ] j let our eyes wait upon Him as servants on the hand of their 1 1 master, and so at length in His light we shall see light shining m above and beyond the clouds and mists that overhang and 1 obscure our present view; and though we cannot see the end f| from the beginning, yet shall humble faith even now win 1 something of the blessedness of those who ' have not seen, Jl and yet have believed,' when we are content to wait for the || end, and believe it shall be what is best, because all things Ji work together for our good. So shall each New Year be || happy, because it comes as a Father's gift, and all its changes si are such as He appoints, until the everlasting morn begins . I when ' time shall be no longer.' 1 Joy. — Before we are justified we can have no right or reason to be I j joyful ; after, we have none to be miserable. The religion of a true I j Christian should both adorn his character with the beauties of IS holiness, and array his countenance with the smile of peace. Emotion § j in some believers will be much stronger than in others, without any :|| clearer understanding or stronger' faith, simply because there is a ;js stronger physical susceptibility of 'excited emotion. Hence emotion jin alone is a very equivocal and deceptive test of personal piety. ^ , m If we are afflicted and tried, God has wise reasons for correcting ||j| us ; and if He delivers us out of trouble, the motives are in His own ||| breast. ' I will not return to destroy Ephraira : for I am God, and ||| 