THE THEATRE ROYAL. "HAMLET." There were three or four reasons, more or less good or bad, for the interjection of the time-honoured play of Hamlet. First, the play has not been performed in Hobart Town for many a day ; the next is, that as most actors dream of becoming the Hamlet of their day, there are but few plays in which a miscellaneous company are more likely to be word perfect and the third, and most legitimate, is that the brilliant Italian artists under whose direction the company came to Tasmania (and who did not appear in Hamlet) should have a rest before the production of the Old Corporal which will probably be performed on Friday night. We have no disposition to underrate the merits of the company collectively or indirectly, and therefore it will not be taken as matter of offence if we say that the play as put forward last night was wooden and came to a degree which Shakespere could never have contemplated that one of his most brilliant, most subtle, most poetical, and most moving tragedies could fall, Every member of the company seemed to feel the responsibility that fell upon him or her, and looked, dressed, and walked their parts with most conscientious devotion to the task. But there was no soul there. The inspiration of genius was utterly wanting. It might as well have been read in the library, or at the fireside, for any new light thrown upon the beauty of the action of the play, or the vagaries of the young Prince, about whose madness, whether real or pretended, critics have still a good deal to say. Mr. Douglas played the part of the " Prince," wigged as the late Charles Kean was when he first appeared in that part, and as the late Walter Montgomery j but all the grace, the tenderness, the poetry of the nature of the young Prince were absolutely wanting. Ben Johnson laid it down as a maxim, for the natural relation of things, that " He who drives fat oxen should himself be fat." This canon of criticism is not altogether applicable to theatrical matters, but yet it begins to be regarded as a sine qua non that the personator of such a character as " Hamlet " should have some of the natural graces of person which are usually found in people of high birth and courtly education ; just as in Macbeth, the great Throne would not be adequately personated by- an actor who would be more at home in some such part as the starved apothecary. It is no discredit to the talents of Mr. Douglas that he could not look the Prince. Nor did he throw into the part any of the lightning-like genius which distinguished Montgomery in the same part, though he did adopt some of Barry Sullivan's new and doubtful readings. Nor did Mr. Douglas rise, on any one occasion, to the passionate tenderness and reflective meditations of the " Prince of Denmark." He gave, however, a perfect word for word reading of the author's text, and was much applauded throughout. The parties " Claudio," the King, was in the hands of Mr. South, but he was very much overmastered in it; and his unfortunate voice (is it natural or acquired?) to some extent marred his success. " Polonius had a very fair representative in Mr. Martin, but he lacks altogether the unctuous humour Mr. George Coppin throws into the character of the old courtier. Mr. Martin Forde played very well the " Ghost of Hamlet's Father," and the interview on the battlements of Elsinore was judiciously managed. " Laertes " received full justice from Mr. Stuart Bolton, who has established a very good name in Australia. Of the ladies we may say generally they also did their best. The Queen, in the hands of Miss Douglas was not dignified enough in her bearing, and somewhat shrill in her voice ; while as "Ophelia " Miss Crawford could only look, not act the part. On the whole, however, the audience, which was numerous, went away amply satisfied, and loud in testifying their appreciation of a play which has not been attempted here, as we have already remarked, for some time. Hamlet will be repeated to-night. 