LENTEN THOUGHTS. ' No.':nii In our last we gave abundant illustration of Dr. ' Poldirig making a miserable fist in quoting' Scripture and bringing proof from , the Bible for bis Lenten fast. We have now to show with what perfect ease and . complacency this Archbishop sets . aside the very Scriptures which he has quoted,; and tells his people that "the ' Church " has greatly improved upon Scripture, OMi o/ comideration for: the men and women of the present day ! ! , But now. Dearly Beloved, the law of the Church, with respect to fasting, has changed, greatly changed. "SVhether it be that charity and faith are less, or that men are really now of feebler bodily constitution than they were; which of these things is the cause, or whether they are both together the cause of relaxations and dispensations, we will not now inquire. Let it suffice that the Churcn has relaxed her law, and amplified her dispensations ; e is now, as she ever was, the ever present living guide and ruler of Christians, herself conducted by the Holy Spirit. In the earlier ages of that Church, the mode of fasting was one of a rigour that we are supposed not to be able to suppott, and, in . later times, there appears a still increasing necessity for further and further abatement ot that rigour. There are those still living amongst us who have a lively remembrance of I what. LHt used to be — abstinence through the whole period, Sundays excepted, and observance of the strict laws of fasting upon one meal. Our actual rule with its dispensations is, as you know, far below that. Here surely is a confession of Popish weakness. What is the use of quoting Scripture about fasting, mourning, and sitting in ashes, since the Church admits that the passages quoted are obsolete? "What is the use of referring to Daniel and Tobias and Joel and Christ, since the Church admits that she is necessitated to dispense with what those "saints" did, and invent new plans for fasting, and mourning without pain and trouble ? Yet this is the shuttlecock procedure of Dr., Folding's Lenten Pastoral, and he is not ashamed to justify it on the plea that " the Church " in thus accommo dating her laws to the need and conve nience of the people is guided by the Holy Ghost ! — Papists have less charity and faith than they used to have ; one of the two; but Dr. Folding won't, decide which ; yet," whatever the cause, the kind and indulgent mother "relaxes her la-s," " amplifies her dispensations," and nicely adjusts her equivalents, according to t.bfi wfirtlt.b. tantft. oonvfinifinofi. weflk- " ; WW .. ness, or likings of her children. After such a confession that Scripture example is useless as too severe and too rigorous for the poor fiail faith and bodies of modern Papists, Dr. Folding goes on, as follows, to illustrate what Popish logic can do: "Well then, dearly be loved, do the reasons Jw fasting no longer exist in these days of ours? Have they less cogency than they once had ? Is the reverent affectionate initiation of Our Lord a less constraining motive than it was in old time ? Is there less necessity now than there once existed for the remedial efScacy of prayer and fasting and almsdeeds?" &c.;, &c.; Now, what is the use of these repeated questions, since it is admitted that, whatever the necessity for the fasting of old times, that fasting is is impossible now because modern .Papists have too little faith and too feeble boes ? Ah ! think you that they are useless merely because they are absurd and contradictory ? Not at all ! Dr. Folding is only craftily preparing the way to .show how nicely and conveniently the Church has managed to change fasting mtol something else, so that her children, hy doing something efee, and not fasting, they may get the merit and the good of tasting ! Here is the proot which would make anybody but a Popish priest blush : You see them, dearly beloved, there is no change in the original and acquired fraility of our nature ; The change is only in the ap plication of the same spirit to the same purposes, in somewhat different pro portion. What is taken from fasting must be given to prayer and alms deeds. We cannot do what our forefathers did in one good work, we must make compensation by a greater gen erosity in the other two.. It is a sort of Com mutation which the Church has long allowed, from time to time. The secret of a Popish fast is ho oiit. " The people need not fast at all, if they will "commute" with the priest for so much money. All the Scriptures quoted are now seen i to be so much dust cast in the eyes of the people to bolster up the claim of " authority ;" for now the Church is alleged to havb power to "change," find out the right " proportion," " dispense," " indulge,"' and commute, J;hat; is, making fasting less, and money-giving greater. Dr. Folding next proceeds to tell his jieople the objects to which their "com muted money " may be applied. . Eii'st, the building of St. Mary's ; next, the building offDenominational Schools ; next; St. Vincent s and Good Shepherd ; and last, but not least, the terrible necessities of the Holy Father " struggling ' and hopeful, against an unchristian world." The Church will let everbody off from "fasting" if they will, commute witli the .priest for so much money to any of -these objects. . , By. , saying a few more pater nosters than usual and giving a donation of : £5 to St. Mary's Cathedrsd, , the Chm-ch will permit a Catholic to eat what he Hkes, and yet secure for liiin the' iherit of fasting and mourning, ' and sitting in sackoloth and ashes ! -Hence, ; durmg' Lent -the Church .is tliviving, giving dispensations and indulgences for morieyoh, no; not for " money,"; but for alms deeds.'' The clerks under St. Mary's are thriving, finding out the "proportion" and "equivalent" of merit for cash. The priests are busy cal culating what -will be a .sufficient sum to commute the rigour of fasting for : and hence, as modern Papists are weak in faith and feeWe in body, and cannot stand the rigom- of fasting, but iii a great many caseshave money. Lent time is the Church's busy time, in which by commutations and indulgences she adds a splendid sum to her bank account ! What - a wonderful thing money is in the Romish Church— it certainly makes " fasting" easy ! Dr. Folding puts it thus : " Our poverty in fasting is to be compensated by richer alms deeds. Fasting and abns deeds are the win of prayer. If the one is weakened, let the other be strengthened." All this means. If you fast little pay the more. If you like roast beef on fast days, give a good sum in compensation, and the merit will be all the sarnie. But what a wonderful and poetic figure that is of "his Lordship's": — "fasting and alms deeds are the wings of prayer : if the one be Aveakened, let the other be strengthen ed." How will prayer rise on such a plan as this ? Fancy a bird ,with one -wing weak and the other strong. Fancy one wing weakened and the other in propor tion strengthened. The bii'd would find exactlyjwhat Popish pater nosters find, that every atteiiqit to rise would roll it back to -the ground, and, as of the earih earthy, it would not rise at aU. We have iioav proved that tliis Popish pastoral of Dr. Folding about Lent is a mockery and a fraud, which the least intelligent iRomanist should be made to see. Pimch has flattered this aged Arch- bishop by gi-vmg him a place m the " Vanity Fair Series," as a " Fine example of Pontifical Politeness." Such is the estimate of Punch, and ceitaiuly it is good enough from a professed punster : but the sight of this old man, calling himself a successor of the Apostles, and assuming to be .an authorized teacher of the religion of Christ, standing on the brink of the grave, and deludiag his people Avith the trash and imposture Avhich run through his letter, is a sight to us too sad and aAvful to allow of praise and flattery. ; The words of Dr. BaiAsante are far "more appropriate as referring to the daiigbr to which the old man is exposed , as, a of falsehood, 'OrcUe xd 'fionvertatur et vivat.' As Dr. ., Polding has referred to the ancient fasts,: so, shall Ave, as hereinunder Ave give a specimen of how; -Lent used to be kept in Ireland years ago, when Dr. Polding Avas a boy ' ' Carrick ' is in; the County of Tipperary ; the County of Kilkenny commences about a mile from it, divided' hy a stream— one in Ossory, the other in' CasheU , Diocese. For many years the Lents in C.ashell Diocese were hlach Lents, .and no meat Avas allowed. lii Ossory they Avere generally ohiie Lents, Kilkenny being the more refined, and they had poAver to eat meat twice a week or more. The nriests of Carrick not heme able to eat meat in Tipperary County, always took adA'antage of the lo/iiie Lents in Ossory. Accordingly there Avas a public-house kept at the other side of tile bridge that di-vides the County of Tipperary. It Avas kept by so notorious a woman that she Avas called Kate Heart, that is, she had too tender a heart to deny any man. Ati this Avoman's house the Carrick priests used to bespe.ak a meat dinner on the Ossoiw meat days, and from -fifteen to twenty of tliem dined there during Lent. They crowed tlie stream Avhicli Avas the line of demar- cation betAveen a curse ' and' a blessing, and, Avith all manner of jpllificatioh.they feasted and drank till they Avere right' full of what,- had' they eaten it and clr.ank it at' the. other side of the bridge (five yards wide) would h.ave been an abomination and mortal sin ! Are the. Leiits in St Maiy's Presbytery, and the Sacred Heart, and St. Jolm's College, Avhite or black Lents? 