NEWS AND NOTES. This day’s events are as follow:—Meeting of Aus tralian Natives’ Association, Royal hotel, 8 p.m.; Panorama at Mechanics’ Institute; Meeting of Larner testimonial committee, 8 p.m; land board at Gordon; City Rowing Club’s concert, Academy of Music; meet* ing of All Saints’ Church, subscribers, 8.45 p.m. We regret to announce the sudden death of Mr John Sharkey, of Warrenheip, and one of the coun cillors for the north riding of Buninyongshire, who expired very unexpectedly at his residence on Tuesday morning, Mr Sharkey had been suffering from an affection of the lungs, but felt nothing unusual in the state of his health till Sunday morn ing, when he complained of a pain in his chest. This, however, passed off for a time, and on Tuesday morning, aa ha was at out to come into Ballarat to see Dr Nicholson, he was taken very ill, and went to bed. In the meantime Dr Nicholson was sent for, who on his arrival saw no signs of a rapid approach, of death in.his patient, but while the doctor sat down to, write a prescription Mr Sharkey suddenly expired, the cause of death being stated to be acute inflammation of'the. lungs, Mr Sharkey, was about fifty years of age, and leaves a wife without any family. He was a native of Kilkenny, Ireland, and came to this district in the time of the gold fever, being one of the origi nal shareholders in the old Great Extended and Band of Hope Companies. He afterwards, with Mr Maguire, purchased a large tract of land at Warrenheip, Maguire and Sharkey being for a long time well-known names about Warrenheip; At the time of his death Mr Sharkey owned a block of 320 acres of the choicest land in the neighborhood, and but recently purchased 640 acres at Clarendon. We hear that he died intestate. The work of the testing the 24-inch mains for the Gong Gong scheme was commenced oh Tuesday morning, at the Eastern railway station, by a gang of the commission’s workmen. A little over three years ago the first sod was turned at the Gong Gong, and now each day sees a finishing touch put to the works. The immense earthworks have assumed graceful proportions, and upon the huge bank stretching across the Gong Gong valley the green grass of spring is spreading a velvety carpet pleasant to look upon. The vast piles of granite and bluestone pitchers which were to be seen lying about a few months since have disappeared, and taken their places in the sloping lines of masonry about the works; and so nicely have the contractors made their calculations that there is scarcely a load of Stones to spare. The bridge over the byewash is nearly completed, and looking down, into the, bottom of the new reservoir one sees the water slowly creeping up the bank —very slowly indeed. The water from the weir above Kirk’s was turned into the aqueduct running into the Gong Gong on Monday, and though not a very large stream is running in, the masonry at the bottom of the dam was almost covered on Tuesday afternoon, the depth of the water - being about 9 feet. A start was made on Tuesday to mark out the pipe track leading from the valve house, and the first load of the new pipes was delivered on the same day, so that it will be seen the works are rapidly approaching completion. Men are busily employed in sloping down the tall brown cliff above the deviation road, and all around a clearance is being effected of what may be termed the unsightly things that sprang into existence with the commencement of the contract, The monthly meeting of the Ballarat Catholic Young Men’s Society was held in the hall, Dawson street, on last Monday evening; Mr L. Whyte, in the absence of the president, in the chair. There were nearly forty members present. A great amount of business relating to the annual ball, to be held in the City-hall on 7th September, was transacted. After the usual monthly accounts were passed for payment, the remainder of the evening was devoted to readings and recitations. A man driving a waggon along the North Mel- bourne road on Tuesday evening, near the Woodman’s hotel, had a narrow escape from being killed. Being somewhat intoxicated he fell off his seat just in front!. of one of the fore-wheels, and a horseman beside had' barely,time enough to - dismount and pluck the man from his perilous position. As it was the wheel bruised his thigh and side, and for thanks his rescuer' received plenty of abuse and a few kicks. Mr Scott attended at the Town Court on Tuesday, and dealt with one drunkard. A meeting was held in the Dana street Lecture-hall on Tuesday night, for the purpose of forming a union tor promoting evangelistic work. There were nearly 300 persons present, and the proceedings were begum by the Evangelistic Choir, under Mr W. Little, sing- ing the hymn, “Before Jehovah’s awful throne,” after .which the Rev. B. I, Watkin offered prayer. Another hymn; “ Shall we gather at the river ?" was sung, and then the Mayor of the City, Mr J. W. Gray,, was called upon to preside. On taking the chair he spoke of the great,j;ood which bad.resulted from Dr Somerville’s mission here, which services, he said, had led to the; present meeting being called. The hymn. “Let the lower lights be burning,” was then sung, after which the Rev. J. W. Inglis moved the first resolution, which affirmed the desirability of forming an evange lical alliance on Ballarat on similar basis to that in England, which the rev. mover explained. He pointed out that the chief objects of the present move ment were, the securing of greater union among the various evangelical churches, and the institution of schemes for the more effectual prosecution of Christian labor. Some more singing having taken place, the Rev. W. Clark seconded the resolution, which was supported by the Rev. J. Orchard, and carried unani mously. The hymn, “ There is a fountain filled with blood,” was sung, and then the Rev. J. J Green pro posed the second resolution providing for a committee, with Mr J. Campbell as president. The. Rev. E. I. Watkin seconded the motion,“which was carried with out dissent. The'hymn, “Rook ot' ages,” was then sung, and votes of thanks were passed to the chair man, the choir, and Mrs W. Little/ the meeting was closed with-prayer by the Rev. Mr Inglis. A meeting of the Ballarat Bast Board of Advice, was held at the Humffray street State school on Tuesday evening. Present—Messrs Russell (chairman), White head, Pritchard, Dunn, and Muller (correspondent). Correspondence entirely of a routine nature was dealt; with, and it was decided that the department should again be written to in reference to fencing-in the Golden Point school.- Mr-. Pritchard moved, and. it was resolved— 1 1 That the Minister, be, reminded of his, promise- with respect to purchasing the corner allot ment at St. Paul’s school, and that he be asked to grant £3 3s to plant the reserve with trees." The chairman reported that he had accompanied Professor Pearson in inspecting the Ballarat East schools re cently, and the correspondent informed the board that from what he had gathered from Professor Pearson, boards of advice would soon receive increased powers. It was agreed that the different schools should be visited next Thursday. Mr Whitehead informed the board that a gentleman had spoken to him'about his boy. The boy had come home in a distracted state of mind, one day lately. "‘His teacher had asked who was the Ruler of the Universe, and receiving the answer “ God,” had remarked “questionable.” The child in consequence had become troubled in mind. No action was taken. It was resolved that in future board-meetings should be held on the second Tuesday in the month, and the board then adjourned. Black Horses were particularly lively on Thursday at other places than the Corner. One attached to a waggonette, the property of Mr-Ryan, of Gordon, was standing at Mr. Kelsall’s establishment in Mair street, when it took fright and bolted along Lydiard street. Swerving into Sturt street, it dashed past the Corner, several “innocents ” who haunt that spot showing great agility in avoiding massacre. A horse standing in front of the Brunswick hotel had one of its hindlegs grazed. but not much hurt by the passing vehicle, and another horse narrowly, escaped a similar touch. The end came at the Buck’s Head corner, for here the runaway pitched into a Buninyong cab; the waggonette turned turtle, the shafts broke, and the horse continued its triumphant course, fragments of harness waving found it like trophies until • it was' stopped in the Melbourne road. It was found that the injuries to the waggonette, beyond the breakage of the shafts, were not serious, and the horse escaped with out a scratch. The unwonted turn of speed he dis played seemed, however, to surprise his owner, and more than one of the numerous bystanders, at the finish exclaimed, unconsciously quoting from Macbeth, “ Who would have thought he had so much blood in him.” The Ballarat Agricultural and Pastoral Society recently, forwarded a letter to the Chief Secretary requesting that steps, might be taken to prevent the importation of sheep from Tasmania, as a disease known as “blackrot” prevailed amongst the sheep of that colony. The letter was referred to the Chief Inspector of Stock; and the Age says he reports that, so far as he knows, there is no danger to be at pre sent apprehended from the importation of sheep from Tasmania. How is this for high ? We are informed,that on Tuesday sixteen snakes, varying from 3 to 4 feet in length, were killed on the farm of Messrs Charles Bros., Windermere. Nine of the reptiles were cap- tured under one log, and the others picked up here and there promiscuously. As our information is most reliable, coming as it does from one of the Messrs Charles, we can only recommend, the owners, and every one else who travels over the farm, to invari ably go armed with a stick and a bottle of strong ammonia. The St. Andrew’s Society held their annual ball and concert last night in the Societies’-hall, Grenville street, and had what our American friends call “a good-time.” Joseph Harbutt, a carpenter, found in a dying state in the bush, about twelve miles from Horsham, on Sunday, died immediately afterwards from exhaus tion and cold after heavy drinking. At the meeting of the Bungareeshire Council on 'Tuesday, a rate was struck of eighteenpence in the pound, the first moiety of one shilling, being payable to-day, and the remainder oh the Ist January, 1878. On Tuesday at the Sebastopol Police Court; before Mr Gaunt, P.M., Edward Hinchcliffe, for having no light on his cart after sunset, was fined 5s, costs 5s; and Benson Jungwith, for a similar offence, was similarly dealt with. An accident occurred to Mr Willis, as he was riding in from Morrisons to take his seat at the council table on Monday (writes our Ballan correspondent). When nearing a bridge at Pipeclay Gully, his horse shied and fell, capsizing his sister, who was riding alongside, and throwing Mr Willis some distance. The result, fortunately, issoul; a sprained ankle. "Another, pecu liar accident also occurred about the same time. VA horse with a cart was standing in front ot Mrs Baker’s store, when some horsemen riding up frightened the horse, which started off and capsized the cart, the horse turning; a complete somerset without injuring himself in the slightest. The harness was broken-to pieces. At a special meeting of the Garrick Club it was re solved that the first performance of the club take place in, the Academy of Music on the 14th Sep tember, when “The Ticket-of-Leave Man” and “Box and Cox ” will be produced. We (Maryborough Standard) gave an account the other day of the vagaries of a ghost near the railway station. It is now rumored that there is a “haunted house” in Maryborough. Something or somebody in white has been seen making nocturnal perambulations within the “haunted house,’’ and unearthly noises haya, also been heard issuing from it. Young Maryborough carefully, eschews that side of the road after dark. The late attempt at railway signalling was not a success, but the Argus says:—“ The Commissioner of Railways, however, has determined by some means to accomplish the object desired, and further experi-. ments will be made with more perfect apparatus. Probably a suggestion which has bean made to the Commissioner by Mr Murray, the inspector of rail, way telegraphs, will be found, after trial, to be one of the best which could be adopted. Mr Murray pro poses to employ electricity to establish the connection required. He suggests that a wire, should be carried along each carriage, communicating with a small electric bell in the guard’s van, and another bell in the engine, the connection being so arranged that the engine- driver and guard could communicate with each other. As the object of a passenger in sig nailing must, of course, be to stop the train, the communication, from the passenger carriage is with the engine-driver direct, any loss of time thus being prevented. Mr Murray’s plan for enabling it to be ascertained from which carriage the signal come is ingenious. The passenger, in order to establish the connexion, pulls a small handle in the side of the carriage, and this act causes a small piece of wood (the 'indicator') laid level on the outside of the carriage to become fixed perpendicularly to the side of the carriage. The indicator is fixed in such a position that the passenger inside cannot restore it to its former position, and the guard can thus ascertain at once from which carriage the signal proceeded. Mr Murray estimates that the cost of applying the apparatus to an ordinary train would only be about £6, the bat- tery costing £1, the bells costing about £1 each, and the wire the remainder. The connecting wires between the carriages being of steel, could be made spiral to allow of any slack required.. We understand that a large parcel of the new bronze coinage will be available at the local Treasury from to-day, No news reached us on Tuesday respecting the discovery of the bodies of the young men supposed to have been drowned in Lake Burrumbeet on the 10th inst. Mr Wm. Taylor, father of one of the lads, writes as follows from Burrumbeet:—“ We have been searching, and, so far, have found no traces of the bodies. We are now going to search on land, as I think there is some mystery about them. Burrum- beet, 21st August." We presume by the words "on land" Mr Taylor means the coast line of the lake which represents a circuit of quite 20 miles. There can he little doubt that the bodies have risen before this, but how long they might drift about over such a vast area of water as is represented by an area of 5500 acres, the exent of Burrumbeet, it is difficult to determine. Mr Byrant, of the De Murska Company, has been appointed mining manager of the Black Horse Com- pany's mine. The board of enquiry into the claims of certain mining surveyors and registrars, referred to in Tues- day's Star, sat and concluded its labors on Tuesday. The report of the commissioners will be forwarded to the Minister of Mines, and the result made known in due course. Count Marescalchi, a native of Bologna, Italy, and the Chevalier. L. Marinucci, Consul-General for Italy, at Melbourne, arrived in Ballarat on Monday, and their quarters at the Adelphi hotel. The count, who is travelling round the world, is a nephew; of Marshal MacMahon, President of the French Re public, and, we understand, holds an office under the French Government. These two distinguished gentle men visited the School of Mines on Monday, express- ing themselves as pleased with what they saw there, and, under the guidance of their host, inspected the Gong Gong works, the Llanberris claim, the Hospital, and other places of interest. ; On Tuesday the two gentlemen were shown over the City of Ballarat and Winter’s claims, by Mr Andrew Brown, but did not go below, as Signor Marescalchi had had an experience of that sort of thing in New Caledonia. The visitors left Ballarat by the afternoon train on Tuesday en route for Maryborough and Castlemaine. When the Minister of Education (Major Smith) was .passing through Caatlemaine on Monday afternoon (says the M.A, Mail) ;He was saluted and cheered by 660 children ; who attended the amalgamated school No, 119,, The youngsters were drawn up in double line, martial order. ; The receipts on the Victorian railways for the'week 5 ended 16tb August were £19,171 4s 7d, /as.against £16,906 9s lld-for the oorrespoUding week in last! ,year. ;; v . --.-*' *■ 1 .’ ~ . , ~ The following tenders were announced on Tuesday, at the Education Department; as being the lowest:— For the erection of a new school at Portland, George Findly, £29145 14s 6d ; extension; to new school at Woodend, W. M’Gibbon, £756; completion of school at Yerring, Robert Morton, £178 18s; erection of new school at Wood’s Point, Thomas Thorne, £13621. The lowest tender for works at Carisbrook, Deep Creek, and Rodborough, were not announced. ’ Mr.D.:Bropby, M.L.A, accompanied, by a number , of representatives of various public ■ bodies ‘in and' l around Ballarat; 1 St. Arnaud, and Maryborough.’-pro- :1 sented ' a petition on Tuesday ;to the, Hon., J. Gum ming, ML.C.,,’at Parliament-house, in favor of the line to Sc.,' Arnaud via Avoca.. The 7 petition bore about 6500.8igpa\ures, and:'on’; receiving it;Mr Gum ming said be-would present it to the Council: at-the earliesbopportuhify.' : ~ * ■-■■r.z.- L The following , entries have been .made for the Champion Pigeon-shooting S to be shot off. on : the.29th'inst.; at: Kensington Park:—J--AUender,' B. U*Nicholls, J. Whitehoueej P.'Pqx, Ballarat; E..G! Qreeves’' j.' K Pearsbny fStreatbamj, J. 1 S. Pearsbn, Dimboola; E. ,Tidy,r Rochester; Shem Jacop (assumed), Cressy;.A*,Clark, Camperdown; W. Big nell, Geelong; E.'Masterman, Sandhurst; r W. Sayer, Abraham. Brown (assumed), H. J*Rhodes, J. James - (assumed), J. Sandham, Philip - Davis, Melbourne. .Total, 18. ’ ; y 1 We remind coursing men that entries will close for the Champion Stake on the 27th inst., at. the usual ihouri 'The stake is tor . thirty-two' dogs, and’ should'' (as is quite likely) more, entriea be,received preference will be given to those dogs which have held highest .positions in the stake in which. they, may have qualified themselves.' Nominators must,’ in making entries, name ; the stake in-which the 1 dog was qualified, and the position taken in it.’ '" 1 ' The Rev. Samuel. Walker, incumbent of St Mary’s Church of England, Smythesdale, and the' adjoining’ parishes of Scarsdale and Haddon, having accepted the' pastoral charge of the church at Learmonth, preached his farewell sermon in the churches at the places named on Sunday last. Nearly fourteen years have elapsed (writes our correspondent); since Mr Walker undertook the above charge, during which time, notwithstanding the.gradual decadence of the chief- interest of the district (mining), he has succeeded in building new churches at Scars dale and Haddon, also a ‘ parsonage at Smythes dale, and ; renovating the. church at the latter place, nearly £1500 having been expended -in these works, leaving the several churches free from debt. Mr Walker’s pulpit ministrations during this lengthened period have been most acceptable, as evidenced by the fact that the amount of the single offertory of the present day exceeds that of the two under a previous arrangement. No clergyman could be more liberal than he in aasisting his brethren of the cloth at the different anniversaries,. &c.;, whilst his cheering, com forting attention in seasons of trouble and distress, the kindly counsel, and many a time, and oft the helping babd, will long be remembered by those he ■leaves behind.' ; Mr Walker’s the onerous duties of such an extensive’’ district has somerihat impaired his health, and indeed he has fairly earned a change, which it is hoped will be of service to him. His farewell sermons were preached to crowded con gregations, and he leaves the district with the best ; wishes of the whole community.- _ Matters seem to have come to a pretty pass now beWeen - State scholars and their masters, A gentle man ' who has been a teacher for the 'past ten years expressed to a friend yesterday his dread.of suspension under the following circumstances. In the large class that he teaches, a little knot- of a dozen-boys - have, since the issue of the flogging circular, become in subordinate. They have been sent .up for punish ment time after time, but the head master, afraid of committing himself, invariably pardons them, and the boys return worse than ever. One day recently, astohiahed at being told by one-of- these - boys whom he bad threatened with a caning, that “he had no right to cane, and that he would tell his mother of -the threat,” the master promptly gave him ,a smart cut; which stopped bis nonsense and reduced the chaos of the class to order. Since that day the'boy has not been to school, and the master-fully expects to hear more of the matter. The Government invites tenders this morning for \- the supply of railway firewood. ■ Messrs ft ,B. Paton'and H. M. Parker are nominated ■ for the vacancy in the East Riding'School Board; Bal laratshire, and the poll will be taken on the'27th inst. Of the new plan of lighting railway trains, fha Argus remarks that “ with the introduction 1 of 'gas a large numberof theattendants can be dispensed with,as the lights will be fixed, and the breakage will also be reduced to a minimum.” . : ' In the matter of- railway signals a ' correspondent -writes as follows“-Allow me to suggest a plan which I think will be- found simple, at the samo .time effective. My plan would be to have on the root of each carriage a dark lantern with a strong reflector at back, pointing either to the guard or driver, the slide which to be connected by means of a wire with • each,compartmentin' the carriage, so that when, the wire is pulled it will cause u : strong flash'Of light- to 'be thrown towards either the guard’s van or engine. ;Tha whole of the compartments of each' carnage'may be connected with the same light or eignal, but the wire communication should be so fixed that it would not return to its place again until the'shade had again been placed oyer the. light, showing which part'of the carriage had used the eignal, care to be taken that the .signals from tha. several carriages are not fixed;in. a line. This, I think;* would answer :ali purposes; for mght time, and the day-' signals' may be made : of ;-a very bright rod signal boarf or 'flag managed in the same way. ;If;, the guard is on the look-out'as he should be, he could not fail-to see the signal.”.- .. It will be remembered that the'late Government carried a! bill in the last Parliament by which the suc cession- duties were increased! from 5 per cent, on £lOO,OOO .and upwards to* 10-per cent. Before the bill was passdd (remarks the Agt),‘ Major Bell, of Bell. Park, Geelong, died,But . his executors did not apply: ,for probate until ‘afteftbe act oame into operation. ■ ’■lt was held, on -behalf of Ithe QoverhinenViihatGthe highor rate, and not the lower rale paid on the estate. Under the W ment would have received about £i>; nnn Qote «. higher rate the estate would v’ oo0 ’ but by Z double that amount. The casa'tw before Judge Molesworth, and he \ a Eqait/ lower rate should be paid, Cld .l d the died before the act was passed, and thaZ^Z® higher duty would in effect be to mV tb epect ve. The Government Molesworth's dectionw the M the Pull Court holding that the T bate being made aftfr the p^ina^flZ® fot nf fl? th ! “ 3euoe oE Ule proceeding £TheaCtto,lsß of the estate appealed from i°*.. .Courts the Privy body hasyust-been received by the ?' hl i? S ,t a T Ve / eVeraed the decree of the p in pharkrf upheld Judge Molesworth’e decision ThM° Utt ’ at,d of duty only will therefore have to onm ° Ber nta estate. ;■ , 76 t 0 com e out of Sir Bryan O'Loghlen, Bart, on from his younger brother (a™ twi 764 a announcing his election to the House of p fta Ar W the county of Clare, in olaca nf i[ Commons for O’Loghlen. Bir Bryan returned a r^ly^h 0 '?! 5 ” •the electors for returning him in his .I.. 7, country,, but it .is not likelv 1:01111 colony for some months. J he wUI •»" this police superannuation fund, which is» s from the interest'accruing from a mm nf mde U P -apart for that purpose, from a percenkef ““f 7 86i from 1 , the 1 pay of the police, and from an ed " ctlo » of £2OOO from 'tte consolidated reve“u? Tota .inadequate (says the Age) to ; meet made upon it, and a further sum will have out of the consolidated revenue to meet the The Oovernmeit have a acheme uTdcr tW nn”?' ration by -which this fund will be made T dc ’ regular deduction from the pay of the ifnU P m* same principle will underlie the suneini ; ' > thab_ will bl created S Service'Act Amendment Bill, a measure the (tv ment hope to introduce and. carry in theearifc of next session. . ‘ P>» states:-" Captain William Young re . siding at; Bandenong, was found dead on Sain//, ■ The Home News of ; Bth June says :~‘‘lt is said »md believed by many people who ought to know eom»- thing about such a subject, that hi Royal flight Prince Leopold will eventually take orders as a clew? man in the England. We give the S for what it- mar be* worth. It would interesting and; startling precedent if it turn out to be true, . and it would probably have the effectof recruiting the. English clergy from a better class of men than now enter the sacred calling.” The Herald _ says that the following is the latest betting •—A.J.O.,; Derby—6 to iagst Chester,* to 1 agst Salisbury, 6 to 1 agst Woodlands, 10 to lasst any other-..: Metrop—s to 1 agst Timothy. 5 ; ’ There was another, full house at the panorama of the American War on Tuesday night. This evening it will be shown here for thelast time, as the company go to Geelong tormorrow. 7 1 , Tlle annual concert maid of the City Bowing Club’s funds will take place to-night in the Academy of Music. The programme, which appears elsewhere, is a good one, and should command great attention. ’ Our advertising columns announce the coming again of Mr Levy,' the cornet player, accompanied by several artists of eminence, including the popular Signor Rosnali. Subscription tickets for the season 'may be had at Bard well’s Royal Studio, Sturt street. The B.C.C. annual meeting will be held at tha Pavilion to-morrow evening. - 