TRUE My name is Hunt. Yes, sir ; Anthony Hunt. I am a settler and drover oo -this Western praire. Wilds! Yes sir, it's little -else than wilds now, but you' should .have seen it wbeu I and my. wife 'fiirst moved up here. (There was not -a house within right for miles. Even now we have not many neighbours : but those we have are downright good ones. To appreciate your neighbours as you ought, sir,y6u must just live in these lonely places, so far removed from the haunts of What I Sim about to' tell qf happened ten-years ago.. - 1 was going to the dis- -tant Abwn, or . settlement, to sell some fifty-; head of. -cattie-ifine- creatures, - sir, as ever, you saW. The journey was ; a thorp rare eyent-with me than it-is now ; add tmy- wife had always plenty .of com missions to charge me "with in. the shape of dry goods and groceries, and such-like, things. _ , ; "iOur youngest child was a sweet little : gen&e; ;thing, who hid fceeu named after heAaunt, Dorothy. We called the child Dolly..7 This time my .-commission, jn- clnfisd'one for her ts dolL 'She - had never had a real doll ; ; that is,-! a bought doll ; -only the rag 'bundles, 'her. mother (hade for hef. ; Fdr.'sqtoe ifeja.'before fay departure thechild -could 'talk of nothing else— or we,' either; for' ."the matter of that— for she was a jgreat jpet, the -dar- lingnf us alU' It waskobh' bijg qofi.piflilqUiieih -hait' andJ biqfi ;;ees. I shall never forget the childs1 words-the mdrolng J ivas qtortonMAhe ten ' After jthe to the gat or the iptetty .picture she made.v There .are eomechfldteh'.aweeter and' prettier -than others, sir, as yon .can't but; have noticed, and Dollyswas one. ;; '"'A yely big doll, pleaSe, daady' she called oat after-me. " 'Andl 'bring itveiy soon." I ; I turned to nod a "yOs'l -.fedwr totihe stood in her dean -whitney-brown pina- fote agamsi'.'thegate. her nut-brown hair falling- Jn curls 'about her .neck;' and the liit breeze.stirring them. ; "A bravedoll," I answered, ?' for toy : Tobody yibiiiid briieVe, I daresay, bo foil my tiipnghts were of ihat prupaiBCd doll; a3 Irode olong, or what a nice .one ,1 meant to . ;I Apent-mbney fa what my ' good thrifty wife" would have catied wasto ; but Dolly- .'yfa; Dolly,' and; .faeant) to. .do , It now. i ..... 11 J: chases; aod in:had;no' eud pf ' parcels J fagar, "rice," caudles— but I need nbt weaiy. jon; 'srr wito:!jfiiSljof ''thBtflf.'-: iigeuifer'wiffi'lne "cahtb'forll8hirts' cahd- ' rife' ilSteq's nd'fibpkk' 'Xitist-of ail," ! fyeoi aboiitkbre doll abd fohhd a beauty, ft 'wae'ndb'as big as Dolly, or half as" big; but it bad flaxen curls and sky- blue eyes ; and by dint of pulling a wire you conld open or shut "the eyes at will. ' " Do it rip carefully," I said to the storekeeper. " My little datighter would cry sadly if any harm came to'it The day 'was orettv well ehded before all iny work was done ; aud just for a moment. or" twh T hesitated whether I should not Btay in the town and' start for home in the morning. It would have- been the most prudent course. But I thought of poor Dolly's anxiety to- get' her treasure, and of my own happiness qn watching the rapture in her delighted eyes." So " with my parcels packed in the seat way they could be, I mounted my horse and started. It was as good and steady a horse as you erer rode, sir ; but night began to to 'set in before I was well a mile away from the town ; it seemed as if it were going to be an ugly night, too. Again' the wonght struck me— Should" I turn' back ahd wait till'.moniiOg ! I had tbe price of the cattle, you see, sir, in my breast pocket ;' and robberies, aye, and murders also,, were not . quite unknown things on the prairie. But I had my brace of mrre'plsthls withmejwnd detided to press Onwards. The night came on as dark as pitch, and part ofthe'-way 'my road would be pitch dark besides. Bnt On that score I had no fear : r I knew the road -well, -every inch of it : though I : could not "ride so fast as Ishodld have done fa the "light. I suppose) and I knew the time must be close upon midnight when I 'was about sixuriles from home, I suppose,' and T knew "the time muBt be past ' midnight, when the storm which had ' been brewing broke. The thonder roared, "the rain fell in -tor rents 'ihe'best I could do was to press pnvmrds in it. ; ' AH at on'ce, as T rode on, a cry startled me : a faint,' writing sonnd like ' the' cry of a child. Seining up,- I sat -still and listened.: Had I teen' mistaken! No, there'it was Again. : Bnt in what - direc- tioul conld hot tell.' 1 couldn't see a' thing ; it was, as T-have said,' as dark as pitch. Getting offmy horse,' I felt about, : but could 'find nothing. - : And - while - 1 was seeking, the cry came again : the faint -moan of a child in pain. Then I began to wonder. I am not aopehttitious ; bit 4 asked myself how it was' possible that a child conld be out on the prairie' at: such an hour and insneh a night.' No : a real child it coold not be. - - : Upon that, icame another -thought—1 one less .welcome : was it s trap - to' hinder me on iny way and ensnare me! There might be midnight robbers who would easily hear of my almost certain ride home thai night and of tbe money I shonld have abont me. I don't think, sir, I am " more timid than other people ; not as much so, per haps, as some : but I confess the idea made me uneasy. My best .plan was to ride -on ns fast as I could, and get out of the mystery into safe quarters. Just hoe was abont the darkest bit of road in all tlie route. Mountiag my horse, I was about to urge him on, when the cry Came again. It cfuflnonnd like a child's ; the plaintive wail of a child neady ex hausted. " God guide me I said, undecided what to' do. And as I sat another moment listening; I once more heard the cry, fainter and more faint. I threw my. self off my horse, with an exclamation. "Be it ghost, or be it robber, Anthopy Hunt is not one to abandon a child to die withont trying to save it." But how waB I to save it J— -how find it ! The' more 1 searched about, the less could my hands light on .anything, save the rioppy earth. The voice had : quite ceased now, bo I had no guide from that While I stood trying to peer into the darkness, all my ears alert, a flood of sheet lightning suddenly illumined the plain. At a little distance, jnst beyond a kind of ridge or gentle hill,T caught a glimpse of something white. It was dark again in a moment, but I made my. way with unerring instinct Sore enough, there lay a pour little ' child. Whether boy or girl I could not tell' It «eemed to be three parts insensible nbw, as "I took it up, dripping -with wet, from the sloppy earth. " My poor little thing 1" I said, as I' hushed it to me. " We'll go and find mammy You are all save no w," And fa answer, the child just put- oat its feeble hand, moaned once, and nestled close to me. With the child hnBhed to my breast,. I rode on. Its perfect silence soon showed me that it slept And,; Sir, ' I thanked God that He-had let me -Save- it; -and 'I thought how gratefhl some poor "mother would be i -But I was full of wonder, for £11 that; wondering what extraordinary fate had faken ahy yoiing child to that solitary spot ' Getting in eight qf home, I ' saw all the windbws alight ' Deborah had done it for me, I thonght — to gnide me home in safety throngh -the darkbesk - But presently. I knew that -something must twtiie matter, for the :yery few neii1 bouts we had were collected, there. My heart stbod still with fear, 1 thought of some .calamity to que or other of - tiie children; q hia haved a like one from perishing"; bnt' -What might .not have happened to my OwU ! - ' Hardly daring to lift the latch; while my poor tiredJhocse ntood.still and mute tortride,' I went slowly in, the child fa my. arms covered, over , with the flap of my long coat My wife was weeping bitterly. "What's amiasjP I asked in a faint Woice. , -Andn it ; seemed that a whole; chorns of voices answered me." " Dolly's lost" Dolly lbsti' Just for a moment ' my heart turned sick. . Then, some instinct, like a ray of light and hope, -eased upon, me. Falling the coat the face of -the child I held; I -lifted the tittle sleeping thing to the dightyaod saw Dolly ! Yes, sit., j The child l had saved was no other than tny qwn— my little Dolly.; And I knew that God's good angels had guided me to" save her,- and that the first; kibuk juteiat-the .right moment '.to. qhow ,me. wqete rito:"lay.:' It pas -hte white- sun. -bonnet -:-tliBt; ihad- caught ' piy faye.7 My. darling it was; sad up other, that " I had picked up onthedreuohedroad. , ' : ) DdUy,'an&)us for hertioU, . had; dered out ouserii to meet me in the hfteHlooitt.' - Fdtsoine hoars She was not rnissfedi ' Tt chaheefiithat- my two elder girli had' gone over to onr nearest heigh- bonr's, ahd rny wife, missing the child jnit afterwards, took it for granted she Was with them. The little one had come on and on, until night and the storm overtook her, when she fell down frightened and utterly exhausted. I thanked Heaven aloud before tbem all, sir ; as I said that none bnt God and Bis holy angels had guided me to her. it's not much of a story to ItBten to, sir ; 1 sun aware of tbat. -But I often think of it in the long nights, lying awake : and I ask myself how 1 could bear to live on now, had I run away from the poor little cry in the road, hardly louder than a squirrel's chirp, and left my child-to die , ; Yes, sir, you are right ; "that's Dolly oUt yonder with her mother, picking fruit : the little trim light figure -in pink —with just the eame sort of white sun bonnet on her head 'that she wore -that night ten years ago. She is a girl- that was worth saviiig. sir, though 'I- say-it :' and God knows that as long- -as my life lasts I shall' be thankful that I came on home that night, instead of etaying'in the town. 