WHITECHAPEL. ((ROU MAYFAIR, MAHCU G) On Monday evening, the 26th February, three people, each having his own special mission to fulfil But out on a journey of exploration to the East I was one of the three, and the artist of Mayfair iron another. At the Leman Street Police Station, Whitechapel, we were met by an inspector and a sergeant, the former at once shrewd and genial, and the latter good humouredly retí cent and observant The inspector, brisk and business like, put us to our work at once, and the sergeant, quietly noticing matters generally, and speaking, like the proverbial ghost, only when spoken to, brought up the rear. 1 iron to the cells A narrow passage on the ground floor with half a dozen doors on either side of it, the doors painted a darkish drab, and fitted with bells and sliding windows of perforated won. At the sound of our footsteps in the narrow passage one of the inmates taps at the perforated slide in the door and asks for police. "Drunk, gentlemen, ' explains the urbane official who conducts us here, and drops the slide. The occupant of the cell lurches at the opening, red faced, red eyes, dis- hevelled, half way back to sobriety and repentance. "How are you from the inspector. Coffee Says the dishevelled inmate of the coll. 'All right," and the slide snaps back again like an ii' tempered answer. Another door, "Drunk, gentlemen," says the urbane official " and incapable ' Quite incapable when brought in, we are told. Not especially capable now, it would appear The man has his back towards us, and is a great stalwart fellow-a Seafarer evidently from his pilot cloth dress and his brown neck and hands We stand at the door for three or four minutes watching him, and he utterly unconscious of our presence, dances in a languid lumbering way to the hoarse measure of the half tuneless song be hums meanwhile Came in five hours ago, we are told so very drunk that a finger laid upon the naked eyeball produced no motion in him, A matter of doubt whether is would not be necessary to use the stomach pump, but here he is, after a debauch the like of which would inevitably kill you or me, recovering jollity after a few hours' sleep, and beguiling his leisure hours with dance and song. " We shall give an eye to him now and again," says the official, " according to rule He'll be as right as a rivet to morrow." With that he shuts him up again, and leaves him to his imaginary audience, and whilst we remain in the passage we hear his lumbering shuttle and his lady channt Another opened doors reveals a clean, tidy, buxom looking little woman, with an no mistakeable Inch face " Drunk," says the officer again. ' An' mores the pity," re ponds. the little woman She was a fool for coming here, so she says, and has three children at home " I can't got out," says the little woman, like Sterne's starling , but she resumes her Beat philosophically, with a not uucheeifulamilo on her apple face We peep into another cell or two. " Thieves." they they look at us with a sulky stolidity, and the boat and the perforated Bltdo have each their ill tempered little word to Bay us they chap back on the prisoners and restore them to darkness and quiet Out in the BI rest, side by side with the inspector, the observant sergeant bringing up the rear, and keeping a good-humoured eye on things in general I drop back to him and ask a question or two Result-never wear uniform on a jaunt like this. Well known ' Rab there The governor's known everywhere, bless you. The people know, don't you see, that we don't want to do 'me any harm. Just see they're all right and clean and orderly, you know Best friends they ve got in the lodging houses and that sort of place. Not being further questioned the observant sergeant Boys no more The inspector leading the way walks through an open door and up a flight of stairs 'The Prussian Late, Ratcliff Highway, gentlemen. The residents of the Highway and its neighbourhood Uko their pleasure here. In one corner of a good sized room, on a raised platform and behind a desk, Bit three musicians blowing with might and main The ceiling of the room is not too high and the musicians are able bodied men The floor is cleared for dancing, and a giant of a fellow in rough pilot cloth suit and a wideawake is waltzing with a little girl, we over be almost mothers in his embraces There are a dozen girls or SO here, and they are not well off for partners just at present. Numerically I mean. They are not likely to be well off for partners in any other sense at any time. Jack is gone rous enough, I believe, but he is of ton a good deal of a blackguard, and his reputation for constancy is not high. Now this place is orderly and well conducted and clean The manners of its people are not those of May- fair, but they are good of their kind. But look, if you please, at the faces which line the room, and having looked, forbear to wonder at the fact that this district is rather noted for its criminals. Next look at the girl in grey, and notice the incredible contrast of her face with all the scoundrelism and brutality, and all the sensual groeneR of the faces round about her. It is a good little face rather than otherwise. Indeed, I have seen a pre Raphaello angel or two in my time whose facts were far below this intellectual and spiritual standard. She takes a seat at the table round which our party has gathered A very pretty, innocent, good looking little English girl. "Sure nothing ill can dwell in such a temple." But a question or two will finally dispose of this illusion, and you may go away with material for a heartache And what are the three able bodied musicians playing, think you? "Oh, love for a year, a week, or a day, but, alas for the love that loves alway." Ah, the pretty lyric writer is altogether wrong. Though the great emerald of Kandahar prove paste though kings be knaves and gold a liar I would rather my soul were a miser of its love and kept it long than that it took this foolish motto for its guide. Give it breath, musicians. Blow out the miserable text of your windy sermon, and come back to it with melancholy iteration. Oh, love for a year, a week, or a day, and UIBB ! and alas ! and alas ! for the love that loves so. Next a music hall in the same district, a minute's walk distant, perhaps. A miniature "Oxford," with promenade and stalls and private boxes. Now here if anywhere is Comedy's opportunity. In a private box overlooking the stage is an East end dandy. He sits there in majesty-alone. He is surrounded by lace curtains-or curtains which at this distance look like lace-and by gilded mouldings, "proper toff, a reg'lar 'owler.' Only the vernacular can lay a far- off reverent hand upon his glories. Is there not an East em cuneo of luxury about the idea? He is eating whelks and smoking a short clay, and drinking hot grog. I may remark en passant, that my friend, the artist, rejoices in him and gloats over him, and vows to reproduce him, I expect to find him when I see these lines in print, in his habit as he lived. Serenely, consciously great and beautiful and happy, the cynosure of all eyes, the observed of all observers, the glass of fashion and the mould of form. With Oriental luxuriousness he takes his whelks and his hot grog and his tobacco all at once a devil of a fellow, to whom expense is positively nothing. For the moment a Crocus, who can afford to mix his devotion, and who gives the less favoured a treat by displaying himself I confess in this connexion that I have been a dandy in my day. The receipt of a legacy Elided a month or two of electing youth, and I am rather inclined to fancy that to the eye of observers I was great. But never in my wildest dreams did I arise to such a majestic conception of m j sent ; neverwasIsoEoreuely, BO perfectly at ease, never so happy in my Riad display as the man in the private box. I envy him, and shall envy him for ever. There is an altogether unspeakable creature on the stage; a lower Leybourne, a milder Macdermott, a less fortunate Vance, a con- cert-ball comic" in short ; and incredible read, with all his native points exaggerated by the fact that, he is dressed to imitate a gentleman. He struts and frets and yells his little moment on the Stage, bragging his success with the fair, and the commonalty applaud herewith something approaching to ferocity. The man in the private box sets his elbows on the front of it in noble ease, and looks down upon the singer as he disappears. I When you are at the opera you notice that the hand-clapping and the " Braves" come from the crowd, in pit and gallery and upper boxes. Nil admirals is the motto of your genuine dandy. As in the west BO in the east. The nobleman in the private box returns to his whelks and his tobacco and his grog, and is altogether too splendid to offer one sign of admiration. We leave him re- luctantly to his glories, and at a motion from the inspector we are gone. "A foreign music hall, says the inspector, and calls attention to the different types of faces round the room. Swarthy cheeks and coal black eyes everywhere. Picturesque waistcoats and picturesque hats, and little naring blotches of colour in the handkerchiefs worn by the men and the ribbons worn by the women. An atmosphere which tastes of grog, and tobacco, and beer, and sawdust. On the stage three musicians, one of them playing a double bass of about the size of a four-post bedstead. Another plays the cornet, and a third- the man to the left as you enter plays the clarionet He is a fat man and a comfortable, and is the most perfectly self contented and calmly-supercilious creature I have seen, I have seen Professor Huxley and have admired him, but I amnotexagge isting shea I say that: the cataract player leaves him miles behind in the matter of facial expression. A girl on the stage sings a song She is evidently an Italian, and in the midst of all these foreign faces she haunts in a strong, coarse, evil Bounding voice "Then Blue, 'Hurrah for Mr,- r.a biBgh ' " The room with the clarionet smiles a little on if the incongruity of the idea amused him, and the young lady having borrowed rt cap from one of the bystanders comes down to us to make a collection. She is rather handsome, in a sort of bold, uncom- promising, uncomfortable way , with her big audacious eyes, and her cloche the colour of a ripe brown berry, her hair is well soaped so that it clings tightly to her forehead, and two narrow bands of scarlet ribbon running over it Best IT is blackness and the swarthy 1 beauty of her eyes and skin The dirty and barbaric splendour of her dress is only to be hinted at We pay our mite and go, and having touched so far the outside edge of our subject only, we follow the inspector past the boundary line, and go straight to one of the ugly centres of it is he night be gins to promise wildly, as we reach the street, and a keen wind takes us at the corner, and the stealthy rain begins to fall We follow through winding ways, lined with mean houses, and find BingB here and there which he speak our nearness to the waterside The gaslights grow fewer, and the houses meaner, and the wind grows keener, and the stealthy rain more rapid as we go After many winding ways we come upon a little lane with wooden boarding;) at each side of it, and from this to a little court surrounded by, perhaps, a dozen houses At the door of one of these the inspector causes and calls Johnson." There is an answer- ing voice inside, and a woman appears with a candle "All alone, Johnson?' asks the inspector, looking past the woman into the room beyond her A quaint, cracked voice makes some unintelligible reply, and a quain' Cgure come into the light " Mo jelly melt," HUJB the quaint creature in answer to the inspector, and straightway climbs the dark and winding and narrow stairway which leads to the upper room. We follow and find a chamber with one large bed in it, and a dull fire flowing like an angry eye at one side of the Boom On the bed a pillow, and a little stand with a spirit lamp burning on it, giving a little ghostly light from its tiny tongue of blue and pointed flame About the stand lie one or two very small earthenware pots each about the BITS of a common pill bri, more or less On the bad are scattered two or three pipes with thick stems and big wooden heads. "Nobody here just now, eb, Johnson'' No, sava Johnson, three or four went away five minutes back We make shift to understand just so much of Johnson's meaning, whilst he murmurs in that quaint, cracked little time, disposing himself the while upon the bed, with his head upon the pillow. Lying there he looks round at us for a second, shading the light of the lamp from his own eyes, then takes up one of the pipes and, in the other hand, a knitting needle, with a dark lump at the end of it. He holds the dark lump, which is about the size of a small gain, over the lamp and tempers it at the side of the pipe bowl, and packs it little bit by bit in the narrow hollow which runs through the head of the pipe His yellow Chinese face is thin and wrinkled like a dry old parchment and is hard and dry like old and seasoned wood. He is like an old carving with a yellow parchment skin drawn tightly over it. The yellow parchment skin is drawn so tightly that it looks quite imme hill and dead, and incapable of change There is a good deal of the skull in all Chinese face, and rather more of it than common in Johnson's I am not mean simply mentary to Johnson's personal appearance when I say that he reminds me of a death's head with live ex gain it The live eyes are more recently for the dead face and the dead face is the more ghastly for the live eyes. There is a light upon his face and hands, and no- where else, and the shadows are dense and dark above him and about him, The atmosphere is close and heavy. The file rustles behind me, and at my cures the wind lays a stealthy finger upon the panes, and the rain taps timidly at them now and then. My friend the artist whispers me that the place reeks with opium, and that everything in the room except the Ure ii dank and moist with it. There is just such a cold moisture on Johnson, certainly, M jounce one coloured meerschaum Borne times As he moves the little head of opium above the flame of the lamp the light shines through the edges of his fingers with a faint yellow glow as though the man were made of half transparent home It takes him two or three minutes to fill the pipe, and only a minute at the outside to smoke it. Holding the bowl above the lamp, he Bucks at the pipe, and the opium burns with a hissing noise Four or five great puffs of smoke ox haunt it, and it has to be filled again, in the old Blow, careful way. He fills and smokes three pipes talking to the inspector now and then He tells us the price of his supplies of opium , this-a woman's thimble filled with the treacle like massage sixpence, This little earthenware- pots shilling. Tula, eighteenpence. Does opium smoking suit him ' No, he says, and then with a eli white band placed under his coat he tells us, " Me keep, kopp, kopp, all day " Then with a finger on his wrist he indicates the thinness of his withered story Hand and wrist are yellow and thin, and hard and claw-like -are like the leg and claw of a canary. "Johnson," says the inspector, has been in England three and twenty years, and spoke about as good English as he speaks now when he came." Johnson, who understands, raises his ghostly sea and authors, "Ms opceky really good Inglis," but in spite of this claim he is never much more than half intellif able. When me speeky good Intlif, ' says Johnson with such faint emphasis on "food" as he is strong enough for, " me goes back Chinee We gather from him amidst many printed ligible murmurs that it would take three or four of each pipes as he smokes to produce insensibility in an unpractised hand, and that an old Smoker has to take seven or eight He generally has five or six people 1 eio smoking, but we are too late to see them now. At the inspector's request he makes three opium cigarettes for the doctor, the artist, and myself There is a sense of Johnson's claw-like clammy hands about them, to my fancy, but we smoke them nevertheless We discover a slightly, very slightly bitter taste afterwards, but the Bn oke is sweet and soft and smooth, and rather pleasant than otherwise We bestow a (hot-air upon Johnson and go our way, passing at the corner of the court the house to which Lascar Sal' resided It is empty now, but readers of Edwin Drood' know it from the masters hand as well as if they had been inside it. Some American gentlemen who were great admirers of Dickens bought the opium smokers' bedstead there, and took it home with them as a relic and a memento Having come away with the opium cigarette in full blast, I resign myself to fancy what strange weird dreams may flit through that yellow death's head of Johnson's, and what wild vagaries wake not in it. What glories of the sea and river and city of Cathay, what Victoria of piled-up palaces touching skies of unimaginable Splendour , what dreary night- mares from the neighbouring Thames, with every darkling wave also with faces, and every hulk alive, and every mast a beckoning or a warnie g finger ; what animal horrors in the teeming life about him what magnify centres to which Arabian Nights were poor ; what squalor to which the forth fcomenesB of Eugene Sue's fancies might be clean. Then De Quincey's visions of the Nile mud got such a hold upon me, in the gloomy must, with the ram and the dismal wind about me, that I threw away the cigarette half smoked, Just at that second the inspector touched me on the arm " 1 his " he said, " we call the Bridge of Sighs down here." A gloomy place The water stretching light and left black SB rule, with that body lights gleaming here and there, and a dol. ful ram upon it, and the dreary wind washing it with waste murmurs and gurgles at the wall SOME swindlers in Spain having ended v used to obtain money from a number of persons in various parts of Scotland, by promising to reveal the whereabouts of large quantities of hidden treasure, a communion tiunwiiB addressed to Lord Derby, who had just replied that Her Majesty's Minister a Madrid had reported that such practices were far from being of rare occurrence m S pair. The French Minister likewise stated that he had received numerous complaints from France of frauds practised by the parties concerned in this case Mr Layard had brought the case to the notice of the Spanish Government, who had promised to take steps to put an end to those proceedings. in Dublin, on March 21 a young woman named Connor summoned Dr. Lynch to the police court for having damaged a silk dress She had a few days ago been bridesmaid to a cousin, and the defendant was one of the wedding guests. He several times attempted to kiss her, and in their struggles her dress was torn. He also accidentally spilt some tea on it. The dress was worth £1, and he promised to replace it, but did not She said she complained of his conduct to her aunt who only laughed, and said "she should get need to it For the defence it was pleaded that he only took the recognised liberties with a brideBmald, but the magistrate said that not being " best man" he was not privileged The case excited amusement, and ultimately the magistrate told all parties to " get Main Qu* Of that," 