\ TALES AND SKETCHES. | CHASTET KANOE-HODSE. J. 6HD8T gTWtV CHaXXSB 7X 8cCK was the legend of Chantry ; -nd my friend ended by tellinz me that a few ]an before m- tenancy of die old mmnOD it was occupied by ? family who were absent from home* pat de-l. and wen in tin habit of rstarmng unexpectedly. One night tbe lodgi-keeper ana around by (he Bound of eaniaei-wbeele which cam* rapidly along the road, and then polled up. Tbe man sent oot ; the horses were snorting impatiently ; be opened the gates and they peered through. Afrwatsrs wmdmnK in tbe heavens, but, to hi. aaUllMiiment and tenor, be ooold not Swam any otgeet, and when he called ant there m no response. Upon ioqmry m the ?mailing it was found that tfae umfly baa not vzrived,end that no carriage had gone to the borne or etaHea that night. The old man pnttSabed his adrantnrr brand .near through the village, but only got hatred si for hi pains, and aiaa advised not to here Us warm bed again, for it waa 'only the phantom carriage going to the moat.' It need scarcely be recorded, be ?ever' ass. I went home comforted, though I can scarcely aay why. The story bad not been ancfa a very dresdnd otie ; and it wae a satisfsc tion to feel that the house wn batmtedby the innocent victim rattier than the saniderers, tfaonih why he ehonld revenge himself by jagfatemiif! people oot of tonr mdsbs who wwe oot even descended from than who had injured Uni. I could not imagine. Any am;, the place aeemed to Ham a {vernation for me. I felt interested in the dining-room, formerly the banqueting-hall, when the young earalier had partaken of each fatal bosnibuity; in tfae aWwmg-raom, in whiefa probably tbe fair girl had played far the laat time, in ber ouemmjiua banpmets, tbe alluring abaim which lolled to sleep every thought of honour and loyalty and duty. I listed the moat, and looked long and CaaaTosstiy into tiie oeep bqHcq 'rater* fnwfnn IDT Out fautOFY 01 O1BW mt£1Tt WtU DS DUIISd. latnciedleooldtse tfae lackering light of the lantern held by the mmoiaukae. Christopher, aa be tamed aside from the road and guided the carriage with ite firing freight to their doom. I earns to lliiiil , as I pondered npon dte legend, dntliothmg I had enter seen or heard would frighten me again ; I even imagined that thegbratB would nodentand bow entirely my aympetfairB were aroused, and hold me exempt from liirllifT vjaifcafaon. In a few days I went np to london qtritrj cheerfaDy, and brougbt my wife home. A week nDed smoothly on, and Botfaing of any kind o'eured to meleat us from tbe Bring or tfae dead. Fatal lull before file storm ! It waa die middle of January ; shortly before ~M.^J.- «n coming to our roomsmy wife rang her bell, and in ? Ettte fane Tuiui e elAjsj nmiii he heard w lining quietly along the corridor. Apparently she bed jest reached the atsps leading to our landing when we were startled by aloud Bcream,mj wife's door wu opened nnceiemotiionsly, and Treror rnahed in, an tmlighted candle in one band, her (see while as ashes, exriaimrogin a tone of extreme terror, 'O ma'am, the ghost f I emerged from my dreaing-room, and went «t once to tfae fescue; baton seeing; the woman so painfully agitated, I took my wife seine and recommended her to ok no questions until she should fare calmed down a UtUe. As I eiueclei, after a burst of hysterical her story, and I wiQ repeat it in her own words. 'I was coming slong Osftjterc passage '(O, the hatred of it uprated in those two words '.), ?thinking no more of gbosts tfasn nothink, when,juatul come don to die door, a put of wind, which eoman't come from momken — though there isn't a window anywhere near the places-blew my candle right our, and at 6w very minute -?''*1'rrr; seemed to esrch hold of my gown and pull me right back off tbe atepa again ; and when I broke sway from r*. I beard a era* of e%h doss behind me— 'twas T^&*f£&tentAlaZJ;?to£Zba* erer I opeced die door; and atop in tsh boose I wont, for no monsy.' Poor Trevor! she fittie knew to what extent I could sympathise with ber. For my wife'e sake I did my best to laugh her out of ber fan, to treat die whole thing aa a mere practical joke, played upon her by one of das tenants, who bad doobaees followed ber down the passage^ chosen the right moment to extinguish tfae light, and puQed hex J£UWU Tery mpniasnsiMe, but saw fanny. Trevor refnsed to see the 'fun,' of it, or to allow herself to beeomferted. She stood firm in her Tesohje tolaara die home, and so* to Ie»e mj, wife's bedroom; nothing ebonld induce ber, she dadand, to go along the corridor tin dayught. However, in time we pacified bar, and she permitted me to pBot Tier in safety loner own suaruueut: and toe next day the story waa anauated tfanoghont the boose, with embeffish SDenta and vanaboos. ? Emrisaoeea ' (or what we an pleased to call aneh) happen occasionally in all hoosrholrU, aidatdiiscntkal jsaetmal recerrada. letter from an old Indian chen, begging that I would kok oot at once for a country phus for Mm, ?as ute '— fcoma»de«!riptiorj I bad (isEU hfan of mioB^* to vh-ptij all pOanTaible.' ?HeabaObm Chantry ifajdf,' I exolaimed, in a andden (low of Unosnip aed adf aacrmoe,'and tor less than I paid fcrit, if be wffl only take it off my hanoV I will do myself the jostka to^af that, in nakingthsoBer,I fnmkty told him my ml reason fcpr wishing to lesre; bnt, as I expected, he bolOy declared Umadl willing to run all risks, saying be was not afraid of 'uncanny' eooiidaasummgfasbaaaehaldastbsylalddoiie mine. lbs bargain waa attack, my friend esd ny adr mutually pbsaed; and the aery day three months from that on which we arose up to take posaBssno, we went away, uiili ooiai car by the 'ghosts. I may mention, in condnaioa, Hit, in leal Uian a twelTemonth, my fbeaai tesew found tfast the damp atmosphere of Oiantry Usnor- boose did not sort bn family, and mirrstod a. rapidly as he could find shelter for dnmetewbera. Poor oW piano ? eren aal write thia etory it is ebll ncant The uninhabited rooms damn, gloomy, auent Tbe walb a little more ernmbtf , the ny more lsxnriant, the gardens more and more neglected, tfae aauen trees encrusted with a thicker cosering of moss and lichen, Che water more atagnant. Tbe weeds have eprung up bo duckly upon Ifae dnwe leading to the honae ea to nmflle tbs sounds of carriaces, phaotoa or otfaerwsie ; and tbsiatal corridor has been locked up bodny. bedrooms, and an, leasmg die wandering spirit of tfae munlered easslier in* -undiatnriied |iuiaii ssinn thereof.— Be^nmia. 