Nobelist. Silverwater Bend ; OR, TWENTY-FIVE YEARS OF AUSTRALIAN LIFE. BY DONALD CAMERON Author of "Scripopolis," &c.;, &c.; Though shadows gather, sunshine fades. And life appears a vale of sorrow ; Faint is the heart that God upbraids— The sun will shine again to-morrow ! EPOCH II.— 1860.— DEATH. PART III. SCENE I. FLORA and her child, with Mrs. Seaforth, had made haste to get into the thickest part of the scrub, in order to escape from the indignities which the bushrangers always inflicted on any females that fell into their hands. Little Horace bravely endured the horrors of the flight, and never uttered a cry, because his mother had told him that it was necessary to be quiet. Mrs. Seaforth had some difficulty in keeping up with Flora, and the exertion was almost too much for her. "I can go no further," said she at last, when they had reached a dense part of the wood, where primeval night reigned. "I feel as if I could lie down and die. It is best for you to proceed, Flora, and leave me here. I am of no account." "No, no," said Flora ; "I will not leave you, dear. I think we are out of reach. We can wait here until sunrise, when we may be able to reach some house. Perhaps our people have beaten the bushrangers." The three sat down under a huge tree, which rose out of the surrounding underwood, like Saul amidst the Israelites. The dense- ness of the wood made the spot rather warm, but, still, as they sat there hour after hour, they became chilled. Flora huddled her boy to her breast to keep him warm, but still the little fellow suffered ; and, though he man- fully strove to keep up appearances, he could not but moan occasionally. It was with deep thanks to heaven that Flora noticed the dawn, and she bade her companions rise and walk abont, to restore circulation and warmth. The three moved round in the confined space, and soon some glow of warmth was infused into their frames. "What is that ?" cried Flora, as she passed beyond the space and was about to return. "It was a groan," replied Mrs. Seaforth, with a pale face. "Perhaps it is one of our men, who was wounded, but managed to escape." "That may be," said Flora ; "but we must be cautious." Again they heard a deep groan, proceeding, apparently, from a thicket close at hand. "This is terrible !" said Flora. "Who would think that, in a law abiding community like ours, we should, pass through such scenes ? I will see who it is. Take the child." "Be careful, for Heaven's sake," said Mrs. Seaforth. Flora stepped to the thicket on tiptoe. A glance showed her that behind it lay a man stretched out on the ground, and moving as if in pain. "Who are you ? asked Flora, mustering up courage. The man turned his head round. "Great God !" Flora uttered a cry, and almost fell to the earth. "Horace !" she gasped. The man was evidently as greatly sur- prised. His face was ghastly white, and looked in the grey dawn like that of a corpse. "Flora !" "Impossible !" cried Flora. "It cannot be." "It is," replied Horace, in a weak voice. "I am that wretched creature Horace Leigh, and you are the woman I have deceived, whose family I ruined. Oh, heaven ! my punishment has come." Mrs. Seaforth had joined Flora, and both stood gazing on the recumbent figure with white, ghastly face, hardly believing their eyes. "It is a dream," cried Flora. "No," said Mrs. Seaforth. "There is no doubt about it." "Leave me here to die the death of a dog, as I deserve," said Horace. "It will be my expiation. Go !" For a few moments Flora hesitated. Love and wrong fought a desperate battle in her heart. Would she leave him here to die ? Would she go on to the coach and tell the troopers that the felon lay there ; that he might be dragged to gaol, wounded as he was, and punished, if death spared him ? If she did that which was just, she would follow that course. But woman's heart, woman's love, is strange and wonderful thing. "I cannot do it," she cried at last, shedding a flood of tears. "Oh, Horace, you are bad, cruel, almost a murderer, but I have loved you. I do love you, and I will not leave you to die. I will save you !" Horace Leigh looked up at the pale, deter- mined face of the woman he had deceived and ruined, with wonder and adoration. Did he deserve such love ? "The old story," he said to himself and turned away his face. "I was born to be loved passionately— to ruin all who love me !" "Leave me, Flora," he said, at last, "I do not deserve your love ; I deserve your bitterest hatred. You do not know— you cannot know what I am !" "I only know you are my love, the father of my boy !" she cried, kneeling by his side. Horace looked up at her and the child. The little innocent clapped his hands, and, with a glad cry of "Daddy, daddy !" sank on his breast. The wretched man felt as if hell could have no torment like this. It was the very agony of the place of perdition. The sun by this time had risen, and the yellow rays lit up the extraordinary tableau. "God is good, Horace," said Flora, at last. "You have sinned deeply, but there is still forgiveness. Look at the glorious sun that rises over the hills to begin his course. Let that be an example to you. The night has been dark and gloomy, but let another day dawn for you— begin a new life." "Impossible, impossible !" cried Horace. "In a few hours I will be arrested as a felon, and will end my life on the gibbet. Flora, whatever mercy may be in store for me in the life to come, there is none in this world. I have offended agninst the laws and must meet my doom, unless death comes quicker than the executioner." "I do not understand !" said Flora, in a bewildered way. "What you have done to us will not be known. No one here can recognise you." "Ah," said Horace, "I see you do not understand the riddle. It is better for you to hear the truth, and then I feel that you will leave me to my fate. I must, and will, tell you the story." "But you are bleeding to death," said Flora. "No," replied Horace. "The bleeding has stopped, unless it is internal— when nothing can save me. Listen to what I have to say, Flora." And, settling himself, the young man began his strange story : — "Flora,'' said he, "I am not what I seem— I have never been what I seemed. When I came to Silverwater Bend— well it had been for you if I had never entered that peaceful home, better, perhaps, for myself— I was a fugitive from justice. I must say that, when I discerned your love, aud you became my wife, I hoped, earnestly hoped, the dawn of a new life had begun for me, that I would forget the past, and become a new man. But my evil genius followed me. When we went to Sydney I fell into the hands of a set of gamblers, and this, with the expenses of our establishment, made me enter upon a career which, if you can believe me, I detested. Having absolute power I did, what I pleased with the funds of the corporation. That absolute power was my ruin. I rushed into all kinds of speculation to try and recover my losses, but instead of that I got deeper into the mire. Why repeat the tale so old, so well known to you. When I found I waa too deep in the mire to escape, I sent you off to New England, and, getting together as much gold as possible, embarked for America, the only spot in the world where I had a chance of keeping out of the hands of the law. But my evil fortune seemed determined that I should not escape. On board that vessel was Mick Bradley. As I afterwards learned, he, too, having made money in some nefarious way, was determined to go to South America. Like takes to like, and, before we were a day at sea, we knew each other's his- tory, and congratulated ourselves upon escaping the clutches of the law. But we were not to be so lucky. A terrible storm came up, and our vessel was forced to run into Twofold Bay for shelter. To say that we were terrified gives no idea of our feelings. News would, no doubt, be received of our shipping on board the Vesper, and, ere the vessel had well cast anchor, the officers would be on board to seize us. In the terror of the moment I took Mick's advice, and seizing the opportunity, when everyone was busy, we slipped away, taking our wealth with us. It was night, so we escaped, and began a journey through the bush, making Sludgetown our destination, for it was a diggings, and we hoped not to be recognised there, and to eventually reach Melbourne. But when we were passing through a part of the country frequented by the bushrangers, we were set upon by Morgan, and robbed of our ill-gotten gold. He tied us, naked, to a tree, and we remained two days without anything to eat, and were almost perished, when a young man rode up to us. He was Valentine Bailes. A few words put him in possession of our story, and he released and fed us. His story was soon told. He belonged to another gang of bushrangers, which had been headed by a man who was called, for his atrocities, Black Satan. This man had been killed, and the other member of the gang had fled. Valen- tine now proposed we should join him, and Mick Bradley eagerly jumped at the pro- posal. So I became a member of Blaok Satan's gang— the gang that attacked the coach to-night." "Oh ! this is the height of misery," cried Flora. "Then you, my husband, are a bushranger ; you attacked the coach in which your wife and son were travelling !" A spasm of pain crossed Horace's face. "It is so," said he. "I little dreamed you were inside when I fired at the coach. I might have become the murderer of my wife and son." "God spared you that," said Flora, im- pressively. "Perhaps hHe still holds out to you some chance of being reconciled to Him, of atoning for your terrible crimes." "There were many tempting reasons why I should join the gang," said Horace, apolo- getically. "In the first place, I was an outlaw, in the second, I was moneyless. Valentine, who was young and enthusiastic, represented that we might, by one or two lucky hits, obtain enough gold to clear out of the country without bloodshed. So we began life together. But the demoniac nature of Mick Bradley, who took the lead, soon steeped us in crime. That man seems to revel in crime, to gloat over iniquity. I will pass over the horrors of our short career. It ended last night, for Valentine was killed, I am wounded to death, and Mick, too, received a serious wound. The dead has gone to meet his reward at the tribunal of God ; the living will soon join him, either through their wounds or the rope of justice." Flora shuddered. "It must not be, Horace," she said. "I will save you." "How ?" he asked, looking up to her face. "Alas ! I do not know," she replied, in tones of despair. "There may be a way," he said, at last. "Tell me, for Heaven's sake," she cried, "and, at the risk of my life, I will try." "On the other side of the mountain," said Horace, "there is a hut, and in that hut lives your mother and aunt." "Is it possible we are so near to them ?" cried Flora. "But I question whether they will be as forgiving as yourself," said Horace. "If they are, I might live there in concealment until I got well, when I might, perhaps, leave the country, to lead the new life you have mentioned." "How can I find the hut ?" asked Flora. "I cannot tell," replied Horace. "Yet you might find it. If you were to cross over the mountain you might chance to fall upon the hut." "I will try," cried Flora. "Will you remain with Horace and the boy, Mrs. Sea- forth. I ask you to do a great thing in your state of health ; still, if you have any sym- pathy for one of the most wretched women in the world, oh, do stay !" "I will," replied Mrs. Seaforth, whose eyes were wet with tears. "Oh, Flora, you are more than an angel !" "And will Horry stay with his daddy while mammy goes to get his breakfast ?" asked Flora, bending over her child. "Yet, mammy," said the bright little fellow, kissing her. "Then, good-bye all for the present ; I will find the hut or die. May the God who loves to forgive direct my steps." And the brave, loving woman, after bestow- ing one glance on the desolate trio, plunged into the forest on an errand that seemed hopeless. SCENE II. LIFE at Dismal Glen had proceeded much as usual since the night when the bushrangers made their visit. Aunt Elsie sat within, and knitted stockings, and grumbled, as usual, interspersing this occupation with reading the Bible and praying. Mrs. Sinclair and Ailee did what thoy could in the snowy and tempestuous weather to make everything comfortable ; but it must be confessed that the outlook was anything but brilliant. The cattle were almost starving, and so poor that they threatened to die. The loss of the cows would, indeed, be ruin to the poor women. At last a bright day came, and Ailee and Mrs. Sinclair thought they would take a trip over the mountain, to see if they could get an apple tree or two, the branches of which would form a welcome feast for the poor cows. Aunt Elsie groaned as they left, inveighing against their selfishness in leaving her alone to face the bushrangers if they again came to the hut. Now, it was somewhat inconsistent, but a fact, that if they had remained at home she would have grumbled all day at their idleness. If she were well, she would say, she would go out and get food for the starving cattle, who were lowing in their sheds. Mrs. Sinclair and Ailee, armed with a toma- hawk apiece, walked ovor the mountain, looking for the apple trees, the leaves of which are most acceptable to cattle. The ground was covered with snow, upon which the cold and distant sun appeared to have little effect. It was not long before they came upon an apple tree, whose dumpy form at once marked it out from its tall and lanky neighbours. The pair at once began to work on the tree, but their experience in woodcraft was small, and the tree stood a great deal of chopping. At last it fell, nearly burying Ailee, who got confused when it began to crackle ; and they began to lop off the branches, preparatory to carrying them to the cattle. It was while they were swinging their tomahawks that Mrs. Sinclair heard a voice at her elbow. "Mother !" The tomahawk dropped out of Mrs. Sin- clair's hand, by a miracle escaping her toes. Turning round, she beheld the figure of a woman, whose dress was torn and draggletailed. The face was pale and attenuated, but the good woman at once recognised Flora. "Flora !" cried both the women. "Yes, Flora !" said the poor girl, dropping into her mother's arms. "Well, child," said Mrs. Sinclair, as she sat down with her on the trunk of the fallen apple tree, "this is a surprise ! Where have you come from ?" "Oh, mother !" said Flora, whose tears were flowing, "I come from one who has sinned— who is at death's door." "I dinna understand," said Mrs. Sinclair, with a dazed look. Flora hurriedly entered into an acoount of the terrible events of the past few days. She spoke very quickly, for every moment was preoious, and she wished to return to the wretched man whom she loved above all. When she had concluded, Mrs. Sinclair and Ailee sat staring at her, horrified and surprised beyond expression. "The Lord's hand is in this !" at last exclaimed Ailee. "God has seen fit to judge this man." "Ailee, kind, dear Ailee !" gasped Flora, "do not speak in that way. He has sinned deeply ; but what does the good book say ? Does it not tell us to forgive our brother after he has sinned seventy and seven times ?" "Even so," said Mrs. Sinclair. "But, oh ! Flora, what can we poor women do ? The police will be after him ; we cannot save him !" "Oh, mother !" cried Flora, in her agony, "we can, we can ! If we could only get him to the hut we might be able to conceal him till he gets well, then he might get away. Oh ! mother, if you love me, if you feel for me, help me !" Mrs. Sinclair burst into a torrent of tears. I cannot refuse you, daughter," said she ; "but it seems to me the ghost of him who has gone before warns me not to help this man. But I will try and obey the book I have put my faith in ; I will try and save this wretched sinner. How could I pray, 'Forgive us our trespasses as we forgive those that trespass against us,' if I shut my ears to your prayer ? Flora, I will go with you and try and save him. If I do wrong, may God and the dear husband he so deeply wronged forgive me." "They will, they will !" cried Flora, with rapture. "Oh ! mother, there is more joy in heaven over one sinner that repenteth than over ninety-nine just persons." "Amen," said Ailee. "Poor girl, you've moved our hearts,, which I thought were steelit against this man. Let us go and help him." Flora fortunately remembered the path, and by great good fortune they reached the spot where Horace lay. They found the child and Mrs. Seaforth sitting by him. He was much stronger and was able to ait up against the tree. There was a stiffness and silence for the first few moments which was difficult to get over. Horace, himself, bent down his head as he saw the approach of the woman he had so greatly wronged, but for all that, a great joy filled his heart as he reflected that there was some possibility now of his being saved. "Mrs. Sinclair," said he at last, hardly daring to raise his eyes, "I have wronged you and yours almost beyond recall, and yet, if you can believe me, I will do something to atone for the past if I escape the blood- hounds who are upon my track ; all I wish is the opportunity. I have been mad, un- fortunate, criminal, but now I only ask for a trial, for a chance of leading a new life." "May the meroiful God who rules heaven and earth forgive you as freely as I do, for my daughter's sake," said Mrs. Sinclair, with a. strange majesty, which for the moment made her almost sublime, as she stood in the cold sunshine against the foliage of the dark green trees. "I wish I had the power, like One of old, to say : 'Arise and sin no more !' " "Amen !" said Ailee, in a deep voice. "Help me to rise," said Horace. "There is no time to lose. In a few hours, perhaps minutes, the sleuth-hounds of the law will be on my traok, and I may not escape." Flora most affectionately helped the wounded man on to his feet, and between herself and Ailee he walked up the mountain by the most easy paths. Mrs. Seaforth, Mrs. Sinclair and the boy following. It was a toilsome journey, but after several rests the six at last sighted the hut at Dismal Glen. "Wad ye kindly take his airm ?" asked Ailee of Mrs. Sinclair, when they got past the apple tree, "an' I'll take some o' the branches home to the puir cattle." Although Ailee seemed to be anxious about the cows, as a matter of fact she did not care to be present when Horace was brought into the presence of Aunt Elsie, and chose rather to be amongst the meek-eyed kine she loved so well. It was indeed with some trepidation that Mrs. Sinclair approached the hut. She knew perfectly well that Aunt Elsie would raise a storm, which would be difficult to arrange. Nor was she mistaken. When they entered the hut, Aunt Elsie gave a shriek, as she beheld Horace, and throwing her knitting aside, stood on the defensive. "What's this ?" she cried. "The son of Belial, the Cain, the accursed one. Women, women, what mean you, bringing here one who has troubled us more than Achan did the Israelites ?" "Aunt Elsie," said Flora. "He is here as a repentant sinner, eager and willing to make atonement for his sins. Your religion teaches you Elsie, to forgive, for your God is a God of mercy." "Na, na," cried Elsie, "not to those who have committed the unpardonable sin. A wa' wi' him. To prison, to gaol, to perdition. It is a sin to be where he is." "Elsie," said Mrs. Sinclair. "If I, who have so many bitter wrongs wrought by this man, have forgiven him when he is truly penitent, why should you not also hold out the hand to him. Be still, woman, and say no more." But Miss Elsie stood by, like a tigress, while she watched them lay Horace on. the couch, and prepare some comforts for him. "The curse of innocent blood is upon him," she cried, unable to restrain herself. "He's marked for torment ; away with him, away with him." "The cry of Barabbas," said Flora, bitterly. Miss Elsie subsided into a chair, her heart surging with the blackest and bitterest thoughts. Was this not the man who had thrust her out of comfort, wealth, luxury, who had relegated her to this cold, sterile abode ? Was this not the man to whom she owed all her misfortunes ? Could she forgive him ? No ! a thousand times no ! Aunt Elsie, like many other religious people, believed the Bible just as far as it suited her own ideas. Something had been done for Horace's comfort, and his wound had been dressed, when the sound of horses' hoofs was heard. "Haste, haste !" cried Mrs. Sinclair. "Take him to the chamber ; they are after him." Miss Elsie pricked up her ears. Horace was at once removed to the other chamber ; and this had hardly been effected when three troopers reined up their horses before the hut. "Good morning," said the leader to Mrs Sinclair, who, flushed and excited, opened the door. "Have you seen anything of the bushrangers this morning ?" "No, we have not," said Mrs. Sinclair, "and we hope to see them no more. We have had enough of them already." "There's been fearful work in the Glen last night," said the trooper. "Black Satan's gang attacked the coach, and killed Sergeant Grey. However, one of them's been killed, and the other two's winged, that's a comfort." Miss Elsie opened her eyes still wider. "Well, I hope you- will eradicate the band," said Mrs. Sinclair, who was trem- bling. "Good morning," said the trooper. "Look out and don't harbour these fellows, no matter how pitiable their case may be ; it will be a bad job for you." "Is there a reward out for them ?" asked Aunt Elsie. "I believe you," said the trooper, handing her a bill. "Read that, and if you've got pluck enough— and you look a grim woman — you can earn a thousand." Miss Elsie's eyes glistened as she took the paper in her hand. The troopers then went out. She read the paper over very attentively, and fell into a reverie. "It's the price of blood, Elsie," said Mrs. Sinclair. Aunt Elsie started. "It wad be a good and righteons deed to give them up to justice," said she, after a moment. "But the poor girl— consider her." Aunt Elsie gave a start. "Then he is one of the bushrangers ?" "He is." "Heaven have mercy on us !" cried Aunt Elsie. "Can there be a deeper deep ?" "I do not think so," said Mrs. Sinclair. Aunt Elsie said no more. She picked up her knitting, and proceeded with it, but the number of false knots in the work was wonderful. (To be Continued.) 