H?', and. Mr R Driver in the chair. A letter singer Conway, thanking the committee "Bteidirom'ir t, ing 'here to select a ,(,,h,rf?SthcAnsloAu0stialm,, eleven on We "November Mr Gibson gave his all, intention to move next Monday, night nUamSeof three members be appointed : wf the intercolonial eleven and also the team to ^s»Soeletc,.t»l.o are about proceeding to STar Hinchcliffe gate the folio Lung notice Win That this association apply to the same Company for a lease of the ground for "H one Mrs, the i abortion piping in addition a it'lM'C. cent in the put up capital StecomiW A letter was red lion, the error the albert (Ground company, which tendered to be acknowledged am Chimes Coast AH A bazaar in mel 1 1 funds for provision ' life was '" *"> a 3 ft 6\. Chapel.le was opened last evening a the KtodSom adjourns the church The name., saffron the number of friends i settled in the bedroom promise to be ... unamiable ed success a. large room Mas c yds I w. by to and the assaults at the stills vi;, e hour above traders was a large and 1 pitiful display of goods-, S skill and chemical ii Some of the articles Every beautiful notify i ii line castings Iron LwllolMtM. live in I AWmiii., The stall, l,l£enenilorrmceiiicntoi t he interior of the room rested great credit on the 1 uses ml " nth men who are entrusted with the in- iinLimui' of the bazaar Ptproceedings were (n'lvenclbv the ham at the rate Band and the car is of At Wesley Church at La Man all the I confirm Court then in pitches added in no s i 11 devote to the cycling uxetdrags This of course bazaar will open again [lUielasUinie Burns -It appears that the girls who escaped (-aBiloeb a few days ago, if I not belong to the senator but to the Industrial school Sm OF FAT STOCK Arrow Fullagar reports linn'wW for Mr J! Richards 91 bullocks averaging ill She said to con averaging; 12 lbs each the LxedRNT branch He is best price of the season folSHimPASS-RcsSHN INnlLILISIl STRATEGY -Kill circumstances are considered (ob series the Tau) audit we bear in mind that while the battalions c! Suleiman Pasha are reported to have been pouring in their blood in fruits s attempts against Prince lichtenberg redoubts two passes over the mean artifice open and free to their General vic mu) mtUtss importance to the final of the Shipka Pass I said have been of no an antidote SuleimnnPashn bfecehisyiav through the it defile On his right lay t, Pisa on Han. Dorilla? through which General Gsniiorro<äedlheßall.ans hut xv hull is now by some THE inadvertence unoccupied by the Russians II a heavy horsemen of General Court of could pass and the mountainous lodges of Belgians cm y mg rather provisions and ammunition, its obstacles and certainly not he uisiiperaVe to Turkish C'LJV Even if they were so, 30 miles further east itMdro'dieads through the defile of Dunn Ixapu, Melton Gate and conducts directly to Helen i and EihDjumla Towards the mouth of this defile the tan h cavalry of the army of Shumla has for b Iii. week been so dearly feeling its way Vat Pasha has been there in person, and to meet its suggest the Alchemct Vii created considerable importance to hold calm the is one into began from the ha Give Thee" con decisions taken together tend either lief that while the left wing of Sulieman PthitvL dLtnctin" the latter son of the Russian 5u5towaris the S'njisa Pass, and endeavouring to the th m ted an mils 101 the possession of that moreover the Balkan , the bulk of his army was trtrgstnfilv and steady moved through the Iron One to form a june to i with Alelujict Vii u the I p ji between Esk Dunn and Time va This is tasted the more probable by the fact that no artil letvcntheTuiVLhsidees reported to have taken any I (further Arabs in the Balkans of Tuesday) and I secondly TREMORS AT THE HorioKiNSON-The Jack Jim; W Wins states that James Cunningham, tasted in the' murder of a packer named Ti ins. Ettinger dr Frank the Austrian, it the Hodg kimonos ten committed for trial at Cooktown The paw arrived in town by the Biuvtip o J IA instant heavily ironed and in all done constable the Cairns Advertiser of "it while in the lock up at Thornborough, of previous to his cousin tal, beer irons were [freüedupcinhimfor safe custody He however, made elude the vigilance of his keepers, and, gravesides an old knife, had entered) cut through di of the leg irons fortunately) this was discovered the very nick of time, for this man might again hit c weapon society, and have enacted a similar save the one he is under' committal for, with a OTof procuring funds to get an it or arms to defend self against being recaptured, whereby it is not bobble more than one might have become his Km" fate GREAT SOURCES OF THE HOUR THE in ALL THE INDIAN FAMINE-The celebrated defendent of the Times S G O (Sydney Wolphm Osborne) thus strikingly compares ar nHFanune To it were not stricken in years has had some little personal means of observation iiKiesjheretui and slim, cane dealt thousands Oh the dates pictures or in a daily papers appear a somewhat different hoots from those in which regard them M 3r at lies let it come is sure to them must come from crusts held to Robsart is and ever must be simply the use Jilltot science the products bill, mind, Ucerite tebemg,iihom in days of peace ordinal t civi sits punies the power to defend mel preserve peace and "jury We are i assisted by the Mil the courage shown by the belligerents fears M Axemen are matched M some Wmatchof dies may be we read those affair has lost 10 000 men killed, night gswourioed on the field He is a Ute t points the better admit it as s is »siE.il.da» today we read the bloody chronicle ""7" 'cents blunted by our curiosity) lT^mMe.,lntcu;e as "a wayback strong HE T where the Parties to the strike" Stw adds fresh features to the ghost J T Godfree knows how much is said. to, ,a%t now to "ad 'Attocitt NZ beT°,u,° as almost housefoYd Seoftal L "S" if there is in all sold but a a fair ei'reSent var land so as a sort of ÄtiJ'iY1T "" as l believe carry a thistle. Proper PTY" for its own NISBET, T He beat must and all its uZL and do his utmost br f" Short nal 1 r50 1"0 thunder help then cases Senttôf.^11"0 tin in the present war 44 ., K C0UÙUV and the nature of the ss StrthmL;the least like Proper hospital fed Mull ?rç?hance» can be found at home I tell sailed on- the in Wife most obvious "is 30 3 Won USES Pool provision in the same causes that "e ''at then an J H during much of it worse than »TorsTordvL'le"dms,t0 " ANe be all the ^outf"mVal:, devotion of homes the W .,l?^Sm denies, after a fashion so as ,? offers to "a humanity that with UÏMI"?} ft total 6 "le from heaven I 'C eml loraine lbs The score does "Cmon " absorb our interest so call upon SHE" aS1^c,te3 of disgust that I on, the Tri ? a famine, destruction mat 0 All that is to our MrU it ought to Maidens., regret here wanting people 'estate Grothe children * c" Who see not in ear" terms fall here Adieu landfall 115 Ve home in Tmn- they like it, to the ' unit &a;,m?\ork of Ae fed life the) country.' ""served by the weapons of other I had fired the forlorn of their life "at or of our and their tens ofthousands-alh^t "*n¿S^í°r T c'eed-have the claim of ld »al!'&tt5irhfl;» "re fellow subjects as, 59th Ltd last to be found who more it 5 were fought the battle of life under her fePheTcor?.ROAMfE ' CARLIST PILGRIMAGE TO ^ 1801/ LondOn TP says., ".?*«So£? If the? «?'«""'d morn taking 'a. fisherman" le detection being confided ^.«"lotihe&i;?» some ale swab Govern sails! to star Tarakan that should not be lost character series aLBum other was a 