tmmMMk ji^rQRALO'i'EMS. .J, u Since 0e rain the reports from Jail the iargfe sheep ana' cattle distnJBls exhibit ^jubliant tbnefas -to the altered prospects. Bare 1 earth, sere parched HiefbaWrilacks'iaud herds decijnat^-by^BtaftVafj^M^w wander ing like troops of ghosts .over grass less washes, were the realities that stared pastoialists iu the face a few weeks ago. Now come visions of fresh,' abundant pasture, gushing waters, fnt aud contented flocks aud herds. Visions, because some mouths must pass before stock can redeem the great ioss of substance, or before the feed will be so plentiful as to keep up their good, condition when regained, lutelligerice as to the clip, though somewhat premature to be altogether trustworthy, tends to the anticipation that it will be neither so light nor so indifferent in quality as the' past bad season might lead to expect. From Gunnedah we hear by the Namqi j^j dependent that the country round the district is daily improving iu appearance. ? ? ' . : The h'iverine ' Grazier (Hay) learns that the wool is generally -more satisfactory as to quantity aud quality /.than; -was anticipated under the very adverse circumstances which ruled.in this aud neighboring districts duriug the past season. Latest accounts . from the head of the Murruinbidgee and Murray rivers lead us to believe that the new clip will be forwarded as quickly as it couies forward to the frontage,, although at the preseut moment navigation is conducted with great difficulty, risk, aud lut-B. At Wagga. the weather during the past two we'eks has continued very suitable to the growth of feed, which has male wonderful headway. The total rainfall since the break up of the drought is within very little of three. inches. As evidence of the effect of tbe removal of the quaran tine regulations on the Border, the Express, states that iufoim itiou has] iHatiiiid Lbi.-m of a purchase of sheep for a neighboring station at 4s 6d iu Victoria, local holders of suitable stock uow usking from 10s to 11s for stock of a similar character. Down the rivbi- tb^y have had weather such as has been the order here. Intelligence from Dubbo is to the efftctthiit the weather has been of a nice growing kind, aud as a ceuse queuce, the feed is springing fast. The appearance of the country right round is most pleasing, especially when contrasted with the look it wore a few iveeks back. There is no fear now feit about Dubbo, There is sure, to be a. good spriug, for although the quantity of raiu that has fallen is not by any meaus sufficient to enable one to say that the drought has broken, it, ;it all events, is enough to make it safe to predict that feed will be forward for the summer. Ou, the MitiM Creek, sonu nice showers have (alien, bat the frontages are dread fully bare, and will for, some time continue so, thejTth.ave I«ceived such a clearing off from travelling stock. The shearing is going ahead1, bat iu lUsiuv stills l.ibor is scarce. Thu Mrbes Timet .states nint, .it several of the sheds in this noigiibijr liood shearing has already co;n- j inenced, and that the clip so iar looks \ better, for quautity aud quality, than was anticipated. A proclamation in last Tuesday's Government Gazette declares Swau Hill and Wijntwortu, on the boundary of this yoiouy and Victoria, to be additional nlicss at which sheep may cross from Victoria iuto this colony. The secon 1 annual champion sheep show of the liallariit Agricultural Soci'ity, which was held ou the 19Ji ultimo, acc;-rdin» to all reports was a m 1st sucjes-iful affair. There was a large attendance, and aonugst the visitors were so:U-* breeders from this colony. We are indebted to the report of the Leader ifor the, following particulars: -''Tie total uumber of sheep exhibited iwas 475, of which 172 were merinps, 112 Leicesters, 105 Lincolus, (four Southdowns, seven Cotswolds, and seventy five fat merino aud £r.osslired fat sheep and lambs. The champion prize for merino rams was awarded to Mr. T. F. Cummiug, of Stony Ford, for a magnificent compact six-tooth animal, with agood width across the shou Id ers , aud carrying a debse even fleece of very fiue fibre. There was a grand display of Leicesiers, the principal prize-winner beingjMr. W. Armstrong, of Hexhani. His {champion ram and ewe (both four-tooth) wore greatly admired for the many excellent points they displayed, and the regularity ami length of their teii mouths1 flepcfl. The Liu coins werej perhaps, the best collection ever shown in the colouy, and both champion prizes for ram and ewe went to Mr. i Robert Hood, of Merang, Rexham, ; There were only two exhibitors of Southdown sheep, aud the only Cotswplds forward wero entered by Messrs. Murray aud Armstrong, but all were well-bred animals. ; From Queensland, early in the week, we were informed by telegraph that copious raius had fallen iu the Aramac district. According to the Week of the 22ud ultimo, (he rain which fell did uot do much good. The grass, however, looks a little greener, but there is not much spring in ii. The sky ibrilie first three days--f ihe- week; looked, so overcast that Ihe best hopes were roused, but the 6ky lias since been too bright and clear, Hope of heavy rain until the , thunderstorm season eets in hardly exists. Mean- . while losses of cattle aud sheep are increasing apace, aud matters look almost as gloomy as ever. Iu 'the central; western,, aud some northern districts, matters are better. From the south the news is far more cheer iug. There are good accouuts from Victoriaand South Australia ; a heavy wheat harvest is expected iu the latter colony. Mr. Haly informs the Brisbane Courier that there has been consider able mortality among sheep iu the neighborhood of Taroom (Queei sland) from a disease the symptoms of 'which are quite new to him. Attached to the - stomach and bowels are numerous kernels, which are surrounded by a 6«c charced witha clear fluid. Iuside each of these kernels is a maggot or worm, which evidently subsists on the blond of the sheep, as there have been several cases of blood-poisoniug amongst those engaged in skinning the carcases, lit. Haly has brought . the subject under the notice of the hoard appointed to inquire into diseases in animals. It is the inten tion of one owner to destroy the whole of a flock iu which this disease has appeared. 