; 'EliE LYNCH V&H;&iZ; OF BS'tfe .! \ RING'fJjivj. ? ' ' I Tlwr liyach Family who say ? they;,are,now on thtu ,,i. ami .IUjhI.tc.«v ' through;Australia, commcnccd u season of thico' ? nights in the Institute Hull, Mount Guiubier, { :qUi.Mojidny, evening, ami wcvb rceeivcit . fey. u .;splendid.audience. Tho clover .musicians wore\' as successful OS over they were iu earlier visits -in fact, their efforts v/oro pronounced by .many superior to their former entertainments'. The Messrs. Lynch aro nccorapaniocl by f. coinio singer ami, step dancor, Mr, Frank Yuitai, whose singing is of moderate quality 'Imt-whcfSa dauciugis of the first order. Mr. Mai getl'ii, wlia it will bo renicmberod, accompanied Mons. TUiodou as a vocalist, but who now acts as adyapoe t agent for the Messrs. Lynch, also, assisted in Monday's entertainment by singing.' The' programme opened with the Grand March from " Norma" on tho handbells, by tiio whola family, which .was a fine picco of music. There is something exquisitely pleasing in the gouud'of bells (of which Toe is witness), and when 20 or 30 of them aro used for the produo. tiou of such music tho effect iu enchanting. .Nearly 20-tunes were played during .the eutertuinmeut, op the hand, clock, or stand bejjs },and,.although all were good, tho folloy/t iiig may be singled out for their special excel-, leuceGrand March," "The Last Koso of Summer," "Home, Sweet Homo," "ltingths Bell, Watchman," and " Auld Lang Byne, oa the hand-bellsj "Lincoln's Funeral March," on the stand-bolls: and " Roaiu the Beau," on the olock-bells. The family aro astonishingly smart and preciso in their manipulation of tho. bells j and the truth-often stated-may bo once more repeated, that tho entertainment" afforded by them is one of the beat to which pleasure-seekers in Australia can treat them selves. Mr. Frank Verten'"confines hiiutiolf. to comio singing, which ia his fork as a Vocalist* He is a fine stop dancer, and liia hornpipes and nigger dances were greatly enjoyed. liia eham-; piou sailors' hornpipe wa:; 'ono of tho best per formances of the kind over seen hero. Ho was encored ou nearly every appearance.' In response to one recall he made a " paper antimacassar" entirely (With his fingers. Ho did not do it so rapidly as,it has boon done here boforo-proba bly the paper was rather thick-but ho .yfM< cheered to tho echo for his act. ' Mr, Mftrgottp sang the comic song, " I think I have seen yotf. before" in a highly successful' manner, and '. encored. The., entertainment-.also inolu/ "" '" several comic duets, and. closed'v/itli tho £'? splitting farce of " Mr, Johnson in want fyi'j Coachman, ' Last evening, also, tliero wa3 a largo atteiil- 'r. ance, and the entertaiument was as'successfiifo. as on the previous evoniug. ' To-day there will be two performances, in the afternoon at 3 o'clock for schools and i families, and in the evening as usual. Foj? both occasions excellent programme have been prepared, - including . new solectious oij the hand' bells, and new comio songs, quartettes, and trios, among which will be the "Sclnnoker Family," "Quack doctors," and " Hallelujah Band." Tho wholo will conclude with tho farce of the "Ghost iu the Pawnshop]..,' To-morrow and Friday the Company will visit Millicent, and next Monday and Tuesday. Port MacDonuell. 