THE STAGE. ( By " Adagio." i Fpr some occult reason " The Robbers " was not, presented at the Theatre Royal on Saturday night, as announced, " Mac beth " being continued instead. On Mon day' night, . however, Schiller's dreary drama was performed, Mr. Charles Pope enacting the herp, . Charles de Moor. " The Robbers " has notj I think, been played bub twice in this city since Herr Bandmann's time ; and taking into account its impossible nature, the exaggerated sentimentalities of the dialogue, and the gloomy nature of the incidents depicted, it is devoutly to he hoped that at least a like period of time will intervene before it is put upon a Melbourne stage again. I do not know any play which leaves an average English audience in so thoroughly depressed a condition as " The Robbers," unless it be Kotzebue's work, " The Stranger and as managers and actors are continually having this fact made patent to them, it is to me a mystery why the former shoiild allow it to be played, and the latter take the trouble to study it. Apart from its unacceptable nature as a play, Mr. Pope's representation of the hero was excellent in design, and intelligently and earnestly worked out. There were, indeed, one or two inconsistencies, and these were doubtless apparent to Mr. Pope himself ; but as they were intended to heighten the dramatic, or rather the melodramatic, effect of certain situations, and so please the larger but less discriminating sec tion of the audience, Mr. Pope may be excused on the ground of expediency. He has several natural advantages which assist him in effectively portraying the generous, but mis anthropic,; and very much- misguided, young man. He is tall of stature, robust, commanding in figure, and deep-voiced, aud these qualities aid him materially. The scenes in which his graphic acting called forth the warmest applause were that in which his father was taken oat of thej vault, that in which he almost urges upon his faithful band to deliver him up to the soldiery, and the final scene. As the abhorrent heartless brother, Francis de Moor, Mr. Appleton fairly merited the hearty de testation of the audience, so naturally repulsive did he make the part. As a piece of acting, it was but little behind Mr. Pope's, . aud creditable even to Mr. Appleton, good as he generally is. Miss Carry George (Mrs, Lawrence), as Amelia, WAS only equalled in lugubrieusness and general misery by Mr. Stuart O'Brien, as Count de Moor. Mr. Holioway played decently as Her- I maun, aud Mr. Greville, as the cowardly Speigclberg, fired his musket in terror the wrong way, and generally relieved the universal anguish by a judiciously comic diversion. Mr. Pope was to make his farewell appearance a.«d take his benefit last night (Friday). Mr. William Creswick has continued playing . "Hamlet" all the week, and, so far as the audiences are concerned, with unabated inte rest. His conception is indeed a wonderful one. At each successive representation the observer discovers new beauties, and although it be remembered that his " Hamlet " is the out come of forty years' constant study in the best schools, and with the best masters, yet the results obtained are in every way commensurate. In Walter Montgomery and Edwin Adama we had great Hamlets, although their readings dif fered in several essential features. To some, Montgomery's was a thought too modern ; to others, Adams's was too subdued ; but in Mr. Creswick's Hamlet we have a perfect embodi ment, which satisfies everyone. His style is of his school, and his school that which produced heroes of . tragedy — men whose deeds were ac complished during the brightest epoch the higher drama has seen. His refined elocution, the vigorous nature of his acting, his fastidious at tention to the most trifling details, his rigid observance of the numberless requirements, stamp his performance altogether as one of the finest ever seen in this country, and one which none but the ignorant could find fault with. On Saturday night his Excellency the Governor and Lady Bowen visited the Academy of Mnaic to witness " Hamlet," and they paid Mr. Creswick the graceful compliment of arriving at 8 o'clock, iu order, as was stated, that they might be able to see the entire performance. Every part of the elegant little theatre, which is weekly in creasing in popular favour, was crowded ou the occasion. " Richelieu " is the next piece to be given, and will probably be produced this (Saturday) evening. The reputation of the bright little company of "Troubadours" is rapidly spreading, with the pleasant result that the audiences are be coming more and more numerous. During several evenings this week tliere have been crowded houses at the Opera-house, and there is therefore every prospect of the company's season of four weeks being a profitable one. I dwelt at some length on the nature of the per formances last week, and it only needs now to say that the little comedietta, " Two Can Play at that Game," paves the way admirably for the maiu piece, " Patchwork." The travestie on " Hamlet," which is the mest diverting feature in the piece, is richly comic. It is but rarely that Melbourne audiences, who are almost hypercritical, suffer themselves to be so tho roughly taken captive as with " Patchwork." After the first! ten minutes they abandon them selves to the situation, aud successive peals of unrestrained laughter (which in the case of ladies almost develops into hysteria before the fall of the curtam), interspersed with scraps of the funniest of funny dialogues, make up the oddest of mixtures. Miss Nellie M'Henry, whose resemblance to Emilie Melville is gene rally commented on, is certainly the most reso lute And untiring little woman I have ever seen, and so extremely clever withal, that it is a pleasure to sit and watch her. Misa Corelli, though more sedate, is also extremely clever, and Mr. John Gourlay's dry witticisms are in themseves a whole fund of amusement. I should imagine that a ghost like his in " Ham let " would make the fortune of any transpon tine theatre. Messrs. Salsbury and Webster are as closely identified with the success of "Patchwork" as the other members of the company, and, as I remarked last week, it is the equality of merit in each that renders the whole entertainment se thoroughly successful. Lady Bowen and suite visited the Opera-house on Thursday night. The genial Georgia Minstrels and their well- known agent, Mr. Kennedy, left by the s.s. Victorian for Adelaide on Thursday, the 4th inst. Their last week in St. George's-hall was a series of crowded houses. The vacancy caused by the retirement of the Georgias will be filled up by Mr. aud Mrs. G. W. Herris, who give their opening- performance at St. George's-hall this (Saturday) evening. They style themselves " Personators," and from what I hear, their line is something in the monypolologue style. The Melbourne Oratorio Society are hard at work rehearsing Spohr's "Fall of Babylon," under the direction of Mr. Julius Herz. There was au exhibition by a number of young people, who were styled "Pupils of Mr. Simmons'sDiamatic Academy, "at the Princess's on Saturday night. With the exception of Miss L. E. Whitehead, and a young person who was described in the bills as " Ruby de Burgh," there was nothing to justify the public appear ance of the said "Pupils," so far as regards talent. The attendance was poor in the ex treme. That worthy gentleman and most excellent professor of the art of music, Herr Julius Siede, had a grand benefit at the Town-hall on Satur day night last. That there were nearly 3,000 persons present is evidence of the deep respect felt by the general public for Mr. Siede's talents as an executant and teacher, and their warm friendship for him in his private 'capacity. The Melbourne Philharmonic, the Deutsche Leider- tafel (of which Mr. Siede is conductor), the Turn Verein, and the Melbourne Orchestral societies severally lent their services on the occasion, while the soloists were represented by Madame Carandini, Miss St. Clair, Miss Emma Maria Carandini, Miss Alice Rees, Mr. S. Lamble, and Mr. Moroney. Mr. F. L. King was solo pianist, Signer Ortori solo violinist, Mr. Siede solo flautist, and Mr. Hunter accompanyist. In addition to these, a military baud of eighty performers played at intervals m the courtyard. The united band, chorus, and soloists made up quite a little army of 500 — one of the largest gatherings yet assembled in the Town- hall. The programme was in keeping with the nature of the event. There was the overture to " Zampa" and the second part of the overture to Nicolai's " Merry Wives of Windsor," the march from Costa's " Naaman," the chorus from Tannhauser's " Hail, bright abode," Mendelssohn's pianoforte concerto in G Minor, several Liedertafel part songs, two double quartettes — " Rest, dearest, rest," (Kiicken) and the " Wein Galop" (Kuntze) — and a number of vocal selections by the artists named. The chief event of the concert was the ddbiit of Miss Alice Rees, a girl fourteen years old, a native of Ballarat. Miss Rees filled a vacancy occurring through the hurried departure for Adelaide of Mrs. Howilz, who ws to hgve taken part in the concert ; and this event was a very fortunate one, so far as the public was concerned, for it enabled them to hear a voice almost phenomenal which Miss Rees possesses. It is one of the very purest sopranos, of exceptionally extensive com pass, ranging over eighteen notes, and reaching with ease the note D flat in alt, which was delivered with a sonorous richness that electrified the audience in a ca dence in Ganz's "Sing, sweet bird." The fireBh young voice floated through the hall in a manner that showed it was as powerful as rich ; and the entire audience, surprised at it self, broke out in a storm of applause. Miss Rees has had no other musical education than that imparted by her father, who is not a pro fessional musician, so that almost to nature alone is she indebted for the wonderful organ she possesses. Henceforth, and for the next five years, she should be jealously guarded from contact with concerts, and sent, if possible, to Italy ; bat, in any case, sbe should at once com mence a regular thorough course of education ; aud as she is strong and healthy, the world will, at the eud of the period I have named, have one of the finest singers ever heard. Mine is not a prediction, it is a certainty, for the material is there in overwheming abundance. It only re quires ordinary industry and good schooling to make Miss Rees world famous. The Soldene Opera Bouffe and Comic Opera Company will succeed the Troubadours at the Opera-house. 