J&tfgiitJit; SMie, Written expressly for the Soutltern Argu$. HAZ.BL. Br Clotildb. [All righto or printing- and publishing this tale reserved.] (Continued from our last). Chaptee D£. May came, and with it tbe grand bazaar, so long anticipated by the young folk of Hamilton. In due time, the day's proceed ings were opened by the proper officials, and the visitors began to flock in. Dora and Hazel having no stall, were not expected to pat in an appearance at the very beginning. By-$nd-bye, hqwerer, came Laurie Grower, with fy[r, Yerney, who had so far overcome bis scruples as to patronise the concern with his presence. Soon after, Mr. Qower was observed by the gossips (who seem to be en dowed with visual organs equally distributed all round their heads) to quit the large booth ]n which the bazaar was he d. l* Oh, Mr. Grower ! — now, how very unfair.' ' What is unfair, Miss Hanson ?' said the gentleman passing, with a smil^of good humor pn his handsome face, to answer the charge of a very elaborately ' got up' young lady. It was before the rage for ' Alexandra limps' and ' Grecian bends,' or I am rare they would have been added to the list of Miss ? Hanson's already, irresistible charms. *' Step this way, and I will tell you,' she paid, patronizingly, and hurried ofi, beckoning pver hep shoulder after bim. Me: Gfower was mortified that he could not, consistently with common politeness, ignore the comrqand ; so inwardly chafing at the delay, he walked up to the stall where she had stopped, and seemed to be at home. ' Oh, pray see that I am not missed for one moment,' she said, with a pleading little look and blush. ' The Secretary of the Committee |s calling me;'' and away-^he darted to the further end of the building, on her fictitious errand. Mr. Gower felt ansrrv ; hut what was to be done ? How could he flatly deny a lady's re quest, even if she had given him the chance, which she had not? or how cpuld he justifiably wriggle out of this imposition on his time and patience? Chafe as he might, he was in chivalry bound to stay there until the little tyraness released him. Mr. Gower found himself fuming extensively, much galled by his chains, and sorely tempted -to do some thing out of order by way of revenge ; and it was with a very ill grace he answered several inquiries as to Miss Hanson's absence; he felt perfectly snappish. ' I say, Gower, I didn't know you. had a stall — or perhaps it's a company affair,' called out one loud- voiced individual*. f '^Didn't you ?' said Laurie, with a stony glance up at his interrogator. I am quite -aware Mr. Way does Bot know everything.' *' Any assistance required ?' asked another. . *? You will gr tify me exceedingly by doing one thing,' said our prozy, promptly. ' Ready, then ; what is it 2' 'Go and teach people, by example, to mind their own business,' was the ungracious reply ; whereat the justly astonished indi vidual departed, casting furtive glances at the caged lion. Presently Miss Hanson came flattering back, all smiles and gratitude. *' Now, Mr. Gower, excuse me for keeping you so long,' she said, radiantly. ' I'm sure you are a faithful knight. What shall I sell you? A lovek/ card ?case? No! Oh, do now — or a sweet smoking cap? Ah, that's better ; shall I parcel it ?' *'No, I thank you,' Mr. Gower said, with much dignity, f P«D forrv I was detained «o long,'- she hastened to sar, . *' So am I,' returned Mr. Gower. 'Good morning, Miss Hanson. I wish,' he muttered, as he moved away at a good pace, ' somebody would tell me a pair of spectacles, through which I could detect, at wholesome distance, the mancenvringa of yowg.iedieefli ; guess I fhould shift, my location from their quarters . yery quickly.' -?'..-. '. ' *4$Bfar jnae— iy-w vexatious!' Ajjd Miaa s^l^insop bit her under lip savagely, as she saw her prize disappearing. ' 1 wanted to ask hita a thing or two.' ' Perhaps I could be of service/' said a slightly sarcastic voice at her elbow. ' £ was only regretting that I did not get a few American hints from Mr. Gower/' she said, a little abashed. ' About what ?' ' How to conduct these things.' ' Rather indefinite ; ladies have so many of * these things' in hand, Miss Hanson, that nobody knows precisely which thing or what things they want hints upon.' ' The bazaar I meant, of course,' she said, a trifle annoyed. ' I can volnnteer no information whatever on that subject ; but I might give you a few Australian hints, which would be wholesome, if not quite so desirable as * American hints,' ' Charlie eaid, enjoying her chagrin and his own power. 'Thank \ou. Qne thing. at a time, if you please, Mr. Rivera. 'Ah, that will bp best,1' he said, with quaint approval. 'Ijet me see,' said the lady, biting her right thumb-nail. She bit a great deal, that young person did ; and tried to bite more, only sometimes she could hot succeed, any more than she could gee sensible, far-seeing fish to bite her hook. ' Let me see, your sisters have stalls, have they not, Mr. Rivers ?' «' They have— a stall— yes.' ' Well, will you kindly ask them to step over here and give me a few hints ?' ' I beg Miss Hanson's pardon ; I could not kindly do so.' 'Why not?' *? I can well believe you ignorant of to-day'g proceedings, if in simple sincerity you ask me to bid a lady forsake her post on so trivial an errand. It is customary for those who under take stalls to take care of them.' Miss Hanson was mortified ; she did not want iliat sort of hint. She liked the idea of making messengers out of all the eligibles; it pleased her to see them going about at her beck ; but it would be impolitic to allow her annoyance to appear. There were a few things she determined to know, by ' hook jot by crook,' before the day was over ; so she put on a quick apologetic air and said — ' Oh, really, you must pardon my thoughtlessness ; of course, how sily of me. Now, do let me sell you this delightful cigar-caBe,' ' I never speculate in things I don't want. I have no use for that article, thank you.' ' Don't you smoke ? Oh, I remember, you don't, (A great fib.) Well, excuse me, won't you ? Ab, there come the Verneys and Mr. Gower.' Charlie was moving away to meet his friends, when the little arch-gossip said in a whisper — 'Is that stranger with the Verneys the kind of half-brother that went to England ?' ' I don't think so,' returned Charlie com posedly ; ' but HI go and ascertain, by all means.' Poor Miss Hanson ; she gnawed her thumb down to the flesh, and then proceeded to operate in like manner on her fingers. This nail-biting habit was a pet one with her. It would have been some amelioration of Mr. Gdwer's displeasure, if he had known how well avenged he was He had been more than commonly displeased ; for he had promised to be at Mr. Verney's house punctually at a certain hour, to escort the girls to the scene of action. Tbe agreement was that if he was not there at the very minute, they, together with Harry Bellingham — a young friend of the Veryey's, on the eve bf a voyage to America — should come on without him. Owing to Miss Hanson's stupidity, he had been detained so long over the time (hat he met the party just outside tbe booth. ' Wasn't he a truant ?'' Hazel said, as she shook bands with Charlie. ' I think not, Miss Hazel ; say, rather, the reluctant victim of a fair enslaver. I saw you, Gower ; but I couldn't get to help you, being unfortunately a Committee 'man.' Mr. Gower made a wry grimace, and turned to Hazel. ' I felt inclined to do something shockingly rude,' he said ; ' I was so tricked. It was the most unwar rantable liberty I ever experienced.' ' Why didn't you ?' Dora said. ' I think she deserved punishment.' 'It would not be for me to punish her forwardness by a breach of politeness on mv part,' he said ; ' but, I tell you, I felt none of the patience of Job about me then. If it had been a man, I believe I should have wasted a few expletives over him, and left him in the lurch.' ' She is a poor, empty-headed thing,' Charlie responded ; ' scarcely worthy of your steel, Miss Verney ; and I almost feel sorry for the shot I expended over her.' ' Sorry for the shot!' Dora laughed. ' She's too soft to hurt the shot, bless you ' 'I am sorry I fired, then,' said Charlie, smiling. tl And I'm glad. She is a vicious little gossip. She would find pnison in the sweetest, fairest flower, because she herself instills it by contact' ' I know what you mean,' Mr. Gower said, quietly ; she is a mischief-maker/' ' Yes,' said Hazel, as Dora did not reply. ' I suppose she finds her time hangs heavily, so she hastens it by minding the affairs of others. It is common with people who do not care to cultivate their minds, I believe.' Charlie smiled across at Mr. Gower and Hary Bellingbam. ' That's nothing for Haze!,' said the latter, mischievously. u She's an oracle— -a first-rate one, too — on all philo sophical subjects.' ' I shall, for the future, be dumb to yon,' said Hazel, coloring under the fire of several pairs of eyes. - _ ' No you will not, my Dolphin priestess, if I may contradict so eminent and profound a ' personage.' il. Tease away, Master Harry ; I shall be out of yoi^r reach soon.' i' Ob, dear, you don't know how penitent I am, Hazel. Did it — I mean, was it among the offices of the oracle to confess and shrive a%oor sinner? I forget,' 'Harry said, with out a ghost of a smile. *.1 It Till i-e among ymg, offices to introduce, for your benefit, the process which is said to . have a salutary effect upon lad boys,' 'said Dora. :'-k^v ???!?;' ?? ? -; i.' -;?'/'? ' '? ' ?- ?'.*;; *l What is that ?' with comic fear ; you're not going to reduce the commissariat depart ment, I hope ?' ' Little Jboys, when they are naughty, must be whipped ard sent to bed,' quoted Charlie. * Is that what you mean ?' ' Something like it,*' laughed Dora. ' Ob, don't. I should raise Cain, I know I should. But, I say, tbat ain't an orthodox hymn, Mr. Rivers.' ' It was made by one who ought tp have been orthodox, then,' said Charlie. 'Who?' ' Tbe Rev. R. H. Barharo.' ' Ob, my word, 'aren't the ' Ingoldsby Legends' jolly,' said Harry. ' Some of them.' '? Saint Midard/' suggested Dora1 ?' And the parody pn Sir John Moore.' ?' What a queer brain Barham must have had.' ** He could write something better than nonsense,' said Hazel, reflectively. ' Did you know him ; have you got his carte de visite V said Harry, with overdrawn innocence. ' 1 know that,''1 replied Hazel. ' Well ?' queried Mr. Gower. ?' Then, I don't think he need have written so much nonsense,' replied Sagel. * There is a great deal of sense in his non sense, though,' Charlie said. ' Couldn't he have given it io the world less burlesqued ?' ' Perhaps not, and have taught so much and' so effectively.' ' Perhaps not,' she assented ; *' and per haps to some the lessons within are more appreciable through the style he uses.' ' But you don't like nonsense, though it be from one of the craft, little priestess,' said Harry. ' I do sometimes, Harry ; but a bookful, and such a big book full, of it — it seems to me a vast series of coinedie3, with nothing to vary the strain.' 'Nothing?' ' Well, very few lines, indeed.' ' And it's very few Jines or anything else we shall buy, if we stay out here,' Dora said, briefly ; and they started for the booth door. ' Come, buy ! What'U you buy ?' said the jocose old. farmer, who received their tickets. ' All sorts, Mr. Ware, when we get a fair start,' said Charlie. ' Come over to my sisters,' he added; and accordingly Miss Hanson had the mortification of seeing tbe whole party bear down on the opposite stall, where Isa Itivers and her sisters were busily waiting on their patrons. *' Have you anything pretty to sell U3, Miss Rivers ?' asked Mr. Gower, as he got a seat for Dora ; while Charlie was comfortably bestowing Hazel on a pile of empty boxes. (To be continued in our next). 