Primitive Mlethodist Church of New South Wales. DISTRICT 3MEETING.-THIRD DAY. Tua meeting was opened by the Presi. dent announcing the 138th hymn. com. mencing "Lord God the Holy Ghost," Tile Rev. J. S. Dobson and the Rev. B. Kenny led in prayer. A larieo number of delegates attended the devotional exer. cises. The meeting being properly constituted a point was raised as to whether Messrs, Bolt, Willis, Holmes, and Kimberly could take a seat in the meeting. It was decided to give them a sent cs hearers. It was resolved, " That we record our thanks to Almighty God for the measure of success vouchsafed during the services connected with the district meeting of 1877," and concurred inheartilylsinging the doxology. It was resolved to tender the thanks of the Assembly to the Rev. William Ringden for his able and instructive ser mon preached oni behalf of the district, at Crown.street, on Saturday evening last: and further,lthat a minute be placed in the records, and he be requested to furnish the editor of the connexional organ with the manuscript with a view to publication. At the conclusion of the sermon the Holy Sacrament was administered by the Revs. B. Kenny and C. Waters to sixty persons. Business being resumed, the :3rd rule, with note G on special cases, was read prior to considering special cases of re-stationing. A general and interesting discussion took place on the question of circuit and district privileges in special cases. It was ultimately decided that the special cases from Sydney, second, and Mnd gee circuits as sent by their quarterly board, for re- stationing of their preachers, be confirmed. The meeting now proceeded to tle business of stationing, which are as fol lows. after the third reading : Sydney, 1st John A. Foggon, John Penman; John Lauton, conditional. Sydney, 2nd-George James, Richard Jennings. Morpeth-William Sparling, one to be obtained. Goulburn - Charles Waters, George Smith. Bowral (Circuit Missioo) - Charles Willis. Camden-William Kingden. Wollongong-One to be sent. Newcastle- Joseph S. Dobson, one to be obtained, Wallsend-Rev. Bernard Kenny. Young-James Spalding. Macleay River-Samuel Gilby. Mudgee-James Studds. Parramatta and Liverpool --Jabez Ashmead. A vote of thanks was warmly tendered to the Rev. G, James for the very effec tual manner in which he has conducted the business of District Treasurer. The Rev. W. Kingden was appointed as his successor, office to take effect after the Ist March. The meeting appointed Mr. John Ken worthy (who is returning to Eongland) to represent the colony in the English Con. ference as lay delegate for June, 1877, and Councillor Robinson, of Hull, Eng. land, as his vice, the Rev. J. 8. Dobson and Rev. W. Sparling as examiners for the current year. Examining committee: Rev. J. A. Foggon, G. James, J. Studds, B. Kenny. That Mr.E. Simpson, Rev. J. Studds and Mr. J. Konworthy be placed on the general committe in London. That the members, both ministerial and lay, comprising the district committee be the building committee. That the Rev. G. James and Rev, J. A. Foggon write to the English Confe rence, requesting information concerning the deed to incorporate property in the colony, and thus enable us to pass a short deed through tile House, so as to place the property on a more equitable basis. 