The Mackrajer Papers* A BRIDE'S-MAID MUSING. At half-past nine in the morning, and a wretched morning at that, behold me already dressed to the last pin, for a wedding that does not take place till half-past eleven! See what -comes of being amiable and obliging ! I declare I'll give it up and "go in" for being as ill-tempered as I get the credit of being. I wish I hadn't a friend m the world. Thank goodness a few more weddings will make an end of those I still have. For, as everybody must have lepmt by experience, marriage wipes out old scores of love and friendship, and the " happy couple" make a new start. \- With your own hands you may have woven the wreath of starry stephanotis and heaven blue lobelia and twined it in the shining braids of Phyllis where it played its dainty part in the winning of her Corydon, being finally broken in two and treasured by the lovers after the manner of the time honoured broken sixpence With the knowledge of this in her heart, the bride of a few weeks will reward you with a cool nod. Corydon will ask " who is that Lady, Love," " Love " will reply ' I fancy it was Barbara Mackrajer, a girl I used to know. They say she has a horrid temper—jealous-minded, and all that." Or was it Corydon who once threw himself upon your kindness entreatmg.you with prayers and promises, for just one good word' with a justly mcensed " Old Boss." And you gave the word, tho' you knew before hand that the " Old Boss" would sneer, and tho' you had your own misgivings. But it turned out well, Corydon did turn over that new leaf, and the Old Boss has never repented Since the Corydon has spoken much of loyalty in friendship He is coming towards you now with his bride. You quicken your step and smile frankly. Corydon slowly raises his hat, with the air of wondering very much why he should take the trouble to do so ' ' Who 13 she 1 dear," asks Phyllis. After slowly wondering how his Phylhs can spare a thought to any passer by, Corydon replies, 1 ohe is a Miss Mackrajer, not a person I should like my darling pet to know—meddlesome and interfering." An . d you pass on, your unspoken greeting and good wishes turning to wrath and bitterness within you : until like me you get used to it and find that it is the usual result of a wedding, and you come to know that before the green leaves of spring have become brown, Phyllis and Corydon will have ceased to find each other quite so soul satisfying and will seek to fan again to flames the embers of "the old tried friendship" that themselves have quenched Thev J may fan ! How shivery the drawing-room feels. Why do you sit in it 1 you ask. Haven't I a fire? I sit in it because there are still three bride s-maids to dress upstairs, and because some of the groom's men are very much at their ease in the dining-room No I haven't a fire, and I didn't say that the room was cold ' I said " shivery" ; does nothing but material cold ever make' you shiver 1 Don't ghosts make your flesh creep ? You have never met - any. Perhaps not, some people have a wonderful facility for keepnig out of harm's way, and they do not think that fear has anything to do with it, they call it discretion ! Then we will suppose that you have been " discrete " enough never to enter yourdrawingroom at nine ^o'clock in the morning. You have only sacrificed your housemaid and the unlucky girl with her music to practise lou have never encountered daylight ghosts of mirth and laughter grim mocking imps that lurk beneath the fender-stool, that play a bendish bo-peep around the banner screen, that sneer from under the tables and jibe and gern from behind the sofas ; that howl at the opening of the piano and shriek at the drawing of the curtains Imps that throw the lightly spoken word back in your teeth, with a horrible significance that is all their own. Ghosts that with ghowl-like gusto and much grimace direct a smile, a fleeting glance a. trickling tear- drop, till you wish that smiles and tears, with all their damty kith and kin were forty fathom deep in ocean's brine and you beside them. ' Let us hope that ghosts, though wanting much in the refinement •of their more modern spirit kindred, have yet the delicacy not to manifest themselves m. full force, except in the presence of a medium one who has helped to give them their existence, and knows the secrets of their mechanism—knows, yet trembles Per haps for the school girl and the housemaid there are no ghosts at all but only scales^nd littery Still, ^even they must see the scowl m the faceM the Queen of Hearts, as she. lies neglected on the floor, and they cannot be blind to the demoniac sneer of the Knave of Diamondvwhen caught employed as a book- mark in the pages of \- 4< Tupper's Philosophy." t t ^ Half-past ten o'clock. My brothers have interviewed me. With fraternal frankness, Fred supposed that my, poor .dressmaker had -made the best she could of me! Harry ostentatiously pitied the v^ilow" I'm to be "tacked on to," and assured me that my merits will only bring me in at the tail of the hunt, i.e., the bridal procession. Jack did not say much ; at the best of times he is incapable of getting out more than three syllables at a time, and just now he was lost in amazement at the fortitude that could hold out against two mortal hours of got up solitude, with not so much as a cigar ! Jack's deliberate mode of utterance has been acquired by assiduous tobacco smoking, three syllables being about as much as can be conveniently thrown off with each cloud of smoke. ' It is not peculiar to Jack, yet neither is it so general as could be wished. If members of Parliament, for instance, would practise it, it would make tilings much easier for the reporters, who would not need to learn short hand, and for the Estimates, which would not need to be so heavily burdened, to provide for the dissemination of Parliamentary reports, such as this,— 4 ' Did ye not say it ?" No 3 'Tis but the mind Of honourable member giving way. Pray would he keep his seat. Nor 4 order' call. Let speech be unconfined. No work till morn when men and measures meet. To cram the weary hours with lying neat ^ Biidesmaids • Puttiii^ an end to my solitary state, but showmg triumphantly that the object for which it has been endured has been achieved. Fanny Bellew's six bride's maids all have their hair dressed exactly in the last new style ! by the one lady's maid in our set capable of that crowning effort. Did you hint that it is a mere variation * f the washerwoman's knot, and that it is as old as the Greeks s That is neither here nor there. It is quite new to us. We have had our hair "nod, noddin ;" we have "piled up the agony ;" we have tossed it down our backs, and cut it all off. Let us be classic in peace. 