mormonism: - by.- can 'travelling contmbutox. I-do not propose to wnto a history of Mor- monism, nor to divo very deoply into tho mystoi'ios of that religion. For a religion it is ; and absurd and 'contradictory ositap- ponre to mo and othor Gentiles, as all non- Mormons are dcBignatod by tbo Latter Day Saints, it is beliovod in most devoutly by tbo 125,000 Mormons who are to-day resident in tho torritory of Utah and by thoso mem bers of tho so. called '/Aon who arc still'1 dwollors in other portions of tho world. I bad always been under tho impression that tho only boliovors in Mormonism wore tbo officers of tho churoli, who grow rich by tho Imposture, hud tho common people who wore \- reoruitod from among tho most debased and Ignorant of tho populations of Kuropo. Such Is not altogether tho case. There is no doubt that Mormonism, witli tho polygamy whioh It encourages, degrados woman from tho position whioh she oceupios in Christendom to tho condition of fomaloB among tho poorer alassos of Musselmen, A Mormon woman is not, oxcopt in very rare cases, as well off as tho potted and spoiled inmoto of tho harem, Sho is rathor liko tho fellaliino, who shares the labors of her husband, but not his joys and pleasures, and who imagines that sho will occupy the same subordinate position in tlio next world whioh sho suffers in this. To Mustspha are tho blaok-oyed houris and the shady groves, tho rippling fountains and tho refreshing sherbet. Poor Fatima can only oxpoot to be a handmaiden, or serving girl at tho best ; and so with the Lattor-day saintoBs. Her position in tho next world is, in hor idoa, thnt of an appanage iipo;i someman to whom sho lias been either married or sealed in tho world bolow. If sho die oither too young to have boon married, or if she have not hcon luoky . ouough to seonra a spouse, sho "may got iuto the abode of tlio blessed in tho capacity of a daughter. Upon her own morits sho would bo nowhere. Can any ona imagine" a more degrading position for the softer sex ? Sliivos aiid paramours in thiB world ; mere dopondents in tho next. And yot tho most dovout Mormons are to bo found amongst tlio womou. During my stay at Salt Lake City I mtido tho acquaintance of two ladies — I employ tho term advisedly, for they were both women of education and cul ture, nud between them edited a newspaper called Woman's li'xponenti In reply ' to the stereotyped question as to what I thought of Salt Lako City, I replied that l oould speak favorably of the industry and good order of tlie people, but that I knew very little about their, religion or their social life. 'One of the ladies,: Mrs. E. B. Snow (a lady who has ' written so much verso that Bho is known as the Mormon . poetess), turned- upon mo with1 iome vehemence and said, " It is , to our re ligion and to our- social life we are tbe'mpst devoted.' What.oaii T .over hxpeot to' see- in there wilds 'to compensate ' me for tho lioiiip , and tho friends that 'I have lift .behind in - Massabhuisetts. It'is my religion, whioh I love, and for : which I .am propared to make any'saei'ifioe." ' .Tier companion, , who -was a ; Scotehwoman,'werit on further — "I loft my native land 'ud brought with mo; my two - sops. '.'.They .throw up , comfortable positions and bright prospects, and they wbrked here' ns lahoiera. - Do . you think -that auything' hut; fiiith' would have ;mado< nib loayo my1, old bomo - to build L'a new one in Ihesq''. 'mountains?", The jiwojadies-tbld mo, that, irr a'dditidn to their domestic duties, the women of Utah wore entrusted, .with an iuiportaiit duty, that, of storing grain, for stmspris . of . soarqity, and ,woro euoouraged to ., ptovido the menus for its purohoso.by. varL - ous .little retreuohmonts. suoh as. dispensing with fine: olotlies and jeWellery, of whioh the ladies of Utah seem'; just'' as fond as thoif ' 'si>tci's in tho Eastern States. . -.The Mormon lathes' Miqve. paid some attention ; to scri:, eulturo; "of late, and, appear just" as siingiuno about "future great results , as the most 'enthusiastic'; members "»f tlio Viotoriau SilkiCuIturo'Association. "T .Tbo religious literaturo;of' tho Mormons is ' pretty vpluminqus. - At the bookstand pf the: iiotbl ju'; ivhibli I .stiiyedr— an ;hqtel, whioh , furnizo and1 appointments, , lias no. iiiperiorjifi any bity of Vietbrja-Lw'qr'o sbin'o' tiyo or three and twenty volumes, ' from tlie l'Oolc 'of Mormnii, whioh is. tlio tuxt-bopk.of 'the',religion,>down to the report of a disbus- flion'botv/ebn Orson Pratt, who appears, to bb"! tho priuuijiai thqologiari of :thb 'JjatteriDiiy Saiuto;!". and1 the :Bbv', 'Dri!- 'Nbwmap; ;an" qiriihait7Mitliiat'"dividr'&'!<kieupIoa'.'<'. higli position' !',in his deriominatibii,' preablieli ut'tho Metvopolitiin Ohhreh, IVashingto'ii)"; ' "stands over". President IGrant ' and -Chief J ustibe Waito, and' \vns hot long ago selected ' hy the , United States Govbrnm'unt to. travol' all over: Envbpb'aiid Asia-'ou a!tpnr';of !'ih:. spectioii over the i varions, Tlhit'od' StatbB consulates.'-'.'. The : objeot of ;- the !. disctibf ' . si on was' — "Doos 'tlio ' Biblb' sanction . Polygaiuy.?". Of boiirse' tlio ra'pOrt ' I; lead; emanated,", from; ' Mormon , Bbureos, and .p.'iBaibly, ' juut as Dr. '' Johnoon , a)-;' ways'i tbok'paro,' when lie ! was rbporting tho debutes in - t.he llquse .of Commons, .that tlio AVhigs slionhl got tlio yvbrat of tbo argument, yo riiil the Saint' who chronicled the ,dispritb sa- contrive ' that vibtory should light npoii' the banners of tlie:Mqrnion.' I had met Dr. Newman in Washington society, where ho » enjoyed the reputation of being a innn who eoulil do rather more than hold his own, huV ' lie- oortainly was vei'y, small": beer & tho," hands !of Tratt, wlib proved' himself :io, be; "rather a Vulentiuo tliou an Orson, for lie,' got the bestl of tho doctor inf argument, and ' so .'belabored him- ' with ' texts' that ho ' was ; nt las t ' completely 1 silenced, ' and rtho . Mormbndirinecameoff triumphant. Aporusal of theLattor DayTheologylbadnmefothooon- olnsion that they bqliovo in'Niho'' doctrines of redemption, ".'but.' they suporndcPfour items of faith as nbcessnry : for salvation— belief in the atonbmbut of ' Christ,' remission of sins;;' baptism by immersion, administered by some oiiu -authorised of- Christ,' and the laying on of banda for tlio1 gift of the Holy Gliost."' All \ thoso wh'o eomply witli those conditions ob tain forgivoiioislof -tboir sins; are made pnr- takers ofciho Holy .Ghost, ; enjoy 'the ' gifts of , 'prophecy and healing, visions, '"rove- lations, null .power of , working mira- , ales, a.The ;Mormous . holievo, in ' the literal, jatliering'of Israel, nn'd'thb rostoratibu of the' leu tiihes ; that ZioTi ' wiUybe established on . the Wostem Contineht-onb hrnrich'''at.Snlt' Lake - City, ..the. other - some whero "on the' bonks,; of .the -Missouri— that';; jOhrist' will reigu' personally on tho earth for, j a thousand - years ; bud that the earth .will he renewed . and 'reeeive its ' paradisaical . glory. , The,' Mormon' hierarchy 'obhsists of.tlib'president; ' twelve apostles, "prophets, pastors; 'teaoliors,"- ,&c.;, . some qlseted- by , the - peopie,- others ippointqil by .Brighnm i'ouug. Polygamy is not' the "rula but , rather, the >ex; oeption, but it is onjoined.,. upon. .'. all Mormons that, tliby should have as , many wives. ti's tliey can support; au injunction wiiibh'thoy seem to obey with great readi ness. I asked one yldorly Monuon whether tlio fcflioa were never jealous. He replied that they weronot, but, on the contrnj-'y, thewives constantly urged thoir husbands to get oven more married tlian thoy were already, and were vory fond of playing the part of match makers, not for their eons and daughters, but for their husbands. So much for tlis Mot- mon view of the esse. Persons who have left the church assert, on tho other baud, that the wouicu fcol bitterly their degraded position under polygamy. One tiling is quito oertain, there is no means by which the Saiuts eau compel women to marry thorn, Utah is presided over by an United States Governor' who has no sympathy with the Mormons; tho judiciary and executive are in the- hands of tho Uentilcs, the guns of Camp Douglas frown upon the city of Brig- ham young. Any woman, even if brought lip n Mormon, could leave the church, and sue would find plenty of assistance from the Gentiles of any city in tho territory. Many women have so left, and no attempt has been made to molest thorn, for the Mormons are' wise enough not to kick against, the pribks, hut to accept tlio inevitable. There wos a time when the president and the apostles and tho bishops were absolute. It is now so no longer. 1 am forced, therefore', to believe that the women who contract these polygamous marriages do so with' their eyes open, and, shockingas it may seem, are quite OOntentod with their destiny. The Mormon aarriagesareof two kinds, tomporal audcele3. fiat ; marriages for time, marriages for eternity. A Woman may be the celestial v/ifo of one mail and the temporal wifo of another. Widows, for example, although tho oeles. tinl husnand is iu tho other world, may if they please contract a temporal and tern- , poriiry union in this. Man iagr-a by widowa,. are; however, lc3S common amongst.' Mormons than amongst other folks. My' Saintly friend informed mo tliataltliough Kimball, one of tho principal ciders ot tho church, hod been dead for aevou or eight yoars, not one of his fourteen widows hud married again. They were all awaiting tlio tirao whon thoy could rejoin their lord iu the' next world. It is i.traure thai, with strong views about tho sanctity of marriage, di- vorco should be permitted amongst thom. But so it is, Eliza Young,, who bus1 given so mubh scandal, to the Mormon ' community,' by ' leaving tho" presi dent; suing . him for alimony, and leoturing against polygamy in tho Eastern States, was a divorcee whon Brighain married hor, ."Sliolod.a eat and dog life with her hus band," said my informant, "and so got- di.vorcod from him, and ' wont to llvo with her ohildren nt tho houso of hor fnthor . and motlior. Sho and thoy ran after tho President to get him to marry licr. Ho did not run aftor her." Therodoos notseoiu to bo uny rule abont tlio homo lit'o of tho Mor mons. Sometimes, iu tho caso of men of. moans, each wifo has a soparnto establish ment. Iu others all tho wives live together, and share tho household or farm duties. Most persons who liavo visited tho Mor mons anticipate that aftor tho death of Brigham Young tho commuuity will break ' up, unless it lias been previously absorbed by tlio Gentiio element. I have eomo to n different- conclusion, Thoro can bono doubt .about the groat executive and administrntivo ability of Brigham Young. Originally an Indiana cavpoiitor, and withbut littlo educa tions advantages, lie lias shown all tho qualities of a great leador -of men. Ho lias proved himself equal to ovory emergency. By _ turns explorer, lawgiver, diplomatist, engineer, architect, soldier aud iiuanoior, lio has displayod in oacii capacity abilities of tho liignost nrdor. It was no small feat to bring tlio Mormons in 1846-47 through tho plains of Nebraska, and tho mountains of Wyoming, across ' doop and rapid rivers, through country -infested by iioroe and hostile Indians, to the shoreB of Salt Lako to induoo his follower-: by patient industry to subdtio the wilderness and oou- vert tho doBort into a garden ; to fortify the passeB and canons leading to tho valley in such a manuor that United States troops thought it imprudent to outer the settlement ; to initiate a system of irrigation, wator supply and sewago ; to temporiso in such a man nor with tho Washington" authorities that at the present time ho is virtually the despot of the Mormon portion of tho Utah population. ' Tho oity of tho snintB in as well- laid ont as. Mel bourne, whioh is saying n great deal, and, liko it, streams of wator run down every streot, though candor compcla mo to admit that they are cloanor and brighter than tho ditohes whioh disgraoe Elizabeth and Swan, ston streets. Tlio tabernacle built by Brig ham Young will, it is Haid, seat from 8000 to 10,000 peoplo. But its aeoiiotio properties nro so good that a person speaking in a con versational tono can be heard from ono end to the other, while tho arrangements for emptying tlio congregation in oaso of fire are perfect, there being tweuty- fonr doors, nil of which open out wards. Tho onomies of Brigham Yotiuv point out tho darker features of liis cha racter. They assort that lie iB responsible for the outrages committed by Mormons upon emigrant trains, and that ho was tho con triver' of tho Mountain Meadow massaore twenty years ago, for which ouq Mormon, Leo, was lately oxoeutod, and that , ho has . acquired so. , much woalth. that,: in addition to the . large < sinonnt oE - proporty ownod by - him ; in Utah he has many hundreds of .thousands sterling invested iri'JESngUsh' seotiritieK1-. 'Of 'tM truth of these statements' I know nothing, but I havo formed tho very highest estimate .of President Young's abilities. It appears to me,""hbwbver, that Mormonism' is; too woll .established to depend for its existence upon tho life of any one man." - As a -religious , syBtom it may be detestable, -but as a political it is certainly vi success. ' The people— who ' when they arrive ore wretoliodly "poor ; who . are recruited" from amongst the humblest olassos ' in : tho"'. moat poverty- stricken; . ooiiutries pf Europo — -gradually acquire, if not . wealth; . at' least competence. They give : larjgely. to the ohiiroh and public purposes, : hut the residue of their' means spoms to lnain- . tain thorn comfortably, and tho forms and ' cottages of Utah are certainly not inferior to thoso of tho Western States. No one, that iB -tb say, no ono outside the hierarohy, knows 'what becomes of tho contribu tions"' of 'the- faithful, how much - is . oxpondod- upon immigration; , hoiv milch upon tho relief of tho poor, tho aged and .tho- mak,; h'ow much, upon , education, hoiv m'tieh' , is saokod hv Brigham arid, his 'friends. .But immigrants do comb, .the , poor and ,siok are ' oared for, the children are educated; of oourso :. as Mormons, olid taught to sing little hymns. : in which they 'trill out— . : oh; iiow litippy I oughtto bo ' For, dnildy, i'iu r. llurmon. , . And ' : :> r ; ; ' 'IliB God that others worship Is hot' the God for: : , mo; : . . ' " ' . Alchurch . without a prophet ; Is not the church lor i ' , mo j - - - , - ; r i, . j A Vcuurcli . without apostles is. not the church lor , ' ' The hope that Goiitllcs chorlah Is: not thb hopo for . : nio ; " 1 ; > ' : : ' ' " " . : , It-has uo faltli nor knowledge, far from It I would . &o.;, &o.;, and'Brigham waxes fat' and pro3. .porotli. Oho instance uf-liis shrewdness was . told' me. . lip invariably recommends' his : follotvbrs to abstain from mining investments.' , Tliore are some bxoelloht mines in the terri- , tory— ooal, copper, silver.;, hud- gold"; tho . fauious Emma uiine ia in Utoh ; but the saints ; keop olbqr of 'tlieni. . The Mprmohs work in, thorn, .butthey leavothe shares sovorolyalone. Tlio polioy of Brigham Young is to grow the grain for tlio miuers, to Bell them butter,' \- eggs aud, milk, and leave, the"' losses mid the 'profits to men- of longer' bonds', and- larger ' meanB. ' Those' -most', familihr with' mining investments in Viptoriri will realisb tho -. sound sense of .President' Ypung'u ' advice,',, . The- very 'polygamy ' whioli ip , so atro-. oious I in ' ' its social aspect is 'not< ;so'. altogether vinwiBp .politieaily. Not:' .withstanding the largo infant mortality, —how large no oaB'can tell, for registration; '4s unknown in ,Utak — 'tlio population iu; ' areases with groat rapidity." There are fow womon within tho ohild-benring ages' who ; are not mothers. Ono patriarch is tho father : of fifty sons and twelvo daughters, and there are several whoso contributions to tho popu lation of Utah n.ro nearly as largo. Tho traveliovs who propheoy tlio , speedy collapse of Mormonism base. their opinions upon the grudual increase of tho G entile ; population io Utah. I see littlo or no proB- pact of any snch contingency. = I took some pains to ascertain what proportion' of tbo; 150,000 persons who live in the territory, wore Gontilos. The officials of1 tho United , .States- assert ouc;sixth." The ' Mormbiis claim that .'nine-tenths , of tho ,; wholo community, belong tii Zion, , Probably the : ino'aa, between .the two qxtromns would be about correct, whieli would give 20,000 Gen tiles, to 130, 000 Mormons. : Tliis places the greater. : portion of political power in- the hands of Brigham Young 'and his followers. The Governor and- the Executive, the ..Tndiciaiy aiid the Marshals, who are a species of United States police, ' nro ap- pointed' from Washington, bat of tlio twouty- six 'mUmbors of the TJtnh Legislature t.iventy.fivo are Mormoh3, aud the same pro- portiqn holds good in the oaso of tho .inferior, judgep, tho magistrates, and tho :jnries. Unless, therefore, the United States 'Government were to interfere and disfran- cliiso the Mormons, or take ebmo step equally extraordinary .and repugnant to American notions, tlio Saints must havo tho lion's share of tho power. Thoy cannot go outsiilo the law to persecute Gentiles, and they would bo careful about doing .any thing which would bring about that interference which they dread. But in side tho law tho church is all-powerful. It is only quito recently that it has been possible to bring any of tlio per petrators of the Mountain Meadow mas saore to justice, and, without packing a jury, it would be impossible to get a conviction for bigamy. "Tt is just as impossible," said an United Stato3 official to mu, "for us to deal with a wiiolo people who are banded together against uo as l fc it would ho for the United Sratos troops, to protect .-.11 the negroes in the Gouth if they wont to the polls to voto tho Republican ticket, or for the British Govern- mont to catcli all tlio fieas in London," A forciblo, if inelegant, Way of putting the ease. The legislative power being in Mor mon hands, tho loaders are astute enough to use it so as to make Utah a very unpleasant place for outsidors. The United States Homestead Lav/ allows uny one to take up waste land outside tho limits of corporate towns. The Utah Legis lature has so exteuiled tho boundaries of their towns that they include nearly tho whole territory. It' a Mormon selects land thoro ie lio opposition. If a Gentile wish to do so lie is iit once prevented. The Saints find Utah attractive ; outsiders, except o fow ocgugod ill mining and trading, do not. To a Mormon tho Salt Lako Valley is tho pro mised land; there ho v/ill find everything that ho desires, to be obtained by hard work, it; is true, but still to bo obtained. To a Gentiio Utah rankB below a dozen states and territories whieli lie west of tho Missouri, between tbo Dominion of Ganiula and tho Mexican frontier, and it is less attractive than many because of tho presence there of tho Mormon. Tlio above was written before tbo doath of. Brigham Young. 1 still adhere to tlio opinions which i formed upon tho spot six mouths ago. Unless thoro is somo in lor- ferenoo from without, aud tho condition of affairs in Utali is not much more abnormal than ill somo portions of the South, I soo no reason to believe that tlio condition of affairs at Salt Lako City will materially alter. "Who ever succeeds Brigham Young, tho Mormons will, remain at Salt Lake. 