Science. COLOUR GHOSTS. Some years ago a book was published in this country — we oannot reoall ita exact title —the purpose of whioh was the production of ghosts. On its pages were various reuresen- tations of Bpectral shapes, printed in extremely brilliant colours on a white ground. Directions wore given to fix the eyes intently on these for some moments, and then lurn them suddenly to a white wall or soreen, when the " ghost" would appear in the form depiotod in the book, but of an entirely different colour. If the pioture was red, tho spootre on the wall would be green ; if the former was yellow, the latter would be blue ; and so on. A similar illusion may be produced by any of our readers in "a muoh simpler way. Cut a small diBk out of white paper and lay it on a blaok surface. Look at it steadily for a quarter of a minute or so, and then direot the eye to a white, or, better, to a grey surface, as a Bheet of grey paper; and you will see a dark image of the shape and size of the white disk. If a coloured disk is used, the after-image, as it is called, will be coloured, but of the hue complementary to that of the disk ; that is, if the one is green the other will be purple, if the one is yellow or orange the other will be of a darker or lighter blue, eto. Complementary oolours, as most ol our readers probably know, are those whioh, if mixed, will produce white. If the surface is of the same oulour as the disk, the after-image will be faint and whitish ; if it is of the colour cumplementary to that of the disk, the imago will appear of the same colour intensified. Thus, if the disk is bluish green, nnd the gaze is turned from it to a red ground, we shall see a " ghost" of a deeper and more brilliant red. If we look upon a coloured surface of any other than the complementary hue, the colour of the after-image will blend with that of the surface. For instance, if the objeot is green and the surface blue, the image will be violet. These phenomena admit of a very simple explanation. When tho retina of the eye has been exposed to a continued impression of one colour, it is wearied and becomes less sensitive to that colour. If now it ia exposod to the impression of white light, it will respond more readily to the other colours that make up white, that is, to those whioh produoe the complementary hne. Quite likely some of our readers who have occasion to use red ink have observed that if, after writing with it for some minntes, they change directly to black ink, the latter will at first appear of a distinot green colour. Some eyes are more sensitive than others to these delusive impressions, but any person can see the complementary colour if he has looked at the other long enongh to tire the eye. Dr. Bezold, in his " Theory of Colours," among many ourious things connected with this subjeot, illustrates the fact that, while if a black object bo seen against a coloured ground (as black print on red paper), the blaok, when viewed intently, will show a slight tinge of the complementary colour, the effect is greatly heightened by laying thin white tissue paper over the surface ; Bhowing that " an admixture of white light is favour able to the production of contrast." He also notes the singular faot that the variouB colours which may be given to the ground differ greatly in their capability of calling forth the contrasting colours. " Green, blue, and violet— in faot, all the so-oalled cold colours —will originate very vivid contrasting oolours, while this is the case to a muoh lower degree with red, yellow, and yellowish green.'' The coloured plates in Dr. Bezold's bonk illustrate this very vividly, but the reader can produce a similar effect, by putting a disk or figure cut out of black papor or cloth on a bright coloured surface — red, yellow, green, blue, or purple — and spreadiug the white tissue paper over the whole. Tho variety of hues whioh the black aseumes is very striking, and tends deoide lly to shake one's faith in the popular proverb tbat " seeinv i< believing." We know that tho black is blaok, but we cannot Bee it as black, however earnestly wo rnav endeavour to reason ourselves out 0f tho illusion.— Boston Journal of Chemistry. 