THE PEERYBINGLE PAPERS. The celebrated Jem Mace, having arrived at Sydney, has consistently and suggestively taken up his abode at " Punch's "hotel. There is nothing like Association, as Mr. T. P. Hill will tell you. Punch, to be sure, is suggestive of a delicious compound of liquors, but as connected with the name and fame of Mr. James Mace, it leads the mind to gentle meditation upon the glories of the noble art, and the history of its heroes. Talking of this, I remember one of those gentlemen (Mr. Mace will also remember this graphic episode in the career of the noble being of whom I speak) who, when commencing his profession, fought at Norwich with another elevated creature, known as the "elastic Potboy." Mr. Mace—I beg pardon, the noble being to whom I allude—had no stomach for the fight. After having sparred, and danced about the ring in the peculiar cork-like manner which these personages affect, he received a slight blow upon his classic nose. He immediately fell—just as a seal will give up the ghost if you tap it on its proboscis. Well, he seemed knocked out of time, and his second, with that chivalrous regard for his principal's honour which is one of the most humanising attributes of the noble art, bit his ear through, to bring him up to the scratch. In vain! Mr. Mace—tut! what am I saying? I mean the noble being to whom I refer—did not respond even to this eloquent appeal. Awaiting the call of "time" ere he recovered from his swoon, he got up and walked away. This was the beginning of Mr.—I mean this noble being's career, and it at once stamped this noble being as a gentleman of great fortitude and forbearance. I shall look curiously at Mr. Mace's left ear if I should ever experience the great joy of seeing that gentleman in all the glories of flesh and muscle. Major Smith attributes the disorders in the late Assembly to the fact of there having been no loss than thirteen lawyers in the Lower House. Well, though the Ballarat hero and his chums are net at all muffs in a wordy shindy (I'd back Lalor against Biddy Moriarty any day of the week), I am not at all sure that this particular member of the Smith family wasn't "on the spot" in what he said about the lawyers. Thirteen licensed jaw-waggers are enough to distract and set by the ears a society of Quakers—much less a mob composed (if we are to believe their assertions touching each other's characters) almost exclusively of /Shakers/. Besides, my eldest sprout, who is going in fer what is termed a good education, with a view of becoming a Civil Service loafer, tells me that the great French Revolution was mainly brought about by the enormous preponderance of the Devil's Own—/avoçats/, he calls 'em—returned to the frog-eaters' Parliament in those days. And it's odds that, if we get an undue dose of such very pretty limbs of the law as Baby Gaunson in our next gabbling shop, we shall get up a revolution on our own account, and that, as Mr. Munro says, "there will be shooting on both sides." For my own part, I go in for Jack Cade's idea—"The first thing we do, let's kill all the lawyers;" though, to be sure, this would be rather rough on the devil, unless he had fair warning given him to lay in a fresh stock of firewood and sulphur. At our club, the other night, I had a crack, I as the Scotch say, with a friend of mine, touch-Master William Shakespere. My friend is an actor, out of a job; and he knows everything about plays and their writers, and is moreover uncommon good judge of beer. "Mr. Peerybingle," says he, with slow measured utterance, "the divine Bill has been greatly insulted. A party, a scum, Sir—a hass, Mr. P.—one of those blowflies that are always showing forth their ignorance—this fellow, Sir, has been writing to papers, making the astounding, the outrageous statement that the divine bard wasn't the divine hard at all, but that Sir Walter Raleigh—Sir Walter Raleigh, by Jove, Sir!—was the real author of the plays which we hold sacred to the memory of the Swan, Sir, of Avon. Sir, I have read your papers. You have a habit of hitting out straight from the shoulder. Inform the public that this poor creature is demented. Tell 'em, Sir, that Sir Walter Raleigh's time is fully accounted for on the waybill of life; that he was discovering and naming Virginia in honour of Queen Bess, when Will Shakespere was writing his plays, and producing them at the Globe and that, when Raleigh was abroad on the Spanish main, the divine Bill taking the chair at the 'Mermaid,' free and easy, exchanging witty banter with Ben Jonson, Dekker, Greene, Peele, and others"—and here my friend drank up his third pint, arranged his cloak (in Hamlet fashion) around his shoulders, and stalked forth. Well, loving Shakespere, I fear, a little better than my Bible, I agreed with my actor friend. Sir Walter Raleigh was too vain of his performances in the pen-and-ink line to shun the authorship of such works as "The Tempest" and "Hamlet." The man who wrote the "History of the World" in his prison cell, and "The Lie" just before he was made a had shorter —to suit the times—wasn't exactly the sort of person to clap his name to every little fugitive piece he wrote, while he ignored his claim to to creation of such a big matter as Shakespere's plays. Bah! what hobbies some people seize upon! Authors don't alter as time rolls on. Like doctors, they hate each other like two reigning belles; and if the gentle William had been an impostor, his genial contemporaries would jolly soon have shown him up. Ben Jonson who lived, and talked, and drank, and quarrelled, in turns, with Shakespere, should know a little more about our god-like dramatist than an ass who nourishes in Melbourne three hundred and sixty years after toe glory of all ages faded into the grave. Why, how now, you gaping caviller! What did bluff Ben write of his dear gossip?— "What needs my Shakespere for his honoured bones; Is it a monument of piled stones?" Well, well, when I met my friend the play-actor next day, I told him what I had written. I "Sir," said he, "you are my brother. I have threepence; have you threepence?" "Yes." ''Well, well drink Will Shakspere's health, and confusion to the idiots who meddle with his memory." And we did. Mr. Pooley, the cricketer, seems to have suffered the exhilarating influence of New Zealand air to have overcome his sense of discretion. The New Zealand telegrams state that this gentleman was arrested, immediately after the match at Dunedin, upon a charge of "playing old Harry, and breaking things," which, being interpreted, means damaging property belonging to another of the value of £5. Well, you know, distinguished visitors may be allowed some latitude; and those who are habitually engaged in manly sports naturally suffer under an excess of animal spirits, if of no other. But, my faith, if the noble eleven go on like Mr. Pooley, they will, of a surety, find themselves stumped in public opinion ere they return to their dependence and servitude in the old country. Mr. Pooley must submit himself to a course of sedatives. Professor Pearson has, at any rate, given us some fair evidence of his fitness to become a member of the Legislative Assembly, in that he unmistakably understands the noble art of trimming his sails to suit any breeze blown by his constituency. He is in favour of payment of members, good easy man; but he will vote against the system if his constituency desires it. Bravo, most candid of Professors. This is having a mind of your own with a veageance. It is something like that remarkable grammer which you and your brother Professor gave to a grateful world, and which is so constructed as to suit the liberal views of free-and-easy students. They may adapt its rules and its illustrations to their own particular opinions on the subject of grammatical construction. You'll get on, Professor. We shall have you on the Treasury benches yet, where your easy conscience will have ample room for exercise, and where the singular faculty you possess of drawing comparisons where none exist, and discovering analogies in palpable opposites, will bring you applause, place, and pay. You'll do, my son. For a new chum—so to speak—you have very rapidly attuned your pipes to the popular liking. JOHN PEERYBINGLE. 