A FIRST-HAND GHOST STORY. A PAPER on the Other World, which appears in the current number of the Church Quarterly Review, contains the following first-hand story, which will no doubt be welcome to mnay l-eaders as a contribution, of a very large number of authentic stories testifying to appearances of a dying man at the moment of death to distant friends:—" The fact is that this class of what are called "'ghost, stories' isso numerous, and so thoroughly well authenticated, that the hesitation would rather be as to whether they be properly supernatural at all. We mean that the question arises whether it may not be possible in the nature of things —under certain circumstances—for the departing spirit to manifest itself to distant friends at the instant, the fleeting moment, of transition from this to the other world ? If any one replies, if so, why is it not even more common 2 our answer is easy. There are numerous things quite natural which are much more uncommon than the well-ascertained instances of this class of event. In the house in which these pages are written a tall and wide staircase-window with a northern aspect, throws a strong side-light car the entrance into the chief living-room, which stands at the end of tire passage running nearly the length of the house. It was after midday, in midwinter, many years since, that the writer left his study, which opens into the passage just mentioned, on liis way to his early dinner. The day was rather foggy, but there was no density of vapour, yet the door at the end of the passage Seemed obscured by mist. As he advanced, the mist, so to. call it, gathered into one spot, deepened, and formed into the outline of a human figure, the head and shoulders, becoming more and more distinct, while the rest of the body seemed enveloped in a gauzy cloak-like vestment of many folds, reaching downwards so as. to hide the feet, and from its width, as it rested on the flagged passage, giving a pyramidal outline. The full light of the window fell on the object, which was so thin and tenuous iu its consistency that the light on the panels of a highly-varnished door were visible through this lower part of the dress. It was altogether colorless, a statue carved in mist. The writer was so startled that he is uncertain whether he moved forward or stood still. He was rather astonished than terrified, for his first notion was that he had been witnessing some hitherto unnoticed effect of light and shades He had no thought of anything supernatural, till, as he gazed, the head was turned towards liim, and he at once recognised the features of a very dear friend. The expression of his countenance was that of holy, peaceful repose, and the gentle, kindly aspect which it wore in daily life was intensified (so the writer, in recalling the sight, has ever since felt) into .a parting glance of deep affection. And then, in a instant, all passed away. The writer can only compare the manner of the evanescence to the way in which a jet steam is dissipated on exposure to cold air. Hardly, till then, did he realise that he had been brought into close communion with the supernaftiraL The result was great awe, but no terror, so that instead of retreating to his study he went forward and opened the door, close to which the apparition had stood. Of course he could not doubt the import of what he had seen, and the morrow's or the next day's post brought the tidings that his friend had tranquilly passed out of this world at the time when he was seen by the writer. It must be stated that it was a sudden summons; that the writer had heard nothing of him for some weeks previously, and that nothing had brought him to his thoughts on the day of his decease." 