Alleged Periodicity of Droughts. A CORRESPONDENT of the Courier of September 12, writing from Milton under the siguiture of "A. J. B.," comments freely, and in a style the reverse of complimentary, upon an article in re the drought, which appeared in the same journal on September 8, and I, as the writer of that article, claim the privilege of a reply to him. "A. J. B." appears to pin great faith to Mr. Russell, the Government Astronomer in Sydney, both of whose existence and whose paper on "Periodicity of Droughts" I was well and fully aware when I penned my article of September 8; but I am not so impressed with them as "A. J. B." appears to be ; and I am going to traverse and dispute a number of his and Mr. Russell's assertions. It is very cool of "A. J. B." to assume that I alluded to or called Mr. Russell a "charlatan;" "visionary" would be more of my term for him. Besides which, anyone who took the trouble to read my article would see that I asserted that a person who would attempt to construct a theory from my data (which differ materially from Mr. Russell's) would be somewhat of a visionary or charlatan. "A. J. B." ingeniously distorts this into an imaginary attack by me on Mr. Russell, who, by-the-way, is not the first scientific man who has studied and tried to form a theory as to periodicity of floods and droughts in Australia. He is comparatively a new chum in the country; and, long before his day, Professor Jevons, then of the Sydney Mint, and now in England, did, nearly twenty years ago, attempt to construct an eleven-year period of recurrence in the excep- tional seasons. If my memory be correct, his paper appeared in some almanac of 1859, pub- lished by Sands and Kenny, and was, every whit, as carefully compiled and ably argued as is Mr. Russell's, and yet, after all, it only amounted to speculative theory. It made a convert of me at the time, and I followed it in a paper I read in 1864 before our local society, but I have grown older, and have since seen that no re- curring period can be considered as unvarying to a reliable extent sufficient to make it of the slightest practical use, and that is what we want in Queensland. And then, again, of what utility would it be to know, for certain, of recurrences, unless it could be proved (whieh neither Mr. Russell nor "A.J.B." even attempt to do) that the periodicity obtains and is repeated at the same place. Of what earthly use, for instance, would it be to know for certain that a drought or flood, happen- ing, say at Brisbane, would be repeated a specific number of years afterwards -not at Brisbane, but at Deniliquin or Springsure ; and of what interest would it be to Darling Downs farmers to know that their weather of 1877 is a counter= part of that experienced at Wagga Wagga in 1858, and that it will be repeated at Port Denison (bar accidents) in 1896? and, apropos of all this, Mr. Russell's data and dates appear to be drawn from here, there, and everywhere, and a so called theory built upon them. Again, I am an older colonist, I fancy, than either Mr. Russell, Mr. Jevons, or "A.J.B.," having arrived here in "the forties," and I have watched the weather a little myself, and I would ask any other old colonist how Mr. Russell's nineteen year theory will bear the test of, at any rate, Brisbane ex- perience, as follows :- We have now a drought in 1877. Bueno ! Then where was the drought of 1858 ? There was a flood in 1857, but where was the flood of 1876 ? We had a flood in 1875, where was the flood of 1856 ? We had a flood in 1873, where was its fellow in 1854 ? The flood of 1852 found no counterpart in 1871. The drought of 1854 was, nineteen years afterwards, followed by the floods of 1873. 1870 was "flood" enough here to satisfy the most thirsty, and in 1851, or nineteen years before it, the people of Brisbane actually had to cart water in from Kedron Brook ! 1841 gave us a tremendous flood, with a rise of 70 feet at Ipswich but where was its nineteen year counterpart in 1860 ? I could go on filling up space, but I forbear, having, I con- sider, said quite enough to demolish any set nineteen year theory, hereabout at anyrate. Where there are so many exceptions as those I have quoted, the rule is either totally non-exis- tent, or at best valueless. By way of a comment on Mr. Russell's wet and dry "series," as instanced by "A.J.B.," I may state that from 1782 to 1792 was, on the authority of Captain Flinders, a time of drought, wherever observed and wherever he landed in Australia ; the first settlers in Sydney found a drought in 1788 , in 1797 a severe drought occurred at Western Port, near Melbourne ; 1799-1806 was a flood time ; Hawkesbury River rose 101 feet at Windsor, crops nearly destroyed, and wheat 80s. a bushel ; drought began in 1810, and water was 6d. the bucketfull in Sydney by 1811 ; 1811-1826 were more wet than dry, Hunter River rose 37 feet in 1820 ; 1826-1829 terrific drought, longest ever known, water 4d. a gallon in Sydney in 1829 ; flood in the Hawkes- bury in 1830 ; drought there came on slowly and by degrees, getting worse and worse, till 1838 and 1839, when live stock was nearly ex- terminated throughout Australia ; and the Murrumbidgee itself dried up like Sandy Creek on the Samford-road, let us say ; the great flood of 1841 was the reaction of this terrific drought. The foregoing is strictly authentic, it does not seem to point to any particular periodicity, and is moreover, as a matter of course, not all com- piled or observed at one place ; it is useful, how- ever, in order to traverse (as I proposed at the outset to do), the arguments and inferences of Mr. Russell and "A.J.B." A writer in the Melbourne Argus, of Septem- ber 6, sets up the theory that droughts on this earth are contemporaneous with absence of spots on the sun, which spots are not visible at pre- sent, and that spots on the sun bring rain on this globe of ours. This idea will not hold water either, for the world is such a small speck as compared with the sun, that the latter can surely have no power of discriminating in its treatment of or effects on the earth ; and yet we had only a few weeks ago, telegrams from England of un- usual floods there, just when our Australian drought was at its worst. But can spots present on, or spots absent from the sun's surface, cause flood in England and drought in Australia at one and the same time? This is also vanity and vexation of spirit, as the Wise Man used to say. N. B. the r the« sistc publ of ti IS \l( hcen weig A as te a loi tho Bimi the N I no but app< You B 8, a law Cha reaf boh I vail day due cus hin Bto of the and lore s of lied tito the dis ugh /ale, ttle, one idox ture the the suive otice the that iiory full There is a great deal in what is called "Asso- ciation." We don't mean the National Associa- tion altogether, though, at the same time, we have nothing to say against that useful institu- tion ; and, what is more, we are actually going to speak of it presently ; but the article we mainly allude to is the association of ideas and their effect upon the imagination. Now what can be more dreary than the appearance of the Bowen Park show grounds when there is no ex- hibition going on. This cockneyfied suburb of Brisbane is generally sacred to the brickmakers' carts from Lutwyche, and the four-horsed and rapid travelling funerals of "dressed" beeves and porkers, done to death in the classic shades of the Kedron Brook by metropolitan butchers. The Hospital itself is not cheerful, nor Alhambra- like, either in architecture or "association" ; but in that thrilling third week of August, how changed is the scene on which the triple hills of Toombul, Enoggera, and North Brisbane look down approvingly. It is like Vauxhall of old, transformed from winter to summer. We go there ; we pay our shilling, and we walk in. Is this Bowen Park, near Brisbane ? We trow not. No, indeed ! In imagination, we are wafted to shelly-beached Wollongong, to Singleton on the Hunter ; we are nigh to the abode of Busby, of Cassilis, and other New South Wales "identities." Tell us not of the "Bowen Bridge-road." This, -this is the Clarence River ; we are at Chauvel's, and the "great water" that comes down from Lindsay and the Macphersons is rolling past us. Are not the very cattle themselves here to prove it ? Our Grand Dukes, and Derrimuts, and Cherry Ripes, and the rest of them, have no fellowship or "association" with the dusty high- way that leads from Brisbane to the reefs of Gympie. For one week in the year, at any rate, our eight-acre lot is cosmopolitan with pictures, and models, and horses, and foods, and drinks, with the spoils of ths earth, the air, and the sea. Our theatrical season only lasts a week in the year, it is true, but what a week it is ! What a goodly company of actors and spectators both ! And during the remaining fifty-one weeks of the earth's orbit round the sun, we must be content to live on the memory of the bright scene ; for it is not pleasant for us to pass the "association" haunted spot at other times ; and Hibernian and Volunteer fetes do not console us for the ghosts of the departed "exhibits."-"Specialities," in the Queenslander. 