COLOR GHOSTS. Some years ago a book was published in this country—we cannot recall its exact title—the purpose of which was the pro duction of ghosts. On its pages were various representations of spectral shapes, printed in extremely brilliant colors on a white ground. Directions were given to fix the eyes intently on these for some moments, and then turn them suddenly to a white wall or screen, when the "ghost'' would appear in the form depicted in the book, but of an entirely different eolor. If the picture was red, the spectre on the wall would be green; if the former was yellow, the later would be blue; and so on. A similar illusion may be produced by any of our readers in a much ampler way. Cut a small disk out of white paper and lay it on a black surface. Look at it steadily for a quarter of a minute or so, and then di rect the eye to a white, or, better, to a grey surface, as a sheet of grey paper; and y ou will see a dark image of the "shape and size of the white disk. If a colored disk is used, the after-image, as it is called, will be colored, but the hue complementary to that of the disk 5 that is, if the one is green the other will be purple, if the one is yellow or orange the other will be a darker or lighter blue, etc. Complementary colors, as most of our readers probably know, are those which, if mixed, will produce white. If the surface is of the same color as the disk, the after-image will be faint and whitish; if it is of the color complementary to that of the disk, the image will appear of the same color intensified. Thus, if the disk is bluish green, and the gaze is turned from it to a red ground, we shall see a "ghost" of a deeper and more brilliant red. If we look upon a colored surface of any other than the complementary hue, the color of the after-image will blend with that of the surface. For instance, if the object is green and the surface blue, the image will be violet. These phenomena admit of a very simple explanation. When the retina of the eye has been exposed to a continued impression of one color, it is wearied and becomes less sensitive to that color. If now it is ex posed to the impression of white light, it j will respond more readily to the other] colors that make up white, that is, to those j which produce the complementary hue. Quite likely some of our readers who have occasion to use red ink, the latter will at first appear of a distinct green color. Some eyes are more-sensitive than others to these delusive impressions, but any person can see the complementary color if he has looked at the other long enough to tire the eye. Dr. Bezoid, in his *' Theory of Colors,7' among many curious things connected with this subject, illustrates the fact that, while if a black object be seen against a colored ground (as biack print on red paper), the black, when viewed intently, will show a slight tinge of the complementary color, the effect is greatly heightened by laying thin white tissue paper over the surface; showing that " an admixture of white light is favorable to the production of contrast." He also notes the singular fact that the various colors which may be given to the ground differ greatly in their capability of calling forth the contrasting colors. " Green, blue, and violet—in fact, all the so-called cold colors—will originate very vivid con trasting colons, while this is the case to a much lower degree with red, yellow, and yellowish green." The colored plates in Dr. Bezold's book illustrates this very vividly, but the reader can produce a similar effect, by putting a disk or figure cut out of black paper or cloth on a bright colored surface— red, yellow, green, blue, or purple—and spreading the white tissue paper over the whole. The variety of hues which the black assumes is very striking, and tends decidedly to shake one's faith in the popular proverb that "seeing is believing." We know that the black is black, but we cannot see it as black, however earnestly we may endeavor to reason ourselves out of the illu sion. -Boston Journal of Chemistry. Many of the white men in California will not sit at a hotel-table with a Chinaman, but -will follow him two miles in the .dark to borrow money of him. Lord Chancellor Campbell, a few days before his death, met a banister and re marked : " Why, Mr. , you are getting as fat as a porpoise." " Fit company, my Lord, for the great seal,' was the ready re parte. "Charles," said a young wife to her hus band, as they sat at the window watching the fashionables on their way to church, "when you die, and I get hold of the in surance money, I intend to hare a fur cape and muff just like that lady has on over there." What this country wants is a religion -which will make a man feel that it is just as cold for his wife to get up and build the fire as it is for himself. A servant girl hearing the lady of the bouse ask her husband to bring " Domby and Son" yith him when he came home to dinner, laid two extra plates for the supposed visitors. Said a man who keeps the ticket-office at a skating rink, as he received the twenty five cent admission fees: " These are the best kind of winter quarters." Said the little pet of the houehold, on her birthday: " It's a lovely doll! dear grandpa and grandma. But—but—I'd been hoping it would be twins!" A Globious Little Woman.—Some five years since, says the Houghton (Mick,) Mining Gazette, Harry Odgers, a miner from Truro, Cornwall, England, arrived in this locality. Before leaving home he loved a certain lass, the only daughter of an inn keeper, to whom he proposed marriage, but was rejected. Two years ago Harry, who was employed at the Delaware mine, met with an accident by which he lost his eye eight. The news of his terrible misfortune didn't reach the ears of his Truro sweetheart until quite recently. She thought of a man who once told her he loved her, and her woman's heart softened. She wrote to a friend in Keweena county, an-i in time got a history of his condition and the sad plight be was in on the distant shore of Lake Superior. The other evening a quiet little woman arrived on the stage from L'Anse, and before many hours she was at the house where the blind and maimed miner was stopping. She came to take Harry back to England, without any fuss'or noiee, and if he'll allow her, she intends to care for him as his wife the balance of his days. Mon day's stage took Harry and his sweetheart on the return to Cornwall. She doesn:t want to be married until she gets home. If there is one seat better than another in heaven, we know a little woman who will be entitled to it when she leaves this world. The spring style of vests will be en short and the trousers will be cut so high in the neck that our best young men will be able to button their collars directly on the waist bands. 