^PriendsMp's Ideal Shattered, The stately lady, th e t 'rave, calm man, Stood on the ten '«» \ together ; 'Mid the bright rose t bickets tbe revellers sti-ajwdsij 1'roin lawn to fountaii i tne children played, And liiddeu music swe et mclo.lies made, At the fete in tbe s urBmej- weather. With careless, languid «n irtcsy, She bent to hear him fi peak Of tbe newest book and ti.it ? latest play. Of tbe keenest move in the statesman s fray, Of the freshest topic of the- ? da*-, Or the marvel of the ive*. 'k. Lightly with his pi-actised ton},'«e He touched on all and eacli, With here a sneer and tlicre a ja ^t, Aud now a grave word as to at to t- - ' I give you the foam on the toj -— the rest -To passing hand can reach. '' Yet once— ah me, how long- ago .'— Each one believed in tbe other ; When every uttered word of liis Seemed as true to her as love's first kits. ? Will tbe ghost of friendship's !iearfc-fid* Wus Any more his sad faults cover! ' The measure of the mueic changed. On the summer breeze there stole A low, sweet, simple, homely air, -SucU as oue listens to everywhere : To the two who lounged ou the teiraa; thexc, It spoke as to lieart aud soul. A vivid flush on the false bronzed face, A tear iu the hazel eyes, Then back to the world and its talk agau.'. ,' Enlightenment closed the wound ; such pain, liepented, would make another insane. Iu the path where duty cries. Mr. Spill has just married a second wife. Ot\ tile-. day after the wedding, Mr. Spill remarked, 'Iintaitdl. \ Mrs. Spill, to enlarge my dairy.' 'You mean, our- ? dairy, my dear,' replied Mrs. Spill. ' No.' t|nj)tji : Mr. Spill, 'I intend to enlarge my dairy.' ''Siiyt-'ww . dairy,' Mr. Spill.' 'Xo, my daijy.' 'Say 'our dtu«y4' Kay ' our' ? ,' screamed s)ie, seizing the poker. ' 3J{y:- ! dairy ! my dairy !' yelled the luihlxuid. ' Our dttil^!: \ our dairy !' screamed tlie -wife, oiuphasising coch-winj ) with a blow ou the back of her cringing spouse. X*'. ' Spill retreated under the tobte. I-n'passiug benenUt i(j' ' his hat was knocked oft'. He remained ?taiUercovcrfftr ' several minutes, waiting for a Jullni tlio tstimti. At last liiiTwife saw him thrusting' his Iwadjont at tliu end of the table. ' What are you looking for,' exclaimed tlieljlady. ' I am looking for ' our' hat, my dear.' ? aaid he. _ .- ^J^ 