THE SYDNEY MORNING HERALD. MONDAY, APRIL 30, 1877. Ir i.* more easy, said IT is more easy, said Mr. FORSTER, to say what federation is not, than to say what it is, and having armed himself with that excuse, he declined to encounter the difficulties of definition, although such a definition would not have been altogether superfluous in a paper which undertook to prove that the thing deprecated was unnecessary, if not injurious. Other authorities have not shrunk from the task of practically defining the limits of federated power. In giving an analysis lately of the Imperial Bill federating the South African provinces, we furnished an outline of the matters reserved therein for the central Power. A similar schedule is given in the Act which established the Canadian Dominion, and another is to be found in the Act which united a portion of the West Indian Islands. In the article on federation which appeared in our columns on Tuesday last, the functions which these Imperial Acts impose on the central Power are summarised, and those that under such circumstances would devolve on local Governments are also specified. But while this division states the allotment of functions which, as a matter of fact, has been made, and which it would probably be found a matter of convenience always to make, it does not necessarily follow that this division is a matter of necessity. Federation will, of course, inevitably involve the surrender of poorer to some extent by the existing local Govern- ments. With the single exception, that we are under Imperial control, the colonial Governments are independent Powers. In everything but matters of Im- perial policy, they have practically sovereign authority. They can no longer have that when they are federated. Each colony will have to make a separation of its present functions, transfer the more important part to the central Legislature, and retain the less important part for its local Legislature. Strictly speaking, there will in this be no surrender of power. The colonies will not be one whit less self-governing than before. They will merely exercise in common certain functions that they now exercise separately. But they will not have less authority as a whole, nor be in any way more subject to Imperial control: On the contrary the area of self-government will, if Anything, be increased, j Still the present Parliaments will become disrated to provincial assemblies, and so far forth there will be at least the appearance of some surrender, and as the last thing that men give up is power, or even the shadow of power, there may be some difficulty from this source. It is as well, therefore, to bear in mind, that while, federation would conveniently imply the centralisation of the functions mentioned in the Imperial measures referred to, it does not necessarily involve them all, and if union could be brought about more easily by minimising those func- tions, it would be quite possible, for a time at least, to have a central authority which should leave more with tho provincial powers, and concentrate less in itself than has been the case in Canada, or than is proposed for South Africa. But there are some powers that it is abso- lutely necessary should belong exclusively to the central authority. One of these obviously is the determination of the tariff, supposing of course that the federal revenue is raised from Customs duties. There is no probability at present of its being raised in any other way, and we need not just now entertain the question as to what sort of direct taxes a central authority would have to levy if it had to do without a Customs revenue. Another matter that would of necessity belong to the central authority would be the regulation of the military and naval defence. Every part of the dominion would be under the government of the central power, and government without defence is a contradiction in terms. The first of all duties is the protection of life and property, and it is not possible to conceive of a Government which has not that for one of its functions. A third duty that would necessarily inhere in the federal authority, would be the regulation of all that relates to exterior policy-all nego- tiations with the mother-country, or, by its consent, with other Powers. In a federated community there is but one authority quoad the world outside, and therefore there is only one Power with which other Towers can treat. If it would facilitate federation to confine the central authority to the fewest possible functions, that is a course that it is open to us to follow. At the same time it is obvious that side by side with the absolutely necessary functions of a federal government there are several others which by common consent might be surrendered, because there is no local pride connected with their retention, and because there has never been any such difference of policy amongst us as to create any antagonism either of interest or of pre- dilections. "We may include under this head- ing such matters as the interior postal and telegraphic services, all that relates to light- houses and exterior navigation, quarantine, the laws regulating bankruptcy and insol- vency, weights and measures, patents, copyrights, and the naturalization of aliens. There would probably be no opposition whatever to handing over all these matters to tho central authority. There is already a fair approach to uniformity in con- nection with them, and there are no sub- stantial interests opposed to absolute uni- formity under one common authority. Mr. CASEY has lately stated that Victoria will never surrender its fiscal, its land, or its educational policy. Fiscal policy, as we have said, is one of the matters on which it is absolutely necessary to have unity. But so far as other matters are concerned, variety is quite tolerable. If we look round the world for precedents, we see that a good deal of local variety has been combined with unity. In the different States of the American Republic, education is a matter left to local legislation, and it is quite open to us to have the same variety in Aus- tralia. The land system in America is uni- form, but it was not absolutely necessary to have it so, and the different States have had the power to grant dotations of land to railway companies. In New Zealand, under its late Constitution, each of the provinces had a different land system, and enjoyed its own land revenue. How far it would bo possible to keep up our present jealous and contacting action in respect to exterior postal and tele- graphic services, is pehaps open to question. Still there is nothing in federa- tion to prevent a provincial Legislature from granting a subsidy to a mail company, and even the interior postal ser- vices might, if it were a point of honour, be still a matter of local regulation. One thing, how- ever, we may consider almost certain, that even if our localism should remain so strong that our first Australian federation should be jealously restricted to its minimum of func- tions, the course of time will widen the area of those functions. Any undue restriction would therefore be only temporary. The inevitable effect of federation would be to teach the public that the central authority was the best for all, that concerned all ; and therefore if in the first instance all were not conceded that was expedient, time would teach the lesson of expediency, and the reserved powers would be yielded up bit by bit under the growing pres- sure of public opinion, and of a public senti- ment which learned to feel pride in the effi- cient maintenance of the Australian sover- eignty. OF the many questions with which Parliament is required to deal, one of the urgent ones is the sanitary condition of Sydney and the suburbs. Within a radius of a few miles from the Houses of Parliament more than one- fourth of the entire population of the colony is located, and the tendency to centralization and overcrowding is daily increasing. Though man is said to be a gregarious animal, his health, cleanliness, and happiness require that he should have sufficient space, light, air, pure water, and immunity from those collections of "matter in the wrong place,'' whose offensive odours are a loud monition against their dangerous proper- ties. During the last week or two the long- wished-for rain has fallen most opportunely, for it has made the fields green, and the gardens luxuriant, without interfering with either the business or pleasure of visitors to the Exhibition. But, as usual, it has also brought into prominence the sanitary defects of the metropolis and its suburbs by giving most sensible evidence that the capital would be a far pleasanter and healthier place of abode if its streets were cleaner, its gutters freer from filth, its foreshores better kept, its reserves larger and more numerous, and its sewage carried off without poisoning the air and polluting tho Harbour. Our country cousins are, and have been, here in thousands, and they can judge for themselves whether there is not ample reason to justify the cry for sanitary reform, of which they have heard so much of late. The first requisite for health in a large city is an abundant and never- failing supply of pure water. That subject has already been sufficiently discussed, and nothing more can be done till Mr. CLARKE sends in his final report ; after which the colony should be as prompt in action as it has been slow in deliberation. Second to the question of water-supply, if not equally important, is that of sewerage, which has also been discussed ad nauseam, but with only trifling practical results so far. There, too, we are waiting for the final report of the Hydraulic Engineer ; but the public must take care that they do not tire of this subject before a suitable decision has been adopted; It seems to be assumed that the simplest and at first cheapest way of getting rid of the city refuse is to pour it into the sea. This we are doing to a large extent already, and the result is that Darling Harbour, the Cir. cular Quay, Woolloomooloo and Rushcutter. Bays, and a score of other inlets of Port Jackson are becoming intolerable to sight and smell, It is much easier for the sewage of a great city to pollute a harbour whose waters ebb and flow than a river far inland which sends its streams on to the sea and receives fresh supplies from the hills and springs perpetu- ally. Yet it has been found a dangerous and wasteful process in Europe to continue the pollution of the livers by pouring into them, the refuse of large towns. Science and economy both recommend the utilization of sewage by transforming it into vegetable products. The process has been tried on a large scale at Paris ; in one form or other it is being tried in other continental cities, and in England also sewage farms are becoming numerous, to the benefit of both the health and the pockets of the ratepayers. We have the benefit of the experience of other cities, and it is possible for us to begin at the point to which they have now arrived. The first thing to be determined is that every house within a certain metropolitan area shall be properly drained, and it should be incum- bent upon owners to connect with properly constructed public sewers, ramifying in all directions. If the sewage is to be poured into the sea, it should be at some point away from Port Jackson altogether, and where it cannot create a nuisance as great as that for which the system provides. Very likely in the present condition of agriculture in New South Wales, and even of horticulture near the metropolis, this will be the cheapest method at present; but it is necessary to reflect that the city will grow with time, and that manure will become valuable. It may be far cheaper in tho end to incur a first cost of double magnitude for the sake of adopting a system that will last for a century than to be parsimonious in the first outlay and prodigal of future results, Nature has wisely and beneficently ordained that the refuse of the animal kingdom should be the nutriment of the vegetable kingdom, just as she has ordained that the mature pro- ducts of vegetation should minister susten- ance to all animated nature. It is something like sacrilege to persist in violating so funda- mental a natural law. The sea will never give us a harvest for the rich manures poured into it ; and, on the other hand, the sandy soil of our metropolitan plains hungers and thirsts for the nourishment which the greedy ocean would consume unproductively for ages. In that thought alone human ingenuity ought to find a powerful stimulus, and invention should take nature for its monitor and try to conform to her beneficent and infallible processes. The time when and the way how to return city refuse to the soil is at present unknown, and, for the present, considerations of expense must dominate. But whatever scheme may be finally approved, it is quite time that some scheme' were speedily carried out. On the outskirts of the city, and in many spots within it, new buildings are rising with little regard to sanitary and still less aesthetic considerations. Take, as an instance, and possibly far from the worst, the plot of land which by a private Act of Parliament has just come into the market, and which is known as the Padding- ton Common, part of the Underwood Estate. Houses by the score are being built and projec- ted there, with the crowded municipalities of Paddington and Woollahra on two sides, Darlinghurst on another, and the Harbour in front. Not a street has been mads ; not a lamp-post erected, not a gutter or pathway formed, not a sewer or drain dreamt of. The only scavengers ate dogs, fowls, and goats. Kitchen refuse, offal, and whatever else is most offensive must be got rid of or left on the ground, just as the individual tastes of the inhabitants may prefer, and it needs nothing more than simple inspection to learn what the prevailing taste is. Ought it to be tolerated that just when public opinion has been roused to protest against the bad drainage, and the private stores of pestiferous matter which have so long been endured in the city, the new suburbs should be permitted to copy so bad a precedent, and spread and intensify this source of danger to the public health. It is not due to evil in- tent on tho part of either the residents or the municipal authorities, not to the absence of a desire for good sani- tary conditions. It is simply the result of ignorance and tho want of efficient munici- pal management and control. Under good municipal action all the necessary sanitary conditions of civic life should be guaranteed. When people agree to live together in these collections of habitations which we call towns and cities, they cannot be permitted to settle down like a herd of cattle or a flock of sheep. Each family must be taught to respect public decency and the public health. Every man is free to do what he likes so far as his fellows are concerned, if he does not injure them. The last named immunity is no part of the rights of man, and it is perfectly legitimate for society to protect itself against this danger by making some of the most essential laws of health also statutes of the realm. THE money received into the Treasury of New South Wales during the three months ended 31st March, 1877, including the balance brought forward, was £5,359,355 ; the pay- ments amounted to £1,392,858 ; leaving a balance of £3,966,497. Of this large balance the sum of £3,394,511 was distributed amongst tho Sydney hanks; the remainder, rather more than half a million, being retained in the Treasury chest, chiefly in debentures and other interest-bearing secu- rities. The balance at credit of the Consolidated Revenue Fund was upwards of two-and- a-half millions, which, on the recovery of amounts advanced to Loan Funds, would be increased to £3,333,000. Subjoined is a concise statement of the quarters general account current, compared with that of the corresponding period :— March 31, Same period RECEIPTS. 1877. last year. Balance on 1st January...... £3,000,000 £2,555,417 Revenue Fund.............. 1,431,760 1,025,625 Other receipts. .............. 418,529 548,998 Total, including balance.... £5,359,355 £4,180,040 PAIMKNTS Out of Revenue Fund - """_ , ". General PuMic Sen ice .. £777,020 £037,184 Interest of debt .. . 38,97» «,¿00 Ä°Ü .-. ¿a ÄÄ Total . £808,733 £95.;,lß<> Other pnv incuts - ,,,,.. Loanluntls . '99 3;>0 «6,^ »S Trust Tunds UI.KO oOl.bO. Total payments .£1,392,808 ii 411. »Ï1 Balance on March Jlst 5,%0 1<>7 2 ,li\G, £j,3A3u £1,130,040 The orecht balance is now nearly four mil- lions, exceeding the balance of tho previous Marca bv upv> ards of a million and a quarter The Consolidated Revenue Account stands thus - Balance m favour ot Revenue Fund on Dtietnbei 11, 1870 £191) SÛ7 The Revenue Receipts of the past quarter . ^iGO ^ ^ The Revenue Pavments of the quarter . sof 7 li Balance tit credit of Consolidated Revenue on Alan h 31, 1S"7 £2/108,834 lins largo revenue balance, as betöre ob eerved, will bo still larger when its assets are realised, bj which it will be raised to £3,3^,000 The progress of the public income through- out the last four quarters has been as lol lows - " RE^EHTS or IÍFvr\tr Pnoi nt 1S7 j 0 1370 " Increase June . . £1028 12. £121S2H2 ¿ O') <» .7 September 1000 9s 1 210 2ol 211.2S1 Decerabt. 1^0 11 1 > >S,4 _March 102i 02 J 14 11700 lOolli At MT iCMiTlo £itfl7>7 £110S,1>1 Tho net incienso on the past quarte« is upwauls of £ 100,000, the net incronso on the twelvo months upwards of £1,100,000, the latter moro than twentv five, tho other nearly tottj, per cent It will bo noticed that the mcroa-e has itself been increasing - the q arters increases being respectivelv (using lound numboi«,), £210 000, then £211,000, then £27S,0< 0, and at last £ 100,000, Tho principal heads of ro>enuo were as follow - Jim-' ls.o IS t ls"o lH7t Customs £2l2 79i Ubi** £-M JI I i-ÎSdlS l-vi«o 117 Ul» . 010 VW 1H 01» Po t Oil e ¿2 MO 30 Os i î "S i _ > »s7 lelegriphs 11 1U lo Mt, 10 111 U 'si liulwivs ltvtO"! U 2 ) 228 010 1 > 0,7 Cm vu lamia 041 M. ) o^i) >> ) gillio Ml 913 Cold lois ' "01 2 74s - 1-7 JlioAlint i '2 »7')» IOS Miscellaneous ? l'-2) IS ..7 1700S 21770 Total ¿1 238 2S2 £1 M > 20» i.1 ?>8 190 £1 4 (1 7G0 Hine Vit, He, Aliroh, is" 1S7J 1S7 1S7G CVtotns £2H0)l £2.. f'H, SLlfl S 0 £220 US Kci-e Hi J*" 4 J OU 1 ) 170 J'914 Post Off ico 2>i>¿ 2S0" M 3,7 10 IfO Itlffrnpln 1102- l-'W, 11 1'S HO)) Raihravs 1110 0 130 1 , 107 J0- 111170 2ro'm lands 400 0'S 490 274 Otv S1).. 540 101 Gold 1 )2) 4 4D 4 470 3 1 8 ]h»AIvnt 3 .< ) 1110 4 110 1 139 Uisceharous 11 etsl 17 301 31 bbil 10,821 T.hl £1 028 3>i £1 000 08, £1 2S0 113 £1 02)G2o 'Ihe total receipts under- theso heads for the whole of the respective years aro shown below. Year ended "V car ended AIuith3l, 1870 Much 31, 1877 Custoim . £979,lil ¿1,030,302 Lxcise . 2oO,62.K 312 812 PostOihee 117,872 12i,920 telegraphs ol,69o 62 011 Kulvvavs 6;ó,130 680,97o Crown lands . 2,18u,l">> . 3,070,726 bold 16,890 . . 10.S07 Ihe Mint 11.12S 9,76> Mistülaneouj* S8.391 . . 100,691 Total £1,335,340 . . £o,-U3,797 Ihe increa-es and decreases of the quarter and the year under the several heads were as follow - The Quartei The Year Customs *'Incraiie £1^,490 Increase ¿il,2ll Kuse 7u,7SO , Sß 110 Po-tÜfhce Decrease S81 " 8.01S TelegTap'13 Intreue 3 226 ,, 10 918 Railvvivs " 11,,87 ,, 61337 Crown linds 297,727 ,, 881 271 bold Decied-o 1 001 Decrease ),093 TheAIint ,, 731 " 4,303 Miscellaneous Ineren e 1,91 J Inciease 12,301 Net Ireroa c £100 13i Increase £l,10S,-»ol The quarter exhibits an increase in every .tem eicept a slight decrease in postage and the now familiar faot of decrease in the gold and Ahnt revenues In the year these two h^als are the onlv instances of decrea'O The Customs have increases of £18,400 and foi,211 for quartei and "vear respectivelv. Excise, compn-ing sugar and distillation licenses, commission on money &c; . ordeis, shows advances of £70 780 and £80,110 The electric telegraph and railwavs show for the year the goodly increase ot nearly £11 DOO and £04,SOO Crown lands are still bringing immense additions to pieceding penods, the increases approaching £300,000 upon the quarter, and upwards of £384,000 upon the year The proportions in which the land re\ enuo exceeds the united amounts of all other sources of tho public income appear thus - Ihe Quarter 1 he \car lind revenue £2,lS>,4o> .. £3 070 720 AU others . 2,119,891 .. 2,371,071 Totals . £l,33o,31o .. £5,113,797 Of the quarter's income tli9 land gave 50 i peí cent, the yeai s 5G 4 per cent *. Including stamps now mt insignificant item I-.LNFSS or THE Pr-FMiFK - A\ o resret to leiin that the indi position norn which tho Honorable Ilenrv Parkes has been sufîenng some vveeU past has culminated in com Meto nervous pro tration, necessitating continûment to his ?oom Tho illness ot the Premier was aggravated In the iatiguo of the long îoumev te dango on the occasion ot tho opening of tho railw ij to that town and, although ho h is n-gulnrlj attended at his ottlco, and m his placo in Parlia- ment since then, it has been obvious that ho his onlv dono p |uth great personal mconv enienco to himsclt Mr -rorkes his, been quite unablo to use from hisbedsmco Uav ««ning and his medical adviser, considering thit MI attack of tastiio fever K ivaramcni> i^ enjoined perfect ine "ITÎ?WI,?S ~ v telegram was received on «"ntur tmxl T,oUiCeof the Chief Sccietarv. to the effect that Canml t oen?nl for tho colon^ »' London dcspitched tho Tnn'lor S-dncj, with another batch of 110 immigrants hemT" }\\*w\i\ - ihe follow HIR cases have htd^?,1"!1 l0" t»»tT«rt -rdvvardDowler, 20, who crnsl. ?,Lncd m-?un t0 h» "* íhotnis Hamilton, 11, M lim , T !tr J""""* NlLhol'î' ' dislocation of radiu», face Pi, lVnffc?nf' ,"''. wh0 Ilatl received cuts on tho Miîlor of T?f oShlnok 27> bro"i-Qt b> semor-constnblo rec«««1.», I \on' SUUCTlnf- from severo scalpwounds, sou AÏÏ *"?"!? ,cwnmi,trd oa bun Thm, as Piter ïïtoAînadnï,tfl lnto tho nccdent waldon the 17th ii ^eut-stieet, died on Saturduv morning Ibo mVi?!,?1,0^ ,s 'V11^ or ScAnrm-During B«w or Äf (say3lho l'^c"">") the search of mtSara-nüOrf ^.^P»«», **keen sog.cat owners VT?ro^dof Mkm and Binalong that cattlo «ChSiSni\Dlr ,wit Icnds to Provide sustenance foi '<«o?S>-' Roconr^o has been made to the foundZÄi 0f 4t}° f°rc3toak, which has been \- nwtter ÄÄ'^ a fa,r "»»«titnto for grass A« «rtatu station LCtt'° thme on suctt iood. and upon a ?dim- ö£ dÄ" mtnc a~«npl«yod continuously m *nd tie frost,IT'" ?f tlmter s^à it not hold out, ¡bvpRrvr COURT -Business this daA -Tun Court Nunn v. tho Major of Sydney and others,, "Wilton nnd another A Buhner, Tebbutt and another x Cox lo and others Banco Court Casxvell x Loxc, Hebden and another x Troy Muster's Office at Hain A,\ ard and others x Smith and others, adjourned plaintiils' oxidencc DISTRICT COURT -Monday, "îOth April -Preddv and another x Hall, Rogalsk) v Buhler, Oibbs and another v /eplin PNTKI TXINXIENT TO THTJ "DOAS or Tiir Vrnvos - Vn entertainment of xentriloquism and parlour magic xxnfl gixin to the boxs of tho A, ernon on Fndax evenm,*- by Me srs x rnson lees and N Cohen iho lids thoronghlv enjovi-d the trent which Umso two gentlemen at expense and tioublo caine some distanco to piense them xxitli PRINCE ATFRED YACHT CLUR-On SatnnlaA after- noon this club held tim closing cntiso of their squadron for the seaton 1 ho y achts taking part m it xvero as follow s -Daphne, Vice-Conimodoro A\ ant, Violet F J Jackson Pleiad's, I 1 and \\\ Knox Iris, f Kinl ich Lxa L A A, otscv lone, A G Milson Orpheus W Omit lim xxfather xv»s rather unpropitiotm At I o'clock, tho yachts being m position olf tim Circular Qua), reeeixcd tho signal and started oft xxith a strong hontli-oastorlx -quail Tho rende-*votis at Chowder Bax xxas soon reiclmd, tho yachts anchiied, and tho crews landed, togilliir xxith a fexv membeis of the club xxho accom- panied tim boats in tho stennet Matilda A capital luncheon xvas laid out by Afrssrs Cripps and Stanley in tho paxiliou to which ampio justieo xxas done by the party, iiiiiiiberinir ahmt tlurtx-lixe altogether Tho "\ ico-Com mndoro (Air J Want) xxas in the chair, and pioposed the HW ii loxal totsts, espennllx commenting on tho grilifxini' cncumstftiico tint tho Duko of 1 mnburgh xxas tfm patron of the club The chanman then pioposctl ' Success an 1 Prospenty to the Prince. Alfred Yacht Club " it li irdlx needed xvt rd-t of his to Biibimt tho toast to tho compaiix ihex had seen the club glow up from its earliest infancy, from a few stniill boats until the present time when it pos-u ssed tho largest fleet of bo its of un> x icht club in tim colon) Ajid ho tliought he might sax that theroxvoio more members in thö Primo Alfred 'iacht Club than m mi} xacht club in anx of tho Australian colonies Ihej knr xx that from the lirst they had difficulties to contend xx lth 1 hex had dtflicttlties m getting (lags, then in getting their warrant to tlv them and afterwards in getting mcmbcis to tom a second club xvhero then was senior club in existence Ihev had also laboured under the difficult) of gcttmgpeoplo to behexe that tho> xxero not starting in rixalrx to the senior club I hov had boat* of x cry small tonnagG and he might sax the) li id taken the most insignificant boats into tho club, and ho did not think an) one could sax that the) had como into mair) xxith tim IÎO)al b)dne)s But he thought he could sar this that thox xvore not an msigiu titiint club, and that thox did all thov could to help the other club as thox alx**ax s would do, m a tru*> yachting spirit ( Ipplause ) Tiicx could noxx safely sax that tho club was 1 itmrh d into a tarcerot prospentx 1 heir coffers xvero oxerllowing xxitli mone) their members had not onl) incrciscd in number*" but also in yachting spirit Vntl thfx found next* boits putting in an appoaranco that for merlx did not join them Iho toast xvas reccixed xvith enthusiasm, and Mr Kinloch was called upon to respond He saul that bo felt pioud of the honour thex had done linn He xitlded to noone in the dosiro for tho success of the club, and considered that in promoting xarhtmg ho xxna ene uraginç a recreation that dtx eloped some of the best qualities of our )oung men He joined tim Pnnco Mtied Club m prefcrenco to the Box als becauao ho regarded it as a kind ot nur->or) Ho did not knoxv, hoxxexer, thai, thev xvero quitt kctpiug the charui ter of a nurser) club, «eemg that they ha I a ten ton boat earn ing sixteen t ns t f ball ist, and that one of then members hid a boat xvhich, in his xioxx, had beaten tho Alagic Mr Jai kson ateo responded f her*- xx as one good feature about tin» club, and that xxas that excrx owner «ailed his OXXTI boit Itxxasonlx in this xvax that expermrco could bo g uued and theief if he hoped it xvould long be the rule that owners xxould ocutinuc ti sail their oxxm boats lim churman then in complinientarx tenus, presented pri- es xron by Mr Jackson and Mi I L Ydams in hto matches of tin club Ali Jaiksonand Air I A 'S cosex (tor Mi \\.dmis) acknoxxlodged tho gifts in suitable tutu« ' Um I idies," and ' Ihe '\ ice-Commolore " xvero tim closing toasts and ¡n Acknowledging tho litftr Air T A\ ant announced his intention to make a giff of tlurtx guineas t > the club to bo competed for as pmes The compaiix then broke up and shortlx afterxxards xxero »afcl) on boi-d their ) achts on their way to Sx dnex FATAL BOAT ACCIDENT.—On Saturday afternoon another of those boat accidents for which our harbour is becoming too notorious occurred off the Quarantine station, and resulted in the death of a young man named Robert Blake, clerk in Messrs. Price, Ogg and Co' s office. The 24-feet boats Lottie and Halcyon, engaged in a race, were passing the Quarantine station, carrying squaresails, when the latter caught on the comb of a sea, lurched heavily, filled, and went down. The accident was seen by a fishing party on board the steamer Swansea, then anchored inshore, and they went with all speed to the rescue of the nine men belonging to the boat. The yacht Pert was close to the spot, and succeeded in picking up six, when the Swansea arrived, just as Mr Blake was seen to disappear within reach of a line he was powerless to catch. On coming to the surface again his clothes were caught with a boat-hook, and he was kept afloat while one of the steamer party went down and passed a line round him, and he was hauled on board, as were also his companions. Everything that could be done to restore animation was then resorted to, and as the Manly Beach boat was seen coming, the Swansea ran alongside hoping to find a medical man amongst the passengers. Unfortunately there was none, and the steamer then made for Manly, hoping to be more successful there. Mr. Barnett, of the Pier Hotel, having seen the accident from the shore, had a room ready when the body was carried there, and efforts to restore animation were renewed unsuccessfully. Dr. Saxe hurried to the hotel when he heard that his services were required, but, after a short interval, pronounced life to be extinct. Mr. W. Cape remained at Manly with the body of his dead friend, and another of the crew pro- ceeded to Hunter's Hill to break the melancholy news to Mrs. Blake. Strange to say that almost simultaneously with the sinking of the Halcyon, the Lottie, then leading about 300 yards, when trying to return to save the crew, Also filled and capsized of Little Manly point. She had, however, sufficient buoyancy to support her men until the Mystery steamer, from the pier, rescued them; and then after aiding in righting the boat, towed her to Manly. Xrx\ CiiLRcit or ENCIAND CutRcir ATGI «.DrsxitiE -IastSiturdav afternoon, the Dean of Sxdnex acting as A mai -¿-encrai anil Conumssarx of tho dioeeso of Sxdnex n th absence ot tho Bishop from the colonx, laid tho founda- tion stone of a nexv Church ot England at Gladesx die, to be known as Christ Church rho filends from Sxdney were convexed to Glalesxillo and brought back again to town in the steim xacht belonging to Mr C T Jeanneiet, xx li i had gix en the uso of it for the occasion Mthough tho xveatlmi xxas fur from faxourablo thero was a very fair gatheung ot peoplo to xvitness tho ceremonx In tim sei x ice*, proper 11 tho ocasión, the Bean of Sxdnex xx is a sisfed bx tho Rex Julnn li ROWM.11, of -Vii Stints', Hunter s Hill, xvith Gladesx die, and chaplain to tim Itospit ii for tho insano at tho last-named place Under tho stono xx is placed a «cioll nirrtiting tho ciaumsfances t ( n nected xxith the ex ont together xxitli copies of tho Si/dneu Jfv n n i Jlei aid and A list) alii n Oh un h nan 1 he scroll g ixe the names of the following gontlemen i s mombo a of th« Church Coinnntteo -Me rs V Al Betts, John Tolkard A\ ilium Cowell, Walter Campbell, James rra7Ct, lv J Pearoon, M llhnm Coultci, and Ko\ J li Roxv oil (chairman) In tho course of his address, the Dean of Sx dney said-" Tho xvork in xvhi h xve bax o been engaged ma) be ic garded as one of much intere ttotheicsidentslnthislocalitx, inasmuch as it is intended to supply the want xvhich has been foi some timo felt bx thom, and which, wo behexe, xxiii be conducive to their spiritual xxelfare At present there is no building set apart for the xvoiship of Almighty God in xvhich prax er and praise max bo olfeiedto Him, and His Holy Word preached according to tim principles and prac- tice of our Reformed Church of Tiiglind Tim absence, hitheit*, of such a building is a serious mconxenmnco Without such a building, dedicated and set apart, xvithtn a reasonable distance of their home', some aro unable to attend the church xvhich is the nest noaiest to them sonio are detened bx th» xxant of suitablo acco nmodation m a temponvrx building xvhilo others aro wholly indisposed to do so Bx tho erection of this building for a houso of God, all these difficulties may bo mot and rcmoxed Here, the aged the inflnii, and the xoung max meet wilh tim robu t and health) Hoio all max find accommodation suited to their need and hero tho blessed Gospel xxiii bo preached, and praiso and prax t r offered to tho ono Lix ing and lum God-1 iither Son, and Holy Ghost But tho erection of a church in this placo mav be regarded in another point of view A church in a town or xillago is a stmding xvitness for God to tho peoplo It proclaims tnat thoio is a God whom men xxorahip and a Christian church such as this is tobo, proclaims that thero is aSmour for sinners, as well as a G d against whom thex haxo sinned bx whom thex may bo reconciled unto them " Tho conti lbutions laid on tho stono at thocloso of tim Comnnssarx's address amounted to between £j0 and £00, xx hilo assist mee balbeen rendered b) tho Crunch Society Vmong tim s ibscnbers xvere-tho Bishop of Sxdney £10, handed m beforo ho left tho colonx and Mrs Darxall£io lim nexv church xxhich it is expected xvill bo finished in about six montlis faces tho Great Northern Road It is being elected bx Mr Peter Hall, builder, from tho designs of Mr Mansfield Tho dimensions intimallx xvill bo 13x24 feet Tho stxlo is Gothic and tho material cut freestone Tho onrruico xxiii bo bx a poieh over xxhich thero xiill bo a qnnrre-foiled xxindow, xvhilo tho end wall xvill bo pierced bx a trefdiated light Tho bodx of tho church will be lit up by tnreo gotlno xvmdows on each side lim building xvhuh is beautifullx situated oxerlookmg Pennant Hills, Burwood, North Shoe -sxduox, and Balmain, &¡, promised to bo an o-nament tothoprcttx subuib m *»hiflu it is being elected T/RotRLrsoxtr Bucks i\ NORTHERN QIEFNST u,n -Wo {lowntnlle Aiqus) leam that tho blacks aro espe ciallx bad on tho Low« Herbert, so much so, in foef, as t causo most of tho settlers to continuallx moxo about xx ith loaded firearms, which they also retain in closo proximity during the night At Waterview station tho blacks haxo beon killing cattlo ?n great numbers, as many as four camihOs haxmg been found on n singlo camp, xvhdst Mr Miller, a settler, residing onlx so*rn miles from tho natixe Eohco barracks, bids fair, if things ore allowod to go on as as been tho case lately, to bo entirely ruined by the dusky cannibals, and that, too A erv* speedilx. Ex cn sw eet potato has been abstracted from his garden, as likewise ov^er ono hundred tünche» of bananas, whilst his corn crop ia rapidh (JnninisliinF TKF "WÍATHFR -The peoplo of Svdn"} during the last two davshaxe put on an outward appearance widely diilorent to that pi canted b) timm ii for mDht ago Dunng the fust txvo weeks the Lxhibition was open, summer costumes prex ailed almost unixcrsally, but on Saturday last hoax y " xvrap rascals" and warm clonks xxero generally conspicuous in the streets An unusual chango in tim atmosphere of course accounts for this Autumn has become chilled most suddenlx after giving encouraging intimations that summer xveather xvould be blended into it to the very hist On Saturday exening, about o o'clock, tho xveather changed, although it had been exceeding!) cold a da) or two before, and rain, in slight showers at first began to fill. Thcsocontinued at interxals until past9o'f!o-k, when tho roads had got disagreeabl) muddx, and intoifding shoppers xvero drixen homo for shelter The loungers at tim corners of sticct9dul not in dnlgo in their accustomed inelegant posi 9, and altogether the thoroughfares had rather 11 desolate look Ihexvind set in cuttingly trom W > W , x an ing occasionallx a couple of points 11 fhe south and brought xx ith it a medium rum that fell lncesssiitlx all day xcsterday and all Saturday night Up to tht hum of our going to press there were no signs of a chango, and although it cannot bo positivclx asserted that winter hisset in a xen strong forecast of xxhat xveithcr may bo expected as it approaches has been gn on Cxir TO Titr Rrx Du OncirnisT-Tho Ane of Wednesday lust says -V meeting of tho Presbytcn of Melbourne- was held xestorday 111 tho Assembly Hall, Collins- stieef tim Rex J Beattie, modoratri; pio tem , m the chair A call ft oin the congregation 1 f Cmon Church, Hotham, addressed to the Rex Dr Gilchrist, of tho Stots Chinch, Sxdney, and signed hx J ii members and adherents, xxas lud on the table lim R" T C1 irk, xx ho presided at the moderation, stated that the congregation bid agreed to guarantee to Dr Gilchn t a stipend of £ 1OO per annum, xx ith the manse lim < ill xvas sustained, and tho Rex T Ballantyne elerl, xxas mstrtn ted to forward it, xvith tim neccssarx documents, to the Prcsbxtciy of Sxdnrx, that it might bo dealt xx ith according to tim forms of the Chun li lim Rex J Clark xxas appointed commissioner on behalf of the congregation and tho piesbjteij to prose< ute the call before the Presbx tcrx of Sy jnex RFAXARP FOR TUF DESTRICTIOV or SHIRT, s-The Arqusoi IhuisJa) sax» - 'Iho rexvards paid bx tim Go xcrnment for the capture of sharks in tho xvaters of the ha) now amount in tho aggngnto to the sum of £G2 11s Gd Tim number of sharks brought to tim x uiouspolite stations since tho offer of a reward xvas published amounts to RIO Of these 73 > were caught at Sandtidgc, 0 at I ootsrrax, IG at "N illiamsfown, 2G at Mornington, and 70 at Brighton Tim latter place m ix also bo criditul xvith six mo-e, xxhich haxo not boen ofhciullx returned One of the sharks xvar a monster, measuring about 10 feet in bngth, and xxei^hing about 11 ton but the mujoiit) xxere oxer 2 feet and under r) feet in length lim sum expended in tim destruction of such a large number rf theo dangerous xisitiint« to our shores has been xxtll spent, and it is to be hoped that those engaged m the pursuit of shaik-fishmg will find it suffi- cient!) lucratixc to encotingo them to persexore LoxrFRs "TOOTVINO" FOR "\\\ ORT,-The Gumlnnnt Timei states that there are at present an unusmUx laige number of men traxrlling about the countrx ostensiblx lool ing for emploxmtnt, bit xxho are reallx too Wx to work and xvho depend for their support chic fix upon the chantx of the settlers I ho burden < f then song is ever the same " M 0 aro able toxxork, xxe aro willing to xxork, but xxe haxo got no xvork to do ' \ et when employment, requmng ex en slight labour, is offered tin m, they commence - to make excuses and exentuallx decline it TXTAT ACCIDFNT ON TUP VtlRXT RlIIAXxA I ÎNF \- V telegrim to tho Arqm stales that the Ararat an 1 Hamilton line has commenced its busine s opening with a fatal accident Mr Alexander Smellie one of the inspectors of xxorks lmxing been killed xesfcrdax morning bx the first goods traffic up-tmin on the lin-" At tim inquest held bx Mr Graham A\ cbsmr, it xas elinted tint the unfortunate gentleman xva-x struck bx the bnfer of the emmie drawing the trurks at about 10 o clotk xe tcrdix morning Ihe tram had just crossed tho main Ballant and Ararat road and was passim; through Ower-md's ) arti xvhen deceased sopped on to the rail just in front, xvis srni k on the bodx, and had his left leg nearlx sex «ed at the ankle The trim xvas trvxelling at from eight t 1 txx Ixe miles an honr at tho time A loud xx histle had been gix en txventy chains before, and again just beforo entering the yard The deceased xxas slightly imaf Death was instanta- neous, the skull being fractured by tho forco with which it xx is struck by tho sleeper ends or some other hard substance in Iront Deceased xx as not seen bx the engine dnxcr until the tram xvas upon bim, ns the xardis full ot piles of wood and materials obstmcting tho XHW Vtter a prolonged and careful mquin. the Coroner left the case to the jurx, remarking that it xvas cxident from this xen accident itself that tho rate of ei"ht or ten miles an hour xx as not a safo one throjp.li this crow ti x1 xail and that he hoped for tho future ciirine-dnxers xiould be in- structed from headquarters to «1 m) cn spo xxere noxx doing V verdict xxus re miel of accident ii dcafh cxoneritmg all per 0119 fioin li It 1 t nought thatdecea»cd, who xvas xxaiting until tim lum xxas ele r to dow 1 bx a contractors' engine mistook ti e xxhist'e of tho tritim engine lor a signal from tm conti ictors eng m towards xxhich he xxas moving ripidlx xxhrn stntCK 1) ceasetl waa fifty-four xears of agí,nuda married man with a fimilx li had boen iinnx xcirs m I'm Government sen ice, and wa» known as an diluent and tiusfy oflicei IIoxx x MAN AX \S CcRrn or SXVIPTOXIS OF INSANITA - On Sundax afternoon list (six-, tim Gin^nqii Ti ti ) an nidixulual named John Connell, aged appmntlx bc*wc"a 30 and lOxcars xveit to tin Gnniligu pohco station a» J requested constable Johnson to take him inti citstodx *. prttction lo this course the cinsfihlo first demurrc1, md put some quest ons to the appin int for free quarttrs m herAIajcstx s garl xxhich elicit«! the fiCs tint he had come frim II ix and was rraxelhng towards Sxdnex thr-t he con tinuallx fmarl noises as of xxhistlcs ai i trui ipets pursuing him, and that the sound» *old lum that h-1 xvould nexcr isruu obtun emnloxinent 1*1 the colonies Haxing iii t a shadow of a doubt as to tim man's vinitx con ¡able Tohnscm gaxo him tho benefit of it and loi kee' lum up for tim night lim next morning he xvas broiuht up at the police com t betöre Mr Ioxc, PM, for protection In replx to the Bench ho repeated the t-torx he had told the const ible the dax before, and expressed his dosir fo be sent to the metro- polis On seigexnt Carroll assuring him that, nctwith standing xxhat the noises had told him, he (the strgeant) xxould undert ike to ^.pt him a billet as a stone-breaker, Connell appeared to rocox cr his sinitx and saul he had no wish to remain in gaol, and intimated his intention to make his wax doxni to Sxdnex xx ithout tim aid of tho Bench Ile was then discharged, exidentlx ratherdejected at the failure ot his little game SCFNF IN A GnurAxrn-The Adelong cemetery was the locahtx of 1 very unpleasant scene at the funeral of a Airs Ihomas Itappcui from tim statement of tho Gundagai Turns that this cometen has recentlx been en- larged, and a portion set apart as 1 general but ni ground until separate portions can be allotted to each denomination AMmn tho remains were being taken from Air Thomas's resideneo some xx lumn, friends of tim deceived, requested ho undeilalei, Mi P Phillips to take the coffin back again stating that as the deceased xx as a Roman Catholic, she should not bo interred in tho gruo that had been pre- pared, but m th it portnn ot the cometen rccupied by the Catholics "VA; nh gre it forbeannce on the pirt ot Air Phillips the bodx was again taken to the cemetery, xx ht 11 tho xx omen again displaxetl angrx feelings and declared tint the body should not be placed in the gr-ixo This tin secmlx conduct continued for a long time, xxhen fheundei takerandtho sexton threatened to le ixe the gi ound Air Henrx Coughlan who had undoi taken to read tho sen it e permitted the bun ii to take plac" under protest Alter the sen ice xxas concluded, Air Coughlan said, "I bun this bodx under protest," and added that the bishop should be written to xvith a xmw to the btdx being lemoved AMXIXT POISOMNC.-Abad ease of animal poison- ing has come under tim obseixation of the Xamoi lnd i d'lit A man, named Peter Kin,, from the neighbourhood of Breeza, in skinning a sheep must haxo been inocul iteel bv this dreadful poia-n Tho arm presented a feat ful spectacle swollen and discoloured to the arm-pit Di Catir made threo or four fre" incisions tho xvholo length of the limb liberating ft largo qitantitx of pus, xxhich iraxo tho sufferer temperan ithef A passage xv is procmed for tho patient to Mun mundi, and m admission to the hospital thero CXTTIF KiiLFTi RA x Tp UN -Bctxx eon 1 and 2 o'clock on Thuisd ix afternoon last (tim Southern Aijw< state ) as the ' pick np" train ftom Mittagong xxas on its xxax to Goulburn, and when near Boxer's Creek, somo eatrlo xvhich xxere being taken to watei b\ some childi en, got on tho line, and before the engine could be stopped the train d ished through the 11, injuring tw o coxvs and a bull so sex croix, that thex xvill bax 0 to bo killed No blame xx hat ox ei is attached to the timer, foi in fact tho cattle ought not to bax e boon crpssmg tho line at the time PROPOSFD PX.STOUVL Occi FUTON or KINO S IST XND -roi the last txvelxe xears (tim Ainus states) some Xl't 000 acres of landon King s Island haxe been held under lease bx a numbei of English capitalists Recentlx some experienced "\ ictomns haxe secured from the original holders a lease of tho countix foi the next fourteen xcars as a grazing station 1 rom ícnorts made upon tho island somc years back, if was calculated fh«t tho countrx then seen, xvithout luipi ox onjonts, would carn at least 70,000 sheep, and that an aiei nearlx as extensivo could bo made axailable by tho free use of the fiie-t,tick A few gentlemen nitoiested in the island will make a visit ot inspection immediately attei the elections Tin Cruets - Vxeiy cold xxintl-uul the threaten- ing of inst intaiieous run on Saturday max possibly huyo bein the causo of there not being a xerv laigo number of spectators at Alessrs Cooper and Bailey's xvild beast and cu cus matinee exhibition 1 he scenes m tho arena incliidiii" clevei jciobatio performances and dashing cquestimnisiiu xvero of tho usual good character, and freely applauded, while tho zoological tent was an interesting resort at then conclusion It xvill be seen by on advertisement, xxhich ap- peals in page I, that this is (ho last; xveek of tho encus in ¡sydney, and that a chango of programmo will bo made to-day BvrnrrTDr,us PANTXSCO,FF -Notwithstanding the unfaxourable stato of tho xx Cither on Saturday last theio xxas a xeiy fair attendance at the afternoqn exhibition of tho panorama af American scenery via tho Picißc mihi ax A considerable number of children xxero present, and testified then delight at the xxell-pamted pictures xxith frequent and ven hearty applause Iho twin aut mistic acrobats aro an amusing adjunct to tho entertainment, and, with tho ícpre sentation of tho nox ni combat betxreen tho Alabama and Keaii-orge, sene to wake it of an inteiesting charactei. 