To thc "Red Barcoo." By The "fountain of knowledge"' is fed,by in- numerable streams, the course traversed by each' being unknown to the others. Every stream bears its gathered treasuro to the brinks, and throws it into a common fount from which all may dip. My stream shall head from the "Red Barcoo." Some one may require a tropical draught; I offer it to him. It is of little interest why I received tho "route." When it came, I pondered as to the advisability of interviewing tho sun in its own especial province. It was n change; that settled it. I cried, "Westward Ho" and prepared. Preparation in this very sunny land means, leaving all your clothes, or nearly so, behind, and starting with n steamer tickot and half a blanket. I cannot quito pass over, my short steamer trip to Rockhampton, for I might say something original, though the odds are much against it. lu the face of a younger generation growing up, which possibly has not read of many steam voyages, I shall write for them, and ignore tho veteran who has boon sick on overy sea and in every language. I was fortunate in being a fellow-pnssengor with the Bar?or a portion of it?including tho Judge. Thore wero soveral causes Celebris to bo tried in Rockhampton, and if thoy did not send from Brisbane a real livo Judge, they Bent one who very nearly was. I think it is Emerson who says that nature mercifully allows us to com- mence docay at tho edgeB, or outsido shell. It was so with our Judge. His outside shell was strained, but thero was a clear, strong mind shin- ing from those steadfast eyes withal. A peculiarity (only perhaps through not being often noticed) of all assemblages cn route, and cast together by chauco, seems to bo the completeness of social components, to a whole,'as a society. A ship soldom sails without having amongst it passengers a lawyer, a doctor, a clergyman, tho average English gentleman, married ladies and girls, tho snob, the bagman ; and so down to Chinamen and goats, lumboriug tho forecastle. Wo had women going to join their husbands, othors running away from thom; and young girls whoso charms only required hus- banding to last for ever. Bagmen aro men of in- finite variety: Biiioking caps seem to be the com- mon field on which they meet. If you see a man on a steamer wearing a smokiug cap, you may lay fivo to one that ho is au " oxplorer," as thoy aro called upNorth. TheyaroasociablOjinorrylotof fellows, and there aro so many of them that you are sure to find some decent ono among tho lot. I am a fair-weather bird, and when I go down to tho Bea in ships tho waves are still?in good time bo it said. Our first port of call waa Bundaberg?a small melancholy town on the Burnett Rivor. Its subdued vitality is occasionally brightened by tho issue of a paper which pipes tho increasiug prosperity of its agricultural surroundings. Tho nights aro rendered ghastly by feeblo arrange- ments of light, distributed at vast distances. Tho accommodation for tho public cannot bo largo, as one steamer filled all tho hotel bedrooms. I, being late in the field, had to be contented with a lodgiug-hoiiae, where I might havo. passed a pleasant night but for tho lung rivalry of two, alas two, healthy babes. Tho following imbruing the monotonous Bilenca was broken by tho roar of cannon j ono long Armstrong, throwing about six to tho pound, waa fired several times to try and induce tho body of a man supposed te be drowned to oomo up and be buried. Tho hint not hoing accepted, wo went on for Gladstone. Port Curtis is a queen among harbors. If the laud around Glad- stone were fitted for settlement, then would Sydnoy havo found n rival worthy of her. Tho navies of tho world might anchor in this lovely basin. Gladstone is built ut tho mouth of a small creek, with deop water to its very edge. We stayed an hour hung up to a wharf, and wore stared ut by a fow sad-colored inhabitants. Ono wharf is sot apart as a forcing yard, whenco cattle aro shipped to fill tho aliou's stomach. Bidding adieu to this sweet sea-desert harbor, wo paddled quietly to Rockhampton. Tho only adveuturo loft uh was tho privilege of nearly run- ning down n pilot schooner which was anchored in mid-chaunol. Wo passed within ton feet of this imprudent littlo craft, and left her crew gasping at their narrow escape. Rockhampton is laid out like a city?a miniature Melbourne ; it brought pleasant recollections to my Victorian soul. A. noble esplanade runs along tho bank of tho Fitzroy, lined with haudsomo green folinged Leichhardt trees. Tho leaves at night aro tremu- lous with lovors'vows, breathed beneath their shade into tho willing ears of tropical bellos. Tho town is conservative all over : broad, well kopt rectangular stroots ; at night brilliant with gas, and saductivo with marts for overy kind of mer- chandise?from tho modest but much- loved oyster, fat, saline, and luscious, mingling lovingly with pig (wretched nnmo ; why not nntolopo or giraffe I) porter, to gorgeous and latest fashions, roguishly peeping nt pretty faces through plate glass windows. After a pleasant day or two in Rockhampton, I purchased a couple of nags from horse-dealers, relentless in the matter of price, and pierced tho west in the Great Northern Railway. This lino is not distinguished for pace. The further ono gets from tho great centres of commerce, tho lower tho pressure in everything. Wc averaged about fifteen miles un hour, and reached Dingo Creek, the western terminus, about sundown. The township of Dingo is itinerant in habit, and hangs on the skirte of tho railway navvies. Tho gonornl features aro public-houses, duBt, and liquor. Thoy cherish their dust in Dingo, for it promotes thirst, which is quenched with much beer. I left Dingo willingly. Tho journey to Springsure, Bomo hundred milos, is not romantic. There ure onoor two bitsof scenery worth remem- bering. A milgo in these parts runs aa far as it cares to, and theu stops abruptly?loaving tho appearance of being chopped off square. _ There is ono gorge, shadowed by an immeuso high cliff perpendicular ns tho Sydney North Head. Cut clear and sharp from tho rock, and guarding tho paSH, is tho most perfect " British lion's head " possible. Tonniel'B lion on tho dill's of Dover might have been lithographed from this desert plate. There is tho profile of tho lion, sedato in feature, calm, confident, and courageous in ex- pression. Tho position of tho head gave the im- pression that tho boast wa«. lying coucluuit, with tho arms crossed placidly. It is a woful pity that such a natural curiosity should bo placed where it can bo seen by so few. Wero it on one of Sydney Heads it would provo the right of Britain to tho colonies. About twonty miles from unromantic Dingo I was overtaken by some of the returning wit- nesses from tho Rockhampton assizes. The party was now composed of four Australian natives, including myself, ono enthusiastic Irishman, whom I shall call Mr. Reckless, and a neophyte, whoso namo shall bo Young Nimrod. Reckless had tho feathory brain and light heart of his race, and was n vory pleasant fellow-traveller. HiB vitality was rather overpowering at times ; but who is perfect ? Not even an Irishman. Young Nimrod was utterly unsophisticated ; an innocent and worthy youth, whoso mind was filled with ccstocy by tho Bolid properties cxhi bitod(by his maro and the brilliant appearance presented by his legs, encased in hugo antegro polos. Every now and then ho would surge up alougsido and say with modest prido : " f say, my mare is not Bueh n bad ono, is bIio '!" or, " I say, what do you think of my loggings now '<" (they had boen altered from vory large to very small). Of course wo would assure him that both mare and leggings wera not to be oxcolled. Ho would then drop behind till the time again ar- rived for thc same questions to bo repeated, and answered, as before. Tho country between Dingo and Springsure is depressing to an intending investor. Brigalow scrubs, overrun with countless millions: of walla- bies lind paddymelon. Black, soiled, dusty, and grasslcss, those dismal scrubs must have struck terror into the soul of tho first to piihs through them ; still beyond, we knew, lay the Land of Promise, flowing literally with milk and honey ; also locusts in tropical luxuriance, Our first halt from Dingo found us half way to Spring- sure. A funny old foreigner and uomo Bcore of pigs hold joint possession of tho place. The latter superintended tho stables, and fought manfully with tho horses for their foods, They wero so successful in their raids that I had to subsidise a sundi boy to woge war with the free snouters. Empty bottles, urged by the willing hand of youth, prevailed against unarmed num- bers, and the horscH fed in peace. Tho next day we passed over some better look- ing country. When about twelve miles from the end of our day's journoy, one of my boreen "jinkod" his buck j tho others rode on, leaving Young Nimrod and myself to prod the old horse , along in fTont of ub,,, There was no grass.to leave , tio poor .'beast oin', and I thought that with a littie.judicious, cruelty, ond'by spending an extra' hour or two.on the road, I could, save',.bbth' the invalid's lifo and my own pocket.' The " shades of night were'falling fast" as wo approached tho [ " Village in tho hills." Young Nimrod had spent I Borne happy days in Springsure in times gone by. j Ho pointed out to mo a hugo hill looming ahead:' [ "Tho town," ho said, "lies right Under that hill ; the inhabitants are very proud of that' hill." My heart was glad within me; for tho oripplo was getting unruly ? tacking across ruts aud gliding round bushes with an in- genuity and pertinacity, born of the evil one. I applied tho sharp cud of my stick with fresh vigor, and we reached the hill supposed to bo held in pride. Alas! we passed it. Nimrod's bump of locality was at fault. Another hill' appeared, like tho bald skull of a mau vanish- ing into the earth. " Springsure lies just under that hill, and thoy aro very proud of it," said Nimrod. "Aro you quito sure this time, Nimrod," I asked severely. " Oh, yes ; I know now where I am perfectly," answered he. 1 believed?for tho last time. Tho skull passed behind us. Thirst, dust-born and remorseless, fell on us, and mado us its owu. I enveloped noophytes aud cripples gonorally in a network of anathemas. Tho horso darted with vigor, developed by opportunity, down dark passes, clothed himself with invisibility, and behaved generally as a horso always does when you are driv- ing him by himself on a dark night and,feel dead boat. Nimrod lost himself ; I lost the horse. After losing and recovering everything possible a scoro of times, a bright twinkle piorcod tho blackness, aud I knew. that Springsure lay closo to that light, and I was vory proud of it. I rushed tho staggering cripple along tho road to whare beor awaited us. 1 nearly ruu over somo lunatic en- camped in mid-road. Ho sang out piteously, " I nm only a travollor, sir." " Aro you ?" I yollcd savagely ; " then you had better clear out or tho polico will be on to you to-morrow morn- ing for trespassing on a public road." Whothor this threat had tho effect of sending "ono moro unfortunate" homeless into tho bush, I know not. He stood between tho " thirsty ono " and beer; ho must clear out. Anothor quarter of an hour saw a man in a wayside inn, sitting on a couch, with a battered but gigantic tankard grasped in his hands. Upheaved beyond tho brim of the tankard was foam, suggestive of a beor-wave boueath. Tho man.glowered at any chance passer by, as if ho thought him likely to offer £li for tho tankard, mid possibly deprivo him of its possession. But they did riot. Thoy could riot' have been thirsty. Tho man's noso sank into tho foam, aud as it did, peace per- colated through his parched pores, and smoothed tho wrinkles from his brow. . Ho took tho plain, battered drinking cup from his lips and smiled liko a little child. Springsure is so called from abounding springs. Ever-running crookB divided the land, but tho kangaroo oats all tho grass. Instead of " Ilka blado o' grass kops its aili drap o' dow," it was " Ilka blade o' grass kops its aiu kangaroo." Tho, frontages to tho creeks and overy plain wore covored with thoso silent but accomplished gross eaters. About twenty miles from our western palmyra wo carno on thu Barcoo Downs. From out of a most miserable brigalow scrub, of tho meanest grazing capacity, wc entered on smiling plains, rieh with lusty, succulent Miteholl grass, and dolicatc, sweet-flavored blue grass, beloved of all horbicoin. Night saw us in Tambo, from whence wo recklessly sout telegrams to friends, as being nn o:isicr modo of communication than writing. With Tambo wo leave tho cable which con- nects us with civilisation. Tho magic wiro goes no further wost. Two months should seo it to Blackall, seventy-live miles further. The posts aro carried previous distances?sixty miles? soon to be eighty. As grazing country, the open Barcoo Downs are channing, lt has becu very dry for a long time, but tho grass is strong and healthy yet. Two days take us to Blackall, and tho witnesses begin to scatter to their homes, and I am left with only Reckless and Young Nimrod. Wo start about noon ono day, after I havo purchased two fresh horses. Reckless, mounted on a spirited maro, foelH that ho is tho man for Galway ; his heart is light, his maro eager. Tho saddle-pouch bulges under tho benign presence of thu " patent civilizer," Janies Uen- oo isy, encased in his ancestral bottlo. The next day 1 parted regretfully with my friends of tho road. My courso now lay direct down the froutago ; Malvern Hills, Avington, IsiB Downs, and Ter- rick Downs are successively piissod. No grazing country in the colonies surpasses tlicso Bplondid Downs. Cattle and sheep are ready for market with arapidity which startles themselves ; they revel in magnificent grasses. Not a waste acre is to bo seen. There aro some handsome trees and woods along thu river. Somu of tho latter should make valuable cabinet woods, such as bauhinia, sandal wood, and dead finish. Tho bauhinia is the handsomest and shadiest tree on tho Barcoo, lt is covered with a duad-red bloom. Tho boughs droop, forming ii most seductive sun-shadu ; tho wood is very dark in color, and is said to bo hard, liko ebony. The wood of tho dead finish is blood-red and very tough, us aro tho boughs and twigs? which bend but novor break; thoy spring liko whalebone and scratch liko cate. Thu white laurel in bloom is vory pretty. SolUndilla, Louisa Downs, and Mount Marlow como next on thc south side of tho river. Mount Marlow home station is built on a stately hill, rising some fifty feet above the lovel of the plains, Bolling downs extend for miles, covered with rich grasses and bright pebbles. Tho pobbles on tho hills aro very beautiful, and raro collections of crystals, cornelians, and agates might bo made with but little trouble Opal is found in tho ranges which bound tho Thomson and Ilnrcoo ; I saw several samples during my travels. An amusing description was given mo of tho pro- ceedings of the first discoverers of opal at Spring- sure. The lucky finders secured their ground ; then there was ii rush, and claimB wore pegged oil'north, south, cast, and west. The excitement was tremendous. Opal swells, whenover they mut, shook hands aud congratulated one anothor. |Diiring the, copper fever I have hud my hand Bluiken somu thousands of times by frantic co- partners in a dulling claim. Tho publicans, fore- seeing u rich harvest, laid in many coscr of cham- pagne, and lay in ambush. A splendid stone, showing opal freely, was sot up in tho principal hotel, and worshipped liko tho " golden calf." They gave dinners, aud cut the throat of, or de- capitated with the ever-ready sheath-knife, every bottlo in the land. They devoured all tho fowlH and their eggs. The fatted calf became extinct. Then they said : " Wo will go and gather a few millions from our minus, and puy for these thiugs." A rock wns selected as tlio lode, but it defied pick and shovel, wielded by tho unskilful bushmen. They put in ii mighty blast which must havo blown everything to tho devil ; but though they searched much, no ono over saw any moro opal. They then returned to town, sold their substance and paid their hotel bills, which made them both sud mid poor. As this is morely a legend from tho fertile brain of a friend of mino, I beg tho heroes of tho opal minos te forgive mo. From Mount Murlow to Sedan is twenty miles. Hedau in tho place where poor Welford was mur- dered by thu blacks. Ho lies in n neat grave, iron-railed, and with a marble headstone. This was tho story of his death, as told to mo on tho spot :?Welford was vory friendly with the blacks, treating them with great kindness: and consideration. As usual, ho paid tho penalty with his life. Ho and one of his mon were fell- ing a tree on thu bunk of an immoiiHo water- hole, about a quarter of a milo from tho hut. Encamped on this waterhole was ii large mob of blacks. Welford was assisted in his work by a civilised black, who hud boen at ono time in tho native police. This man's gins subsequently confessed that it was ho who hod concocted tho murder, promising tho Warrigals immunity from tho nativo polico, mid un- limited plunder. Tho man working with Wel- ford left him to i;et water from tho hole. Welford was resting mid wiping his brow when the civilised black cut him down with his own uxe; uh ho fell, a . ttpour was driven through him. They then attacked tho othor man coming from tho water; ho wim ii young active mau,' and from tho signs of struggling must have fought desperately for his life. Armed numbers against one unarmed man ends but in one way, and he went down in that saddest of nil struggles?when n mau fights without hope. When tho bodies were found thoy wvro both in the water?Welford with only two wounds, the other frightfully mutil- ated. The murderers paid tho usual penalty, aud the reprisals exacted were very severe. Tho actual instigator of the murders,, was never accounted for. -"Thfc blacks -say that" they killed him for deceiving them, but this is very doubtful. However,, the , old Mosaic law was carried out, and "blood for blood" in .full measure poured forth. /I was speaking to a resi- dent about.this occurrence, and asked him if ho knew Welford. He answered, " No, but I have seen him as plainly aa I see you now;" Thia was his story :? " I was sont to take charge of some cattle at Sedan not long af ter the murder, and I lived in the hut which had been his. About a woek after,: my arrival; accompanied by a black, I was look- ing for somo strayed horses. As we rode along this boy said to nie,,.' Baal you frighten sleep long a, hut?' I said, 'No j, what for?' He answered, ' Mine been Bee Welford go longa hut last night.' I laughed at him, and took no notice of his Btery, putting it down to blacks' supersti- tion of ' Devil-devil.';, That night as I lay in bed in tho hut, with a, bright moon gleaming in at the open shutters, Welford walked into tho hut, . and Htood looking at me from a distance pf a fow yards. I saw him stand there looking as much in tho flesh as you do now riding by my side. His face was as white as death, and a deep wide gash traversed his forehead. His hair was wild and blood-bedabbled. Ho moved close to mo aud said, ' Whero are my cattle ?' I gasped out, ' On Powell's Crook.' The apparition then turned nnd walked slowly out of tho hut.' 'And now,' said the narrator, looking pale at the re- collection of that ' night of his life,' ' I would not tako tho station aitd live again in tb.ithut.'" Tho man who told mo this was a young, strong, bushman, not one nt all likely to bo the subject of morbid fancies. If this is not a true ghost story, not mino the fault. The physique of tho natives of this district h wretched in tho oxtremo, their food bad, and their clothing?nature's. Stamina cannot be expected in a nico whose' food consists of pig- face, nardoo, and box-treo seed, mussels and roots. They also cat a curious tuber which they dig from the mulga scrubs; tho native name is "coolaburreo." lt is Very like a sweet potato, succulent and pleasant tasted. Thoy also cut largo fat locusts from a plain bush ; theso they call "coomburdu." Missionary labors would be . uphill work amongst theso tribes. Tho waterholes from Sedan to tho junction, of tho Barcoo and Thomson uro of' great size. Thoro is ono 150 yards wide, twelve miles long, and vory deep. No drought can affect tho water hore. A fair-sized yacht might be sailed on one of theso vast reservoirs. You may now imagine mo at the junction of tho Barcoo and Thomson waters, each honored with the name of " river." It is ovideutly only brevet rank, for their confluence fenns Cooper's Creek. I aeat myself on a stump at tho junction, and look north, south, east,, mid wost, over a tract of pastoral country which must yot make Queens- land famous. The Barcoo is about 350 miles long, with scarcely n waste nero from end te end. Thoro is tho immense extent of country rcpro-'1 Bontod by Cooper's' Crock, the ThoniBon, Dia- mantina, Aramac, Darr, Horbert, and tho new rivor?tho euphonious " Eau Mulligan." -What f n noble heritage' to bind to civilisation with a railway. At present tho country is Innd-'locked.1 ' For hundreds of miles the country is as lovel is a map?formed for rails.. Hero is pasture land of equal, if not greater oxtent than Riverina, wasting ita incalculable productive powers for. want of land carriage. Half, if not all, tho labor-howls against alien labor would bo silenced by n meteoric railway flashing through theso ex-' huustless prairies. A railway should repay tho outlay, by diverting streams of gold into, the land revenue. Pasture lund would become so vnluablo here that stations would be miido free- hold, instead of being rented at low rents. Surely tho Aniorican policy is best: send tho railway ahead of civilisation, and settlement and perfect development of resources aro simultaneous. Millions of Victorian money aro only awaiting tins' to bo sown broadcast over north-west Queensland. A railway would recapture tho trade of tho Bulloo, Paroo, and Warrego?now enriching Victoria and Smith Australia. There never was a better opportunity of connecting tho mouth and hands with the stomach and lungs of this Imperial lund. But it should bo done quickly. Lose no time choosing the route ; thc shortest ronlo is thu'one. Shortness means cheapness, and thc intervening country is pretty evenly Bottled. I must come oil' my stump ; it tires me ; and sh all go home mid return with b.ith pockets ami my hat full of money, and 1. nnd ray friend the (larson will travel together to tho "Red Bureod," in the "Groat Western Railway," 