a A? S.VLA ON AVAR. > \- Mr.. G. A. Sain writes lo tho lllusiralctl Zion' lluiTXcivs, fiofiTConsliinrifioplo, concorning'th'o aviii- lis follows :— "Thu bodies.. of .somo. 8000 "Englilnueu'niouldor peacefully in this .(Scutari) 'cmvoviird. I fancy. Hint tlio comcuibmnco; of fh. .?i- ilciUhs minlit niodomte tlio fronzy- of tlio iuolitii'inns who sooni bent 011 hounding England L. ... „ fYnsh war wiLli Russia. .-Surely those noliiiciansimist.bo maiulj'. young inen, or thoy amwiJiavu-.Ycryshu»i juomorios. — I remember, the episodes of'tho. Crimean war ns though : tlioy :lnul liapi>ened vcslerday, for then, as now, I wis earning ntv daily braad by literature and jonrusiHsm, nud'tho war brought mo -every / day. fresh materials for my peu. I was within an ace in 1888 of going to Solmstopol, butT-woutto :Rn<rin iustoad. an you not recalls you;,who 'ai-e middle-aged and whoso memories aro - good, two misemble- years betweou tho fight at .the Aliua and tho fall of tho Malakoff? Do youJ romembor tho.Ghost's Dorby' Day in 1855 ?. >Do- jyou remember when, 011 the clilT at Brighton 'Siid tlio Marina at St. Leonai-d's, you pould tvftlk ton rmcea williout mc_elhig_gronp5_ of ladies aud children clad in deepest mourning for their fathers, husbands, .brothers, sweethearts 'slain in that wretched Chersonese, or who' liad sickened aud died' iu the cheerless wards of the jScntari Hospital ? Aro we to havo these years jof privato agouy and bereavoineut, of public 7bliUTdoringand- mismanageinent,-over-again ? — I supposo so; glory is a very fin© thing. T am -only a pckin% a civilian, audi know notluug about gioiy; but I confess tliat my blood grows cold'' and' tkaf'iny heart sickens whon I hoar politicians portly prating abont the ' arbitrament of tho sword, dud — war. clearing tho atmosphora, and ' So forth. I ho'vey met Glory yet, arid I don't know what lie or she is like ; hut I have mot War face to faco half-a-dozen times in as many , countries. I have looked into tlio whites, or ratiier tho criinsous, of liis eyes, and I havo gazod upon the Sisters who" folio whim where- Booyer_ho_gocB.„They_arqtiireo sisters, aud; their' names are ' Rapme, and" ' Disease,' aud ' Death.' This is, of course, a miserably craven and spiritless way of looking at War. I canuot help it. I have seen only AVar's madness and wickedness, its foulness nud-squalor.- To me it -lias'-represented-notlring- but-robbory-aud-protli-- "Sacyrhutfamine-Rndsiarighter;andI"canbnt- tliiuk that if the .warlike politicians wero to :».i' linlf.nn.limti of aAtnnl WflrfllTO ns I n»UOBOjm»l UIHl-aiiMiwuk w. — . — liavo witnessed it iu Amorica, in Italy, in Mexico, iu Frauco, in Spain, their martial ardour would cool dowii a little, and they would not bo quite so prompt to blow the bellicose trumpet." Mr. Carlyle on the Crisis.— Mr. Carlylohas senfc.tho following let'er to tho Times or pub lication : — "A rumour everywhere prevails that, our miraculous Premier, in spite of his " Queen's vProclamation of Neutrality, inetnds, under cover of 'core for British' -interests,' to send. the Englisli fleet to the Baltic, 01 do some fttlpw fflftfc' whieh KliAJt cnnqml-Rnsaia-todeolare- war against Eugland. Latterly tlio rnmour has shifted from. the Baltic and become, still more sinister, the eastern side of tho 6Cone, where a feat is contemplated that will forco not Russin .oulyJ)ut.alLEurope,-to- declare_war_against-us.- Tlus latter I have come to know as an indisput able! fact'; in our' present affairs and outlooks surely 'a grave one. As to 'British interests,' there is nono visiblo or conceivable to mo, except tuking-'strict cliurge of our route to India by Suez und Egypt: and, for the rest, resolutely steering altogether clear of any co-parinery with the Turk in regard to this or any other British in terest 'whatever. It should bo felt by England as a real ignominy to be connected with such a Turk at nU. Nay, if wo still liad, as, in fact, all ought to. have,' a Vish to save liim from perditiou. and anniliilationin God's world, the onemlure for -him that has any hope in it is oven now that of being conquered by tho Russians, and gradua'ly schooled aud drilled into peaceable attempt at learning to bo himself governed. The nows- pax>tr outcry against Russia is no more to mo ;thauthshowUngoTJjedlum, proceeding, as itdoes, from iho deepest iguoraucc, egotism, and paltry uatii ual jealousy. These things I write not 011 lieaisay, but on accurate 'knowledge, and to: all friends of tboir counJry wUl rccomiuendzimr; mediate attention to them while thcro is yet time, lest in a four weeks tlio 'maddest and most cri minal thing that a British" Government could do 'should be doiie, and all Europe kiudle into flames of war." Ti Sinking of a Turkish Monitor and Loss of 200 1.ives. — A special from J assay says :-',';The Jen tiro Turkish floatilla appeared before Ibniila, .and 011 coming into position began bombarding. The fire of the Turkish vessels was at once re- turned by the Russian shore batteries, and, the Artillery battle was soou fierce and deadly.. At rlength two shells were fired from the Russian .batteries, under direction of Commandant Xamailla, atone ofthe monitors. - The vessel fired at was a distance of two tniles from the ibattcry, yet both shells struck tho; monitor as 'thoy fell. The vessel 111 less than a minute after 'sank. As soon ns tlie catastrophe was. compre hended in its fullest extent, tlio Russians made 'an effort to succour tlieir enemies. A boat was despatched from tlio shore to tho scene of the wreck, but thoy were unsuccessful in finding any of the officers and crew, but had the honor 'of capturing tho flag of the sunken, monitor. The ill-fated vessel liad 200(men on board at the time sho was destroyed.: Out of this number but one was saved. None of tlio Turkish com manders made . any attempt to succour their comrades in distress. According to the rules of the Russian service, the commanders of tho- batteries and artillerists atteuding tho guns are entitled to recoivo tho Graud Cross of St. George." : ! _ ... > . The Carriaob of Gunpowder.— Someone will have to invout aiiewkiudof con voyancofor gun powder. The canal companies liavo eoosed to cany it on any jcr'nis! and a nurubor of lighterB which a cautious Government got constructed after Regent's Fark explosion, with a view to insuring against accidents iu transit, wero sold tlio other day for lumber/ The next move will be tiiat shipowners will placo it under ban. The mysterious fate of .the Great, .Queensland, a splendid vessel, on. Her way outi.to . Molbonrno, wliicJi.dioappeurod in August lust, after leaving tho channel, has excited suspicions aB_to_her„cargo.- She earned 88 tous of ordinary gunpowder bosidos smaller.; quantities . of patent wood gunpowder, aud - patent safety gun-cotton... At thc_in-_ quiry in the -AV reek Uommissiouers' Court the manufacturers of tlio three suspected combusti bles wore roproseuted by Counsel, and the scion- tifio; witnesses wero sternly cross-examinod when -thoy ventured to express a greater mistrust of ono -patent than tho other. Dr. Duprd, tho official analyst, doseribod experiments that he had'uiado with the patent gunpowder under the effects of heating. It had given off stciuri in seven minutes, while . the jniniimira . resistance should have boon frtiTTriinutqa. IIo lmd more faith in" tho safoty of gnu-cotton than of the wood .uowdor, as the cotton libro admitted of moro Uiorough pm'A\<jiiliou.'--JJrithh lTradQm Journal May 1st. 