THE MAYOR'S BALL. THE great sporting event of the week—indeed we might almost say of the season—has been the fancy meet at the Town Hall on Tuesday night. In comparison with the engagements that were made on that auspicious occasion, the engagements for the approaching Spring meeting at Flemington fall into utter insignificance. Over 3600 guests were entered and hardly one failed to put in an appearance. A t the first scrape of the leading fiddle, eight hundred happy pairs fell into position, bowed to each other and smiled, and prepared themselves with seriousness and solemnity to perform the duties for which they were called together. It was a beautiful and impressive sight. Plumes nodded, jewels glittered, eyes sparkled, hearts beat fast, and the boldest held their breath, till the exciting moment arrived when the note from the orchestra allowed the giddy throng to plunge into the wild wave of pleasure. The running in the first dance, however, was not as fast as it might have been. The revellers had'not yet got used to their clothes. Gentlemen who never wore a sword before or earned a battle-axe in their hands, had to show a certain amount of caution when dancing with queens who held sceptres, shepherdesses with crooks, or flower girls embarrassed with baskets of their wares. Besides, the future had to be thought of. Dresses must not be disarranged till they had been inspected by every one that one knew. Ihose who are acquamted-as Who is not?—with the care and attention bestowed by ladies on their last touches to their toilets know that a ribbon, a curl, or a bit of laee out of place, will cause them the keenest unhappiness ; and this is quite sufficient to account for the quiet and orderly manner in which the first dance was gone through. There was not, we believe, a single case of a lady's skirt being torn in the preliminary canter. Before, however, proceeding to describe the various events of the evening, it may be well for the information of those who have never been to a Fancy Ball to give a slight idea of what it is like. Well, it is not unlike a theatrical performance in which the audience are all actors. It is not unlike the waxworks with the breath of life breathed into the dummies. It is not unlike what the Yarra Bend would be if the inmates were allowed to carry out their wildest fancies. It is not unlike History, Biography, Mythology, Poetry, .fiction and the Drama run mad, and escaped from the pages of wormeaten books for one night's prank every three years. This it may be said is m hat it is not unlike, but does not convey an idea of what it hk f e We are uot - S oi "g to shrink from solving a problem simply because it is hard. We want everyone, no matter how far removed in time, or apace, or position, from the revellers of last Tuesday evening, to have an idea of how they looked on the memorable event and we are determined they shall have it. This is our plan. Go into training. Fast for a day. Go through a course of miscellaneous reading. Post yourself up in gods and goddesses, kings and queens, heroes and heroines, murderers and murderesses, saints, angels, and demons ; and then, after a heavy supper of pork chops, dream. The nightmare, that will sit upon you and destroy your rest, willgive you something like a proper idea of what a fancy dress ball resembles. After the first dance, promenading became the order of the evening. It was necessary that everybody should see and be seen by everybody else, and it was clear that this important end could not be gained by sitting still Numbers of persons acquainted with our Sporting Editor remarked as they met him, " Is it not a very pretty sight," and he overheard scores of others making the same remark. On a moderate estimate, he calculates, that every person present said on an average fifty times in the course of the night, that it was a very pretty sight, and quite as often was the question asked of, " What are you supposed to be ?" Indeed the frequency with which that inquiry was made suggests a reform in fancy balls which we hope to see carried out in the next that is given. People should go labelled on the back with their fictitious names, the era to which they belong, and a few leading features in their characters for the information of strangers. No one was ever able to tell, from looking at either men or women at a fancy ball, what characters, they wished people to think they had assumed; and it is not till we read the accounts of tbe costumes in the papers on the following day that we know how the majority of the guests were dressed. But the names adopted by the revellers were really quite arbitrary. They might just as well have gone in anonymous fancy dresses and have allowed the attendant who announced them to draw upon his imagination for names for them. Our Sporting Editor reports being introduced to a mother and daughter, the elder of whom personated Cleopatra, and the younger, Mary Queen of Scots. There was little difference in their clothes, and he fell into the not unnatural mistake of taking the daughter for the fair Egyptian, and the mother for the unhappy captive of Lochleven, and so continued to address them all the night. A gentleman, a member of the press, gave him three guesses in wliich to name his character, and our Sporting Editor gave successively Falstaff, Henry VIII., and the King of Spades, to all of whom he bore a certain resemblance. Judge of the astonishment of our Sport ing Editor, when his friend showed symptoms of annoyance and declared that anyone but a fool could see he was Hamlet. One of the prettiest and most peculiar dresses in the room was that worn by the lady who assumed the part of the Celestial Sphere. There was a certain amount of inconvenience about it, however, as in the square dances she took up an entire side to herself, and in the round dances three or four revolutions of her partner around her knocked him up for the evening. When everybody had seen and was seen, the real enjoyment of the evening commenced. After three or four dances, ladies got as indifferent to the rending , of their garments as they do at ordinary balls, and the floor became littered with the wreckage of many a noble and royal costume. After supper, things became jollier still, Imperial and royal ladies not only danced but openly flirted with pages, pirates, play-actors, highwaymen and Highlander; while their imperial and royal masters revenged themselves by making fiercelove to chambermaids, heathen goddesses, and humble flower girls. Beautiful Snows shed their covering of swansdown over the velvet coats of Indian princes, and British Druids, ignoring national animosity, were only too happy to be allowed to retire into quiet corners and spoon with noble Saxon ladies. "Out out are the lights, out all." The grey dawn of Wednesday morning has come, the scene of mayoral festivity is Bhut up, and the 1600 revellers are catching a few brief hours of sleep before they again enter on the cares and duties of life. As the hand of the clock points to 8 a. m., how many groans are there not heard arising from weary pillows, as Bridget, told overnight to let the masther sleep to the last moment, knocks at the bedroom door to say the fated hour has come. How pallid and wan are the faces of the men that the morning trains whirl into town between 9 and 10 o'clock; and how eagerly j hundreds scan their watches as 110011 nears, as if constantly taking them out of their pockets and looking at them, would hasten the blessed moment when they may, without violating the proprieties, renovate their wasted systems by the internal application of cool beer, sparkling sherry, or soda with a dash. Up to the hour of noon yesterday Collins-street was inhabited by a crowd of ghosts. Spectral business people served spectral customers, and disembodied professional men in whom all human feeling but acute headache was dead, advised airy clients or patients on imaginary grievances or ailments. But as cock-crow sends the ghosts, that have been disporting themselves around our pillows in the dark, back to their roosts, so the first chime of twelve by the clock ou yesterday recalled the city back to mortality. In the afternoon tilings looked human, though still very seedy, and in the evening men were able to talk and laugh over the occurrences of the ball We are happy to state that to-day, things have resumed their ordinary course, and that "order reigns inthe city." t 