fBE THE AT li his, late. THEATRES ROYAL. so piMPlES REAPPEARANCE. of home generally well filled, and in parts . recently crowded, welcomed the return from Dampier to the stage of the Theatre on Saturday night, after an absence of First "both in New Zealand and in New J ii, Wales. Die reception on his first w much was in the most expressive sense, appeared as he listened to the cordial LonRlrntion of regard which greeted him. claim welcome, so spontaneous and un ' thoroughly deserved, for J' ifp ¿ jd right Mr. Dampier earned her,,,, on' the favourable estimation of ALl in ing the three years he worked t 'If 11-1 à of the company of this theatre !' r- il'"sttbatbe has used in the best 'j,;, opportunities of improvement during the time that he has been absent from us. we can, therefore, with good judgment that i, (alerted the part of Hamlet in which to let his re-appearance, for, having played fatherly before terminating his engagement over the management of the Theatre Royal, could be seen whether he had rested content with the measure of excellence to this he then reached, or, with a true rodents love of his art, he had searched for 'attitudes of adding to the completeness ck work. And that he has taken this life course no one who saw him on Satur- ar doubt can doubt. For, as compared with tuHnmlet of a year ago, his Hamlet as now assented is almost a new representation. Bill? Indeed, kept the ground-work upon which he began, but he has rebuilt the (jwreirnclure with such a remarkable finish (lit it comes with quite the surprise of pretty At once, however, let it be said that his judgment has been well employed in the things he has made, and that in no in. places have these been introduced out of any rate' waywardness or caprice. He has I, ed to make his Hamlet the Hamlet of «Mk«tw«e, and he has studied the charge ems far as possible removed from the tra 'ltwualBtogf point of view. He has onded cared to render him not merely an elocution remaining but a living creature, having tears and passion like other men. In ac perform with this estimate he has put jails, wherever he could, everything in the return of attitudinising or reciting. And no doubt, despite the protests of some remnants I The obsolete Struble school of acting, the claim that the removednesa of poetic rigid requires its representatives to deliver themselves not after the manner in men and women of real life, but 'leading to an artificially Orthoepie method, in rural manner of speaking, and the actual day of standing and walking are finally ben g adopted now-a-days by all trellised actors who have the courage to think for themselves. It is certain that Mr. Dampier is of this new and better school, to that Hamlet's advice to the players in Mrs the principles upon which he has EEolveH to nil On the other hand, there is thing in all that he does which can be turned he carelessness, or as indifference of fine dramatic effect On the contrary, he appears to have diligently sought foroppor parties if introducing particulars which might help to make the meaning of many niPF"!«' more apparent, and the situations are tilling, and thus, not obtrusively not píPíi/ationsiy, but with a properly artistic coordination to the general effect, knowing, i be obviously does, that in a perfect amour representation every detail, how or evil, should be an element coherent lib the rest. It would be easy to point out, severally, i instances in which Mr. Dampier's Intel tree has guided him to the adoption of era of interpretation which show how rome and howrovotontial in the enthusiasm with which he has studied Shakspeare. On Thurday night he gave a large opportunity thinking illustrative selections of this ;.:', and we hope to return to the constitution of his Hamlet with this purpose in vain. For the present it may suffice to con. ode This notice of his performance by saying it but Hamlet is scholarly, earnest, and [shall; natural and traditional, and at it may be witnessed, both by the reinga theatregoer and the Shaksperian cdfnr,-i'b pleasure unmixed with theqaaU action which not seldom spoils the enjoy, enter the higher Shakspearian characters, 'r Dimmer was called before the curtain at i ear) of every act, and the applause bestowed on him throughout was of the most unani eos Bfd hearty kind. The cast of there being paris showed some rather remark. Me dtnutioiiB from the allotment usually adopted, Mr. Appleton, who has so long an almost identified with the character of Mines, doubled for the parts of First Actor to Of ric, Horatio, which has similarly ap 'ared to belong to Mr. Gladstone, was given of Mr. Taylor and Mr. Deorwyn's great [certainty of declaiming as First Actor was tried him by his being reduced to the line Jioa of Marceline. In justice to him it not be said that he did his best-which, ith him, commonly means his loudest i the fourth act, where, according to 'a modem representation of the scene. 'side-line, instead of a gentleman, an. conciB to the King the approach of the slotted Laertes. Of Mr. Appleton, it need hardly be said that he played his two minor evils with the well-considered refinement Lieh always distinguishes him. Mr. Taylor's Icretio, if not a striking performance, had a Noseworthy modest merit. Mr. Holloway's states lacked ease. Mr. Lawrence's King-, 'if Bryer's Queen, Mr. Stuart O Brien's Flavius, Mr. Greville's Gravedigger, Mr. '»mood's Ghost, and Miss Docy Stewart's 'hills are familiar representations. Of the armed lady, however, i' s serves to be said that she played the part "extremely well, 'ter, indeed, than we ever remember her I have played it before, and was loudly called before the curtain at the end of the Bath not, A portion of the scenery was tK The bills said the scenery was entirely tw," but if it was, the greatest part was so "easy like the old scenery that, save for the tie of change, the old scenery might as well M been retained. THE OPERA-HOUSE. MADAME L'ARCHIDUC. U is some time now since we had a new carbonate produced under Mr. Lyster's "Jfksuient, and the announcement of this s for performance on Saturday night gave to a good deal of expectation, and was 'ws of brings g together a very large 'Jr in. The cast of characters was as what Mariette, Miss Catherine Lewis; ' '2, "r. Henry Bracy; Count Castelardo, ' If. Templeton The Archduke, Mr. it 1 'opold ; Ricardo, Mr. John Forde ; " i, Miss E A Lambert ; the land ''.'' H Leopold ; the four conspirators t 9 V R >rs. Trevarrab, G. A. Johnson, A. s 'for, '"id W. Johnston ; the Ministers of the Messrs Gordon Ramsden, Graham, H Pc her ; Boppino, Miss B. Leopold ; "'i' i 2 2, Miss B. Royal and the 0 ite Castelardo, Miss Alice Wooldridge. " addition to these there were waiters, it will i a, guard, et cetera, in great aban. '. We gave an outline of the plot in J Argus of Saturday. The music is by wnbach-the Story is the fantastic Position of Albert Milhaud. The very jon under notice is a translation by '. Fred. Lyster, and it was first produced 1 Australia in Adelaide, 24th March, 177, for music being by Offenbach cannot oH "is tiring of day display any startling degree 'Onginnliry, but it contains a great many lamb which are quite characteristic of his best manner and of these a large share 'to the part of Fortunato-the captain the guard-a part which was played on Saturday night by MIssE A Limbert with sling nished success. But the rate of 5 ""'etta being allotted to the leading lady of the company, we will speak of Miss Catherine Lewis first. It is easy to see from this performance how great an advantage it is to an actress or singer to be entrusted with the first representation of a new part. The audience under such circumstance is very tractable; the opportunity for comparison is wanting, and the effort has to be accepted upon such merits as it displays without being contrasted with similar, or it may be superior, readings. This young lady succeeded very well with her audience, but she might do better yet if she would only allow herself to do so. We will again name two radical defects in her manner, which we think she might easily correct, and then appeal to her good Eonee to place herself in conformity with the wishes of a thoroughly friendly audience. In the first place an over present tremolo in her singing voice becomes wearisome from constant reiteration, and we h now she can correct this trick when she like B, as witness herbaceous the other night in the air "Say to him," in "The Grand Duchess. The special instance to which we would now call her attention occurs in the couplets "Forgive us, pray, in the scene between Marietta and Gillett, the Count and Countess ; here her voice was so extremely unsteady that the proper intonation of the musical passage was marred. Wo name this instance because it is easily identified, and is the most prominent we could mention, Secondly, we would beg of her to call into a more open delivery more recognisable form of speech ; the particular passage to which we would now call her recollection is that wherein she addresses Fortunato, "Oh, what a swell, to." Here the words were so clipped and crushed before they left her lips that the ear became weary in straining to catch their meaning. We are not going to do Miss Lewis the in j us face to suggest that all her performance was marked by those disagreeable characteristics; on the contrary, there were many parts in it which call for hearty praise, such as the song which commences "Yes, and Binga Oh jolly," which is purely Offenbach, and very French and that other pretty composition, for the singing of which Miss Lewis was deservedly much applauded, namely, "The Archduke of this nation with the refrain " Nothing at all." With the high spirits and many other natural qualifica- tions which she possesses, it is no one's fault but her own if Miss Lewis does not succeed fully as well as she wishes. Miss Lambert, as Fortunato, the captain of the guard, has a really brilliant part to play, and she has applied herself to the study of it with such intelligence as to have made a pronounced success. She and her army of small dragoons are very prettily dressed, and in general suitability of appearance and stage make-up Miss Lambert gives no cause for fault-finding. The part for her abounds with capital songs, and one of them especially-the "Chanson du Petit capitaine will surely take possession of the streets ere long. This was sung with great spirit Saturday night, and was encored. The little that Miss Wooldridge had to do was well done, and the same may be said concerning Miss Blanche Leopold and Miss Bessie Royal. Mr. Henry Bracy as Gilette, the waiter, and afterwards the mock Count, played a small part pleasantly enough, and kept his audience in good humour. In the scene wherein he meets the Count's arch enemy he does in very comical way as he is bidden to do, and smiles as thoroughly as ever; Malvolio smiled ; indeed, from recollection, we think the likeness coincides even to the extent of " the yellow stockings and cross gartered." Mr. Templeton plays the part of the Count under some restraint, because the music seemed to be pitched too high for him, but fortunately he has not much to do. The bogus German duet in the first act is a comical idea, which took very well with the audience, Mr. George Leopold plays the part of the Archduke Ernest, an "original" who does not keep in one frame of mind for two minutes at a time. In appearance he is a kind of compromise between that of King Bosche and George the Third, The expression of his face is like that of Lord Thurlow, but without the least suspicion of wisdom. His deportment is that of a Turvey drop, who occasionally owns the power of St Vitus to quicken his movements. He is without exception the most perfectly elabD ated and highly finished Old Fool that has ever been presented on this or probably any other stage. It is a part the play ingot which Mr. George Leopold thoroughly revels in, and he makes the lungs of those who see him " to crow like Chanticleer." of the conspirators and the Ministers of State we have only to speak in praise. The whole work was very well performed, and it was dressed and mounted on the stage with all Mr. Lyster's characteristic liberality. Madame h'Archiduc" will be repeated to-night and every evening until further notice, _ ACADEMY OF MUSIC. THE TICKET OF LE ONE MAN. At the Academy of Music on Saturday evening the favourite drama of " The Ticket of-leave Man" was produced. Even when moderately well played this representation of the efforts of a wrongly convicted man to regain his lost position can scarcely fail to arouse the interest and sympathy of an audience, and its success should therefore be assured when acted in the manner presented at this theatre. We have seldom seen a performance of greater merit than that under notice, all of the characters, nearly without exception, being ably filled. Mr. H E. Walton played the part of Robert Brierley in a thoroughly careful and conscientious style, and without giving any undue prominence forcibly brought out the more striking points of the character. The careless folly which first allowed him to fall a dupe to his associate, the determination after his discharge from Portland to lead an honest life, the sorrow and despair which came upon him when all his efforts to obtain employment were repulsed, and he found the shadow of his past career haunting him everywhere, and his final and successful attempt to retrieve himself, were naturally portrayed, and without any over, straining for effect. Miss Anstead, who appeared as May Edwards, the companion and consoles of Brierly in his troubles, gave an ixi telligent and pleasing rendering of the part. Mrs. Fitzwilliam was Mrs. Willoughby, the garrulous and good-hearted old landlady, to the life. Her admirable performance alone was sufficient to make the piece a succesS. Mr. Thorne, who has already attained the reputation here of a very capable actor, was James Dalton, alias the Tiger, a character we should not have thought to be in his line, but his performance was highly meritorious, and in the scene where, dressed as a merchant in the city, he extricates himself from the trap laid for him in the presentation of forged bills, really artistic. Mr. Booth man had an opportunity for distinguishing himself as Hawkshaw, the detective, a character which, in able hands, is frequently made the most effective in the piece, but which on this occasion was certainly overshadowed. Miss L. Dixon was very amusing as Sam Willoughby, and fulfilled all the requirements of the character. Mr. W. H. Wallace would be more successful as Melter Moss [if he relied more on natural humour and loss on tricks of gesture. Dis- carding these, his performance would be one worthy of much commendation, Mr Hydes, as Green Jones, had a suitable outcome for his vein of the comical, and he was ably seconded by Miss Jessie Grey as his better half. Mr. Saville, as Mr. Gibson, the bill broker, and Mr. Daniels, as Maltby, had but little to do, but did that little well, WILSON CIRCUS. Mr Wilson's circus company commenced their second series of performances in Melbourne on Saturday evening, under atmos- spherical conditions which appear to be the inseparable concomitants of his visits to this city. The night was thoroughly inclement rain falling almost incessantly. Not with. standing the unfavourably e weather, however a satisfactory attendance in every part of the tent assembled for the first performance Mr Wilson on his present visit to Melbourne has pitched his tent on a vacant plot of land in Lonsdale street, near Spring street and as the entertainment is con fired to strictly legitimate circus business the accommodation required is not so extensive as during his last visit here. The left extended dimensions of the present tent may also be due to a recognition of the fact that the Melbourne people have lately been provided with so ample a supply of arena performances that the rush to that species of amusement may not be quite so headlong as it was last year Although the present programme is divested of the exciting elements of hippodrome contests and neck breaking hurdle races we may fairly say judging from Saturday nights performance, that the entertainment has lost nothing in real interest by the change The company, whether bipeds and quadrupeds, are all be efficient and so well practised in their various feels that every item however startlingly difficult to the spectator for the first time, he executed with unerring certainty and ease so that admiration is not displaced by alarm among the most timid of the spectators of the equestrians Mr George Shields who was warmly greeted on his reappearance, excited great applause by Ina daring bare- backed horsemanship whileMons A. Herbert's Equestrianism though perhaps of a less sensational character, was also very favourably received Mdlle Herbert was the only lady equestrian and her performance was up to the average riding of circus ladies though this is not meant for very high praise The trained horses have always formed one of the most successful features in Wilson's Circus and on Saturday night the entertainment would certainly have been shorn of a very large share of its interest if there had been absent either the beautiful Australian thoroughbred colt " Abdallah, the intelligent Arab " President," the man's horse ' Silva," or even the diminutive mule "Barney" Mr Omar Kingsley has brought the three former up to a point of education beyond which it is difficult to imagine horse flesh could go, and the ready manner in which they execute all their graceful acts adds greatly to the interest of the exhibition The heartiest daughter of the evening was caused by the decided aversion shown by "Barney to be backed by any youthful colonial and the rapidity with which a boy can alight from a mule when the latter doesn't want his company was very amply demonstrated The trapeze and horizontal bar performances of the Duvalli Brothers and Mr R Hutchins and the ground and lofty tumbling by Had j Hume and other members of the company were some of them exceptionally clover, and were correspondingly applauded Some rather sensational Specimens of swordsmanship were exhibited by Mr Borthwick Reid among them that of starting with a sword stroke perpendicularly an apple resting on a girl's open hand without injuring the latter, a difficult feat the successful execution of which excited great applause The general clowning was done by Mr Johnson, who would be more successful in his "funny" recitations if he articulated more distinctly Mr. Walter Airey appeared as clown in one scene, and made a decidedly favourable impression, his jokes and local hits having a freshness not usually met with among the Spangles and sawdust 