FATHER FA B I A is" ; / -The Monk ofMalham' Tower. ; \/'fM . . . . - .„ - : I . T..- CHAPTER XXXV —Continued. ;r, ''-.BETWEEN- THE AC.TS.. ..'Saving oome to this conclusion, 'Mr. Fabian begged to be excused, and returned forthwith to MblhanrTower. As he crossed the Heath, how ever,' he encountered Mr. Gerard Newcomb "taKinga solitary constitutional ; ne wouia nave bowed' and passed on, feeling thoroughly in disposed : for conversation, especially with the Usher, Who, for the last few days, had assumed a dictatorial air and tone singularly at variance With -his previous meek demeanour. But Mr. Newcomb had walked that way with intention ; he' knew -why Mr. Fabian was summoned to the Hall; - and he knew also — for he had pointedly asked the question — that there was great doubt as' to. the fact of the guardianship, which at one 'time had been a settled business, as those in head-quarters well knew. Fabian had said to! him that very morning, " I am no more guardian than you are. The will wbioh con- fided the heiress and her wealth to my care is 'burned long ago, you may depend upon it." Now Newcomb, meeting his superior, ad dressed him. ' " Well, is all lost or won ?" " Something is lost, and something may be won," replied Fabian, wearily. I had rather not talk about it at present. " Permit me to remind you that delays are dangerous, . perhaps fatal ! This 'is not the time to let the grass grow under our feet, and I have my own oraers, which must be obeyed. Those despatches must leave Malham ere to-morrow morning." Thus urged, Fabian, knowing there was no alternative, related what had transpired to Mr. Newcomb, who seemed rather relieved to find that some coign of vantage-ground was still left. To have the heiress. taken out of their han'ds . was a blow ; but it would have been far worse had Fabian's provisions be realised, and himself totally excluded. " I have not made up -my mind whether ! ishall act," said Fabian, at length, as the two paused in the cloisters. "Excuse me," said the other, "but I do not think you have any choice. You have somehow lost much that might so easily have been secured ; you cannot suppose the Church will be content, after so much waiting and expenditure, to let all 'slip out of her fingers — all for which she has striven, and for which so many sacrifices have been made. You will have to accept the- post, though I grant it will not be a pleasant -one, but beset with a thousand difficulties. Half a loaf, however, is better than no bread ; and a partial guardianship, though it does not include the personal custody of the heiress, is of far too much consequence to be rejected on any selfish grounds. Depend upon it. Father, you will not be permitted to withdraw front the compact! no, not an inch, nor for a single hour P' And' Fabian sighed as one whose burden iB too heavy, and upon whom the yoke presses sorely. He knew that - his companion was simply stating facts — and, what was wdrsp, facts of the stubbomest and sternest order:' - CHAPTER XXXVL ! "AKE WE IK THE RlOH'T?" . - There are swift hours in life— strong, rushing hours, > That do. tho work of tempests in their might I . They shake down things that stood as rocks and towers , , Unto the'undo'ubfihg mind ; they pour lnliglit Whore-it hut startles -like a burst of day" For. which the uprooting of an oak makes way; They sweep the coloring mist from' off our sight ; ; They touch with fire thought's graven page, the roll Stamped with past years— and lo ! it shrivels as'a scroll ! ' Then Fabian took counsel with Mrs, Darcy. He implicitly trusted her judgment, and' relied upon her fidelity towards himself ; she was the one person in all the' world in -whom he conld so trust, for to no one else dare he speak- unre servedly and out of his very heart, and no one else was 'acquainted, as -she was, 'with the true' history of bis six years' experience at Malham. ' He came down to her sitting-room that night as soon as he felt secure from interruption. Gerard Newcomb, who remained all the evening with him, had retired' to the cloister, and Fabian took good care to ascertain that the door; leading into the cloister gallery was safely locked and bolted. He was beginning to dread the soi-disant usher almost as much as shunted criminal dreads a detective, and the more so, because he did not know of the full extent of the power vested in the person of this man. He'had never, it is true, usurped any authority in the household, though he had from time to time - proposed alterations in the conduct of the school, and suggested one or two modifications in the ritual of the chapel, which, though osten sibly private, was always open to visitors. And tnese propositions aud suggestions were invariably on the side of prudence ; they were so wise, so palpably expedient, that Fabian could > do nothing else but yield assent and consent simultaneously. But now Newcomb Was taking a fresh tone ; still respectful in Word and look, he was beginning to act the Mentor in a way that terribly galled and fretted the harassed, heart-worn master of Malham Tower; Fabian felt that every senr tence,' every expression of liia was duly recorded; and as for -the " despatches ," which regularly came and ' went between Malham, London, and Rome, Fabian saw no more of them than did his' most inferior servants. Once on this score he remonstrated'; indeed, he demanded 'sight hi a certain document which he -knew to be recently arrived, and the contents of- which he thought he had a full right to know. But Gerard Newcomb, meekly folding hiB thin hands and lowering his eyes, replied gently, ' ' Dear Father, i am greatly grieved that I cannot comply whh. your request ; my instuctions are to let' the papers be seen by no one — by no one, without exception 1 They- are addressed to myself, dear Father, and ' I may not, must not, let other eye> than mine behold them." Then said Fabhn# -with a nervous tremor in tkti_ voice, "Which of ns is master, Newcomb ? Which of us bears tile here ? Am I not your superior ?" To which the usher, still with downcast eyes and saddest gaze upon the pavement, answered, " Dear. Father, no words of mine can express the reluotance with, which I appear to set at nought your rightful . authority. -But the Church ''commands, and I; -her humblest -vassal, must obey. She, in her Wisdom, chooses frequently to employ, the moBt unworthy, some times the most despicable, instruments to work her will ; it is in her service I am here, and if that service tries me sorely, if I, who yearn only to obey, am called to . command, then I have no alternative, I must as cheerfully as may be submit! But -lest you attribute to me a spirit of unseemly dictation, and a love of undue interference in that which concerns me not, I pray you read these few lines, with which I was furnished in oase of an emergency like the present. You know, I think, the seal and superscription - Yes ; Fabiaii knew them well/arid as he read an unwelcome light broke in upon him. That' which, till now, ne had only suspected, became a certainty ; he was; to all intents and pur poses, superseded that which was called in conclave "the Malham Mission" was chiefly, entrusted to "our faithful servant Claude Gerard Newcomb," and Claude Gerard Newcomb' it was who really and truly held the reins of power, though Fabian's feelings were so far spared that ne was still permitted to flaunt the regalia of authority: This little scene had occurred not many days before General Seaton's death, when it had become quite clear that Fabian had somehow blundered and fallen into disgrace with the magnate , of Seatondale. After that Fabian felt very much like a wild animal caught in a trap, or rather like a creature so loosely tethered that he seems to wander at his own free will, while in reality he can go to the extent of his chain :and not one inch beyond. He could go where he would, and do precisely as he chose, for choice of action to outward appearance was still his own. . But some invisible power was always about him ; some restraining influence was upon him; he was no more free than the prisoner on parole is free ; and when this question, of the guardianship arose, he had neither ' the liberty to decline nor to accept the Itrust ; and under the yoke— which , for the first time in his life he felt — he writhed in helpless misery, knowing how vain it was to struggle or to repine. Then he began to com prehend how heavy and how painful the bonds of Rome might be. It is one thing' to be the oppressor ana another to be the oppressed. It is one thing to be the cunning strategist and another to be the victim of foul conspiracy. It was this sort of thing,, with all its endless varia tions of thought ana feeling, that Fabian was slowly and painfully learning to understand. By degrees Fabian began to feel distrust of all about him. He was too familiar with the Bystem of espionage not to dread it, when it was to be exercised no longer in his| interests, but againBt them. For many a day he had been used to guard and fence his words, for years he had practised dissimulation, but now it was a case of Greek against Greek ; the war was no longer carried on in the enemy's country; it had become internecine, and the very tactics which he had practised himself were now brought to bear against him and his failing fortunes. So, in his misery, he betook himself to the one friend whom he believed would not betray him, Imping, to 'gain both comfort and counsel from this : woman .who was at once crafty and true,. relentless and yet devoted to himself. \- He found her knitting as usual, but ' she laid< Idown - her worsted and pins when' he entered her apartment, and, looking in his face, perceived how greatly he had been tried since he left her in the morning at the summons of Mr. Clifford's messenger. Without a word she drew a chair to the fare, which was warm and glowing ; she brought from a cupboard a small chest, from whence she took a cordial > medicine, and pro ceeded to administer it ; and then, and not till then, she asked qnietly, "Now, what is it?" " The old tale, the old tale, Athanasia !" he replied, wearily ;. " I will tell you all about it." As we know what Athanasia was told it is needless to repeat it. When Fabian ceased speaking, she sat looking steadily into the fire, as if pondering; that which she had heard. .'At length Bhe said, " Do I understand aright, must you either act with Mrs. Clifford and MissArm-. strong, or decline to act at all ?" . "That is precisely my position1! Had the General died two days earlier, or had Dr. -Red- mayne paid his visit two days later, -the old will wonld have stood unconditionally, and I shonld have been lord of Seatondale, and sole guardian of the child Beatrice. That will placed in my hands the fullest, the . most irresponsible authority. With English law on my side, 1 might have defied my enemies, and I could have made of the little heiress just what I pleased." ' "I am not So sure of that ! But it does not matter, for the position is entirely altered. Tell me, Fabian, what'is your own wish — would you, of your own free and unbiassed will, retire alto gether from the business, or remain in associa tion with the ladies, and execute justice as far as regards the Seatondale estates ?" "I would infinitely prefer to hold no office save that of private friend; for I am by no means certain that I can execute justice. I am no longer a free agent. No one knows that better than yourself, Athanasia." "1 do know it. How I hate that man, Gerard Newcomb ! and, what is worse,' I dread him as much as I hate him. How I detest his pretended humility and his veiled insolence, his assumed meekness and his covert malice L I could ourae -the day he set liis foot oh the threshold of Malham Tower." " So could 1. I have felt lately, Athanasia, as if I could r>val Job' in cursing the day, on which I was born. But cursiDg is an useless expenditure of one's breath. If I cursed all my enemies continually, nothing would be gained; -I am tired: of idle words, tired of mere outward seeming, tired of vain pretences. I am so tired that I feel at last as if I could be con tent if only I might give up the conflict, and leave others to till the soil which I have found so stubborn and unfruitful. No, I will not be his child's guardian, if I can help it..< And I can help it — one word,- and those women, who bate and distrust me, as you and I hate and dis trust Newcomb, will hold me discharged from all association with the Seatondale affairs. They are impatiently waiting for me to refuse to be their coadjutor, and who is to blame them ? I have only to. retire from the scene, and some one else will take my place." "Some one who has not at heart the interests of our holy religion, I fear." "The 'some 6ne' wonld be a Protestant, doubtless. Probably, the Duke of Aldinghame, or perhaps Dr. Redmayne. Let the worst come to the Worst, thfere is always the Lord Chancellor to fall back Upon'.' Where there are no dis putes, a ward in Chancery is in tolerably good case. One thing is settled positively. Beatrice will be brought up by Mrs. Clifford and Miss Armstrong; arid- as they are neither of them fools, and as they' hold the Catholic religion in abhorence, they will certainly make of her just what they will ;— and their will ? — well, we know pretty cleai-y what that is!' The child will grow up a staunch Protestant, and Bhe will be' carefully' educated in the principles of the Reformed faith." /' " It seems to me, Fabian, that yon are not free in this matter to1 act as you choose." ' "Am I free in any instance? Am I free to do anything except rush to my own ruin and /disgrace ? ' Don't you see, Athanasia, that ' I am between Scylla and Charybdis, and they who 'ate treading me down know it right well ? _ If I refuse this co-guardianship oh my responsibility, I ' am at once denounced 'as traitorous and contumacious, and punishment will follow ; if oh' the other hand, I except a work Which cannbt he productive of success to our own party, 'and if I fail of securing the object to be at any price attained, I am equally ruined and disgraced. I wish I had never seen 'this luckless Malham. The whole place seemed ready moulded to one's hand when I first came here with Aubrey Seaton six years ago last April and now !" . "Now all seems lost ; but take courage, and remember that it is a long lane which has no turning. The datkest hour is that which pre- eeeds the dawn. My ad vice to you is, hold on like grim death to 'that which you still can grasp. You are in England and under English law, and your dealings are chiefly with English people | if it were othewise there woiila. be right little chance for you. If you were in Italy, yon Wonld never again be seen outside the waUs of a monastery. " So loiig as you stay bn'British'soil, on cannot, without the direst treachery, be crushed. Only look well to your self, and truBt not Damiano Ife is other than beseems: " I have long thought so ; I am not sure that much of this trouble is not to be traced to his door. I will dismiss him ; that will be the safest plan." ' ' If you do, he will simply transfer his ser vices openly to Gerard Newcomb, and you will gain'nothing. Take my advice, and refrain from provoking Damiano ; be on your guard against him, let him know nothing of your purpose, whatever it may be ; but do not let him see that yon distrust him. Attempt neither conciliation nor retaliation ; jour only safety lies in a perfectly neutral coarse as regards this man. Hear all he has to say, and keep silence ; consult him occasionally if yon like, bat when he ad vises yon to go to the right, go you to theleft ; and if he counsels that you go forward, at once stand still, and, if possible, retrace yonr steps I When is the General to be buried ?" "On /Christmas-eve. Before that day my mind muBt be made up. " /"'It will require no making-up, yon will, simply ha ve to receive instructions. Fabian ! ' my advice to yon at this moment is, accept the situation in which you find yourself ; oner no resistance for it would be unavailing ; pulling againBt a complex knot only makes it the stronger. In quietness and confidence shall be your strength. We are only two— you and I ; bat, with right on our side, we may yet wih the day. ." Have we indeed right on our side ? Is God with us?" And, as Fabian spoke/his face was blanched to the lips, and his voice sank into an unsteady whisper. Athanasia dropped her knitting, and gazed at him with alarm. " My podr.'boy," she said, tenderly stroking his hand, "they have worried and baited you, and lied against you, till you are half bewildered. Of . course, we are in the right, we have done our. best, and the whole seminary of Jesuits could not have done more ; the only fault with which I can charge you or myself is having placed Sister Augustine in too responsible a situation. She has craft, but hot tact ; she cannot separate her own interests from those of religion ; ait reste, she is of a sour, tart, waspish temperament, which does not improve with years. We made a mistake in placing her with the heiress, I con fess ; she could not read the signs of the timeB, and she went too far and too fast, and in be tray icg herself betrayed us also. And who could have foreseen the course Mrs. Clifford took so suddenly? who could have anticipated the advent of a highly educated, wide-awake ' young woman like Miss Armstrong ? We owe her a grudge, I think." "By no means! She was. guiltless as Beatrice herself of Mademoiselle's dismissal ; she had no more to do with it than I on the other side of the Alps had. She wanted a situation, and the General required a superior governess for his daughter. Setting aside the difficulties which her presence has occasioned, .and the fact of her being a very pronounced heretic, there is nothing to be said." . "And she has not the smallest sympathy with the Anglican movement ?" " Not the least ! She recognises It for what it really is, — an attempt to bringback England and the English Church to their ancient fealty to our Holy Father, the Pope, to bring about by ciunmng strategy what can never in any other way be effected. ' But, Athanasia ! it is of our own policy that I am doubtful. Are fraud and cunning the weapons wherewith we should fight our Church's battles ? Are we , not impostors — rank impostors ? And is it not because our imposture has not perfectly succeeded that we are at this moment in so much difficulty? Would not a fair fight in an open field be, at least, a nobler and more honourable mode of warfare"?" " With that we have nothing to do? we are not responsible for sins committed at the bidding of onr superiors, who, if we do wrong, will at once grant us full absolution. We are sworn to the Church, and the Church, as represented- by those who bear rule in -high places, has our salvation in charge. We have only to obey. Though at the same time observe, I do not think wo ought to yield to the machinations of those who have conceived against us this monstrous spite, and who con spire our ruin." " Will God absolve us if we break Hi commandments?". / "Fabian, you terrify me./ Suppose any other person heard you speaking in this strain ! God is to be obeyed through His Church, who alone interprets His commandments aright. You have no more liberty to dispute the decrees of Holy Church, or to question the policy of his Eminence, than a poor unlettered peasant, has to cavil at the assertions of his priest, or -a child .to sit in judgment. on -his parent." After all,: Fabian gained very little comfort from Athanasia, though she- did her best -to console and to advise him. She loved Fabian dearly as if he had been her son for in this strange woman the maternal element , was strongly developed; and she hated Gerard Newcomb with a hatred as deadly as.it was undeclared. In his presence she scrupnlonsly refrained from the smallest) show of devotion to Fabian, and she treated Gerard with courtesy, though with a certain coolness, which might well pass for natural manner in one long accustomed to convent life and rule. When, Fabian awoke next morning a strong desire possessed him to go alone . to the Hall, , and gaze once more upon the face of him who had been for so long as father, friend, and' brother. After the morning service he slipped out into a little wood near at hand, instead of returning, as was his wont, to the Tower. He did not wish to be observed, for he felt sure that if he were seen taking the beaten , path which led to Seaton Hallhe wouldquiekly .be followed by Newcomb, and be longed with a vehement wild longing to escape the companion ship, and even the .presence, of this hateful man, who hang upon his words, he knew, only to betray him. It was a dreary December morning, the air laden with sea-fog and mountain mist, and. the herbage dank with moisture. Nevertheless, he. pursued his way through the long withered' grass and the rough, dripping undergrowth of the wood, rather than run the risk of undesirable attendance. It was a relief when at length he came out upon the open heath, and saw that he was alone, and/as far as lie could see through the vaporous atmosphere, no one on his track. Then he quickened , his pace, and was soon in the park, and within Sight of the closed windows of the Hall. He entered the house by one of the old familiar ways which he had learned in those days when he was free to come and go as one of the family, and the first person he met was Mrs. Jeliffe, with her arms full of black merino. "Dear me, Mr. Fabian 1" she exclaimed, " what a turn you did give me ! What with all the blinds down, and the shatters - up in the best rooms, and all this black about, and poor, dear master lying dead upstairs, I'm as nervous as a cat ! And yon're looking Uke a ghost yourself, sir. Won't yon sit down and take a glass of wine in my room, as you've often' done before?" ' " Thank you," replied Fabian, almost eagerly, feeling that he was succumbing to a strange in ternal sinking' and a carious sense of weakness, which made him feel as if his legs were not. quite at his own disposal. " Thank you, Mrs. Jeliffe, I could hot take any breakfast this morning, and I . slept ill, and the morning is so ' raw aha cold. Ana then I am not myself. It ' deeply- grieves me that my dear friend passed/ away without my bidding him a last farewell. If I had only guessed how near the end was !" " We none of us. guessed it, sir, though we ' knew it could not be far off. Still, it was very sudden at the last. Bat he was a good man, onr honoured master, and he has entered into his rest. There, sit down by the fire, Mr. Fabian,' and you shall have a toast and a good drink of mulled wine- in five minutes." The house was still as death ; only the wind howled mournfully . through the long passages while Fabian took his refreshment. When he had finished he said to Mrs. Jeliffe, " Can I go upstairs ? You know what I mean ? I must see him again ; I must look on his face once more before the coffin-lid closes on it." " I'll speak to Mr. Viner ; I could not unlock that room door on my own responsibility, sir," replied' the housekeeper, with a canons sort of . \- hesitation ; and Bhe hastened away to Mr. 1 Viner's pantry. Mr. Viner also was rather doubtful ; but at last he said, "I don't see why ' he should not, if he wants to. They icere ' friends, the poor master and he — there's no denying it ; and I think poor master would not like us to Bay him ' nay.' He can't do any sort ; of harm ; there are seals on all the places where ' any papers be, and the -will and the codicil me and Mr. Redmayne witnessed on Tuesday is safe in Mr. Threlkeld's keeping. I don't see why he should not go upstairs, if it would be any comfort to him. He seemed to take it to . heart sadly yesterday." "That he did, for he never touohed bit or drop. Of course, he'll want-to be alone?" , " Of course ; and we could not set ourselves to watch him; besides, there's no reason. Let him have his wish, Mrs. Jeliffe; I'm sorry for . him, that I am." So Mrs. Jeliffe went back to the room where Fabian was sadly waiting, and, stepping on tip toe, and. speaking in a whisper, she bade him follow her, saying, " We'll go by the back stairs, please, sir, lest we should meet Miss Seaton; she's just got pretty quiet and com posed, poor little dear, and the sight of you would be safe to set her off again." Fabian gladly consented ; he shrank from seeing the child, and from seeing Edith also. He only wanted to be alone for a brief space - with all that remained of the friend who had trusted him,' and whom he had from first to last : shamefully deceived. Along the well-known, corridor he followed Mrs. Jeliffe, till she took a key from her -pooket and opened the door of the General's room; Another moment and it was shut again, and he was alone with the dead. . ( To , be continued. ) ".What's the meaning of malapropos ?" asked a little: girl of her mother. " It means out of place, my dear." A moment after a governess who had'recently lost her situation called, and the child exclaimed, " Oh, you are malapropos !' 