i m r a r . MOSES REFUTED. THE subjoined ludicrous produotiou, from the New York Timet, is one of the best burlofquea on the " scientific method" that have come under our notice. The hit at geologists who construct elaborate theories on exceed, ingly frail cuppositions might well be extended to some learned professors in other branches of ecience, who have reared wonderful but unsubstantial fabrics of apparent faot solely from the " scientific (?) uses of their imaginations." "A new and violent blow has just been struck at the Mosaic accsunt of creation by the discovery of an extremely important fossil in a coffee sack at Baltimore- In the centre of this sack was found the Bkull of a monkey. There can be no doubt as to the facta. The coffeo was of the variety called Rio, and the skull was perfectly preserved. Let us dwell for a little upon the meaning of this discovery as interpreted by the principles of geology. The coffee sack was twelve (say twelve and a half) inches in diameter, and four feet in height. The skull, which lay in the middle of it, was, therefore, two feet below the surface. To suppose that it was violendy forced into the sack, after the latter was full, would be eminently unsoientific. No one imagines that the foBsil birds of the Old Red Sandstone dug down into that locality through the superincumbent strata. Nothiug is more universally conceded than that fossils are always found where they belong. The animals whose remains we find in the rooks of the paleozoic, the meso- Gothic, and the Syro Phoenician strata, belong respectively to tbosa several systems. The fossil monkey skull was, therefore, deposited in the ooffee sack when the latter was half full, and the two feet of coffee which rested upon it was a subsequent deposit. Now, it follows from this premise -that monkeys existed during the early part of the Bio coffee period. It is the opinion of most geologists that.the llio ooffee period suooeeded the tertiary period, and immediately preceded the present period. Now, no tertiary monkeys have yet baeu found; but the Baltimore discovery shows that monkeys existed^ as early as the middle of the Eio coffee period, a date far earlier than any whioh has hitherto been assigned to them. " We are now in a position to inquire what is the leas t period of time which must have elapsed since the skull of the Baltimore monkey was the property of a live and aotive simian. The answer to this question must be sought by ascertaining the rate at which coffee is deposited. It is the opinion of Mr. Huxley, based upon a long and careful examination of over: three hundred garbage boxes, that coffee is deposited in a ground 'condition at the rate of an inch in a thousand oenturiea, but < the deposition of unground coffee is almost infinitely slower. He has placed bags, ooffee-mills, and other receptacles in secluded places, and left them for months at a time, without finding the slightest traoes ,of coffee in them. Although Huxley does not hazard a guess at the rate of deposition of unground Rio coffee, Professor Tyndall does not hesitate to say that it is at least as Blow as the rate of deposition of tomato cans. Let us suppose, as we are abundantly justified in doing, that 30,000,000 of years would be required to bring about the deposition of a stratum of tomato oana, one foot thiok, all over the surface of the globe,an equally long peripd must certainly have elapsed while a foot of underground coffee was accumulating over the Bkull of the Baltimore monkey. . We thus aBoertain that the-monkey in; question yielded np hii particular variety of ghosts and became a foBsil fully 30,000,000 of years ago. Probably even this enormous period of lime is much less than the aotual period which haB elapsed since that monkey's decease ; and we may consider ourselves' safe in assigning to his ill the age of 60,000,000 years;'besides a' ;: • odd months. ' ' ' In the light: of this amazing revelation, it beoomeaof Moses and his: (1000 years? » will hardly eseape notioe that he nowhere • mentions Bio ooffee. Obviously, this omission is dus to the fact that 4ie.-kne> nothing of it. But If he was' unacquainted with .one ;of the most reoent formations, how can wei Buppose that-he knew anything about the elder rocks —the metamorphio and storeosobplo stratasl And yat it iithis man, ignorant of the plainest facts of geology, and of its very simplesi atrata, who, boldly assumes to tell us all about the ereation 1" - '' ••' •', , 