\- thq (I'oloimade. (by "nutcracker.") .. ; — a 1-A — - Be-jusfc-arid fear not : Let all the ends thou aim'st at be thy country's, Thy God's, and truth's. r' 1 " ' . — shakespeark. lAJt deeply indebted for the influential-requisi- tion which appeared in the Guardian of Satur day last, inviting me to stand for the electorate of' .Tenterfield, .and' inuoh regret1 that my -well - known- -modesty at present- .debars nie from seeking tlie suffrages of the'electors. Perhaps at some future .time,, when tlie people-tire of their new. idol and require a cbang-e, I inay be induced to try my luck, when, if elected, L shall' not forget my -old sweetheart Betsy; whose blarney, hs conveyed in -the requisition, referred 'to, ft quite- overpowering. In. addition to a railway to Grafton, I -should, call upon my woktliy friend; tiie Colonial Treasurer, totishell hut and1 build a museum- in Glen .Innes, yhereftpiderS-ahd other insects might he placed.1- oi»'view ;vand here a clnmce would be afforded Betsy to- apply for the situation of .housemaid, shebeing -so intimately acquainted! witft.- cobwebs. If-iny -well-known . modesty (lid Wot- interfere, I' should Hke-also"to , asl$ the." appointment, of- Inspeotor ftf "Dis tilleries for- my -friend Whose ; ''blarney" is so bawitehingf whether on a -platform,, before a bench, -or behind -a. bar,- or even.: whilst assisting Betsy to draw, up requisitions; As Mr. -Dillon's election has proved that long-winded expositions through the press are quite unnecessary,- 1 shall not at present proceed with an' explanation .of my- political opinions, such; as I have expressed . being amply sufficient- to place me at the head ' of the poll; whenever ! choose to enter the field as a candidate for parliamentary horrors. < 1 .. 1--'" Apropos of the election; I hope Mr. Dillon will move for the speedy erection- of a lunatic nsyluni'-at Biyerell;.5 Th'd'-unfortunate creatures resident at that'placefappftar. to. uaVe laboured under the delusion that 'a' lo.ctil candidate' would staiid a ghost'of a'ch'ance of being elected for 'Tenterfield. No matter if invereH boasted, a : ; thousand little strong-arms, or that Murray was. glftfed' with all the learning and wisdom of Socrates, it would be. simply madness for him ; to expect to- find the philosopher's stone of a iseat.'in. Parliament, to represent an electorate, thef1 principal towns of which are divided and . interests'diametrically opposed one to another.. : To . what a: pitch of folly did the Inverell local ' nian attain when he essayed to repeat-his cate-" ichism .4<?y.a: GJen. (nncs ' ftftdience, without the faintest idea;- iof v even, the elementary parts of speech.v Where- was the prompter ?, ' Certainly Mr. Mull-again tried to put a few words into the candidate's; mouth V'but, alas,' to what pur pose? -The Bcene reminded" lhe of one which occurred in my native" Scotia, though 'the prin cipal actor therein differed from Mr. Murray in respect to attending to the prompter. The pro vost (a gentleman who occupies in Scotland the same position as our Mayor)-. bad- to -address a certain king who was paying a visit -to the"; town, but being a very poor speaker, life asked the town clerk to prompt him. ' --.The ; sight of royalty, drove all the provost's ideas;' ; ; such as they were, into his boots, and he1 stood- : very much in the same painful position as poor' ; Murray. The town clerk, however, -in ord.fef, ; to; -Te-aSsure him, whispered " Hold u-p your. , head and Ijook like a man." Much £o ' thfe? as-s . tonishmeht 'no doubt of the king, clerk, i and ; everybody' felfee, the worthy .provost foated out' to. the king, Hold up your he-id ahd look like a man !" Horrified at the'- plnovost addressing his majesty in such familiar terms, - the clerk whispered again, "You d — -d fool,.. you'll have '3"our head cut off!" Out roared the provost to the king, " You d — d fool, you'll have your ' head cut off !" After this , the town clerk sub sided, and the remainder of the address 'drowned1 in the hearty laughter of the-kifjgjjnd all his subjects. --'wS- i. . The other riiglit I was awakened from the sleep of the just hy most unearthly sounds, and for a few>- minutes was under the impression that the Rist'- tmmp lind; indeed sounded, and the end of -alj'r thhigs. - had. coine. Thife belief, was strengthe'ned' hy rf shriek wtiiclx l tSpoht' could only proceed from a disembodied spirit, accompanied with fcries of " Emanuel ! Eman uel !" Inwardly congratulating myself upon having lived long enough to beho'id the long- prayed for inillenium, and looking forward to taking my proper position in the world as a Rothschild of unbounded wealth, I hastily arose and sallied forth to meet Emanuel, when at; one fell blow my dreams of the future were shattered to fragments by the vision which met my gaze. What did I see ? Why only a " drunk and disorderly" spirit of evil, being marshalled to- Hades by the archangel Dorehill. A com monplace kind of man, with as much heavenly beauty about him as on -inhabitant of these regions might be expected to possess, was the Emanuel of my waking moments. 