GREAT BRITAIN. CARDINAL MANNING ON THE FAITH OP IRELAND. In his eloquent sermon at the celebrationof the Golden Jubilee of St. Patrick's Church, Liverpool, His Eminence Cardinal Manning said :—" Perhaps some one would ask, ' Why should we keep the jubilee of St. Patrick's Church ?' Is there anything strange or singular in a church fifty years old ? They who know the undying life of the Catholic Church know that there is nothing strange in a Catholic altar or a Catholic church living for fifty year3. Nevertheless, there are reasons distinct and strong why we should pray and celebrate with great rejoicing the Jubilee of St. Patrick's, in LiverpooL It was opened and dedicated fifty years ago—years while the penal laws were even then on the statute books of England. ^ There were then laws against the Catholic-.Church and faith still in-vigor, and the ^remnants of the most refined and (cruel legislation the world has everaeen, >save only 'Ireland: 1 That supplied 6ne ;rea3ori '. which cannever rRturn. It is also thfe first -jubilee since the cancelling and ' blotting' oat from -the statute iidoks -of the lawir'-igl our ; connteyof^hosei laqawgaifofr thai holy faith of Jesus Christ. Now we have liberty spreading on every side. Twenty-five years ago the Church in England, which till then had no hierarchy, no diocesan, no internal jurisdiction, no apostolic authority, received once more that full and perfect order of the church -with all the plenitude of apostolic authority which Jesus gave to Peter, and which passed from Peter to the Apostles, whose successors our Bishops are. Ireland has never lost her faith. She has never wavered or faltered through all manner of persecutions. With the Divine assistance coming from the Holy Ghost, the people of Ireland have remained faithful to Jesus, their Lord, and to his Vicar on earth in his world-wide Church. St. Patrick's is an inheritance which has never been cut off, and though he was no prophet, he made bold to say never would be. For his inheritance is not seen in Ireland alone, bat through the world-wide Church of God. In the great new world of Australia, on the continent of America, and scattered through the East, the sons of St. Patrick, pastor and priests, spring from his ordination, spread the Church of God, and [gather souls into salvation. There is no family or progeny in all the Church of Grod so great as that which sprang from St. Patrick. That one sole apostle of the nation has at this day an inheritance in the Catholic Church which is not exceeded, nay, he would say, equalled by any other apostle of the nations. St. Agustine was indeed the Apostle of England, but wherfi is the inheritance of the first Archbishop of Canterbury ? Patrick, the first archbishop and primate of Irel&nd;, has his inheritance full and undiminished, multiplied and expanded throughout the world at this hour. In the great Council of the Vatican, when the Catholic Church met together by representative, there was no one saint or apostle, save only those saints or apostles who had laid the Church in the beginning, who had in that august council, that synod of the intellect of the Church, 'so many mitred sons as the Apostle of Ireland. This is the reward which God, in His generosity, gave to them who served Him in the law of liberty. The names inscribed on the walls of the Church showed that the children of St. Patrick would never forget, living or dying, the priesthood. Here, around him, he could see tfie names of those who laid down their lives by the fever-stricken bed, and went like Boldiers of Jesus Christ to fill up the vacant gap. There is no people throughout the world so united to their pastore, 80 ready to be the helper, the friend, the brother, even the defender of the priest, as is the Irishman. He would say to them: Pray God to make them understand the lajnr of liberty. He would not say be faithful to the creed which St. Patrick gave, for where is the Irishman, who is unfaithful P Even while he is acting contrary to the law of God^and giving scaudal to himself and his neighbour, he holds his faith as the most precious of all inheritances. There was no apostle of the nation whose life was more marked by constant penitential exercises than St. Patrick. He denied himself in order that he might be a true servant of Jesus Christ. Therefore, for the glory and the sake of God, and His blessed Mother, and for the honour and the glory of St. Patrick, practise your religion, and let the world see by the light of your livea, and by the generosity of your actions, that you are a true descendant of the great apostle. For by our hearts we shall be judged by our Divine Master when we stand before Him." 