A HARMLESS BUGBEAR. 'IT IS strange that so paternal a Government as that of this colony does not satisfy the people. For the last six or seven and forty years we have been favored with men as Governors whose whole and sole desire has been the welfare of the colony and its inhabitants. With an abnegation of self perfectly astonishing, all their thoughts and all their ''actions have arisen from the purest wishes for the comfort, the happiness, and well-being of that portion of Her -Majesty's subjects living in this benighted province. Yet those subjects are not satisfied with this paternal regard. They long to throw off their leading strings. They are anxious to have a voice, and take a share in what concerns themselves more than it does the Governor, the Colonial Secretary, or any other universal ? genius Downing Street may have to provide for. Nor is this to be wonder d 'at. Indeed, the only wonder is that such systems of government as from time to time, have been granted to them, have been submitted to by a community claiming Syrett Britain for their country, and who in any other portion of the empire possessing an equal proportion of the Anglo-Saxon race in its population, would participate in those rights and privileges which centuries of struggle Ji'ave confirmed as the birthright of Britons. We are now told that we may not enjoy this privilege without a sacrifice. The 5 to r^atewed'withdrawal of the Imperial migrant towards the maintenance of our 'magistracy and! police is the bogie that is '¿Wub'tQ SU UVWM alarm, and to make; a ;-: ling faster than ever to the maternal apron strings. We hope the colonists have not made of such poor stuff as to retreat at the sight of such a very harm- less ghost as that which, so far, seems "only to have made itself visible to Mr. STEERE. IS there, in reality, any likelihood of the immediate and entire withdrawal of the grant in aid were the colony to adopt a system of self-govern- ment to-morrow ? We think not. We believe that no part of the civil expenses of the colony are, or can be, justly con sidered as being defrayed by special parliamentary grant is to the colony. It is true that a certain yearly sum is received from the Imperial Government in aid of expenses incurred in consequence of the existence there of an Imperial Convict Establish- a ment. But i i paid out of a fund voted by the British Parliament for convict purposes generally, distributed in the various penal settlements of the British Government at home and abroad. It is participated in by other colonies possessing a free Legislature Tasmania, for in- stance which receives annually a con- I 'riUition in aid of its police service, in consequence of the increased expenditure , entailed by the remains of the former I convict establishment there The two thirds of the police force stationed here, and several of the magistrates are rendered necessary solely by the convict service, which is an Imperial institution. The remaining third of the police and the other magistrates are required by the colony itself, and, under any circumstances, will have to be paid out of its revenue. We cannot justly be called upon to pay more. JOHN BULL may threaten and growl, but we cannot bring ourselves to think that he is so lost to even sense of justice and fair play as to repudiate an honest claim. 