Turkish. Misrule- j IT was the proud boast of one of that i the early Moslem conquerors here his the grass ceased to grow horses hoofs had trod. This boast is something more than n figure of speech ; it may be said to be a literal reality, wherever the Turkish hordes ! have wandered or settled, the soil ceases to yield its increase. For the Turk, dog in the manger like, will neither develop the resources of a country himself nor allow others to do so. His rule is one of mere gratuitious tyranny. Austria in Italy, and Russia in Poland might mercilessly crush disodedience, but the^e they would stop. They were not known to be needlessly cruel. But the Turk indulges in pillage, murder and rape, without even the shadow of provocation. It is his daily pastime. Feeble attempts at insureciion such ;is a few years ago occurred in the Lebanon Valleys, and Crete, and lately in Bulgaria, were followed by wholesale massacres, gigamic crimes which roused the indignation of the civilized world ; these things only the f'iends of Turkey among ourselves allow to have been atrocities. But they take no note of the accounts of tiaveliers, and of the correspondents for the London press which treat of the dull aod dreary despotism, continued through the ages, which crushes all soul and spirit out of the unhappy people. The apologists for the Turk hear not the sound of his millstone, whose grinding never waxes low. Tbe calamities attandant onsomemonths o: war are nothing compa'-edto the consuming blight which of sits for centuries on some the fairest realms of the globe. For it is not as if the Turkish Empire was chiefly made up of second or third rate territory. It is beyond all comparison the most magnificent kingdom in the world. Its historic renown alone would ensuie it the first place in the regards of Christendom—for who can think of Syria, and the valleys of the Nile and the Euphrates, and tbe beauteous iles of the Levant, without emotion] But in addition to that there are large portions of Turkey, both in Europe and Asia, of unrivalled fertility. It is melancholy and tantalizing to think that mankind should be deprived of such a rich heritage, and that England should uphold this deprivation. A recent writer in Blackwood thus brings in n ) describing a tour through the splendid Island of Crete, a terrible indictment against Turkish rule. " Wherever we went in the country—whether oa the hill tops among the villages, or on the plains ' among the olive groves, however beautiful the land through which we rode, a sense of silence and of desolation oppressed us. Everywhere are the ruins of farms ; the villages are thinly peopled j one hears no mariner ot voices, no laughter o*- shouts of children. The few peasants who are seen wander about listlessly, like ghosts among deserted halls. Insensibly the silent Elysian fields present themselves before our mind. For the waves of strife and battle hat have passed over this beauteous sle have swept awaj the flower of ll its manhood, and the remnant that rs left is l.eld in check by armed men. For nearly seven centuries Crete lias been ruled bj force." And yet this is the state of things which the fleets aud armies of England are to be sent to perpetuate. But the miseries of the population of the Turkish islands and provinces are forgotten in the blind hatred many of our countrymen evince towards Russia. They must have some hereditary foe to Irate ; and Russia now holds the position to their minds which was formerly held by France. Certainly there is not much to admire in Russia, so far as her career h-^s yet run. But there are two or three facts which go far to refute the imputations of perfidy and selfishness c;ist upon the rulers of Russia. J11 the first place, the war she is now waging is a national war—its motive power is not the ambition of lier rulers, but the rail of the people. The Czar in this instance, despot though he is, is a mere instrument in the hands of his 80,000,000 of subjects. The supposed designs of Russia have always been associated with her rulers. Her rulers, it is admitted on all liands^ are now for peace at almost any price, and they ;ire borne onward i by a. wave they cannot resist or buffet, When a people goes to war it beJ?eves I at the time at least, that the cause is a righteous one. In the second place, Russia frankly offered {.q i cooperate with England in putting a | a ! pressure upon the Turkish government j as the logical outcome of the Stamboul conference. Russia, no more than the party in England headed by Mr. Gladstone, could seo the wisc'om of of the united powers of En 1 ope meetto bark at the Ottoman where they were afraid to bite. If it was a forgone conclusion with her to have Constantinople all to herself, this offer of co-operation would have been infatuated inconsistency. To cast aspersions upon Russia, even if deserved, does not touch the core of the great Eastern Question, the ques_ tion is, Is it righteous or politic for England to uphold the Turk 1 