SELECTED POETRY. THE OLD MILL. At the foot of a bank with its pond spreading wide The will-gable rose from the sliaae : When the wheels were let loose how the echoes flew out To the music the broad buckets made ! The pond broke in furrows the lilies they danced, The lilies that grew by the flume i The bubbles, the ripples how gaily and blight They shot their white light in the blooui. The pond was a crystaline picture of bank, Tree-bloBeow, and islet of green ; How glossy its surface when lying in sleep i When roused what a chaos was seen : The bank broke apart, the trees crookedly bent, The blossom in wavelets was lost; And the islet that looked like an emerald—dark And blurred, into fragments was tossed. But then, when the sun down lay level and soft, And the mill ceased to rumble and roar, The water-rat cut his slight wedge as he skimmed From his den in the ooze of the shore. With his bright burnished oars,Bhot the wildduck along; The snipe tripped and dipped at the edge: Where the moose-heads rose purple, the pickerel glanced; And the gem-eyed frog croaked from ike sedge. And the mill was another live picture, a web Of rafters and pillars and straps: Full of nooks aud white angles and avenues dim, And bins with the grain in their laps. Those bins and their grain ! some piled yellow with corn, Brown with buckwheat, and pearly with wheat; And the sacks ranged in TOWS and piled high up in hills, Now a line, a blind alley, a street. A dangle and tangle of cobwebs hung o'er Or stretched like grey maps on the wall; Here glazing a corner, there filming a nook, Here spread in an indistinct scrawl. A gilding of straps all about, and warm scent Of the meal in the air thick and gray, With the wasps buzzing deep in the dim dusty panes, And the birds around darting astray. And the miller, a figure of mezzotints, now Lifting sacks, and now bent o'er a bin ; A ghost now in meal mist, now fringed round light From the sun hazes streaking within, And his men in perspective, massed atoms of white, Less human resemblance they wore As they glimmered by backgrounds, or shoveled the grain, Thau spectres chalked out on the floor. The picture is changed, the old mill is away ? A busy road passes the scene. Roofs, meadows and grain-fields encircle the pond The forest once zoned with its green. As I traverse the spot, youth agaiu is my own ; On my heart light and shadow are cast, Halfgloom and ball'gladness—the chequer of hues 