[?] 3S IHB ABIEOB OP VHEANK ITAJUJSIGH,' -^f:tii#;wfes-1^#stogB, Btraftge siiihiner -we oaJSfiedifewH Alfd 'jjSt *Kfif I -»k «?lnriy 1°-* %a& 'iigcm. I-it, .tit^ES . ?srere^.'manjr%liappy Sioiirs, bright,eonHylrttle bits, to- 6et. against tho dcop ' eoadowa.Gf such .a life as. mine, times when I enjoyed the privfljege of -your- friendship, before ' -andbfflejRrjrKce^aMa&i-;'liefoiie 1 forfeited that anil ev;erything, everriny self-respect, by niy ''tiwii-iibff'rotij.r.' ' ' . She pto6e-Mrfcerno'tion, and her companion re . Dlifea'in-iaSad^rikjnagnM— , ... ? 1Why disfiess soaireeljESjy.jevivjng a disagrees1 al)leieminiscencef'(asheiused tlie word a slight shudder seemed to convulse her, anda'lookof pain, butuotthe jlain of contrition, -flitted across her handsome features)— ' an-affair which I have, as I ? promised you, practically forgotten, -which. I should uever again have entered upon' wife you*, and'in regard to ?which ray lips are sealed to every other living creature/ 'You are kind and generous-hearted, as you ever were,', 'was the rejoinder, ' but I cannot forget so readily ' — here she paused, sighed deeply, then sontinued — ' I aniso~glad to have had this— this lonversation with you ; your manner has1 been so told and stern, I was afraid you had repented of your promise tiiat if we ever met agaia it should be as friends' ''Well, you see' returned Harry, iu an embar rassed tone, ' you see circumstances have changed with me since the time to which you refer ; and I thought— in fact, you yourself said in that note it would be better— I assure you I meant nothing un ? kind, -why should I ? as long as you ? ' and here, having been on the point of ' putting his foot in it,' as he mentally paraphrased his colloquial etourdenc, Harry paused in confusion, actually Mushing in his generous fear of ?wounding his companion's feelings. Having relieved his em barrassment by giving'that unforfcnnate scapegoat, the white-nosed horse, one more for himself, he resumed — 'And now let me ask you whether you approve of the wife I have chosen ?' Harry-made this inquiry, not because he felt particularly anxious to learn Arabella's opinion of Alice, but because he wanted to say something, and this was the first idea which occurred to him, thus the moment he had spoken he wished the speech unsaid. Hiss Crofton hesitated for a moment ere she replied, in a slightly constrained tone of voice — * Your choice does your taste credit ; for, in her etyJe, Mrs.Coverdale is singularly pretty, nud 1 cau imagine her very attractive — when she pleases.' ' You speak as if she bad not pleased, iu your case,' rejoined Harry, smiling at the unmistakable emphasis with which the concluding words bad been spoken. Hiss Crofton smiled also ; then, with a melancholy expression, she replied — ' Ei my anomalous position in life, I am too well accustomed to slights to feel a moment's annoy ance at such trifles.' ' But it annoys me though,' returned Coverdale, firing up witb. the indignation all generous natures f eel at the idea of indignity being offered to any one in a dependent situation. ' 1 am surprised at such -want of right feeling, or even common courtesy, in Alice ! She cannot be aware of the impression her manner has made on you. I shall speak to her about it.' ' Do not think of such a thing !' exclaimed Arabella, hastily ; ' it'was folly in me to mention it ;' — she fixed her eyes on his face, and reading there that his resolution was unchanged, she laid her hand gently on his ami, and continued. ' Listen, and I willtell you the whole truth : womanly in stinct, I suppose, made your wife dislike me from the first moment she was introduced to me. 1 have tried in vain to conquer her dislike, and we now, liy a sort of tacit consent, avoid each other; were you to interfere in my behalf, it would be of no avail ; on the contrary, it would increase tho evil, and, pardon my saying, might lead'to a disagree ment between you ; for, 1 maybe mistaken, but I Jiave fancied. Jlrs. Coverdale appears a little im patient of control sometimes — 1 hope i am mis taken.' i She waited for a reply; but Harry, not being able to deny the charge, and not choosing to assent ?fajt, remained silent, nnd she, rightly interpret ing^ lis reserve, continued — ' IiTtiiat case, I implore you, do not dream of advocating my cause. Were I to be the occasion of any difference between you, it would lender me most unhappy.' After a moment's silent, she added— Twas so much interested when I^heard you ?were going to be married, and hoped, nay prayed, iha.t you might be as happy as I would— would always have you. I ain grieved to think that Mrs. Coverdaie should not fully appreciate the prize ghe has drawn in that most uncertain of all lot teries, marriage ; but I feel sure she will learn to understand you better, and all will come right : you are evidently much attached to her, and that 'being the case, she must love you.' Then in a lower tone she added— 'Tou are not one likely to love in vain.' What reply, if any, Harry would have made to this speech, will never be known, as at that minute tbey entered the'Hne of carriages setting down at 61ie gate of the Chiswick Gardens, and Covcrdale had. enough to occupy him in preventing his ex ixtabte horses from committing a breach of the pence. Whether or no the phaeton groom was an observant man we cannot say, but if he felt the degree of amiable interest usually displayed by domestic 'saryants in the affairs of their superiors, he must haye*een 6truck when mentally contrast ing Mr Cdvetdale's manner of handing Miss Crofton into and-.out of that open carriage by an immense accession of cordiality, tor which he was probably more puzzled to account than we trust the reader finds himself . CHAPTER XXXV. FLOWERS AW) TEOBN'S. ' Wehave somehow contrived to lose sight of the barouche,' exclaimed Coverdale, after looking up dud down the line of carriages in vain ; ' I expect ibey must have escaped us.wben that white-nosed Biorse shyed at Punch ; I fancied I knew which way .they had turned, but I must have gone down a ivj-ong street— poor old Crane will be in fits— 1 wonder what we had better do ?' ' 'What I should suggest is to walk slowly back wards aad-forwards inside the gate, and witch for their arrival,' returned Arabella, -wishing iu ucr secret soul that one of the barouche-horses might have fallen dead lame, or that any other catas trophe, upt involving injury to life or limb, might Jiave befallen tlie rest of the party. After parading up and down -with most laudable peVsereiance for nearly half an hour, during which time the1 crowd grew thicker and thicker, and everybody arrived except the party they were in search of, Harry suddenly exclaimed,— 'You'll be tired to death with all this pushing and squeezing? they must have come some shorter way, and gothere before us; let us go on to the conservatory, we shall meet them there, I dare gay.' When they reached the conservatory, however, they found the crowd so dense that to attempt to discover their missing friendswouldliave involved a difficulty, beside which that popular definition of a. forlorn hope, ? looking for a needle in a bottle hay,' -woufcMiave sunk into comparative insignifi cance. There- were a couple of chairs near the exit from the conservatory, from which a lady and gentleman rose as they approached. ? Suppose we take possession of those seats, suggested Arabella, 'and watch the people as they come out; Iniiist hqiiestly confess 1 am both hot and tired.' * I sympathise in the fu'St adjective,' returned Harry, taking off bis hat to aUcw the air to cool his heated brow j ? Pve walked 'P hill through heather on the moors for six Jiours at a Btrefch, and not been so warm as this ;bti$thenlmustcwii I was in better condition; one e^fa too many dinners in London, doht vou see. alhJ can't get exercise enough to keep a fellow inVwprking order.' Having made a suitable reply to this and sundry other thoroughly Harry Coverdale-ish remarks, Miss Crofton turned the conversation by asking — 'Pray, is that Mr. D'Abnayne a particular favourite of yours ?' * Not a bit of It,' ' was the . unhesitating reply ; ' lather the otiier thing, in fact, I consider, him a confounded puppy 4 and have what you laaies call a presentiment that some of these days I shall be obliged to give him. a lesson which he will not forget Mratoiny,'. . .'.'.' 4 Then you aJscT Lave ob'serveff— ' began ' Ara bella. ' I hare observed nothing in particular,' inter rupted Harry quickly,; ' but I know this, if I -were, jpia Crane I would not' haye tan ?'insufferable, jMi culpusjjouug fop dangling about jnyJjigu$e evei-y d&g;^uicli&l; day -long.' V'v^^^ -_] .'fiiint;it.issilly and imprudent in Kate to alow? lit,' returned Arabella, ,and I ventured to tell her sb, butehedidnot take the iirit kindly, and I -have not attempted to recur to the subject. I am' ;afrfli-i-her marriage has not improved her ; I really believe since 1 spoke to her she has been kinder -to SuvD'Alinayne than before ; he and hisinsinuntaiig' young friend, Lord Alfred Courtlaud, havealmoBt lived in Park Lane this week.' ' 'His friend!' exclaimed Harry, 'little Alfreds myfriend — he and 1 were at school together — that is, he' was at the bottom when I was at the top; I Introduced him to D'Abnayne myself, and now I wish I had left itjalone ; oh, there's no harm in little Alfred— besides, I never heard him speak a dozen, words to Kate Crane.' A meaning smile passed across his companion's handsome features, but she only said, — ^ : ''I am sorry he is your friend; 1 am afraid Mr. D'Almayne is a dangerous acquaintance for so vain and \veak a young uian;' 'Alfred is no fool, though perhaps firmness is not bis strong point,' returned Coverdale; ' vain gerhaps he is— all handsome boys are, I suppose, ut why do you say you are sorry he his mv friend ?? Miss Croftou was silent for a minute, then in a timid hesitating voice replied, — Tou will be angry with me if I tall you my leason for disliking Lord Alfred's constant visits ; you will doubt what I say, and impute to nie all' kinds of false and evil motives for saying it.' ' Go on,' returned Harry, in a low, stern voice, 'you have said too much for me to rest satisfied not to hear more — tell me all you know or sus pect; but take care— if, as you say, you value my good opinion— that you speak only the siuipie truth.' Thus urged, Miss Crofton proceeded cautiously to relate, that much as it grieved her to say any thing which might cause him pain or annoyance, she would not disguise from him that she felt con vinced Lord Alfred Courtlaud was deeply smitten with Alice, and that his frequent visits to Park Lane were the results of his admiration — that, moreover, Horace D'Almayne was evidently doing his best to nurse what had been a mere boyish fancy into a warmer and stronger feeiing ; ot his motive she was unable to judge, but of the fact siie was certain ; sho believed, moreover, that he possessed a strong and daily increasing influence over the young man. ' And Alice!''' inquired Coverdale, with flashing eyes, 'what of Alice? Beware liow you tell mo that she encourages this misguided, loolish boy! for, by heaven, if you do, and it should appear thut you have misjudged her, 1 should be tempted to inform her and all the world the reason which has induced you to invent such malicious calumnies !' ' You wrong me by your uukiud suspicious,' was Arabella's calm reply, ' as much as you wrong yourself by an ungenerous threat which you would be incapable of executing ; it is not for nie to judge Mrs. Coverdale one way or the other. I have satis fied my conscience in warning *y°u - 1 leave you now to examine and observe for yourself, and test the truth of my statement — but of one thing I am certain, Horace D'Abnayne has some deep scheme inpettoj'and that ho iB an unscrupulous adven turer, clever enough to render him a most danger ous associate for any one— a person, to beware of, iu short.' ' If I become convinced he is putting youn^ Alfred up to any such rascality as you imagine, I'll break the scoundrel's neck for liiin !' growled Coverdale, in a tone like the rwribliag ot distant thunder. A« he spoke some one touched him oa the shoul der, and looking round, he was inore surprised than pleased to see the object of his kind intui tions standing behind the chair on which he w.is seated. How long he might have been there, or how much of their conversation he might have hoard, it was impossible to toll; but so convinced was Coverdale that D'Almayne had been playing the eavesdropper, that he was on the point of enquiring what amount of information he had thus acquired, and especially whether he had clearly understood tho fate that awaited him, it he were really inciting ' little Alfred ' to make love to his wife, when D'Altnnyne, who possessed a womauly predilection for always having the first and hist word, began — ' Pardon me if I interrupt what appears a most interesting conversation, but 1 have been hunting all over IBo gardens for the last half-hour to iiud you. Mr. Crane imagines you have eloped with his phaeton and horses, and Mrs. Coyerdalo is so completely au descspoir at the loss of her husband that even Lord Alfred Court-laud's attentions are powerless to console her ; — really, Miss Crofton, it is too cruel of you to seduce Benedick from his allegiance to his Beatrice — you might be content with enslaving us poor bachelors !' This speech was not particularly palatable to Arabella, and she would probably have passed it over iu contemptuous silence had she not glanced at Coverdale; but, perceiving by his Hashing eye and quivering lip that he was so angry that he literally dared not trust himself to reply, she luifa tenedto prevent anything unpleasant occurriug between them, by observing in her usual calm, slightly satirical manner — ' It is like Mr. D'Alniayne's policy to screen him self by throwing the blame on the injured party. We have been roaming up and down like restless ghosts, bnnting for Mrs, Crane and Mrs, Coverdale for the hist half -hour— ever eince we arrived, in fact, until I grew so tired, that out of compassion Mr. Coverdale allowed me to sit down and rest.' ' One word, Mr. D'Almayne,' interrupted Harry, regardless of an imploring look and gentle pres sure of the arm from Arabella Croftou, ' you made a joke (for I suppose you do not wish me to con sider j'ou spoke seriously) about my wife a minute ago; now I'm a quick tempered fellow — touchy ydinnay call it, upon some points, and this hap pens to be one of them ; so to prevent anything disagreeable, 1 tell you frankly 1 don't like such jokes — you understand ?' Horace did understand ; he glanced at Harry's face. The handsome mouth was sternly com pressed—the small, well- cut nostril quivered, and the large dark eyes flashed with tho auger he coul d scarcely restrain, his tall form was drawn up to its full height — his broad chest dilated, and the mus cles stood out on his stalwart arms until their shape became visible beneath the Zephyr paletot ; alto gether, Coverdalo did notiook just then the kind of man with whom it would be pleasant to quarrel ; so D'Alinayne, deeming ' discretion the better part of valour,' smiled, and said something which might mean anything, and conveyed a clear idea of nothing, in Ids most fascinating manner, and then piloted his companions to the spot where he had agreed on a rendezvous at a certain time with the Crane1 parly. They had not yet made their ap pearance, however, and D'Almayne (who, since Harry gave him the ' caution ' conveyed in his last spcecu, had evinced a marked desire to keep o:i good terms with, and out of arms reach of, so dangerous an acquaintance), guossiug their where abouts, volunteered to go and fetch them. ' Pray do aot quarrel with that man,' urged Arabella, as D'Almayne quitted them ; ' you are as little his equal in scheming and mauosuvriug, as ha is yours in strength and courage, and for this reason he is more to be dreaded than if he were a very Hercules ; do not lose your temper with him, for by so doing you will put yourself in the wrong and play his game ; come, be guided by me in this matter; believe me, my only object is to secure your happiness. As she spoke, she looked .up in his face with such an expression of interest, not to say affection, that Coverdale, whose anger at the worst was al ways a very evanescent affair, felt an impulse ol pity,- for her, which appeared in the softened tone of bis voice, as he replied :— ' Dont i be afraid ; I'm not going to give him his deserts at present, and I'm very sorry I spoke harshly. to you-just now ; but I know Alice to be so good; and' true, and pure — innocent and spotless as a chid (by heaven, the slightest blow to my faith in her would drive me mad !), and the mere mention of thatfooJisk boy supposing her to be a fit recipient for'-his romantic sentimental nonsense, made meiose my temper; but you need not fear ?jor doing-anything hasty. 1 shall, as you desire, olJgr^iAifred Courtlnnd, and if, as I feel certain, bis attenW^aJUWy Alice, I shall speak to him seri ously and kifitiifcCl know the boy has a good heart, and that it-is'irAiinayne who has set him. on this business, if he fejaet on it); then, finding I am aware of it, his fancy-.wiU dio a natural death ; but 1 have little expectation that my preaching will be required. Alice's indifference TrUlwork the best cure.' ' '- As he spoke, the Crane party came in sight, Kate and her husband leading the van, closely attended by Horace D'Almayne ; while, at some little dis tance behindtnem, lingered Alice on the arm of 'Lord Alfred'Courtlandf ab they came up. he was addressing her in sin earnest, pleading manner. Alice appeared thoughtful and distraite, but the ffioinent her eye fell upon Harry end Miss Crofton 'she started, coloured up, and turning to her com panion, said &£*ia liurriea, eager tdhe — ? Such 'constancy and perseverance, my lord, deserve rewarding ;' and as elie .spoke she gave him, q, rosebud she carried in her hand, which he fastened iii his button-hole with an expression of eager delight. ., . Alice's words and action were neither of theni lost upon her husband of his companion. .,£ CHAPTEE XXXVI. ; a1e-3a.dia in the nineteknth cextubX , It is popularly asserted and believed that every thing has two sides to it. Even a plum- pudding has au inside and an out; and that romantic malady, yclept 'love unrequited,' although at first sight it appears an entirely one-sided affair, often demonstrates its bilateral capabilities by proving a much Jess heart- rending business than was imagined, when the lapse of time enables one to discern the blight side of 4Jhe picture. The Crane expedition to the Uorticulfiiral Fete formed no ex ception to this law of nature ; — thus, at the moment when Harry, like Hamlet's unfortunate papa, was having poison poured into his ear, and was gradually working himself up to thebolsterscene in-Othello pitch, 'Alice, that pleasant little Des demoua, unconsciously amused herself with Cassio, Lord Courtland, emulating Dr. AVatt's ' busy bee,' by flitting from flower to flower, laughing at very small jokes, and altogether conducting herself with great levit, and in a singularly undignified manner — at least, so Mr. Crane thought ; and as he was said to be made of gold,'his opinions ought to have partaken of the value of that precious metal. But Mr. Crane had never quite forgiven Alico'for not appreciating his many excellences, and was dis posed to judge hnr harshly. After a time, however, when the novelty of the scene began to wear off — Alice had reviewed the contents of Howell and Jame's, Swan and pdgai-'s, Iteduiayjie's and other ruination Shoys, on the fair forms of the ladies of the laud — when she had ' oh-how-beautiful-ed' and ' is-n't-it-lovely-ed' the flowers to her heart's con tent — when she had heard, and longed to dance to, the Guard's baud, suddenly a dark vision rose to her mind's eye — her husbaud tete-a-tete with that evil mystery, Arabella Croftou, obscured the suu shine of her spirit; the rose-coloured spectacles through which she had beheld Vanity Fair fell off ; tho serpent had entered in ; aiid, for Alice Cover dale, Chiswick was Paradise no longer. Thereupon she decided that Lord Alfred was a silly, tiresome boy, and worried her with his childish nonsense; that Mr. Craue was a fractious old idiot, who ought to bo shut up in an npiwopriate asylum ; that Kate looked bored and tired, which shu did not wonder at ; that Horace D'Almayne was fitter for the Zoo logical than the Horticultural Gardens, and deserved to be caged with the chimpanzees with out loss ot time; and, iinally (forgetting their separation had resulted from a caprice of her own) that If any was very unkind to stay away from her in that way, with that hateful creature, Arabella Crofton, wlioui she was sure he liked after all, though he did nretend to treat her so coldly. Thcii people began to push and crowd, and dresses became tumbled ; and D'Almayne having left the party to Jook for Harry and Miss Crofton, Mr. Craue misled them, and they fell into diffi culties, and were very hot and uncomfortable ; and Alice quite pined to meet her husband, whose sturdy arm would have supported he]1, and whose tall figure and broad shoulders would have forced a way for her through the crowd. Next, Lord Alfred began to tease her to give him a flower from, her bouquet, and got snubbed for his pains; until Horace D'Almayne, .returning, made his report, viz., that, after much toil and trouble, he had at length discovered Miss Crofton and Mr. Covordole seated together in a shady corner, apparently ab sorbed jji some deeply interesting topic of conver sation. This int'ormatiuu, tallying so exactly with her worst fears, and fiudiug poor litttleMrs. Cover dale both vexed and tired, very nearly produced a burst of tears, to avoid which pathetic display she did that which the unfortunate first Mrs. Doinbey failed to effect — viz., she ' made an effort.' and became, not exactly herself again, but Alice Cover diilo us she appeared when enacting the heartless coquette. And tliis she did, poor child ! not from a want, but from a superfluity of heart. So, seek ir.g to read her truant husband a practical moral lesson on the iniquity of charioteering dangerous damsel.1?, iu common with whom hupossessed mys terious antecedents, she afforded Lord Alfred n ' material guarantee ' of her favour, in the shape of the flower he had coveted ; and having thusnrmly riveted his chains, ostensibly petted and made much of her captive. This conduct on his wife's part was by no means calculated to sooth Harry Coverdale, pained, ruffled, and excited by his con versation with Arabella Crofton: and, without re- ilectiiig on tho prudence or politeness of such a proceeding, he left his late companion to take care of herself, and stalking with stately steps, as of an official Jion, up to Lord Alfred Courtlaud, observed in a tone o£ dignified irony — ' 1 am much obliged to your Lordship for taking such extreme care of Mrs. Coverdale, but will now relieve you from any further trouble on her account ; take my arm, Alice.' Lord Alfred, strong in the possession of his rose bud, felt inclined to resist, and murmured some thing about its being a pleasure rather than a trouble ; while Alice was just determining to sup port Jier swain, when }uekiSy she happened to read in Harry's flashing eye symptoms of the approach of an attack of his ' quiet manner,' so hastily dis engaging her arm, she placed it within that of her husband, saying, as she did so — ' I am not going to let this truant escape, now that I have caught him. He deserves punishment — so I shall inflict my society upon him for the rest of the afternoon, unless,' she added, with a glance which bewitched Lord Alfred more completely than before, ' I should find any stringent necessity to exercise my feminine prerogative of changing my mind.' ' Your friend Mr. Coverdale's method of relieving you of your fair charge was more vigorous than polite, inon cher,' remarked D'Almayne to Lord Alfred, who, feeling ho was do trop, bad left the wedded pair to their own devices. ' However, I think I. have obtained a clue, which I have only to follow up, lo arrive at a discovery which will help j'ou on with your pretty little lady-patroucss, by rendering he'r more the femme iuconrprise, and neglected wife than ever.' ' Indeed !' was tho reply ; ' what a clever fellow you are ! I certainly owe Coverdale one, for his manner to me just now was anything but nice. Toll me, what have you discovered r' ' Well, it soems uotuing very remarkable at first, but many a large and goodly oak has grown from as small an acorn. Listen — the immaculate Harry Coverdale has a private understanding with that dark-eyed gipsy, Arabella Crofton ; they are a great deal more intimate and confidental in a tete-a-tete, than they allow themselves to appear in general society. I must try and Jeam what passed be tween them in Italy, and I think I can do so with very little trouble. I saw a man in town yester day, Arche Campbell, who married one of the Muir girls, with whom the fair— or rather dark — Arabella lived as governess, when they tried to ex change their Scotch brogue for the ' lingua Toscano. Slie went to Italy with them, and there met Harry Coverdale — that I know as a fact; for additional particulars, I shall apply to the said Archie.' Recently the Geologists' Association paid their first visit for the season to the British Museum. Proceeding at once to the North Galleiy the members were there met, according to appointment, by the venerable Professor Owen, C.B., J?.R»S., superinten dent of the Natural History Department, who at once began to discourse to them ana the mixed multi tude of other listeners, who flocked to the spot from all parts of the building, on the ' Uxtinct Marsu pials of Australia.' By these were meant, jis the patriarch of natural science explained in his familiar way, the great kangaroo family, including all the animals which cany their young in poaches. As cending from the smaller species, both those still ex isting and those belonging to fossil catacombs only, and having spoken learnedly, and j'et popularly, of 'Macropus laniger' and 'JIacropus major, of 'Sthenurus,' and the 'kangaroo bat,' named by himself 'Proteinnodon,' of 'Tuylacolco caraifex (OweD))' and of the wombats, including the 'giant wombat' (' Phascolomys gigos') and of other kinds of carnivorous and herbivorous marsupials, he came at last to his own reconstructed 'DiprotbiJonAustraKs.' The enormous dimensions of this fossil marsupial Pro fessor Owen illustrated by reference to the principal) plate in liis unpublished, but shortly forthcoming, . ?work, 'The Extinct Mammals oj Australia.' It must have been as much bigger than any othgt fenown form bT kangaroo as a megatherium, ljke tjhi* whose skeleton stands in the room containmg\jLe bones of' the Diprotodon, exceeded in size a tapir or a ram. The Diprotodon's bones, Btofessor'Oiven said, he had been thirty years in collecting, and they had been brought from spots one thousand miles apart 