? THE CHANCES OP WAR. (From the Irish Monthly.) CHAPTER XXXVII.—CONTINUED. BY A. WHITELOCK. THERE are moments when we realise that life, for its own sake, is not worth the living ; when the most acceptable offering earth can make us would be a peaceful nook in one of its churchyards, where the sight of the world and its frivolities could not torment UB more. In the proud, contemptuous mood which such thoughts beget, MacDermott watched the progressive deepening of the grave. A clod of earth struck' his foot, and roused him from his cynical meditat> 0nS - , -RX , » , "It is enough, Donogh, he said, hastily, to one of the diggers. " She will lie deep enough to hear nothing more of the world, and it is for this that graves are made. It will be a cheerful sleepingplace, too," he added, glancing up at the patch on the grey walls which the morning sun had brightened. " Few of those who will soon need a grave will find so pleasant a one. The sun is up. The rest of our work must be got through quickly. Put on your gear, and follow me." He led them up the narrow street that opened into the main thoroughfare of the " English iown." - They halted in. front of one of the tall, brick houses. Their leader knocked softly at the door, and, after a moments' conversation with some of the inmates, beckoned to a few of his men to follow, and entered the house. In a short time the soldiers reappeared, bearing a coffin on their shoulders. It had been consigned to them by a lady, who had abandoned herself to a passionate burst of grief as they bore it away. Their commander delayed to offer consolation to the mourner. "Her fate is to be envied rather than mourned," he said, gently. " Let this thought console you. And let it recall your attention to your own situation ; I do not know how far my offers may be nnseasonable or superfluous ; but if you should yet need any aid it is in my power to give, do not hesitate to ask it. My troop lies close to the Cluani Towers ; your messenger will find me there. Good-bye, Miss Dillon. Possibly we shall not meet again. If not, accept for the last time, my best wishes for your happiness." His voice was very gentle, very respectful, very sympathising, but it had lost the accent of tenderness in which he had spoken to her by the death-bed of her sister. He was again the generous, courteous stranger, and nothing more. She could not reply to his farewell. A choking grief, aggravated by every word he spoke, stopped her utterance. She offered him her hand in silent acknowledgement of her indebtedness. She felt the chill clasp of his fingers, and heard him descend the stair. A moment after his voice Bet in motion the funeral procession that waited at the door, and he vas gone. CuriouB eyes watched the cortege as it made its way up the street. The inmates of the neighbouring houses were, of couree, assured that a death from the plague had happened in the house from which the coffin had been carried, and resolved to keep the other side of the street when necessity |next compelled them to pass the door. It was to some a matter of surprise that these Ulster soldiers of the garrison should undertake the funeral. But, then, how many females of the street knew enough of the private history of the bereaved family to give an easy explanation of this circumstance 1 was it not a well authenticated fact that the young ladies who affected snch a life of seclusion were not inaccessible to the attentions of the northern officers ? How often had Bervants of the house been sent to invite passing troopers to enter ? Was it not well ascertained that the officers chose strange hours for their visits to the family P In fact it was quite intelligible why the concerns of this household should interest the Ulster soldiers, and there was really nothing surprising in their exposing themselreB to the infection which had entered it. ™ew frivolous women, and not many Idle hien, include a reluctance to judge harshly of their neighbour in the numbe r of their virtues. The world is largely stocked.with critics who have a keen eye lor the shortcomings of their fellows, and who, by practice, have so far improved weir natural powers in this respect that ll l ey are able to detect wickedness in appearances which have no significance tor other eyes. They are assiduous observers of the, actions of all around them, ~ d compensate themselves for this voluntary assiduity by the license they permit themselves in their criticisms. Abe world is, doubtless, a bad world, but " would be much better than it is if it lad fewer censors; the number of its "sandal-giving sinners would be less if the number of its scandal-seeking sainta was diminished. Heedless of the comments to which they gave occasion, the troopers, with slow and solemn step, bore -their melancholy burden to the old churchyard. They were the only mourners round Kathleen's grave. Other friends in the city she had none ; had it been otherwise, the dread of the awful infection, to which all deaths then occurring were attributed, would probably have kept them away from her coffin. Gently these grim northern horsemen lowered her into the quiet slooping-plac; they had made for her. The sun sent a shower of his brightest rays down into the grave, and the river echoes, that were playing in the nooks of the venerable church, came to sing a subdued requiem over the spot; but the roll of a'distant drum broke upon the air; the soldiers hurriedly filled in the grave, shut out the sunbeams and the echoes, and left Kathleen alone. CHAPTER XXXVIII. ANOTHER VICTIM. Hate cannot wish thee worse Than guilt and shame hare made thee. —Moor*. THE funeral procession had hardly disappeared at the upper extremity of the street when a gentleman, closely muffled, entered it at the other. With a quick but somewhat uneven step he advanced up the street. The door from which the coffin had been oarried still lay open. The gentleman stopped, glanced round, as if seeking an explanation of this strange circumstence, and finally entered. He was evidently a privileged visitor, or considered himself such. He mounted the stairs, and tapped at the door of Kathleen's chamber. There was no answer. He tapped again; the silence remained unbroken. Cautiously he pushed open the door, and entered on tiptoe. The bed was empty. Half- burnt candles, in tall candlesticks, stood upon the floor, various pieces of white i drapery were lying near them, and ' withered flowers lay scattered about in considerable profusion. Death had ; visited the house, and he had left these | tokens of his presence. One glance | round the room was enough to tell Lucas ; Plunkett what had happened. The folds of his cloak had fallen from about his I face. He was ghastly pale, one would have said very unwell; but, at sight of ; the disordered and desolate room a livid tinge overspread his face, he shuddered j strangely, his hands hook the handle of , the door, and it rattled with a hoarse, ; unearthly rattle—just such a sound as j one would have expected to hear in an j apartment so dismal. The noise disturbed a figure which was kneeling in a darkened corner of the room before a small altar, on which stood j a statue of the Virgin. Mary Dillon rose j from her posture of devotion, and moved across the room to the spot where her cousin was standing. She looked so wan and sorrowful that she might easily have been mistaken for some ghost that haunted the dreary chamber. •'She is dead!" said the pale girl, pointing to the empty bed. "Dead !" repeated her visitor, and the same shudder again passed through him, and his hand, still on the door handle, made it rattle with the same harsh noise. " And buried, too," she added. " They have taken her away to the churchyard." " Good God !" ejaculated her cousin, hoarsely. He knew that in cases of the plague interment followed immediately after death. "She died laBt night," continued Mary, " not long after the cannon ceased firing. It was a lonely death, poor child! so far from home, and so few friends near her!" The words fell as a bitter reproach on Plunkett's ear. It was his duty to have been present at the death-bed. But at the moment he was busy elsewhere, bartering away the last stronghold in which the dying freedom of Ireland had taken refuge. "O heaven!" he exclaimed. "It is too dreadful." The paleness of his face became more death-like, and the cold sweat Btood out upon his brow in bright beads. "The news has made me sick, Mary. I feel faint and weak, and the heavy air of this room is becoming intolerable." He staggered towards the window, whicli was partially open, and greedily inhaled the fresh air of the morning. "We must fly from thia^cflamelhouse," he gasped, when he had somewhat recovered himself; •" this cursed plague we muBt escape at all risks. Let it only keep its clutches off us till evening, and we will defy it If we can mount onr horses to-night, untainted by its poison, we shall soon be beyond its reach. We will leave it to glut itself on the fools who are cutting each others' throats, as if the work of death which it is doing were not enough." There was something very ghastly in his cynicism. It combined the expression of bodily pain with the murmuringa of a cowardly heart in a state of unusual excitement. Dejected as Mary Dillon was, the fierce bitterness of her cousin's words drew her attention from her own griefs towards him. From the expression of his face she perceived that he was suffering acute pain. Bound to him as she was, by ties which she felt to be bonds of iron—as durable, but as oppressive—she had for him no other feeling than contempt and aversion ; yet at Bight of his suffering, her womanly nature overcame her, and there was almost an accent of tenderness in her exclamation : " You are ill, Cousin Plunkett." "Ill'."he cried impatiently. "Who said I was ill 1 I did not sleep much last night. I am a little tired, and the foul air of this room has almost choked me. It is but a passing ailment, which a few hours' sleep will cure. But I have not come to parade my indisposition ; I have come to say that you must be ready to-night by eight o'clock to quit Limerick and it horrors. At that hour the way out of the city and through Ireton's lines will be open to us." But, surely—" " Aye, surely—so surely as I am then a living man. Another night we will not pass in this poisoned air." " Cousin, you are too -sick to travel," she answered, mildly. She pitied his excited condition, which she believed to be the result of his indisposition. "I shall be quite well again long before that hour," he returned. "Have everything in readiness when I come. Sick! I am not sick. But, even if I were, there is no sickness in the foul list of human ills will tear from me the prize I have so long coveted, and won at last. No, no," he continued, in a low voice, aa if unconscious of the' presence of his cousin, "it has cost too much. I have sacrificed and sold too much for it, and not sickness, nor death, nor hell itself shall rob me of it." He gnashed his teeth like one in frenzy. His demeanour terrified his cousin. She began to think his mind had become unsettled, and she strove to calm him. "You speak wildly, cousin. What prize do you mean ?" t Her voice was gentle and compassionate. Plunkett lifted his eyes to her face ; they were dulled and sunken, and. a broad black line was drawn beneath them.. " Yourself, Mary," he exclaimed, with a sort of a maniac passion. He made a. movement as if he would grasp her hand, but instinctively she shrank from his touch. " You have promised to be mine, and to save you I have sold what thousands think more precious than their lives. You are dearer to me than the liberty of this or a thousand towns. I have bought your freedom," his voice sank to a hollow whisper, "at the price of the freedom of the city." Her doubts of his sanity increased each moment. "You are excited and unwell, and cannot collect your thoughts. Let me advise you to take the rest you need so much." Do not think I rave, Mary," he replied. "It was a high price to pay for a woman's safety, but it has been paid. To-night the soldiers of Ireton will be masters of St. John's Gate and the Cluam Towers, and to-morrow they will cut down in the Btreets any foolhardy rebel who dares to resist them. You. will see them on guard as we pass. But have no fear, the hypocritical cut-throats will respect you, and the respect will be deserved. They will owe it to you that they have not been left outside the walls to freeze or to rot in their trenches." Briefly he told her the story of the last night's adventure. He laid aside his fretful and impatient tone, and made the communication with an insinuating familiarity which showed how much he felt entitled to gratitude for what he had done. With flashing eye, and dilated nostril, his cousin heard him reveal his secret. " For me you have done this deed !" she said, drawing herself up haughtily, while a crimson flush mantled in her white cheek. " Dare not to connect my name with treachery BO foul. I have lost what is dearest to me in life, my only Bister. To redeem a promise, forced from me by a cowardly artifice, I have refused the protection of the stoutest arm. and the love of the most generous heart within the city, and trusted to such a thing as you. Death in many shapes, and'accompanied by many horrors, is busy about me. God knows I am desolate and wretched enough, and I would do much to put an end to my miseries. But I would not buy happiness, nor even life, at the price you have paid; and I will not accept either the safety or the life that has been purchased by dishonour. Never, I vow it before the heaven from which my angel sister is looking down on us, will I-quit the town by a gate that a traitor's hand baa opened. I have enough of the pride of my family to prefer a grave under the ruins of this house to life obtained at such a sacrifice. Return to Treton, cancel the compact you have made, and come back to tell me that if Limerick is to fall, kinsman of mine has not hastened its ruin. Go, and if the scheme you have revealed to me is not undone, let me never look on your face again. The touch of a traitor's hand I will not suffer, and the sound of a perjurer's voice I will not endure." With a commanding gesture, she motioned hiin to the duor. Subdued and abashed by the demeanour of his cousin, he vainly struggled to find words in which to defend himself. "Do notBpeak to me again,"she said, perceiving that he was about to reply, " until you can tell me that this infamous bargain has been broken. Leave me, and if you cannot come with this news, do not come to me again !" Without casting another look on her cousin, Mary 'passed out of the room. Plunkett, overwhelmed by the contemptuous rebuke that had been administered to him, crestfallen and humbled in mind, and racked, too, by physical pain, followed a few moments after, and slowly descended the stairs with unsteady step. His mind was so much engrossed by the incidents of the interview which had just ended, or so much distracted by the pain of body he was enduring, "that he did TSot heEtt" the tramp of feet which was sounding in the street. Had he been more self-possessed, he would probably have been more cautious. As it was, he emerged into the street just as a party of cuirassiers on foot were passing the door. He raised his heavy eyes, and cast a glance of indifference on the troopers. One or two of them stared curiously at him as they went by, called the attention of a comrade to his appearance, but most passed heedless of his presence. Behind the last rank walked an officer covered with a heavy cloak. He raised his head as he approached the doorway, and his eyes met those of the figure that occupied it. An involuntary exclamation of fright burst from Lucas Plunkett's blue lips, and he shrank within the doorway. But it was too late. With a bound the BoJdier was beside him ; and, before he could utter even a cry for mercy, he was gripped by the throat and dragged into the street. He stumbled on the pavement with'iufc, and, with a howl of frantic despair, fell in ths gutter. In an instant his captor's heavy boot was upon his breast, and the flish of steel above him dazzled his eyes. [(To be continued.) 