LITERATURE Mongolian Migration. NO. IV. CHINA TOWN. BY WILLIAM HEPWORTH DIXON. A SEVENTH part of the population—a seventieth part of the surface—of San Francisco is Asiatic. All Orientals pack closer than Europeans. A man may see big crowds in many cities: Russ and Tartars at Nishni-Novgorod, Copts and Armenians in Jerusalem, Arabs and Algerines in Cairo ; but in neither Russia, Syria, nor Egypt can he see such crowds as we find packed in the Asiatic quarter of San Francisco. The term Asiatic quarter may suggest a sepa rate portion of the city, walled off from the remaining parts like China Town in Mobcow; bat the Asiatic quarter in San Francisoo is an open colony, like May Fair in London, like the Second Distriot in New York. The Chinese have squatted in the very heart of San Francisco. Lock Sin's tea-house in Jackson-street may be regarded as the heart of this new Asiatic empire in America; for in Jackson-street, grouped around Lock Sin's balcony, lie the Chinese banks and stores, the Chinese stalls and markets, the Chinese theatres and ganaing-hells; while off this thoroughfare, to the right and left, extend the blind alleys and nameless passages in which reside the Chines© rogues and thieves, with their lin^*1 *ling complement of female slaves. Here, bright with paper lanterns, glare the two great tea- houses, kept by Lock Sin and Hing Kee, in which you sip green tea and watch the dancing girls perform their rites. Here, rich in red and black flags, and musical with gongs and cymbals, stands Yu He Un Choy, the royal theatre, in which a grand historical play, a chronicle of the Ming Dynasty, has been going on for three weeks past, and is to run on briskly for about nine weeks yet to come. In front of us, hardly less rich in red and yellow paint, hardly less noisy with shawm and tom-tom, rises Sing Ping Yuen, the new theatre, in which lighter pieces are performed, not lasting more than thirty or forty nights. Hereabouts lie the tan cellars and thieves gaming cribs, in which ■allow wretches and their hideous partners of the other sex indulge in the lawless pleasure of ■taking their bottom dollar on a domino. About these cellars lie the opium dens, to which the gamesters come in their frenzy, and snatch the ■till more fearful joy of staking their health and manhood on a fume of poppy juice. Round that corner stands the great joss house, a large room, hung with screens and banners, dazzling in red and gold, in which an idol squats ; not a Mongolian god, with flat and shaven face, and turned-up Tartar eyebrows, but a Teutonic master, with straight nose, fair moustache, and pointed beard. Before this foreign idol, teacups hiss and fusees burn by night and day. China Town is running over San Francisco, spreading to east and west, to north and south. The- Asiatics have seized a good part of Dupont street and Kearny-street, swarmed into Pine street, invaded Stockton and Pacific streets, and got their feet in California-street. Some houses in these streets are owned by Mongols. When Asjatios get their feet inside a door they drive the Europeans out. A European cannot stand the fume and stench, the dirt and din. Thus, shop by shop, and street by street, they crawl along, a swarm of clean and andean things, so oddly mixed that White men shrink from them, in fear and wrath, as from a company of lepers. No White man likes to sleep under the same roof with a Yellow man ; no White woman likes to pass through Jackson-street. A rookery, and • cesspool drive off decent folk. Let us drop into some of these houses, no fear of lepers in our hearts, and see these Asiatics in their homes. Not far from Lock Sin's tea-bouse stands a big edifice, first used as the Globe Hotel; a house four storeys high above the ground, six window? to the front, and boasting of rooms enough for fifty guests. Including vaults and attics there may be sixty rooms in aIL Surrounded by the Chinese rookery, this Globe Hotel, no longer fit for decent visitors, is let to Lee Si Tut, a rich Chinese, whe re-lets his apartments to Chinese residents of the better class —to shopmen, waiters, clerks, and agents. • Lee Si Tut takes care to have no tenant of bad repute. A thief, a rag-picker, a night-prowler, cannot hire a bed in his hotel. No painted women pass his door. Tan and other lawless games are forbidden. No wrangling or fighting is allowed within - the house. So far as order can be made by rales, order is said to reign among^ Lee Si Tut's tenants; and the Globe Hotel in Jackson-street may be regarded as the royal khan and summer palace of the Chinese empire in America. Pass in. Oh, Lee 8i Tut! A sickening odor greet* your nostrils on his steps. A reek comes out of every door, and dirt lies heaped on every landing-stage. The dust of years encrusts his window-panes. Compared with this Globe Hotel, under Lee Si Tut, a Turkish or a Spanish prison is a desert place. The bannisters drip ; the passages sweat A black and fetid slime runs down the walls. And then what press and multitude of tenants on the stairs and in the rooms ! Men swarm at every door, and crowd down every stag*; each pale and melancholy wretch vomiting his narcotic poison in your face. A nameless horror seems to brood in every corner of the house, for out of every corner glare the spectral eyes of beings fevered by tan and stupefied with drugs. Each room, arranged for the accommodation of a single guest, is either parted into six or seven sections by a string of mats, or shelved in tiers all round the walls. Shelves are preferred, since no one cares to pay for privacy; and a room that will only sleep six or seven in sections may be got to sleep a dozen on shelves. From vault to attic, each room is foul with smoke, and black with dirt, and choked with men. No less than fifteen hundred ghastly creatures find a lodging day and night in this Chinese paradise! Rooms crowded and unwholesome I have seen before —at • feast in Einaiedeln, a mad-house lin Naples, an emigrant ship at Liverpool, a barrack on the Nile—but nowhere have I seen human creatures packed and crushed as these tenants of the Globe Hotel are packed and crushed. Lee Si Tut lets his house, he says, to eight hundred tenants ; which would give him, in a house of sixty rooms, including cellars and lofts, thirteen tenants to each chamber; but the rascals cheat him, he alleges, out of half his rent, by sub-letting their shelves to men who occupy them only half the day. Enquiry shows me that this story of sub-letting and dividing the room is strictly true. Xi Wgok lets his shelf to Li Ho; Xi Wgok using his shelf for twelve hours, and giving it up to Li Ho for the other twelve hours. In some rooms three sets of lodgers occupy the shelves each twenty-four hours—eight hours a-piece. Yet those who lodge in this hotel live in a light and roomy palace by the side of those who live in the labyrinth of courts and styes, yards and entries, lying round Bartlett Alley. Here some of the first White settlers in San Francisco threw up their hives. The ground is undrained. The log shanties were run up hastily and cheaply; and in these fever haunted hovels, rotten with age, putrid with filth, overrun with vermin, the masses of Mon golians make their home. They creep into vaults, they climb into eaves, they burrow in the earth. In holes unfit for dogs, you may discover ton or twelve wasted, creatures, sprawling on shelves, staring into space, and trying to smoke themselves into the opium-dreamer's paradise. Worse still, if in the "lowest depth" there can be a " deeper still," is the thieves' quarter; a district running in and out of more respectable quarters with a rare indifference as to social forms. In the thieves' quarter it is well to have a guide and escort, for the Chinese criminal has curious ways, and your ramble in his purlieus should be made at night. All round Bartlett Alley lie the thieves' yards and cribs; foul attics, falling balconies, under ground kennels ; with a few spikes of joss-wood burning at every door. Rags rot on the ground and garbage poisons the air. Slush squirts at you from under every plank, and where the planks fail you, the earth appears to be nothing but a running sore. Rag-shops and receiving houses hide in old pita and hollows under the plank floors. In all these damp and loathsome holes a swarm of Asiatics wallow in the filth, their pal* and ghastly faces rendered visible by the flicker of a reeking lamp. Pah 1 Fear lurks in every Mongol eye, and desperation glowers from every Mongol face. In passing from yard to yard you catch the slam of doors, the shot of bolts, and feel by instinct that every ruffian standing behind these planks, alarmed by strange footsteps and loud voices in the dead of night, is listening at his door, with hatchet raised to strike or rifle poised to fire. "Open the door!" cries your guide, in a peremptory tone, stopping in front of a log cabin—"open the door 1" " You foolee me f You foolee me t" "No.no. Open the door!" The voice is recognised within ; the door v slowly opened, and you peep into the crib; a cupboard as to sice, but occupied by five or six men and women. Heaps of stolen goods are on the floor; but neither blade nor gun is visible. At another crib we are repulsed. To the en quiry "How? you foolee me,!" we answer, as before, "No, no;" but, instead of seeing the door open, we catch a rapid exchange of whispers inside. . > > "Go; you not foolee me I' cries a voice, ac* companiad by the click of a rifle, " Dip and slide," whispers our companion, and we instantly dip and slide. ' Jn Stout's AUe.y, and in the yards around this sink of squalor and iniquity, lodge the partners of these thieves and murderers—the female slaves. Let us get out into the open streets! " You have now seen a little of our Chinese Quarter," says my companion, as we enter Lock Sin's tea- house about two o'clock, and order a refreshing cup. . " What you have seen in San Francisoo you may see in Sacramento, Stockton, San Jose, and other towns. Wherever John plants his foot, he builds a China Town, and peoples it with harlots, criminals, and slaves. We get some very Aheap labor, and our financiers say they need cheap labor 'to develop the country.' What think you of the price we have to pay for our develop ment?" While we are sipping tea on Lock Sin's balcony a yell comes up from the street below. A Chinese fight is on. Ah King, a Chinese scamp em ployed by the city officers, and, in the slang of his Asiatic countrymen, such a spy is called a ghost Of late this ghost has been too busy, hi» celestial countrymen think, even for a paid spy; and two Asiatics, who have just coume out of gaol, are setting on him, one moon-face with a hatchet, the second moon-face with a knife. From every door in the street swarms out a crowd, and in an instant fifty Chinese lanterns heave and drop along the flags. " Excuse me!" says my escort, and before I can reply, he is gone from my side. King vanishes—like a ghost Moon-face with the knife escapes, just as my escort swoops into the murderous circle; but the fellow with the hatchet is arrested on the spot and carried to the city ward. His weapon, when examined, proves to be a long blade, sheathed in a layer of fine cloth, so that, in case of a fatal plunge, the blood might have been at once removed, and the stainless knife replaced under the white smock, as clean and innocent in appearance as the soft-eyed Asiatic who had plunged it into his neighbor's heart TKLLOW AOONT. "At length!" exclaims a Senator in Sacra mento, laying down his copy of the President's new Message to Congress, in which there is a short paragraph devoted to the Chinese immi gration. <rOur master in the White House has spared one moment from the contemplation of his Black Agony on the Gulf to a consideration of our Yellow Agony on the Slope!" No one will say that President Grant has spoken either too soon or in too load a voice. Opinion runs the other way. In Washington men may talk ; in Sacramento they must act The Mongol invaders have put republican prin ciples to a strain which they were never meant to bear, and under this burthen republican prin oiplea and institutions have broken down. Pace to face with a gigantic evil, the Cali fornians have passed a dozen laws in self-defence: and these defensive laws of California violate the most sacred principles embodied in the common Constitution of the United States I The American Constitution opens American Sorts to all the world; the laws of California mit and control the entry of Asiatics into San Francisco. The American Constitution gives to every man who lands a right of oitizenship on easy terms ; the lawa of California deny a Chinese immigrant the rights of citizenship on any terms. Under the new conditions created by the influx of these Asiatics, San Francisco has ceased to be a free port in the sense in which New York is a free port. New York is open: San Francisco is not open. If he lands In New York a Mongol may be naturalised in a year; but if he lands in San Francisco a Mongol cannot be naturalised in twenty years. This conflict of principles leads to much confusion in practice. No one in Oregon, California, and Nevada can be sure of what is legal or illegal. A Court, administering the local law, rules one thing; a second Court, administering the general law, rules another thing. They clash alike in Tn*Tim« t methods, and results. A case occurred some weeks ago. In the belief that a certain vessel coming from Hong* Kong was laden with paupers, convicts, and rebels, transported from the country by sagacious mandarins, the authorities of San Francisco tried to Bend these undesirable settlers back to China. Taking the mail steamer in charge, they pre vented either man or woman from landing, and required the company to carry their cargo back to Hong-Kong. The company refused. The San Francisco courts affirmed the right of the mayor and sheriff)) to reject this cargo ; but they were overruled by the Circuit Courts, acting in the name, interpreting the principles, of the United States. Nearly every woman who obtains a licence to leave Hong-Kong comes over as a slave, the property of masters, who sell her in the city very much as a planter used to sell his quadroon in New Orleans. A case is now before the courts which proves so much, if not a great deal more. Ah Lee, a man of good repute and decent means, lived with Low Vow, a woman who was erroneously supposed to be bis wife. They had some words and parted company, on which Ah Lee requested Low Vow to pay him back a sum of more than four hundred dollars, which he had placed in her hands while they were passing as man and wife. Low Vow refused. " I will be even with you," hissed Ah Lee, with menacing gesture towards the woman. Going before a magistrate, Ah Lee deposed that the Chinese woman called Low Vow had sold a Chinese girl, named Choy Ming, only 13 years of age, for two hundred dollars, and he implored the magistrate to have that female slave-dealer seized and sent to gaol. A witness, called Ah Sing, who said he was a brother of Choy Ming, sustained the evidence given and sworn by Ah Lee. On these statements, warrants were issued, and not only Low Vow but Choy Ming where taken into charge. Counsel was engaged for Choy Ming, but the trial mainly turned on her own evidence. She was a slave, fthe said. She was brought from China to San Francisco as a slave, and there sold to Low Vow, who afterwards sold her again to the keeper of a bad house. She handed to the judge a bill of sale, which had been given to her, according to the custom of her country, by Low Vow. 1 The counsel for Low Vow denounced the whole proceeding as a conspiracy on the part of Ah Lee and Ah Sing to get his client into trouble. Two elderly Chinese, living in Btout's Alley, swore that Choy Ming was their child. Bhe had been lured, they said, from their lodgings, and had been kept away from them some time. They had never sold her to Low Vow, and Low Vow could not have sold her to anyone else. Several Chinese witnesses gave evidence of having seen Choy Ming with the two bid people, both when they were landing from the ship, and afterwards in going about the streets. Choy Ming was recalled. Asked by the judge to look in the witness box, and say whether the man and woman were not her parents, she de clared they were not. She had never seen them in her life. In saying they were her paronts, the old man and woman were forsworn. Ah Sing, her brother, would confirm her story. Ah Sing was called. Was Choy Ming his sister ? Yes, Choy Ming, he answered, was his sister. Were the old man and woman his parents ? By the bones of his ancestors—no i He had never seen those old people before, and he was certain they were not the parents of Choy Ming. Unable to believe a word of the evidence on either side, the magistrate dismissed the case. Choy Ming went home with Ah Sing and Ah Lee, and nothing more was heard about her till yesterday, when Bhe appeared in Stout's Alley and claimed a refuge with the old couple as their child. On being asked about her evidence in the court, she sayß she went home with Ah Lee, and stayed with him some time, because Ah Sing frightened her by his threats. She has been living on a ranch in the country, but has now left the two men. Ah Sing, she says, is not her brother, and she likes the old folks better than the two men. Ah Lee and Ah Sing both ill-use her, and she is tired of being their wife. Choy Ming, I learn, is scarcely thirteen years of age I Another case is that of a disputed cargo of female slaves—a case still pending in the higher Courts. About the Chinese women who are brought to San Francisco there is unhappily no more mys tery than about the Circassian girls who used to be exposed for sale in the markets of Cairo and Damascus. They are slaves. On coming to San Francisco with their owners, they pay no landing fee to the Sixth Company; for these women, having no place in the Chinese system of family worship, require no sending back to China after death. Like beasts that perish, these female slaves are hidden out of sight The stories of these girls are often very sad. Some of them are sold by their fathera, for the poorer daas of Mongol peasants always sell their girls, just at the Indian savages always sell their squaws. Many are stolen children, trapped and carried off by scoundrels who beaet the hamlets near the coast In every Chinese port there is a market for auoh wares. At Hong-Kong they have to be passed by an official, but this official is too often satisfied with a form. One dealer, passes thnto or four girls m his daughters ; a second dealer tries to bring out five or six as his wires. A consul scrupulous on the score of polygamy, may refuse to pass so large, a house hold ; but the rascal has only to go to one of the lodging- houses where emigrants are waiting, and bestow a wife on each moon-face—for the voyage. Under these arrangements the girls arrive in San Francisco, and are here sold, like Choy Ming, to anyone who happens to want a female slave. Eager to meet a practical evil by practical remedies, the Calif ornians have passed a law em powering the port authorities to inspect all vessels coming in from Asia, and when they find a cargo of females on board suspected of being slaves, and obviously brought over for immoral purposes, to require the company to carry them back. A cargo soon arrived, for many merchants are engaged in this abominable trade. " You cannot land these women," said the port officials. "We shall see," replied the merchants, who had bought the girls on speculation and were anxious for a profit on their wares. They went to law. The first Court at San Francisco justified the authorities, on which the merchants carried an appeal to Chief-Justice Wallace, in the Supremo Court at Sacramento, who sustained the verdict of the local Court Foiled in their design, they went into the Circuit Court of the United States, pleading that the laws of California are in open conflict with the American Constitution, and are therefore void in San Francisco, part of the territory of the United Btates. The Judges of the Circuit Court adopted this view. Fretted by this verdict in the Circuit Court, the people of California are carrying an appeal to the Supreme Court in Washington; but while Chief-Justice Wait* and his venerable brethren are straining over point* of law the -female slaves are coming in, and a free American State is not at liberty to protect her streets against this moral leprosy. What have the Calif ornians done that they are hindered from shutting their gates on these importers of female slaves f The Judges say the soil is free. A female slave becomes a free woman the moment she seta her foot on Californian ground. But who is to tell such a creature as a Chinese slave that she is free ! Who is to explain to her poor in telligence what is meant by free soil f A slave in her own country, she has never heard of women of her olass being free. In San Frandseo she is neither more nor less a slave than she was in Canton or in Pekin. And yet no power can hinder the slave-dealers from pouring their abominable cargoes through the Golden Gate i "Just listen to this drivel," pleads the Senator; "the President treats this Asiatio Question as though it were a question of the minor morals I" Here are the President's words: "I cell the attention of Congress to the generaUy- oOßeeded fact that the great proportion of Chinese immi grants who come to our shores do not come ostensibly to make thtir homa with us and their labor productive of general prosperity, but they come under a contract with head- men, who own them almost absolutely. In a worse form does this apply to Chinese women. Hardly a per. eeptible percentage of them perform honorable labor; they are brought for shameful purposes, to the disgrace of the community where settled, and to the great demoralisation of the youth of those localities. If this evil practice can be legislated against, it will be my pleasure as well as duty to enforce any regulation to ensure so deniable an end." In Californian eyes such words seem poor and weak. "If you compare this Message with the actual facts, what can you call such words but dnvel r The Senator proceeds: M Here, in Sacra mento, we have no illusion on the subject of this coming in of Asiatio scum. The mandarins are emptying all their oesspook on our coast Tou doubt! I tell you China is an overcrowded country, where people swarm beyond the means of life. They fill the land with crimes. Millions are paupers, millions more are slaves. In Cali fornia the mandarins have found a penal colony, to which, through our cupidity and folly, they are now transporting their vagabonds, criminals, and harlots. They are might/ smart, those mandarins, for they not only rid themselves of social filth, but make these outcasts bear the cost of their removal from the interior to Hong- Kong. With all your cleverness, you English have not yet been able to persuade an Australian colony to receive your malefactors. We, too, are clever fellows; but we Californians have found no means of emptying San Quentinandthe ¥*tintn quarter of San Francisco into the suburbs of Pekin. These heathens beat us from the field. What is the President's remedy for these enormous evils ? The Chinese come under head men, who own them almost absolutely; the women come as slaves, for shameful practices. If these evils can be legislated against, he will try to help us to administer the law 1" " Tour President is busy in the South." "The South 1 I tell you, Sir, that Negro trouble in the South will pale ere long before this Mongol trouble in the West In all our battles for the soil this contest is the hardest and most dangerous. In New Orleans you see the best and worst of African Sam. He stands in front of you; so many rank and file; behind him no reserves. But Asiatic John is a mystery. Tou cannot count him, in and out, or march about him, back and front He comes across (he sea in thousands; nay, in tens of thousands ; yet these thousands and tens of thousands are but heralds of the mighty host Millions may come where thousands came, and tens of millions whence the tens of thousands came." Is it mere frenzy to imagine such a swarm of Asiatics arriving at the Golden Gate? In former days America was fed from Asia ? Why not be fed again ? The men are on the other side. The sea lies open to their ships. The transport pays. "We are little more than thirty millions of White people," adds the Senator; "they are upwards of three-hundred-and-sixty millions of Yellow people. So, to spare us fifty millions would be nothing to them, while the gift would be death to us." The Senator is right A drain of fifty mOUonfl from the Five Provinces would leave thorn provinces as densely crowded as Ireland was before the famine. It would wiy the Govern ment of Pekin to hire ships ana send these fifty millions out Spread about the United States, a* laborers for wages always spread themselves •bout, fifty millions of Mongols would yield a safe majority in every ballot-box from Oregon to the Gulf of Mexico. Who says they will never come ? Who knows what men will dare when pressed by want! Hunger has broken through stone walls and braved tempestuous Mas. Failure of a root transferred a third part of the Irish people to America ; though an Irish kerne is just as fond of his native soil as a Mongolian peasant. Who knows the future of the tea-plant ? We have had a vine disease and a potato-blight. Suppose the tea-plant wen to fail T If such a disaster should convert China into another Ireland, the people would have to leave it in millions. If a seventh part of the Chinese people came over to America, they would swamp the ballot-boxes, and under a Republican Constitution they might assume the ruling power. 