The Novelist. Silverwater Bend ; or, TWENTY-FIVE YEARS OF AUSTRALIAN LIFE. BY DONALD CAMERON Author of "Scripopolis," &c.;, &c.; Though shadows gather sunshine fades, And life appears a vale of sorrow ; Faint is the heart that God upbraids. The sun will shine again to-morrow. SCENE V. PERCY wandered down the creek listlessly revelling in the mystical poetry and weirdness of the landscape, and the romance of night scenery. One of his moments of inspiration had come upon him, and for the time he seemed lifted above the common things of the world and exalted into a region far beyond the routine of ordinary life. He walked with the mighty intellects of the past ; he invested the world with feelings and ideas that belonged not to it, just as the beautiful moonlight created a new panorama. Minds like Percy's have the peculiar power of transforming every- thing of giving a new and unreal life to the most trifling objects. They live in a delicious dream- sphere of their own embodiment. Alas ! that it should fade away like the glow on the mountain, in the morning, when the inspiration faded, when the dreamers begin to experience what real life is. Percy belonged to a class which may be said to never outlive youth, or, rather, they change so greatly that their peculiar modes of thought vanish when the brow begins to corrugate and the face becomes bearded. Those of the claes who carry their feelings with them into mature life become poets. Yet it is a question whether they are possessed of such great depths of the true element of poesy as the birds whose inspiration ends with their early man- hood. The man who wreaks his thoughts upon expressions, and becomes know to the world as a bard, is simply gifted with the power and the patience to put his thoughts upon paper ; the unknown songsters think poetry, but do not write it. But they are those who understand and appreciate the poet, and interpret him to the grosser species of mankind. Percy sought tbe woodland, for the naked fields, over which the moonlight threw an even effulgence, were not to his taste. Where the cultivated fields ended, lower down the stream, a deep forest rose on each side of the stream, composed of the gnarled, fantastic, white gums and the dwarf, elf-like she- oaks. But much as Percy loved that scenery, his great delight was the Oak Avenue, as it was called. Here the stream ran almost in a straight line, and on each side grew a row of the swamp oak, a tall species of pine, the leaves of which sound in the breeze like the dying whisper of a siren, and to souls like Percy convey meanings that few pens can transcribe. Listening to the wailing of the pines, Percy would be at once wafted into a visionary land where all manner of shadowy beings lived, Where dull mortality was un- known, and where was an eternal enchant- ment. To sit there on a moonlight night, watching the shadows of the trees quivering in the stream, and listen- ing to the wail of the pines, while he wove many a fairy romance, was Elysium to the warm young soul. Oh, that his dream should have so fearful an awaking. Seeking spot which was shadowed by a tall oak, Percy sat on the brink of the stream and surrendered himself to a sweet reverie. He pictured to himself the great city so far away, its brilliant lights, splendid buildings, and varying concourse of human life ; its great rewards for the sons of genius ! He saw himself famous, worshipped, beloved, happy, the world at his feet, the wishes of his heart realised, his parents happy in his success, his— "Dreaming, young man, dreaming !" said a deep voice, at his shoulder. Percy's visions were at once shattered, quicker than tbe brittle ware in Alnas- char's basket. He turned and saw Mad Harry standing beside him. "What, you here, Harry ?" said Percy ; "I thought you had gone away to Armidale to have a good spree." "Ha, ha !" said the strange man, laughing unnaturally ; "that is the mode by which I obtain dreams now. Once they cause as readily as yours do at present, but I have to force them since manhood dawned upon me. Ah ! Percy, Percy, how well I fathom your thoughts, how easily I can enter into your aspira- tions, for have I not passed through every phase of thought which is being evolved in your breast. I pity you. Dream on, my boy, dream on ; the day will come, as the old preacher said, when you will see no pleasure in these things, when, having had enough of dreams, you will try to realise them, and find every- thing lighter than vanity. Dust and ashes, dust and ashes, bitter apples of Sodom, that appear outwardly fair to the sight, but within are wormeaten. But it is the fate of youth to gather those apples on the shores of the Eternal Sea, to treasure them, only to find their worthlessness in the end ; to live to discover the whole a delusion, love a fleeting show, poetry an unsubstantial shadow, fame a mocking ghost, life an endless disappointment, the hereafter an unfathomable mystery— nothing, nothing left but the dull, flat plain of prosaic routine, the arid plain where man has to labour, like a beast of burden, for the wherewithal to keep a diseased and miserable body together. Oh, it is laughable, laughable—ha, ha, ha !" It was with delight, mingled with terror, that Percy listened to this strange being ; delight, because this was a genuine scene in a romance, something entirely out of the ordinary groove, a new sensation ; terror, lest this madman might take some strange whim into his head, for Mad Harry had done many terrible and inexplicable things in his time. "Listen, Percy," said Mad Harry, "I have gone through all this ; there is not a sensation, not an experience in the whole range of human life that I have not had ; there is not a height but I have climbed, not a depth but I have sounded, and I tell you it is all hollow, hollow, hol- low. The happy man is he who vegetates, who has no aspirations, no wish beyond the day. You are not of that class ; you are like the bird that dashes its breast against the cage to obtain freedom, only to be bewildered by the new world it flies out upon, to be devoured by the kites and vultures in the impure air. Why should I not stop this ? What prevents me letting, out your soul into a world where disappointment is said not to exist, for surely if there is a heaven such as you should claim admis- sion, while, if you are allowed to live, hell, if there is hell such as Aunt Elsie loves to paint, must be your doom. What prevents me ?" And, to Percy's horror, the madman flourished a huge knife in his face, the moonbeams glinting fearfully upon the bright steel blade. This was carrying the sensation too far ; the romance of the situation was carried into the region of tragedy. Yet so strangely was Percy constituted that he felt a thrill of pleasure at being at last the hero of a real exciting event ; his life had been so dull hitherto. Still, life is sweet evert to the romantic, and Percy grasped Harry's hand and tried to hold it. "Surely you would not harm me, Harry," said he, in a tremulous voice ; "the little boy you always loved. You would not kill the son of your bene- factor ?" "It is for that reason I would kill you," said Harry, without the slightest change in his voice. "It is because I love you, because I revere your father, that I would kill you, that you may never pass through bitter experiences, as I have done. It is better." Percy thought it was time now to call for help. He cast his eyes around hope- lessly, and looked upon the loved scene as if for the last time. It was so hard to die in the sweetest time of life, to leave all his noble schemes unfulfilled, to depart from the bright and glowing scene and take a leap into that Unfathom- able Land of which his strange com- panion had spoken. Besides, so strong had been Aunt Elsie's influence that the poor boy had a great dread of death, which to his mind, through her teachings, was but the passage to hell, where the torments were unspeakable, where the worm ceased not gnawing and the fire was not quenched, for he had never felt himself to have been "born again," without which, Annt Elsie held, it was impossible for anyone to enter heaven. Besides, according to that worthy female, he had condemned himself to the hottest of fires and most evil smelling of brim- stone, by reading books spiscially written by inspiration of the devil, and aspiring to write similar works ; added, therefore, to the regret for the loss of life, was the terrible dread of what was to follow. So wonderfully strong are the first teach- ings of youth. The Maori, who has been converted to Christianity, and proved an exemplary member of the church, turns to his Atus, when in the pangs of dissolution ; as the atheist, who has mocked God when in full strength and health, calls appealingly upon His name when the throes of death have come. Percy, however, perhaps unfortunately for himself, was not so near death as he thought. His beseeching cry for help seemed to awake in Harry's mind some gleams of reason. He drew his knife back, put it in his belt and released Percy. "No, no," said he, as if speaking to himself ; "the time has not come. If I relieved you of the burden, death would soon be my own part, for the law would not understand my action. I cannot die. I have much to do yet— I have to bring to the grave in dishonour one man ; I have to be avenged on the race of another— I thought I saw one of them to-night. When my task is done I will lie down and die without a murmur. Good-night, Percy." Aud he hurried away, and was lost in the shadows, just as Frank and Jimmy, with some others, ran up. Relieved of danger, Percy felt quite exultant at being the hero of an adven- ture so far beyond the slow course of his life heretofore. He almost felt a half regret that Harry had failed to kill him. What a sensation there would be ; his name would be in all the papers ; he would be the talk of the whole country ; all kinds ot mysterious reasons would be given for the deed ; he might absolutely. be put into a book by some more fortunate and longer-lived writer ; and what bitter sorrow the family would feel ; even Aunt Elsie would shed tears. How delightful all that would be— if he could have dispensed with the act of dying. As it was, the occurrence created a great sensation, Jimmy and Frank wanted to start after Mad Harry at once, and have him arrested, but Percy would not hear of it, and the party returned home, discussing the strange event in all its bearings. Percy crept into his bedroom, where the stranger was sleeping soundly, his journey having thoroughly wearied him, the moonlight streaming on his hand- some face and classical bust. As Percy looked upon him, the clean cut lips moved, muttering something unintelli- gible, and a strange smile passed over them. Percy at once began weaving a romance about this strange youth, and, occupied in this pleasant occupation, and thinking of the great "party and dance" which was to be given at Silver- water Bend the next night, he fell asleep. 