fmt olffley of lIsgigigFi, »ir B. 'UOUKIE^ET flJEPtisbx. ; The song was not, perhaps, n -drawing-rooffi ditty, hoi- was it jjaiticulaily aeusible, but, wliat ever its merits as a«omj»sitloiVit5vas 'diie tnstt, at Aldersliot, at the Cun«gb, and otiisr' places where these men-of-M-ai- cougi«sate, may frequently be lieaid at the sninll horns, mingliug viiUif the hoarse cliallenge of the sentry, the traini) of 'the relief,' and other Bounds whicligo towards lual.iug night hideous iu a camp. With its present aiudignce it seemed to be agi'eat favourite, and, -vvha1;vrti8 much more to the j)oiiit, they all seemed to.Tajfl.w fcptli the air and the -words of. the chorus, so that wJien they all buvst out iu full ciy there ws nbtthat usual discoi'd 'which chai'acterisesch.orusea at if hit o'clock in Uie morning, wlieu, as a rule, eveiryonfe siugs bis own au-, and puts his own words. TOe/result was a rich burst of hajinoiiy, which rollod ohrough the ojisn -nindoir, out into tue stillness of. the morning with an effect that gave to the wor-?.s a solemnity and pathos they -were otherwise 'ifiu- from pre possessing:— ' Wrap me np in my iarjaifuiv jacket t And say a poor buffer hVj Ion : And six stalwart Laneei's/filiaflcurrVmc With steps mouruf ui, folemta, aud slow I At the nclucosiou of the song them was a tremen dous outburst of applause,.- aud tren the seutry tapped the butt end of bis lance*approvingly on.' the )-aveiuent. Long aftev the cJiorus bad died away Blanche Verekei- foirid herself repeating tlie line, ? And six stain-art L/ucers shall carry me,' with tears in her eyes,, ?What ridiculous nonsense!' she said, Irastily brushing away the tears. ' 1 suppose it nnust be because I'm rather tfj-ed and wearied with, sitting up so late.' Nevertheless, she still sat at the* window pensive aud listless, sometimes buried in thought, some times humming the .siiuule plaintive air she had just heard soine/of the words of wlaicli kcipt ringing in lier ears. She felt very unhapjiy. She hairdly huew why ; or rather, she felt as if she dare awt question her self too severely to lind out the reason why. Per haps it was that she w.as overtired ; or, iierhaps, it was a consciousness of having taken a certain step too hastily,- and a discovery tl/at all her girlish notions about her insensibility might, after all be fallacies, that made her lieel weary and sick at heart. For some time she remained like tbis ; then her thoughts got confused, the noifie in the mess-house opposite seemed to grow fainter and more indis tinct, tili at last, with her ff.ir head bowed clown between her hands, she slejit. &ov; luow long she did not know, but when ehu woks?, feeding chilled, weary, it was nearly broadftiayliglit, aud the niess houEo opposite was quiet aud clesertod. Nothing broke tlie stillness excej/t an occasiijnal roar of laughter from oue of 'the houses occupied by the subalterns of the r/iginient, and termed the ' Hooker)'.' The iirst thiug that came to her uii.ud when she awoke was the song she bad heard, and the first thiug she did was to hum the wouds, ' And sis. stalwart Lancers shall! carry me.' /She was just trying to think whateaniuue.tl, wlueu one of the doors of the ' rookery/ was opened, find a ligure iu mess dress, with a bottle of champaj ,'ne slung by a strap over his shoulder, aiida glasii iu his hand, issued forth with an unsteadiness of gait, and a Jack-luslreness of eye, that betokeu/jd he had been keeping up the festivities of thu evening, 'not wisely, but too well.' Blanche looked at this extraordinary apparition in amazement. ' Why, it's the Dromedary's owner, 1 de clare ! What, iu the uaiue of e verything that's wonderful, can he be going to Uo? 1 must get my opera glasses. Wry, this i a as good as a play.1 Jlr. Molter — for of course it v/as that young gentleman— however, did not lewe her long in I doubt as to his intentions; for by the time she had I returned to the wiudow with her glasses, he was half-way up a ladder, placed agauist a scaffolding, used for the purpose of W/pairiurg the small clock tower surmouutmg the cfehtral Jolock of one of the sides of the square, and was still proceeding up wards with an agility which, 'contrasted wonder fully will) bis movements on ieirafirma. Having arrived at the summit of the ladder, aud gained a I looting on the scaffolding, h'is iirst act was to do literally what so many puon'le do figuratively, kick over the ladder up which he had climbed to his present high position ; ancV, as it ffjl with a crash, aud broke ucross the top «of au adjacent wall, he laughed inanely. Having suaicieutly recovered from the mirth in cidental to such a, circumstance, ho went on to climb up a smaller ladder noting, un the roof of the siuall clock tower, ainl k'iidiug to- within a few feet of the vane at its summit. Blauche's first impulse, when she became aware of the, apparently, suicidal intention o£ the young officer, was to awake Fane ; bu'c a good-natured consideration for the dulinqueul.,, and a selfish oue for herself, determined her to allow that stern commanding oincer and uxorious spouse to slumber ou peacefully iu ignorance. So she sat without stirring, watching into ntly, and with her horror increasing with every step the climber gained in height, until at last die exclaimed to her self, ' What foolish madness ! 'Why on earth did not the sentry stop him:-' The sentry, however, albeit he had looked on aghast at the whole proceeding from its very commencement seemed to think it no business of his, for he possessed — from » military poiut — a well disciplined mind, and in his eyes an officer, like a king, ' could do no wrong ;' or he may have thought that, at all events, an oflicer's neck was his own private property; or, what is more probable still, he did not think anything at all about the ijuestiou, as we hav«s it on the highest poetical authority that, as a soldier and a light cavalry soldier iu particulfir, 'his' was 'not to reason why. So, unmolested, Mr. 31-.ilter continued his ascent, a striking instance of tho old saying concerning tlie extraordinary protection extended to young children, old women, and iuebriated per sons. Just as he had climbed to the top of the small roof, and Blauclie had decided upon wakeuing Fnue Vereker at all risks, a noisy little group of subalterns poured out of the ' Kookery' into the square, upon which Jfr. Molter gavo them a feeble aud tremulous ' hooray !' ' I can see bis face quite xilainly with ray glasses,' said Blanche to herself. ' lie doesn't look at all comfortable.' She was quite right. He neither looked nor felt comfortable. The fact was, that as long as he had been looking up he felt tolerably clear-headed and secure, but directly lie looked down from his dizzy height he felt giddy, aud his head began towhiil strangely. The anore he looked down the worse he got and the worse he got, tlie more he looked down and longed to be once again on mother earth. Blanche looked on, spell-bound, and with a sickening dread thst every momeut there might be a crash and a shriek aud— the rest was too hor rible for her to dwell upon. She did not awake Fane. She knew he could do nothing more than any of that small group of young subalteius, some of whom had tried the broken ladder, uiiich only reached half-way : others, the Jire laduer, which did uot reach much farther, while another, as we know, had gone in quest of older aud cooler heads. ' Here is Tom Bullkley, and Captain G-wyn with him ! ' she exc!aimed, thankfully. Now I feel certain soinelhiapwill be doue. 1 know one of those two ineu jvill be tlie one to act.' She did not like Gwyn, but she could not help respecting liuu ; there was souietbiug so decided ana sCeiJiu gabout him. * Yes, Uiatfe Captain Gwyn calling out lo Mr. Molter. 1 wonder what they'll do? They're talk ing amongst themselves. Yes, I knew it,' Elie exclaimed, excitedly, sis she saw Tom throw bis jacket off. ' I knew it ! ' she repeated, striking the wiudoy-sill with her small clenched fist. ' 1 ] knew lie vas as true as steel! 1 was certain he j would be the oue! What, in Heaven's name, is he; going to lo ? He cau't be going to climb up that rickettyJooking scaffolding, ne is taking his spurs of — how cool and collected he is! JJe hits got a toil of rope over his shoulaer — yes, he is going Jo climb. There he goes ! How strong and , activeneis! If I had not thought you handsome and minly-lookhig before, Tom Bullkley, I should now. Your face looks lovely — positively lovely, Tom, with your niouth set, and your head thrown back as you struggle on, nnd your violet eyes turned upwards, looking for the next place to hold on to. A (slip— a rotten piece of timber —a knot of r-pe on the scaffolding, carelessly lied, and— oh, Cod! 1 cant bear to- think of it! 'And sis tal tvajtXancerfl' shall .Ssany nie! ' : Bob- Gibse^ordB haunt me. I can't look any vmbre.' iThere are. tiie then ill crowding at the windows. Those must lip the men of his troop. where they're all pressing and struggling so excitedly. 1 heard that they all adored him, and uo wonder. I -cant bear to look aj him— it's too awful ! How the men are strain iag aud pressing to feee! -ni look at their faces. I cau tell hy them what's going on. 1 can hear theni saying, ' Well done ! '—So it ie-^nid ? God bles8%6u, eir ! ' Yes, so say I, God bless him i 1 Ao dedare I heard an Irishman say, 'Toin, ye darliut!'— So be is. I'd like to give that man a live-pound nole. Gracious J there'* & cheer from oue— there's aupther ! Why; there's Mr. Hotter ou the -ground, and here's Tom Bullkley coming down. There he is standing talking to Captain Gwyn, as il' he bad done nothing. How tlie men sire cheer ing him. Oh, I. can't stand this ! 1 ihuetcry. I feel breaking down altogether.' ' What the devil is going on ? Is tlie whole re giment drunk ? and what are you doing up at this time of the morning, Blanche !' As Blanche dropped off to sleep, she thought to herself, ' I declare 1 look upon Tom Bullkley more as a brother than a friend.' Ciiiuld she have read her heart, she would have found neither brother nor friend written there, Could l?aue have have read it, he would have found ?the death warrant of his life's happiness. She would have seen another word, not friendship, faintly and indistinctly inscribed, but which, as a word written iu iuvisible ink, comes out before the heat of a lire, would strengthen day by day, until, in blood-red cliaracters, it would be no longer iuvisible to her mind's eye. But all, honour to her! She herself did uot know where friendship had ended and a warmer feeling had begun! CHAPTER IX. JtES AKGUSTA DOJU. All is not pleasure in this world ; there is some pain,' thought Kit Trevor, recalling the words with which Doctor Bircham used always to preface the iirst whack of his cane. This early acquired axiom occurred to him a few nioruings after the ball, as he sat iu lus quarters making up his accounts with not quite such a cheery expression of face as usuai ; while Vic — a little dog of the fox terrier breed — sijuatted at his feet, with her sharp little head cocked ou one side, watching her master's movements with apparently intense in terest, and receiving the remarks he occasionally addressed to her, by way of easing his troubled mind, with an attention and play of couuteuance little short of humau wisdom. ' There is nothing like business in these matter?,' said Kit, witli a sort, of idea we have met with in older heads than his, that if hills are strictly ex amined, carefully added up, neatly docketted, aud then put away, that one is really doing a great deal towards extricating oneself iroui the slough of debt; as if the bills, when left undisturbed, would, of their own free agency, lind a way of paying themselves off, or, at all events, of becoming ' small by degrees aud beautifully less.' ? Sow,' said Kit, settling himself down to his work, aud manfully determining to grapple with his dilh'culties, ' tins is a very sez-ious monetary crisis, demanding all my what-ye-may-'em, aild that sort of thing ; but one lias only to buckle to, and all one's troubles melt away like snow before the sun.' Here Kit again paused, perhaps going through tlie preparatory and thawing process of ' buckling to.' If so, it was hardly as successful as he had an ticipated, for the troubles, in the shape of the pile of bills before him, exhibited no melting away tendency whatever, .but continued to present that unprepossessing appearance which characterises documents of their nature . ' Always begin with the receipted ones,' said Kit, singling out with a glow of satisf action, and with very little difficulty, one solitary and very small bill, of this description, and puttiug it on one side, after which liis labours iii this particular direction came to a full stop. ' Let's see what have we here. Messrs. Hobby and Gaiues, hunting breeches ; Gammond, ditto ; Hartley tops. Well, hang it, you know ; one cau't grumble at these ; they're necessaries. One must have 'em. Tailor's— phew ; that's a snorter— says he has heavy engagemwits to meet. Well, sohave 1, aud he's got mure money to meet 'em with than 1 have, so ne must wait. One cau't say any fairer than that, can one, Vic. Cigars — now who the deuco would have thought that a lellow could have smoked all this money's worth in six months. Oh, dear!' said Kit, whose spirits were rapidly running down, as the ghost of every departed pleasure or amusement for the host six months seemed to rise reproachfully before him iu the shape of a hideous bill ; ' Oh, V ic, Vic, you happy little dog, how I envy you ! You've no debts ; nothing to worry you. You don't like cigars;' and hero Kit puffed a cloud of 6iuokeuito Vic's up turned attentive little face. ' Ah_, I thought you didu't' he continued, as Vic manifested by much shaking of the head, and sundry eniffs and sneezes, that her master was perfectly right there. 'You can have yonr hunting without any bother or expense. You cau go and hunt rabbits and hares without boots and breeches aud horses. Nothing to stop you !' Vic looked as it she thought there -were such things as gamekeepers, and poachers' snares, aud many other little inconveniences which interfered nearly as much with her style of hunting as the waut of breeches, boots, and horses did with his. ' Yes, Vic, you're a happy little dog ! no debts ; no troubles!' Vic's nostrils twitched, and she gave a low plain tive little whine, as if she were bursting to launch out into an account of her own trials, which, could she have spoken, would have been something to this effect:— 'Ah that litter of puppies! what a * to-do ' there was when two of them were ruth lessly torn from her, and drowned in the waterbutt ! Aud what anxiety aud worry there had been about rearing the remainder — aud their father, too. Ah, that was a trial . lie had been cut off iu the prime and vigour ol dug-hood,, by a shortsighted gentle man whose defective vision did nut enable him to detect, at a short distance, any difference between dogs and rabbits. Yes, her life hadn't been with out its griefs and woes. But wljat was the use of dwelling on them ! ' So she looked up at Kit, cocked liar head more than «m- on oue side, planted her fore feet suddenly out in front o£ her as far as she could roach, and with a sharp little bark, seemed to iuvite him to play, aud drive away dull care by a good game of romps. This invitation war at once responded to, and a succession of ima giuary cats aud rats were hunted down, aud wor ried under the chairs and tables in the most ap proved style; after which, Kit, with renewed vigour resumed his labours. These were soon in terrupted by the entrance of a young rnau in un dress uniform, who expressed his surprise at Kit's occupation sn a somewhat vigorous style oi speech, aud then delivered himself of an opinion generally condemnatory of the practice of paying any attention ot affairs of a pecuniary nature. ? You should do as I do,' said this young gentle man, who was the Honourable Itegjiiald Bruntou, a brother officer of Kit's : ? you should do as I do ; 1 never bother my head about bills; they always coinc round all right, somehow. 1 always let the whole thing slide? This last speech was not a bad index to the speaker's character. He was one of those careless creatures, whose very recklessness carries them safely over every obstacle. He lived a sort of a ' merry-go- rouud-existeuce. Everything disagree able or unpleasant was, to use his own expression, allowed to ' slide,'and when affairs looked glooiny, or would have done so to anyone else he surveyed tliem with a calm indifference, derived from the pleasant conviction that they would ' come round all right, somehow,' which, in his case, they invari ably did. Most of the Jewish money-lenders possessed a through knowledge of his name, his expectations, and his signature : aud the fact of a | few's bill for a few hundreds falling due when he i had about as many pence to meet it, disturbed the ' even tenor of his serenity to about the same extent as the pop of an old Brown Bess at a review might have upset the equanimity of the iron Duke. ! SrAitcn 1'omsh. — (Jet two ounces of white gum ! arabic, and pound it to a jiowdcr ; next put it into a pitcher, and pour on it a nint of boiling water ; then tover it, and let it stand over night ; in the morning jxrar.it -iiircruiij 'r?m the dregs into a cleau bottle and \ i-ork it tightly, and keep it for use. Cement fob Mendixg China.— Take a Verv thick , i solution of gum-arabic and water ; stir in tbc'flonr of ! jil&Bter; of Paris until it becomes a thin,^], paste ; j ajjply with a brash to the broken edge. an-l place j them together ; let them dry a while. i'l,e whiteness ' of. the cement renders this recipe doubly valuable 