SHAKESPEARIAN RECITAL. At the Mechanic Institoto last evening Mr John Bobson gave a recite! of Shakespeare's tragedy of " Hamlet," end afforded another intelleotcal treat to those who attended the hall. Both floor and bal cony were well filled, the front seats especially being packed. In choosing "Hamlet" for re cital, Mr Robson undoubtedly toek the tragedy of All others most difficult, and which even professionals would feel a diffidence in handling as a recital, bat etill one which, if successfully rendered, Eta nips the reader as in elocutionist end a scholar at onoe. Judging by Mr Robsuu'e previous success on his last appearance as an exponent of the beauties of Shakespeare, we did not anticipate for a moment that he would fail to do justice to Hamlet ; but his excel lent reading, discreet conception, and elocution soon plainly showed, that his Hamlet was even a greater success than Macbeth. Mr Robson, perhaps, was trifle nervous until the first soliloquy, but this he rendered with such nice discretion and em phasis as to cell forth .the well-merited ap plause of the audience. Ol course Mr Robeou recited the parted the other perioHe ct the play, in cluding the Queen and Oplitlia, and his remarkable variation in tone oi voice was not one of the least merits of the delivery, while the coetinnous story was bid - before the audience. The platform scene: with the" ghost was a clever piece of elocu tion and hc fog, as indeed were many sub sequent passsgns, winch showed that Mr Bobson was a thorough student cf the great poet. He, was fondly applauded at the end of every scene, and per haps the belt markjof appreciation wasihesfleBosthgt reigned daring the delivery of the p!ey. Altogether Mr Bobson mnst be congratulated upon his success ss srpadaatfop<ffiolarlyekiCGtioBist,aiid ftistobehoped" that he will afford the public more evenings of such en joyment. Miss Blanche Lewis acted Ophelia in the mad "eoenevery nicely, end received a recalL Itwaevclya Email part, but it was so well done that we could only' wish she had had mors to do in the play. We must not forget to mention that Hiss Ellis and Mr John Victor pleasantly varied the entertainment by each singing a couple of solos. Miss i llis sang, " When sorrow eleepeth, awake it not," and " fiweet spirit, hear my prayer," with her accustomed sncoees. Hr John Victor sang " Infelioe," from ' Ernani ;"«nd the vengeance song from ".Lncrecia Borgia." This gentleman" s fine cult! vat: d voice seems to find fresh favor on every < evasion, and last night he would un doubtedly have bad to repeat his first song had net encores been nrohffnted. Mrs Little presided at tbe pianoforte, and favored ths audience with some bril liant playing in the overture. It is euch entertain ments as these that should induce members to join the institute and if the committee follow them np there can hardly be any doubt of the result. 