ENTERTAINMENTS. THE THEATRES, &c.; On Saturday night last, at the Theatre' Royal, Mr. Dampier renefted his Agreeable relations with the Melbourne public. He had been absent eight months, and both in New Zealand and New South Wales, he had made good his claims to be considered an actor beyond the average. We, in Melbourne; knew this very well, when he was with as &s; oneof theBtockoompaayof theTheatre Royal. We know it all the more now, from the' evi. dences we have of his having resolved to think ont for himself the characters he plays; He selected "Hamlet" as the piece in' 'which to appear, and Ithinkhe did well, for,'; having played Hamlet some Utile time before1 he went away, hecoold be the better judged' as to-any progress he might have , made in its treatment He has altered his' mode of dealing with, the character not' a little, and some of his alterations, I1 make no question, will give rise to con-1 troversy. The put of Hamlet seems,1 especially, to be -the one which serves to; determine the direction that an actor of leading tragic characters will now-a-daya taka Probably it is the safer method to: abide by the established tola I have many: times saidithat.the spirit of conservatism' peculiarly distinguishes the stage, «nd every- j body associated with it,'both before and! .behind the curtain. By this time, however, j l anppoeer we may oonolude that, notwith-; Standing ibis conservative spirit, what is termed the Feahter, school of acting is .tolerably, well established; bat it was not established sayeiaftara good deal of oppoai ,tion iroentbe adherents of the Kemble -school, and>.«rsa!< yet the Kemble party anmbers many , adherents. But I think ,we .-baf#.;^ least , asaancipafed oofc selves from the supers titian,*t one Im . *niversal,,l that-iito elocutionary rale and jpeesus jplsn was the oxilr proper plan, and .that jtpy the stage insn ought not to siMpak wi.thw^ jn Abe ardinaiy re UUons otiU^ ^i^ibis refownationoan by no means be wnsildqrad, be complete. Jndeedkiit i* $n|r4aits, &st; beginning, and has npt «niv«4^ tbsstsgeof formulation, We»By hilw.thQ^uthof .this assertion; to be/the naprefflpqiUHtionV^. injfcatthere are asoopgthe ajU&mb; leW* neirer faith actors who, .iplqtatjing innovstipn lor im> piovement, sn4 chu?g% per ie., fpr reforma tio^ have altered without discretion, intent only upon acquiring a reputation fororigi* nality. No doubt this is an error of exoess; but iMs so far agood evidence, that itfchomr tfee direction of thonght among younger aotora, who, with every disposition to rever enoe the memory of Kemble, Kean, Young, and Macready, believe there is yet a degree of ptrfection which these great actors, with all Ueur well-meritfd reputation, did not com. prehend. : in this colony, we . were first practically made *ware of the change in the style of dealing with the higher poetio. creations of the stage by the late, always to be lamented, Walter Montgomery. He showed as bo* Eaxnlet oonld be represented, w> M, while ' -*1? poetic qualities, * ^ * et*6"«ted is ai human being 11^^! of ourselves. Afl a matter ot course, his tf1® ; to *» .» imitator of Feohter, of Devrient, and of Balvini, the two latter of whom, I know, he had never seen. But, at fallat*\be WM ®onfesssd to have inatf tated,'«ofar«8 this put of the world la con cerned, a new epoch. Hw Hamlet was different from all other Hamlet*, and moat peoptorwho saw it, deemed it to be «lso , tetter tban tbtwe with which we had been madefamiliar, more especially by Brooke, Charles Kean,..andi Barry Sullivan. Bat there-were not wanting those who professed to be dissatisfied, with it It waa too col. loqual, it was effeminate^ it had notthe quality of removedneas; it wanted the mas. BiveneBS of tragedy, it waa a drawing worn Hamlet, it waa not declamatory', there was not sufficient depth in it that,: he played it about 30 m this; city; and on every occasion to inu houses, mora, especially to fall dress circles, and for aome time afterwarda the Montgomery Hamlet waa the standard bfr which other Hamlets were judged. But at the present time, we seem as if we had agreed to take'two standards of comparison; differing very much from each other, so that. we accept traditional Hamlets and Hamlet which are of the new school, eaoh of which are apparently regarded as good ot their kind. Bnt while the one kind may b& Said almost to be out of the range of criti cism,,presenting nothing with which we are not familiar, the other offers a wide mark for comment inasmuch as we as we are con* fronted with new subject matter, which challenges inquiry. It would have beeii surprising, tbonfoMi if Mr* Dflmpier^ Hamlet had been taken as a matter of course. I make no question that although much of what ,he , does in it will be accepted without, question, the rest will excite debate. Thua it will probably be reckoned that he Jmb unnecessarily gone oat of his way to emphasise the passage, " He that plaja the .King shall be welcome," seeing that the context is not suggestive of Hatnlec'a having atthat time any purpose in his »»»nrt of referring to his uncle, but is speaking simply in a jocosely friendly way of the in terest he proposes to take in the players. Of the emphasis he puts upon the words "How chances it they travel, their residence both in reputation and profit was better both ways," it is at least poaiible that Hamlet was just then thinking that among the other bid consequences of hia uncle's usurpation, was aome tyrannical procedure on the part of his relative, from which the actors had Buffered,1 and then afterwards, when he learns that it has become the fashion to admin child aotors rather than up-grown ones, he says, "It is not Btrange, for mine uncle is King of Denmark.'' Heia ready, in fact to charge upon his uncle every calamity that has happened, lb. Dampier has been blamed also for giving an interpretation different from that com monly accepted,! to [the lines in which he declines to disclose to hia friends the com. munication just made to him by the Ghost" But Mr. Dampier did not originate that read ing? he accepted it It waa employed by Montgomery, and h* I am told, took it from Feohter, who probably borrowed it from1 Devrient And I must Bay I think good reason may be assigned why Hamlet should decline to tell Marcellua what the Ghoac had said, intending, as he undoubtedly, did,, to make it known to Horatio. For on the very next occasion that we find Hamlet and' Horatio together, Hamlet says " There is* pUy to-night before the Kin^; One Boene of It mm near the circumstance Wkieh I have told thee, of my father's death." Mr. Dampier, therefore, even if he had not the warrant ot authoritytooffer as his reason tor adopting this interpretation, might con clusively show that Hamlet's almost ex. travacant preference to Horatio, might well incline him to make a confidant of him and him only. Another disputed point is the colour Mr. Dampier imparts to the doggre1 lines ending with " Ibt at will mew, and dog will have Ids day." He lays stress upon the word king, and; Strengthen* the effect by making the King, oome in ffont of him at that moment Now,; when itis remembered that Hamlet has done a good deal of talking at the King in' pre., vious scenes- witnesa his extremely peraonal, references to him all through the play- scene-', it will be confeesed that Mr. Dampier ia not. entirely without reason for taking this view of thep*ssa«e. I do not say that it is either [ essential or desirable to take this view; Ionly aay it isnot an unreasonable tie w to t&ke.; Ij bave selected these passagfts for mention for; the reason that l am aware they have been! taken exception to. I hare no doubt that otherexoeptiofiBhaveAlso been taken, and I aih not gqfng to say 'that all the new inter pretations which tiistingnfoh Mr. Dampier's performance *>f the character, are entitled to nnresertod' appiova!,lnit I am sore a great nfany ot them'are,«nd I am also still more lute that1 on ?'the1 score of intelligence, oar*;' thought!alneps, and a general desire to |et atthe right meaning,' he de> serves high> praise lot his present version of Haulet- i&B; heorepeats it he<will, with out queaHon, find ceason to modifyeome of his preient cdntfuaions, bat in the-main he wfUkeefeoniLB'tts has begun. Hehascer tatalyliBken the right view of the character it*elf ; that ia tosay, he has concluded that Hamlet Was "mad-only when he thought it served his purpose to be mad, or, as some. body has ingeniously defined It, he was sane, with lucidintervals of madness. In the scene with Ophelia, after the aoliloquy, he does exiotly as Montgomery did, and with an equally effective result-that is to say, he, makes it apparent that Hamlet made his question; " Where's your father ?" the test of whether Ophelia was in league with the King and Polonies or not Hia coming back after hia exit, and tearing the letters Ophelia' had given him, it, to my|thinking, a quite natural act, and hia furtively kissing her afterward*, is In good contrast with.this explosion of wrath. Now and then, I ftfafc Mr. Dampier might judiciously moderate the fondness t>f some of the pnwiiin uliiim emphaeis is indicated; butladmifcthe temptation there always is, to indulge in loadJ neUjteeiDghow well it invariably takes with' pit end gallery, in the closet scene Mr Dampier commite the mistake, a yery com" monone, of emphaeining the woid my ia the line- ? i, .... ..... i V Mother, you tare jay I»ther mu0h afl«d.4.,,, ; j The wsd requiring tmphuig is you,: -J not n^LtMng thtt Hamlet never admits for a moment that hie uncle is to hifiant loco parni«i8. l repeat it that Hr> Damcter's merite outnumber- his deficiencies; and at any vate it is a good tiling when an actor, itbing away bom the grooveeof tradition, thinks oat for himself the meaning of iipart like H&mlet;, even if In doing so he should commit some errors of interpretation^ which a farther consideration will enable him to correct; - Concerning the rest bf > the cast ia "Hamlet" on Saturday, Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday, the principal variation from what we have been accustomed to, was Mr. Appleton's taking the part of the First Actor in addition to Osric. Need it be said that the First Actor was never better played, and that Osrio, for once, was not burlesqued. , Laertes, which was taken oat of Mr. Apple ton's hands and given to Mr. Hollo way, was not improved by the change. Mr. Gladstone did not play Horatio, and Mr. Taylor did, very respectably. Mr. Deorwyn most have been inconsolable not to have the oppot> tnnity of "going in" as the First Actor, and of being condensed Into Maroeltan A Mr. Brown played the Second Grave Digger very wel], and of those who did what they had done before, MisB Docy Stewart is to be strongly ptaised for the pleasant way in which she gave a very excellent representa tion of Ophelia. On Thursday "Hamlet" was withdrawn and " Narcisse " substituted. It is the same piece In which Mr. Bandmann made his first appearance in Australia. I am not clear that Mr. Dampier has quite comprehended the meaning of the character, which is that of dreamy misanthrope - having, however, a substantial reason for his misanthropy. Such a man would be prone to express himself a good deal as if he were thinking aloud. He would show strong feeling, but I think not any violence. It is worth Mr. Dampier's while to reconsider this character, with a view to its analysis and more subtle representation. At the Academy on Saturday night they revived "The Ticket of Leave Man," a piece which is thoroughly familiar at this date to a Melbourne audience. It showed Mr. Walton in quite a new light, and I may say at once that bis Robert Brierley is an admirable piece of acting, fall of feeling, unforced and characteristic as to all its details, more especially in respect of dialect and dress. Mr. Thome astonished everybody by his Jim Dalton, which, although a miniature edition, waB a great deal better than some editions of larger size that I have seen. His disguise in the office scene was a veritable dramatic Btudy of itself. Mr. Booth man has yet to learn how to play1 Hawkehawe. Mr. Wallace's Melter Mpgg was very clever. Mr. Hydes made no. thing of Green Jones; but Mr. Seville made a good deal of Mr. Gibson. Little Dixon played Sam as well as anybody r have ever Mien play it, and a great deal better than some others. She looked a boy, and comported heiself as a boy, and was fanny and mischievous without being in the least cutrie, I see in her much available material for other boy characters. Mr. DanielB, as a matter of course, got a good deal out of his small part of the tea-garden proprietor. Miss Anstead, aa May Edwards, looked a very model of suffering virtue. Miss Jessie Grey was as lively, as pretty, and aB graceful as you cotdd wish in the put of Emily St Evremond, and Mrs. Fitzwilliam gave a new, but not unacceptable, version of' Mrs. Willonghby. It "would have been pos sible to say that the scenic appointments were satisfactory bat for the scene of the bill-broker's office, which resembled a' baronial bonquetting . hall, save as to the counter, whioh was not at all in the banquetting-hall style, as the stage manager seemed to think by afterwards' using it for a drinking bac,, The last scene,1 however, of the St Niaholas churchyard, was' very well arranged, and creditable to Mr. GriBt, the artist " On Wednesday the bill included " Pygma-" JHon and Galatea," and an amusing pieoe, not' unfamiliar to a Melbourne andienoe, named " The Grown Prinoe, or the Buckle of Bril- \ liants." It :was well the last piece was j conpled with the other, for, while, the effect of the first wan depressii^.tjfc^tftf the latter' was cheering and extypantinig, A qhowed' Mr-jHtfep -at his bea^ SRob A piece and ^uohj-an. actor,, one can jb$1 4h*t, the .wwld ie not all jand apd.sirocpo, The plot of. this well-contrived oomedietta is taken' ftWi an old «toxy, whi<?h those fawiliflr jritb German, Jits»*Rte may have Ifc babble* with fen,. j#d Ieayes yoq siishiagthe^iiadJwenjmfflw^ it^. ... j. .i"Madame: L'Archidua,"givenfar the fine time in Afelboams on Monday night at fche Opera-boose, if an evidence of thedflcadencs of its oomposer, Offenbach. Th* story ia flimsy, and the Juuaio;is.iu flttingassodia with 4he-story. A pair of rusticaare mis taken for a count and oountesa; and lan. archduke, < who is also «n ass, creates the countess Madame L'Archidoc, 4n, which dignity Bhe plays pranks to the damage and alarm of the state. Finally people go back to their proper places. That ia all, positively. Miss Lewis played and Sang the principal 1 female character, and played and sang it ' so as toi excite your special wonder why ever J aheehoaldhave been considered aapabla] either of'acting or tinging. Mr. Bracy, J as the. leading. mala,, ^hantcter, . {lid ,| his best under the diffioulty of having an inexpressive part to sustain. Mr. ^ Templetor, as a Connt, {was bud; O. Leopold, as an Archduke, wnfofotsed into <nn»uakiDg which was not f nnny-^a wrader forhim, fmfc -nothis fault; liJr. Jolm Ford® was. lost u)ira. negation; lwrd, andsang hard,t<H>-fci fa®* hard alft>gethe^;ifts8 jwooldfidj^S^Ipl tfcsmM^deyarybpdy else iisffnjrflM. i ii^ppy. I do nipt thick anybody, wb4id^ lingfy hear "Madame L'Atdiida^ '^rfdjraaaiaoefc &($?..$$ , Si we 6k, to be supplemented by {tie eiAgagM of Mr. Levy, whose parformanoM an beydnd criticism, and now challenge only admlratffta, WilsoiH^ffr&itf; bpen&iT; on7 SatriFday night. Ithas suice.r&wed; and. blow»y t/'lj<wplir; but, like that other structure which was Inatt rip6n a toelty!^tl^#'- t6nt has stood its ground, and lisa ' Ibeen well attended, sb it baa deserv«dJI6 "ba'; for niw lt W a good cotapact circn^ witkexbel* ^ent' horses and; capable riders. MoreoVfer, MrJAyrey, who was well known herfeB&ae; yearsego, ifi one of the clowns, and'm not only'amuBeE yon generally, btit particulars andlocalty, for be avails himself of Bach topic? aa are passing current in men's minds, and gets fun out of them where your average man, and especially your average clown, would Bee only dulness. The U.S. Minstrels have been bridging their performances to acloBe,inthe customary benefit manner, and now they are going to Sydney, where they will be snre to please. And now the ball ls to be taken posaeagloa of for a while by the Simcmaau company, -«f whom great things are expected', and who, with so capable a head, -pre tolerably certain to fulfil expectations. On Monday night the Metropolitan Lieder tafel gave one of its Herren-abends at the Athenaeum. The performances, both insten* mental, solo-vocal, and choral, were all givan in the well-rehearsed manner which disfbfr guishes the doings of this prosperons society; and the enjoyment, therefore, of those pre sent may be considered to have been com. plete. TAHIfE. 