A Ghost at Castlemaine. CASTLEMAINE has a "real ghost," in which supernatural wonder our con- temporary the Mail has a half-concealed belief. This is what that journal says of the facts:—The gentleman who saw the apparition is not a" crazy spirit- ualist." He is a devout man according to the strictest sets of orthodoxy, who holds spiritism and its surroundings in holy horror and wholesome contempt, but, to use his own phrase - "seeing is believing." The gentleman has no objection to his name being known. He is Mr. Teal, of the post office. The locality is a villa near the Red White and Blue store, in Doveton Street, and the occasion was the night of the first of January. Mr. Teal, on approaching his house, saw then his sitting room brilliantly lighted up, somewhat to his astonishment, as he was not feasting his friends that night. He looked from the outside through the portion of the window which was undraped by blind or curtain, and then saw the "appari- tion," although he did not at the time regard it to be such. He saw emerge from a corner of the room, into which there was no egress, and which was occupied by a table, the figure of a young man, "pale as a ghost," and pensive. It moved to and fro, and the owner of the house was able to carefully observe the dress and features. Mr. Teal then perceiving that his visitor was alone, hastened to let himself into the house, and as soon as he got inside he immediately opened the door of the room in question, when to his astonish- ment, all was dark. All the inmates were at that time in bed and asleep, and there was no means of sudden egress for an uninvited visitor. He pro- cured a lamp and made search every- where, even to the extent of looking up the chimneys, but no intruder, or trace of intruder could be found. He is posi- tive there could be no trick as is sug- gested; he was in perfect mental and physical health at the time, and he says that his mind was not in anywise occu- pied with any thoughts which would lead to his imagining he saw the thing which certainly he says he did see. But the wonder does not end here. Next night, after he had retired to rest, the whole house was disturbed by knock- ings on the walls. He rose and made most careful search, both outside and inside, but found nothing that could in the faintest degree account for the phenomenon. So real did the latter become, that although circumstances compel the family to live there day by day for the present, they take all their departure directly the " witching hour of night" comes, not having any desire for ghostly company. Mr. Teal did not know before, but he has learned since, that the locality was associated with strange phenomena before. It is said that on one occasion a previous inmate felt the bed on which himself and his wife lay floating in the air. He had the presence of mind, so goes the story, to wet the paper on the wall with his finger moistened with saliva, and lo ! in the morning the marks were found to be close up to the ceiling. It is with much pleasure (says lho I Cooktovrn llerald of the SOth. ultimo) ?tbat -we have to record the fact that the first shipment of wool will be made by tlie Leichardl to-day, 2i bales, the produce of 2200 sheep, belonging to llr. R. A. T. Puriiii-, rtho has his sheep mnning ah the lLu<ieav(i?r, where they arc improving womlorfully, both gnus and climate beiuij aiiniiraWy aJapteiX for the class of sbcup sliom. Tlierc is not the sligliU'-st >Joabt that ero long we siiail have our expressed vrish consnm niuted, aiul that -will be the settlement around as of tiie- couatry, which <pc hear oa the mo- it implicit authority, i? . well adapted for sheep and cattle grow n 