THE BISHOP'S VISIT TO LITTLE RIVER. His Lordslup the Bishop of Melbourne has been fully engaged during liis stay in this city. On Wednesday, the 13 th inst., he left Geelong for Lara in the first train, accompanied by his Chaplain, the Rev. Canon Goodman. On his arrival ho was met by the Incumbent of the Station 1 eak Parochial District, and driven to \\\ ooloomanatta, to be the guest of Mr P. j * Armytage. After luncheon he was driven by Mr Armytage to the residence of Mr John Henry, Little River, where he was met by the trustees of the Church of England—Messrs Chesterfield, Chaffey, and Henry—and conducted by them to i the site of the proposed new building, in order that lie might lay the corner stone. There was a large assemblage of persons, who appeared to take a deep interest in the proceedings—indeed, it was quite re freshing, in this age of bustle and excite ment, to meet with a little company of people who were more anxious about their j spiritual welfare than their temporal. A I very impressive and appropriate service i was conducted by the Bishop's Chaplain, assisted by a large choir, under the con ductorship of Miss M'Cord. During the service the Secretary, Jlr T. Henry,°read the following address :— Right Reverend and Bear Sir,---Hearing that your Lordship has signified your inten tion of paying this portion of your diocese a visit, we thought that we could not express our pleasure at seeing you, and our gratitude j to our Almighty Father for having sent 3*ou among us, in a more appropriate manner than i by calling upon you to lay the foundation stone of a house which we are desirous of erecting to the praise and glory of onr dear Redeemer. Although we are hut a small ana feeble band, dwelling almost apart from the busy world around us, yet we rejoice in the knowledge of the fact that we form a part of the militant church of Christ on earth, and we look forward to the time when we shall join the triumphant church in Heaven. We are deeply thankful to the Great Head of the church for the blessm** we have enjoyed during the past 20 years inthe presence, sympathy, and instruction of a clergyman dwelling among us, which wo feel has not been without nrofit to us both tem porally aud spiritually; and we take the opportunity of expressing our appreciation of the assistance we receive from F. W. Armytage, Esq., of Wooloomanatta, in sup porting our minister, for we are fully aware it is due to his liberality under God that we are enabled to retain the services of a clergyman. But whilst we fully appreciate our advan tages, we trust that we none the less realise our responsibilities, for we should he un worthy of our Christian name if we ne glected to make acknowledgment to Him of onr many and great mercies by return ing a portion unto the Giver. As members I of the Christian Church it is our fervent prayer that we may be found faithful to our dear Lord and Maker, and have grace given to us to act np to the exhortation of the Apostle after whom we have chosen to name our Church, aud be found ' doers of the Word, and not hearers only.' We rejoice that the work in connection with the erec tion of this house of prayer (which twelve months ago, when first we contemplated it, was so beset with difficulties that we were almost afraid to undertake it) has been so greatly blessed by God, that we are able to day to look back upon all difficulties levelled, and forward to a speedy completion of our undertaking. The estimated cost of the building is £400, £210 of which has been already subscribed, and there is hardly a resident in the district who has not con tributed something towards the building fund. If or is this the extent of the liber ality we have met with, for several, as well as contributing inniley, are also very sub stantially assisting by contributions of ma terial and labor, the land also being the gift of ono of our number ; so that we have every reason to thank God for the help which Ho has so graciously afforded. We ask your acceptance of this trowel as a slight token of our regard for your person and office, and trust that you will continue to feel an interest in us, and at no distant period visit us again. Praying that you may be spared for many years, to live and labor with and among us. We have the honor to subscribe ourselves your Lord ship's veiy obedient servants. Johx Henry, William Chesterfield, Benjamin- Ciiaf f-ev", Trustees; Thomas Henry, Secretary." The Bishop's reply was to the following effect"I may as well say what I have to say to you now, instead of waiting until I have performed my part of tliis ceremony, particularly as y.ou have spoken to mo at this timo in an address which I have listened to with deep interest and atten tion. It docs not seem necessary for mo to say anything to you on this occasion about the important truths which concern your eternal welfare, for I am thankful to find, hy your address, that you seem to realise the value of eternal things. You know we may live for one of two things—■ we may either live for Timo or for Eter nity, If we live for Time, we may per haps succeed in amassing great stores of tliis world's treasures ; but if we live for Eternity, we have a fund to draw from when this present is to us no moro. I need hardly tell you how pleased I am to be present to take my part, though small as it is, in this important under taking.' I hope that you will soon have a church erected in which you may all join from tune to time in worship, and where you may hear words of instruction and comfort from God's ordained minister; and then, perhaps, in course.of time lie down under the shadow of the church's tower until the dawning of that great day of our blessed immortality. But whether this be so or no, here, I hope, many of you will bring your young children to lay them in the bosom of their dear Redeemer, and dedicate tliem to his service ; here, too, I hope, many will return to renew their baptismal vow ; and here, many, in the presence of the Almighty, stand to give that life-long pledge of mutual love." The Bishop then proceeded to lay the stone, receiving from the Rev. A. Caffin a silver trowel for the purpose, and in due form declared, " I lay this corner stone of a church, to be called the church of St. James, in the name of-the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost." Offerings were after wards laid on the stone to the amount of £10 10s. The Bishop then said—" There is one thing I wish to remark in reference to the way in which money is given for reli gious purposes." I am pleased to find that you have a gentleman among you who re gards it as a privilege to give a proportion of his income to the cause of Christ. X trust he is not alone. We cannot over estimate the importance of giving a regu lar proportion of our income. If we, at irregular intervals, give largo sums, we perhaps feel the inconvenience, but if we give small sums at regular intervals this inconvenience is not felt; so that- a man giving ten pounds out of an income 'of one hundred is really giving in proportion as much as a man who gives one hundred out of an income of one thousand. Our Lord even spoke of the widow's mite as a greater gift than the abundance of the wealthy, because she had given a greater proportion of her means. If the system of regular contributions was regularly carried out, the church • would be lifted out of her financial difficulties without inconvenience to her members." Mr Huckson then announced that copies of the Ueclong Advertiser, \rgus, and Bacchus Marsh Express, together with a number of current coins of the realm, and the following record, had been deposited under the stone :— " The foundation stone of St. James' Church, Little River, was laid by the Right Reverend the Lord Bishop of Melbourne, on the thirteenth day of June, in the year of Our Lord one thousand eight hundred and seventy-seven, being the first year of his Episcopate, in the fortieth year of the reign of Her Most Gracious Majesty Queen Vic toria. Sir George Bowen, K.C.B., Governor of the Colony of Victoria; the Honorable Graham Berry, Premier; John Rees, Esq., President of the Corio Shire Council; the Reverend Alfred Caffin, Pastor of the Parochial District; Trustees of the Church, John Henry, Benjamin Chaffey, William Chesterfield ; Members of the Church Com mittee, John Henry, William Chesterfield, Benjamin Chaffey, John M'Cord, Thomas Henry. Robert Huckson, Esq., Architect; Henry Rose, Contractor. The total cost of the church, about £400 ; amount subscribed up to the time of layiDg this stone, £210." The proceedings terminated with the singing of a hymn, and the pronouncing of the benediction by the Bishop. The Bishop afterwards returned to Geelong by the 4.30 p.m. train from Little River. 