A NIGHT OF TJbKKOR. Am: all appearances deceitful? JYo we livo surrounded by shadowy chimera? ? Havo our eyes been given us only to deceive our senses, and our senses to keep us in a state of perpetual doubt and delusion ? Iu the present prosaic and mechanical ago, it is not. difficult to ridicule all that relates to the supernatural ; but many of tbo most sceptical, after long laughing at the idea of a vLit from those who have learned the great secret and passed iuto tho shadow-hunt, have been forcd by terrible i xperii nee to believe and tremble. It is moro especially in that middle state between sleeping and waking, wben tbo nerve- aro unstrung, that the s-iniitivo brain sees objects that have no tangible exi-tence, and bears sounds Unit are tbo offspring of its own creation. Terror, remor-e, lovo, nnd grief, aro tho paintei.- wbo offer tln-ir impalpable pictures to our heated and unsettled imaginations; and, f.-r tbi- reason, tbo belief in fantastic visions i- hy no means confined to tho weak aim ignorant. The man, whoso bruin is ol the highest order, and, const quentlv, tho liardi st workod, is oftentimes more ready to receive tho impressions of imaginary or ghostly apparitions, and to investigate theso phe nomena with respect, than tbo uneducated an J unthinking sculler who jeers at the wholo thing as nothing but vulgar supersti tion. Whether tho following etor.v, which relateB the experiences of a night of terror, will Bervo to throw any light upou the possibility of a return of phantoms wandering on the boundaries of another world, will depend upon the spiiitiu which it is read. Bertrand BariMu said, " II u'y a quo les mnrts qui ne roviennont pas." Eh hion, M. Barriro, nous vorrons. it is inauv year- a ;> .-in,: I o ui to i' t iir.iugu t .n .vi-s'',ni hi -lil'iii I- of tho -i ; :-! niv.-q or e -tiiiii-s M ayo a'oi < iatwiiy. M; <ciit iny mi' tun linie li-hing vilifigc «' K '. uu, in Clew. Day, from which spot I i i 1 mole tiip- to Clin- i-.and, Blaek-od I l-.i hour, an i all tin- o' her plac. - wo-tiiy m mli'i'i-t. upon tho cu-t; ami 1 nu.v del r hire a gui le and pay a visit to \- one of tho inland iiviiorv. I had little difficulty in eng. nun ; I, my Maeg-iharty's s ivic-.-s during my stay on .-bore ; lie wan an honest lad, wrli a laughing eye. aud all the opine.-.- for repartee an I impromptu wit Hurt generally belong- to bis countrymen. But, a- it is difficult to tind an emerald without a Haw, .-o it is hard to liml a man, even thougo I. e lie an emerald Llandor, without some o i i lib hlcuii.-h ; and Lory's, f soon dis covered, was an inordinate love of potheon. Wit:, my kuupspek uu iny back, my at.ck in my hand, anu Larry by my side, I set off to ascend the steep sides of the Groghun mountain. When we started the sun was shining in all its glory, throwing its gold upon I ho tree- aud heather. Far below lay the calm uurelfied ocean, without one rock or island on which tho weary sea-bird could rost its foot between Acltil Head aud America. In the bay, Claru Island nnd tbo islets could lie seen, some dark as jet, others flashing like a smile upon the face of the waters, lii.di above towered tiie hill, it- summit clad with n crown of forest laud, and its slopes covered with a licli growtii of wildwood and flowers, intersected by numerous streamlets that lU.slo'd down, through tlrn velvet mo3S03, laughing to the sen. Inland we could seo lidg-s and slope- of green broken only by lukos, peeping from their deep hiding places, which spread away as far as tho eye could follow. Tiie lilt in of big, slumberous, heavy, laden, broad-hacked liuney-bees, the joyous notes of numerous song-birds, nnd the silver tinkling of distant sheep-bells, filled the air with Bounds of summer music, and mado us linger on our way. A turn in the road brought in sight nil aucicut tower, which stood on the brink ui an overhanging precipice like some rugged war- bouteu sentry guarding tho shores <fj his native laud. On approaching the building, it turned out to bo an old ruined mill, lonely, dismal, and deserted as the Moated Grange of the Lauroiuc, desolate, spectrul, and un canny as Hood's Haunted House. I wishe i to pay a nearer visit, hoping to lie aide to enter tho ruin, imt Larry, who was trembling witn terror, said — " All, sure ! y> r honour, don't go near it ; sure tho place is haunted." lie thou proceeded ti relate tho story of a murder which had taken place there 'some y. lira previnu-ly. Too orimo was of a peculiarly atrocious character; t he son of the old miller had killed him with a hatchet, for tho sake of a small sum of money that was believed to be iu Iiis possession, and, afterwards, when the de> d was discovered, the murderor, pursued by the enraged neigh bours, concealed Irmsolf in tbo mill. Tracked by uurcleiitiug justice, and despair ing of escape, lie tiling himself from tile cliff into the iunming waters beneath. From that time tho pcasanry avoided tbo unholy spot, and it was soon reported to be visited by r tie ghosts of those connected with tho murder. Surely, I thought, if any crime can recall tiie dead, and mako the place of its perpetra tion accursed, this is one. Lirry tremblingly described tho terrible fights spoken of oy the village gossips, ns bemg witnessed iu the blackened walls of tbo dreary mill ; tho most horrible ono being the corp.-e ef tuu murdored mau, wtiieh, on the anniversary of tho crime, was sot-u lying on the floor of the upper room, glazed with congealed gore. Deserted ami accursed, the place fell into ruins; uo one passed it with out a shudder and a prayer for tho repose of lhu old man's soul. , Without believing iu the wild and improbable tales told by the peasants, I felt so much horror of this diabolical deed, tli it we hurried on, glad to bo relieved of the inllu-nco of tho place; and we soon lost, in tho bright, sunny scenes, all memory of the hauntod mill. For sumo horns we continued our excur sion in tho neighbourhood, pausing often to listen to tho cooing of tbo wild wood-pigoons and the lays of the blackbird aud nns-tlc- thrush. As we wandered inland, nothing was visible but ono wide expanso of living verdure, save whero the silvery waters of tbo streamlets and lakes were seen hidden iu tho luxuriant mass of foiiago ; tho sunsot clouds of Italy soeun d transported by the hand ol some mighty magician to the sylvan soli tudes oi the West ; and no sceno of nature could havo offered a fairer imngo of l'aradise. But gradunllv, as tbo evening approached, the wind, which bad been softly sighing through tho gently waving branches, began to blow in freshly from tbo sea ; and the tippling wavelets, that woro dancing upon the surface of tho waters, seemed mo mentarily to increase in size. Everyone who knows tho coast of Irelaud is awaro how sudden are the changes — from a galo to a calm, from a calm to a hurricano. In hnlf- an-hotir tho scene was hardly recognisable ; tiie heavy Atlantic rollers were breaking upou the sboro with tremendous violence; Hakes of foam camo sweeping over the surging waters, flying up tile mountain side, and were carried (ar inland ; tho sand was caught up by Hie wind nnd sent sleeting across tbo country, thicker and moro intole rable than any hailstones, filling tho eyes, ears, aud mouth ; levelling ditches, over topping walls, and threatening to lay tho whole coastliuo in ono common desolation aud ruin. Larry, who had called at overy shebeen on tho road, aud replenished a whisky bottlo, which no persuasion could compel him to re linquish, was by tbi- time more than half- -eit- over, and, to make matters worse, wo missed tlie beaten track and lost our way. " What's to bo done now, Larry ?" said I. " The divil a ono of me knows, yer honour, without y'd sit here tinder tho roclt, and wa't till I find out whero wo arc." The rock that lie spoke of hung over the path, giving ju-t sufficient shelter for one person ; and, as night was coming on, and I felt half-blinded by tbo shifting sand, I c 'tisentoit ; and Larry, after promising to return qtt'ckly, disappeared in tlie. darkness. Left to my-"if, I soon began to lniuent my i mely condition, ami to alm.-u Larry and fate for. bringing mu into such a mess; in this congenial occupation an hour passed slowly away, hut there was no sign of Larry's return; and I sorrowfully concluded that lie bad either wandered so fur that be was unable to find his way back, or that some accident bad bappi nod to Liim ; fearing tlie latter, I resolved to venture out of my lair, and try if I could find him or discover tbo lo-t path. Cautiously feeling my way step by step, I continued to ur.-ceud tlie mountain, nearly f illing into many of the ravines and precipices with which it- rugged sides arc broken. At last, after half-an-hnur's scrambling about, my good fortune brought me into tbo road, nearly opposite the old ruined mill ; hero, ns f despaired of reaching the vitiligo that night, I determined to take refuge. After ascending, witli some difficulty, tlie rough and precipitous path which led to the door, I entered tlie building nnd lighted a small travelling lamp which I always carried iu my knapsack. I found the door unlocked, just as the terror-stricken pensnnts hnd left it; there was nothing iu the place to rob, and if there had been, superstition and fear would havo been far hotter guardians of the house than locks aud bolts. Tho old furniture still romained, but it had long \- i n tut i such t s'alj in- utterly valuete-s; most of the i-s had ne-n .-h-it'en-d in the wind iw-sii.-!ks ; on tin) tile lay tiie mouldering remains of a nipp"i' i -tt ill' re by people wh i.-o bone; li ol lull.; -im:n uhilem d in the grev enurrliyatd. "aw dntoimiiied to make the bust, of p. en! h.ar.-nin, ( begun to look round fur some- : iiiw to make a tiro with, and soon col'i-eicd plenty ! wo.-d tiuiu tiie roiling pnm llin;' .villi which the room was surr-iuudod : 'hi - J imiii up upon tiiu hearth, and soon, for ti.e tir.-t time iu tw-nty years, Micro was a bright 11 line flickering in tho old cuimney ouiiwr. After drying my clothes, which bad become wet tlir uigli in my endeavour to tied tho pa'ii, I ma to a hearty supper off tli" good i iincs iu my knapsack; and, taking a book, I rolled myself up iu my boat-cloak, aud lay down beforo tlie fire to try and pass tlie time iu reading. But tho book that 1 had brought with me, nnfurtunatoly, was a collection of legends and ghost stories; and, although I was a thorough sceptic about supernatural things, still I was not altogotbor free from a certain unearthly awo due to the situation in which I was placed. Tlie rain had ceased, but it was still dark ; the low thunder rolled incessantly along the. hill side, aud the wind moaned continuously through the tossing brandies of tho stunted oak and birch-trees. Patter, patter, fell the raindrops from tho rafters, nnd, whenever tlie wind sank for a moment, 1 could hoar the solemn dirge that the w,aves were singing ;tt. the foot of the mountain. The influence of the house soon camo upon me, and i. could not. help thinking of tlie horrible story connected witli it. dust us I was dropping- off' to sleep, 1 seamed to hear something like a smothered groan under f ho flooring : this sound made tho blood siuk to my heart, but. I determined to convince myself that it was only tlie wind. Still, when tiie sound wus repeated again and again, I. was forced unwillingly to believe "my senses. Ir was real, anil uo trick ut' a diseased and excited imagination. My fancies began to crowd into the regions of mystery and night, but, tit. length, I mustered up my courage, and determined to discover its source. By moving, f broke tlie spell that hovered over me ; I opened the door, and, luipp in hand, I descended tho stairs to tlie cellar. Iu tlie corner of a dark and di-mal vault I saw what seemed to be a luminous ball of fire ; a sense of something moving to and fro came over me : thick mists aud dense vapours rose from the dark abyss and hovered round me ; so, after hesitating a moment whetlisr to advance or retreat, I hurriedly mado my way buck to tho ground floor. Had T. not been so terrified as t.o bu scarcely conscious, L should have rushed from the house , as it was, impalpable impressions appeared to return from long-forgotten graves to visit me. Ju-t. as was becoming more calm, a sound of scratching was distinctly heard at the dour by which 1 entered ; had I. not been so agitated, I should have thought that il was a'duir, but. now, my throbbing brain could dream of nothing but tlie supernatural ; tho room became thronged with shadowy mis- terics : T dared not open tho door, and I dared not remain whero I was. I tried tho windows, hut they were barred. Then I noticed for t he first time a small door leading apparently to the back of tho house; witli a siirh of relief i turned the handle, the dour opened, and, as I entered a small room, tho first thing that met my sight was aluminous, ghastly, livid light, that streamed upwards from the floor. \l lustily retreating, L closed tlie door. There was no escape ; yes, t hern- was one. In the corner of tlie room there was au old staircase leading to tiie upper room of the mill : mechanically I aseonded if, and entered ; witli a scream of horror I started hack. There, st retched on tlie floor of the room in which tho murder had been committed, lay the ghastly apparition of a man ; his hair, his face, aud iiis whole body covered with an oozing slime that looked like clotted blood. With hair standing on end, I made but one leap down the staircase, tho steps of which were so rotten that I fell through them and became insensible. YVhen I recovered, the sun was streaming over tho hills; the storm had ceased as quickly as it commenced; and, as I stag gered into the open air, the birds were once more singing their sweet summer songs. J plunged into the stream that van past tho door. With the daylight my courage and my scepticism returned, and I made up my mind to hunt out tho hidden mysteries of the mill. As 1 re-entered, I saw standing at tho top of tho stairs, in the doorway, the covered with the same oozy slime. With a shriek of horror, I exclaimed — " YVhat in the name of heaven do you require ?" " Half-a-pint of whisky, yer honour, for the bottle's empty," was the reply ; and I recognised the voico of Mr. Larry Mac- goharty. " You drunken scoundrel, what aro you doing here ?" " Sure, sor, after I left yer honour, I fell into tho bog, and then 1 found the ould mill; and, as yer honour had been good enough to give me n wee taste of tho crater, I plucked up courage and came in to rest for the night." Having found my principal ghost, and helped him to scrape off some of the mud from tho hog, which I had mistaken for blood. I began to look For my minor apparitions. I opened the little door at the back; the floor of the room was covered with rotten fish, and, as fi3h when in a state of decay generally throws off a phos phoric light, the luminous appearance was easily accounted for. 1 then descended the staira leading to tho cellar, and in the corn r found an old mountain sheep, who had como there to die. He it was whose groans had first terrified me, and it was the reflection of his eyes that had looked like the burning coal in the cellar. The next day I left tho west coast of Irelaud, and, when I returned in after years, I found tho old building pulled down; so 1 never had any further oppor tunity of passing another night of terror in the haunted mill. » . A Loxno.vi;;, seeing an advertisement headed, "American Stettin S.ifo Company," remarked that ho was glad tho Americans had ma te steam safo company " Why did you name that old horso Napo leon ?" askod n gentlemen of a negro, whoso hor.-o was almost reduced to a skeleton. " Why, mnrse, you see it's cnze the bony part is so strong in him," was the ready reply. I A srnoNo-MiNPCD woman was heard to remark, the other day, that she would marry a man who had plenty of monoy, though ho was fo uglv sho had to scream overy timo sho loked at him. Wiikx is a parson like a postman ? — When his unlivery phases you. An old gentleman who had dabbled all his life iu statistics says he never heard of hut one woman who insured her life. Ho accounts for this by tho singular fact of one of the qne.stions being, " What is your age?" " TnmtK is ono thing abont babies," says a lato traveller — " they nover change. Wo have girls of tho period, men of tlie 'world, but tho baby is the Ramo self-possessed, fear- loss, langhing, voracious little heathen in all ages and in all countries." 