.FATHER 3MATHEW. Some time ago it was rumored that a lady in Collingwobod was buried alive. ; 'ihat siiehthlings occur we have variopi'insitaices on' record --indead, we know done man (n6ow, a'Fitzroy publiciin), who' iwas 'll'"bt'lburied alive at sea-but we will here relate a case which is reported in the life *of Fathiei Mathew.' In 182, when 'cholera was layinig Europe waste, "Cork's own town" came in for its 'own share of the plague. Fathlier Mathew .was incessantly 'in 'the Cholera Hospital, and it. so happened while he was attending a young man-whom he knew as a consistent communicant at his own little chapel--he was suddenly called into af adjoining ward to administer the last rites to some other person who was dyin. - " When, the good, priest returned'. to the young man's ward,' he found that he had been removed to. the dead house; 'and hur ryin- to a vault where two carpenters:wera hammering away at coffin-making; he' in quired-where the young man was who had been brought to that "shade below.". The workmen said, "Oh, your reverence, he is dead, and lie lies in yonder shell :in.. the corner."-. Father. Matthew immediately, placed his ear to the young man's heart, and, after ai pause, exclaimed, i' He- lives!. he'lives !" . He had him brought back to the ward from whence he had. just been taken, and that young man lived for many, a long year afterwards in Cork. . TIRE TEETOTAL M1OVEMENT. There was a shop-keeper, in Cork who" was a member of the Society. of Friends, and a staunch atldvocate of the teetotal. cause. This man was constantly asking Father Mathew to lead the movement, and, it wouild be sure to go a-head. At length hle waited on Fathier Matliew at his own house, and pressed his suit so hard that the little friar took up a pen and said, "Here'goes In the nalne of the Fathler, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, and wrote Theobald, Mathew, the first name on a'roll that after wards numbered more than four millions ! This qullker spoke at the temperance mecet ings, alnd his spieeches were- nearly always: alike. He was never known to speak in the ;cause of temperauce without asking,' "'What does the racehorse drink ? Water ! What does the burd (bird) drink? Water ! etc." 'lhe like sameness pervaded all of Fatlier Mathew's utterances' when ever 'he- naddressed a nmultitude in the cause of tee-' totalism. ' SREPORTING. There was to be and their was a teetotal meeting 'at one time, in a distant town in the county of Cork, and a reporter was told off from the staff of the CorLk Examiner to attend the meeting upon a Sundayv. The Knight of the Pencil had madle previous arrangements for a boat excursion down the harbour, and did not like to forego his sport, or be fhr away fromn '" The bells of Shandon' that sound so grand on the: pleasant waters iof tile liver Lee.'l He accordingly sailed away with his friends on Sullnday, ald left Father Matthew,and his teetotallers to do for themselves. Next day, when lhe came to the .xamrincr. office, he turned over a file of. the paper, until he , fished up a. former, speech atf PFather. Matthew, which lie transcribed, changing. local allusions anld pilace to suit the meeting of the day before. 'The speech was duly published in tile Cork .Exaliicrr, and when . the apostle of tempeirance met the reporter . he shook himn warmly by the hand and said, "I. never was so fiuithfllifully reported in my life ; you reported mle to the very letter." It was three years afterwards when thei proprietor o tile paper discovered [the manorivre of " Our'own reporter." VALENTINE VISOR. 