, WASHIMGTOirS GHOSTS. ': [NEW YOIJK: TIMES.] It is a curious fact that of all shy and canning spirits, George Washington— pro- foaaionalfy known e& the Father of his Country — ia the shyesi .arid moat punning. Thero are: very few kinds of' spirita that cannot be caught :by a skilful Materialising 1 medium.. Thero ia Franklin, for inotance. AltnoBb' any medium can capture- Franklin ot shy time, and exhibit him with *eal cane end pig-Wi. 'So, too, the late Daniel .Web odor can bo caught as easily na a yellow parch; . There are several materialising , medtuni3 who exhibit Daniel Webster nearly every evening during the season, and those *7uo have seen him agree in saying that he ia uniformly as tall aa when in life and very nearly oa tedioua. As for noted Federal or Confederate spirits, they are offered by all enterprising mediums in quantities to suit f customers. Stonewall Jackson and General I Thomas usually arrive within ten minutes I after the medium has entered the cabinet t and arranged the' ghostly fishing tackle. | Why, when spirits like these can be caught f without any trouble, George Washington f should be eo extraordinarily ahy, is a mya I tery which no spiritualist has yet solved. I It is not meant to be asserted that no I medium has ever succeeded in capturing the [;.; ghost -of Washington. On three separate ;, occasions Washington has been materialised . too greater or less extent, bub until re cently, in no instance have the spectators ? been thoroughly ? satisfied. The Maine medium whey -two years since, produced Washington's ghost, committed the over sight 6£ allowing him to wear patent-leafier boofc3 and a Piccadilly collar. This displeased j pedantic Spiritualist?, who ignored the pos atb'ility that fashions ohange in the Spiritual world, and who asserted that the patent leather boots and Piccadilly collar were im* pucloat anachronisms. Then there was the \ Boston medium, who exhibited an under i sized Washington, not over four feet eight \- inches in height, and was hissed because \ Washington's back hair accidentally came -. down, accompanied' by a shower of hair j pins. In justice to the medium, who was a ' woman, it; .should be remarked that inas I muoh a3 if; is inconceivable that the spirits J of barbers should be admitted to babble i of 'tonic' in* the Summerland, there ia nothing improbable in the supposition ^that Washington baa not recently had his hair out. There is, of course, no question ,: that Washington was moro than four feet ( cjht inches high during his earthly exis \ tence, bat if the medium preferred to ropro i duce him in an abridged shape she had auun. s doubted right to do bo. In regard to the v third and most noted materialisation of p Washington, the circumstances were cer* n taiuly of a rather painful nature. The Osh. ??. koah; medium who was concerned in that X affair brought out a life-sized Washington, V: with wig, .8 word, and Farewell Address in hia right hand, all complete, and with a i omile-oven more wooden than that which Stuart painted at a time when his attention was momentarily directed from tho faco of his august sitter to o narrow oraok In his ; palottev It was this Washington that trod on a bit of orange-peel unkindly thrown on i tho stage by a blasphemous sceptic. When | tho stately ghost sat violently down, his \ owovd and hia Farewell Address flying in ) uifforout directions, the spectators wore \- paiuod, but thoir auBpicions would nob havo ,j been aroused had not Washington injino I diatoly remarked, 'By gosh 1' Thio un | guarded expression, together with tho fact i tliat tho Farewell Address waa oapturod by I au irrovoroub person, and found to bo nothing ? j but a certificate of otock in a petroleum company, aroused a great deal of indigna ? tiou, which, at tho next seance, took tho I form of prehistoric ogga and tho limp bodies of specially prepared cnta, and nltimatoly led to tho abrupt doparturo^of tho medium from tho town. la spito of theso repeated failures, which 2IlfOvv th0 oxtrom-- (lillioulty of catohing WttBhmgiiou's ghoat and of exhibiting it in a aatulaotory elmpe, two skilful inediuino U'caucly united thoir oflbrta and prortuoed Wasluugtou to nn oxtent that disarms all J onticiaui. It happened in Memphis, and tho two mudiunia wore ladieo who deal only in tho very boat and moat expensive npirita. Ahoy outerod tho cabinet togothorand tiahod j [or Washington until that ahy spirit took j tlio bait and wna oucccBsfully laudod. Ono I of them then committed tho preparation aui I oxnlntiou of tho ghoat to her uaaooiato, and n withdraw from tho cabinofc. l'resontly §| Ucok«,o Washington mado his appenranoo. i tjo vrao correct, ovon to tho ulighteat detail I * of lua noao, nml hio mouth waa so beautifully 1 truo to Ufo that it might havo been moilollod I artor tho pattern of tho slit iu a monitor'* n lurrot, through which tho gunnora watoh tho | onoiny and f-ob thoir oyca full of duat. AL I } ?i'sU l}°, dul nofc my anything, for four of I Rowing hio mouth out of ahapo, Waaliing. I «ou boamod upon hia auiliouoo in tho moat | Jfoniguauft aud 'touching mannor. Tho unco I Wont woro ovoroomo with patriotic umuttonu j eua a coaviotiou of fcho immortality of tho I noul and broko into rai-fcnroi!« npplimao, njuiglud with piouu nhouta of. ?' (Jlory I' mid ? lioorAV I' Ono liuly audibly ox(iroaaod' nor loufjhifj to touoh tho good uhnnb'a hniid, WUoroupon ho obliBinKJy Invitod hor by «gua to mount tho uta^o, whoro, takiuir «« oral uho walked up ami down, ?5S?' 2vi.th erftfcl»udo «»d dollBht. Nob Matoatoa wfth thus exhibiting hlniaoU ^J5uln«toa proirontly withdrow Into tho mUSfe ?hou-J? *-? ?8«i« emojgod with Mra. -SSSf Stf °?» *hy9 mannw ?o'-ptalnhr hlatod S|?Wwto »n»k« thiOM Uvoly for her huu. arm. So groat was 'the cnthusiaam created by this joint appearanoo of George and Martha Waahington that $ho'. .former Triridly ovincod a deairo to add still further to 'the exhibition, and dived into tha. cabinet with tho manifcab intention of bringing out an infant. Fortunately, tho medium who was innido of tho cabinet know oomobhing of history, and promptly thwarted Waahing.. ton's purpose Had oho not done .bo, that amiable but unreflecting ghoht would prob ably have brought out a pair of twins and 'a baby' waggon, thereby impugning Mr. Ban croft'a voracity and giving ocpaaion to un limited ncahdal. r ,.,_.,, ?.,?..? Tho importance of this successful material isation of Washington ia, of courso, more or less apparent. Horeafter Spiritusliats will doubtless becomo moro and moro familiar with that vonerable ghost, who will Iobo hia native shyness and becomo an tame and com* plaiaant as. Franklin or any other ghoatly fieyolutionary father. 