THE MESSIANIC PROPHECIES The first of a course of lectures on the Messianic Prophecies" was delivered in St Paul's Church yesterday, afternoon, by the Bishop of Melbourne to a large audience. The BISHOP took for his text the words of H. Peter, i. 21 For the prophecy came not in the old time through the will of man but holy men of God spake as they were moved by the Holy Ghost" The bishop said it was his intention, by God's help and permission, to consider, in the lectures he was about to deliver on that and the succeeding Sunday afternoons in June and July, that evidence of the divine origin of the Christian religion which was afforded by the fulfilment of the Messianic predictions. Before, however, proceeding to detail respecting the predictions, it would be convenient to point out the connexion between prediction and prophecy, and more especially to answer certain objections to the existence of specific pre- dictions which were based upon general theories of prophecy. He referred to ob. jection of the nature he had just mentioned which had been raised against prophecy, and then sold the objectors all sought to make prophetic inspiration nothing more than a form of the ordinary Divine assistance. Prophets, however, really spoke not from their own will or the will of man, but from God, and were impelled by a Divine spirit, seized upon by an irresistible influence, which carried them beyond themselves and above themselves, to undertake ministries from which they naturally shrank, and to utter words which they only imperfectly understood. There was in the Messianic prophecies evidence of a Divine inspiration, which was extraordinary and unique-an inspiration which made the prophecies oracles and messages from God, such as the words of ordinary pious men could advance no claim to be. In connexion with his purpose in his lectures he should therefore regard prophecy principally as a prediction of the future, seeking the ground of its claiming to be a Divine revelation chiefly in the fulfilment of such prediction. He would seek also to prove not only that the Biblical revelation was Divine in the larger sense of that term, but that it was likewise the product of a Divine impulse, which was extraordinary and unique- of a Divine impulse and illumination fundamentally different from those by which good men ordinarily received and made known the will of God. It was his hope to show, when they passed to the chief of the prophecies in review, that they sketched for men the form and character of distant epochs and events, not merely in vague and uncertain symbols, but often in firm and unmistakable outline, and occasionally at least with specification of details BO minute as to leave no possible doubt of the exceptional inspira- tion from which they proceeded. Dr. David- son had imagined that the predictions called prophecies implied not so much an extraordinary degree of Divine assistance as a particular direction of its application, assuming, after J. M. Fichte, the existence of of pre- conscious potency of the soul, through the quickening and excitation of which the phenomena in question were produced. Baron Bunsen, in like manner, sought a natural basis for prophecy in the faculty of clairvoyance, and were the phenomena of clairvoyance of a more ascertained and trustworthy character -such as to require the assumption of a natural faculty of clairvoyance-Bunsen'e speculations on the nature of prophecy, if not convincing, would beat least unobjectionable. But to make Hebrew prophecy answerable with its life for the truth and statements of reasonings thus precarious, indicated, surely, that suspicion of the super- natural which would rather admit anything than a direct revelation from Heaven. That there was such a thing as sub-conscious thought, thought which proceeded under sciouBly beneath the conscious process of our reasoning, be (the bishop) could not entertain a doubt, and he would acknowledge that Fichte was justified in declaring that "our mind possesses behind the region of consciousness a life full of hidden relations, including what is called clair- veyance and second- Bight, and many also of those strange and starling phenomena upon which modern spiritualists have based their mistakes or imposture. He was far from thinking that such phenomena were without their importance. Transient, partial, and mysterious as they were, they revealed, be thought, in vivid flashes, poten- cies of the mind spiritual energies lying dormant in the background of the waking life-which might sometimes have been called into play in the inspiration of the pro- paste. That these natural faculties had been abused and misunderstood was no reason for refusing to recognise either their existence or their possible exercise in the phenomena of prophetic ecstacy. They knew from holy scripture that, in order to the receiving of Divine communication, the soul of the prophet was frequently brought into a new and peculiar condition. Not to mention ecstatic peculiarities in the earlier prophetic schools of the Old Testament, or in the Church of Corinth in the New Testament times, they were expressly told by St. John that when be received the disclosures of the Apocalypse he was "in spirit." What it was to be in spirit" they knew not, bathe readily allowed that, to the production of the state referred to by the apostle, the quicken- ing of the sub-conscious powers of the pro- poet's BOUI might have been made an efficient factor. He would, however, urge that, while something might thus be contributed to their knowledge of the mental and bodily conditions under which the prophet was brought nearer to eternity, of the source and meaning of his inspiration those phenomena could give them no information. If it were even admitted that the Holy Spirit prepared the pro- phet to receive Divine intimations by stimulating his sub-conscious powers, the fact a till remained that to a prepared organ there must be communicated a Divine revelation before they rose into the region of prophecy-there could be no prophecy in the scriptural sense of the term without a Divine Revealer. But it was to him, more probable that the spiritual preparation of the prophet should be sought not in the excitation of unusual natural powers, but rather in the unwonted eleva- tion of that Christian communion with God which was occasionally granted to ordinary believers. There were living men who could testify (if they would) that on special occasions of ames striving after God they had FORged into states of consciousness so much higher and more ecstatic than any costs. mary states, that by comparison they would not have hesitated to speak of them as "a being in spirit" as a passing within the veil "-as "a living in eternity with God." So much was within the experience of ordinary saints. What difficulty, then ought there to be in conceiving that the state of the soul in which holy men of God were enabled to receive Divine into motions of the future was a state somewhat analogous to that-characterised it might be by a degree of absorption and intentness which enabled those who were its objects to derive sharper and more definite impressions from the intelligible forms by which they were surrounded 1 Beyond unauthorised assumption there was nothing to warrant the belief that the state of prophetic intuition differed in kind from that of religious con- temptation ; while, on the other hand, there was much to encourage the idea that as the knowledge of the future springs forth general colly from the understanding of the present, so does the higher intention of the people, from his ordinary religious consciousness. 