KO MOSE BRITISH .BLOOD FOR THE TURKS. The bodies of some eight thousand Englishmen moulder peacefully in the graveyard at Scutari. I fancy that the remembrance of their deaths might moderate the frenzy of the politicians who seem bent on hounding England on to a fresh war with Russia, Surely these politicians must be mainly young men, or they must have very short memories. Gan you not recnl, you who are middle aged, and whose memories are good, those two miserable year3 between the fight at the Alma and the fall of the Malakoff? Do you remember the Ghost's Derby Day of 1S55 ? Do you remember when on the Cliff of Brighton and the Marina at St. Leonard's, you could scarcely walk ten. paces without meeting groups of ladies and children clad in deepest mourning for their fathers, husbands, brothers, sweethearts, slain in that wretched Chersonese, or who had sickened and died in the cheerless wards of the Scutari Hospital ? Are we to have those years of pri vate agony and bereavement, of public blundering and mismanagement, over again? 1 suppose so. Glory isa very, fine thing. I am only a pekin, a civilian, and I know nothing about Glory; but I confess that my blood rims cold, and that my heart sickens, when I hear politicians pertly prating about the " arbitrament of the sword," and " war clearing the atmosphere," and so forth. I never met Glory yet, and I don't, know what he or she is like; but I have met War face to face haifa dozen times in as many countries. I havo looked into the whites, or rather the crimsons, of his eyes, and I have gazed upon the Sisters, who follow him wheresoever he goe3. They are Three Sisters, and their names are Rapine, and Disease, and Death. \- This is, of course, a miserably craven and spirit less way of looking at "War. I cannot help it. I have seen only War's madness and wickedness, its foulness! and squalor. To meit has represented nothing but robbery and profligacy, but famine and slaughter ; and I can but think that if the war like politicians were to witness just half an hour of actual warfare as I have witnessed it in America, in Italy, in Mexico, in France, in Spain, their mar tial ardour; would cool down a little, and they would not be quite so prompt to blow the bellicose trumpet. -G. A. Sala in the Illustrated London 