ON SPIRITUAL RELIGION. At the re-opening of the Abbey Church, Paisley, fin August last, after it liad been closed for. two months for alterations, the Very Rev. A. P. . Stanley, Dean of Westminster preached to i a very large congregation, from the text, John ivi 24, " God is a spirit." In the course of his sermon the preacher said Everyone who values spiritual religion may rejoice in every effort to reclaim for the Church of Scotland the beauty of n'-aiicient' "and venerable building like this, which appeals to every sentiment alike of our patriotism, of long familiar associa tion, of reverence and love. :It is, and it ought to be, the glory of the Presbyterian Church that it can appropriate all that : is ' innocent 'and .beautiful in the past without; ministering _ to those modern tendencies of' ancient superstition to . which, perhaps, other ' churches' afford a 'more ready access. It ; is :;not'-th'6'! sublime' or tlie grand, but the mean,' the'higlyyithe'barbar- 'mi's. in 'architecture. aiul' oaintinc,1 -and music, 'which lends itself to' idolatrous !u sages ; -hot' the vast- aisles of the venerable1 temple' or ' abbey, but the -narrow cell;' -the" dark; r'fecess/''Or'(the wayside chapel ; not the awe-inspiring 'figures wrought by/ Raphael or Michael ; Angelo, but the hideous block ' ! picture,' the .rude wooden .image,- the fantastic; apparition! whichhaVe\in every :age become the objects of absurd pilgrim ages, of excessive adoration. There is a! well- tknown saying of . the great Reformer,' Luther, -;",Do-not listen to those .who .open: their, anouths iwide ;aiid colli, out ' spirit, . spiriti't spirit,' and ithen break' down all the bridges: byLwhich -.the tspirit can: enter."- N'o'j.make the- most-tb'at ,you. can. of .all-lthe various igifts rthat :;Godlihas : giveii to . us. ( /Tiiey .are. all- bridge's.vby. nyhichtthe aHoly : Spirit of« .Godican'. enter .in to. >ota spirits. IButi remember,1 and' this! welhave Ito .remembdr lin aR.Ghurchespthat they are/bridgesrloiily,': and not .the ; i proiriisecl > land 1 itself. The i -innermost isanctuaryiiof'r.thef.'Holy.cGhbst .is:(4h.cl:.'can-, '.be -nbtliinjg else; than1 the: individual conscience and "icohviction.i: of; c a ; pure, .and. >j ust, j and; upright (man. LIThis ris-.-the - end aU < else is ther. means.! ;Aaiy,'ij .even citlie 'iplainest/c-r. worship ..becomes' ,unspiritual, of . which- we.liave lostithe meaning, > and which idobs. hot Ltendlto makeins better/and Twiserr-anyiworship, even, the most elaborate,' is i spiritual? iff >it helps .'lisotbodo ouri 'duty, jto be! j more .loving to; men .'and, more devot'ednto God. j " Keep.jyour minds , open, as wide : as y,ou:Cari;"j isaid a' French nobleman to 'his children;. but.Ii entreat (you to !keep! ;your hearts, open! also. /'Be; as broad as the charity of. .Almighty God," ;iwas the last speech of Norman Macleod. " buti Jbe , 'as -narrow as his righteousness." - That -.is true relitriou of the snirit. And this valrie-of the spiritual aspect of religion is yet : more visible in proportion as we apply i it.. to the history of the human race— of the human-being, jit, is sometimes the custom to draw out -scheme's lof various schools or Churches or . parties, and maintain that these exhaust all ages and j -tendencies of Christianity. But there is one! -element which in all such schemes or schools is often omitted and often despised, which, never theless, is the most important of all. It is the school which you can find in all the schools, .the tendency which you can find, happily; running across all tendencies, those' who believe ; iriithe religion of the Spirit, and who are,: as the ; German poet sang, true knights and soldiers of ! the Holy Ghost. There has never failed alto- ; gether a succession of those good men who have ! seen .the spirit beneath' the ( letter, 'ttej iheahing . beneath tlie form, the sense .'berieath the .11011- ; sense, ' the moral beyond tije! material ; ' and j %hese," tlioiigh , little regarded m '.the.Vs'trife, of : 'tongues, have'., been the , true, '/backbone; of , C'istehdom. ihe true sbiil of the .Church' and i its.'dqctrinbs. SotuJiern Cross. . y. 