OUR FINANCE MINISTERS. ; The following is the Political History of tlio four Finance Miuistera who have had charge of the Treasury Ghost during the past fourteen years, abridged from tlie "Cornwall Clironicle" of Monday, tlie 14th instant — , . MIL. T. D. CHAPMAN;.' This groat financier came into ofiico ns Treasurer of tho late Sir Kiel uml Dry's Cabinet nn the 24th November, 18(>fi, on the ury of . ' Retrenchment or Ruin." He pi'onu.sed the colony that lie would reduce the public expenditure within tlie income, aiul manage the finances without having recourse to additional taxation or. to Loan Bills to cover revenue deficiencies. When he got accounts balanced he promised a comprehensive and. progressive policy of reproductive works. lie denounced the income . tax as an " inquisitorial and abominable tfix " that would " bring about tho imiuediato ruin of tho colony, it was tho " worst tax that could be im posed." "Helielieved it would ho the destruction and ruin of the )>onr man, and would drive all respectahle artizans out of tlie colony." What did the groat Chap man do in the way of finance ? January, 1897.— Ho came down with a ladling account of 'the mnnnor in which lie luiugoiie through the departments ami pared down the salaries of all tlie clerks, taking particular credit for proposing to knock £2500. oil' the salary of the Gover nor. - Hu still had a deficiency to provide for, however, and he covered it by exact ing 2.1 por centqiolicorate, from the coun try districts outside of municipalities. August, 1897 — He claimed to "have reduced expenditure by a sum exceeding £29,000, and to havo "made ends meet, " hut hu did not introduce any public works policy- as he had promised. He intro duced a scheniu for consolidating the debentures. He omitted from bis esti mates various ropnirs ami additions to public buildings, aiul ami other necessary works, which fdumhl havo boon provided for in accordance with formur legislation, and, duspitu his promise to resort to no more Loan Bills, hu introduced a Loans Rill for £10,000 to cover those items. August, 1898. — Hu hud to declare de ficits in his .revenue consequent 011 the stoppage of all works of progress, ami to admit the general decadence of tho colony ; ami he increased taxation oyer £20,000 by substituting probate fur suc cession duties, increasing the package duties of Customs, which he had pro- viuusly denounced. He also oltumpted to levy a penny stamp on nowHpapurs, which Parliament rejected. September, - 1870.— -(Sir J. M. Wilson, Colonial Secretary). Mr. Chapman had to admit further deficiencies, and again increased Customs duties about £10,900, under pretence of desiring to have some thing to give up when tho colonies came to negotiate for Intercolonial Free Trade. September, 1871.— rile had to declare still further deficits, es|>eciully in the land revenue, to meet which hu proposed to issue £30,000 worth of debentures, to ho redeemed out (if lands sold within the noxt fourteen yoiirs. This, in the face of his promise never to resort to debentures to cover revenue deficiencies. The pro- H>sal was defeated, ami hu hail to take £20,000 worth of Treasury bills issued to alford liini supplies for six mouths; ami unable him to revise his policy. Jul, 1872. — Tho revision ended in his proposal to levy a charitable rate on tliu annua! value of property (of 9d in thu pound, and to mnku a further increase in the probate duties. This, despite his former opiMisition to property taxes. Thu proposal was condemned aud with drawn, land he then endeavoured to sub stitute an income tax of 2 pur cent., oil alt incomes over £90 pur annum, with a 5 per cent, tax on tho incomes of absentee proprietors.' , This was iguomiuiously rojuutud. Thu force of audacity could no further go, ami Mr. Chapman had to resign. Failing to find another Cabinet, the Governor rucajled Ministers, and hlr. Chapman repeated lus income tax proposals, only to find them again rejected; Parliament was then dissolved. October, 1872. — On meeting the new Parliament Mr. Chapman repeated his in come tax proposals, mul was . again de feated, being succeeded by the Suott-Jnues Ministry. Mil. L'll.Un.KS MKHKDITH. . We trace this guiitleinnu's career as Treasurer from thu year IHG5. He had been in office three years proviously, and discovered that the policy under which the Government of the country was. being earned on, wits not such as to promote progress, and that thu rovcimu was never equal to the<QX|icndlture. August, J899. — He proposed to remove Customs duties from all articles, except ing spirits and spirituous liquurt, malt liquors, 'tobacco, snuff, and cigaW; and to substitute a tax of 5J per cent, ou tliu annual assessment of property as shown by the valuation rolls, ami also on all in comes over £80 per muium. He also proposed to remove harbour dues ami wharfage charges from shipping, and to support the marine hoards out of; the. general roveuuu. .These proposals were defeated and Parliament was dissolved. Ou the assembling of the now Parlia ment, Ministers resigned, and Mr. Mere dith was : succeeded hy Ml. Chapman. (See above). September, 1879. — Mr. Meredith, as Treasurer of Mr. Reibey's Ministry, ob tained six months supplies. May, .1877.— He proposes an iucoinu tax of 2.V por cent, ou all incomes over £100, with Is in the pound assessment ou tlio annual value of property in proclaimed townships, and an aurcago tax of 2d. an aero on all country lands sold. Hu also proposes an outlay of £400,000 on public works throughout tlio country. \ Defeated in tho Assembly. MIL. F. M. INNKH. This political ehumaleou came into office as Treasurer ami Pruuiiur, in sue-' cession to Sir J. M. Wilson's Cabinet on November 4tli, 1872. Six mouths' sup plies wero grunted, aiul in: June, 1873, he declared considerable, deficiencies in the roveuuu, and pruned to meet them hy withdrawing the grants 111 aid to road trusts ; reducing the grants in aid' 'of municipalities, cduution and police and by increasing the Customs duties XDUUU, : Tlie. latter measure was passed, mid Mr. Junes resigned 4th August, 1873. August, 1875. — As Treasurer of Mr. Kcniicrley's Ministry, which he Imd joined in succession to Mr. Fysh, having aban doned tliu leadership of tlio Opposition «> take office, Mr. Iuiiuh proposed a bix of Is. in the pound 01 t\fii assessed value of Ihu prpputiy pji the colony, at the samu tinio submitting a public works scheme providing for nil outlay of £2?0.,OOQ. .The measuro was twice hi the Council. FuvHuineut prorogued 30th SepUnnhov, 1875. Before it again assem bled. Mi\ (Connevhiy'a Ministry had \c. signed ami Mr. limes Jind Jmded over llii>_Tij«|jiir.y I- »._ 'Mca.,iiil,. mil p, o. fyslt. Of all men who liavo hold the keys of tho Treasury, none woro looked up to with greater hone by the public than Mr. P. 0. Fysh. He became Treasurer of the Kunnerloy Ministry in August, 1873. September,. 1873,- tliu public expecta tion was disappointed. Mr. Fysh paraded deficiencies, and preached the necessity of making ends tuuet, to do which lie pro posed to levy an income tax of 2J per cent, on all incomes over £100. He was defciited in the Council, ami luultoaccopt £27,000 worth of trcoKtiay bills to meet difficulties for six months. . July, 1874.— Owing to tho Main Line' Railway expenditure ami the iyjpetus given to milling operations on the gold fields and ut the iron works, Mr. Fysh .was enabled to declare n balance on the right side for the first time during many years. Ho thun saw thu iidvuntago of progressive public workH, and proposed a scheme which was defeated in the Council. Ho resigned tho Trcnsnrurship 12th Mnrcli, 1875 — in consequence- of the exigencies of private business — being suc ceeded by Mr. Iuiies. 