A FIRST-HAND GHOST STORY. A paper on the Other World, which ap pears in the current number of the Church Quarterly Review, contains the following first-hand story, which will no doubt be welcome to many readers as a contribution to the very large number of authentic stories testifyingto appearances of a dying man at the moment of. death to distant friends:— •' The fact is that this class of what axe called ' ghost stories' is so numerous, and so thorougly well authenticated, that the hesi tation would rather he as to whether they he properly supernatural at all. (We mean that the question arises whetheritmay not he pos sible in the nature of things—under cer tain circumstances—for the departing spirit to manifest itself to distant friends at the instant, the fleeting moment, of transition from this world to the other ? If any one replies, if so, why is it not even more common P our answer is easy. There are numbers of things quite natural which are much more uncommon than the well-ascer tained instances of this Class of event. " In the house in which these pages are written, a tall and wide staircase-window, with, a northern aspect, throws a strong side-light on the entrance into the chief living-room, which stands at the end of a passage running nearly the length of the house. It was after mid-' day, in midwinter, many years since, that the writer left his study, which opens into the passage just mentioned, on his way to his early dinner. The day was rather foggy, hut there was no density of vapor, yet the door at the end of the passage seemed ob scured by mist. As he advanced, themist, s.o to call it, gathered into one spot, deep ened, andfonned itself into the outline of & human figure, the head and shoulders be coming more and more distinct, while the rest of the body seemed enveloped in a gauzy . cloak-like vestment of many folds, reaching downwards so as to hide the feet, and from its width, as it rested on the flagged pas sage, giving a pyramidal outline. The full light of the window fell on the object, which was so thin and tenuous in its con sistency that tlie light on the panels of & highly-Varnished door were visible through this lower part of the dress. It was alto gether colorless, a statue carved in mist. The writer was so startled that he is uncer tain whether he moved forward ox stood. still. He was rather astonished than terri fied, for his first notion was that he was witnessing some hitherto unnoticed effect of light and shade. He had no thought of anything supernatural, till, as he gazed, the head, was turned towards him, and he at once recognised the features of a • very dear friend. The expression of his countenance was that of . holy? peaceful re pose, and the gentle, Mndly aspect which it wore in daily life was intensified (sotho; writer, in recalling the sight, has ever since! felt) into a parting glance of deep affection. And then, in an instant, all < passed away.' The writer can only compare the manner <of the evanescence to the way in which a jet steam is dissipated on exposure to cold air. Hardly, till then, did he realise that he been brought into dose communion with the supernatural. The result was. great awe, hut no terror, so that instead of retreating to his study he went forward, and opened the door, dose to which the apparition, had ; stood. Of course he could not doubts® import of what he had seen, anctth® morrow's or the next day's post brought : the tidings that his friend had tranqiiuly ; passed out of this world at the time when ihe was seen by the writer; Tt must ho stated that it was a' sudden summons} jthat ithe writer had heard nothing of him. for [some-weeks previously^and: that: nothing had brought nim to .bis thoughts oh tho ' day of Mis deceased s, We see that the railway authoritieSiiaVa made arrangements for oolletfing and delivering 'parcels Within the' inuniolpal Ibfawdsriae ipf i Adelaide ind Port Adelaide,sn& that , - "" will be performed withoht smfrinareaia I tariff at present , charged for. oarryingJrM* atation to station. ■„ Tha.uew anangeoupt^wUlr oomemtodpemtioi; op t^'^t)6t^tte|U>ee^• i •, .hi 