FUNNIMENTS. MR. HENFLICKE'S GHOST. Mr. Henflicke is one of the best of poli- ticians, but not always an obliging hus- band. Mrs. Henflicke has a tall and stately rosebush sitting in a tub, which she wanted Mr. Henflicke to remove to the house for safety against the frost. Mr. H. had promised on several occasions to attend to it, but did not do in. Fri- day night he was out to help fire off the cannon in honour of a political victory. It was nearly one o'clock when he ap- proached the house. Mrs. Henflicke, desparing of his help, had covered the rosebush with a sheet. The singular spectacle confronted Mr. Henflicke just as he was about to open the gate. " Hi, there!" he impulsively observed. Then he paused and stared at the ap- parition with protruding eyes. The sight was so strange, so weird, and so unex- pected that the unfortunate man felt all the principles he had imbibed in the evening slowly dissolve and ooze from his being. " Hi, there !" he gasped a second time, as if to gain some explanation of the creature's presence, and yet prepared to retreat on the first demonstration. His eyes protruded still farther, his face grew white, and his hair, relieved from the pressure of the hat which fell off at the first shock, stood straight on end. The gate trembled under his grasp. For a full moment he stood there with his eyes riveted upon the apparition. But it did not move. Then he slowly backed away, still keeping his eyes upon the spectre, until it was out of sight, then he turned about and ran with all might around the corner to a back street, and thus gained the rear of his garden. He clambered hastily but softly over the fence, and flew noiselessly across the grass to the back door. He took hold of the knob with a nervous grasp, but the door was locked. If there was any colour in his face until now it went en- tirely on this discovery. His limbs trembled with such violence as to threat- en to precipitate him from the step. He felt his reason forsaking him. At this juncture he thought of the window. With trembling haste he tried the sash— it lifted. Concentrating all his remain- ing strength he lifted his body up to the sill, balanced thereon for an instant with his mind agonized and his marrow coilled by the awful, sickening reflection that his extremities were exposed to the grip of the spectre, and then toppled over into the room, and across a tub of clothes in soak, with an agonizing shriek of ex- piring consciousness. The grateful cool- ness of the tub's contents brought him back to life almost as soon as his scream had brought his wife to the scene. He jumped up from the tub, fell upon his knees before the startled woman and with an eloquence which brought to her throbbing heart memories of the old time, and felt like sweet music upon her ears, he implored her forgiveness for all his neglect and temper and meanness, and made promises which would have caused a lottery advertisement to feel uneasy. The astonished but happy woman helped him to bed and forgave him everything, | but took the precaution to arise in the morning before him, and to remove the sheet from the bush. 