Hancock's Ghost- Some further particulars have been gleaned respecting this remarkable apparition, which are as equally extraordinary aa those which were related in our issue of yesterday. Mrs. Egan, hostess of the Lady of the Lake, states that she and her husband have occupied the house for upwards of twelve months, during which time they have been unable to keep a boarder in the hotel for more than two days together, in consequence of the horrible sounds which render night hideous in the house Mrs. Egan positively asserts that she is disturbed nightly by rumblings in the bar, and sounds as of someone walking heavily with a stick, after the manner of the late Mr. Hancock. The men in the employ of Mr. Egan are equally terri- fied by the unearthly sounds which pervade the pre- cints of the public house after midnight, and one of them, who has since left, assured Mrs. Egan that in the darkness, early one morning, he was seized by the spectre, and violently thrown over the bannisters, one of his ribs being broken in the fall. How much credence can be placed in the man's story of course we cannot say, but he certainly had a broken rib to show in proof of his assertion, as Mrs. Egan can testify. Another man de- clares that he was dragged out of bed some weeks ago, shortly after midnight, by a woman in black, whom he thought was Mrs. Egan. Mrs. E., however, denies the soft impeachment, and so this matter also remains en- shrouded in mystery. On examination of the premises, however, a corner at least of the mysterious veil was lifted. The Lady of the Lake is separated from the dwelling of Mrs. Burton by a small yard and a low fence only. The back-door of the public house is in such a dilapidated state but the bottom panel is almost en- tirely removed, leaving space for an ordinarily stout person to pass through. Thus the occupants of tie next house could have easy access to the hotel at any hour of the night did they wish it. Now both Mr. Burton, his wife, and daughter are of slim build, one are presumed to be famiiiar with every hole and corner of the public-house. Mrs. Barton also appears to be perfectly aware of the particular rooms occupied by the various members of Mr. Egan's household, although she has never entered the house since her expulsion ; and in reply to a few interrogatories, exhibited a knowledge of the phantom's proceedings, which is, to say the least, extraordinary. Facing the Lady of the Lake there re- sides an ancient party, who rejoices in the patronymic of Maloney. He has a small shop, in which he offers for sale various heterogeneous articles of food. Now, it is a curious circumstance that this old gentleman, who was an intimate friend of old Han- cock when alive, and at deadly enmity with Mrs. Burton, so far corroborates her story by declaring that he sees the ghost of his deceased friend every night. Mr. Maloney who, be it understood, reposes at night, on a verandah immediately in front of the Lady of the Lake, and consequently can see a great deal of what passes around -solemnly avers that the phantom visits him nightly in precisely the same habilments he wore when in the flesh—a suit of clothes, we understand, whose beauties were considerably hampered by limits. This is substantially all that has at present transpired anect the ghost of Hancock. That the neighbours believe in the appearance of the spirit, is without a doubt. Who shall solve the mystery? The Glebites, however, may lake comfort. Mrs. Barton is confident that immediately she receives the £8000, which she alleges the departed Robert bequeathed to her, the phantom of old Hancock shall haunt the Glebe no more. —————- " LOOK A-HAR," remarked a granger to the waiter of a main street lunch-room last week, " your coffee is O K, your hash is about correct, but ain't your eggs a leetle toe ripe?'' 