SOUTH AUSTRALIAN WESLEYAN CONFERENCE. TUESDAY, JANUARY 23. The annual sittings of the South Australian Wesleyan Conference were commenced at the Archer-street Church, North Adelaide, on Tues- <*> day morning, January 23. There was a good attendance of ministers and local preachers, and the President (Rev. W. P. Wells) took the chair at 10 o'clock. On the roll being called, the following gentle men answered to their names:—Bevs. T. Hasten, H. Mack, C. Lane. T. C. Lauranee, T. Lloyd, S. Knight, 6. W. Patchell, M.A., H. T. Burgess, B.S.Casely.C. H. Goldsmith, J. Allen, J.B. Stephenson, A. Stubbs, C. T. Newman, J. T. Simpson. J. TTmlmw, J. Nicholson, B. 6. Edwards, D. CDonnell, P. G. Thomas, S.T. Withingto*. B. W. Campbell, TV. EL Eofe, J.H.Trevorrow.W.H. Pollard, W.T. Carter, B. Kelly, T. B. Bowe, S. F. Prior. [The Bevs. G. Lee and J. Bead, who were absent when the roll was called, entered the church later in the day.] The Peesident remarked that it was usual on ench occasions to refer to what had been done by the English Conference. He would give them a little information en that subject. A letter bad been received from the Rev. Jas. Buller, their representative in England, of which the following was an extract:— ** Brother Bickford would keep you well posted up with Conference proceedings, ao I need only say that after the great question of " Lay representation,' 9 or rather the memorable debate thereon, was decided, I requested the Secretary of the Con ference, Dr. Williams, to bring up our plan and resolutions. It was proposed by the ex-Presi dent simply to lay it on the table, which he thought was all that was necessary. I did not feel it required of me to say much. Some por tions of it were read, and it was agreed to with out any formal resolution. In virtue of the powers conferred on the British Conference by the recent Act of Parliament, the President is authorised to transfer all vested rights which the British Conference have at present in our Australian properties to our several Conferences, and I understood from Mr. Bedford that a cer tified copy of that deed will be seat to each Pre sident. This will put our Church on a sure legal foundation in each colony, and nothingnow stands in the way of lay representatives taking their place in the next annual Conferences." Aletter bad also been received from the Secre tary of the British Conference, which was as follows:—"I have much pleasure in informing you that according to my promise! laid before the Conference recently assembled in Notting ham the minutes of the first general Conference of the Australasian Wesleyan Methodist Church, and that no objection was taken to any of the decisions or proposed arrangements of that Conference. I have also forwarded to yon by book post a copy of the minutes of the Con ference held in Nottingham, in which you will find (pp. 194 195) important resolutions bearing on Australasian affairs. The resolutions re ferred to were—l. Conferring on the Austral asian Conference, and upon the four annual Conferences constituted by it, the powers vested in the British Conference by the Methodist Connexion Act 1676, and by virtue of the Bth, 9th, 10th, and 11th clauses of the late John Wesley's Deed Poll, so far as such powers are available within the Australasian Wesleyan Methodist Connexion. 2. That all acts done by the Australasian Conference shall not require confirmation by the British Con ference, or be entered on the journals or minutes thereof. 3. Declaring members of the Australasian General Conference and its four Conferences eligible for appointments. &C.;, the same as if such persons had been ad mitted into connexion with the British Con ference. 4. Confining the operation of the fore going resolutions within the geographical limits within which the Australasian Conference ex tended by virtue of the resolution passed by the Conference of 1854 constituting such Australa sian Conference. The rev. gentleman, in con cluding, said their nextduty would be to elect a President. Onttie vote being taken for President for 1877-B,theresultwasasfollows:— Rev.S.Knight, I4;Bev. Mr. lioyd, 10; ttev. B. S.Caaely,!; Bev. C. H. Goldsmith, 1. The result was re ceived with applause. The hx-Pbestoent warmly congratulated the Bev. Mr. Knight on bis appointment to the Presidential chair, spoke highly of his worth as a zealous laborer in the Lord's Vineyard, and said he had watched that gentleman's eareer with a considerable degree of interest and pleasure. He then presented Mr. Knight with the Conference Bible, and vacated the Presi dential chair in his favor. The President heartily thanked the brethren for placing him in the position he then occupied, which position, he said, might be influential or otherwise, according to the character and dispo sition of the person holding it. He would strive to the best of his ability to discharge faithfully the duties that would devolve upon him. Their success as a Church during the past year was not each as be could have -wished ; he thought, how ever, that they were passing through a tempo rary period ef darkness, and would ultimately emerge into light. (Hear.hear.) He would not detain them by making ? speech, but would ex press a hope that, as there would probably be other open sessions besides the one on that morn ing, there would be a large attendance of mem bers of the Church to show by their presence that they took an interest in the proceeding*. He would call atteution to their Home Mission, which was a great and good work, and ought to be supported by all. He also hoped that there would-be-a good-attendance at, and benefit would be derived from, the uicet ing to be held for the promotion of holiness. It was not a meeting for the promulgation «C an* new doc trines, but the promoting of f ullerCtalsiSanlife. That was the first Conference they had had in which the clerical aad lay element wen mixed. They had admitted the principle of poptifcr re presentation, and Le believed thattbat would ultimately be the principle ou which, all their meetings would be conducted. (Hear, heat.) Another new feature in the present Conference was the convention of Sunday-school officers and teachers. The great problem of the relation of the young to the Church bad not yet been solved, [and that was a BubjetK which would, come before them. Then there -was the ordina tion, service—the ordination of their minister*. The time was when the minister was lnnfcxfl upon as a special creation, but that idea had changed, and ministers were regarded as the progeny of the Church's religious life. Id speaking of the work of the minister in d^ssemr 1" nating the truths contained in. the Gospel, ha referred to that great navigator, Captain Cook, who had evidently & farseeingjeye tothe*colo nization of the islands which he discovered, and who, whenever he went ashore at auch. pieces, scattered broadcast seed* with which fas bad previously filled bis pockets. In the course of time they would germinate and prepare tha soil for future colonization. The'-rev. gentle- I mt£ *J**, b*?fiy *<**«* on the various other enbjects that would come before them for con sideration, such as the public recdeumm of members of the Church after perhaps longer probation and fuller trial, followed by formal recognition; the recognition of communicants and their identification in. some way with tha membership of the Church; the relation of children to the Church, whether their Chris tianity should be assumed till disproved by un worthy life, and whether some rite of cjrifirau tiom could be adopted; the formulating of evangelistic effort, and the eonsidsntioowith reference to its adaptation and rectification of the new model deed. He again thanked the meeting for electing him to fill the position of President of that body. i~~w>? ? The Bev. C. H. Goldsmith was elected Secre tary fo the Conference, and the Beva. H. T. Burgess end J. B. Stephenmn Assistant Secre taries. The Eev. B. S. Casely was appointed Letter Writer. The Pbesidbkt stated that since last Confer ence the fiev. C. Lane anil D. O'Donnell had been received from the Victorian Conferenes, and the Bev. T. C. L&uraoee;, from Western Australia, These brethren were present, and were heartily welcomed. Mr. Selden, a candidate for the ministry, having just arrived from England, also received the right hand of fellowship. The ex-Pkbsidknt movS—"Thata telegram be sent to tbe Bev. T. James, of Sandhurst, ex pressing the sympathy of tbe Conference with . him in the loss sustained in tbe death of his wife." Carried. The Bev. H. Mack moved a vote of thanks to the Bev. W. P. Wells, for his services as Presi dent during the past year, clothing the resolu tion in terms expressive of tile efficiency with which the duties had been fulfilled. The Bev. C. Lake seconded tbe motion, which was supported by several ministers, and carried by acclamation. A vote of thanks was also passed to tbe Ber. C. H. Goldsmith for his able services as Secre tary. A. recommendation from the Northern Dis trict Meeting, that an additional year's status begranted to tbe Bev. 8. F. Prior, on tbe ground of his having left the Theological Institution before fulfilling bis three yean 1 term was nega tived, it being shown that his standing was reckoned from the January prior to his atriral in the colony in August, 1875. It was decided that no further allowance could be made in conformity with the tale on that question. The£ev.H.H. league having been obliged through ft'lrng itpaiai to return to England, a resolution was passed conveying the sympathy of the Conference with Mr. Teagae, and its con fidence in his fidelity and integrity. On tbe- nomination of the Chairman of the Southern District Meeting, Mr. J. GOlingham was received as a minister on trial. ITedhesoat, SiSxnsrSi. The greater-part of the day was occupied in she examination of probationers and the con sideration of their several cases. Messrs. Carter, Pollard, Kelly, and Bowe were examined orally by the ex-President, and the three latter were admitted into full con nexion, having passed their term of probation and concluded their examination satisfactorily. The same of a candidate for the -ministry, who had been reoemmended by the Northern. District meeting, was introduced; bat, after due discussion, bis admissiso was drelinnd The Ex-President announced that he had in structed the Bev. J. Bickford to secure some suitable young men from England,-and if ■none who had passed the British Coaferaocewew available, to endeavor to get one or two who bad missed reception on the ground of being over age. Mr. Bickford bad used his influence immediately on arrival in England, and the re sult was that Messrs. Selden and Craeas were dispatched to tbe colony, the farmer of whom had already arrived, bat was not prepared at once to enter on active work on account of 01 \--health, which bad overtaken him since leaving; home. On the motion of the Ex-President, it was re solved that Mr. J. W. Clucas be received by the Conference and placed on the PresidentIslist of reserve, several testimonials in favor of the candidate from members of the British Confer ence having been read. The PmssiPiarr intimated that Thomas K. Thomas, who had been received by tbe Confer ence in 1873 had spent two yean in the Theological Institution, and subsequently two years at the Melbourne University, and baring recently gained his BX degree had returned to this colony, and was now employed acceptably at Port Pirie. Mr. Thomas's admission on trial was agreed to, and the question of status deferred to a future session. Mr. W. A. I«ig?ford,wbafortwoyeaf?haf been pursuing his studies ** Prince Alfred College, was recaived as a minister on proba tion. Tbdbsbat, Jamxtaet 35. The Committee who had been appointed to bear Mr. Carter preach reported an hissetnton^ and Mr. Patch&U; annonncri the rssult of th* written examination. Both reports were con sidered highly satisfactory, and Mr. Carter was received by a tma&imous; vote into full con nection, aad accordingly took his seat. The Pbksidbnt read a eongratulatary tele gram from tiie Secretary of the New Sooth Wales Conference, on whktt it was resolved that a fraternal reply be forwarded, and also fraternal greetings to ibe Victorian Conference^ kow in session. _ _ The report of trial sermon by Mr. W. H. Hanton was presented by tbe Committee^ and: on the motion of the Ex- Preride?t he wa* unanimously accepted as a probationer. On the question—"What students are to remain in our Theological Institution?" tha name of Mr. Johnson James was introduced, and considerable disenssion ensued on tfce sub ject of theological training, and «be real object for which students were placed in the insti tution. . , The Ex-Pheszdeht said thatf Mr. James, bad been going through a course of study at (be University, and it was desirable that it should be continued. . A , Mr tTactut regretted to bear that the students' work at tbe University bad precluded them from pursuing any theological Madias. He asked for what purpose candidates were sent to the College; whether to make tiiem more efficient as Methodist preachers, or merely to favor their advance in literary attainments. If the Utter, he submitted that the Church, could not afford it, and further that such a 1 course was entirely out of harmony with W? MJtiM «f*? ■*■*■*• *■*? wiM collages itlw fei*Utn^ta.meia.obie«twM to auafis?ae. Mawae altaihiiit awe iiapmUi* as MsalM* ttMklHMKto tava del *fc? sneaker. ts*a«anHef* better tfb?rsrytoaiaiag, bat be ■ ■i—i^inniujiw ii mil 1 *r «• MM • Ueivsarity em — "^7^ wbaatat?eoeld m? a?\jrvL.bot m mcoaaUsaat wish ttsf .ZaUiataattm «f U- Metlwdist A* fe-Pmwaurr pressed te • !«?« wane of etady, •?* e^ecaHy m rwmwfimi with «m ease aafcr uiiasfcihira>i«, M the rtUlilwiw*^ ■■■ -fiinx earthed s)fcn ' i-?ht—««be empaaseof M* tat jaarVxeaV j eisas* at tbe OsOain. i M*.LMQS>didaoteare to b*ad men to the Gaits** •*<■*?•■* ia spite af circuit «mt- Tie* MMh? ?? the ease of Mr.Jum, and it vat asalved efts* he to received m a pcwkasbmerte eater apeaeireiiit work for the ""iwiCTIL Mack •Pl***'l *••■ «ZIMMd to Tas> ■■■?!■ a^naasiaas ansssisil.—-What atiaaaan have died mm teak Cxafeeaser* * Was* sautfsj—warms we apt* amptoyed a . A* imSWfcriMd NNWd negatively. Tna^sxaatfasimof auaMerialebnraeterwM ■trt fwwttol with, do objestioa being te ww. Fbebay, Jakvaby 9s. TasriasbValiinil ■ siiiiflisliilssMj hibniain frmwm Secretary of she Victoria Conference (Bev.BTsaoer WOlUaw). Tba> laaataiist of tfc* wnSi| sssrisn was •mU vita fee (object of the stations for the Tk?es>-Pns?featnadto tte Conference let tmJtomtti H«n. Low* and Atkins of the TTaabaa laslialia nistrirt Ok Iks motion ef Mr. Wrrax*smwL,tbeCoa fawn ■■iiiiiiiniij r "*"".~ **--■*—■ to reasasMer Up application far liberty to re atove to Victoria ia IKS. The wniwiTT thanked the br.£araa for taasr Had —|bi— inis. ——*-f—c that taeaghae did assist* the seme dative to leave tbisCaa fenejm tftai as felt some two }«■ dam, ha Ml ?a fclinti tbiag to interfere with tha hi lir' " -' tbe Cwwl Cmfeianrs, which, allowed bias aumissinn to exchange with a miaMar fcem the Caaferesm of Victoria. Csassaenag the ptea?aae at dsasastaa saustiea, —d other sirna ait mm, he weoM simply wait th« gafatiag af Ptvvideare, satiated that if ha ah—fa nan in ia Sjnth Anetralie, he would not Tha latter-writer wm requested to iaf arm the VsctamOeaferettoe of the lesatatkm that had The af tha ifatamt aawral of the aiiiiitaiM waa «ot t?trataaad. ud it waa denial that Kaatn. W. H. PaUard «d T. K. TteaaM mbb'tc ?tUua of «U aad tow j«an ■aVAVA^a^atfaall^ fbVfTlf. Ro«r«« atetai «aa fixed at Cm Jwm* MfHBAT, JAirauaM. 1? iliriiii to «ha aufatM «w Wlawiaa; Mama, SZ iPiriMte^t), B«aaa (Arehar^ atoM*), Iw (Kewt TkrraC Hack (Part Ad? | irnUaf Marfiiw (o—iwfL), Ftiatoa (Wil- BialarXKa^r (TaafaHlW), BMntt (Qwrler), ftana (XafMia), Ihwey jNUpatoaX D*"" Or fpiL Jla?y (CW.), ft>wacd (A?J«mK Oatth* (SatoSTcrt* (I«n). ITianiiri aa2 Ja%(lfaMi?X&ri;« (Kadia*), Hawatt (Port WaUhM). thaka (Ikadarldse). Tha fem. Joh* OdMa llWMto?at), ttam. Aha Can (Chiwliik aaid M?. Eogli? (t^aiiawwfto), ar riwathJat&wai; ill ill XBai fMPWT wywcpii m. tav wKw obbhbvs* tarn. Aaiftwa*«h*ie>ttt«athaft?qraamwwm adaiiMad, attaalkiat hUM bt daa h tin fiiiMlia at ii iliiii oathapattof theariaktora. fat ftiijhl *ay wa«td aa ? Oiifii—iiha rwhegaiiiiiillM I—d ia power tfa—gfc th? adaAabai «f «hc htj gortkian. Thay wml I W to—had with ianrwMr it lava to God ad am ■MMaaai aWai oa each other. Ba hafalewcd that the Chwsah wan aaan lairly taaxaaaatod ll jiij Him aw & had been, aad the* aught «spaat*raa«h the j—iajiralii <fA? w ii lii l ~ ' "j '- Chwnh. TIM aB-r??aowrraMd that a thediaeo*. ah?af tha lay iniin a«irii? farthiK he had BaTafel bHI laHDfli *1 Votf (BaWt la^Ml. a^S had hMhad at it aithiwil bar. bat with oob ailiiili haeMvaadaawi^aieadtothaiaitia tiaa a* tta mm tuartitnrina, aadtmateltha hwinaiia millheyerfaetlyathaaw. It waa OMriad tha* the mamm af ate Coa ta«mhaayaaad to ate pejhtte, otatai each liii ii rtiTTinliiHiii h?n iliHaiaiian rttm Uadai «a t —tina reUtiar to dtvi- ka af Piakirti aad Oacaala, thaler. T. Isum —iaj he aaaa taaal faaa taa Heithura Dietriet.aadfinaH lato a aaw diatrict.TK..—Malmae. Wawaaa, aiaaHai, fart Rrie, Belalie, Lamm, Fort i —mm. inr . aad Taraowie.* Ha etotod thai itilaaj.liHi Inn iia T i CSfcaJai ware all wwaMagwa?,itw?ald be ? great ad^aatagato ■Ml waaM •aa# Ift fiataafjp? atf •M^wKSHaaMlaiaM wiiiifatft aright be rmriuit fat theedee- Ja>. JjaTtlauca had well nmMiwmH. the eab ieati aad wm areoazad to aeaead tha aaotaoa,ai SVnll baaitoaaare ralrinat maw%h*aad aeveral other lamhrn hanag •pokam, the awMbka wae pot aad catriad by ? KHiority KwtbaraPMaTiettkatCTtolQo, Cbaowie, Tero wie, Tataowia, aad Mnajafaie be eaparated fga?<hito?toa? Ctreait, aad lerehliihol ae aaaft aaaTatanaV?EVk A. BCtHaWB fim& CBftl" eWaTaTtedWietMHxr?edwMrcadbytfae Cewatoij, desirag th«t c. Muuetor ba Mat aWWfCSBX g?w af tiirtjo nnnnwrtafi with tbaajaaMadaewcacttit. The ■attar wae dkv- at laagth. Meaan. Stephanaa?, F«aree, Cav, OiHua, Drew, Mack, awl Uoyd, tobiag Bart,wha* it we daetdad that the reqaeat be jtilHil aad that the aew etotiaa be tamed twaavteDMriel. tt«Mto?ol*«d that the aoaiaara part el taa late Northern District be naaaad ?W Middle Dietrkt. Oafte laiwanmailetimi of the TorhafoPeain- 1 aoU Pill ii« bleetn^. it n neatvad that the aaaw «f TMaJbndge Cireait be chaaged w I Tahiitowa^aad that of aluJaoawie to Mjaiatoa. ' Oafhe aMtiaa of Mr. Lion, it wm «aaoi aMaatar reealvad that Port Aogoato beoceasted a* a aew atotam. A fetter fn? the Ber. T. i Piper wae ftrrt reed to the Oaatoaaea oo the iWMlilinn aad taligtu«? adt^aaageeof thattown. Tvas?Ai, J**r akt 99. Theiiaaa-baj ■■■ then aeked—- What dbeaita Mk far aWiiaml Wtaehm f i Mr.la?jja?haaWeacaeetiythenaMof the Karracaarte caxeit. It wae eoaae time naoe a _i^^ aad b^s thane: **" ulaea had m> aegleeto^toth* qnritaei detraiMt af thedaodc*. The Chozcb. waa in • pcaitioa toiaviai • ataHrter, and tbe proepoeto «oao eia?y aad ethetwiee were tbtj good. ■S.fcgM eeaanaad,«faowiag theia ant lai?iifiiiiii of both Sarraeoorta aad Ki?gataa efaaeo the oamtuftwn of the railway. aVaat Barker eaxait *ls> appKad far a. jo?ior A. Wttet waeread bora bit. G. MraTiilan. of Part WektftfM. deeirijng the Cooiirenof to ap aeca??dayaf baa>fliat?on and prayer tar rain. Ofe «ae avtauo of tbe fo-P«*an?«rr, it wa? aaatial '•That ia the da% prayer of thje Caafonaae, ipncial iabaccmiaa be aaade for cafe, aarfwidaily in tboae parts of thecofaiay m? aejaatry raaeuriac it." Ifcaa ttM-Brriet atwtrag retexaa it waa asWaaaaMk i^aaV *?*?*■ * rt tf f h ,- Mll L --^----t-^— i^ •^■W •aaaT* "■aWUAU^Kr «H V^lniKCa ■aKaanMGc* IB •aaaattjaa with ttii> t'^afereeee wm 4.9M, WiajwifaiiainX •*>-■'. -. ,• the year. Tii«a* ajanahaXa?mte.. A laaf ewtaiMi ,uc work of God •Baaed, javolviag tbe caoaaideeation of tostsof , mowbuahip, aad the bam of the children 1! fend, the general feeling being ia favor of mlter fasgthaibads, m the retains of members suf tsred from fiaaacicl aaweiafwn, ? quarterly levy being charged upon each membw. The Bev. L. G. Carter and Mr. J. Darling, MLP, attended m delegates from tbe Baptist Aanciation; the Bev.J. H. Angus, m a depu tation from the Pnabytery; aad the Bev. T. Piner, from the Bible Chrietiea Church. Aa Faam>mrr (Bev. 8. Knight) said tha Confeaaxe cordially welcomed the mmasu tativesof the venerable Presbyterian Denomi nation, and the mote reseat bat enterprising Baptist aad Bible Christian Denominations. He rejoiced i? their preseaet, ?ad he regarded it m aa eiwtsaiun of she Christian unity among them. (Applause.) ||Tfae?ev.L.G.CA?xajt said he would like to do pablkdy what he had already done privately, and "inrrafrilatu the Conference on the ap pomtateat of so able ? President m the Bev. 8. knight, who would doubtless prove a worthy •scoaanrof the fete Pnatdent, tbe Bev. W. P. Wells. He came on that occasion charged with ftalMiial tiiiwinp fimn tlw Heptist ftsnirristinn totheConferaaccaadtowiab them Ood speed ia the work He bad given them. Ha wm glad that tbe day was now long past when a feeling * rivalry interfered with Christian unity amoo« the various deaomiaatioaa, and that at the preaent there were each kiadlinees and sym pathy exhibited by the members of Churches toothers out of their own denominations. He had beard a good deal of undftmrniimtJooaUsm, bat be did not believe in it. He liked to eee the venous denominations working separately with the one grand purpose, aad be thought there wm a good deal of troth in the old simile comparing the various evangelical bodies with different regiments in an army, aach having its own particular line of action, bat all working to attain tbe same object. In the same way each ilfamiiinsfmn had Us own duty and its own purpose to aecure, and although there might be differences among them, in the main, there wm Christian unity. (AppUose.) It had often seemed to him that union between tbe Baptists aad Presbyterians wm desirable. They cer tainly wanted some of the denominations to —r-.'g—t-*t. and he believed that in England there wm a growing feeling ia favor of this bomb. PanM?allvhehedagm* liking forth* Wcaleyaaa, aad he heartily wished them God speed. He once more aamred the Coafecenceof the sympathy with them felt by the Baptist Assnriatwn, and be afncerely wished them con tinued prospcrh^r in the work. (Applause.) Mr. i. Dabujto said he was truly pleased and proud of his position m one of the delegates bom the Baptist Aawriation to their much respected aad ianaeatial body. Mr. Carter, m they knew. *m a aeirchnmof hie—(laughter) —and if that gentleman had been ia the colony M ka« m himself he would havaremembered a time when the Baptist denomination wm in a disjointed onaditioa, and when there would have been Jaat rssaoas to cnmrJsin of the want of union. But aow they were beaded together m well m any iV- anminirimi. (Applause.) They did aot m Baptists differ wo moch from other lUrmmrMtnm Meome persons thomght. There wm only one little difference between them: aad he thought it woold be dis gneefalif a betievar refused to partake of the cop of feUowabip with another because one believed waUUle water and the other inagreat deal. (Laoghtar aad applause.) He thought there wm a good deal more onion between the Baptists and Weskyans than was often sap posed. Although a quarter of a century ago there wm a atdc of union among Ae Baptists in the colony, be believed that at the preaent time they eoond Sad m smdi real Christian aaioa aad sympathy among the Baptists m in \ aay otis?r danossiaatioa. (Applaaae.) He always stood up far his flountzy, aad be always stood ap for Ws dmnmiastinii (Hoar, hear, and laughter.) He wm pliaaed to be pre eeatoatbatooaask?, and to b? the beam- of ■Haagie ooaveyiag fraternal repuds from the Baptist AasncMtinn to the Wesleyan Con fereaee. (ApplMae.) They mat oa oceanoas like these to -*;—?•*- aad oatwarage one another ia the work, aad to extend their sym pathy to one another in their dimeulties. He wm pleased to hear Mr. Carter's opiakm that the «M spirit of rivalry was dying oat. The oppotttionofte? displayed by one aeaoauna tion, ay erecting inTfittte towasbip a church aot wasted, wu in hia opinion very objection able, and tended to binder instead of advanc tbe good work. (Hear, bear.) He wm glad that this spirit of competition wm dying oat. His own opinion wm that if then was a Baptist Church in a little township they should leave it alone, and that, if in the same way, the Weaeyaas had elected a church m a small place othi'r fawamatinMsfaoaMaoterectttanaiwsssry buildings, bat aay to the pioneers go on aad prosper: we will not in.erfere. (Applause.) At om of tbe CVanmittoe Meetings of the Baptist a—~*w^_he hoped he wm aot revealing qmi ate bfl eteoagfa' opposed a nopoatMa for the erection of a Baptist Chateh ia apart of TobWs PasuasaU,whsre the Wesleyaa Church already there wm saacaeat far the wants of the residents. (Applause.) He heartily wished bis Wesleyaa brethren Godspeed. (Applause.) Tha Bev. T. Fm regretted the absence through serious iliness of the Sev. J. Hancwrk. who had bean appointed as a dele gate with hisMetf from the Bible Christian' Chmch to the Conference. He(Mr.P^er) had always taken a great deal of interest ia the Wesleyaa oVaomination, aad from the baria aiag of his Bible Christian oner ia tab eakay he had closely wtthnil the ptugreas amde by i that body. There wm great reason way the ! best of feelings and sympathy should exist be tween the various sections of tha Christian Cbnrcfa. So far m tbe Bibto Christians were concerned, he knew they wished for union among ?a *fc* evangelical JiMUf^ifn^iarfMy, Bib I believed tha* there wms, stooag desire to co open to and ally themselves with these denomi nations in the good work; bat especially did this feeling of sympathy exist among Bible CbTMtiaaTfor that section of the Church whose doctrines were the same m their own, whose polity was similar, aad whose members sang tbe same hymns m themselves. (AppUose.) Tbe Bible Christians oongratslated the Wes leyaae on their success, wwhed them continued prosperity, aad be hoped the same friendly re lations and goodwill would continue to exist be tween the two deaominations. (Applause.) The Bev. J. H. Arocb, who attended m a { delagste from tbe Presbytery, expressed bis ! sorrow that hi? fellow delegate, the Bev. J. Gordon, wm unable to be present on that oc casion. He attended with great pleasure as a ' i^Tirt-*^— to the Conference to offer the con gratulation of the Presbytery. He believed in their endeavoring to cultivate a spirit of true Christina unity wherever their lots were out, end be might my it had been hie experience to knowmaayWawiyaalCniaterswhosesympathy < be greatly valued. He had listened with great pleasure on the previous evening to the ad dresses delivered at tbe Draper Memorial Chorcb, aad his heart warmed with the kindly sentiments aad goodwill ex pressed by the speakers towards other deno rsinstioM Especially wm ba pleased with the speech made by the Chairman, whose ad dress displayed tbe most liberal aad catholic spirit. He eoegratojated the Conference on having at length secured lay representation, and he believed that they would and the new system a great uaprovement on the old. It i had always given strength to the Presbyterian j body, aad he believed it would to the Wedeyans. It wa* evident that the various evangelicAl de nominations were drawing closer to one another, and he rejoiced to aee the growing qiirit of unity among tbe various Cbnrebes. The denomiaa tioas aWm***"* *■ good deal upon each other for help aad sympathv, and he believed tbe Pres byterian Cfcurch, which Mr. Knight had called venerable, wm nevertheless quite as willing to learn from tha Wesleyan Church, a* he waa tore the Wesleyaa Church was from tbe Pres byteriao. He had great pleasure in conveying fraternal greeting* from ttt Presbytery to the Conference, and in expressing his own personal wishot for it* onMJniwd prouterity. ( AwpUuie). Mr. Jas. Scorr, JP-, oa Vlialf «rf the Coa fereco, rej.lieil to the scatuuents that La i been es.;r«*?v-J by the Jelegatcs fruui tbe liaptlat Association, the rreabytoy, and the Bible Christian C3iiircb, He assured them that their kind regards, their warm appreciation for the aervfce the Wedeyan* wan doing for their common Christianity, and tbeir sympathy, were all most cordially reciprocated by the Oon fercsMe. (Applaase.) The Ber. J. B. Smphbmbok also replied on behalf of the Conference. He felt greatly gratified «t the tone and spirit of the remarks I made by the deputations; and he could but reciprocate the cordial sentiments that had been expraseed. He would like to eay that the Conference deeply regretted the absence of the Rev. Mr. Hancock, aad sympathised with him in his affliction. Mr. Hancock was deservedly esteemed M a worthy minister of the Gospel, and hie truly catholic and kindly spirit had obtained for him the respect of many ministers of other denominations who were acquainted with aim. Them were three particulars into which the lines of thought, work, and life of tlie^tfioasdenaminationsmightbedivided; and these were their doctrines, their ecclesiastical poHty.asd their work. Time was when the ques tion of -doctrine was the battle-ground of the denominations, aad one Church could hardly give expression to tbe doctrines which they eonseie&tioU;?ly held without another Church challenging their statements. He wm glad that that day had passed, aad teat now they could fearlessly express their conviction without giving any annoyance or umbrage to brethren whose views slightly differed from their own. Hebelievedthisreeult had been obtained through their recognising the fact that in all the essen tial doctrines they were at one. There might be differences about doctrines which were not cardinal or essential, without interfering with their onion or affecting their sympathy with 1 each other. Some doctrines of the Wesleyan Church, such as, for instance, that of personal salvation aad the higher Christian life, had been, recognised and adopted by brethren in other Churches. Then, as to their eocleejastical poUty,tliey had been, to some extent, following tbe practice of other Churches. Tbe intto- I Auction of lay representation was not, aa had been pointed out, a fundamental or an essential change in their polity; it wae only a modifica tion, not a revolution. He confessed he was glad to eee the laity present at their Conference meetings. The principle of their ecclesiastical polity was more Presbyterian than Episcopalian. Though their traditions were Episcopalian their | Church organisation was nevertheless more | Presbyterian than Episcopation in its tone and character. Mr. Darling had expressed tbe opinion that the question of baptism was triding, and he believed they would all agree with him. daughter.) He was glad to observe that they were gradually attaining that delightful har mony which it wm so desirable for them to have. (Hear, bear, and laughter.) The Bev. K. S. Cabblt asked the Rev. Mr. Piper to convey to the Bev. Mr. Hancock, their eoteeaaed brother, their expressions of regard and sympathy for him in his present affliction.. He (Mr. Casety) also expressed his regret at the unavoidable absence of the Bev. Mr. Gordon. The question of the return* of church membership was reiatrodneed by Mr. Newman. He qooted statistics of the Adelaide Circuital of 10 years ago, and compared them with those of to-day, showing that pingness had not been at all in proportion to the increase of population. He attributed it to tile large circuit system, which ao divided the attention of the minister m to prevent efficient pastoral oversight. After a few others bad spoken, the Ex- Pbbsdbht moved tbe reaolation in favor of special revival services, notice of which had bean given in the former Session. Mr. J. PaaBCB suggested that a reform might be made by appointing a new order of class leaden—younger men, who had not lost their vigor and seal. There wm not sufficient confi dence and fi'owtom among the members in 1 speaking to each other. A .revival of individual earnestness wm highly necessary. I The Hon. J. Cotroir believed that too much ground wjm cuyaied by the circttit, thus pre venting the visitation of members in their own bouses. If both ministers and leaders would regulate their work ao m to make periodical vieita, he thought the secret of past want of snoceas would be discovered. The Hon. J. Cask said that tbe leakage of members was not from want of conversions, but through tbe comparatively light estimate in which the class meeting wm held by many of the people. Mr. Goumooth attributed the unpopularity of the class to the growing disposition among the young people for worldly amusements. There ■book be a wider distinction between the Ofanrch and tbe world. After farther conversation, the motion was earned. Mr. OaSBLT read the Treasurer'a report of the children's fund, which, on the motion of Mr. Gabs, was adopted. Means. Casely and C. Drew resigned their office a* Treasurers of the fund, and Messrs. H. R. HsnnoHr and the Superintendent of Mooota Circuit were appointed in their stead. Tha balance-sheet of the education fund was read and passed. The balance-sheet aad accounts of the worn out ministers' fand were also presented and adopted. The Bev. W. P. WeUs and Mr. W. i Baodea ware reappointed aa Treasurers of the fund. The report pf the Foreign Mission fund was received, aad the Bev. T. Boston re-elected Treasurer. WWXBEBAX, JAHCABT 31. It was resolved that the members of the Financial District Committee for the year 1677 be the ministers of the respective districts aad Circuit Stewards of the various circuits in those districts. Tbe Conference resolved that the members of tbe Educational Committee be the Prince Alfred College Committee. The following resolutions were carried:—That the report of the Prince Alfred College be adopted; and that this Committee rejoices in ! the continued snecess and prosperity of Prince Alfred College, and gratefully acknowledges the services of tbe Committee of Management. The following were appointed the Committee for tbeensuingyear:—The Bev. S. Knight, Presi- I dent of the Conference, Honorary President of I the College, and ell the ministers of the dis tricts in full connexion, Hon. J. Oarr, M.P- Hon. J. Colton, M-P., Messrs. G. W. Cninner, E. Clement, B. N. Gault, J. B. Hack, J.D. Hill, T. Johnson, M.P., J. H. Raines, W. King, jun., "W.Longbottom,T.Padman, W. Rhodes, J. Scott, J.P., H. Thompson, G. W. Cotton, T. Anthony, S. Bray. E. H. Butler, A. Catt, E. Davey, J. Drew, C. Drew. J. Dunn, jua, H. B. >t««a«a fi. Kelly, T. Moyses, D. Nock, MJ"., J. Poiaton, J. Pearoe, J.P., O. Sara, J. Thompson, J. P. Moyle, T. Kinnes, E. Spioer, J. P. Swann, D. Howard, M.KJngsborongb,VT.G. Coombs, R. Anderson, I. W. Wilkinson, H. Codd, 3. W. Parsons, and W. F. Wincey, and Dr. J. B. Stephens. It wm also resolved—That tbe thanks of the Com mittee be given to the Bev. W. P. Wells. Hono rary President of Prince Alfred College, for the interest manifested by him in tbe affairs of tbe College daring the past year. That the thanks of the Committee be given to the Hon. J. Colton, Treasurer of the College, for tbe interest he has displayed in the College. That the thanks of this Committee be given to Mr. G. W. Cotton, tLe Secretory of the College Committee, for his valuable services during the year. That the cordial thanks of this Committee be presented to Mr. T. G. Waterhbuse for his sustained interest in the College, and his munificent gifts on behalf of its funds. The Home Mission and Contingent Fund balance-sheet showed the total income to be £1,019 15s. Bd. The expenditure wm £Bso os. lid., leaving a balance in hand of £30 14s. 9d. The balance-sheet wm adopted. Thanks were given to the Treasurers, the Bev. W. P. Wells and the Hon. J. Colton; and to the Secretaries, the Revs. H. T. Burgess, S. T. Withuigton, and T. Lloyd. The Bev. S. Knight aad Hon. J. Colton were appointed Treasurers; tbe Bev. H. T. Burgess was appointed Secretary; aid the Hon. J. Carr, M.P., the Hon. J. Oolton, rf.P, W. F. Wincey. J. Pearoe, C. Drew, T. Davis, A. Catt, and J. K. Kelly were appointed Committee. A diwvitt-iou arose as to the Allocation Com ' mittee,appointedforallottingtheHomeMission Fund to the various districts. The Bev. B. S. Cabelt moved—"That the Allocation Com mittee be dispensed with, and that the moneys Ibe distributed by die Conference.'' The motion was withdrawn, as being too important to be decided at once, aad it was ultimately resolved to consider the question at the financial dis trict meetings. The Bev. B. S. Cashly then brought forward a recommendfttionfrom Yorke's [ Peninsula that a GeneralSecretaryfor the Home Mission be appointed by the Conference. He moved that the recommendation be adopted. The Bev. W. T. Cabtbb seconded the motion. The intention was to appoint a minister, to be paid a fixed salary for visiting the country districts. The Bev. D. O'Donmkix thought such an appointment would be a suicidal set, and he hoped the motion would be negatived. Mr. Jambs Pbabcb, JJ?., said if the appointment of a travelling agent had been a success in Vio toria, it must not be supposed that it would be successful in South Australia. It was no use trying to ran a race with Victoria; what would prove a success there would be a trouble some burden here. He thought until ministers took tbeir fair share of the country as well as city circuits, there would be no benefit gained by appointing a travelling agent. The Presi dent thought the project wm impracti cable. After further discussion, the motion was lost by a large majority. The rules and regulations of the Home Mission and Con tingent Fund Society were considered and adopted with certain amendments. It was re-' solved, after some discussion—"That no claim on the Home Mission Fund from aay Circuit shall be recognised by tbe Home Mission Com mittee or tLe Financial District Meeting unless the Circuit balance-sheet duly filled up and signed by at least one Circuit Steward shall be i sent by the Superintendent of tbe Circuit through the Chairman of the District to the Home Mission Secretary one week prior to the assembling of the Home Mission Committee, provided that whea the application is not for a Circuit deficiency the resolution of the I Quarterly Meeting, signed by the Circuit Stewards or the Superintendent of the Circuit may be forwarded instead of the balance-sheet." The Hon. J. Colton moved—"That the Con ference reconsider its decision in reference to the formation of a new district, to be called North District." The Bev. W. P. Wbixs seconded the motion, which was lost. The Hon. J. Colton presented the balance sheet of the Church Loan Fund, which wm adopted. The thanks of the Conference were g'.ven te the Treasurers, the Ber. W. P. Wells [ and the Hon. J. Colton, for their valuable services during tbe past year, and it was resolved that the Treasurers for the yeir should be tbe Bev. S. Knight and the Hon. J. Colton. The Bev. T. C. Laueakcb moved— i " k That the name of the Loan Fund be altered ito the Church Debt Liquidation and Loan Fund." The Bev. Gbobos Lbs seconded the motion. The Hon. J.Cojlton (Treasurer) thought it would be undesirable to change the name of the fund, as no real advantage would be gained by adopting the alteration proposed by Mr. Laurance. Mr, J. W. Pabsoxs said, although the idea might appear very wild, he thought aome comprehensive scheme of paying off the debts of the circuits would have to be estab lished at no distant time. The motion was negatived by a large majority. The Bev. B. S. Oasbly moved—" That the present laws relating to the raising of two-thirds of the cost of church buildings before a loan can be made be rescinded, and that the amount raised by applicant trusts be no part of the consideration i when requests for a loan be made." He thought that the present laws were a hindrance to the growth of the fund. In many places the Churches found it most difficult to raise the required amount, and in other cases it wm a sheer impossibility to do bo. Glenelg, with all its advantages, and with the aid of an energetic Minister, had found it very hard to obtain the necessary Bum before the bond could be availed of. The present law was imprac ticable, and very often it was not observed; in . fact, it could not be observed. He would like to see the fond so constituted that small struggling Churches might avail themselves of it, and by its assistance be enabled to tide themselves over their first difficulties. Mr. J. Jolly seconded. The Bev. T. C. Laubakcb thought tbe present laws were very prudential, and though in some eases they might pinch a little, still it w«ald be anadvisaUe to rescind them. The mover forgot that such an alteration in the law as he proposed would probably encourage debt. He moved that the law remain mat present. Mr. T. Goons agreed with Mr. Laurance, and from a layman's point of view he thought the present law wm very useful in preventing debt. He did not think the case of Glenelg was a fair case; the township was an aristocratic place, and the Wesleyan residents wanted a very handsome church there. (Laughter.) He seconded the amendment. Mr. A. Catt said, as the law wm often violated, and proved a hindrance to the progress of Church work in many poor districts, is should be amended. It was no use retaining an inoperative law. Mr. Jambs Pbabcb, M.P., thought if the present law wm oppressive it should be relaxed. He referred to the erection of many churches which had in * few years proved quite inade quate to the wants of the districts in which they were situated. He did not approve of sweeping away the law altogether, but he thought it might be so amended as to lessen the difficulties with which some churches had to contend. The law unfortunately was more severely felt by the poor than by the rich churches. He suggested that the churches should be divided into certain classes, some to be required to raise one-half of the entire cost before the loan fund could be availed of, others to raise one-half, aad so on. (Hear, hear.) Mr. J. P. Swann thought it was wise to build small and cheap churches in small places, and when the popu lation required larger buildings, to erect them. The law should, in bis opinion, be upheld and made more stringent rather than relaxed. Their great corse had been their church lia bilities ; and any law that would prevent un necessary debt being iacarred should be sup ported. The Bev. J. Nicholson thought the law a very good one, and had never known it to be violated. He admitted, however, that in seme places the loan might be included in the two- thuds, m wm the practice in Vic toria. Mr. T. Dbew said Glenelg wm an exceptional case, as many visitors to the township had subscribed to the funds of the new church —an advantage that could cot be had by churches in the country districts. He considered that the law should be relaxed in districts like those in the Northern Areas and elsewhere. It would be bettor to require the raising of only one-half of the total amount to be expended. The Bev. W. P. Wells could not support a motion for re scinding the present law, but he agreed with the suggestion to include, in some cases, the loan in the two- thirds necessary to be raised. The Pkksidbkt said he wm once intolerant of the law, but in many cases recently, as for instance Brompton and Glenelg, he had observed its ad mirable working, and he thought it wm worthy of continuance. The Hon. J. Colton, believing the law to be a very wholesome one, regretted that it had been ever infringed. If any one thought a law was defective, he should strive to get it 1 but not break it. He had observed in the cases of Glenelg, Magill, and Brompton, the excellent working of the law; and he hoped that it would be gene rally respected. If in some exceptional cases the law should prove oppressive, the Conference would try to meet the difficulty. (Ap plause.) The Bev. Mr. Casely replied, and expressed his hope that the law would be rescinded, and each case considered on its merits by the Allocation Committee. The motion wm negatived. The Bev. A. Stcbbs then moved—"That the present rule be re scinded, and that in every case of erection or enlargement of church or parsonage, where one half has been raised, the Church shall be entitled to assistance from the Loan Fund." He thought this motion covered pretty much the same ground as the suggestion that the loan should be included in the two-thirds. Ho thought, while the law had some good effects it bad a bad influence, in that it deferred the help afforded by the fund till the most pressing time was past. They wanted the assistance of the loan fund from the first. He knew that in Mount Gambier the Church wished to obtain the aid of the loan fund in s proposed enlargement of the stroc ture; but Hie two- thirds amount was beyond their power. Mr. J. Pbabcb seconded. The Bev. C. T. Nbwkah strongly opposed the motion, Which was" lost. T The PBEgrosarrreada report on tbe state of church property under the Wesleyan Conference of Strath Australia. He said there wm nothing he felt to be a* important (next to the rigid observance of the two-thirds rule) as the neoes sity of connections! treatment of the existing debts. There were tsnuto in tbe colony which were accumulating debts. There were other ■ trusts in which a residue of debt remained, which debt might embarrass desirable and needed un dertakings, but was not so oppresive. If for a year or two these claims were withheld the lioan Fund might be almost entirely devoted to , the relief of those cases which at present consti tuted connexional difficulty; casss which, with out special consideration, would remain an incubus to the Church for many years. A few of these would be mentioned in the report, and he suggested a recommendationof Conference to. the Allocation Committee that without refer ence to any new applications the list should be considered as presented in that report, and a special recommendation made with refer ence to the most argent instances. The number of Churches in the Southern District was 105, in the Northern 65, and in Yorke'e Peninsula, 23; «n«lring a total of 193 against 171 in 1875. One church was now in course of erection in the Southern District, one in.the Northern, and three churches in Yorke's Penin sula; mwdriiig a total of churches in course of erection five. In the Southern District there were 13 parsonages, in tbe Northern 6, and on Yorke's Peninsula 3; total, 22. The cost of churches wm as follows;—Soufhem, 4106,194; Northern, £10,510; Yorke's Pe ninsula, £21,732. Total, £168,436; in 1875, £144,335; increase, £24,101. The cost of par sonages wm as follows:—Southern, £9,435; Northern, £5,100; Peninsula, £1,789; total, £16,324 ; in 1875, £12,778 ; increase, £3,54C The present debt on churches was £38,056, being £20,104 in the Southern District, £8,949 in the Northern, and £9,003 on Yorke's Penin sula. The total in 1875 was £35,741, so that there has been an increase of £2,315. The debt on parsonages was as follows; -Southern Dis trict, £2,715; Northern, £1,400; Yorke's Penin sula, £1,557; total, £5,672; in 1875, £4^77; in crease, .£1.395. The total cost of the property was £184,760; in 1875 £157,613; total debt, £13,728, or 23 per cent.; in 1875, £10,022, or 25| per cent. In 1872, the per centage wm 29. The cost of new erections during the year was -Southern District, £10,281; Northern. £2,214; Yorke's Peninsula, £^945; total, £15,440. Debts on new erections:—Southern, £5,218, 51 per cent.; Northern, £935,42 percent.; Yorke's Peninsula, £1,430, 48 per cent.; total, £7,613, j 49 per cent. Churches alone averaged 45 per cent. Tbe President also gave _a list of churches whose per centage was too high, and of new erections; and full particulars of the total cost of property, with debts and per centage. The , total amount raised for all purposes was £30,484. A vote of thanks wm awarded to the Presi dent for bis interesting report, which was adopted; and the proceedings terminated with the pronouncing of the benediction. On the motion of the Bev. W. H. Bore it wm resolved that the name of Belalie Circuit be altered to Jamestown. The list of stations for the ensuing year was finally confirmed as follows:— X.—SotrrH??N District. Adelaide (Pirie-street) — Samuel Knight (Chairman of the District. President of the Conference), Henry T. Burgess (Gilbert-street), Joseph Nicholson (Glenelg) ; James Bickford, Supernumerary. Adelaide (Archer-street)—Jabez B. Stephen son, Carles Lane (Brompton). Adelaide (Kent Town and, Norwood)—Wil liam P. Wells, Charles T. Newman ; T. Boston and Hans M«A Supernumeraries. Port Adelaide—James P>mil«ti. Gumeracha—William T. Carter. Willunga—George W. Patchell, M.A. Clarendon —James Allen. Mount Barker—Thomas C. Laurence. Strathalbyn—-Benjamin G. Edwards. YanimliHa—James Bead. . Mount Gambier—Albert Stabbs. Narracoorte—One requested. Goolwa—George Lee. Port Lincoln—John H. Trevorrow. Palmerston-^John D. Langsfdrd. IL—Mn>DLR District. Gawler—James Y.Simpson. Templers and Freeling—Samuel F. Prior. Kapunda—Bobert S. Casely (Chairman of the District). Angaston—John Gfllinghaim Kooringa—Bobert W. Campbell. I Clare—David ODbnnelL ' | Auburn- Charles H. Goldsmith. HL—NOETHEEIT DISTBICT. Melrose—Thomas Edmeades (Chairman of the District). Blinman—William H. Pollard. Broughton—Joseph W. Clucas. Port Pirie—Thomas E. Thomas, B.A. Jamestown—Paul C. Thomas. Laura—William A. Langsford. Port Augusta—One requested. Yarcowie - Walter H. Hanton. IV.—Yobke's Pekihbula Distbict. Moonte—Thomas Lloyd (Chairman of the District), William H. Bofe. Kaduaand Wallaroo—Samuel T. Withing ton. Port Wakefield—Archibald J. Bogle. Yorketown—Johnson James. Minlaton—Thomas M.Bowe. ataitland—Bobert Kelly. V.—Western Avstraxia Distbict. Perth—William Lowe (Chairman of the District). York—William Traylen. Geraldton—William S. Worth. Albany—One requested from England. Thursday, February 1. TheAssiSTANT-SBCEETAET(Bev.BLT.BurgesB) read the following reply from His Excellency the Governor to the resolution of the Con ference :—"Sir—l have the honor to acknow ledge the receipt of a copy of the resolution of the South Australian Wesleyan Conference, which was communicated by yourself in person, at the levee on Thursday. I beg you, in reply, to convey to the Conference my th"'Vi for their good wishes for myself and my family, and my strong sense of the honor they do me in thus ex pressing their appreciation of the interest which indeed I have keenly felt in the well being of the community as regards moral and religious progress, no less than in material pros perity. I have the honor to be, Sir, your most obedient servant—A. Musgbavr, Governor. To the Bev. S. Knight, President of the South Australian Wesleyan Conference." (Applause.) The letter was received. The Bev. J. Nicholson moved—*That the ministers of the Adelaide Circuit and Fort Adelaide Circuit, the Bevs. T. C. Laurance, J. Alien, J. Y. Simpson, with the Hon. J. Carr, M.P., Messrs. D. Nock, ILP, J. Pearce, J.P., J. Scott, J. Lloyd, M. H. Madge, G. P. Swann, G. W. Cole, J. D. Bone, T. Rhodes, and E. Hounslow be a Temperance Committee for tiie ensuing year, to meet as occasion may require, the President of the Conference to be the Convener of the Committee; that it shall be the duty of the Committee, by such methods as it may deem desirable, to promote legislation for the more efficient control of the liquor traffic, for reducing the number of public-houses, for closing such houses on the Sabbath, and in general for the suppression of intemperance; that such Committee shall enquire into the feasibility of forming Bands of Hope in connec- , tion with our Sunday-schools; and that a report be presented to the next Conference." He thought they were all agreed as to the evils of intemperance, and would support a move ment connected with the Church itself with -greater willingness than they would while the movement existed only outside the Church. The Bev. H. T. Bcbqebb seconded. The Bev. ' W. P. Wells suggested that the Bev. Mr. Nicholson, instead of the President, should be the Convener of the Committee. Tais sugges tion was adopted ; and the motion in its altered form was carried. The Bev. J. B. Stbphenson moved—"Tha in view of the resolution of the General Con ference of 1875, requesting the British Con ference to appoint a representative to visit the colonies, this Conference cordially supports the application. And while net desiring in any ■way to embarrass the British Conference in its selection, desires respectfully to submit the name of the Rev. Dr. Punshon as one who wonld.be received by our churches with great delight.". He mentioned that several of their representatives in England had been informed 'of the willingness of the Bev. Dr. Punshon to ▼irit the colony. And, while there was no desire to embarrass tie ■British Conference, it had been thought desirable to guide them by men tioning .the name of Dr. Punshon. Mr. J. D. Bone seconded the motion, which was carried unanimously. The Superintendents of the three Adelaide and Port Adelaide Circuits, and the Chairman of Districts, with Messrs. H. Codd, Theo. Hack, J. A. Hartley, 8.A., J. Scott, G. Shorney, and W. F. Wincey were appointed the Church Building Committee. The Conference granted permission for the sale «f the old church at Caltowie, and 15 feet of land at Port Wakefield. The Bev. W. P. Wbxls read a progress report of the Sub- Committee to in/estigate the relation of., the Prince Alfred College Trust to the Connexion, and report to the ensuing conference on the best method of amending the constitution. During the year the Committee had taken steps with the concurrence of the Trustees, Messrs. Cotton, Cotton, Scott, Bhodes, and Carr, to wards securing a deed for the college property connected with a declaration of trust. Mr. Kingston had been appointed solicitor in this matter. His opinion had been sent to the Sub- Committee, and would be considered as .early as possible. The report was adopted. The Bev. W. P. Wells moved—"That, the Conference be requested to amend regulations i by inserting the following—' That no claim on the Church Building ioan Fund shall be recognised either by the Home Mission Fund Committee or the Financial District Meetings, unless (A) the building has been erected and occupied; (B), if a church or schoolroom, two thirds of the entire cost have been raised; and (C) the resolution of the Quarterly Meeting making applications, duly signed by the Circuit Stewards or the Superintendent of the Circuit, is received by the Treasurer of the fund prior; to the assembling of the Home Mission Com mittee." The Bev. H. T. Buboess seconded the motion. He explained that "the present regula tions were often infringed, and, it was very de sirable that the distribution of money from the fund should be made in a definite and sys tematic iuanner. The Bev. K. S. Cashlt said he was sorry that the proposition made on the previous day to reduce tine amount of money required to be raised by the Church from two thirds to one-half had not been carried. The present laws made the difficulties of a new church very great, even as it was; and he strongly opposed Any attempt to h&mpsr; churches any more than they were at present. Mr. J. Pkabce said the practice had always been what the resolutions affirmed. He hoped the Conference would not pass such a hard-and fast motion, as he believed it would prove, if carried, a serious injury to the Church. It' bound the hands of the Committee too much. Mr. J. D. Boke said- the mo tion would remove the unwarrantable discretionary power ~which now led to such scrambling and endless dissatisfaction, and he believed it would help to put their Loan Fund affairs on a true business basis. The Her. J. B. Sthphknboh pointed out ihat this was not a question of enforcing old regulations, but one of adding new regulations. The Committee had already sufficient rules, and he thought it would be a grave mistake to allow them no discre tionary power, and so to tie up their hands that' they would become practically a set of dummies. It should be remembered that special cases re quired special attention and treatment. The Committee should have a little more discre tionary power, even if the Treasurer had a little less. After some further discussion, the Bev. W. P. Wblm replied, and the various clauses of the motion were put separately and lost. The Eev. W. P. Wsixs" then moved— "That the attention of the Home Mission Com mittee and the Financial District Meetings be called to the fact that the Treasurer of the Loan Fund will pay no loan unless, he receive a written certificate from the Superintendent of the Circuit in which the trust applying for the said loan is situated that the regulations of the Loan .Fund have been faithfully observed." Mr. •B.Kklzx seconded. The motion was negatived. The Bev, W.P. Wells (Treasurer of the fund) read the Jubilee fund balance-sheet, which showed that at the beginning of the year there was £834175. lOd. in hand,on which the interest had been £41 9s. 7d. The sum of £784a.2d. had been paid for students, leaving the amount at present in hand £789 3s. 3d. The balance sheet was adopted. It was stated by the Pbb stdekt that the. fund had been originally in r tended for assisting the loan fund, for a mission to New Guinea, and for a theological institu tion. The money was now solely used for the education of theological students. The -affairs of the Book Depot were intro duced, and the report having been adopted, thanks were passed as f olio wb:—To the Bev. W. P. Wells for his services as Book Steward; he was also reappcanted. To the members of the Book Committee. To Messrs, W. Bhodes and T. J. C. Mann, the Auditors. The following gentlemen were appointed members of the Book Committee for t£e 6nwring year:—Bevs. W. P. Wells, T. Barton, H. Mack, C. Lane, S. Knight, H. T. Burgess, J. B. Stephensan,C.T. Newman, and J. Nicholson, with Messrs. J. B. Hack,T. Padman, Hon, J. Cotton, M. Kingsborongh, James Scott, G. W. Cotton, W. Rhodes, J. A. Hartley, BjL, T. S. Carey, and M. H. Madge. The balance-sheet of the Book Depot was pre sented and passed. The members of the Committee for guarding the privileges of the connection were re appointed, viz.—The ministers of the Adelaide Circuits, with the Hon. J. Carr, the Hon. J.. Cotton, and Messrs. J. A. Hartley, E. A, B-Sc, M. Kingsborough, T. Padman, J. Scott, and H-Codd. The subject of Sunday- schools having been introduced according to question 28, the Bev. W. P. Wells moved that the matter of repre sentation in the quarterly meetings be remitted to the Financial District meetings. The Bev. J. B. Stephenson moved an amendment that the resolutions of the recent Sunday-school Convention at Kent Town be received. The amendment was carried. The Bev. W. P. Wells re- introduced his motion, which was affirmed. It was resolved to reccommead the formation of Sunday-school Unions in -all the circuits in the colony. The Hon. J. Cars brought forward his motion, notice of which had been given, as follows:—"That beKeving the bearing of the levy for Children's Fund upon the returns for membership is repressive and discouraging to those who labor for the ingathering of the people to the Church, this Conference submits to the approaching district meetings the con sideration of an alteration of basis, so that in future the levies for at least half the amount re quired for the fund shall be made for an equal ' percentage on the amount of the income of the various circuits, and not on the number of members." The motion was carried. On the motion of the ex-President it was re solved —"That the several questions remitted by the General Conference to the Annual Con ference be considered by -the next Financial District-Meetings, and reported on them to the Conference of 1876." The Bev. W. P. Weixs moved a resolution in favor of sympathy and co-operation with the other Churches in tills colony, and- that the President and Mr. Jas. Scott be appointed a de putation to wait on theannual assemblies of the various bodies during the year. Carried. It was decided to send to England for two additional junior ministers. j The following ministers were cho3en to repre sent the several districts at the nexs a'.location, meeting -. —Middle Distract —Uev. O. H. Gold smith. North District—Bev. P. C. Thomas, Yorke'R Peninsula District—Kev. S. T. Withing ton The Kev. EL T. Burgess will represent the Southern District ex off do, as General Secretary of Borne Missions. It was resolved that the next Conference be commenced at Pirie-street on Tuesday, January 22,1878. An Ordination Service was held in the evening in the Archer-street Wesleyan Church. There was a large attendance, and the service was of an impressive and interesting character. The proceedings commenced with the singing of a hymn, after which the Bev. S. Knight (President of the Conference) offered prayer. Beading from the Scripttzras foHmrsaV and the candidates for ordination were solemnly advised by the President of tile importance of the step they wen trVhis; and the nature of the duties they would be"called upon to perform in their now capacity as ministers of the GospeL Bros. W.T. Carter, B. Kelly, andT. M. Bowe, related their religions, experiences, and informed the congregation of the motives which had led them to enrol then- Selves in the note of the Ministry. They were, then solemnly ordained by the Bev. President, assisted by the Bevs. W. P. Wells (ex-Crest dent), C. H. Goldsmith, and T. Lloyd, with tfa* imposition of hands. The Bev. W. P. Wells gave a charge to the newly ordained ministers, basing his discourse on the words ''Take-heed, therefore, unto yourselves, and to all the floek over the which tbe Holy Ghost hath made you overseers to feed the Church of God, which hehatfa purchased with his own blood." A hymn was then sung, and a comtnuniia ■ service, in which many took part, dosed the piocedings. - ■ . FBtDATjFBBRCfBY 2.? On behalf of tbe young ministers who wsre ordained on the previous evening, the-Her.O. - H. Goldsmith moved—"That a vote of thanks be tendered to tbe ex-President for the very excellent ordination charge deUerored byhinr on that occasion, and that ht be requested to • publish it." . . The Bev. W. T. Cabthk seconded, expresring satisfaction with the iustructim statements of the ex-President, and his timely and seasonable) utterances- in reference to the true position «f • the minister of Christ. The vote was carried unanimously. The ex-President brought forward tbe - report of the Committee appointed to deliberate on tbe subject of lay preaching agents, vis.:—l. This Committee cannot recommend the employment of lay Home Missionaries as a new order of' agents. 2. That Mr. Stephenson communicate with Mr. J. Gillingham with a view to bringing him before the Quarterly and District Meetings as a candidate for tbe Ministry." - " < Theitameof tbe Bev. W. H. Pollard was is- • traduced in connection with'a.case-of diseipHne, •• and hie resignation havi&g; been tendered "was. :> accepted. ' ■ •"• : • ■ ■ ■: The journals were read aad signed, .and tfce> Conference closed in the usual way. 