MELBOURNE. (PROM OUR OWN* CORRESPONDENT.) Thursday Evening. I A groater pieco of humbug was never talked, than that about the Government railway lino, from Oakleigh to Melbourne, spoiling the Botanic Gardens. Not being interested to the remotest degree in any line, I say that a nice light viaduct of iron work through the Botanic Lagoon would improvo the picturesque aspect of the soene. Then the objectors talk about the nasty grimy smoke from tho rushing trains-of which there will be about two a day ! The Hobson's Bay Railway Company pulla the strings. Hence these tears. There will be a stiff opposition to the lino in the Legislative Council, and the result appears doubtful. The peers will really on the Botanical Gardens cry, which is so com pletely aristocratic. It is a mere stalking horso for ulterior purposes. The middle and poorer classes laugh at it. Having listened to the railway debate in the Assembly last night, I cannot resist the conclusion that tho Ballarat members had been informed of the proposed line from Warrenheip to Gordon, before Messrs. Fincham and Bell made their singularly flat addresses, in the forlorn hope to stop the Dunolly and St. Arnaud extension. This was to save appearances. The Major had eased their minds. Obviously this Warren heip and Gordons extension is nothing but a political line. The Assembly will no doubt pitch it out. Tho Government knows well enough whether such is to be tho issue, but the Major will be able to say, " Well, we did our host for. you !" No man is so touchy about losing ..popularity as Major Smith, and his Roman hand is discernablo in the new branch as a sop for Ballarat. Poor Longmos'o almost weeps in tho As sembly, because tho" call' of'public duty oMiges him to run counter to the wishes of his constituents at' Ripon and Hampden, who were for tha Avoca and St. Arnaud extension. Bowman is working now for a line from Maryborough,, but ''.knows well enough that it hivs not the "ghost of a show. ?Ve hear that Avoca is , very bitter against Grant, but so it is when a member becomes a minister. On tho whole this Ministry has had pleasanter times than any former one with a railway scheme. Opposition lmt acted ' very fairly, but of course that is because it is weak. ; The ; privato members' evening, every Wednesday from 4.30 to 6,30, is a nuisance, It ' is sheorly thrown away, over crotchets. For a riuriiber of years the Legislative Assembly granted no evenings for private members. They had to talte their chance for private business after the Government business, and a wholesome slaughter uf the innocents, has been the ontc uno of every session. I wish Mr. Gillies would try to get the sessional order amended, and afford tho readers of tho Riverine Ilcrahl the satis faction of knowing, on Tuesday mornings, that the two first, and best hours of each Wednesday's sitting had been profitably employed by tho Legislative Assembly. 