ELECTION NEWS. MR. JAMES SERVICE AT MALDON. Mr. James Service met the electors of Maldon oil Monday evening. The hon. gentleman was well received. Mr. Service said : In addressing you I pro- pose — First, to give an account of my personal conduct as your representative ; second, to review generally some of the principal events of the last Parliament ; and third, to indicate my views with regard to the future. When I sought your suffrages three years ago I declared myself in favour of constitutional reform, free trade, mining on private property, the Education Act, assisted immigration, and a property-tax ; and opposed to an income-tax, payment of members, aud free-trade in liquor. On all these points, except that of assisted immigration, which was not dealt with, I claim to have carried out my promises. The first question submitted to the new Parliament was constitutional " reform, as embodied in the Norwegian scheme, and I voted with the Government in all stages of the bilL You will remember the whole scheme came to grief, and then followed the illness and re tirement of Mr, Francis. The Kerferd Go vernment was subsequently formed, and I became Treasurer in that Administration. I succeeded in doing away with Customs duties on half -a-millions worth of imports, and in transferring another half-million from cu£ valorem to fixed duties. Those proposals. I am sorry to say, met with little support from free traders as such. Those of them who sat in opposition denounced them in unqualified terms and denounced myself as a renegade from my free-trade principles. The following session I brought in a comprehensive scheme of re missions — -proposing a relief from Customs duties to the extent of nearly a quarter of a million, but this proposal was lost by the treachery of a few professed freetraders. On this question, therefore, of free trade, I claim to have fulfilled my promises, and to deserve your favourable verdict. With respect to mining on private property, I have invariably supported the measure which has so frequently passed the i Assembly, and been rejected by the Council. In regard to a property-tax, yon will remember this formed one of the principal features in my second budget proposals, whilst I strongly op posed, and helped to defeat, Sir James M'Cui- locli's subsequent proposals for the introduction ©f an income-tax. With respect to the liquor trade, I warmly supported the bill introduced by the Government last session by which it was provided that no new licences should issue for three years, and that thereafter the ratepayers in the various districts should by poll determine whether for the future any increase should be allowed. The late Parliament commenced its career during the Government of Mr. Francis, and closed it during that of Sir James M'Culloch, there having been in the interim two other Ministries — that of Mr. Kerferd and that of Mr. Berry. The whole three sessions were devoted to getting the ins put out, and the outs put in, and although the ins were always willing to go on with work, the outs never would let them. Now the unsatisfactory feature in this strife was that it was not a war of principles — it was not even a war of parties— it was a simple striving for personal aggrandisement. The first session passed almost fruitlessly, because it was deliberately arranged that it should be fruitless, and some of the gentlemen now at the head of affairs, and some of the gentlemen who used to sit behind them, deliberately and intentionally banded themselves together to prevent, by every stratagem — chiefly by bogus motions and extemporised discussions — the Ministry of the day from getting on with the public business. "Nagging" was the name then given to the process of impeding the work of Parliament. At a later period the process was known as " stonewalling," but the two pro cesses were identical I am not going to weary you with a detailed narrative of the proceed ings Suffice it to say that the Government hS to sustain the attack of two separate and distinct parties, the one led by Mr. Berry, which rallied round the old flag of protection ; and the other by Sir James M'Culloch, whose banner bore no inscription of any sort, but simply flaunted the death's head and cross bones. lor Mr. Berry, however much and strongly I have differed from bis methods of conducting political warfare, I have al ways entertained the respect due to one who fights under his own distmguishmg pennant, and a defeat from him, after a fair battle — each side for its - own flag, and all that it symbolised-4- would have been, accepted by the Government and the country as in no way dishonourable either to the ? victor or the van quished. But Sir James was a mere pirate. He was a rover on his own personal account. He fought for no creed, no principles, but purely and solely for bis own aggrandisement. He succeeded at last. He upset the Kerferd -Government — he upset the Berry Government, and having at length obtained the object of his ambition, he was willing to ory quits with Par liament and the country, and to settle down quietly and respectably to enjoy his ill-gotten gains. He had no particular views of I his own on the subjects which demanded the attention of Parliament, and so as he could not form an Administration with out the assistance of those whom he had ejected from office, and as he could not get their assistance without carrying out the policy which they had advocated, and"he liad opposed — why, it was all right, he would carry out that policy. That policy as enunciated by Mr, Service was enough to sink any Government) but it was all right when announced by Sir James M'Culloch. The Government of Mr. Kerferd deserved to die, because it had not re" trenched the expenditure— the Government of Sir James M'Culloch was entitied to live al though it increased the expenditure by £90 000 I am not going to justify the stonewalling— I do not think it can be justified— but as I have shown already, Mr, Berry was not the originator of the process of stonewalling. It was Sir James M. Culloch. Stonewalling was nagging " revived. The object in both cases was the same prevent a majority from carrying on the business of the country. Then, in natural sequence, followed the " gagging," with all its scenes of violence, of confusion, and of shame. I have seen it asserted that the gagging rule did not prevent discussion, but those who say so have a short memoiy. On several occasions it was used for that express purpose. I was myself the victim on one rather important occasion. It was on the vote for the breakwater at Warr- nambool. Time would fail me if I were to attempt to sketch even the principal prooeed- ings in Parliament, but the most noteworthy was the defeat of the M'Culloch Govern ment in two succeeding session, on their principal measures — a circumstance which, constitutionally, should have involved their retirement from office. They, however, clung to office tenaciously under the plea that they had the support of a majority of the House. Now, I do not think that our form of government can be carried on advantageously if a majority bands itself together to keep a cer tain set of men in office, whether they succeed in their governmental functions or not. If men are to be considered everything, and measures nothing, then we have no longer constitutional practice accordingto either British or Victorian precedent. The Kerferd Government resigned when they had a majority because they saw it was impossible to carry 1 their proposals. The M'Culloch Government ought to have resigned when they could not carry theirs. I will now turn to the topics which are of more immediate interest — — those questions which are not behind, but before us. I take|first the question of taxation. What we want at the present time is to shift some of the burden from the classes who have not acquired property to those who have. We want to adjust the payment of the taxes some what more fairly, according to the means of the taxpayers.fl I proposed to do this by a tax on land and houses, by a stamp-tax, by a tax ©n bank-notes, and some other minor things, and by at the same time remitting customs duties to the extent of £230,000. I think these proposals would have fairly met the case for a time, at least, and I do not know anything fairer that can yet be proposed. If ycu attack one class only, the sense of in justice is immediately and properly aroused — not only amongst that class itself, but among all right-thinking people who believe that to ' do justly" is one of the first of dnties. I am distinctly in favour of a laud tax as eontradis- guished from a property-tax, and herein lies the difference between the former proposals of Sir James M'Culloch on the one hand, and those ef Mr. Berry and myself on the other. But I shall be no party to a penal tax on owners of land. What right has the State to the un earned increment of land which was sold with out reserving this right ? The men who bought did not understand that this right was reserved by the State, the State which sold had not the remotest idea that they were so reserving it, and yet there are grown men in this community who de clare" that one party to a bargain may alter in his Own favour conditions which both parties, had agreed on years before. The original buyers of large quantities of land have sold the land, and pocketed this unearned increment, and gone away, many of them to other countries. Is the State to follow them, or is it to levy on the unfortunate present holders? Whilst, however, I will be no party to a penal or bursting-up tax on land, I believe that land ought to be taxed, and taxed more heavily than other de scriptions of property, as I stated in my budget proposals of 1S75, not because the State has one particle of more right to your land than it has to my ship, but because the nature of property in land is different from that of other kinds of property. With respect to the accumulation of large estates, I confess I have viewed it with much misgiving, especially on see ing extensive tracts of country formerly occupied by agricultural settlers now de voted anew to grazing, and I think the new Parliament, if it can spare any time from per sonal quarrels, would do . well to consider how this, evil can in future be prevented. And whilst I am speaking about the Grown lands, I may say, as regards settlement, that I think the question now is not so much how to give easy access to the land as it is how to prevent easy egress from it. We want our people to settle down permanently, and not to be moving from place to place. I consider the residence clause the backbone of settlement, and I would extend the term of probation so that dummy arrange ments would be less easily effected, and , so 'that improvements would accumulate ; before the time came fer issuing the lease to an amount that it would not be profitable for the squatter to pay. The freeftrade and pro tection question is one that I am heartily si ok of — chiefly owing to the intemperate manner in which it is discussed. I have in no way changed my own opinions on the subject, and, as I showed at the outset, when I had to choose between resigning office and actively promoting protection views, I cheerfully accepted the former alternative. But I have not a particle of sympathy with those ostentatious freetraders who make broad their phylacteries and thank God that they are not as other men are — especially those protectionists. I do not believe that it is, inconsistent in any respect whatever in a freetrader to administer a protectionist tariff, and I think I may say this without creat ing any suspicion that I do so from personal motives. I have been surprised to see one learned candidate declaring that there should be p.o coalition Governments as between freetraders and protectionists, and that such action as a freetrader administering a protective tariff had \ a tendency to lower public men. What does such teaching amount to? Either that free trade is something more sacred than other poli tical principles, which I deny, or it amounts to the annihilation altogether of our form of go vernment. Suppose a protectionist Government' in office, and suppose.it is ousted in process of time by the free-trade party, laid on, say, by the learned professor himself. A new Govern ment would have to be formed, but by whom? I he learned gentleman himself could take no part in the new free-trade Goveftunent, because he took office he would have to administer an Education Act in which he does not believe, and so would lower himself as a public man. And if all the freetraders held the same opinion ®n education as he does, a free-trade Govern ment and a system of free, secular, and compul sory education could never exist together in thin colony. The same argument applies to immigra tion, mining on private property, and a dozen other questions more or less important. No Ministry of nine, nor of two, could ever be formed according to this theory of the learned professor, the logical outcome of which is a simple dictator ship, with power to each new dictator, as noon as he takes office, to repeal every existing law which does not accord with his personal views. The practical questions between freetraders protectionists now are — first, the further exten sion of protection ; and, second, the perpetua tion of the system. The first is not a very important point, inasmuch as there is very little room for extension. The tangled mass of fiscal abominations which constitutes our present tariff covers almost every article of import ex cept those that have been purposely exempted by protectionists themselves. The second ques tion is the all-important one — Is protection to be a temporary expedient or a perpetual policy? I can conceive and respect, without concurring in, certain arguments in behalf of a temporary protection, so as to afford a helping hand to in dustries acclimatisable in this country. But I feel it difficult to understand on what grounds certain classes of the community, who live by their daily round of toil, can be expected to submit to be treated as perpetual bondsmen by certain other classes of their fellow- workmen, and be doomed for all time to come to a weekly contribution, through the Customs, from their own earnings, in order to add to the earnings of others. I know it is argued that when protection has established an industry competition will step in and cheapen the product, and so the protective duty will cease to operate, and the consumers cease to be hurt. Now, if the protective duty ceases to operate, there is no longer any reason for itsexistence, and its repeal is the only possible method we can take to assure ourselves that consumers are not being hurt. Thus there ought' to be a limit in time to the existance of pro tective duties. We are therefore forced to the conclusion that protection can be, and ought to be, at most only a temporary expedient. If this were fully recognised and acknowledged by protectionist leaders there might easily be arrived at some amicable arrangement by which the ghosts of free trade and protection might be finally laid. But if it is determined that pro tection is to be a permanent policy, then the battle must go on. The question of education is one that ought not to be passed over in silence on the ground that it is settled, A very strong effort, although, I believe, a futile one, will be made by cur Catholic friends — or, at all events, by the clerical portion of them — to secure a separate grant for their own schools. Now I cannot be a consenting party to that. The pro posal of our Catholic friends Is entirely un reasonable, both from their own standpoint and from ours. Why is it unreasonable from their own standpoint ? Because they ask from Pro testants what they have at all times and in all countries refused to grant to Protestants. There is no country in the world subject to the unre stricted authority of the Catholic clergy in which freedom to teach the Protestant faith in schools, or to exercise it in churches, is permitted Here, as in all parts of the British dominions, the Catholic clergy possess the liberty to do what they like in their churches and schools — a liberty which we Protestants would be ashamed to deny them ; but not contented with being full sharesr in a liberty which Protestants have created, they want ns to contribute a special endow ment to their separate sehools, conducted under the sanction and directions of their clergy, and surrounded with all the emblems of their faith. And now why is the proposal unreasonable from our standpoint ? Because it is at variance with a fundamental principle in our constitutional system, viz., that the majority shall rule. The majority has decided on having one grand national system of secular educaaion. If, how ever, we concede a separate grant to the Catholics, how could we refuse it to the Jews, or to other sects, who doubtless would claim the same concession ? The result would be that the national and secular system which the people of this country have willed into existence would fall to pieces, and so the policy of the country on this all-important question would be dictated by, and be in accord with the opinions of the minority, and not of the majority of the people. I have always been opposed to payment of members, and I am more so now than ever. I trust that next ses sion will see the end of this experiment. In regard to assisted immigration, I have not changed the views I expressed to you at con siderable length three years ago. I have never been a very warm advocate of State- assisted immigration, but my feelings have been quickened somewhat by witnessing the strides of the other colonies in respect to population. Victoria has enjoyed many advantages over the other colonies because she exceeded them in numbers, and I think it would be a disadvan tage to all classes if we fonnd ourselves deprived of that element of superiority. I would, there fore, as I told you before, support a judicious scheme of assisted immigration, by which we might secure an inflow of suitable persons to aid us in the work of building up our nation. The reform of the Legislative Council, about which so much has been said, is still a thing of the future. The Council has been considerably improved of late years by the introduc tion of gentlemen belonging to a newer and more advanced school of thought and action, but the tenure of office, the size of the provinces, and the final power of veto, place It too far apart from the sympathies of the masses. The course adopted by the Council also with respect to the Mining on Private Property Bill, which has been so often passed by the Assembly and always rejected by the Council, leads me to fear that a more radical reform is necessary — one which would render it impossible for six teen gentlemen to control the destinies of the colony. I have not yet been able to discover any better solution of the problem than that contained in the amendment I proposed to the Norwegian BilL During the passing of the new Parliament it was made clear to me that this Sunday trading was not for the benefit of the public, but for the benefit of the pubii- can|- my suspicions on this point were confirmed py the veiy action the publicans took to disgust the community with the new law. iney thought by strictly obeying the law, and refusing to supply on Sunday, they would create such an agitation as would bring about a repeal of the law itself. But no one danced when they piped, and the only result of the Sunday closing was a clean sheet in our police courts on Monday morning. I think a result of this sort worth securing, and I intend in future toyote against the Sunday traffic altogether. I shall now call your attention for a few minutes to the speech of Sir James M'Culloch at Warr- nambooL Here we have a revision of the tariff, a land tax, a reform of the Council, rail way extension, mining on private property amendment of the land laws, Civil Service re form — these are the chief ingredients in the dainty dish which Sir James sets before the people. But I think we have heard of these subjects before. I think every one of them is to be found in the Governor's speech at the opening of the session of 1S75, i.e., two years ago. Why are they not disposed of ? Ask Sir James M'Culloch. But for him we should have had a land tax two years ago, and should already have pocketed £300,000 from that source. But for him the tariff would have been revised two years ago, trade would have been relieved, and the country would have paid through the Customs £460,000 less than they hive done. But for him we should have had in operation for the past tvp years the identical amendment he now proposes in the Land Act to extend the term of probation to ten years. But for him railway extension would have been two years further advanced than it is. But for him the Civil Service reform he now talks about would have been ere this an accomplished fact. Gentlemen, I merely state that which you all do know, and that which happily all the colony knows. The very measures Sir James now places before the country are the identical measures which he and his friends " nagged" to death in 1875. I have no inten tion to follow Sir James through his so-called policy, I have no interest in his programme whatever, I care nothing about the utterance of a man unless I know he means it, and we know that Sir James never means it. The pro gramme he has suhmitted to the country with so much unction may all be withdrawn if the new Parliament does not approve of it. What ever variety of opinion may exist among the various sections in the community, I trust to see unanimity on this one pcint, that men who unblushingly advocate to-day the identical prin ciples which they denounced yesterday will not be permitted to have anything to do with the government of the country. At the conclusion of the address a vote of confidence in the hon. gentleman was carried with applause. 