! ORIGINAL OOEBESPONDENCEs..] . [The Editor.,ivill tioi, be rfavonnbte /or. any'i ' opiixion^or vicujj exprAmfl djjUt, a*ui will alvoayarfydtl jmonat feomfl vmwicdtiQM unleu vn tthjecU itf impartafitt, and gii&ranttfd; lythttyM&ura; J ' if the fttftfor.*] 1 "V'^ THINGS IN GENERAL. TO THE EDITOR OF THE WARWICK ABOU0. bn,-The two books, in ail this wide world j of oars, that please one most, ore the Bible and Shakespeare. I tell you this in confi dence, and leare you to use it as thou wilt. Of all the Bible writers Solomon is my favorite; he was a wise man, always suggestive, whe ther in his songs or proverbs. Shakespeare drew a picture of injpatitude, in King Lear, that nobody since hie day could best; at least each was my opinion till a few dayB back. We have now, Sir, arriven at the time when ingratitude la looked upon as a virtue. Just j fancy-that iB, if you are equal to the strctch i of imagination necessary-the venerated name of Warwick Benefactor being coupled | with fraud. I assure you I felt a shortness of j breath coming over.me when.I read tbatu judgment of Lille/s. Fraudulent transfers, [ eh r and in connexion with the Warwick Be- j nefactor. Why, Sir, it's overpowering, so itis. Fraudulent transfers P Bosh and nonsense! ! F. J. C. W. would not stoop to anything like : fraud unless he could'nt manage it otherwise; ! then, Sir, there would be an excuse you . know. The Benefactor admits that he has j been a big sinner, inasmuch as he dummied about twenty thousand acreB of the ; public estate, but-" thank your stare that i matters are no worse"-he is now- a "repen tant sinner," very much eo, and prepared to 1 make a dean breast of it whenever you like. , I think there must have been some forgery | about that letter of his in The Courier. " Kis-1 met"-a personal friend of mine, on whose i veracity 1 am prepared to bet my boots-as sures me it was written by the lawyer "with , the flowing beard, but " Kismet" is only { mortal, ana is, therefore, not infallible. Some*, body did it, however,-or it would not have ap peared ; some enemy of the Benefactor, you I may bet. fie would never consent to pub. , lish to the world that a stepson of his is an imbecile; no, he'd suffer to be skinned first. ! and this ib why my friend think's that the | lawyer with the flowing beard was the author i of that letter. Of cdurse it would never do j to Bay that a Judge pf the (Supreme Court i could by any possibility be wrong-I don't1 Bay BO mind, but Aevomelen to my mind Judge Lilley, unless ho was positively cer-, tain, didn't ought to couple the word " FR&UD;"-^4t iB suoh bj nasty, meaning word -with the name of the Warwick Benefactor. Hig Hopor ought to be ashamed of hiapelf, I think; that is, supposing lie wasn't certain of the fraud, you know. Everything depends on the certainty! you know. That was a nice shower-Anffliet, pluvial visitation-we got last FHday morning. The Honorable George, Fin told, wired to the Khe dive : " Is it raining in Egypt?" and was told , , in reply, " not a darned drop, George j look's i ! black in the direction of the Pyramids, i though." ( | Indignation,- two prbmincnt.businese men, i I and crushing fates of carriage; eel?, gudgeon, | and dace;'united actum and' Concessions, I Mr. T. A. Johnson and Mr. F. Kates, the I Mayor and the member, and the shades of j evening! i Well* Sir, F.m still indignant, I am. bnly four hours and a-nalf between the depar > ture of trains from Warwick; only just think of | that now. It's more than enough to make ono j swear. Four hours .ana a-half ehf Why ! didn't tiipy make it five hours, or four ana | three-quarters at the least, that itself would ; have been bad enough. But four and a-half, with crushing rates Of oarriagc, is positively . unendurable. I cah't stAnd 'much more of this sort 6f thing1. Only .four hours afid a- j half between trains, and crushing rates of carriage, would break down the strongest! .constitution. I must get one or two promi- j nent business men to wait on the Mayor olid urge him to convene a big indignation meet ing of the townspeople. Without united ac tion and indignation meetings we have not the ghost of a chance of even the'smallest concession. Boll up, then, insist on five hours delay, and that dwp&y; oases and Ade laide flour be carried for nothing. Indigna tion is a strong incentive to united action. Our prominent business men are beginning to find out that indignation is a lever that if properly handled-can. move Governments, I detain railway trains, and do, many other wonderful things. Indignation, properly j cultivated, is equal to any one of the four | cardinal virtues. The report brought up by the committee, to whom the Legislative Assembly gave au thority to find out how the Southern and Western Bail way is worked and managed, is really eomethinjg " more betterish than goot I expected great things from it and have not been dissappointed. It leaves things exactly as they were, but is for all that, a very one- j sided affair, 1 can tell you, After having ; read the evidence and appendices-figures | and all-I am unanimously of opinion .that; Statham (or, as his subordinates, with bated I breath, usually speak of hin}," the Traffic,") is master of the situation in the Kail way De-! Eartment, and that Herbert will have to mind is P's and Q's in future if he does not want to be sat upon byOroom. I am told that Mr. Joseph Barnes, of Farm Creek, has entered an action in the Supreme Court against Mr. J. D. Macansh, of Canning Downs, for false imprisonment, &c.;» in con nexion .rith the saw mill case lately tried in the loctil XJolice court, The damagesare said' to be laid'.tt £2000, or thereabouts. I was thinking about making Barnes an offer for a share in the action, butam advised by ayoung member of the "long robe" who has lately <« pitched his roving tent" amongst us that the spec, is not a good one. I heard the YoJunteer brass band (that is, the performers, with their brass instruments) make their debut on Saturday afternoon last. To say that I was delighted would give you a poor idea of my feelings; I was enraptured j felt just as I used to 5n the old days when the band of " ours," in all the pomp and pan-, oply of glorious w (T mean peace) made j martial hearts beat to the tune and time of the "British Grenadiors/' or some other equally proud and inspiring military air. Again I was commanding* a battalion of stout British redcoats, who, as I rode along the line, presented arms with a precision *tbat could not fail to charm the heart of the strictest disciplinarian that ever gave a word of oommand; the ringing cheers which fol lowed re-echoed in mine ears, Ac*, &c-; To be sure the band of No. 5 could not be compared with the band of "ours," but, all things con sidered, I readily concede that tTio officers and men of the company might well be proud of it. . . The Native Birds Protection Act came into full force and operation on Monday last. Be ing a bit of a sportsman, allow me to con I gratulate fill the members of the feathered tribe on the six months of freedom they have i just entered upon. Woe betide the cockney 1 gunner or juvenile shanghaivt or *catapultist I may eaten breaking this new law; forfei ture of gun (or catapult) and coin will most assuredly follow. The Act has just come in to force in the niok of time; the cold feather having departed, amateur "siioottsts" are in the habit, about this period of the year, of going in for a day's "fun" (or as they Sroitdly term it, "sport") in the neighbor ood of lagoonB and swamps, such "sport" \ consisting of discharging the contents of over charged blunderbusses amongst flocks of poor little downy ducklings and goslings. 1 intend to constitute myself a Vigilance Com mittee under this Act, occupying spare time in a ride about the surrounding swamps, and, as I said before, woo betide the Game Law breakers I may drop upon. A terrible retri bution will most cortainiv bo their portion, my mime is not C. B.D. 