gOLDE ROE'S WIDOW. Chapter il i 'If she dares to bring him tothe Pump-room I I'll box her earn, and his too !". declared the Dowager Lady Fazakerly— a leader of society , and fashion in Bath ; and her ladyship's indigna- tion found many echoes — as, indeed, did her | ladyship s every sentiment upon every subject. r A footman I Why not a hackney coachman, -or |an Irish chair-porter ?" demanded th Honour able Mrs. Brabazon, rustling her stiff skirts, and I her face aflame with wrath and rouge, j - What are her Mends about ? Why didn't L thty put poison into her tea ?" cried the Baroness j Y jpderdecken, a fierce old Dutch gentlewoman, 1 I who had won much admiration and a peerage j ,from his late majesty King George.1 The I Baroness, by-ths-bye, did not drink tea herself l jjhe preferred Strong -waters. She was urgent I toft the story of MrS. Bolderoe'b love for Jamfes | Mills should be concluded like a tragedy — by I means of a dagger or a bowl, j t Indeedj the aqger and the amazement of Bath I were quite unbounded.- The master of the cere- I monies had been discovered in quite a fainting. I .condition. He viewed the thing as a national Ldisgrace. It was altogether beyond his expe- I rienoe. He had known a gentleman — he would J call him a gentleman— who had tried to enter ktoe Assembly Rooms in his riding-boots, and a 1 lAqy wfi attempted to dance a minuet, Ji gearing toe while a white linen apron. Bat this hotoe of Mrs. Bolderoe an ft ? nes Mills was far worse than even those v-.: nts. To what J were we coming ? Wer ft- portents of ti. e approaching bak-up M -isty, the aaaihiia- Men of the etiquette end preMriptiou whleh made Jhuman . life fieeorops and endurable ? 1 And was toere not; danger , lest this unhappy | attachment— for so it jnusti be called— should J assume jm epideuiio forai, and other ladies be# I cpme affected ; »ud aflfipted by love for their I ftotmen, prqtoerf;torir infwom? » 4 / j jtiknpt jpe 8Ued that iMrs. Boldiuoejea. j chppd eprialation snd warning. She reorived I dwy quite a pile of jetters> anooym<ms and j .rigned the sitojeqt of her engagemenL Her l qoor wSB besieged with chariots and chairs;; herl meRds and acquaintances, tried hard to f oroe j | «i9irf .WUy to her presence, with the aveared in- tontlon of breaking off her intended marriage/as \ toigh thatould be accomplished fay the exer«-| ctoe of mere bodily strengths But Mra. BolderOe declined to see anyone. Her door was locked and barred against aU intrndere. Shepro- i If fessed tp be living in strictaecluaion. Society shtok its hew 5 fii anspected the worst of Mia. i I Bolderoe, anfi wre with rage that, beyond i the fact of her extraordinary engagement, it, I cbuld discover nothing . to her prejudice. It was nnderstood, moreoyer, that the subject had been menticwaed in. the pulpit of the Abbey, I church. The jeeteEs said that -many of the younger clergy were jealous of the good fortune I of Junes Mills. I Mrs. Bolderoe bad of late been absent from her pew i she was unaware of the clerical anxiety expressed/on her account. 4 | Nor hafi Mrs. Bolderoe'S relations in Devon- shire been apathetic or silent in the matter. All I that was possible in the way of threatening and I reviling they certajuly accomplished. They bade I her never dream ,of showing them her face again, I if she married her footman. Mrs. Bolderee seemed content to dispense with dreams of that I character. She had ,no wish to exhibit her face I to people who did not care to view it, although she held it to be a pretty face enough, as faces | I went. | , On the whole, therefore, it seemed likely that Mis. Bolderoe would have. -her own way; and | she enjoyed the prospect. It was not only that I she loved, or thought she loved, James Mills, but she had never been so obstinate before, and j she liked the sensation of being obstinate, and of | compelling others to yield their opinions to hers. It was a new thing to her. She had been very yielding and obediential her life. It was her tprn now to rule and command, and to make cithers yield and obey. , Right or wrong, she had entered upon a certain path, and she would xiot be turned back from it ; she would go on, whati j ever might be said. She had that sort of' irrational persistence whieh is oftentimes feond ifi weak natures. She wps a little frightened at her own display of courage, but she felt that she I possessed power, and she determined to wield | | it. And she found a sort of pleasure in the ex- I I citement and. dismay and .opposition she had | provoked. She who had been.so overlooked and j | underrated, so oppressed by her late husband | and so scorned and pitied by the world on that I account ! i Still, there were difficulties in tiie way, as she I could not f ail to perceive. She might defy. the | world on the outride of her gate, bnt how about | the world within X | j It seemed to be agreed on . all hands that the | life-size portrait of the late admiral had not I fallen from its nail for nothing ; that the acci- I dent owned a special significance for those who I Would take the trouble to look for it. ! ! Indeed, tiie fall of the -picture touched, as it I Were, a note of superstition, which once sounded | j could not again be silenced, and proved to be the I commencement of a very pretty tune. A curious I tremulousness passed through the house, like , a | contagious ague: : one inmate took it after the j other. There then began a strange looking for | signs and omens and those marvels, being I sought, for with much nervous anxiety, were of I course, speedily discovered. Mysterious mean- 1 iugs were now found to lurk in the creaking of j doors, in the mewing of tiie cat, or the howling I of the dog. There prevailed an extraordinary I predisposition to be frightened upon the smallest 1 possible provocation. There seemed, indeed, a | desire among those of Mrs. Bolderoe's household I to vie with eaoh other in the exhibition of | terror ; to find fresh reasons for panic on all sides of them, upon every occasion, and to con- | duct themselves generally after a wildly imbecile | I fashion. | i No doubt Mrs. Bolderoe, herself, had been | I much frightened by the fall of the picture. It I was an alarming accident, and might have been | attended with serious results. The widow -had | I been standing close beside" the portrait when th e I I cord snapped, and the important work, with its I htovy carved frame, came lumbering and | j clattering fiown, within a few inches of her head, I IlFa Jaw aLa Ia J foinfaH (in not vnnAVnmr I AW TTVUUvi DU\7 BCIU «UUWU| VU UVi i WW V VI J | I hbwever, she declared that it was nothing,' nothing whatever ; certainly it was not the fall of the picture ; it was rather the heat of the | weather. Betides, she had felt indisposed and I nervous all the morning. 1 However, she decided that the picture should no more hang in her bed-room. It was moved to the drawingroom, with unlucky conse- quences. A nervous house-maid declared that | the . one eye of the portraiij had preedeji to wpk at her m ike most wiqked manner jffier hysterical screams thereupon greatly /terrified | the whole establishment. It now seemed, for I deed, as though trains of gunpowder were laid through the Rouse, and any accidental spark | might produce an explosion. Mrs. Bolderoe's | servants were becoming so sensitive and suscep- tible, that they were prepared to shriek at the mere HolcUng np of a finger. | .They talked of the honse befog haunted. They I ptofeceed tp hear the sound of a chain, befog I I dragged across the bare boards of oneof thej upper rooms, the whispering of strwjge voices l on the staircase as they went tp bed, toe scratchf, I fog as. of hnman fingers on the. farther tide pt I the oaken wainsoots. It was all very absurd, as Mrs. Bolderpe again and again assured j | tbem., A house in Milsham street, haunted 1 | The thing was impossible. Why, Mil-1 | sham-street ,,pras, a busy thoroughfare, in | the very centre of Bath. There were. | sfiops and private residences, a crowded pomda- i . tien pad incessant traffic. Everybody to Bath i I passed up and down Milsham street several times j a j day, on his or her way to the Pump-rOom. Was it likely a ghost would appear in such J plaoe? Ghosts always delighted to desolate | places, to ruined castles, or hlastod liwtos, in | murky stillness, broken only by tiq>puag of | ivy against shattered casements, tfie cro toingofi toads, or the shrieks of mandrakes And if a i ghost, whose ghost, pray ?" , "Don't ask me, ma'am, don't, for Heaven's . sake !" eried Mrs, Bolderoe's cook, trembling j violently. " And please, ma'am, don't look at I me like that, for your eye seems to go through | me like askewer. ly heed throbs \\-!u iu < 4 - 1 as though. the kitcheu-oloek had go insiuc , I and I'm feelfog th at taint as. yop might knopk j I n down with n oanet. It wnsnme, maam» indeedit stasn'L, as«tidhty.»dwfoi«rtM»ilWhl%i it's the late adndrelas Fm mosuinfen i iwtodaniic inhisigrave. N(<ha'ren> wbhtear 4-mayhtito though dt sresB't me reti 'oxptesed Myssljpb nor WohEdn't for> whrldtii a iiNo- Ihsw my place wd ay dootyihetterl thah toorey enelfoi ; things' yrhsldvsr-I ui toiak cytihs i Ferf oourse, matoti, wedrnwe oth llimiyito' | even>Mien we holds ow speech" tiiiv : VDoht b4 ridioulousI cMk?' ' nib | No, ma'am Gertafoly -nofc - vitnd dX f could auit- yoareelf fay, this day »iiioa%ilMiWiP it would he perhapsdtet for alLpartiufcVt Micti - | plhee in whitii ghoeta isr pegmitioXto walk dnto' I my ldtchen, Aswiiariaiif nftsf thtan, air Ml l- hours ofl theyT it&i;'t attobFu'i L disposed, to stay ire And, indeed,1 'ifrttoir ns|h; hair greyf it do, evemtotifink of smhgoinjgaoii < > | to a private house, and wQfaristiart tanrir- v'AmK ' I I can't but say so, -evenif Fin todih-te | j Mrs. BoMeroe accepted tim cook'sh«iw;va«i I et her down as a very tilly Md womaii. I Mrs.' Bolderoe had felt <lit tie idarin. Bifo hmft | herself - Above such vtifoar creddfity sis hiddte turbed her kitehen. - : till, - she could hpt 4mh yield to certain qoalms of uneasinses ahd'dre I Nidation occasionally. She was hrUStotiWtt i J atmosphere heavily > charged with frights MiA ItmorSpniBlmwashearingsomuVjfgbestiy r yisitatibns and BapernatolM fotezpdtitionstn qv |j "As for the admiral's turning to his | that's nonsense, of course, "she said1; afifiutiitax | she laughed fo>s n«rvotur, flattrifojgWfft | "And if he does tum m his graVo, Why'BO | must turn back again, that's all. Ah lbWuntAt ' I that t" . a j. >>1)1 !.r hi v«iiivii!ii j It was very strange. As she spoke W'OfepM thunder shoek the house from basefoenti tobL The weataer hadbeen very sultoyanaldll the morning a storm1 'had - beeu tiirehteiiBSfiqlie j burst forth. Still, it was not ageeehblsiSffiMk of a thunderstorm followintr so food eratiAfafch- ridrhm- fiippant speeto,- t- - ; Prreently she -confessed that she felt " VSty0 I hervous and shaken; out of sorts aitogetotih R Was not owing to the nonsmse her servaBta 'aad people had been talking, .it had nothing what ever to do with that, Butshe wasn't Welk"Sire sent for her doctor.- ' v" ' — nyi!-r,v.; 1 tie looked Wifle, <ff course, and pteSeribfed-< after the maimer of Balk pltytidfoiisbf that period — the BatH Waters. He recefi'lus guinea and withdrew. </- jx I j Mrs. Bolderee knewiall about the Bathtetilri;u- r She had already tried toem,:uild shqSKm- beredhow the iste adfoiral had atteitffatodHtk drink them, and tiie vicdent language he fiadffi ployed- upon the occatien. - f « 1 1 sccf b.c# | j And now she found herself starting Mtooht1 reason ; looking over her 1 tiioffidefefol&eftly; with an odd ! eelfog that some Oifo or renetofog | Was following her very olostiy, fodeedar Enough to breathe upon her neck j or tovriiiiNBr in her ear. Any abrnptness frightened herteff1 I set her shivering. At tiie unetrnected OTmor of a door, she was ready to scream or to ftftofcT She was ; troubled with a vague apptofoaen leBt Admiral Bolderee should slowly gRRsdir stagger, into the room. ev .. j She tried not to think of him ; bat ebrtato subjects insist Apon befog thought ab€rat ; and this was one of -them. - It was in vahurelre- sought to consider only her second husband, or, rather, th6 manwho was to fill llnl iiffiin Her first husband would not heignoreffi ,-j- | She had dismissed ids portrait from her ;-hied- ijoom, and new tiie sent his wooden leg after the picture. She -no longer cared to wist < jhato " jury-mast" with her own hands:; the .hones maid now performed that office hr it AoH often it was left undusted, for the honseaaaid shrunk from it, vowing that it" gave her that . vague malady known as "a tun," every! fabuKo she went near it. So it rtotod in itsMd iaopMq £ a neglected piece of furniture ; the xlusi idcmevr ming itB vaniish, and a kind of flnffineps dih figuring its straps and baokles. he .c /rooik Why did she start now, when sha pMsed> toe clock on the stairs, en her way to hsfobiprlv What suggested to her tiie possibility pfra 1 being seoretad in its taLL, upright cbqiigjje."? How did she come to think of its resemhtingA! coffin: standing on end ! What induosd i foncy its white, square face endowed witbJmmu , | features— clostiy resembling, so she iqaqa3LMtf f herself— toe features of the late, Afimynal | Bolderoe ! ,, .fe- u ; There came a strange gasping, chokfofewhiT- ring sound from within it. It was bcnnbwjto . strike after its most asthmatic manner he adatoLaway from it, and locked hen fo iio- . bed-room. It reminded her, somehow, o£ tfoj ) accents of the admiraL . t T' i HTHiam oVia woo /wsnvinnnJ fkn4 knvi AsnJiev,««ki 1 AIIPW OUV TVSK9 VWUTAUWW SllBl UW VHUIUV f a burning in a most unusual way ; that the flafoe was becoming, more and more, of a blh&h; " dolour. That sometiiliig Strang had -habprifod -pwas happemng to the curtunS of h®?k V : they seemed inclined to draw toemselvta tip, smd wave in the Hair ; to bow to her, am gri". ihace at her, and whisper to each other her. And she entertained a strong opjxdfoj ety "strange goblfo tbgethqr m the corners of tne ®ffi,vrebared tb dari; forth and leap upbh her ' 'atLb lRbst ; opportunity. ; She hurried to hide her face in the bed-slothes, j Had she fafoted ? , Did she sleep ? When ccmsciousmte retumed to her, she j feundihe room qmte diurk. She. felt scared, , ahd ifl-at-ease, and very wakefoL 1 tain that she would not dose her eyes fgtin uii- ' to tfifi retopn of day-light, : . i What was .that noise ? Thfova No; a_ rioiay, bumpiBg sound. Like toe gti tofog_ o|_ hiowswithda-fotilti — »Rh a reg paotol tWeen each blow. And the sound was ad vanowg Ltcp toe stsfoB. There were, tweir sfoita taonq,0 tjie.grouud to the firat-floor, and too aRaii tWenty to theseoond-fiopr. FOTty maUet, and tiien.Mre. Bolderoe s bedfl do and omfota for she oofJJ .hut oounL,, Twenty- WP» twanty-twp, twenty-%ee. \ ijrii, had passed toe tewfogm 4 t£ht;bntshecould see him all thesame ; >5 etif on hui way ; and that semioiroulw wbM M his wooden lg, as he raieed from the tod outflung it. that it mfrht alht on SjUy Sttot Wh»t a 1. wss 1 v ' ' > ; " : - 1 " : « l This i \mu\b 1 wifllitj rap against her drnnfe: dafe M« iddmoc titan k«t oooscionsnesa. &d; she bam drowning? fiaaady. Qa the fiJlemiiii wiiiji 11m mlningl'ii inwiifrn In inn forindiirtdHrt sgsi list liirrh»n , ptetofhte widow's i lafhlwi f -Had-mtyone touched or tempered ' with it? Hid aqna pMonid tormteatk from the dining-room' to tbftefawnd . floor ? (Nl> <m( TaekvantojweresiAjferttotoeditiBSt iifieieeliiii TTnl mi1iinj_ hf imfinrtinnri ebrifaid from them. / It seeiftoii clear that they weuitonftrwty ooaoemed in 5 themOTeraents of thfcleg. Bot howcoold tl«im6rdiEBuy fact boi fexplained ? It really oould not , be «x- piledi Peo wert lffompt te say that a woedemfog oould sot ascend, the stairs, unless it were stripped te a stomp to toe usual way, or earned fotttodiaad lite walking stick. The litem i iUmiij hnilrriTiii n In nut nf nmrh ssnirtn onderfoe circumstances of ttecue. lis. Bblderoehad berpwuexptenatfonof the mystery. The admiral hadtarned in hia gave I Hk Wooden leg m walldng in a ghost-like way. He, erri bed returned to/carth to forbid and peasant. her marriage with bcrfootmaii. Shi WM> itery ill w£th bright and fatigue. Bat she ifessy obstinate ; she would not give up JaamiMSQi ; ontoatjhead she wa quite de- tin inland Afr thewoedenieg walked again; and agMBnn the following night. Onadi occasion ltotoeed its journey, with a violent blow upon her rtuB&bpr.door.; \- There seined danger of its driving in the py1" And in the morning the 1AM «MM IIIM HIM I>hi il anfeiHo ka Akamkav laewiaw lyaa iimiiff Wgu wusewv vuw wcubawa J 11 we ng joorpvt lira. Bolderoe felt the need of comfort and seaport. She aeakfor James Mills. It had beee azzaiiged ihathe should only appear in if0? "upen ihe summons of lus mis- trees. She had bran anxious that Scandal should have aa little resnnn as possible to lift ap itB voire against her ; that Seem shoold not have exoaao for pointing its slow unmoving finger at her, . " Jjaia MDlfl appeared with a flashed face and swollen features. ffi» eyes were bloodshot, his frembled, his meoch was husky and oon- jfsaod. It w plato that he had been drinking. ft What is the matter, James V It was acme moments behreju ooold speak srtiedately» "Which I mean," he said, vaguely, "as ghetto art tfr-gf which IVe neverbeen accus tomed to. There's folks as brieves in than, and there's folks as doesn't. There's folks as has aepa them, and there's folks as hasn't. Who'a afraid? Who says so? What then. Which I zpsan I've seen with my own eyes." "Seen what, James?" <c Masters ghost, and my service to. yen, sm'azn." : "What! You've seen the admiral's ghost 1 Where?" 4 Everywhere. That is— I won't go quite so far. as £p say I've seea it ; but I'vb felt it, and J>e heard it, times and times." ,«'J?elt and heard it ?" r a ym. ma'am. I know the bread of a wooden iemandl inow ths ie«l of a wooden. leg cm. my toeh. Jt was a way master had of oeming down upon one iiko that. Fve known him to do it, timee and timesc" wdBut when did this happen ?" "It happened day after day. Yesterday, and today, ami the day before yesterday, and it will happen iodaorrow, no doubt whatever about it. Wherever I go, whichever way I .torn, I can hear imntrr'n step stomp, stomp, after me. And I don't it, andl won't have it ; and I don't urn, tolnj says different. Lot him come on, like a ream if ho dare. I'd fight him for tuppence,, wooden leg and aH 4" JameBss hb spoke, dashed his hat upon the floor, and raised his fists in a menacing way, confronting an imaginary foe. He was really verytipsy. Mrs. -Bolderoe was shocked. " I'm glad he's act aihflksop," ahesaid, however; and, in spito fe£ his dishevelled, intoxicated air, she thrigM! she1 had mrer seen him look so hand some.' Certainly lie was smartly dressed. He wore a seariet coat with cut-steel buttons, a aUb iMkal waistcoat, nearl-eoloured- small white f stockings ribbed with light bfne, BpahAh' ehoes with large diver baifTfpMi, ated a littie Ni veraoie gold-laced hat. Jost then a fhird ' pferson entered the room, who seemed touring to the suitay and confined' city of Bath a gust of fresh country air, laden sritii Hie fragrance of flowers and new-mown hay. She was arosyicheeked girl with bronze- hrowh syes, teetii as white as milk, and lips as cod as cherries. Her straw-hat was firmly tied Cinder fier chin ; her chintz dress was skilfaily ' Vanehed" oyer hfer quilted petticoat. A mus- |«'n tucker clothed her neck ; neat 'mittens covered her hands.' _ was evidently in a passion, and she spoke wtth a throb in her voice ; bpt her accents were hravd and determined. , «Fve como .for James," she said, " and I don't m without hina." ' Irs Phoebe Cole ! The vixen !" murmured Ur, Belderoe. " For shame of you, James, to be playing me tmiaoj" criod Phoebe ; " what harm did I ever do yon that yen should treat me so, and make s langfaing-stock of' thej for all the idle boys and Srfs of the village to make faces at me ? And a pretty jackanapes y on look in those fine clothes llyou great ape'ywb to be trying to be taken for one of the gentlefolks ! Why you've only to Open your month, and they'll find you out for Vie country booby you really are. And shame ea ytm too, ma'am, making such a fool of the lad and of yourself.. If s not for a fine lady like vooxieif to be marrying my James— your own lootenant his place is behind yoor chmr, not beside yon. And he's pledged to me, and has been this ms&T; a day, and IVe pr©nHsed_to many for all I know him to he a foe iL But theres no harm in -him' beyond that j or there used mt to he, though HraeVi no saying, rinbe he's been among the quality, what niiscbief may' not have get into > his head. Tmhere to lock biter him now, how- ever. a&d; put an end to any monkey-tricks he may be xnrimed to. - We read ab««t it m the newspaper/ahd they were all taikmg ?b<mt it attheBazfoy Mow,ahd ongiog the song df 'The, Lady and the Pbbtman" at every fair and wake 1 And we aH laagfovl at you, maton. Heaven forve nsi for what need itare weto be laughing at others — and they oar bottom' when, the truth bring told, we're i ovbry hit as weak, and foolish, afld sinful as they? And I laughed with the rest till I had to hold my sides with laughing— for they'd dressed it up very queer and comical in the song ; SsS L kti8BBfstMlfSf®s,eayeifiaBBgriH3ei$55iBMi|Br iaWghfng at ? andHwh l lsabed on fife other side of my mouth, I canton you ; ihHooiffliit rest, night or d£y, till I'eotne to Bift myidf m toe waggon to helur atl -about it with my own eam uad to see all about it with my uwintyes. And if s true, it seetia ! Who'd hiw® toobt jos cooli to so1 Vricked, JaanBS ? Yoa 'ahcUld luwe known yOur plaoe totter, and ytoryduty -toyeur mistreasjiiot to rnmtiou myself ''And you, ma'am,- osnioe a looking lady as need to— With apretty, Wrft, llly-whitefoce of ydorOwn, and a puiO, oweet light in yOhr«ueeyfe-trii«?| oouldyna be tikfog- of ? Certain eure," Jaznes h no hnsbaad for the- like of you,' -Why, Fve known him ever since he waeno hijief tout toe tafale and cowboy at Fann« Nortbeotes. When all's said, to but a pom1 counfey tad for adl his fine clothes— the scarecrow, with his silk and hue, and his bafo toched iixto a bag .behind his neck ! And to was simple as the day; afid dull as a block of stone ; and, maybe, he's' jast the qaae now, for a suet dnmpfing wOnV torn into a plum podding, though you go on totting it untodofunsday. Your husband 1 Ho, ma'am, you'd be ashamed of him before you'd been married to him half an hour ; nd for all toe goidring on yonr finger and toe marriage lines in your pocket, you'd be for sending him mit of your drawing-room back to his proper place in toe pantry. I wont have yon do yourself such a wrong, nor him neither, no, nor me ; for in' this world one must say something for oneself now and then— there's so few for one, and so many against one. This marriage shan't be, and I've come to fetch James back home again. Hell marry me or hell marry no one— though WmMio T'm BAlIinor mvs/Jf ! Hni: T Vnow : AV O 0 UVl. wmgwA A — -J — - 9 w " him,and Fm used to him, and I've agrtefed to make alu'ft with him for a husband, and I wont go back from my word. I've come for my James, she ended as she had begun, "and I won't leave Bath without him." James Mill wept noirily, shedding copious tears, partially penitential, arid in part of a maudling, inebrious quality. , Mrs. Bolderoe was cowed. Phoebe's ringing tones fall upon her like blows. She became conscious of her folly ; a sense of shame set her cheeks She had fallen once more under the influence of a mind stronger than her own. She was now meek and docile, as toe had been in . the lifetime of toe late Admiral Bolderoe, with toe addition that toe was more contrite than toe had ever been is her life be fore. i Phcebe triumphed, aud bore away James Mills from Bath. . Society rejoiced greatly, feeling how narrowly -it had escaped Berious disaster. : Mrs. Boldero was left alone. She had quar relled with her relations, her friends, mid ac quaintances, and for nothing; For James Mills was nothing to her now. She began to think her widowhood as trying as tor married life had been. Happily, . there had been no more turning in his grave on the part of the late ad miral, and hb wooden iegbadnotagain mounted toe stairs at midnight. ; But' Mrs. Bolderoe's widowhood /did not last so very long. It was so well-known that toe had been left comfortably provided for, that presently there was quite a rash of the clergy, especially nf the minor canons of Wells Cathedral, to her feet. r The church, however, Vras disappointed of the prize, i Mrs. Bolderoe became the wife of Sir Patrick Casey, of Casey Castie, in the County of Limerick, Bart., a handsome, hearty, good- humoured, penniless Irishman; who taested her very kindly and tenderly, with intervals- of boisterousness, and whose abject and devoted slave toe continued for many years. As people were fond of saying of her, -toe- was "a poor weak creature, but toe had her good points I She was married soon after Christmas. Sir Patrick had heard all about the stay of ha love for James Mills, and of the admiral's turning in his grave. To all appearances toe Irishman enjoyed the recital very much indeed; i He took the precaution, however, on Christinas Eve, of daring the admiral's " jury-mast " on the fire.- It whistled, and crackled, and roared, as toe flames lapped round it— reallyit seemed almost a live thing. But it was reduced to ashes at last rand it never more troubled toe re- pose of Bolderoe's widow. — All the Tear Bound . 