Selected Poetry. The Birds of Killingworth. APROPOS of the passing of an Act for the protection of birds, our attention has been called to Longfellow's beautiful poem, "The Birds of Killingworth," exquisite in its tenderness, charming in its sympathy with nature, and gentle even in its satire. We publish it in the hope that it may create in every household in which the Queenslander is read an intelligent loving interest in our dear feathered denizenß of scruband forest, and thattheßirds Protection Act may not be left to be carried out by policemen' and informers, but that each household may, under the grave authority, of Act of Parliament constitute itself into a committee of safety for the protection of our Queensland "Birds of Killingw rth." It was the reason, when through all the land The merle and mavis build, and building ring Those lovely lyrics, written by Hi* hand, Whom Saxon Cedmon calls the Blith«-heart Kinf; When on the boughs the purple buds expand, The banners of the vanguard of the Spring, And rivulets, rejoicing, rush and leap, And wave their fluttering signals from the steep. The robin and the blue-bird, piping lond, Filled all the blossoming orchards with their glee; The sparrows chirped as if{they still were proud Their race in Holy Writ should mentioned be; And hungry crows assembled in a crowd, Clamoured their piteous prayer incessantly, Knowing who hears the ra-ens cry, and said: 'I Give us, O Lord, this day our daily bread I" Across the Sound the birds of passage sailed, Speaking some unknown lunguage strange and tweet Of tropic isle remote, and passing hailed The village with the cheers of all their fleet; Or quarrelling together, laughed and railed Like foreign sailors, landed in the street Of seaport town, and with outlandish noise Of oaths and gibberish frightening girls and boys. Thus came the jocund Spring in Killingworth, In fabulous days, some hundred years ago ; And thrifty farmers, as they tilled the earth, Heard with alarm the cawing of the crow, That mingled with the universal mirth, Cassandra-like, prognosticating woe; They shook their heads, and doomed with dreadful words To swift destruction the whole race of birds. And a town- meeting was convened straightway To set a price upon the guilty heads Of these marauders, who, in lieu of pay, Levied blaok-niail upon the garden beds And cornfields, and beheld without dismay The awful scarecrow, with bis fluttering shreds: The skeleton that waited at their feast, Whereby their sinful pleasure was increased. Then from his house, a temple painted white, With fluted columns, and a roof of red, The squire came forth, august and splendid sight I 81owly descending, with majestio tread, Three flights of steps, nor looking left nor right, Down the long street he walked, as one who said, " A town that boast* inhabitants like me Can have no lack of good society I" The Parson, too, appeared, a man austere, The instinct of whose nature was to kill; The wrath of God he preached from year to year, And read, with fervour, Edwards on the Will; Bis favorite pastime was to slay the deer In Summer on some Adirondao hill; E'en now, while walking down the rural lane, He lopped the wayside lilies with hie cane. Prom the Academy, whose belfry crowned The hill of Science with its vane of brass, Came the Preceptor, gazing idly rouud, Now at the olouds, and now at the green gran, And all absorbed in reveries profound Of fair Altnira in the upper class, Who was, as in a sonnet he had said, As pure as water, and as good as bread. And next the Deacon issue t from his door, In his voluminous neck-cloth, white as snow; A suit of sable bombazine he wore ; His form was ponderous, and his step was slow: There never was so wise a man before: He seemed the incarnate " Well, I told you so I" And to perpetuate hts great renown There waa a street named after him in town. These came together in the new town-hall, With sundry fanners from the region round. The Squire presided, dignified and tall, His air impressive and his reasoning sound. 11l fared it with the birds, both great and small; Hardly a friend in all that crowd they found, But enemies enough, who «very one Charged them with all the crimes beneath the sun. When they had ended, from his place apart. Rose the Preceptor, to redress the wrong, And, trembling like a steed before the start, Looked round bewildered on -the expectant throng; Then thought of fair Almira, and took heart To speak out what was in him, clear and strong, Alike regardless of their smile or frown, And quite determined not to be laughed down. " Plato, anticipating the Reviewers, From his Republic banished without pity fhe Poets ; in this little town of yours, You put to death, by means of a Committee, The ballad-singers and the Troubadours, The street-musicians of the heavenly city, The birds, who make sweet music for us all In our'dark hours, as David did for Saul " The thrush that carols at the dawn of day From the green steeples of the piny wood ; The oriole in the elm ; the noisy jay, Jamming like a foreigner at his food ; The blue-bird balanced on some topmost spray, Flooding with melody the neighborhood ; Linnet and meadow-lark, and all the throng That dwell in nests, and have the gift of song. " Tou slay them all 1 and wherefore ? for the gain Of a scant handful more or less of wheat, Or rye, or barley, or some other grain. Scratched up at random, by industrious feet, Searching for worm or weevil after rain I Or a few cherries, that are not so sweet As are the songs these uninvited guests Sing at their feast with comfortable breasts. " Do you ne'er think what wondrous beings these ? Do you ne'er think who made them, and who taught The dialect they speak, where melodies Alone are the interpreters of thought f Whose household words are songs in many keys, Sweeter than instrument of man e'er caught f Whose habitations in the tree-tops even Are half way houses on the road to heaven I " Think, every moi-aing when the aun peeps through The dim, leaf-latticed windows of the grove, How jubilant the happy birds renew Their old, melodious madrigals of love t Ami when yon think of this, remember too 'Tin always morning somewhere, and above The awakening continents, from shore to shore, Somewhere the birds are singing evermore. " Think of yonr woods and orchards without birds I Of empty nests that cling to boughs and beams An in an idiot's bruin remembered words Hang empty 'mid the cobwebs of his dreams I Will bleat of flocks or bellowing of herds Make np for the lost music, when your teams Drag home the stingy harvest, and no more The feathered gleaners follow to your door f " What I wonld yon rather see the incessant stir Of insects in the win rows of the hay, And hear the locust and the grasshopper Tbeir melancholy hurdy-gurdies play f I* this more pleasant to you than the whirr Of meadow-lark, and its sweet roundelay, Or twitter of little field-fares, v you take Tour nooning in the shade of bun and brake f " You call them thieve* and pillagers ; but know They are the winged wardens of your farms, Who from the cornfields drire the insidious foe, And from your harvests keep a hundred harms; Eveu the blackest of them all, the crow, Renders good service as your man-at-arms, Crushing the beetle in bis coat of mail, And crying havoo on the slug and snail. " How can I teach your children gentleness, And mercy to the weak, and reverence For Life, which, in its weakness or excess, Is still a gleam of God's omnipotence, , Or Death, which, seeming darkness, is no lees The selfsame light, although averted hence, When by your Uvvb, your actions, and your speech, Tou contradiot the very things I teaoh V With thia he dosed ; and through the audience went A murmur, like the rustle of dead leaves; The farmers laughed and nodded, and some bent Their yellow heads together like their sheaves; Men have no faith in fine-spun sentiment Who put their trust in bullocks and in beeves, The birds were doomed ; and, as the record shows, A bounty offered for the heads of orows. There was another audience out of reach, Who had no voice nor vote in making laws, But in the papers read his little speech, And crowned his modest temples with applause : They made him conscious, each one moie than each, He still was victor, vanquished in their cause. Sweetest of all the applause he won from thee, O fair Almira at the Academy I And so the dreadful massacre began; O'er fields and orchards, and o'er woodland crests, The ceaseless fusillade of terror ran. Dead fell the birds, with blood-stains on their breasta, Or woundbd crept away from sight of man, While the young died of famine in their nests: A slaughter to be told in groan*, not words, The very St. Bartholomew of Birds I The summer came, and all the birds were dead : The days were like hot coals ; the very ground Was burned to ashes; in the orchards fed Myriads of caterpillars, and around The cultivated fields and garden beds Horts of devouring insect* crawled, and found No foe to check their march, till they bad made The land a desert without leaf or shade. Devoured by worms, like Herod, was the town, Because, like Herod, it had ruthlessly Sin ughtered the In nooents. From the trees spun down The canker- worms upon the passers-by, Upon each woman's bonnet, shawl, and gown, Who shook them •ff with just a little orv; They were the terror of each favorite walk, The endless theme of all the village talk. The farmers grew impatient, but a few Confessed their error, and would not complain, For after all, the best thing one can do When it is raining, it to let it rain. Then they repealed the law, although they knew It would not call the dead to life again ; As school-boys, finding their mistake too late, Draw a wet sponge across the accusing slate. That year in Killingworth the autumn came Without the light of his majestic look. The wonder of the falling tongues of flame, The illumined pages of his Doomsday-Book. A few lost leaves blushed crimson with their sham*, And drowned themselves despairing in the brook, While the wild wind went moaning everywhere, Lamenting the dead ohildren of the air! But the next spring a stranger sight waa seen, A sight that never yet by bard was sung, As great a wonder as it would have been If some dumb animal had found a tongue I A waggon overarched with evergreen, Upon whose boughs, were wioker cages hung, All full of singing birds, came down the street, Filling the air with musio wild and sweet. From all the country round these birds were brought, By order of the town, with anxious quest, And, loosened from their wioker prisons, sought In woods and fields the places they loved best, Singing loud cantiolee, whioh many thought Were satires to the authorities addressed, While others, listening in green lanes, averred Such lovely musio never had been heard I Bat blithe/ still and louder carolled they Upon the morrow, for they seemed to know It was the fair Almira's wedding-day, And everywhere, around, above, below, When the Preceptor bore his bride away, Their songs burst forth in joyous overflow, And a new heaven bent over a new earth Amid the sunny farms of Killingworth. Stage Absurdiths in thb Last Ckhtttxt.— Before Garrick's time the audience could not only obtain admission behind the scenes by the •imple payment of mouey at the stage-door, but they sat upon the stage during the performance, spoke as loud as the actors, conversed across them to each other, and got up and walked about as their convenience prompted thorn. When the villain of a play muttered, " I am alone I" one of the fops lounging on the stage would request a pinch of snuff from a friend ; and, as lachino rose from the chest in Imogene't chamber, a swarm of cravatted, wide-skirted beaux would sit and stand in his immediate neighborhood. Othello smothered Detdemona in the presence of some twenty critical gentlemen ; and the ghost of Hamlet's father, after imparting the secret of his death to a small crowd, threaded his way off among the chairs, with apologies for incommod ing them. Oarrick reformed this absurd state of affairs. Who Osman Pasha Is.—The Courier-Journal, U.S., publishes a letter from L. B. Wickliff of Mount Washington, Ky., who claims that he knows Osman Pasha of the Turkish army, and haa corresponded with him since he entered the Turkish service. He says Osman Pasha is not General Bazine, late Marshal of the French army, as reported, but that he is a native of Hawkins county, Term. ; that his name is R. Crawford. He commanded a regiment of artillery during the late war. He afterwards entered the service of the Liberal Government of Mexico and was made a General of a Division. He finally quar relled with President Juarez and returned to the United States and resided for several years near Philadelphia. He afterwards entered the service of the Khedive of Egypt and was transferred to the service of the Sultan and commanded the Turkish army at Plevna.—The Post learns that General Joseph F. Reynolds, a lawyer of Chicago city, was intimately acquainted with R. Clay Crawford, who joined the Sixty-fourth Regiment of Illinois Volunteers, at Wilmington, Ills., in which Reynolds was a lieutenant. Crawford rose rapidly in rank on account of bravery and merit. General Reynolds has'corresponded with him since the war, and in 1873 he had a letter from him statins; that he (Crawford) was in the employ of the Egyptian Got* fnmeut, and that he was called Oaman Bey. He heard from him subsequently as being in the Turkish service as Osman Pasha. Anotheb hotly contested and decisive engage* ment between the Russians and Turks took place yesterday, resulting, as usual, in a Coin* plete and brilliant victory for both side*. 