CHILDREN'S CORNER A Christmas Stocking with a Hote in it. CHAPTER I. (Continued.) THE STOCKING IS HUNG. MR. MORGRIDGE was not a talkative man—one would see that at a glance; his mouth looked as if it shut with a spring. Mr. Mit, when living, had been even mpre silent, but when he did speaaf —jtheu^one look for golden words'; - for so Bttafy.r*riiftfefliie was surely iveiy): wise. MVj Morgridge used to say tfcttt if" was because iis name Sblmnon, and that was tr^jjmry thipg J&r.; had ever said that came near, being witty. All the court knew it, a**l the saying almost turned the comet'w"t)W head of the court. Tjhey divjd^i^ between them. Mr. MqrgadagfrittiißWTigj; to the snuff department) Mr. Mit trjC the cigar and pitfe branch. ' It was the Inten tion of itf.t. Mit, expressed sojpftjajfter' 't^e r adoption of little.Peter, to; b*i^ fcu»<«p.< to take charge of the chewing' tobacco branch. In consequence of Him diviaiclri I of the 'business, David Morgridge, took , snuff incessantly, but never smoked, Solomon Mit smoked all the while, but never took snuff. .They did this to recommend their wofps,. Besides, it served to explain the duty of each, partner. If a customer canie in for pipe* • or cigars, he invariably wdnt directly tp J: Mr. Mit; if he came for snuff,, he 'a°) surely turned to Mr. Morgridge. . When Peter entered the shop, Mr. Morgridge was just wiping Mb face after a pinch of snuff;- the whole air of the shop was snuffy/r and no one came in without instantly being tempted to sneeze. Peter sneezed as a matter of course, and Mr. Morgridge, after his usual fashion, replied with a " God bless you!" He i seldom got the compliments in return, however, as in his case the blessing would have become so common as to be quite worthless. Mr. Morgridge then inquired into Peter's sales, and with that his regular conversation ended. His mouth shut so closely, with the corners turned down to cover any possible opening, ,/that one would know immediately that no acci dental words could escape. But to-night Peter did not mean to let his guardian keep his usual silence; he was too much concerned about the picture he had seen in the shop-window. He waited how ever till after tea. Then, as they- re turned to the shop, Mr. Morgridge, taking his customary seat upon his bench with a pot of snuff beside him, set about his work of putting up tobacco in divers shapes. Peter took his customary seat also, much above Mr. Morgridge. It was a seat which lie had inherited from his uncle. Solomon Mit, being a contemplative man, was desirous of being lifted above ordinary things when he pursued his meditations, and had accordingly 'built a sort of watch-tower out of several boxes, placed one upon another, and topped by au arm-chair, deprived of its legs. Into this chair Soloinou used to climb, and when there, his head was not far from the1 ceiling. Here he would sit in his lofty station, and wrapped in smoke from hfe own pipe, would revolve in his mind various questions, occasionally dropping from the clouds a remark to his partner, who sat snuffing below on the bench. Customers, when they had entered the shop,) had become used to the sight of the little man's legs as they appeared below the cloud, and a classical scholar chancing in one day to fill his pipe, had likened him to Zeus upon the top of. Olympus. Peter valued this watch-tower above all bis possessions, and here every night he sat perched, and counted the fly-specks on the ceiling, or fished up things from the floor by means of a hook and line which lie kept by him. To-night, however, after lie had climbed into the chair, he broke the usual silence by putting the following Question to Mr. Morgridge :-*-,. • "Mr. Morgridge, is (his): Christmas I ive 1" to which David Morgridge, after taking a pinch of snuff, cautiously replied: "Itmay be;" and then added, as if to explain his uncertainty of mind—"l don't keep the run o' Christmas." "Does Santa Claus really come down a chimney Christmas night and fill the ■i locking with -presents'}" proceeded Peter. r j jfd then, getting no answer, he gave an iioqount of V^hat he had seen in the I 1 indow, and,/being very much interested, [He told also <what he thought of it all, , and the resolution that he had finally come t(£; .jjaffliely, to hang up his own stocking;that;very night. Mr. Morgridge havinffliMened to what Peter hadito say, took ino*e' snuff and seemed disposed to \ let,,tfcat end the mater, but" Peter per sisted in getting bis opinion. ' i "Mr. Morgndge,'' said he, "do you tjbink Santa Caatas -will come and fill my (t tocking J". Hjqing pressed for an answer, ' ] fr. Morgndge made shift to say— . , ' " May be, but should say not; used to [ 1 eHtfre.fn Santa Claus when I w^-aboy} t (Jon-1* now ; 'taint no use." " . ' : This was rather discouraging,.but Peter upon thinking it over Irani his watch tower; reflected that Mr.' Morgridge used to ,bejieve in Santp"Claus^ and that the (WerfeJUaW'Oftfr -visited boys,; besides, bel thought k ihight be owing to the snuff Sat he disbelieved in him now-;' for it l^s by, that Peter ueuaUy explained Mir. Mocgndge's eccentricities. But Peter was tired and drowsy, and, (lambering dowt* from his perch, set out jor his bed, groping his way up "the steep i taircase that, led to the half-story, afrqye, there he had his cot. He never went up 1 hftt stairqase in the dark—and a light 7a luxury npt to be/ thought of— rithout imagining all manner, of horrors riuch he might see at the top. In one place, there were two small holes in the floor close together; the place was over he shop, and whenever there was a light Huming below, he could see these two idles blinking and shining like two eyes. it was the last thing he saw when he got ; njbo bed, and he would say to himself in a bold way, as if to show any ghosts or toblins that might possibly be about, how undaunted he was, "Two Eyes) come here and swallow me up !" and then he Would draw.the bed-clothes over his head for a minute or two, and peep out to re kssure himself that Two Eyes had not taken him at his word and come to swallow him up. But Two Eyes never bame, and this gave him fresh courage, so that of late he had become quite bold in the dark. As he climbed up the staircase this night, his little head was full of the idea of Santa Claus. The chimney was con venient, he thought to himself, for it passed through the loft and there was a large open fire-place in it never used. But then, suppose he should come down before the fire in the room below was fairly out! he would get scorched. But it was too cold to sit long guessing about such matters, so he undressed himself quickly. Last of all he drew off his right stocking. This he held in his hand —" Oh !" said he, "it has got a hole in it; the things will all come out 1" Indeed, it was almost all hole, for beside the proper hole which every stocking has or it isn't a stocking, there was a hole in the heel and another very large one in the toes. He looked at it in despair, and then took up the other one J but that was even worse. He consoled himself, finally, as well as he could, by the reflection that Santa Claus would probably put all the large things in first, and thus they would stop the holes up and nothing would be lost. : He cast about now for a place to hang it. The little boy in the picture hung his on the door, but that was out of the question, for there was no nail there. He remembered finally a hook in the wall not far from the chimney. It was a dreadful place to go to, so near Two Eyes ! but he mustered courage, especially when he con sidered how very convenient it would be for Santa Claus. His heart Went pit-a pat as he stole over the flobr.; the boards under his feet creaked and every bone in his body seemed to be going off like a fire cracker. It seemed to him as if Two ]j!yes and all his friends were starting from every corner of the room. , Qoing back was not so bad as all the ghosts were now behind him. He shivered into his cold bed, and drew his knees up to his chin. So excited,, was lie about Santa Claus, that when, he looked presently toward the other end of the room and saw Two Eyes blinking at him, he forgot for the instant that he had ever seen them before, and fancied Santa Claus must have made his appearance already. He was just ready to scream, when he recollected what the Eyes were, and boldly saying:— "Two Eyes! come here and swallow me up 1" he rolled himself up in the bed clothes and was soon fast asleep. [TO BE CONTINUED.] 