The relations of the Corner to the Opposition proper during the last Par liament might possibly tax ft ensuist to definite accurately. Properly speaking, the Corner in a Parliamentary sense is un unrelated body. It prides itself on being independent of either of the organic parties wuicn uiviuo cue uoor of the House betweon them. As a rule neither party can calculate on its sup port, because its support is supposed to be given not so much with reference to men (is to measures. There can be'no doubt, however, that the history of tho Corner-men, whom Mr. Service repre sented last session, was aa exception to this rule, so far as their attitude on tho question of M'Cullochism was con cerned. On this question they were always in perfect nccord with the Oppo sition proper. Some of tho severest blows that Sir James M'Cl'LLOuh re ceived came from this quarter. No one denounced his intrigue ?with Mr. Kf.rferd in more unmeasured tones than Mr. Service and Mr. Casev; and Mr. Berry himself was not a more unxpiuing critic of his financial policy. On tho unconstitutional character of the gag they woro all agreed; and though Mr. Service did not see his way to use the forms of the House for stopping tho passage of the Supply Bill, he coincided in tho object which the atoppago was designed to effect, namely, to get a dis solution. The forms of the iJon.se he himself resorted to before the session closed'. This single ? differentia, re moved, there was really nothing to separate the two -wings of the Opposi tion but the gangway. They might be described, perhaps, by the line in which Cowper hoped to immortalise his sofa — United though divided, twain in one. They generally voted together on most of the divisions that took pltice on the main controversy of the day, and oven when the corner men abstained from voting they gave the Opposition the aid of their oratory. Since Parliament lias been out of session they have given still stronger indications of sym pathy ?with the principles for which Mr. Berry and his immediate colleagues contended. On the duty of getting rid of Sir James M'Culloch both JMr. Casey and Mr. Service spoke on their electioneering tour in the most uncompromising terms. They both of them agreed that it ought to be the first work of Parliament. Mr. Casey told his constituents at Man durang that '. he is not going to wait ' for Sir James M'CuLLOcn to produce ' his proposals to the Mouse, but would ' take the earliest opportunity to rele ' gate him to tho seat in which ho sat ' before he took office.' ' When Pnr ' liament meets,' says Mr. Service, ' I hope it will have something more 'important to consider than Sir James ' M'Culloch's proposals.' If this meant anything, it was that the corner had made up its mind that it ought to suspend all minor differences with the front benches to carry one point at lenst, and thut the cardinal point in the Liberal programme. On thfi other leading questions of tho clay we find the same disposition to a vupprochcment between the two suctions. Mr. Casey hns declared for a hind tax that shall bo something more than a tax. He states in an many words that he would tax the large estates in ordor to prevent their aggregation ; and though Mr. Service ' will be no party 'to a penal or bursting-up tax, he ' believes that land ought to be taxed, ' and taxed more heavilv than any ' other description of property, and ' that lie is distinctly in favor of a ' land tax as contradistinguished from a ' property tax.' With respect to the accumulation of the large estates, he said that ' he viewed it- with much ' misgiving, and thought the new Far _ 'liament would do well to consider ' how this evil might in future be ' prevented.' Here again there is no just cause why thfi Corner and the Op position proper should not be united together both for political and adminis trative purposes. The impediment on which most stmm is placed by the people who are interested in keeping them apart is fiBcal taxation. Jt is very true that Mr. Service is a free-trader, but it is also truo that he has taken particular pains to repudiate any sym pathy with the bigots of bis party. He avowed himself to be heartily sick of them, and he admitted in his address to the ' electors of Maldon that he looked forward to seeing 'some amicable arrangement by ' which the ghosts of free-trmle nnd ' protection might finally be arranged.' This admission will meet with no en dorsement from tho clique whom Messrs. Jones, Murray .S.viTn and Lanctojj represent. But Mr. Ser vice will doubtless hear in mind that Messrs'. Jones, Murray Smith and Lanoton have just lost their seats, and that itis only ipnsoiiableto conclude that the views which they hold nre not held by the lml k of the free-tradero; Mr. CoucnE, theex-president of tho Chamber of Commerce, is probably a much fairer exponent of the average opinion of his patty, and Mr. Couche upoke' aa fol lows on tbe subject; — 'I am a free ' trader by education and conviction, ' but 1 am not one of those ' who boliove that l'reo-tiado in ' a punaceu for all the ills that uiercan '/ tile ilesh is heir to. Nor urn I in ' favor of any project for Btiddonly de ' tn'iviui! tliOso ludtistriea whiuh urolnc ' tiou has brought iuto existence of.tho ' support they havo hitherto received. ' On tho contmry, I should much prefer ' to see free-traders and protectionists ' agree on a number of articles which ' niiiy eventually bo produced od ' vantageouBly in the colony to which ' protection should bo granttid, and free ' the thousand and one articles which ' cannot be produced here, and ' the duties upon ?which are a ' f;reat impediment to business.' Wo need scarcely Bay that we do not go to Mr. Couciie for' the oullinesof a fiscal programme for the new Govern ment, but nt the sumo time wo confess to a little satisfaction in being able to adduce bis testimony to the perfect practicability of n policy which shall enaUo. a new Government to be formed that shn.ll represent as many sections of the Liberal party as have auy claim to be represented. Mr. Service and Mr. Casey are both entitled to be regarded ns Liberals. They hold Liberal views on M'Cullochiam, on the gag, on tho land tax, Mid on the expediency of making the Council subordinate to the Assembly. Mr. Casey would have annual Pnrlmruents. Mr. Service is still in favor of the Norwegian system. On the revision of tho tariff alone dous he seem to take up an isolated position. In point of fact, however, his isolation is more in the seeming tlinn in the reality. He desires that the tariff shall be revised as much as Mr. Behry, and the principle being admitted, the rest is only a question of degroe. At the close of the first series of colo nial wool sales held during the months of February and March, in London; we suggested certain reasons for tho de cline in values then experienced. In reviewing tho then aspect of fho Eng lish market, the accumulation of stocks of raw wools, and the depression gone rally ruling in the manufacturing dis tricts, our anticipations, it will be re membered, its to the result of the second series of Hales were not reassuring. Un fortunately for shippers these apprehen sions have been borne out by results. Various telegrams are to hand from the London correspondents of Mel bourne firms, nil of which more or less specifically confirm tho substance of Heutkr'b inefjRiige. Prices have again fallen, and values now nre only five per cent, above the lowest point touched during the third Reriea of sales held in lt-7C. It would indooil seem that we are about to repent the expe riences of that year, when prices opened with a full averaging about lid. perlb., followed by a further reduction at the close of March of 2d. per lb. more, and dropping again ih the .June-August series another 15 to 20 per cent., thus bringing prices down to very nearly the same rates ns those ruling in 1870, which year ?was one of the worst, so far as prices go, in the annals of our wool trade. ]n August, 187G — in conse quence of the operations of Continental buyers, however — an improvement sot in, and a recovery of from 10 to IB per cent, from the lowest price touched wus effected. The November saleB not only supported this rise, but a further im provement of about 10 per cent, oc curred.' But the close of this series showod, from the check in the demand, that the improvement was more uppnront than real. This history, as wo have said, there is reason to fear, will be repented, and unfortu nately the surroundings of the English market are not even sp- favorable as they were last year. Tho offerings are larger, the first series in 187G opening with a catalogue of 107,101 bales, whilst this year no less than 2G8,417 bales were submitted ; nnd the fall on November prices was Id. to 2d. on best merino, 2d. to 3d. on lower grades, and Id. to 2d. on greasy. At the second series, just commenced, from 300,000 to :S40,000 bales are to be ofl'ered, an ngainst 228,900 for the cor responding series of 1870, aud here again w« are .met with an immediate drop of 10 per cent, in values as com pared with the closing rates of the firht series of thin year. Sixteen thousand bales, we are informed, have been taken for the manufacturing districts ; hut as another telegram says ' tho niannfuc ' turers aro poorly employed,' we must not count on much improvement. And it is just this laat ucason, coupled with our increased production, that has ? induced the downward tendency in the English market of our chief nrticle of export. ' Of course it is extremely diffi cult to assimilate such statements with the glowing statements as to the results obtained from free-trade, but 'such ' things nre,' and the fact will come home practically ere long to not a few of tho most stubborn opponents of pro tection in Victoria. The competition of other manufacturing countries, and tho extension of protection generally, is limiting the purchasing capneity of the English spinner in just the Rnmo ratio uh the market for his goods is being restricted. Those really interested — not theorists, who argue simply from an unattainable point — plainly see how affairs are tending; and the most recent utterances of the leading nnd commercial men in England are directed to the cause of thin restriction of their export market. The speeches of the Presidents of tho Chambers of Commerce of Manchester, Liverpool and Leeds all point to the name fact, whilst tho official statements of English trade during 187G afford the key to the actual cause why Victorian wool is so depressed in the London market. Turning to the Board of Trade returns ?v»o find the exports of woollen and, worsted Btuffs to tho United States fell from £2,27C,1GO in 1875 to .£l,.r-47,148 in 187G; woollen cloths, coat ings, -tc, from £7G7,118 to £433,919. The exports to Canada, and other large markets, particularly Germany and Holland, ull show a decline, which, if not so specially marked as that in the American trade, still go to swell the total. Take every line of English manufacture in which wool is used, and we find that a reduction in quantity 1ms been going on. Compared with 187.r-, woollen yarn exports show a decline of 2.7 per cent ; -woollen cloths, 2.2 per cent; worsted stuffs, 12.3 per cent. ; and carpets, Ac., 1G per cent. And further, the values have even been more sensibly affected ; thus, the decreased value of the exports of woollen yarn is 13.4 per cent.; woollen cloths, J5.2 per cent. ; worsted stuffs, 18.4 per cent.; and carpets, 21.6 per cent. Iheso figures, which nre taken from the Board of Trade returns, prove, first, that the English manufacturer has had a smaller demand for his goodu; and next, that he has had to accept lower prices. But it mnst not be supposed that this falling- I off in the export demand for English woollen manufactures has arisen all at_ once. On the contrary, we may trace' it back to 1S72. Comparing Uib ca limutud values of ?woollen yarns and manufactures exported in 1872 to America with tho figures of 1875, thoro is a falling off of no less than 4U per cent., aud to Germany of 50 por cent. How proffrossive thin decline has. been may be gathered from the following : — Exports of woulkn yonusnil ruauutacturtu— Yuar. Value in round numhor?, lt-72 ? _ ? JW,400,000 1«73 ? _ ? 30,700.000 1S74 ? 28,300,1)00 1S75 ? _. ? 2t-,70O,O0O Bead with there-suit wehave given of the woollen trade of 187G, we account for the- fall in the price of tho raw staple ; and this has been sensibly aggravated by the continuous production, not only in Australia, but in every portion of tho globe. It is not to be supposed that the demand for woollen goods has materially decreased since 1S72. Al though it may be in some wny affected by tho cheaper price of cotton, the main fact for the decline in the .trade of tho English manufacture is that year by year tho markets which she at one time wholly absorbed are being supplied by native industries. The importance of watching the growth of these results of protection in other countries cannot be underrated. It may suit the parti culur political ideas of certain parties to attempt to ridicule and depreciate the progress of protection ; but tho re duction of 4d. to 5d. per pound in the value of the squatters' wool is too practical a lesson to be dismissed with a sneer, or explained by a platitude. In one sense, we may look at the prospect of a permanent settle ment of wool values at a lower stan dard as satisfactory to the prospects of tho colony, for it will save us from the utte'mpt to turn Victoria into a huge uheepwnlk. It was the large profits that tempted the capitalists to add acre to acre nnd sheep to sheep, to the exclu sion of the tiHe of the soil for the more beneficial purposes of agriculture ; reduci! these, and the impediment will fude awny. Thus it will be seen that the bluck cloud has its silver lining, and the material prosperity of tho colony may really be advanced by what has always been looked upon heretofore as a public calamity — a fall in the price of wool. 