A FIRST-HAND GHOST STORY. A paper on the Other World, which ap pears in the current number of the Church Quarterly Review, contains the following first-hand story, which will no doubt be welcome to many readers as a contribution to the very large number of authentic stories testifying to appearance of a dying man at the moment of death to distant friends:— "The fact is that this class of what are called ' ghost stories' is so numerous, and so thoroughly well authenticated, that the hesitation would rather be as to whether they be properly supernatural at all. We mean that the question arises whether it may not be possible in the nature of things —under certain circumstances—for the de parting spirit to manifest itself to distant friends at the instant, the fleeting moment, of transition from this world to the other ? If any one replies, if so, why is it not even more common F our answer is easy. There are numbers of things quite natural which are much more uncommon than the well-ascertained instances of this class of event. In the house in which these pages are written, a tall and wide staircase-win dow, with a northern aspect, throws a strong side-light on the entrance into the chief living-room, which, stands at the end of a passage running nearly the length of the house. It was after midday, in midwinter, many years since, that the writer left his study, which opens into the passage just mentioned, on his way to his early dinner. The day was rather foggy, but there was no density of vapor, yet the door at the end of the passage seemed obscured by mist. As he advanced, the mist, so to call it, gathered into one spot, deepened, and formed itself into the outline of a human figure, the the head and shoulders becoming more and more distinct, while the rest of the body seemed enveloped in a gauzy cloak-like vestment of many folds, reaching down wards so as to hide the feet, and from its width, as it rested on the flagged passage, giving a pyramidal outline. The full light of the window fell on the object, which was so thin and tenuous in its consistency that the light on the panels of highly varnished door were visible through this lower part of the dress. It was altogether colorless, a statue carved in mist. The writer was so startled that he is uncertain whether he moved forward or stood still. He was rather astonished than terrified, for Lis first notion was that he was witnessing some hitherto unnoticed effect of light and shade. He had no thought of anything supernatural, till, as he gazed, the head was turned to wards him, and he at once recognised the features of a very dear friend. The expres sion of his countenance was that of holy, peaceful repose, and the gentle kindly aspect which it wore in daily life was intensified (so the writer, in recalling the sight, has ever since felt) into a parting glance of deep affection. And then, in an instant, all passed away. The writer can only compare the manner of the evanescence to the way in which a jet of steam is dissipated on ex posure to cold air. Hardly, till then, did lie realise that he had been brought into close communion with the supernatural. The result was great awe, but no terror, so that instead of retreating to his study lie went forward and opened the door, close to which the apparition had stood. Of course he could not doubt the import of what be had seen, and the morrow's orthe next day's post brought the tidings that his friend had tranquilly passed out of this world at the time when he was seen by tha writer. It must be stated that it was a sudden sum mons ; that the writer had heard nothing of him for some weeks previously, and that nothing had brought him to his thoughts on the day of his decease." The Dog in Church.—During divine service one Sunday night at chapel in a village not far from Newcastle, a dog strayed into the chapel. A member of the con gregation who was deeply interested in the sermon rose to put it out. When nearing the door, not wishing to lose any part of the discourse, he looked up at the preacher, and said, very seriously, "Had thee gob, marra, till aa've put the dorr oot!" An inebriated individual walked into the telegraph office at the depot recently and penned the following brief but expressive despatch to a friend in Springfield:—" I am happy." "Tweutv-five cents," said the operator. He ran his fingers into his vest pocket in a vacant sort of way, smiled feebly, and afterwards remarking," Guess I'll wait till I get there myself," staggered out.—Bridgeport Standard. 