YORKE'S PENINSULA. [From our own Reporter.] June 27. The last week has been as prolific of events as its predecessor was barren. On Tuesday, June 19, a deputation, consisting of gentlemen from the three towns, but mostly from Kadina, proceeded to Yacka to attend a meeting held there on the 21st, and support the extension of the Barunga line to that district. The meet ing was largely attended, and a good deal of discnawn ensued. The result, however, was unfavorable to the «««li-l?i*?i.«-.. of the Penin sula. Bnolutions were passed in favor of an extension of a line from Blyth's Plains to Georgetown, which, if constructed, would put an end to all hopes of the extension of the Barunga line. There were no great argu ments used in favor of this preference, the general impression being apparently that the Government would not grant an ritruaiuti of tW Barunga line eo readily n one of tW?lytiiline,tfaevalueofwhichnotion isadf-apparant. TW matter had Wen cut and dried beforehand, n much m that a printed memcrial had actually beengotnpinanticipa t« of the result TW proposarof tWresoln tkm witibnicvi nis mppurt "*pm it? ""ig on* vJMrdoftWsuperiori^oftWliiievia?sn?ga. I wu« it to be understood thai m making then icmtrks I aa not wwlianaiiMi to unpute any unfairnam. TW Peninsula deputation was well received and acoorded a pntfcnt ■T*ffiiri >. «rf rmm? m* oos?plaiu on tiiiM aoore. Their aide of the question, however, had not been ventilated in tW district before, and their arguments were consequently without force to than whan eym rathin had already been ealiated on bebsif of tike (so to apeak) opposition, and whose support had been actuaUy raiiiiasatid and f«"""«a, There is a good deal of sympathy with the pro meters of &e; Barunga scheme, and a memorial ia favor of that route is now bains; got up, and wm shortly be circulated for signature in the Dartricts of Tackmorundie, Koolnnga, Bunda ker, ke^ when, I doubt not, the number of eignatures that will be attached will bear out tbe*v assertions. A meeting to advocate this line is to be held at Mr. Freebaim's farm on tbe 3rd proximo, which is to be attended by cereral people from Yacka. I understand a local mattn-, postal amngemente, is also to be dis cussed. Aa to their postal facilities, a few words suffice to sum them up—they have none. It is not improbable tint action will be taken oa tW Peninsula wtthreference to the extension of the Barunga line. Exception is being taken to tW aite chosen for the terminus, which is so situated that it is iuawwrihle to bnvily- Uden waggons from the northern side, being thus deprived of a main portion of its utility. Whyitaboald ham ben situated there rather rbaa on tbe low plains, a littie beyond, it is difficult to uitdarstaad Bumor has it that a wuw| Wa Wen asade eomudenbly beyond tW prenat ate, and laad reserntd, and tint a triangular block has been surveyed for a town ship near Black Point. The meeting at Oan dowie Plains will urge upon the Government to lay out a township there, as there is none in tbe district. All along the road to Yacka, through the districts, the crops are coming round splen didly, in many instances too fast, ami every where signs of the prosperity of the season are are being manifested. Sportsmen will be glad to learn that fat turkeys, wild ducks, and plover abound, and thess festive marsupisis, the kangaroos, are also very plentiful. The survey of the Barunga tine is dragging along but slowly, only close upon 10 miles out of the 26 having been c jmploteJ. The mention of this reminds me of the fact that a meeting was held on Saturday last, at the Wallaroo Mines to urge upon the G ivtsrnmaat tbe necessity of providin-r employment tp those recently thrown out of wjrk, and those who will shortly be. The depression of the copper market is being felt more and more. The tribute-workiugg are being stopped mi several of the mines, including GomeattheMoonta.and this latter Company has, I (fancy for the first time, not paid its usual quarterly dividend. The reason of this is not of course known, but it mayfairly be attribatad to the low price of copper. In view of this state of affairs, the miners regret the delay in comnifmcmg the construction of the Barunga Bailway in the face of the promises to that effect, now some weeks old, made by the Government. They have, however, spoken for themselves, and that temperately and reason ably. TW meeting to consider this matter was largely-attended, m jderate views were expressed, am. resolutions were passed urging upon the Government to commence the earthwork, aid throw it open to miners in small contracts for six or a docen men, or else to afford them em ployment in raising ballast. They expressed gratitude to tic people of Kadina, who had previously urged the point on their behalf, but thought it proper to act also in tbeir own behalf. It is to be hoped attention will be paid to their representations, and that early. A delay of a week or two is- not a matter of much moment to Government officials, but it is a very serious thing to a steady laboring man when he sees, to use a homely phrase, all going out aad nothing earning in. A few fresh contract! have been accepted for tucwork at the Wallaroo Mines, but tiey will not afford employment for many. Another event of importance has been a meeting held at Hall's Shaft, Moonta Mines, on Saturday last, to consider the reply of the Destitute Board to the communicationf orwarded by the deputation appointed on the mines. In my last I referred to this reply, and stated that the Boaid had upheld the action of their Believing-Cfficer. To this the deputation •uswered in effect that the Board's conception aud theirs of a proper dispensation of relief to tLe pcor widely differed. The meeting to con sider further action web largely attended. The epeekers, though warm in their dennnciations,did not exceed due limits. Resolutions were passed expressing the feeling of the people that the relief was inadequate, and it was resolved to lay ti>e matter before Parliament, through the members for the district. The general desire is tbat a local Board of Advice should be formed, by which means tbe fullest enquiry would be made into each case of destitution, aad justice would W secured. Those who ace taking action in the matter ap pear to W very earnest, and the Corporation of Moonta at their hut sitting passed a resolu tion promising their assistance in any measure appealing to the Governor and Executive to carry out section No. 27 of Act 26, of 1872 (TW Act by which the Board is regulated; this section providing for the constitution of such a. Board as advocated). Several of the CsonciUors commented very strongly on some of the statements in the lettea from the Desti tute Board. TW matter is fanning some stir. A public meeting was held on Monday, the 18th, at Green's Plains, as I mentioned in my last letter, to urge upon the Government to replace on the schedule the main road from Port Wakefield, taken off in consequence of the construction of the railway. A g joi deal of dismission took place, and it was eventually resolved to petition Government to replace it on tile schedule, aad grant £1,000 in the mean time Car its repair. A very animated discussion took plaoe ooiictrning the proper sites for rail way stations in the district, and a resolution was carried, but not without opposition, that there should be two stations—one on the Eastern and the other on the Western Plain. TW election of new Councillors and Auditors to the District Council takes place on Monday next, and the following nominations have boei received. For Councillors—Messrs. Wyatt, W. V. Brown. Grey, Price, D. Brown, Thomas, and Tait; and for Auditors—Messrs. Hosking, Train, Wyatt, and Franklin. These are to fill vacancies of four and two respectively. A little disputation occurred on the no nination-day, the Betnrning Officer holding that the nojuua tions for Councillorships were informal, but he eventually reconsidered the matter, and the election will proceed. A good deal has been said by the press as to the injudiciousness of preparing and signing a memorial praying that Charles Streitman.who has now been sentenced to death, may be re prieved. It is but right to state that this document was prepared for, and at the raqueit of his unfortunate wife, who has been soliciting eignatures herself. Those who have signed it have found it a difficult matter to refuse, had they been so disposed. A ghost, t.*-, aa ill- disposed and ill-minded person in a white sheet or garment, has been showing itself in Wallaroo. It is to be hoped the police will be successful in their efforts to discover the culprit, who might, perhaps, unin tentionally be tbe means of d >ing no small mischief. The streets of Wallaroo are bad enough on dark nights for ladies to walk about, without their being liable to be frightened to death by eo sorry a jester. The anniversary services of the Welsh Church Sabbath-school have been unusually successful. On Sunday the Institute Hall was crowded to overflowing, and people had to be turned away from the doors. Apublic meeting on Monday night was also very numerously attended. The children had thair treat this afternoon, and have been (as Axtemus Ward would say) "pro cessing" through the town with waving banners. and beaded by bands. tt is somewhat depressing to turn from this to tbe fact that three young boys have recently been convicted at the Police Court of commit ting petty tbefts from stores. On consideration of tbeir age they were let off on their fathers undertaking to chastise them soundly. We have had a good deal of rain lately in sfcowess, but not too much to be unpleasant, and 