? -1F ? THE MYSTERIES OP CRIME; OB, The Extebiekces of an Edimbuegh Detective. — No. LLX. [Published by special arrangement with the Author.] A THIEF TRAPPING A THIEF. I heard of the change in Mclndoe's mode of life, but not knowing thoroughly at the time the overwhelming causes that had been at work to bring it about, I placed little reliance on its continuance. It is common for an honest man to turn a thief, but verv uncommon for a thief to turn ' square.' But in this case I was agree ably disappointed — Hugh Mclndoe kept at it, week after week, month after month, till my admiration was excited, and I tried to get into conversation with him. But here another disappointment awaited me. Mclndoe's whole manner and nature seemed changed, and now he resolutely shunned society and conversation in ? every form. He worked like a slave, hardly every spoie, saw no one, and, when not working or sleeping, spent the few remaining moments of his time in wandering gloomily through our darkest wyiids and closes. I used to meet him thus at all hours — very late at night, and very early in the morning — so much so, that I sometimes faintly won dered to myself if he ever found time to sleep; but upon these occasions he inva riably avoided me, gliding past me stern and silent, more like a dark shadow than a living, breathing man. One night, how ever, to my surprise, he did not go past, but gripped me hard and fast by the arm. 'I haven't forgotten you, Jamie McGovan,' he said in a fierce whisper. ' I never forget anything. All your words came back on me like a judgment ; would to God I had believed them when you spoke. I may give you some work one o' these nights. I have waited and watched so long and so patiently — and sometimes, if it had not been for my hard work, I think I should have gone mad. But I mean to begin soon — soon !' ' Begin what, Hughie ?' I asked, peering curiously into his face, not quite certain but that his troubles had touched his brain. ' To hunt them down !' he hoarsely cried, gripping my arm harder than ever, and fiercely waving the other hand through the darkness. 'They took my Kate and my wee Tommy — hunted them down — killed them — and left me lone and desolate. By all the laws of God and man they deserve to be punished — routed out — scattered like chaff before the wind — and I will do it.' 'lam very sorry ? ' I began. 'I know you are — but don't speak of them — it makes me mad !' he cried, with a look of anguish. 'But, remember my words. They think I've forgotten all, and settled down tamely to a new life. Ha, ha, ha ! Let them think so — let them dream of security till they find me down on them like a wolf. Good-bye. Don't notice me on the street.' With this incoherent roll of words, and almost before his wild laugh had died away, he was off, leaving me confused and uncer tain, but still knowing enough to pity him keenly. How I next saw him brings me directly to the subject of this paper. A few days after this strange interview, a most remarkable railway I'obbery was reported to .us at the Head Office. It seemed that one of our large jeweller firms in Princes-street, having executed an order for a number of silver cups and other smaller prizes for a Glasgow flower show, had safely packed the whole in a tin box or casket, made specially for them, and secured with two small padlocks, and con signed the whole to the railway for con veyance, after duly notifying to the reci pients the exact hour and train by which they might be expected. This happened to be a few weeks before Christmas, when nearly every train was overcrowded with parcels, and, in consequence, the tin box was crowded, along with a great number more of parcels and boxes, into the guard's break van. This place had shelves round three eides for the systematic arrangement of parcels with regard to their destinations, and on the lowest of these shelves was placed tbe heavy tin box wrapped in brown paper, and, after a fashion considered wise by1 jewellers, bearing no mark to indicate the valuable nature of its contents. The guard knew it was there, for he had lifted it in off tlie hurly with his own hands, and distinctly remembered sayinar as he did so, ' That's a heavy one ;' but afterwards box after box and parcel after parcel arrived, till he was completely shut away' from the sjiot. As soon as the train was in motion lie lifted the lantern and caref ulty turned its glare on every shelf in the van, find was afterwards firmly of opinion not only that the tin box was there exactly where he bad placed it, but that no one but himself could possibly be secreted in the van ; then be placed the lantern at tbe very end of the shelf, with its glare turned on tbe break-wheel, which princi pal!}' occupied bis attention during the remainder of tbe journey. And yet, when tbe train ran into Glas gow, and the jeweller's order of consign ment was presented at the very van door, tbe box was gone ! Tbe guard, pale and perspiring at the discovery, -was hard to convince of the truth. ' I know it's here somewhere,' he said, feverishly, shining the lantern into erery nook and. corner, and wildly turning over boxes and parcels of every kind in the vain search. ' I know it, because I put it there myself.' Every parcel and box was turned out, counted, and compared -with tbe book — every one was safe but that most eagerly sought for and demanded — the tin bos was gone. Tbe loss -was too serious to be brooked for a moment, and instantly a tele frani of enquiry was dispatched to Edin urgk to learn if the box' might not have been left behind. The reply settled all. It was simply, ' The guard knows that he got it.' Suspicion was at once excited. ' What was easier,' reasoned the despoiled parties, ' than for the guard, knowing the value of the tin case, to drop it bodily out of the van to some confederate at a lonely part of the way ? The whole thing is clear as day — arrest him !' Arrested accordingly he was, and then his memory became quickened regarding a strange incident on the -way. His state ment — which I regret to say was coolly set down as an absurd romance of his own con coction — was that wben the train was about half-way, an unusual noise at the other end of the van caused him to start round in the midst of reading something out of a torn scrap of newspaper. The light was uncertain, being, as I have stated, turned full on tbe break- wheel ; but the momentary impression of the guard was, that be saw a bead — that of a man, clothed in a fur cap — dive down from inspecting the lower shelves, and hide behind the lit ter of boxes on the floor. Slightly startled, but almost certain that his eyes bad de ceived kirn, the guard turned and leant over tbe boxes to peer down behind, but saw nothing to confirm the momentary glimpse. What he might have seen had he lifted the lantern, and turned its glare full down in tbe darkness, of course, is quite another thing. However, be that as it may, his impression was that no one lay hidden . behind the boxes, and that tbe missing box was then still on the shelf where he him self bad placed it. In this state the case was laid before us, and I must say that it mystified us thoroughly. Even allowing the strange story of the guard to be true, how was it possible for a fur-capped man to get into the van without being seen, and then get out again bearing a heavy box, with the train going at full speed and a watchful guard never out of the van? True, the van had two doors — one on each side -, but then tbe one in use was securely locked, with the upper half or window, it was said, firmly secured on tbe inside; and, even supposing the guard's back to be turned and his hearing dulled while en gaged at the break- wheel, it could only Tiotto noon r\TT on aTawicn n¥ 4-lt/i rmsici- eni._ prising agility that a man could have darted out from behind the boxes, swung out through the window, and escaped. While we were thus puzzling ourselves, and the case looking very dark for the poor guard, the report of the affair got into the papers, and set another a-thinking as well. That other was Hugh Mclndoe. The daring and clean manner m which the robbery had been effected he could attribute to but one cause — the personal presence and skill of his invisible enemy, Th» Ruffian. Now was the time to strike — the very thought of it sent a thrill of wild delight and fierce excitement through his veins — but how was the mystery to Be laid bare and the thief hunted down? After long and deep thought he decided to em ploy a second hand — a thief, it is true, but one blessed with an utter absence of scruples of any kind. This was Simon Penbank, the third of the three characters I promised to introduce. This man was a seedy, shabby-genteel beggar, or loafer, or thief — whichever came handiest or best suited him for the moment. He was the coolest customer, I believe, that it was possible to meet with anywhere. To revile him as a thief, a swindler, a cheat, or a liar, was only to praise him, and, far from exciting Mb anger, would only call forth his thanks in the shape of a neat little set speech — for, having been a man of som« education, he was always exact and per spicuous in his language to a nicety. Nothing could disturb him. He lived in a world of his own, treacherous as water and false as Satan in all his dealings, with a crave for drink perfectly insatiable ; and I believe if he had actually been brought to the sallows he would have Rurvevfld fb« crowd 'with a benign look, urbanely offer ing his arm to tbe chaplain in ascending the scaffold, with some cool remark about the character of the weather or the density of the crowd. This was the man to whom Mclndoe turned for help. He hunted him out in his favorite haunt, a low public-house in the Cowgate, and sternly repressing all his ful some demonstrations of friendship, opened up his business. Simon Penbank leoked very grave in deed till the mention of the word ' money?' when every pimple on his face instantly flashed with enthusiasm in the new cause. 'Sir,' he said, attempting to seize and shake Mclndoe's hand, '1 will be most, happy to /serve you.' . 'Ae long as my money lasts!' bitterly rejoined the reformed thief- Penbank opened his eyes to. their widest. .. ' Exactly/'lie said, wiih,ihe utmost cool ness. 'You surely did not for r a moment suppose otherwise ? I am a creature of circumstances. To-day I serve you — you? pay me — all good and well. To-morrow t^r turn my attention to someone ehe — some- one with less skill or cunning than mvself— from whom I steal, beg, or borrow, and so get through the day in comfert and peace. Next day I may — ah, who can foretell the exigencies of life ? — I may betray you, should anyone richer bid for you or vour possessions. Sad necessity — none would lameut it more than myself !' ' I understand you perfectly,' calmly re plied Mclndoe ; ' I knew your worth before I decided to employ you. You may begin when you like to betray me ; I have nothing to lose now.' 'Nay, that. does not follow,' quickly re joined the seedy villain, softened a little iii. spite of himself by the look of agony that crossed the dark face before him; 'it is not probable that I shall betray you, it is only possible. You see, I lire from hand to mouth — from day to day — exacting tribute alike from friend and foe. My plan is much derided by the world, but it is philosophy — it is life. My whole life has been devoted to studying the comfort and convenience of Number One. Can yea blame me ?' 'And you will even, for the sake of Number One, help me to cope and jug Number Two — 1 mean The Kuffian r* quickly added Mclndoe. Simon Penbank paled to the tip of his red nose, and, starting up and looking fear fully around, laid his linger impressively on his lip. ' I didn't say that,' he whispered with a. shiver. ' No, I didn't say The Ruffian.' ' What have you to fear, man ? It is I who run the risk, if there is any; you are only to be the spy or go-between. At any rate, you will try to discover the author of '~ this robbery, the means used, and the fate of the swag?' ' I will — if you pay me well. But I think you are wrong' in supposing the active hand to be The Ruffian s. No, he's too wise to incur the risk — be might plan it, indeed, but the actual worker is more likely to be Mizzling Scroby — and, you know, he wears a fur cap when at work.' '? Well, he too shall come down by the run !' fiercely returned Mclndoe, for a mo ment forgetting himself. 'He and his wife were the most active in hunting down poor Kate — turn about is fair play. ' ' If it is Scroby, I will help you with all my heart,' vetgefully rejoined'Simpn Pen bank, fumbling excitedly at the lapel of his seedy black coat, as was his habit when roused. u The ignorant brute had once the audacity to insult me — me, who am so im measurably his superior'' Little more passed between them. Some money went from the hand of Hugh Mclndoe into tbe other's pocket, Simon laid his hand on his heart, raised the shabby hat on his head, and made his politest bow ; and so they parted. But Simon Penbank was as active as he was needy, and only a few nights after the above compact he burst in on Hugh Mclndoe, breathless with the unwonted exertion and brimful of information. ' Speak, man, speak I' cried Mclndoe, as the seedy spy coughed and choked before him, apparently unable to get out a single word. ' What have you discovered?' Simon Penbank raised his eyes, held out his open hand, and suggestively scraped the palm with the tips of his fingers. ' Oh, you want money first ?' hurriedly continued Mclndoe, thrusting some coins into bis hand at random. ' I might have known it — greedy as the grave.' ' Greedier — much greedier,' coolly cor- - rected the seedy spy, as he pocketed the money. 'The grave exacts but occa sional mouthf uls — I am incessantly on the crave.' ' The news ?— the news ? Don't chatter, but out with it.' ' WelL The Ruffian planned the railway lift, and Scroby worked it out.' 'How?' 'Simply enough. It was announced ra the papers that Messrs. ? were to makti tlie prize cups, and The Ruffian had thej shop watched for some days before they, were sent off. Scroby got in by the other side of the van while the guard was chat ting on the platform before the train started, and then threw out tbe box before they were half-way, arid got out after it by the window while the guard was looking out at the other at some -signals they were ? passing. Scroby hurt his knee and face in jumping off the train, but he was. well, enough to go back and pick up the tin box, . which he buried till the next day, wheB they sent for it and squared up.' ' And where's the swag?' 'All through the melting-pot and off to Glasgow, except two ot three' of the smaller things which may be stalled here for more money.' 'Good, good! that'll do! — one article would do, for that part, so that it can be identified as belonging to the plunder,' feverishly returned Mclndoe. ' Now here is your work, and you must say at once decidedly whether you will do it or not. If you deal double with me it will be the last time for a stretch of twenty years that you will cheat anybody. Ay, flush up' as you like — Tm in. earnest, nay, desperate ; but so long as you do my bidding fora fair Jrice you have nothing to fear from me. fid the others but know what hangs over them they would give something for the privilege of changing places with you.' Simon Penbank humbly laid the rim of his shabby hat against bis left breast and. bowed low. For once in bis life he had met his match. He leered up in astonish ment at the changed character before him, and mingled with the astonishment was now a wholesome amount of cringing fear. .'What I want you to do. is to go to Scroby and tell him you have found a gen tleman willing to buy all the stuff that has not gone through the melting-pot— a gentleman, fond of such. - nicknacks, and not over particular as to where they «ome from.' ,-? . 'Risky — but -good. Planning power above average,' said Simon Penbank, 'ap- provingly, as if making mental estimate of bis emplpyei'Sfintelleet. ' WelL What nextf ::..-. : . . ,77 ;77 . . ... 'Mert you must get him to put the things in his pocbete-^or conceal them about his person in some way — and come to the Clanishell stair, in the High-street, at 12 p'clock to-night exactly, to meet the gentleman and make tbeiargain.' ' Good again, with the exception of one little flaw,' approvingly retained the«eedy spy. 'Suppose ^e/^ntleman'; shqula make A mistake and Jiab'm.e /as well'?' ' . 'f The gentleman .wIEySwrf nab you. I tare already given yoitiny word to that '— ' ? ; — , ...' ..' . ^^-.-.^ 'effect* andyou-don't need to be remiiiijJ ? :that -with me that is as good.as a solemn oath,' calmly returned Mcfr^yo.. 'I'm glad vou understand me — it Bares a waste ?of words. : I^meto' to torn 8cr6l)y firsf — The Ruffian shall follow, 4htfugh I should -lie in the act of striking at him. You Dear him no goodwill either, Til swear ?' Simon i^iBenbank shuffled and changed colo^tifaedctreaded name. ? Won't know,' he uneasily answered, speaking, in a cautious 'whisper. ? *: II it cojuld-be safely done, I don't deny hut I would ljjke;to iielp him into quod. Bat the rifik^-jpbnfflder, the risk. I have but one sklnrand my desire is to preserve it whole and intact.-' This was nearly all their conversation. Some more money changed Lands between them, and they got down from the garret and parted at the head of the Horse Wynd — Penbank to depart on his curious mis sion, and Mclndbe to take his way 'up the back of the College and the Potterrow to my 'house. It was now near ten o'clock, and the ^streets were getting empty, but there were still some abroad, who noted curiously the excited gestures and gleaming eyes of the reformed thief as he strode along througli the darkness, talking volubly to himser and , waving his clenched hands, as if struggling with imaginary foes. I was at home, comfortably ensconced before a glowing fire reading a very attrac tive boqkV and certainly could not have looked more surprised if a ghost had been ushered into . my presence. Mclndoe's face was pale and bloodless, -while his sunken eyes Bhone with a strange fire which I had never seen in them before; kJmthe had no smile in reply to mine — he merely motioned me to rise^ saying— 'Get on your things and come with me. I am going to put into your hands the man ?who lifted. Ike prize cups from the railway van last week, with some of the plunder as well. The most of it has gone through the melting-pot, but there's enough left for a conviction.' This speech electrified me in a moment, and I eagerly whipped on my things, ques tioning him incessantly the while, and get ting at part but not all of what I have already narrated. We cut along George IV. Bridge to the Head Office, and long before twelve o'clock had planted, ourselves on the first flat of the Clamshell stair, with two or three auxiliaries on the other side of the street to close in when the game was trapped. At twelve o'clock exactly, Penbank and Scroby came out of the Happy Land, and were followed up the High-street by McSweeuy, the seedy spy chattering and joking to his victim the whole way, as if treachery with him was only a pleasure. At the bottom of the stair they paused, and McSweeny instantly ducked into a close-mouth on the other side of the street. ' Now, m bid you good-night, or rather good-morning/' cheerfully remarked Simon Penbank, offering the cracksman his hand. ' You'll find him upon the first flat, and you can make your bargain without me.' 'Slop,' growled Scroby, clutching him hard by the arm ; ' you're not the safest cove iu the world. There might be' a screw loose, so just come up wi' me and introduce us,' and as he forcibly drew the slender arm of the traitor within his own and dragged him up the steps, there was nothing for Simon Penbank but to hide his' fear under a smiling exterior. At the top of the first stair Mcludoe touched the cracksman on the arm. ' The things — where are they ?' he said, in his ordinary tones, but changed indeed from when Scroby had known them. ' Here,' unsuspiciously answered Scroby, fumbling in Ms pockets, and producing an exquisitely-finished silver bird, resting on a tiny bunch of flowers — then an inkstand, set on a solid block of cairngorm— and then a number of smaller articles. ' That's the lot — yours for ten quid.' ~ Mclndoe put forth his hands andgrasped, not the jewellery, but the throat of the astonished cracksman.. ;???..-. ...-.'?; . 'Now, cruel, merciless monster, I have you at last !' he -almost screamed, and at the samei?m^nent X Juraed back the slide of the lantern in my: hjwdj and Scroby, ?with his eyes almost starting from . his head, dropped the plunder nervously on the stone stair. . - : 'Trapped 1' he gasped, and then, with a great wrench, he tried to break free, but at the moment it was not a man but a demon that held him, and he might as well have tried to batter down Salisbury Crags. Mclndoe's grasp at his throat only tightened, till there was some danger of the .burglar being strangled on the spot. Simon Penbank looked on with a smile, cheerfully rubbing his hands. 'Better give; in, Scroby,' he advissd.* 'It's Hugh Mclndoe, and you kaow -what he owes you. Consider yourself nabbed.' ?-._-. , . ' ' ; ' Blast you !' roared the captured thief, as I snagged the handcuffs on his. strug gling wnsfe, and the -others swarmed: up the stair from outside; and surrounded us. ' Blast you, ? you've betrayed me!' -'??'/ ' Betrayed you?' echoed Penbank5 coolly opening his eyes, and perking him self up to his highest. t' Betrayed you? Of course I; have.' 'Traitor, aren't you ashamed of your self ?'' continued Scroby. . - - ' Ashamed of myself !' echoed, the seedy spv, looking fromface to face as' if, for an explanation' of the word. ' Sir, I rejoice to say that shame is a thing utterly unknown to me.' *' Never mind; Til pay you back for it some dayr' hissed the other. 'I think not,' was the placid reply. ' This little affair will be at least a tenner to you, and before that period has elapsed in all probability I will be gathered to my fathers.' ' You may hope so, for if you're not Til gatJier you F -vengefully cried the thief, as we lugged him down the stair, after pick ing up the valuable plunder. ' But don't build yourself up too much — I have friends who will help me put, and when they do, my first visit will be to your traitor's carcase.' The seedy spv placed his hat on his breast and bowed low. ?. ; ' I shall be honored by your visit,' was his cool rejoinder, and then he walked away, humming cheerfully to himself, while Scroby was taken in and locked up. But, ccol and unconcerned though' he r - continued to appear, Penbank was in reality set on the fidgot by Scroby'a threat, and kept prowling anxiouBly about the Head Office and down the close behind — into \- which looked the barred windows of the lock-up — in away that seemed very amusing tome. . .. -?? ' Tbe'yery night after the jcapture, as a quick cut for honie^ I was darting down.the ?close, when I caught sight of a grim figure ;in the shade of a common stair, facing the windows of the locli-up, and a low whistle arrested my steps and drew me to his'side, when I recognised Penbank. __ . .: ' What on earth are you doing here ?'' I asked. His reply was to point up to a narrow grated window in the lock-up. ' Do you see that window ?' he asked. 'Yes.' ' Do you know who's in there ?' ' Upon my soul I do not.' ' Then I'll tell you— it's Scroby.' 'Welljwhatof that?' ' NoUnnjj ; only Fm watching him.' I laughed heartily. - 4'ABd:what goodwill that do you?' -I asked, etill smiling. ' Never mind,' he darkly returned. 'I'll tell you after he's tried, Good night.' Off I ran, wondering at his tone of offended dignity, and soon forgot all about the odd meeting. Before many hours had elapsed, Jiowever,- 1 was reminded of it with a vengeance, and in- this wise — About one o'clock McTndoe was roused up in his 'garret by a thundering knock at the door, and the moment he had opened it in rushed Simon Penbank, looking con siderably more excited than was his wont. ' Well, what's up ?' he roughly de manded. 'The string is, and the files after it !:J cried the breathless spy. ' Tour ? laughed at me before, but come and - see for yourself. I don't know how they had got the string in, but I saw it come dangling down, with a bit of lime to sink it, and then out darted The Fuffi.au — I am .certain it was he — fastened on the files and a message, and then cut down the close and disappeared. He must be gone for a rope — for Scroby is tearing away like mad at the bars with the file. Come on, and we may nab them both !' Five minutes after, a thundering succes sion of knocks rouseo me out of a dream less slumber, and, thinking the house was afire, I rushed to the door in my night shirt, and then recognised Mclndoe, as he grasped my hand and hoarsely whispered — ' On with your things, and fly along to the office by George IV. Bridge ! It's to capture The Ruffian ! Quick !' He was gone like a -flash, and after a minute I found myself dressed and tearing along to the Office through the empty streets as fast as I could run. I reached the Office, found Mclndoe in waiting, and listened to Penbank's story. Five men ?were all we could get together in the Office, but these were all hardy and reliable, and one by one slipped away down the close behind and silently took up the positions I had allotted them. Penbank and Mclndoe occupied the common stair already men tioned, exactly opposite Scroby's cell, and there I joined them. For fuliy a minute after every sound of my footsteps had died away I could hear or see nothing of a suspicious nature. Penbank's ear was quickest. ' S — st ! there it's again !' he whispered, .and then we distinctly heard the scrape, scraping of a file overheard, and even fancied we could faintly discern the steady movement of the tool itself. The close iteelf was silent as the grave, and no one passing carelessly down could have dreamt that eight men lurked about ready to pounce on the greatest pest that ever slunk over our streets. Nearly an hour passed in this way, and then a Jight footfall from below sent our hearts a-throbbing. An old man, bent with age, was creeping noiselessly up the close under the shadow of the opposite wall. Patiently and breathlessly we watched him till he was exactly opposite Scroby's cell, when he paused, produced a bulky hank of rope from under his coat, got off the pave ment to signal to the worker above, and then suddenly started and held his breath. I don't know what had caught his ear — perhaps a shuffle of our feet, a hard-drawn breath, or a gleam of Mclndoe's eyes, which shone red in the dark — but, determined not to Io3e him,. I whistled sharp and shrill, while Mclndoe and Penbauk rushed upon him with a shout, and instantly became a con fused mass of struggling limbs. I was following suit, and the hidden men were springing out behind me, when there was a sudden crashing blow, a whisk and a dash, and then a shadow flew from the spot with such extraordinary speed that we scarcely heard the patter of the swift footsteps. I could hardly believe my own eyes. The *! old' man was gone, leaving; the white wig on the ground, along with the coil of rote and the sand-bag with which he had felled Mclndoe, who lay stretched on the ground white and insensible, while Penbank .was squirming about, yelling like murder from ine effects of a vicious kick he had re ceived in the stomach. 'After him, men; run for your lives!' I shouted, and then, as their heavy feet clat tered away over the stones, I stooped and raised Mclndoe. ? He moaned painfully as he opened his eyes, \ and at first I thought he was se riously hurt; but his first words reassured me — 'He struck nie down — another debt added to the list. Curses on it! where were your eyes and hands ?:- ' Where they are now,' I replied helping him to his feet. ' Y-es — gripping the wrong man,' he bit terly rejoined. 'Never mind/' I cheerfully returned; 'they are after him now; he may be brought in in ten minutes.' ' Ten fiddlesticks ! You'll not see him again for months. Oh, what a chance we've ilost!' ' It may come again,' I remarked. 'May?— it shall!' he shouted, with gleaming eyes ; ' I live for it !' I helped him home in silence after get ting his head doctored at the Office, and saw him no more till the day of Scroby's trial. The men I had sent in pursuit of The Ruffian dropped in one by one, utterly exhausted but unsuccessful, and in the meantime Scroby had been interrupted in his; interesting work, thoroughly searehted, and transferred to a cell where all his in genuity would avail him nothing in any attempt of the kind. ' The'trialday came round, and then, with Hugh Mclndoe in the witness- box telling ail he knew' of Scrobys past life, and the damning evidence of the stolen jewellery besides., we had a clear case ; and in spite of an able defence by a clever lawyer, \- Scroby was sentenced,; to ten-yeara' -penal servitude.*1 Hugh Mclndoo was hightyneom plimented tythe Cour_t for his dash and daring, as well jas for the modest and intel ligent manner in which his'- evidence was given. He flushed up, and, pointing towards Scroby, said simply — : 'My 'Lord, that man is a confirmed thief, and safe only in prison. But, bad as you think him, there's aaother far worse to follow — I mean the man -who planned the robbery and attempted to arrange his escape. I have not accomplished all — I have only begun.' {To le continued.) 