(From tho Brisbane Courier.) Sydney, MAroh G. In an action in tho Supremo. Oonrt of tho Qtieonslnnd - National Bank versus G'Dowd, to rcoovcr for a broach of agroomont in not acoopting a hill of exchango, a verdict was re turned for the defendant. A man named Falls and liis wifo havo been committed lor trial on tho oharge of tho wilful murdor of a man namod Duinphy. A third suspected participator iu tho Ooolah bauk robbery has boon arcstcd. Later. Mr. E. C. Graokuoll, Superintendent of Tclc- graelis was to-day presented by his personal frionds with a silver cup aud a purso "of 300 sovereigns, as an expression of wolcomo on liis return from England. Melbourne, March 6. Hastings, for tho Frankston murder, haB boon soatonced to bo hanged. Tho weather boing flue, there was a good attondauoo at tlio raoes at Flennington. VICTORIA RAGING OLUB. Autumn Meeting. Hurdle Rage. — 10 sovs. each, with 200 addod ; about 3 miles. Mr. Inglis' oh.g. Gorong, 4 years . . . . I Mr. 0. Jamos' bl.m. Alice Hathorno, aged. . 2 Mr. W. Yillo's b.g. Lurrikin 3 Asoot Vale Stakes.— 20 sovs. each, with 200 addod ; J.milo ; 2 years old. Mr. J. Wilson's b.o. Frst King, by King of the Ring — Mischief . . 1 Mr. R: Sorvior's br.c. Salisbury, by Tim Whifllor— Jessica 2 Mr. H. Phillips' b.c. Pluto, by Panic — Miss Mclbourno .. .. 3 Brunswick Stakes.— 6 sovs. eaoli, with 160 added ; ljmilo. Mr. S. Mahoun's b.g. Peorloss, 3 years . . 1 Mr. G. Lingstone's bl.m. Barmaid, 3 years 2 St, Lboer Stakes. — 26 sovs. oaoh, with 300 addod ; 1 mile. Mr. J; Tait's b.f. Adelaide, by Pania— My th 1 Mr. R Sevior's br.f. Sibly, by Tim Wbiffler — Jessica .. 2 Mr. J. Wilson's br.f. Brisois, by Tim Whifllor — Musidora 3 Six.startors. Won by a short longth. Timo, 2 mins, 26J seconds. Wellington, March g. At Otago the criekot matoh with tho All- England Elcvori resulted in n draw. Imme diately afterwards l'oloy was larrosted for wil fully dainagiug property at Christohurch, and remanded, te appear thorc on March 12. Bail allowed. Meteorological. — Tho reports of tho rain fall for tho 24 hours grocoding S) a.m. yester day stated to bo— at St. Lawrence, 135, Nobo, 0-20 ; Maokay, 2/83 ; Tambo, .0-80 ; Townsvillc, 0'83 ; Waterviow, 350 ; Cardwcll, 1"15 ; Cashmoro, 0-10 ; Junction Crook, 0'3-l ; Goorgo Town, 0'31; Gilbert, 017 ; Normantou, 1'20 ; Kimborloy, 0-20. At Springsuro hoavy rain foil during tho night, nnd at Maryborough, Gladstono, Colluroy, Cape Capricorn mid Durah, appoaroucos douotod rain. Oun CoNTEMroRARYi—It is roally a pity to spoil, by oritioisiiit'subh' q inafenifioont outburst of .rhodothontadqj/da tbatfvwlth whioh it pleased tihe Editor; of tho Bulletin, on Saturday last,' to tro'it his roadors. ' With 'that oharming caadour an<l disihtorostodrioss for whioh ho is so riolnbrated, he devotes a Bomowhut longthy paragraph to a pauogyrio upou himsolf, which to road is dclootablo but to imitate despair. Ho ovidontly boliovos iu the axiom " That tho world knows nothlug of its groatoat raon," und Huporior to tho vulgar prejudice that " On thoir own merits modost mon aro dumb,'' blows his trumpot in a strain whioh is us amusing as it 1b odifying. His inodbsteatimato of liimsalf aud his '' oommoroial position " will no doubt draw.upon him tho congratulation as Woll as tho onvy of tho Oolonial Press, whioh cannot but regard this phainix (whioh rose from tho ashos of tho Bulletin Limited Liability Oompany), with footings of tho in- tensest admiration and wondor. Tho para graph in question, amongst othor thingd, rotors to tho Brisbane Telograph falling foul of tho' Bulletin, "and iu dofault of nrgumont," aoous- iug Us editor (whioh ?) of having "committed hiniRolf to tho squuttiug purty so thoroughly Hint', kn nut tnll f Vi n frit Ml in Vita nntino if tho truth militates against his frionds." It suroly roquiros no argument te provo tho truth of this assortion. Whoa Mr. Stovonsou told tho houso in tlio proson'oo of tho propriotor of tho Bulletin that tho pooplo of Rookhainptou didn't want tho bridgo ovor tho Fitzroy — did our Mombor toll tlio truth thon in his pupor " lost it Bhould militate against ' his ' friend," tho mombor for Clermont P It may bo liurd hitting on ' tho part of tho Telegraph, but it is only too woll dosorvod, and nouo know it hotter than tho Editor of tho Bulletin himsolf, and wrigglo ub bo" may bo' oaunot wrigglo out of it. That ho is not " committed to any party" aftor tlio way iu whioh ho has toadiod »nd tufted tho Opposition, and liakod tho duet oS tho foot of thoir loador for tho promised billot of tho Po9tuiuster-Gouorul, is simply a pieoo- of brazen offrontory nnd qaito on a par with his oharaotiziug his opponents as billet huntors, when it Is notori ous/that ho has boon writiug for a billot for tho last throe years, aud still writes in tho hope, (through hefs gradually turning round us tho ehauccs aro against him) of gotting ouo. Does ho flatter himsolf that tlio public nro suah fools, as not to havo arrivod at a just estimate of his political probity long siuoo ? oris ho one of thoso political sandpipers, whioh, when ohasod, bury th'oir lioads in tho sand and think nobody boos thorn. Ho wont iu for plnoe, stakod all upon tlio hazard of tho dio, aud lost— but tho crowning piooo of folly is iu tho concluding soutouoo of his paragraph, for tho simplo reason that it iB too cvidont a puff to go down. I-Io tells his roaders that " in a oommoroial sonso, tho Bulletin fta if. in tlm 91 id nzi_ mittod (by whom ?) to bo tho second journal iu tho oolony,"— if this is not tho puff direct, wo should liko to know wliatis. If tho Bulletin's tho second— God liolp tho first, that's all— wo wondor what tho Telegraph, tho D. D. Gazette, tho Maryborough Chronicle, tho Warwick Argus and othor papors wo could mention, say to this. Its a poor cook tlint can't crow on his own dunghill, but, lio may clap his tyings too loudly. Customs.— Tho rovenuo collootod at thi9 port for tho week onding 10th instunt amounted to £1748"ls. 8d. . Enquiry.— Tho enquiry into tho oiroum- stauoos , oonuootcd with' , tlio death of Mrs. Hopkiu'B was adjourned until to-day, for further ovidonoo. Mail Notice.— Mails for St. Lawrence aud Maokay, per Yarralla, will oloso— for rogistored lottors at 4, and for ordinary lottors at 6 p.m. this day ; and for Brisbauo, intermediate ports, Australian Colonios, Now Zealand, and Fiji, por Lady Bowon— for rogistored lottors at 0, and for ordinnry lottors at 8 this ovouing. Northern Railway.— Tho following shows tho inoroaso in tho wool traffic on tho lino sinoo 1875 During tho ,3 wooks onding tho 10th of tho manth, thoro has boon brought down 1834 balos, and siuoo tho 1st January, 1877, 3370 balos. Total during tho yoar I87G, .13,071 ; total during tho yoar 1875, 10,212. This of courso is altogothor iudepondout of tho wool whioh couos down by toams. Justices' Roster. — Tho following is tho list of justicos' for attendance at tho l'olioo Court during ,hc wock : — Monday, March 12th, C. H. Buzapott, W. Callaghau; Tuesday 13th, J: K. Cannan, S. B. Davis; Wednesday 14th, A. Fooz, John Ferguson ; Thursday I5tb, C. Harden, J. Hoadriolc; Friday lGtli, R. M. Hunter, F. H. Huntor, F. H. Hoblor ; Saturday 17th, Honry Jones, F. Kiluor. School of Arts.— Members of tho Sohool of Arts who aro two quarters in arroar with thoir payments, nro wo prossumo awaro that by rulo 14, thoir supply of books can ho stopped ; thoroforo it would bo as woll for thoso who aro bohiud baud with thoir orowns, and who oaunot do without their aunual quantum of miscellaneous roadiug, to wait upon Mr. Cumming tho soorotary, nt ouoe, and got out of dobt. Rainfall.— Wo learn that tho rain whioh as fallen on onr coast and othor surrounding distriots during Fobruary, lias far exocedod that whioh filo in, tho neighborhood of Bustard Hond, tho total amouut then not oxccodod I.in 58' on sovon wot days. This loads to tho conclusion, that tho lighthouso is too far from tho courso range to roooivo tho same average of raiufnll as it does. Tho small quantity of rainfall of rain whioh Las fallen in Rookliampton, and its immediate vicinity, this summer, has callod forth many surmisos as to tlio case, partioularly as tho woathor has boon muggy and warm, aud tho sky invariably hiddon by dcuso masses of clouds, whioh occasionally spit a littlo, and thon broak away to ho followod by othors. Hospital Benefit.— With a liborality whioh lias ovor markod his doalings with tho Rookhampton pooplo, and which has not boon always gonerously rospouded to, Mr. Ashtou follows up his bonoflt to the Benevo lent Sooioty, by ouo on Monday night for tho Hospital. It would ho hut a poor rotarn for aots of real bouovolonoo of tho hospitnl com mittee did not mako a hotter show, than did that of tho Bouovolout Sooioty. Tho woathor oortainly looked on Friday ovouing gloomy, but an activa oanvassiug iu a courso wo havo all at hoart, would wo think liavo rosultcd in tho salo of n largo uumber of tiakots— although many of thoso who purchased might uot havo attended tho oirous. Tho liospitnl funds aro not too flush, nnd thirty or forty .pounds aro not to bo sn'cozod at now-a-days'. Rosidcs tho aalls mado upon tlio gouoral publio purso for amusomonts aro not vory numorous, nud if by patronising them wc oan nt ouco spond an hour or two agreeably, und furthor a good and oharitably objoot, thon it becomes us nil to mako an olfort, not to rondor oursclvos ro- marknbly by our nbsonoe. If wo contrast Mr. Ashton's liborality with that of tho proprietors of other circusos wo could montiou, wo shall find hint coining oil with flying colors. Found Drowned.— -About ton o'olook on Saturday night, tho night wnt'ohman— Nood- liam nnd othor porsqns, whilo passing tho bank of tho rivor, 'opposite tho forry stops, woro attrnotod by ories Issuing from tho looality, and, on proooodiug to tho spot, dcoriod a hat float ing in tho wator, about fiftoon yards from tho forry stops, upon whioh thoy sout for tho polioo, who oamo down and draggod tho rivor, near tho bank, for a oouplu of hours, bat being tinablo to find anything, doforrod thoir soaroh till tho morniug, when thoy rooommonood at a littlo aftor 6, assisted by sorao othor constables, and sooing somothiug dark within a short diBtnnoo of tho surfaoo of tho water, thoy wont out in a boat to it and found that it wob a man's lioad and. that tho figure was oroot, tho foot stioking flrinly in tho mud; nnd with somu difficulty, suoli was tho tonaoity of tho mud, mnnnged to drag out tho body whioh provod to bo that of Mr. Potor Swift, fatlior of Mr. Swift, blaoksmith, of this town'. Tho P.M. and Dr. Snlmond woro in attondauoo shortly uftor six, and nftor examining tho body ordorod 'it to bo roBtorod to tho iriends of tho doooasod, but will hold an enquiry into tho matter to-day. .Thoro was a slight mark on uuu ui iiiu uyus ana udoug tno noao, Due tnesO' aro supposod to havo boon occasioned by tho grappling irons, tho night provious. Tho ' do ooasod was interred yostorday, and tho funoral cortege was uuusunlly largo, oonsisting of uonrly 200 horaomon nnd u largo numbor of voliiolos. Billiard Tournament — Tlio billiard toariu- inonthold in thowoll known lists of tho European Hotel, Mr. Mortimer, noting as marshal, camo to a oloso on Thursday ovoning lust, tho owner's nnrno boing as groat a mystery — to thoso not bohiud tho aurtniu — as was that of Riohard Caiur-do-lion, wlion ho lovollod tho bulky Front-do-boouf, and followed Atholstano tho unready. Tho tilting was not of vory first- olass order, still it excited a vory groat doal of interost; A largo number of spcotntors woro prosont, and tlio utmost order and docorum was obsorved throughout. Spotting tho winner woro not a vory difficult thing to do aftor half-an-hour had passed, but still hopo whis pered hor flattering talo into tho oars of thoso who woro gradually falling furthor into tho roar, nud kopt up tho Bpirits of thoso who had ventured to back thom. The interest takon iu tho tournament Biuco tlio list woro thrown opon iu Janunry last, has boon vory groat, and tho wntoliing tlio coiners of tho various knights holpod to wilo away many xau hour ploasautly and sooiahly— a innttcr of no small matter iu a town whioh is gouorally as dull as ditch wator, nnd whoro tho pooplo havo loss rational amusomonts providod for thom thom, tliun in any .other town of equal pretensions in tlio! oolonies. Mr. Flynn's tnblos, for ho has two of a vory superior olnss, aro in ox- oollcnt ordor. But, it iB not our ouo to say moro, — as it might load to playors nocopting nnr rlint.iim na nnJf.rt miftininnf. rivnnf «P Uinln quality, without thou tukiug tho troublo of testing it — a kind of cushioning whioh would not bo appreciated by tlio landlord of tho European. EonrsE of the Moon. — In tho Quoonslandor shoot almanac for tlio ourrout yoar, a total eolipse of the moon is roforrod to, but, at the samo timo it is stated that it would bo visiblo in Queensland. Tho latter assortion has, how ever, ' provod to bo iuoorroot ; as at tlio Light Houso, Bustard Hoad, on tho 28th Fobruary and 5.10 a.m., or at 17h. 10m. nstronomionl timo on tho 27th, the moon was scon to bo totally oclipsod. Tlio moon during totality viewed with a powor of 40 prosontcd a vory boautiful appearance, tho general color assumed ' being a dull chooolatc; hor usual silvory appoaranco robhod of its lustro affordod un oxoollcnt and ploaBtug opportunity of pooping into tho caverns and dcop recesses nnd indents of our attendant satellite— that " lady sontod on her silver chair." Clerical.— At a mooting of tho Ohnroh Sooioty rooontly hold in Sydney, Bishop Barker, in tho oourss of his addross, said tho pooplo of Quoonsland bnd got in thoir midst a man of a thousand, if thoy did but know it. Ho trusted they would know it, that thoy would rally round that excellent man who had thrown him. solf into tho work with nil the ardor and vigor of tho youngest man amongst thom. Ho lind brought oxperionoo, forboarancc, gontlopcss, and pationoe ; and whon tho timo oamo, and men dosorvod it, ho oould show that ho had the powor to toll mon what thoy ought to do nnd bo. Ho would shortly loavo tho oolony for somo months, nnd hoped wlion ho returned that tho work of tho collectors of tho soeioty would bo sustained. By an anomaly Northern Quoonsland had boon attach od to Sydney, bo- onuao ho had tho misfortuuo to boMotropolitan. Northorn Quooiialand was muoh indobtcd to to tho Church Sooioty, and ho would fool grontiyiudobtod to tho inhabitants of Sydney if thoy und thoso in Northorn Quoons land would answer nn nppoal ho intended to mako boforo ho wont to England for additional assistanoo towards tho endowment of the Bishopric of Northorn Quoosland. Tlio pooplo had Bhowh thomselvos not hohindhand,for they had subscribed £2500 towards tho endowment. Other sourcos had boon opened, and ho believed that whon ho arrived in England ho should find a clergyman who would offor himsolf for oonso- oration to tho Arohbishop of Canterbury, aud oamo out to Northorn Quoofland.Courior. How to Measure for a Gun.— Amongst the mauy interesting nud usoful bits of informa- tion iu Mr. Groonor's now book on " Ohoko- Boro Guus," not tho loast ncooptablo is tbat giving instruotions on tho subjoot of soleotiug a gun. Mr. Groonor says, " Having satisfied yourself of tho .woight, longth, and bond of stook which suit you, tako the moaauro of tho gun us follows : — From tlio front or right trig ger to tho aontro of tho hool pinto, lay tho gun on a table, and draw a straight lino tho wbolo longth of tho barrols along tho rib to tho ona of tho stock. Another plan is to plaoo a straight edgo along tho rib, oxtonding bnokwnrde to tho hool pluto, thon measuro tho distanoo botwoon tbo Btook and tho straight-odgo. A traoing of tho gun will do, providod it is takon on stiff pupor, and at loast half the length of tho barrol is included. Oaro must bo takon to givo the exaot position of the right triggor. The Anio- rionns uso guns with muoh moro hook in tho siook, viz., zj to 3 xnonos.- -8.M. Jicrala. Layino a Ghobt. — Duriug tho past fow days n rumor was provulont in ono part of tho oity thut somo ghosts had boou soon in tho vioiuity of tho Univorsity, nnd thut thoy hnd takon tho form of fomalo figuros in flowing robes, and disported themselves amoug tho gloomy battlo- tloments aftor tho " Bhados of ovouing" had olosod o'er tho oity. Numbers of pooplo inter mixed with a lurgo assortment of tlio lnrrikin olomont, oongrogatod on .several ooonsious in tho vicinity of tho soat of learning for tlio spooial purposo of having a glauoo at tho spoo- t rul visitants, and InBt night thoy/woro gratified boyoud thoir most sunguiuo oxpootntions. Sub-iusppotor Rush received information of thoir dosiro, nud sont senior sorgoant M'Kay nnd sovqral nhlo bodied oonstnblos to givo thom satisfaction. Thoy found a uiotloy crowd us- soinblod, and also Bnw a figuro inurohing up tho Univorsity avonuo drossod in a pottioout and oovored with a sheet. Tho oonstnblos iiiAnodiatoly gavo aliuso, but tho ghost was too nimblo for thom. It droppod its coremonts, vaulted ovor tho palings, and ran aoross tbo shrubbery, whoro it disuppoarod among tho pooplo ami was soon no moro. Tho sheet and pottioout woro oapturod, howovor, and horo ovidonco of haviug bccn'used by soma porsou or persons with littlo regard for olonnlinoss. It. bi to bo' regrottod that tho polioo woro not sufficiently onutlous und nimblo onough to oatoh tho doliuquont wlioso want of brains hnponrs. to liavo boon oomponsatod f o by floetness of foot. — S.M. Herald. . Anecdote of Bismarck well atflied dy a French General. — A , oorrospondont Bonds us tho following uutlioutio story : — " Ono morning sinoo tho Into. Gormnn-Franoo war, a Fronoh goneral who had oooupiod ono of tho most important positions during tho war, was visitop by ono of thoso loquaoious ladios whoso absoneo during a timo when oho'b thoughts aro dovotod to most important ovonts is far moro dosirablo than thoir oompany. But to shako off tho old lady was impossible, unions with a saorifloo of pohtonoss, equally iinpoBeiblo in tbo oaso of ,tho gonornl nlludod to— una of tho most rofinod mon of Franco. Olaolt, olaok, oluok wont tho lady's tongue, asking all sorts of trivial ques tions, on all sides. Tho poor gonoral, whoso mind was oooupiod with anbjoots of groat importnnoo, was almost distracted. At last an opening was givon bim by a diroat roqnost to tho gonoral that lio would givo hor ono of tho latest aneodotos of Blsmarok. Madamo, ho roplied, ouo of tho latest I havo hoard is also ono of tbo vory host. ' I havo it only socond hand from Bisinnrab hitnsolf. During a oon-. vorsation, tho famous Gorman was askad to what ho attributed his immotiso politioal success. Ho roplied — ' I oan sonrooly tell you, but ono fnot I baliove lias aidod ino vory materially, it is ' that I know how to koop eilont in sovon languages.' After that the lady praotBOd suonoo m ono lnugungo. — a. M. Herald 