Wit mh if amor. The sun's shadows lengthen, and the gas-bill strengthen. . ' If I had leisure,' said a wheelwright, last winter, 'I would alter my stove-pipe, for I know it is not safe.' But he did not find, time and when his shop caught fire, and burned down, he found leisure to build another. : Guido Beni, one of the Italian masters, hav ing been blamed for coloring the faces of Peter and Paul too red, in a great picture of his, excused his work by saying that he painted the Apostles so as blushing at the lives of those men who called themselves their successors. ' Pat,' said a builder to an Irishman engaged in carrying slate to the top of a four-story building. *' Have you any houses in Ireland as tall as this one ?' *' Ya'as, me mother's cabin.' ' How many rooms had it ?' ' There was the ateing-room, the slaping-room, the kitchen-room, and the pig-pen— four rooms.' ' That's a story.' said the builder. 'Ya'as, four stories,' . said Pat. 1 To dream of policemen is a sure sign of the 'blues.' To dream you are a monkey is, to say the least, suggestive. To dream your head is being 'punched,' and on waking to discover such is not the case, is lucky for you. To dream you have eloped with a wicked female ghost is a sure sign you have taken bad spirits (the over night). If a ' gentleman of the press,' dreams of donkeys, it is calls a 'neddy-torial' vision! To dream of suet shows a f at-uous mind (don't do it again). ?_ ? - ...... \- Bubb Doddington was very lethargic. Falling asleep one day after dining with Sir Bichard Temple and Lord Cobham, the latter reproached Doddington with his drowsiness. Doddington denied having been asleep ; and to prove that he had. not, offered to repeat all that Lord Cob ham had been saying. Cobham challenged him to do so. Doddington repeated a story, and Cobham acknowledged he had been telling it. '?Well,' said Doddington, 'and yet I did not hear a word of it; but I went to sleep, because \ I knew that about this time of day you would tell that story.' : Voltaire, having been challenged, sent his would-be opponent the following answer: — *'. Sir, I had the honor of your challenge, which f would gladly have accepted had you given me the choice of weapons. Being ill a-bed, a syringe would have been the most useful instru ment; and that, from your known humanity, I do expect to receive from your skilful hands. But I must -also observe to you that a pistol ball would kill me, but can have no effect on you. Lead will assimilate with your brain ; therefore we are not on an equal footing. — I am, with all ; respect, Voltaire.' We once knew an Irishman who bore evidence before a Commission on the west coast of Ireland. Among other questions, as he seemed rather discursive and inclined to aver anything, one of the commissioners asked him if they had many whales there? 'Is it whales?' answered Pat. 'Sure you may see them, like water engines, spouting all over the place.' Another of the commissioners gravely asked if there were any dogfish. 'Dogs, magomiM f aix, ye\l say so, and y'e'd passed the night here. Sure, we can't slape for the barkin' on them !' Lastly, one of the other commissioners asked him, *? If flyingfish abounded ?'' The answer- was, ' Arrah, an' if we didn't put the shutters up every night there . wouldn't be a whole pane of glass left in the house for the crathurs bateing against them, sure.' This ended the Court, and the next day this genius came to ask for his expenses, ex-. claiming, ' Sure, now, honey, didn't I swear to. every thing ye axed me ?' Legal documents are not always dry reading' Here is a part of &J; Kentucky woman's recent petition for divorce :— ' Dark clouds of discord began to lower over the sky of wedded felicity, and the minacious lightning of disunion began to dart its lurid flames across gloomy clouds of atramental blackness, obscuring every, star of hope and happiness, whose resplendent glory illuminated the dawn of 'the first few brief years of her wedded life, when she gave. her hand and an undivided heart to the defendant, . who,, in the sultry month of July, 1567; when, after having been warinly and snugly -wintered -within the foad embraces -of iier loving arms, and closely nestled to a heart that beat alone for the defendant, he showed his base, black ingratitude by abandoning her bed and board without cause whatever, except the insatiable thirst- for novelty, which is the predominan character of defendant's nature.' 