WHERE IS HE? TO THE EDITOR. I am, Sir, &c.;, HANSARD'S GHOST. Sir—Where is "the Great Boucaut?" At this great crisis I repeat, Where is he to be found? Are Penn Chambers deserted? Does the fari-<*> naceous village know him no more? Weeks ago the piercing charge (that's a joke) was made egainst him in the Upper House that he had offered to sell his constituents for that smallest of all values—the promised vote of a Kapunda JJ?. " How sre the mighty tallen! TeUitnot in Goolwa; publish it not in the streets of Port Victor, lest the men of Boss should triumph." Well do I remember the great Goolwa speech, the indignant denunciations of parish vestry politics, the emphatic statement that the Port Victor breakwater was a great national work, which under the auspices of the Boucaut regime should be pnshed on with tho utmost vigor; and now the charge that he has been intriguing to delay the very commencement of this work has not even drawn forth a word of denial from him. The Goolwa echoes rang with the sentiment— " Be bold, yet not too bold, Tet better the excess than the defect, Better the more than less." Is it all in the defect? Is it all the less t If not surely he will have the pluok to challenge ? report thatdoes him po mucb discredit, And now that a great crisis has arisen in the history of government in South" Aus tralia where is now the great constitu tional champion? A paltry, unintentional blunder on the part of Sir Henry Avers, aggra vated no doubt by hit stubbornes? and oocky behavior, has been sedulously nursed and f ot tered into ? grave crisis In the history of tiie two Houses. Twice the Upper House bavetasted the sweets of power—firstly,by njecting'theStamps BUI it successfully, claimed todireet?heineidenoe of taxation; then, by excising the Port Victor Breakwater from the Ijoan BiU, it obtained con trol of expenditure; and if now it succeeds in compelling Hie resignation of Sir Henry Ayers, it can make or unmake Ministries; and you may write "Ichabod" on the doors of the Assembly Chamber, for the glory is departed. Already the triumph of the squatting minority in Die Lower, and the squatting majority in the Upper House is all but complete. Already they are pushing the Ministry to their fall, and with them will go the last remnant of constitu tional government, while the men who are able to place before the country the issues at stake are so eager for place and power as to help on the evil work. "Ah! where was Eoderick then? One blast upon his bugle-tiom Were worth a thousand men." Disconsolately wander the admirer* of the Inte Premier on the shores o? tincounter?ay, and, pondering over departed hopes, bear the murmurs of the ooean, like the refrain of Bdgar Poe'a veraes, aaying continually " nevermore.'' Rcbt.—A New South Wales paper states that it is now established beyond ail question that many of the native grasses are affected with a fungus growth of rust kind, which they com municate to wheat. This fungus growth can be seen at the present time, and unless cheeked in the neighborhood of wheat fields, the latter will be in undoubted danger. The remedy is to bum off the grasses near the wheat field. 