.AFFECTION AND SAGACITY OF AN ELEPHANT. (From the Illinois Republican Register.) Tiiere have been many incidents related ol -tho love manifested towards each other by the brute creation, but none more striking and illustrative of that lovo than occurred ou June 2, 1876, under tho canvas of Messrs. Bailey and Co.'s circus, Galesburgh, Illinois. All who visited tho show, or witnessed the -street parade, will remember the huge old elephant Betsy, that marched with a vener able -tread through the streets nnd round tho ring. Betsy is supposed to be seventy-five years old, and for sixteen years has been in this country. She was brought from Eng land, and with, her camo a dog, a cross tiotween an English setter and a spaniel, and for these sixteen yoars tho dog and tlie «lephant have been inseparable. Through every State in the Union, by rail and on foot, these two fast friends bave travelled, and in sickness and in health they have beon all in all to each other. At Knoxville, Iowa, the dog was accidentally run over by one of tlio waggons, and one of his legs broken. The elephant appeared to sympathise with the dog in its distress, and was only satisfied when the dog was in sight, where she could fondle it with her trunk, and caress it. Yester day afternoon poor Carlo was compelled to pay he debt of nature. His ago was too great, hia yoars too many, to allow of his recovery, and in the presence of liis long tried elephantine friend he yielded up the ghost. ' The elephant appeared to realise that her pet was dead, aud groaned in a real affecting manner. The canvasman of the show took the dead carcass and carefully sewed it in canvas, and a grave was dug near the ring. At five o'clock a funeral procession was formed; first came Betsey carrying the dead dog tenderly iu her trunk, followed by tlm four other elephants, all scorning to realise that they were about to deposit in tho earth a long tried friend. Following tho elephants wore 11 tho mon connected with the show. Thelband played a dirge, and after marching twine round the ring Betsy carefully deposited tholbody of the dead Carlo in the grave, and the five elephants knelt, while Botsy, with her trunk, filled tho grave with earth, and the last words were spoken. During the entire ovemng Betsy seemed mourning for the dog, and when asked where Carlo was she would praise iter ears and give uttorauce to a mourn ful sound, proving that she felt the pain of -parting. During tho grand march at tho \- -commencement of the evening's performance Betsy, as she came to the grave, Btopped, and with her trunk pulled up tho stake that had lieen placed at the head of the grave, aud -threw it away. Charles Warner, better known in show circles as "Alligator Charlie," .who has had charge of tbe elephants for years, relates many incidents of the dog and elephant .proving their love for each other. He siys that often when the elephant would refuse to (Cross a. bridge, all that was necessary for him to Jo was t > take tlie dog acixss, pinch his cars so as to make him bowl, and the elephant would at once rush to his assistance. The -ecene at tho funeral was very affecting, and will long be remembered by all who witnessed At.. The whole affair proves that elephants, as well aa butnaD beings, are capable of sorrowful feelings;- , _ .,r . 