LAZAR'S ROYAL OPERA COMPANY. IT being our custom to criticise every opera company visiting Melbourne, we despatched our musical critic to hear EL Trovatore. Being afflicted with a chronic thirst, and an inventive genius, he took it into his head to present himself at the stage door of the Theatre Royal, where, however, the trustyjanitor barred his'further progress. Having a blank card, he wrote oniitUename Jfo. iennyson De Vavasour (Arqns in the corner), and requested the doorkeeper to hand it to Mr. Harwood at once, which he did. Mr. Harwood came down. CRITIC.—Please pardon the liberty I am taking of introducing myself, I would like a few words with you in private. ME. HABWOOD.—Certainly, Sir. Walk upstairs. CRITIC.—I suppose you can keep a secret. The fact is I am just out of Pentridge; perhaps you know me already. You managers are fly to every tiling; (lowering his voice) I am the Vagabond. I would like to see how things are done behind the scenes ; do you twig? MB. H. (seizing him by the hand).—Delighted to see you, old fellow ; the very man I wanted to know. I hope you wont Bhow us up. Ton my soul, we have had the theatre cleaned out, thoroughly. CRITIC.—My friend, don't be alarmed, this is a strictly private visit. MB. H. {delighted),—Right, old boy. Beeclier, you Mormon, bring up some champagne at once. CRITIC (sotto voce—Thought I would fetch him).—This is really fine champagne (lavghing). Nothing like this in Pentridge, old bird; but look here, Harwood, between you and me and that unopened bottle, it's all a yarn about my pulling out Gately's tooth. We fellows must write something sensational. (Sighing) Heaven forgive us, but it's hard lines to earn an honest living. MR. H. (laughing).—Just like you, De Vavasour. Have some more champagne, old man. I suppose you really were in the surgery ? CRITIC.—Thank you, I will take a little more. Yes, I was diliculo surgSre, but the heads of the department knew who I was; so I found everything in apple-pie order. Couldn't write anything bad of that institution. Am going to try Melbourne GaoL Consent to an order on a fraud summons, get a fortnight—twig ?—find my own tucker. After polishing off three and a-half bottles out of five to his own cheek, our critic, clinging to the bannisters, managed to reach the bottom of the stairs, made straight for home, and wrote the following criticism :— Eoederer'a grand opera H Trovatore is a fizzing, sparkling production, and the management (especially Mr. Harwood) deserve great credit. The scene where Hamlet's Ghost kills Desdemona with an air-drawn dagger was obligato prestissimo. Signora Guadagnini, the prima donna, possesses a very fine basso- profo ndo voice, capable of tremendous effects. Her rinforzando in the staccato movement of La ci daremmo was grand. She takes the upper G and drops down to the lower C like a busy B or any other E. Signora Venosta has a strong, sweet, supple, stately, scrumptious baritone, slightly sfogato in the cantabile, but deliciously diminuendo in the appoggiatura. She can spring seven octaves and. a-half, from W in the pedal clef up to A in the sopranissimo dolcissime, an unprecedented feat of vocal gymnastics. But for honey and sugar, for liquid saccharine and laryngeal nectar, not one of the company can compare with the fair soprano, Signor Orlandini, unless it be the gifted contralto, Signor Fabris; while the prompter is really excellent, and was encored after the 12th act. fL'he quartet between Signora Venosta and Signor Orlandini knocked us into a cocked hat. The beautiful aria dell'entrata— Alto gabbare gabbare, La gatta '1 violino ; La v.;cc 'ha spiccata Di sopra la luna; H piccolo cane Ha riso vedere Tal passatempo Come '1 piatto Darla a gamba Col cucchiajo, was given with a forza maestosa and a brio giocondo worthy in every respect of the finest lyrical composition of the greatest poet that Italy has produced. As to the choruses, they were all Al, and they raised the roof several times, much to the improvement of the ventilation. What more need be said ? SUGGESTED name for the pavement in front of the New Club next to Town HalL—" Bird Cage Walk" WHEN are a man and the moon in a similar state ?—When they are full. 