r , §^S- - ? THE VETERANS OF THE GRAND ARMY Mbetino Haeoleon's Ashes most St.. Helena. (FEOSI THEOPlhtE GAUTIZP..) \- Bored, and thus forced out of my room, Along the Boulevard I passed, Around me hung December's gloom, The wind was cold, the showers drovo fast Then straight X saw (how Btrange the sight !) Escaped from thoir grim dwelling- place, . Trampling through mud in sorry plight, Ghosts at mid- day, gliosis face to face. Night is the time when shades have power, Whilst German moonlight silvers all, Within some old and tottering tower, To flit across the pillared hall. 'Tis night when fairies from the floods In dripping robes rise like a breath, Then drag beneath their lily buds Some boy whom they have danced to death. 'Twas night, if Zedlitz singeth true, ? When (half-seen shade) the Emperor Marshalled in line, for that review, The shades of Austerlitz once more. But spectres in tho public street, I Scarce from the playhouse paces two, Veiled nor by mist, nor winding-sheet, Who stand there wearied and wet through. Well may wo wonder as we gaze ; Three grumbling phantoms hover dim, In uniform of other days, One ex-guard, two hussars with him, Not these the slain, who', though they die, Still hear through earth Napoleon's drum ; . But veterans of a time gone by Waked up to see his relics como. Who, since that last, that fatal fight, Have grown, or fat, or lean and grim ; Whose uniforms, unless too tight, Float wide around each wasted limb. Oh, noble rags, still like a star \- To you the Cross of Honour clings, Sublimely ludicrous, ye'are Grander than purple worn by kings ! A nerveless plumo, as if with foar, ' ' . Trembles above-the bearskin frayed ; Moth-fretted the pelisse is, near Thoso holes by hostile bullets made ; The leathern overalls, too large, , Round the Bhrunk thigh in wrinkles fall, And rusty sabres, wearying charge, Drag on the ground, or beat the wall: The next one is grotesque, with chest Stretching a coat too small by half ; But for the stripes that deck his breast, _ At the old war- wolf we might laugh. My brothers, mock them not too muoh ; ' Rather salute, with heads low bent, These heroes of an Iliad, such As Homer never could invent. Greet 'each bald head with reverence due, v For on brows, bronzed by many a clime, A lengthening scar oft reddens through The lines that have been dug by time. Their skins, by a strange blackness, tell \- Of Egypt's heat and blinding light ; Russia's snow powder, as it fell, Has kept those thin locks ever white. Their hands may tremble ; yes, still keen The cold of Beresina bites ; . - They ^imp, for-long the march between Cairo and Wilna's frozen heights. ,.They droop, bent doAle, since in war . ? No sheets but flags for sleep'had they ; The helpless sleeve may flutter, for \- A round shot tore the arm away. Laugh not, though round them leaps and jeers The howling' street boy with delight; They were the day of those proud years — . The evening we— perchance the night. They recollect, if we forget, Lancers in red, ex-guard in blue, . And worship, . at his column met, The only God they ever knew. , Proud of tho pains endured so long, ? Grateful for miseries nobly borno — They feel the heart of France beat strong Under that clothing soiled and worn. Our tears then check the' smile that played, ? To see this strange pomp on its way— The Empire's ghostly masquerade — Dim as a ball when dawns the day. Through skies which yet her splendours fill, The Eagle of our armies old, From depths of glory, burning still, Spreads over them her wings of gold. 