BATHURST. Tho annual demonstration in connection with the Loyal Orange Lodges in Bathurst was held in the School of Arts Hall, on Thursday even ing, July 12th, in the shape of a tea meeting, public rocetiBg, tiod concGiu. J.6U t6<it&bl68; had been provided, and at these a large number of persons, many of whom had come from a dis tance, sought, and were provided with seats. The tea over, preparations were made for hold ing a public meeting, and the tables having been removed and the seats re-arranged, that meeting commenced. The hall had been deco rated for the occasion, and in addition to the usual display of bunting, various coloured mot toes were suspended from the walls, while at the _ back part of the stage, and immediately behind the several speakers, a large Orange banner representing William III. on horseback was suspended. The members of the Associa tion wore distinguishing badges and collars, and everything in the hall seemed tinged with the favourite colour. Mr. W. H. Paul, Worshipful Master of the oldest Bathurst Lodge, occupied the position of chairman, and on the right hand side of the stage the undermentioned gentlemen were accommodated with seats, viz. Rev. Dr. M 'Gibbon, of Sydney, Rev. Dr. Geeliie, Rev. A. Parsons, Rev. A. W. Grant, Rev. R. Rogers, Rev. W. C. Hughes (Rockley), and Messrs.' J. Parker and P. Halliday, while upon the left were seated the members of the Tonic Sol-fa ' singing class. - In opening the meeting, the Chairman ex plained that they had met to celebrate the Battle of the Boyne, the present being the sixth anniversary of that event which had been publicly held in Bathurst. He stated that not . many years ago there were no Orange Lodges in tho Bathurst district, and at the presont time there were eight lodges within a radius of forty miles of Bathurst, containing over 1000 members, and many who were formerly mem bers of those lodges had left the district, and were engaged in forming lodges in other parts. Although they were working quietly, they were working successfully, and were exerting a power in the colony. There were on the plat form that night representatives of all the Pro testant denominations existing in Bathurst, and although one or two of those representatives were not actual members of the Order, he hoped they would soon bccomememhers, for he believed that by becoming Orangemen, Ministers of the Gospel could exercise a greater, influence, and morg largely benefit the cause of religion He also alluded to the fact that Dr. M'Gibbon was present, and he had no doubt that that gentle man, who had only lately returned from a visit to Ireland, would be able to give them some interesting information concerning the old country. The longer he (the speaker) lived, the more he became convinced of the necessity of and organization like that in which they were joined. 'He read letters of apology from the Rev. P. M. Dalrympleand H. Martin, and then called upon the singers to sing the first piece on the programme. The Tonic Sol-Pa Class then sang " Might with the Right ' with good effect. The Rev. Dr. Geekie, after humorously allud- ' ing to his privileges as the first speaker, said ho did not think there was any necessity for them to make any apology for being members of the .Orange Association. There were some people who made doubt3 about everything, but in this case there was nothing to be in doubt about, for they were simply joined together for the purpose of protecting by all Christian and law ful means the principles of Protestantism. If there was a tinge of persecution in the Organiza tion he would not be found a member of it. All they aimed at was the maintenance and spread of Protestant truth, and the exercise of that which they allowed to others — liberty of con science ; seeking to spread the Word of God without note or comment. The Orange Asso ciation was. really a Bible Society ; and they in sisted that every man should be educated and have God's Word in his hand and liberty to read it for himself. He hoped the day would be far distant when they, as Orangemen, would enter- tnm nmr ffialinrr Tinoi'lUir wuj ivvuug vi iivoviuv uctiuou uuuav aiiuii. whom they differed, and he hoped the day would be more distant still, when they would be ashamed of their common Protestantism, and unwilling to cordially and fearlessly assert it. The class here sang the anthem ' ' Resurrec tion," after which Rev. Dr. M'Gibbon rose to speak. He was received with loud applause. He commenced by alluding to the Chairman's statement that he had recently returned from the old land, which was erroneously supposed to be the land of Orangeism. Ireland was very far from being the land of Orangeism at the present time. Orangeism was at one time supposed to be something peculiarly Irish, and in being an Orangeman, he had often been mistaken "for an Irishman, which lie did not think very com plimentary, as he thought a Scotchman as good as an Irishman any day. (Laughter). He found that Scotland was emulating Ireland very much in the direction of Orangeism, and Eng land too was largely impregnated with Orange ism. As an instance of the truth of these assertions ho mentioned a union which had been held between two English bodies in that country, which represented, he did not know how many, but he might say tens of thousands of Orangemen ; and also stated that in every place to which he went in Scotland, he found an Orange lodge. Ireland was supposed to be the cradle of Orangeism, but that was not quite correct, for while it was in Ireland that Orange lodges were first started, it was England that sent for William to come over. It was the first visit he had made to' the Green Isle, and although some spoke slightingly of Ireland, he asserted that it was a glorious land, a fair land, well deserving of the name of Emerald Isle, and if it were not blighted it might be the fairest isle of the sea. He proceeded to describe some of the scenes lie had beheld when passing through the country to the river Boyne, which he was ambitious to see, and said that when near the place where Prince William had crossed, he had tried to realise the bravery of William's men in crossing, and the cowardice of James' men in running away. He remembered that the great Daniel O'Connell, on one occasion when desirous of conciliating the Orangemen, went to Drogheda, and having procured some water from the river Boyne, drank a. glass, saying, Here s to the pious and immortal memory of William III." He (the speaker) had essayed the same thing, but finding the water very unpalatable had decided that, he would far rather Daniel O'Connell drink it than him. He .trusted that the Boyne would always run, and be 'ever remembered by Irish, Scotch, and English, and by Australians too, as .the river where was decided one of the most, important events ever engaged in—a confliot great in the consequences which have fallen from it, and- in the victory achieved for their fatherland. With out Baying more about his travels he wished to speak to them upon three questions which might arise in the minds of some persons. The first of these was — " Why were they gathered to gether that night?" This question was some times asked in a petulant manner, and he would Sroceed to answer it. First, then, they met ecause it was pleasing to them— pleasing to see so many happy faces and hear such sweet music. Next, it was their right. They were free men in a free land, and if they selected the 12th of July as their meeting night, who had any reason to complain ? Others selected other days for meeting, and while they allowed every one liberty to choose any day for themselves, the Orangemen were only exercising their right by meeting on the 12th July. In the next place, the 12th July was a great day with them, and they intended that it should be a great day Yfith their children; because they held that God in his providence smiled upon England on that day, and gave her a victory in the strength of which she now stood forth in the forefront of the nations. (Applause.) They had also met to carry on the work on that day begun ; William had laid the foundation firm and strong, and they intended . to build the superstructure. Whatever , privileges he gained for liberty 'of conscience, they .intended to hold and hand dpwn to those who were to come after them, at least unimpaired, . and they trusted— enlarged. This was his answer to that question. The next question sometimes asked was : — What kind- of people were the Orangemen ? Some people entertained very extravagant opinions concern ing them— impressions drawn from the days gone by,, when the orange and the green used to meet in conflict, and the orange somehew always came off best. Therefore, because they were the victors they were always in fault. They were sure to see " Orange riots" "duly chronicled, for the purpose, he supposed, of frightening old ladies of both sexes. Not long since there had been a parade of news in the papers concerning a great Orange riot in Belfast ; but he happened to be in Ireland about that time, and he saw the commencement of the affair and knew where it originated. A certain party determined upon having meetiugs and processions, and although the Roman Catholic people were warned by their bishop, the disturbance took place, and he (the speaker) was surprised to find on returning to the colony that the Orangemen were blamed for causing the riot. . The authorities in Belfast had taken the trouble to inquire, and it was de clared that not a single Orangeman was con nected with that riot, and not one had been arrested for taking part in it. A lot of men, known as the Protestant mob, but who were not Orangemen, were responsible for the riot. But with some people the weaker side was always in the right and the stronger in the wrong. Then there were people who were always troubled with fears that the Orangemen were breeders .of strife, ever setting men against each other. They say we ought to be charitable — we ought not to speak of the Boyne — we ought not to speak of James, — we , ought not to speak of William ; and because i Orangemen will speak about these things when S the people are mixed people they are unchari- $ table. Then there were gentlemen of position who looked upon the-Orangemen as vulgar ; who objected to Orangeism because the common j<cuple — the nobodies — were members. But those who objected to Orangeism because of its humble origin mutt object to Christianity on the same grounds, for its founder was the son of a reputed carpenter, and the first apostles were men of lowly origin. This was only an excuse, however. The real cause of their objection was their anxiety to see which way the wind was blowing. If it' .was favourable to Orangeism they would soon blow with it ; they i would come in at the death, and cry when all ;| was over, " Didn't we do it." (Laughter.) He I could tell these people that they could get along | without them.. For the information of those I whp really wished to know what Crangeism was, I he would say that it originated in the desire to I obtain for England religious liberty. Their a motto was " Defence, not defiance — Liberty, I not oppression and the object was to create a I union of all Protestant sects, for the defence and I extension of Protestant rights to the Protestant | religion of England. They had no ulterior I object, but they contended for liberty for the 1 Roman Catholic as well as the Protestant I (Applause). If the Protestant churches of the I world did their duty, there would be no need of B Orangeism. (Applause). But the churches for many years past had neglected their duty. They were called Protestant churches ; but Bthey protested with their mouths shut. Like I dumb dogs they could not bark, and no bark H came from them, and the consequence was that H JMt numbers of so-called Protestants were in H total ignorance of Protestantism and Romanism, i ana hence they are found saying that one was m ¥ 8d as the other if you lived up to it. The instant churches have gloriod in dividing themselves by little things, and they have been f| re zealous about their little "isms" than :-:Irtylave been aboufc tbe great things in which kf y llave pretended to be agreed. (Applause). jjJ "rangeism was only doing what the churches neglected to do. It was making a unity of |j«M broken pieces, by erecting a platform where 1 1 " Pr,otesting creeds could' meet upon a common 1 ;eve > holding the pure Word of God as the only H poacher of religion and morals. The enemy— g nomanism— was prosperous because of the @" v'aion of the Protestant churches in minor I twv'- Tbey quarrelled about each other's II P cuharities ; but so far as he was concerned a i m? migkt preach in his nightshirt, a black 1 thn \,?r-no gwn afc all> if he so pleased, and I diff Jt might do him good. They could |j i. er in these things, but they must not forget H Op ' ®r.eat principles of their religion, and I ennhf ?lSm bac beeu formed to show that there H Chn l essenfiai unity among the Protestant H tliP rVie' notwithstanding the peculiarities of B hanriii sects- (Applause). He had in his H dnwm ?ranSeman's Creed, which had been | v P y the Grand Master of the Orange II had o, , SCt)t land — the heir of a man who SlI/oH T e martyrdom for the sake of the H l( e8us That creed read thus: — B searob +nbeTTr\gbt of every man to read and B mavioo5e r y Scriptures for himself, that he n heen nlc" j.m them the truth which God has ®a Pleased to reveal. Bfaithil6 doctrine that justification is by if i of grace ; and that man's salvation is to be ascribed to the finished work of Christ, and to the power and love of Christ now glorified, and living in heaven,— not, in whole or in part, to any works of man himself ; good works flowing from grace received, and neces sarily flowing from it, but not in any degree contributing to procure grace, or to merit any . of the blessings of salvation. " 3. The doctrine that, in consequence of the Fall, all men are by nature sinful ; and that no. one can enter into the kingdom of heaven with out being regenerated by the Holy Ghost, by whom also all true believers in Jesus Christ are sanctified, and so fitted for the fellowship of God, and kept, through faith, unto salvation. " 4. The only proper object of worship is God Himself, — Father, Son, and Holy Ghost ; and prayer is to be made to God alone ; and all prayers to the Virgin, to saintB, angels, and the like, with all veneration of images and relics; are to be abhorred as idolatrous. " 5. The only priest of the Christian Church is the Lord .Jesus Christ Himself, our great High Priest, who has passed into the heavens, who, having made ,one and . an all-sufficient sacrifice for our sins — the sacrifice of Himself Arliath entered into the holy place not made with hands, there to. appear in the presence of God for us, and ever liveth, a Priest upon His throne, making continual intercession for His people ; and, under Him, all His true people are equally kings and priests unto God, and have equal and free access unto God in prayer, and all other exercises of worship. " C. Confession of sins is to be made ,to God alone, who alone can forgive sins ; and auricular confession is to be rejected as haying no authority in the Word of God ; and, indeed, contrary to it. " 7. The pretended sacrifice of the Mass is impiety, being plainly inconsistent with the all- sufficiency of the Sacrifice of Christ, once offered for the sins of many. " 8. The doctrine of purgatory, so fruitful a source of gain to the Popish clergy, and a most powerful instrument for binding the souls of the people in slavish subjection to them, is to be. detested as a virtual denial of the all- sufficiency of the sacrifice of Christ, and of the free and full forgiveness of sins for His sake. " 9. The Holy Scriptures of the Oldaud New Testaments are the only rule of faith ; the tra ditions of the Church and the decisions of the Councils and of the Pope being of no authority. "10. The pretension of the Pope to supre macy over the whole of the Church of Christ, and over the kings and nations of the earth, as Vicar of Christ, and his pretension of infalli bility in all questions of faith and morals, are con trary to the Word of God, and are to be utterly rejected ; as are also his impious claims of power to dispense with the obedience to Divine commandments, and to apply to individuals, on conditions appointed by him, the merits of Christ and of saints by indulgences. " 11. Every man is bound to keep the whole moral law, which is summarily contained in the Ten Commandments ; and though none can per fectly keep it, or establish his own righteousness before God by any endeavours to keep it, yet every true Christian desires and endeavours to keep it in thought, word, and deed, constrained thereto by the love of Christ, and delighting to do the will of God. "12. Loyalty to the Sovereign and to the British Constitution is the duty of everyone in this land, a duty plainly taught in the Holy Scriptures." (Cheers.) He asked any man to put that creed side by side with the creed of Pope Pius IV., and, comparing them both with the Word of God, to say which was true and which was false. If anybody wished to know what an Orangeman was there they had his description. If he . wanted to know their political views he could find them here — the recognition of God as the supreme ruler, and loyalty to those who under God were over them in authority. This was what the Orangemen were. The third question lie desired to speak about was this, and it was asked by not a few persons : What is the use of Orangeism now? He recapitulated the objections which were raised against the con tinuance of Orangeism. If they acknowledged that it was necessary at any time because cer tain evils existed, they must acknowledge that if those evils existed now Orangeism was needed now. He asserted that if ever a time existed when it was necessary, that time was now. It was argued that they possessed religious liberty, a free Press, a free Parliament, and therefore there was. no need for this organization. Well, he told the people who raised that objection that they were not organised solely to get religious liberty, but to keep it. It had been gained at a great priee of suffering and blood, and they would be unworthy of the name they bore, and of the fathers who fought for the precious boon, if they allowed it to slip from them. Then, in reference to the freedom of the Press, it was notorious that, in this colony, as in other places, more favour was shown by the Press to the Roman Catholic party than to the Protestant party, and they found reports of speeches by archbishops and other prelates, which speeches contained statements grossly false and doctrines most pernicious, yet when one from the other side essayed to refute these statements, the Press Was shut against them, except for the insertion of advertisements. The facts had been ascertained that there was scarcely a newspaper in London that was not served by a Roman Catholic, and there seemed to be a conspiracy for one or more to be on the staff of every newspaper. It had been made a boast that the Press was largely influenced by the Roman Catholic party, that it was dictated to, influenced by, or in some way controlled by the Church. And was it true that they had free parliaments ? Was it true that when their candidates came before them they were prepared to listen to any matter relating to Protestantism? The fact was that the candidate always looked to see which way the votes would go, and seemed mote anxious to get into a place than to stick by his principles. He (the speaker) in tended to agitate for the inspection of nunneries (applause), and they could test the freedom of their candidates by making this a test question at the next election. They intended to see how the convents were got up, and to find out what was at the bottom of the system — what were the secrets of those blissful abodes where young Protestant ladies were educated without being tampered with. If these places were so holy there could be no objection to their inspection. But when they touched this question they would see the spirit that would be roused. They would object to these holy girls being interfered with by heretics. He asked them to ask any candidates seeking their suffrages at the next election if they were willing to allow the law of England to exercise its right to enter every house of -this kind and see if there were any persons there who would like to come out. They would find that nine-tenths of the candi dates would show the white feather. If they were men at all they would not stand by and see that places in this land of liberty existed over which the law had no control. It was all very well for statesmen like Sir Henry Parkes to say if they could prove that wrong is com mitted within those places the law would step in and rectify it. That was not sufficient. They would step in and see for themselves, as they knew from history that wrong was com mitted there, and they would demand that upon British soil it should not be said that the Pope was supreme and the Queen's authority of no effect. In support of his statement that there was as much reason for Orangeism now as ever, he advanced the assertion that Romanism was an organised foe. .His Holiness gave the word and it was passed down the ranks of the Hier archy until it came to the rank and file, and the rank and file would stand and fire, or run away, just as they were bid. This great organization aimed at governing the world, claiming that the Pope was above all kings, and that his authority was greater than theirs. Protestants seem to forget this ; but he asked them by what means would they be able to cope \yith this great political organization but by another: organiza tion. — The speaker then read and commented upon a speech lately delivered in England by Archbishop Vaughan's brother. He combatted the statements therein made that the Pope represented the cause of religious "liberty, honour, truth and goodwill," quoting 'largely from history in support of his position. Referring to the statement made in that speech, that if the Pope were not reinstated on the temporal throne in Italy, "good Catholics everywhere would use their political powers" and commence an agitation which should result in victory, he said that instead of seeking for peace it was a threat of war, and should act as a warning to Protestants to be on their guard. He was quite agreeable to allow the Pope perfect freedom .as the spiritual head of his people, but when " political rights " were appealed to, it was time for Protestants to organise, and when the threat of "agitation " among 5,000,000 British subjects was held out, it was time for them to consider whether this religion had not lost its religion and become a political organisation to crush all Protestant principle out of the world ; it was time for them to hold up their banner and assert that that banner should still wave through the battle and through the breeze. — The rev. gentleman resumed his seat amid loud applause. The Revs. A. W. Grant, A. Parsons, R. Rogers, and W. C. Hughes, also delivered short addresses, the singing class -filling hp the inter mediate spaces with anthems, which were rendered in a most excellent style. As leader, Mr. G. Smith fully sustained his reputation as a first-class choir master, and as the members were all in capital form the singing formed one of the principal features of the evening's, entertainment. Master C. Toole acted as accompanist on one of Hamlin's organs, and performed his task most creditably. Votes of thanks were passed to the ladies who had provided the tables, to the choir, and to the Chairman ; and at a rather late hour the proceedings were brought to a close by singing cue .national Antnem. — JSathurst Jb'ree Jrress. 