OUR PARIS LETTER. I p PAse, Oct. 27. W Whlon the Senato voted the dissolution lI of the Chamber of Deputies, it was nevor p intended that the Senators wore bound of to support the Marshal right or wrong; o0 consaqoontly in MacMahon's strugglo to fn override parliamentary institutions, it o may be concluded that the Senatoe as not support hint against thie uttmi- hi takeably expressed resolve of France to al govern horself under the Republican tl constitution. Minds are made up, tlhat i only two issues are open to the Marshal l; t to loyally avow he is beaten in his direct it appeal to the electors to decide between tlt personal and parliamentary government b: and not accordingly-all that the Repub- as licans demand, or simply to resign. His re- on tiromoent cannot be compulsory, but he ba cannot expect France to yield to his tar- vat sonal ideas or to sacrifice her constituttnt ; po if Ihe remains, toe must simply govern tl according to constitutional fortms. An or appeal to force is considered so hopeless a f that no ono over alltdus to it, except to tit raisoa laugh, and eqsually impossible is tor the expectation that the Senate will voto wit a second dissolution--for what interest isn It is thus, that on all sides a clear solu- ntl tion is desired, antd the Republicans are occ resolved that they will this timl necept no sts' other. The Orleanists are at last show- wit ing signs of rallying to the Republic- tlti their natural position ; had they done so pat when Thiers was President, what agonies for and losses they would have spared their wrhs country, and what humiliations for them- wus solves. cigt Opinion looks favorably upon the idea star of John Bull going surety for tile good the conduct of Turkey in reference to the the Bulgarian Christians, who have disgraced Tit Christianity ; thuts the Czar has no reason see, to " keep pegging way" at apparently a dro Sisyphiann task, that of exterminattng trot Islasnism from Europo and Asia MJinoor ; p were the successful he would not be allowed to occupy an inch of Bulgaria, live and English interests would have to limit 'I his conquests in Artmenis, whore the Iho Turks are yet strong enough to oppose tice him with other Plovnas. The French do priz not give much attention to the losses of pun tie belligerents ; those they accept as a The matter of course, and that no sentimental odui or philanthropic regrets can avert. This lang may explain, also, why they tey ake so small sob a part in sick and wounded and compas- The sionate funds ; they prefer playing the wIse Good Samaritan without thle oil and the is th twopence. It is expected that ais tie Czar allot is now a better informed man than when emsp he addressed an ultimatum to Turkey, he and will be a wiser though a sadder one when in his army shall have passed December and tell" January in Bulgaria and Asia Minor. knot M. Gambotta has made a manifesto- of a spooch full of wholesome truths for all 1870 whom they may concern. It was blunt, the without being violent; conserva- scan tive, without ceasing to be broadly Fe liberal ; and conciliatory, while supp resting independent. It will pro- do C duce a good etffect at the present june- solve ture, when it is necessary to convince pita mon of the necessity of taking virile rose- was t lutions. He predicts that the will of to oil France will be obeyed, and drew a vapid self picture of the frightful violations of thle thre law, and of the unexampled Government ache pressure indulged in during the late TI elections, and which shall be laid bare for estal the benefit of France, and tile edification badl of Europe. The Ministers have a hard Pros time before them, atnd those of their Repl subordinates who have sinned will have corn to personally pay the piper. Voting boxes guns with false bottoms were employed, and UL in some cases it was quite common to find boin more bulletins in the urns than there the I worn electors on the registers. The requ Chamber of Deputies will have plenty of discs work to inquire into the electoral iniquti tong ties, and as such elections must be trun broken, the temporary representatives doct, must feel uncomfortablo at the prospect it to of being unseated. TI A curious point to clear up will be to moll know whore all the funds came from to 'bass carry on the war against the Republic. attra Perhaps the discovery will be as diffllicult lihe as to ascertain where Russia finds the chea money to pay her coupons. It is a re- TI markable fact that the circulation of those on journals claiming to be " Conservative " whla -God save tthe mark -and which urged hltos the Marshal to make a coup d' slat, as 11 Al they would for Iim to take a run to the Dart Exhibition works, which he never does TI though close by-the nearer to churchl, you the farther from God --have to witness a you sensible falling oil' in their circulation. ( The Figaro, for example, has had to nam suppress its supplement, while Girardin's the ( organ La France, by writing fearless redr common sense, has now a circulation of DI 150,000 instead of 7000 I Tile fact is the knot Reactionists did not doubt a moment of insi their triumph against the Republic ; they turn sold the skin of the bear before they had a vy killed' bruin. Among other signs and A wonders, the tribunals do not convict so tlre many journals of misdomeanours now as tom before the elections. Lot us be thankful 4 st for small mercies. The municipality of Versailles have decided to baptizo one of their chief streets, "Thiers," and which leads to the Presidency-always the gall and wormwood. The Government has been asked for its official sanction, for in G France local austhorities cannot indulge in tios such changes, or even help themselves to on a barrel of sea-water, without permission Pril from head-quarters. This is the beauty 1me of that " centralisation " system of which the the French boast the world is so jealous. ints M. Gambetta having won an election bet n of 1000f., sent the amount, not to the bef poor of Paris, but to the " indigent of Go, Versailles;" but Gambetta is now a rich wet man. A great admirer of his, Mf. du Bo clnot, has bequeathed him fifteen or twenty fro million francs. Paris has "nncles" as pla well as America, or rather Switzerland, th as the deceased belonged to William Tell's co canton. There is nothing now about the Exhi- in. bition. People feool more than ever con- P. fident in its success. Sinister memos. Ja are vanishing like ghosts at cock-crow; the tickets are being printed by the Bank thl of France; a daily admiosion will cost all one franc ; for the season 1001. Every-.sts thing is very vatimal about the regula- of tions. The barmaids and dressmakers TI are in high glee; tley can compote for D S the prize of beauty, open to all comers. so A phpotograph of their charms isall that H they are required to forward. p Chopping a man's head off without vi almost shedding a drop of blood is tile latest improvement in working the guillo- S S tine. This has just taken place inthle r i case of a man nasmoed Albert. No wonder o thoe heloadaman Roch was noticed to look n dumbfounded. The EnglishGovernment u had a London police oficer present, Iwhoe a mnust have been also astonished, to report, it is said on the working of the "Bijou." i: Mamrod s slack ropes, tight ropes, and g long ropes would appear not to be at the hasteir of civilisation. Albert was a great scoundrel, and society is well rid of 1 him. T'o good traits in French execu tions: there are no meetin s to save a Smurderer's head, and the cu prit is only allowed one-parson-power to become a : convert. Albert killed an old woman, kesper of an eating house, to rob her; then he throw thle body in a well, na tlhe Russians are said to do when taking French leave of a Bulgarian village, but as tlhe body did not descend rapidly enough he dropped stones on it, though Ihe professed i resDeat for the dead." He passed his last days like a statesman, writing his mnemoirs, and llimitated the nlelont philosophers by asking the chap >n lain to road a treatise lie (Albert) com or posed on death, while having Iis arms id corded and his shirt collar and hair cut off. On approclhing the instrument ihe faltered; the exocutionor seized him it assured him " it was nothing, as he will to see," and then his neck was placed in the s- half moon of the upright plank, and all to shot into the corresponding half moon, n through which the knife falls. While t iin thils position, the unfortunato was ; heard muttering a prayer ; there was a ipause for a second to permssit Rooh to see itlhat aill was in order; thie a thud, a black t ball leaped into a basket of bran that an a- assistant shook up ; another mass like an a- ountitters' duuuny was rolled into another o basket of bran, the lead rejoined it, and a " van, escorted with a guard of moiunted polic, conducted all to the Turnip Field, i where, after formalities, it was handed . over to the School of Anatomy. Hardly sa few drops of IbloI followed the docapt 5 tation ; fear drove the blood into the in. tornal organs. Jlust as the knife full a white dog, that had fnuid its way to the I inner circle, comnuenced to howl. I noticed no "lady-reporter" present on this I occasion, but the executioner appeared strangely livid-frighteneod as it woroe which is strange for ia man that chops olff thirty heads per anonu, and whoso "ox- I pensus" in the estimates follow the grants for public instruction. All Albert asked, f when told to get up and dress for death, 9 was for permuossion to roll anid smoke a cigarette. For the future the executed, in. stead of being buried in a trench with their head between their logs, will have G their remainins enclosed in a deal coflin. The Republi liameliorats everything, you b see. It is no secret that the late Hom- t droich, Roch's predecessor, wrote a w treatise, in manuscript, against death punishment, and that the day lie 'q operated " he abstained from food and oi lived on cigars. a` The Chaix printing establishment has It hold its annual fdtc, where the appron- tl tices undergo anl xamnination and receive so prizes for proficiency in their studies and in punctual attendanco at the night school, at The "devils" receive a very superior pi education, including classics and modern pl languages, and they are paid higher salaries in proportion to their intelligence; A The apprenticeshave arighttoemployment tl when they become journeymen, and there 11 is the pension fund, where the proprietor Pt allows anl increased sum for over) year an to enuiployo rests in the oflico. Meon live at and die in that excellent establishment. tit Benson, who belongs to the " upper of toel" criminals, would have remained un known to fame, if lie had boon kicked out we of a club at Brussels when detected in so 1870 robbing, during a card party ; ou the gentleman did not like creating a - scandal. Ia Four young men returning from a pc supper party, and arriving at the Place asn do Concorde, proposed to drown them- be solves; two jumped into the Seine, des- li pite the efforts of their comrades; one was drowned. A young woman in order til to effectively commint suicido, dressed her self in the soervant's clothes, and then lis throw herself into the river-cause tooth ache. IM 'The French journals have attempted to establish a "Press Club;" it opens m badly, with a red hot Bonapartist for ca President, and a ditto for Secretary. ]Republican writers keep shy of the con- lie corn, they suspect man-traps and spring hI guns. It Dr Ponel was a firm believer in a head th being conscious after the separation from the trunk ; a railway accident placed the in requisite head within his reach ; lie was tic discovered applying a red hot iron to tlhe tongue, when a gentleman pointing to the qt trunk said, "it would be better were tile doctor to occupy himself trying to restore wi it to life." w Tihe Omnibus Company of Paris, a monopoly, refuses to roof the tops of their 40 'busses, alleging the amelioration would co attract too many passengers. It is estab- TI lished that tram-cars are one-third to cheaper than 'busses. The late Theodore Barrriore demanded to on one occasion of Baron Haussmann where an old lady friend could build a house " sheltered from the demolitions." " Along the line of a noew street," was the ds Baron's advice. Tio best stories are short ones when p, you listen to them, and long ones when you rolate them. of "Ccesar Augustus Napoleon"-what a L name to go to church or war with I-is the appellation of a monsieur who seeooks f redress before a tribunal. Dumas pere stated that if you desired to os know what the gout was place your finger inside the bone of a loeg of mutton, and di turn it tightly therein ; then place both in a vyco till tlh bone is splintered. A grocer in a Normand church-yardhas threo loaves of sugar engraved on his ' tombstone to ropresent- n-ot " salt," but " stweet"-tenrR. 