EPITOME OF NEWS. 3J- Wc compile the folloioiny from the various jour nals to hand:— The ' Echo' says :—In the Supreme Court, Sydney, before his Honor the Chief Justice and a Jury of four. Mr. Butler, Q.C., and Mr. Darley, instructed by Messrs. Slade and Smith, for tbe plaintiff; Mr. Pilcher, instructed by Messrs. Curtis and Gannon, for the de fendant. Harry Oswald Robertson sued John M'Ellione for libel. The plaintiff was a clerk in the auction branch of the Lands Department. The libel complained of was contained in a letter written by the defendant to the Minister for Lands. The letter was as follows :—" Sydney, 20th November, 1876. The Hon. T. Garrett, Minister for Lands. Sir—I have the honour to call your attention to the scandalous neglect of the case of John Thomas Frost, at the hands of the clerks in the auction branch of the Lands De partment. Mr. Frost some months since took up and paid for a portion of land which had been offered for sale and not sold. After he bought tbe land a person named Abel Harris claimed all or part of this land as bought by himself, but he took up the land at the wrong land office. Over two months since I went to the auc tion branch to look after the case for Mr. Frost, and was shown the papers by a clerk,. I think a Mr. Robertson, who told me Frost would get certain portions he had bought, and a refund for the rest without delay. Lately, I received a let ter from Mr! ^ Frost, advising pse he had not received his refund; and to-day I went to the auction branch of the Lands Office, and was told Mr. Frost's refund voucher was sent last week, and a letter had been sent to me. As I received no letter and believed Frost's refund had not been sent—after some time Mr. Robert son turned the papers up, and then coolly told me the Minister had not decided the case as yet as to who was to have the land. I beg to call your attention to the gross neglect and delay of the clerks in this case, and also to the deliberate lies told myself in reference to it. I shall call the attention of the Honse to this case when it meets, and try if there is not some way by which the Lands Depart ment, with its army of useless clerks, can not be made to do the work they are paid for. It is disgraceful beyond measure the way the work of the public is neglected in the Lands Department, and to cover the gross neglect highly paid clerks resort to lying to cover their disgraceful neglect of the public business. I have the honour to be, sir, yours obediently, J. M'Elhone." .£2000 was claimed, and defendant pleaded not guilty. After the evidence was closed, the Jury stated that they had made up their minds, and that they did not wish to hear counsel or his Honor. Subse quently the plaintiff asked for and ac cepted a non-suit. Mr. Angus Mackay said recently, at a meeting of the Acclimatisation Society in Brisbane:—Perhaps there were no two countries more alike and yet unlike each other than California and this good colony of Queensland. The dry and bare hills ou the Californian coasts were poor in comparison with the rich vegetation seen on approaching our shores. But there, iu places where the land was naturally dry and bare, the streets, even in new towns, were shaded to an extent almost surpris ing to an Australian. He himself was astonished at what he saw in this direc tion, and could mention many towns of very young growth, where the traveller could walk for miles in the shade free lyfrom dqst and glare, and. enjoy the plea sure afforded^ But it Was a matter of still greater surprise for him to find that the gums—the eucalypti of Australia— were the trees with which the Californians had ohosen to shade their streets ; and it was no figure of speech to say that there the native vegetation of Australia was thought more of than it was in its native land. He conld not help resolving that, when he got back, he would try and do something to get shade trees planted where such could be done, and—to use a Yankee expression—" trot out" some of our own gum trees for shade purposes. In one little town, called Soquel, on the Southern coast of California, he had counted as many as twelve varieties of Australian gum trees. In speaking with some of the lumberers, of the many valu able qualities of tbe gum, one thing that most struck the good lady of the house in which they were was the use of its bark for baking purposes, and she made him promise to send some seed of ironbark, a promise which he had fulfilled. In re turn he had a packet of seed, of the mag nificent redwood trees of California, which was now on the table. With regard to the redwood, it was, he feared, one of his notions when he left this country that we had the beBt timber for building purposes in the world ; but, after seeing California, a good deal of this conceit was taken out of him. They were better off in this re spect than even we are. The redwood timber had all the good qualities of our hardwoods, except strength. It worked like cedar, did not shrink, and was dur able as hardwood, even in the ground. The handsomest buildings he had ever seen were in California. The ' M. Mercury' says :—An old man named John Haddon was charged, before the East Maitland Bench, on Tuesday last, with having, on the previous day, robbed the till in the bar of the Hunter River Hotel. Coustable Aguew stated that on Monday, from information re ceived, he went to Grauey's hotel, when Mr. James Graney gave prisoner into his custody on the charge now preferred against him. Subsequently prisoner said, " I did rob it, and I will rob it every time I go into tbe house." On tbe way to the watch-house he further said, " I took these two sixpences (produced) out of the till." The amount taken was about 4s. James Graney stated that he caught prisoner with the drawer open, and his hand in the till. He caught hold of him, and prisoner let drop a quantity of silver he had in his hand. After this he noticed that prisoner had a few shil lings under his other hand on the counter. A constable was then sent for, and pri soner was given in charge. At the lock-up 4s. were found on him. After having been searched he said, " I have done it before, and will do it again." Prisoner had no money in the early morning. The police gave prisoner a very bad character, and the Beuch ordered him to prison for three months, with hard labour. The ' G. I. Examiner' says :—We are pleased to notice that one of our- local artist's (Mr. C. Wagner) paintings secured first honours at the late Inverell Show. The painting was taken from the * Gra phic' and raffled in Glen Innes some time ago; and all who have seen it Bpeak in the highest terms as to its excellence. Mr. Wagner is now engaged in other works of art, intending to compete at the forthcoming Show, to be held at Glen Innes ; and we have no doubt the result will be satisfactory to that talented gentle man. The ' Echo' saysMr. Ellis, of 220, k Pitt-street, has just imported a novelty in the way of arranged musical instru ments, which is well worthy inspection. The " self-acting harmonium," as it is called, combines the mechanism of the musical-box with a set of levers acting on reeds, producing the brilliancy of exe cution peculiar to the musical-box, with the clear resonance of the best cornet tones. The tunes are set from the most popular airs of Moody and Sankey's hymns. The ' Echo' says:—During the past few days a rumour was prevalent in one part of the city that some ghosts had been seen in the vicinity of the University, and that they had taken the form of female figures in flowing robes, and disported themselves amongst the gloomy battle ments after the " shades of evening" had closed o'er the city. Numbers of people, intermixed witli a large assortment of the^ larrikin element, congregated on several occasions in the vicinity of the seat ^ of learning for the special purpose of having a glance at the spectral visitants, and last night they were gratified beyond their most sanguine expectations. Sub In spector Eush received information of their desire, and sent Senior Sergeant M'Kay and several able-bodied constables to give them satisfaction. They found a motley crowd assembled, and also saw a figure marching up the University avenue dressed in a petticoat and covered with a sheet. The constables immediately gave chase, but this ghost was too nimble for them. It dropped its cerements, vaulted over the palings, and ran across the Bhrubbery, where it disappeared among the people and was Been no more. The sheet and petticoat were captured, how ever, and bore evidence of having been used by some person or persons with little regard for cleanliness. It is to be regretted that the police were not suffi ciently cautions and nimble to catch the delinquent, whose want of brains appears to have been compensated for by fleetness of foot. The ' Deniliquin Chronicle' says :—A gun accident, attended with fatal con sequences, occurred near Booligal on Friday, 16th instant. It appears that two young men, Michael Ryan, the land lord of the Drovers' Arms Inn at Booligal, and James Green, a friend, went out turkey shooting upon the day named, and whilst stalking a bird the horse did not obey sufficiently well the reins, and by bis moving startled the bird, which flew away; thereupon poor Eyan lost his temper, and reversing the gun foolishly struck the animal with the stock; the weapon immediately exploded, lodging the contents of both barrels in the lower part of the unfortunate man's body, and as the gun was charged with wire cart ridges, the wound was a dreadful gaping fissure, from which the entrails protruded. Eyan lived for about eight or nine hours. A cor. of the Beechwortb paper says :— It has frequently been alleged that the colonial youth is deficient in stamina, pluck, and purpose; and, in some in stances, with good reasons. It is very pleasing then to be able to point to the other side of the picture. A fire broke out on Saturday night at the house of Mr. James Grant, miner, Junction, Tack andandah. The house is a large one, built of weatherboards and shingles, and altogether different from the usual bush miner's residence, having been at one time a store, and occupied by the Messrs. Greer. By some means or other a caudle ignited the lining in one of the bedrooms, and the whole interior was soon in a blaze. The neighbours were soon on the spot, and while some were engaged re moving the furniturb, isc., others werei diligently tearing down the blazing lining. Their efforts, however, to save the build ing would have been unavailing had it not been for the prompt action and in domitable pluck of a few of the boys, who formed themselves into an amateur juvenile fire brigade, and, while part kept up a constant supply of water, others climbed on to the roof like cats, and, at the risk of life and limb, succeeded in quenching the flames, which were in several places bursting through the roof. I am told that their conduct is beyond all praise, and that their business-like way of going to work would shame some of our adult brigades. The house is pretty well gutted, and is uninsured. Most of the movables were saved. The ' Bathurst Times' says '•—At a committee meeting of the Bathnrst Hos pital, held lately, for the purpose of con sidering a draft of the annual report, Mr. John Busby informed the gentlemen pre sent that Mr. William Kite, of Dockairne, had promised the sum of £500 towards the building fund of the new hospital— the payments to extend, as in other cases, over a period of three years. The infor mation was received with applause, and in a paragraph, which was inserted in the report, the committee expressed their opinion that Mr. Kite, and Mr. Walker, of Concord (who has also given £500), were entitled to the thanks of the community , for their generous donations. The Brisbane ' Telegraph' says :— Peter, the aboriginal arrested in the month of September last, charged with the murder of John Wilkinson at Wonga Wallen Creek, on the Upper Coomera, on the 31st of July previous, and who has been suffering from wounds inflicted on him by his captors at the time of his arrest, died last night. The ' Hay Standard' says:—On Satur day last, Dr. Gordon was sent for to at tend Mr. M. Ryan, of the Drovers' Arms Hotel, Booligal, who had met with an accident. Although the doctor started immediately, the unfortunate young man had expired previous to his arrival. It appears that deceased had gone out to his selection, a few miles beyond Booligal, on Friday afternoon ; whilst riding his horse stumbled and fell, the gun he was carry ing struck the ground, and the contents of one of the barrels entered hiB abdo men, penetrating to the spine, and in flicting injuries from which he never re covered. Dr. Long was in attendance at the time of death. Deceased was a young man. A child fell down a shaft 33 feet deep at Grenfell, and from its depth was sup posed to be seriously injured, if not killed. On being recovered, however, by the father, the little fellow was found to have received only a scratch or two. The ' Singleton Argus' says At the Singleton Police Court, on Saturday, William Salter, alias William Smith, on remand, was charged with having forged a certain document with the intent to ob tain money. Senior Sergeant Du Vernet deposed: About seven p.m. on Friday, 5th January last, prisoner came to me at the Singleton police station j he said, " you don't know me V to which I re plied " oh yes, I do ; you are Bill Salter prisoner then said " I have come to ask you how I shall act; I have got a cheque of Harry Levien's, but cannot get it cashed because it is a written one, and no one knows me ; when Levien gave it to me it was in Sydney ; I have got a horse to take down for Mr. Dangar in the morning, $nt have not got the money, and if I, could get some one to back the cheque it would be all rightI declined doing so, but told him his best plan was to put it in the bank for collection, or telegraph to Mr. Scott; he said he had already ap plied to the Australian Joint Stock Bank, who had telegraphed and received an swer that Mat Scott was away in Sydney with Mr. Levien, and that Mrs. Scott never interfered with his money trans actions. By the Bench: Prisoner did not come making any complaint, and this conversation took place in an ordinary way. Examination continued : Prisoner added that he had had a great deal of trouble lately, that he was now known by the name of William Smith, but did not wish his people to know that he wac con nected with horse-training ; I disbelieved him, and at once communicated with Mait land, telling him to call on me next morn ing, when I would help him, if possible, to get the money ; the same evening I had a conversation with Mrs. Shade, landlady of the Court House Hotel; next day I received the letter produced from Con stable Hickey, and at once took it to Mrs. Shade, who stated that she had handed it to the constable to give to me; the letter, which is dated Singleton, 5th January, 1877, purports to be signed by myself, and certifies that the cheque which Mr. William Smith has got is genuine, and Mrs. Shade could cash it on my word ; also that 1 knew William Smith to bo "strongly honest," having known him for ten years ; the letter was never written by me, nor by my sanction, and, so far as I am concerned, it is a forgery ; I cannot say whether the cheque was genuine—that rests with Mr. Levien ; I do not know Smith to be strongly honest; I knew him ten years ago to be a billiard marker, and connected with racing mat ters in Armidale, when I was stationed there; I never at any time gave him a character for honesty, neither did I authorise him in any way to use my name in obtaining money. Sarah Shade de posed : She was landlady of the Court House Hotel; on the afternoon of 5th January, accused, whom witness knew by sight, came to her houBe and asked her if Bhe had any silver ; he produced a cheque for £1 10s., one of Harry Levien's, which witness at first felt disposed to cash, but noticing that it was drawn on Maitland, declined ; witness, however, gave prisoner 2s. Cd. ; soon afterwards he returned and repeated his request, remarking that he knew the sergeant would cash it, and after supper left, saying he wonld get the cash from Sergeant Du Yernet,andsubsequently returned with a note (the one produced) ; witness read it, when prisoner said, "You •ee it is all right; the sergeant sends you that; he would have given the money himself only he hadn't got it with him he then asked for 2s. 6d., then for 2s., and lastly for Is;, but was refused; witness did not know the Senior Ser geant's writing, and believed the letter did not come from him. By the Bench : Prisoner had his supper at my place, but did not pay for it ; I returned the cheque to him. By Prisoner : I cannot say how many glasses of grog you drank that night, but you appeared quite sober. Constable Hickey proved having received from last witness, and handed to the Senior Sergeant the cheque referred to. Prisoner, who reserved his defence, was committed for trial at the ensuing Quarter Sessions. Bail allowed—himself in £80, and two sureties of £40 each. The Albury cor. of the' Herald' writes : —An old and well-known press-man in the Border districts passed away to his long home on Wednesday last—Mr. T. C. Stewart, many years editor of the ' Ovens and Murray Advertiser',' mtore lately editor of the ' Murray and Hume Times,' and at the time of his death secretary to the Wodonga Shire Council. He was a uni versal favourite, and a man of great abi lity. The ' Northern Star' says that, in con sequence of the paucity of entrances, the next exhibition of the Bichmond River Agricultural Society has been postponed until further notice. At Sydney, in the case Campbell v. the Commercial Bank, arising out of the de fendants selling the Commercial Wharf, which they held as security, the verdict was for the plaintiff for £3000. Telegram from Mudgee, in the ' Echo' of 28th Feb. :—A gold miner named Augus tus Toiler, residing at Log Paddock, was picked up on Sunday morning, lying on the Maitland Road, about two miles from Mudgee. His skull was fractured, and his right arm and thigh were broken. Ho was conveyed to the Mudgee hospital, where he died yesterday. At the inquest, held to-day, a verdict of accidental death was returned. It is supposed that de ceased rode against a tree while return ing home from Mudgee on horseback. He had friends residing at Windsor. Ditto from Brisbane:—A shock of earthquake was distinctly felt here, and also at Gympie, Toowoomba, and other townships early this morning.—A fatal af fray is reported fifty miles South of Cook town, on Schnapper Point. A party of Kanakas killed three and badly wounded two others.—It is considered that Thane's Creek Rush, near Warwick, is a " duf fer." Ditto from Melbourne:—A woman named Jane Dicker has been committed for trial at the Collingwood Police Court, for the attempted murder of her hus band, by cutting his throat.—Frank Tribe, the Bank of Victoria defaulter, has been dealt with summarily, and sen tenced to twelve months' imprisonment. —Captain Kenny, of the St. Eolda bath ing ship, has been fined £25, and his stock has been confiscated, for selling without a license.—A man yesterday, at Stawell, put his hand into the lion's den at the menagerie, and had the flesh torn off by the lioness. He narrowly escaped losing his arm. The same issue says:—Heniy Trout was charged with having attempted to commit suicide by hanging. Constable Robins deposed to receiving the prisoner into custody from one John Mercer, a boarding-house keeper inAtherton-street. John Mercer deposed that the prisoner was boarding with him for some time, but that, on Thursday last, he turned him away on account of his drinking habits. On the following Saturday, from something told to him, he went into his back yard and there saw prisoner with oue end of a rope round his neck, and climbing up a pole ten feet high, appa rently with the intention of fastening the other end of the rope to the top of the pole. Witness pulled him down, and prisoner struggled with him, saying that he would do it. He was then given into custody. On his way to the police sta tion he said two or three times that He wished he was dead. He was committed to take his trial at the next Court of Quarter Sessions. The ' B. F. Press' says :—On Tuesday last a man was brought before the Bench for drunkenness and disorderly conduct, and was fined for the offence. When pay ing the fine, the man handed a £l-note to the Police Magistrate, saying that it was for the hospital. N. Z. items, from the ' Herald'The Rev. John Selwyn was consecrated Bishop of Melanesia at Nelson, on the 19th Feb., in presence of a large number of clergy and a crowded congregation.—A Nelson tele gram states that pitiable teles having been received of the distress occasioned by the floods at Motueka where many of the settlers have lost all their horses, stocks, crops, and in some cases the land itself, a public meeting was called by the Mayor which was well attended. The Bishop of Melanesia took part in the proceedings. A resolution of sympathy was passed and a committee were appointed to collect subscriptions. £90 were paid in the room.—The damages by the floods in Mo tueka district are estimated at £30,000. Many families lost homes, land, cattle, and all they had.—A painful accident happened on board Mr. Joy's yacht, the Erin. The craft is under the charge of a man called Jenkins, who, at the time spoken of, had on board a youth of abont 12 years of ago. The boy was assisting to clean out the cabin, and, when so en gaged, found a revolver under one of the cushions. Producing it, he asked Jenkins how it was flred. Jenkins, it is said, was explaining the manipulation, when, from some cause or other, the trigger fell, and, being loaded, the ball entered the right arm of young Baynes above the elbow. The youth was at once conveyed on shore, and his mother, staunching the wound as well as possible, bropght him over to Auckland. The ' Narrabri Herald' says :—A report has reached us to the effect that another— *"" unfortunate straggler, having become be wildered and lost in the buBh, has been found dead. As far as we have been able to gather, the particulars, few, are as fol low . Some short time since a wayfarer applied for work on Burren station, but none being forthcoming, he went on his way. Not knowing the lay of the country, the man would seem to have wandered hopelessly astray, as a body found, within one mile of a dam containing plenty of water, has been identified as that of the same poor fellow, who had evidently perished of thirst. The ' Braidwood Dispatch' says On j Monday we were shown a fine nugget of pure gold weighing 6 ozs. 17 dwts., which had been obtained by a party engaged in ground-sluicing at Settlers' Flat, Little River. The nugget in question was very i smooth on the surface, but a little water worn at the edges. | Telegram from Melbourne, in the ' Echo' of 1st inBt. A man, whilst I crossing the railway line last night, near Stawell, was run over and cut to pieces. The police, to-day, arrested John Turner, the man who was wanted by the police, and in mistake for whom, it is believed, Father Healey was Bhot at Narandera. At a meeting of the Colonial Mutual Life Association it was stated that the income from premiums alone is nc?T'£28f>Sl A fine Bteady rain fell all day. About 7 ~"~~" o'clock the weather cleared, a little, but later in the evening a very heavy down pour of rain set in, completely flooding the streets. It has been pretty general all over the colony. Ditto from Liiunctston "—Heavy rains have set in. In most parts of the colony rain has been much wanted. The ' Maitland Mercury'says :—" Keep My Name Out."—Every reporter whose duty compels him to attend the Police Courts is familiar with the above, as they are constantly pestered with the request. We would remind those persons who have made such requests, or who in future are inclined to make them, that the only way in, which they can keep ttheir names, oi of the police reports is to themselves to be brought before the Court. They forget when making such requests that it is for the very purpose of reporting the proceedings of the Court that the reporter is present. We make the above remarks in consequence of having received two such requests on a late Court day, and to save ourselves the trouble of being continually compelled to refuse them. The Parkes cor. of the 'Herald' writes: —The interesting case of Edward Drew was disposed of at the police office on Wednesday last. It appears Mr. Drew was a messenger from the Insolvent Court, Sydney, sent up to attach, if pos sible, properties and possessions in re es tate of F. J. Connelly. Mr. Drew over stepped his power by representing himself to be a "detective," and went to the residence of Mr. Connelly, and there after sundown searched the house and person of Mrs. Connelly. The search was fruitless. The Bench animadverted on the conduct of prisoner towards Mrs. Connelly, who it was well known was a very respectable woman. The Bench fined him £5, or in default one months' imprisonment in Forbes gaol. The fine was paid. A case of a plaintiff being mulcted in a sum of money for bringing a frivolous charge occurred in Bathurst lately. The ' Times' says Mrs. Barton, the wife of a school-teacher at Kelso, was summoned by a person named Drew, who charged her with illusing his son, a hoy 9 years old. The utmost that was proved against Mrs. Barton was that she had slapped the left cheek of the boy; but, as it turned out from the evidence, their Worships be came convinced that the lad, on account of his impudence, deserved very much more than he had received, and the con clusion of the Bench was that the case should be dismissed, with costs against the person who brought the summons. The Court costs were 7s. 8d., and the professional costs £1 ifc.—£1 8s. 6d., which the complainant was peremptorily told he must pay. ------ The Blayney cor. of the ' B. F. Press* writesFence Burning. This seems to be an outlet for the spleen of some mali cious person, as an act of incendiarism was committed on the estate of Messrs. Glasson Bros., a few days since, by which fully half a mile of log fencing was de stroyed, and that in such a retired spot, and so far from any frequented road, as not to leave any doubt but that it was maliciously done, and for the purpose of destroying a large quantity of good feed m a paddock of 1200 acres. Had the fire occurred a short time later, when the wind had risen, nothing could have saved the whole of the valuable feed in the paddock. A second case occurred on the farm of Mr. R. Stmson, whereby about 30 rods of log fencing was burned, but this was through the carelessness of a man in lighting a " fire to boil some water, for dinner, and communicating with- the dry grass the flames soon reached the fence, and if it had not been that plenty of help was at nana much damage must have been done. The ' Standard' says that a Christ church medical practitioner had a lucky windfall a few days ago. One of his pa tients having succumbed to the malady for which the gentleman in question had treated him, it was found on opening de ceased's will that £500, nearly all he possessed, had been bequeathed to that fortune disciple of Esculapius. Chas. Graham (with a lot of aliases), under remand on suspicion of being one of the robbers of the Bank at Coolah, has also been charged with horse stealing. Mr. Bawden, M.P., having declined the Mayorship of Grafton, after liis late re-election, Messrs. Page and Chapman, who were proposed as candidates, ob tained an equal number of votes. Mr. Page then withdrew, and Mr. Chapman was declared elected. Early on Sunday morning, 25tli ult., flames broke out in one of two shops rented by Mrs. Montague, a milliner in Toowoomba. The premises and stock of both were consumed. The ' Chronicle' states that the lire spread to a boarding house adjoining, kept by Mr. Harris, and also to Mr. White's shoe-making shop, both of which were destroyed. Little or nothing was Baved from the flames. A large number of townspeople were in attendance, and worked hard in the suppression of the conflagration, and with much difficulty succeeded in arresting the spread of the fire to the premises of Messrs. Lehman and Hoy, which were in close proximity. Of the origin of the fire nothing at present is known. The total amount covered by J insurance is ,£2000, of which Mrs. Mon tague's stock was insured for ,£1000. The ' Gazette' states that a fire engine was in close proximity, but that it was locked np, and the man who had the key lived about three-quarters of a mile away. The agents of the insurance com panies have requested that an inquest be held on the fire. A gold nugget of 12 ozs. has been found near Bingera. Telegram from Bourke, in Friday's ' Echo' :—There has been a tremendous downpour of rain since 2 o'clock this morning. The river is 30 feet above summer level.—Mr. Brook Forster, tele graph inspector, died suddenly at West Bourke.—On Monday, 26,000 sheep, Fitzgerald's, of Toban, were travelling up the Bogan to Tinapagle. There is not a blade of grass feed. Ditto from Brisbane :—Mr. Darvall, Auditor General, will shortly resign.— TKirty-three feet frontage to Queen street, next the Royal Hotel, sold for £175 per foot. Ditto from Melbourne:—The libel ac tion, Ley Kum v. ' Australasian,' has re sulted in a verdict being returned for plaintiff', with Is. damages.—The evi dence given at the inquest on Mary Ann Connolly to-day proved that she died from the result of external violence, but there was no evidence to show how the violence was caused. Ditto from Adelaide :—The Treasurer states that the revenue for January and Febuary exceeds that for the correspond ing periods of last year by £20,000.— Only seven immigrants are now being maintained at the Government expense. —The schooner Postboy, which was lost off Glenelg, has been raised. It appears that even in Sydney there are difficulties about getting rid of infirm persons. The ' Echo' says :—To-day, at the Central Police Court, Patrick Ros siter, the paralytic who, having been re fused admittance into the Benevolent Asylum and the Infirmary, was on Fri day last remanded to gaol for temporary protection, was brought before the Court again. The Justices directed him to be discharged, with a recommendation for admittance into the Liverpool Asylum, and to leave upon the officials at that Institution any further responsibility. The ' Toowoomba Chronicle' says :—A jumping match that excited considerable interest took place in the Hon. James Taylor's paddock, Mort Estate, yesterday afternoon, between J. Perkins and Davis, the American, the stakes being £10 a side. About one hundred persons witnessed the contest. The betting was in favour of the American, five to one being asked on Perkins, but with few takers. Messrs. R. Renwick and M". Harris acted as judges. Davis led off by jumping 33ft., and was followed by Perkins with 38ft. 9iu. Davis again went on, this time scoring 41ft. 10in. Perkins took the two following jumps, only scoring 40ft. 3in., Davis thus winning the match by lft. 7in. | The Goondiwindi cor. of the 'Too- | woomba Chronicle' writes :—I omitted to state in my last another sad accident that befell a domestic servant of Mr. Walsh, of Cobbinonbila, about a fortnight ago. The dress of the unfortunate wo man, while engaged with pots on the fire, caught the flames, and the injury was so severe that she only lingered a few days, when death supervened. The ' Singleton Argus' says :—A few evenings ago a party of three or four persons stretched a drag net across the Hunter at the rear of John-street, and after trawling for about sixty yards were successful in landing over one hundred and eight fish of various sorts, many of them weighing several pounds. The Brisbane ' Telegraph' says :—News paper actions are rife in Cooktown. Dr. Ahearne has sued the ' Herald' for libel, claiming £2000 damages ; while the editor of the ' Courier' claims £200 from Mr. Yonngson for assault. The ' Maitland Mercury' says :—On Wednesday evening, after dark, a brown snake was seen creeping along the shadow of the Denison Hotel, in St. Andrew and High streets, and some children were ac tually playing with it. It made its way to the hall door, where a young man named Edwards killed it with a billiard cue. It measured about four and a half feet. _Thfi ' Murrurundi Times' says :—Mr. G. Nowland, of Warrah Ridge, informs us that he has successfully experimented ; with ammonia as a cure for snake- bite. A dog belonging to him was bitten by a black snake, the reptile retaining its hold for some time, in spite of the dog's efforts to get rid of it. As soon as pos sible the dog was caught and the bitten part of the flesh cut out, the surrounding flesh tightly squeezed, and the ammonia then freely applied to the wound, small doses of ammonia also being administered. The dog soon showed signs of drowsiness, which continued for some time but gra dually wore off, after which it recovered slowly its former health and vigour, re taining no other traces of its danger than the wound caused by cutting the poisoned flesh. A contemporary states that seventy three thousand pounds an acre was re cently paid for a pieee of land in Mel bourne, by Mr. George W. Petty. That gentleman has purchased a half-acre block in Bourke-street East, adjoining the Opera House, for the sum of .£36,500, and it is j said that it is his intention to erect on the property a magnificent theatre. The ' Dubbo Dispatch' says On Sa turday last, Mr. W. G. Thompson, of the Coalbaggie, met with a serious accident through a gun bursting. He was firing the weapon, and the barrel burst, shatter ing Mr. Thompson's thumb and hurting Lhis forehead. He is now at the Dubbo fospital, under the care of Dr. Tibbits, and progressing rapidly to recovery. j Thos. Newman has been committed for trial charged with the outrage and mur der near Coonabarabran. An association in favour of protection to native industries has been formed at Wallsend. The Melbourne ' Telegraph' says :—One of the leading Boft-goods firms of the city has set an example which the others would do well to follow. It is generally known that the last half-year has been a profitable one for the trade. Bad debts have been scarce, prices have been good, and sales have increased. The resident partner of the firm referred to determined not to keep all the fruits of this prosperous state of things to himself, and one day last week he gave his salesmen and other hands a splendid pic-nic, after which he distributed £1000 amongst them as bo nuses. The ' Rockhampton Bulletin' says :— The quiet township of Yaamba has just been startled by a freak of fortune. R. Smith, a selector of that neighbourhood, is reported to have fallen heir to a for tune of £400,000, consisting chiefly of property in Cornhill, London. _ He heard about it two or three months since, but it was only this week that lie received a . letter from a Melbourne solicitor, asking him to forward a power-of-attorney. Mr. Smith, who has been in the colony ten j years, has a small selection and a few | head of cattle. He is in humbld circum- 5 stances, and has been in the habit of earning a little by fencing. He is occa sionally to he seen in town with a dray. Near Narendera, the other day, a man named M'Fadjean was found with' his skull blown off. It is supposed that he 1 shot himself, while suffering from delirium i tremens. Michael Shehly, 41), a builder and stone mason, was lately working at Elizabeth Bay, when he received a sunstroke, and died while being taken to the Sydney 'In firmary. Matthew Johnston, 40, a brewer, was recently sent to a cell at the Darlinghurst j police station, while deranged from the j effects of drink. He died before. Dr. Egan could see him. A post-mortem showed that death occurred from ■ lung apoplexy. The ' Herald's' Mudgee cor. writes :— As Mr. Curtis, master of the Pipeclay Public School, was going to church on last Sunday, he saw a man lying close W the road, not far from the race course^ and about two and a half miles from Mudgee. Information was given to th$, police, who had the man at once con veyed to the hospital. He was insensible on arriving there, and never recovered; consciousness, dying on yesterday (Mon day) evening. Both his leg and arm were broken, which injuries he is sup posed to have received through being thrown from his horse. The name of the deceased was Bollard.—Most of the wheat in the district has been threshed, and the crops, though fair, have in many instances hardly coma up to anticipations. A good deal of wheat is being sent from here to Wallerawang, en route to the metropolis. Its Parkes cor. writes :—Numbers of sheep are being dropped by travellers, dying from want of grass. It tells a tale as to the state of the country when the kangaroos are yielding to the drought; around some of the stations many are dying, or, being weak from want of grass, are easily captured on foot.—A very sad accident happened, on Thursday last, to a lad of twelve years of age, a son of a carrier, named Dowton. Dowton, after having delivered his loading at Thomas and Foster's store, in Parkes, ^returned" homeward, and went about fourteen miles on the Orange Road; the horse the lad was riding in company with the team be came affrighted with the thunderstorm, and, throwing the youth, his leg having caught in the stirrup, dragged him some distance, until the stirrup-leather came from the saddle. The poor boy lived but two hours after. A half-caste named Robert Bonner, of 18 years, undergoing a sentence in Dar linghurst gaol for horse stealing, hanged himself, a few days ago. He used a piece of his shirt as a cord, and fastened it to one of the bars of the gate. Telegram from Hill End, in Saturday's ' Echo':—Henry Witcher, a miner, was seriously injured last night by the ex plosion of a missed hole, which he was drilling out with a five feet drill. Ditto from Gulgong :—This evening, while some miners were clearing an old prospecting shaft, Black Lead, they came across the remains of a man. An. inquest will be held to-morrow. Ditto from Melbourne:—C. T. Rowley was to-day committed to prison for niue months, by the Insolvency Commissioner, for offence against the statute. Ditto from Adelaide :—Messrs. Reeve and Currie, large English contractors, arrived by the mail. They have come here with the view of tendering for the railway.—Wheat has been sold to-day on the wharf at Gs. 4|d. | Ditto from W. Australia, via Adelaide:— The Government have received fifty yards of satin, made from silk grown in this colony.—Seven miles of the Geraldton and Northampton Railway have been completed.—A steam dredge is employed in removing obstructions at the mouth of the Swan River.—W. Bayliss has been committed for the manslaughter of his paramour.—Mr. Drummond, J.P., of Champion Bay, an old colonist, has been committed for trial for shooting a man.— , Most of the grape crops are affected with blight and the oidium.—The yield of grain this season is slightly above the average. The crops are free from red rust. Ditto from N.Z. :—The Coronet, from the South Sea, has arrived at Auckland, and reports the Bellevue, which left Syd ney five months ago, as arriving safely, and having loaded proceeded on a voyage to Cork. The crew mutinied, and the captain was compelled to put back to Tahiti. After settling all disputes he resumed his voyage, but the vessel stranded on a reef as she was going out, and the wreck was sold for 50 dollars. An Adelaide paper says :—A man resid ing at Oaklands, Yorke's Peninsula, sent his son, aged about 14, down a rather deep well to fetch np a bucket. When the boy had descended, the father, to save himself the trouble of winding him up, ordered the boy to make fast to the rope, which the man attached to a team of bul locks, and drove them along, drawing the rope over the windlass. The boy was drawn to the top, both his arms were broken, and he, with the bucket, was then precipitated to the bottom of the well, whence he was taken up dead, with his neck, it is said, broken. He was buried without an inquest or enquiry of any kind. A man who had been married twice to' ladies both named Catherine, advised his friends against taking dupli-kates. A Hint foe the Conference.—What Ottomans were made for. To be sat upon.—'Punch.' 