P* ? ^ , ' ' ' ' ? ' ' '- * ? ??- THitSHELEB. 'r; ..-' ' -??; ?''??- ,??.;? : . ' ? ? ? ' .'?.??,-,.., V ! ?-, THE RETURM JOURNEY TO MEJ.BOURME, -MOODY ANO SAKKEY.-BOSTOML Tbv otjr travelling correspondent.], ' My farewell viaifc to New York was very enjoyable. Tho intense cold of December, and the early part of January, had been suc ceeded by bright genial weather, which f would have made out o£ door exercise j delightful, but for the snow, which during i the alow process of, thawing converted tho ti \ streets into rivera of slush, and made pedea. | j trian exercise extremely uncomfortable, I } while a journey upon wheels was even worse. |M But the society in doora made amends for W, 1 the discomforts of the streets, and between |k| literary entertainments, dinner parties, balls, : H| Germans, andoccasiodal visits to the theatre B or opera, I contrived . _ to. pass a very h§ agreeable timo until the hour , came ?« when I had to turn my back upon New Hi York, and once more head for dear old Mel El bourne. , All roads lead to Rome, says the KB old adage, and it is, possible to reach the E| Victorian metropolis by a great variety of Hf ways. Not having seen Canada, I determined |H to take the Dominion in my way to Aus mm tralia, and to travel towards San Francisco ifl by way of Boston, Portland, Montreal, HI Toronto and Niagara .Falls to Chicago,, fa Omaha and Salt Lake City. The way was i |1| long, and the weather was cold, but the WM places of interest which my route enabled me lug to visit amply compensated me for all my, ||J trouble and expense. ; ' HI I have already described the: country be H tween New York and Hartford, and the HI only new feature which struck me on the HI laafc occasion I passed over that oft-trodden ||| route was the immense quantity of snow ym lying upon tho ground — for there is a very HI perceptible difference in temperature as soon HJ aB New York is passed — aud the neatness of || the New England villages and farm Igi steads was particularly noticeable after my ii recent tour in ' Virginia. After passing || Hartford the country which I traversed M was new to me. . At Springfield, the next || important town after, Hartford is passed, M the railway enters the State of Mas-' H aachusetts. ' The city is remarkable for its H important manufactures' in '? paper, iron, H locomotives, railroad cars, arms and H woollen goods, and for being tho H head-quarters of the Springfield Republican, B one of the best country newspapers in tho n whole Union. Tho manufacturing lion is M tho United States. Arsenal, nt which 2S00 h poraonB aro employed, aud in which rifles fm and small arms of a quality not to bo ex HJ celled by those in uso in othor portions of H the world are manufactured.' America iB as m well up in tho arts of war aa those of peaoo, P aud her export of arma and ammunition to M Europo ia ? on an oxtonsivo scalo. Sovoral m cargoes havo recently beon shipped to Turkey M and to Russia from Now Haven and Pro if vidence ; and if only tho cash woro forth H coming American manufacturers aro quite H ready to provido tho Moslem, and tho Musoo M vito with tho means of cutting one another's H throats. Fifty miles boyond Springfield ia H Woroestor, a- oity with a population of ii 45,000, with hnndaomo streets, all planted M with troos, with many important rannufno um torioB, nnd 0110 of tho boat sulioola of toohao |U logy in tho United Ktatoa. Professor Tuonan. E|| eou, who is in chargo of tho inatituto, lma |H probably paid more attention to this depart rai ment of education than any other instructor H in tho country ; and hio methods, while not H aiming at making young men oithor draughts M men, engineers, millwrights or carpontora, if RivcB thoin juat that amount of soiontilio M unowledgo which enables thorn to apply the m purely toolmical instruction they acquire in El vr° W0r''8U0P t° ^l0 boat poaaiblo advautngo, m Moro than this doou not scum practicable Wja until the boy has cither ohoson n trado for m LimBolf or Uao had ono eolootod for him by H hia frionds or relatives. In tho primary m school boya havo an opportunity ot acoing m various kinds of trades carried ou, and various m uoauriptiona of machinery in motion. A hd ?I ifllcopt for n short timo nt uarpoutorlng, a mt ftharb timo at motnl working, a short timo at H wood working, auriaoou. Itiuoxpootodthatby B two plan hin peculiar bont will bo diacovored, ?I and that both paronta and boyo will havo H ooino oxftot information to guido them in ij that important inattor— tho ohoico of- a n tftido ; a «tcp which, undor tho old plan, wao m uaunlly tnkou entirely in tho dark, ^yhon it H flM boon dotormiuod that 0, bov ohonld bo ? cpmo a carpoutor, tho rout of liis tcohnolo H Bioautudios arc duvotod to thoao , bianchos ? wliloh will bo rnonb uuoful to Uim iu tho ? wado whialj hn8 boon aulootod, Tho toohno jORiata mu\ oduoationaliata of Maaanohusotts nuvo paid grout attoution to tho oduontipuiil ?xhiblts at tho OontonuiaJ, and thoy nvo I''ly alivo to tho nooossity of inahitalniug too high iMsition whioh their Sfcfttb' hue al r''«y ftttalnod iu 'iuyohttona and moolnmica. Boforoloavina Now York lima writtonto » Wona ro»iding at Boston - to nub mo trough tlmt oity, iu ordor to onablo me to boo anything ronmrkuble in as short a buroo 01 timo as posiibln, and tho limb thing that Boetad me on my mbitA At tho Parker' on«o was *n Invitation to be pr«sdn- «f the ''Goapol meeting conducted by Messrs. Moody and _ Sankey at tho Tabernaclo.' Anxious to take part in a movement which enjoys snch world-wido celebrity, I pre sented myself . at- the door, loading to tho platform about , half-an-hour boforo the time at which tho exercises were to com mence. . ? The career of Moody and Saukey in Great Britain ia well-known to the majority of Vic torian readers. Since the return of the two evangelists, as thoy are termed by their ad herents, to America, they have labored in the large cities of Philadelphia and Chicago. The results were very much what thoy were in London and Liverpool. There was a marked increase in the attendance at the various churches, and in the number of communicants ; but whether or nob the improvement is likely to be, permanent, or whether the effects of Moody and Sankey 's administrations havo already died away, it 13 impossible to determine, inasmuch as no two persons are agreed upon the facts, and the most contradictory statements aro made. The religious world of Bostonweredetermined that the capital of New England, the city of Theodore Parker, the head- quarters of Universalism, should not lose the opportu nity of being revived, so they built a large tabernacle of wood and brick, one story high, and without galleries, but haviog at one eud a raised platform, in the centre of which is a harmonium and reading-desk. Behind the platform are three rooms — tho centre, which ia also the smaller, ia the private retiring room of Messrs. Moody and Sankey, while to the right and left are apartments known as inquiry rooms, in which, after the Go3pel meeting has come to an end, any persons anxious to receive further information, or to obtain spiritual comfort and advice, are con fronted by a number of earnest persons, who endeavor to complete the work which the two evangelists have commenced. The tabernacle co3tabout £8000 to erect, and will seat 5912 persons. , Upon the occasion of my visit every seat in the immense building was filled, and there were, iu addition, several hundred persons standing in the aisles. To say that the vast assemblage was perfectly orderly would be doing but scant justice to tho influence which Moody and Sankey exer cise. The stillness was almost painful, and during the pauses in the worship the ticking of a watch, or the dropping of a pin, might have been easily heard. Precisely at half- past two p.m. the choir aang a number of hymns, in which the whole of the congregation was invited to join, but ? in which, aa a matter of fact, a very small proportion took part, so that tho grand re sult produced by a large numbar of persona singing, the wonderful, I had almost writton awful, effect of the unaccompanied human voice of a vast multitude was wanting. After about a quarter of an hour had thus been spent iu Binging hymns, Messrs. Moody and Sankoy stopped forward. All eyes were turned to the two evangelists, and I had a good opportunity of observing both thom and their auditors. Tho latter consisted, to a very largo extent, as might bo expected in a congregation which had met for worship on a week-day afternoon, of womon, and the largor number seemed to belong to tho lower middle classes, tho wives, mothers, Bistors and daughters of small traders and well-to-do arttBans. There wore a few fomalos who appoarod to bo domestio ser vants, or tho wives of persons, belonging to tho laboring classes, a few negroos, and a sprinkling of tho wealthy. But tho lower middle class, tho samo sootion of so ciety which attends tho ministrations of Spurgoon in London, aud Talinago in Now York, wero in tho majority. Most of tho mon woro vorging upon the sore and yellow leaf, tho fow in tho primo of lifo appearing to bo country folko, who had oomo to Boston, and woro doing Moody and Saukey as part of tho dissipations of tho Now England metropolis. Although the umuoa of Moody and Sankey aro invariably coupled togethor, thoy play a very unequal part in tho sorvicos. Saukey ia tho procontor ; ho does nothing moro than load tho singing ; the heavior portion of tho work, . tho preaching and praying, falls upon Moody. Dwight Lyman Moody ia a nativo of Massachusetts, aud is forty years of ngo. Loft fatherless when only four yoora old, ho obtained a very partial education, and at sixtouu camo to Boston, whoro ho ob talnod omploymout in a otoro. Though born n Unitariau, ho bocamo whon nineteen a convert to Congregationalism ; and aoou aftor joining a ohuoh, ho felt anxious to induco othoroto follow hia example. Frowned upon by the regularly ordained ministora of Inn denomination, ho gave himoclf up ou tiroly to preaching somo ton years altar his ilrut becoming iinbuud with religious senti ments. Since that period ho haa gradually acquired a groat reputation, ana nt tho present timo his naino ia a houso hold word whorovor tho ISnaliuh'langnage ia spoken, In portion Mr. Moody ia tho rovorao of ureposaoBaing.. Ho looks lfko a in&u; who enjoys tho good things of this world. Ho is very stout), with' n round head resting upon, a ahorb thick nook, unploMantly suggestivo of apoplexy. His 70too is not musical, and his aooont is .that of an unoduoatod Now Enclauder, a sort of oross between tho dmloob of tho Cornish aud tho Wolali. Ho wonrs n round bushy beard, and thora is a twinklo in his oyo aa though ho could np proolftto ft good joko, or n good dinner. Altogether a mrm aftor tho groat reformer, Martin Luther's, own heart— ono who lovos 'woman, wiuo ami song,' Mr. Sankoy is n man of bottor npuoarauoo «ud manner, tail, rathor good-looking, with ro. lined features, not altogether unlike thoso ot Sir Charles MaoMahon, Although porhaps tho honorable gentleman would nob foci flattered by |h« oompArison. When Sankey ?ingrhti face lightt up wonderfully, au* h« looks both handsome and dignified. Mr, Sankey is a Pennaylvanian,' of mixed English and Irish parentage, and ia three years younger than his colleague, having been born in 1810. After Messrs. Moody and Sankey had made their* appearance, the former read a few sentences from the Epistle of St, Paul, announced the nature of the sermon on the two succeeding days, and then called upon Mr. Sankey to sing a hymn.. Sankey'a singing is very peculiar. His voice ia worn, hia method ia inartistic, and at times there was a ludicrous resem blance between hio style and that of the Brudder bones, at an Ethiopian concert. Bufa before long I began to understand the secret of tho immense pontver which ho undoubtedly wields. It is apparent that he entirely Iose3 all conscious ness of the fact that ho 13 singing before six thousand persons, and that he is only thinking of the hymn. The words de scribed the joy of the repentant aihner, and the intensity of feeling 'which the eipger threw into them was, marvellous. ,* He seemed to realise that he wa3 aaveS; that his repentance was accepted, and the joy of his heart found its natural vent in hia song 'of praise. It was impossible to believe that Sankey wa3 merely acting. One could not help being carried away by his fervor, his fire aud passion. After the singing, Mr. Moody commenced hi3 addre33. In uncouth and ungrammatical language, but in tones of power, and with an earnestness which convinced one of his sin cerity, he described the workings of the Holy Ghost. How, when Christianity en tered into the spirit of a man, everything evil was. driven out. How grace was tho only antidote to drunkenness and other vice. Ho illustrated his arguments ay several stories. One of them was an anecdote about his own little son. The mother saw him playing with a pair of Bcissors, and was anxious to take them away, She thought that if she tried persuasion the child might hold them only the .more tightly, and that if she employed force ho might hurt himself, so she ran into the next room and got an orange. The child loved oranges even better thanjplaying with scissors, and no sooner was the fruit, offered than the dan gerous plaything waa abandoned, 'And so,' said Moody, 'if the grace of God gets into the drunkard's heart, down will go the scis3ora.J1 The preacher was very severe on the educated clergy. Dull orthodoxy \\}&s; tho worst enemy that Christianity had to encounter. Ho dreaded it more than any of the 'isms.' The tendoncy of professing Christiana in America waa to have a fine church, fine flowers, fine singers and an eloquent minister, who, while he would dilate upon tho Bins of the patriarohs, and the vicea of men and women who had been dead for three thousand years, took excellent care not to preach anything that would shock tho sensibilities of hia pew-holders. There ia no doubt that Mr. Moody tella many home truths, and this is one of thom. 'While tho ordinary remuneration of the clergy in Anie rioa is less, when' tho expenses of living aro taken into consideration, than is paid to minis ters of religion in any other part of tho world, a fow who have great oratorical and rhetorical gifts draw enormous salaries. Tho price of pews at Plymouth Church, Brooklyn, equals tho amount given for opora boxes in London or St. Petorabursb, and the incumbents of soino of tho Isew York churches are clothed in purplo and lino linen, and faro sumptuously overy day. But these gentlemen concentrate all their efforts upon their sermons. The rest of their clerical f uuotions aro . systematically neglected by them, and in this proceduro thoy aro sup ported by the pewholders. Ono gentleman told mo that ho objected to hia paator wast ing hia timo on tho sick and poor who did not pay him, instead of spending hia time in elaborating and polishing sarmona for tho benefit of tho wealthy who did. In his diatribes against theao apostles of tho gon teol Mr. Moody haa tho sympathy of his audiouco, whioh is not generally com posed of tho class whoso snobbery and soltlahuosa ho so properly trounces. It ia to his plain-spokennesd aud lib earnestness that ho owoa hia influence. That it ia very great no ono can deny who haa aeeu aix» thousand poraona hanging on hia words as though thuir ualvutieu depended upon thoir not losing a oingla syllable. Mr, Moody concluded hia address rather ab ruptly, wound up with a short prayer, ami dismissed hia congregation witha benediction. Aa I passed by hbi private room on my way out I saw Bcorc3 of persons waiting thoir turn for aa interview, while in tho inquiry rooms thoro ware an orai largor number oursujoiI. in Animated discussions witu tho various 'workers,' earnest men who endeavor to assist; the two ovangeUsts. I do not fool called upon to express an opinion about tho normauonco of the effect that Moody and baukoy produoo. That is rather a question for the divine than the journalist. But that *t the present moment they Are stirring New England to tho depths ho would lip a bold, uuu who would, venture to deny. I Attouded a mooting of the Froo-trade Club with the hopo of discovering what tho free- traders of the Hub had to say for them, selves, tor tho oraclos of tho party iu Ame rica bo rarohr do moro than Argue that a time may ooine When tho producers and manufac turers will bo desirous of cheapening tho cost of production, that some protectionists have gono so far as to say, with a Western pro fessor, that 'no man of brains or judg* numb believes in ovon the theory of froo- trade,' That ia not quite thofaet, for David A. Wells Professor W. O. Snmner. and Professor Perry argu©- not only that America, anting overtaken tb» domwtio market, tad fcetog » wuptftov wit* BngK land in the foreign, is nowin a positum to do , without protection, but that, ft' was a mis take ever to have resorted to it. ; To my astonishment I found that the Free-trade Club of Boston had abandoned for the-* pre sent all idea of advocating, their peculiar views, a3 they felt that the task* war hopeless, and that they had decided, for the present &£ any rate, to concentrate all their efforts on procuring a resumption of specie payments^I listened to a very animated disdjjssion upoar a paper written by a gentleman who con sidered that the be3t way to resume was to deprive the banks of the right to is3ue notes upon the security of Government bonds, and to restrict the iaaue to the notes of the Government. I waa a3ked the nature of our currency in Australia, and some little sur prise waa expressed that the Government of Victoria allowed the banks to keep the issue of paper money in their own hands, and. did hot charge them anything for the privilege. I spent two or three days at Boston very agreeably. The Somerset Club is, par excellence, the club ot America, 'and the Bo3tbnians are so remarkable for their cul ture,, thair'reflnemenfc. and, their_ hospitality that I regretted that my stay was so short. The society of Bo3toa ia 03 nearly as pos sible an : ideal society. Men and women; there hold their social po sition, not on account of their wealth, their birth or their political influence, but for their literary ability. Artists, profeason and men of letters hold the first place in the sa!ona_ of the Massachusetts capital ; and the question asked of a man ia not how many qnarterin*g3 of nobility he possesses, or how many millions he ha? made or inherited, bat the sort of examination he passed at Har vard or Yale, the number of books he h&3 written, and the imprearion mode by them upon the world. A member of the Victorian wealthy lower ordera would have a very poor show in Boston, 