Music and the Drama. Tbe foots not otherwise Than fiere set down. BRBBIDAK KHOWXBS. ONB of tho many " thousand natural ills that flesh is heir to'' having " had me o' the hip" for some days and nights, prevented my usual notice of things musical and dramatical last week, and must ourtail this article also. I was very reluctantly compelled to absent myself from Airs. Rosenberg's concert, which was, I hear, given with considerable success at the Masonic Hall on Monday evening. The week that has passed was devoted to Shaksperian plays at the Victoria Theatre, Mr. Dampier appearing as Othello, with Mr. B. N. Jones as Iago, and on tbe following evening play ing Iago, without jealousy, to Mr. Fulford's Othello, in which character I was pleased to hear Mr. Fulford confirmed my own impression that he IB likely to become a very useful and competent actor. Mr. Dampier also repeated " Hamlet," and a friend, for whose opinion I had waited some time, saw the Prince of Denmark, but, strange to say, did not think he saw " Hamlet " He would, and will I suppose, maintain that the Dam y er ian ,k KamleJ" smaoKs too strongly of the stage to be true to nature, and in some portions of Mr. Dampiers performance who can gainsay the re mark i He thought the Ghost a " great " embodiment, and felt half inclined to rush out to see if it really could " steal away out at the portal " of the narrow stage door, after "whetting its father's almost blunted pur pose." With Mr. John Bryan as Claudius and Mr. J. J. Bartlett as Hamlet, senior, what a " counterfeit pre sentment" of two brothers Hamlet, junior, could ex hibit to his mother. Of the melodrama, in which Mr. 'olin Bennett's company have since been playing, I hope to have more to say next week. At tbe Theatre Royal the attraction has boen varied and successful, and I believe I missed a great treat in not being present to witness Mr Morton Tuvnres in the character of Iago, with to r. G. D Chaplin HS Othello. I have read that Mr. Tavares can play lapo, and I still hope to see him do so. Miss Surtees waB to have played Desdemona, but owing to illness could not do DO. Those brilliant comedies "The School for boanda]," " London Assurunoe," and " Sohool," have also been played, but I cannot spoak of thom for rcaBons too patent to overcome. Messrs, Ooopw and Bailey's grand combination of in struotion and amusement, forming their mammoth menagerie and circus, has perambulated the city and established itself in its former "location," the Hay market reserve. The "tallest" feature of the entire show, the beautiful giraffe, I regret to learn, met with a fatal accident en route from Hobart Town, owing to injury received during a gale. This is a severe loss to trie proprietors, as well as to the public, for it was a fine specimen of the cameleopard. The exhibition retains all its former popularity, and tue instructive remarks made by Air. Gonliy, as ho exhibits the at imale, rivet the attention of the juveniles and their soniors, aud make the menagerie literally the " schoolmaster's friend" in natural history The animals themselves especially the HODS, one of whom is the most obliging creature in the show, and runy occasionally be sean shaking hands, lion wisp, with friends whom he ann recognise, even among the ero vi ds who throng the show. Mr Johnson, the lion tamer, exhibits wonderful nervo and skill in his performances with the lions and tigers, which are witnessed with a thrill of dread accompanying the wonder of the spec tators. The arena of sports contains enough amuse ment to satisfy the great numbers who are present at each representation. AB the stay of the exhibition is very limited, all who desire to see a giantio combination in which there is quite as much to instruct as there is to amuse, should not omit to visit Messrs. Cooper and Bailey's allied shows, to which the one price of admis sion admits to both exhibitions Wilson's Mammoth Circus, after a very successful season, have closed their performances, but have left a very favourable impression indeed, both as to their variety, merit, and originality. Mr. Wilson's stud of horses is too well known for their breed and training to need praise except from a Pegasuan pen, which could alone describe the " points " in which equine performers excel each other; but even it woul I think, have praised the beautiful black horse, which had been so admirably trained by Mr. Omer Kingsley as to dine in public with but a table between him and a-olown of the circus. The arrangements for the seating of the visitors being superintended by Mr. John Wilson and Mr W. D. M'Donnell, loft nothing whatever undone for tho public satisfaction in that respect Batchelder's interesting panorama continues to attract considerable numbers to the School of Arts who desire to witness a series of very pretty and faithful por traitures of persons and places between here and Kew York oity. Spencer's Poly teohnio has lost none of its popular esti mation, and the talented performances of Misses Alice and Clara Spencer and Master Arthur Spencer continue to amuse and please the crowded audiences who are always present at the oonoert in which the young Spencer's appear. The numerous articles of automatic, optic, electric, pneumatic, scientific, and useful, which are to be seen in polytechnic proper, are moat deoidedly "objects of interest" as well as of amazement to the throngs of "natives and settlers" who are constantly passing through this singularly attractive place of amusement. FIGARO. A. curious action at law was heard last week in the District Court, between a jookey named Forbes and a racehorse owner named E. E. Jones, Forbes claimed £19 due as "mount" money (in racing parlance) in respect to four races. As a jookey. Forbes had ridden Janitor in a two mile handicap race for 150 sovereigns at Toowoomba : also riding the colt Gemma di Vergy I in a one and a half mile handicap for 100 sovereigns at Ipswich ; al HO riding the same «alt at Brisbane in tho EpBoro handicap for 100 sovereigns ; and al BO ribing tho same horse ia the Brisbane Cup race for £300. By custom Forbes alleged tbat no is entitled toa percentage ou the value of tho stakes in oaoh race, and should his horse not win he is entitled to a fee of £3 to £4 Under this arrangement £10 was claimed BB due for winning tho Epsom Handicap, and £3 for eaoh of the races he did not win. Mr i-impBon, instructed by Messrs. Cur tis and Gannon, for the defence, called defendant, who denied that ho had engaged Forbes, but that Forbos was engaged by one of his hired servants, named Cook Mr Filoher, instructed by MesBrs Holdsworth and Brown, for plaintiff. His Honor District Court Judge Wilkinson held that thero waB no prisity of con tract between the parties, and it was agreed to accept a nonsuit. Plaintiff was accordingly nonsuited. 