WEARINESS. v A TALE FROMFRANOffi 0 As Soon as Mona, Yznoeni to taroft the titub cdtorbroakfesk Fraaoofa, the waiter, hastened to bring Mm Ma (jfeptf-toeaf and ft tombfer of watoit while Itfer presented the Gazette de franc and toe Mmagtr 4m fOdL Vinoe&t; weuldaokpowfedgo these civilitfesrifently by a iwdt dp Ms pe©, and slowly smeke Ma cigar. He would read the Parisian oewspape all through, oast a glance at the quotations of the Bourse as given in the Jfewager, and then > his seat on toe divan which ran all around the room, to hear too small news of the day from some obliging neighbour. He himself aaaroely ever spoke. When his cigar was fa0 walked back slowly to his office, where he worked till Rto o'clock. Then, in obedience to a habit he had contracted during his travels, ha dressed for dinner, and took ws usual repast Now and then ho invited a few friends. On I these occasions the old family plate shone upon I too table % and the best wines, the moSt delicious I dishes, delighted the palates of the provincial I epicures. But when Vincent dined alone the I faro was of toe most simple character. An old woman waited on him ; he read durfag I dinner, and scarcely noticed what was set before I him. After dinner Vinoeat went to the oofti, as we have said, for the second time. In a few minutes he never failed to find a partner for a game of piquet. At the neighbouring tables other members of the club played cards likewise. The play was not high, but was nevertheless carrieff on with great ardour. Conversation was oarried on in low tones, such was the custom. Any stranger whom chance or curiosity led into the club-room, soon felt awkward and intrusive amidst tins oompany of old men, all busy shuffling cards, marking points, or exchanging the whispered conversations which the course of the game called forth. The members of the. "Cercle do l'Esplanade" were counted first- rate players in all LuneL At half-past ten the- game came to an end, and by eleven o'olook tho great room was generally empty. Oanimlr Vin cent would then go home; When the weather was fine he took two- | three turns on the esplanade, and by half-past i eleven was in his sittingroom. A large lamp- wifch a Bmall shade burned on the tame j the eveningpapers and the fetters of the last delivery were liud out beside it. Vincent road for about half an hour, and then passed into his bedroom. In summer, before undressing, it was his ous-j torn to stand for awhile at toe window, from I whenoe ho oould see a park which lay behind j toe house. The rustling murmur of the frees seemed to have a peculiar charm for him. He | would stay listening to it attentively ior a long I time, though his countenance betrayed no emo- I tion, and remained calm and serious as even. I But he would often heave a deep sigh as hp I turned away from the window. In the winter I time, he would spend that last half hour ip I front of the fire, his eyes fixed en toe dying I embers, while his features preserved the sarnie I look of thoughtful contemplation with whioh he I listened in summer to the hushed sounds of j nature. Advancing years had made Cisimir I Vincent a singularly thoughtful, serious; and taciturn man. When the war with Germany broke out Moos. Vinoeat shared toe fever of patriotism wMcb took possession of all France- From morning to night he read the papers $ drew up plans for the campaign, and disoussed the con ditions which should be imposed on the van quished enemy. He had recovered the enthu siasm of his youth, and took the liveliest interest in all toe burning questions of the day. The defeats produced a sort of etupefaotfte, though they did not shako his confidence; " We will take our revenge," he saidt "and wee to the northern invaders who dared to, pollute toe sacred soil of France 1" But after the disasters of Forbach and Reich- shoffen, after tho bloody battles of Mars -la-Tour and Gravelotte, came the fearful pews of t he catastrophe of Sedan) and then, one following another, resounded the terrible Mows under whioh Franoe was crashed by the fartups of y war; Strasbourg, Metz, Paris, fell into the> % power of the enemy. Whole armies were ? nilated or led into oapsvity ; new armies were raised and were overtaken by theeame fate ; the northern and eastern provinoes of Franoe were like a vast|oemetexy,fcdrenohed with the noUesfe blood of the oountry. In toe south, in top neighbourhood of Lunel, there was foxy or de spair, and in some oases a still mere harrowing feeling of resignation. Casimir Vinoent went about his business with the air of a ghost, qnd his dumb, pent-up sorrow was pitiable to notice. Still, just as before the war, he never failed to , go every morning to the mas, and to show him- | self twioe a day at the dub. After peace had been oouoluded, everything resumed its accustomed aspect in the little town, which was far removed from toe seat of military- events. Vinoent, who had sustained ne loss of, fortune or of position, appeared to have almost forgotten the misfortunes whioh had befallen hip oountry. He scarcely ever spoke of toe war, and never joined in the general clamour for revenge which rose on all sides. But he grew daily more gloomy, more sad, more taciturn, till his best friends at last admitted that (<old Vinoent had become quite impracticable." Vincent, however, oontinued to follow the political questions of the day ; he subscribed for some of toe leading Paris newspapers, and spent I the greater part of the day in reading them. In October, 1873, when the news spread that- the Comte de Ohambord was going to apootid tip- throDO of Ms ancestors, the aid legitimist kpd last bunt of enthusiasm. " I would die happy, he field, if It were given me to fiee fGrexy4£» at too head qX the I TlmJefcter by which the Oomta de Chambord I annihilated the hopes of the so-oalled "fasion- I ists" caused the banker a great shook, I "The king is right," he said f he always is right. " But what can be said of a oountry where the foremost citizens dare to propose to their legitimate sovereign to attain, & devious I and crooked paths, toe throne wMob Qod hinv- I self gave him I Poor Franoe f I Rene Sabatier. who had alwm bemafevomy Its witotoe banker, and who, in Ms tura, felt I a real affection for him- became anxiotas at laa I seeing him so completely dispirited. -Oneiiigh£ I he aooompanied him home, and took advantage I of Mb opportunity to question Me old friend j his sadness. . I "You are not well. Yon seem tired What |fetoe mjitt ert Whfr Jto ypft fejl hoqeatt too . . . mm—mmm p— 1 1 , o doc Yne, " replied I "lam bkod toSaolL- ' I Travel 5 try a change." J I am as well at Lunel as I should be any- j Where else. Here, at least, I am surrounded by 1 well-known faces, and I have my regular occu- 1 pationR, which make the days seem insupport- 1 /ably long." | " Go to Paris. It is my dreqm to go there. 1 Ahl if I were rich and free like you, I would I start thfai very right," "Paris 1 Thanks for the advice. No ; any- 1 where rather than there ! Paris is the ruin of 1 Prance ! Paris is the birthplace of the evils of I which we are dying 1 The revolution, the Em I pire, . the war, the oommnne, all came from I Paris! Paris has killed France. Guise it!" | " Softly, softly, Papa Vincent," replied Saba- 1 tier do not fly into such a passion. What- J ever you may say, Paris is the finest town in j the world. Paris has its vices, 1 admit ; hut I ate brilliant qualities make it the capital of civi- 1 ligation," "Pray spare me your Victor Hugo phrases ! | . Yes, Parte is verily the most civilised town in | th world, if by civilisation you mean the re- 1 verse of all that is natural and true. Shall 1 1 tell yeu what you, a provincial stranger, will I find in Paris ? The firat tailors and the first I shoemakers in the world $ the greatest coquettes I the most profligate women 5 the most cheat ing hotelkeepers, the most selfish politicians, ana the most wonderful actors. That is all you, as a stranger, will see ; as to the Paris of work and self -denial, it will be hidden from you. The honest folks of Paris — and, thank heaven ! there are some left — do not frequent the places where you go to seek excitement and see sights. Busy with their work, and ashamed of the enervating pleasures that strangers rush to so greedily, they know how to respect their mourning country. Their houses would be to you, nor would they be thrown open to t""- No, no, I will not go to Paris. Lunel is a dull town, I confess ; I am weary of the | life I lead here ; it weighs me down, ana I long ! to have done with it ; still I prefer it to life in Parte." He paused for a minute, and bent his head as if he were absorbed in painful reflections ; then be resumed slowly in a low voice, as though he were speaking to himself : " Ay, indeed, life in Lunel is dull, and colourless . . . life in Puis is repugnant to me. . Life is un- KwmKlA fiTArv w here in' France. ... For- merly It was not so, and life had then an object ; men lived, men died at least for some thing. But what can I do now ? Fold my arms, and impotently witness the ruin of my country. . . All is going, perishing, falling to pieces . . . and I am but a weak old man." A long silence followed, which Sabatier dared not break till the two friends reached the banker's door. I " Mons. Vincent," Sabatier then said, in a re spectful tone, "I wish yon good night 5 try and sleep well." ! " Good night, my dear Rene," said the old man. He was holding the door ajar, when he turned round and said abruptly to the young man : I " How old are you ?" J " I am four-and-twenty. fi " Well, follow the advice of an old bachelor — I marry.. A life full of cares is better than a life I that is utterly void. Woe to the man I who is alone in the world ! . . . Take I a wife. . . . Man was not made to live I alone. . . . Solitude -begets unwholesome thoughts. . . . Good flight, Sabatier." | The next day Vincent appeared at the usual I hour at the cafe of the esplanade, and in a few I minutes he was seated opposite to Sabatier ap- 1 patently absorbed in the intricacies of a game I <of piquet. I " You have just thrown away ninety," re- 1 marked Sabatier. I " Have I ? said Vincent. He took up the j oards he had discarded, looked at them and I aaid quietly, " You are right ; here's my knave Of clubs." There was another deal. " Why, what is the matter with you to-day V j cried Sabatier. "You have not reckoned your quint." " You are right again, young man," said the banker ; " I had forgotten it. I do not knew what I am thinking of." So saying he pushed away the cards. "Go and play with Coule," he added ; "it amuses me no longer." He got up and placed himself near another table where two other men were playing. Old Vidal came ap and proposed a game of bezique. Vincent assented willingly, and they seated themselves at a vacant table. Vincent won the game. " Bezique is child's play," he said ; " I prefer piquet." . He then apologised for not going on. 1 " I willgive you your revenge to-morrow," he ! said. He remained half an hour longer in the club- room, going from one group to another, and exchanging a few brief sentences with his friends ; but he went home somewhat earlier than usual. No sooner had he left the room than everyone began to talk about him. "Old Vincent loeks very ilk What is the matter with him?" " He did not know his cards, and threw out his brat. I never saw him like that." " How are his affairs ? are they all right ?" "That they are. He' bought largely into the funds only last week." " Then what ails him ?" " Nothing — he is bored." " Hag he ever been anything else for the last thirty years ?" " No. But apparently he has found out at last that it is not amusing to be bored." While remarks were being exchanged at the club, Vincent Was walking slowly homeward. More than onoe he stopped on his way, and \- stood plunged -in deep thought, ; stroking his chin as was his wont. Once he took off his hat, . brushed his hair back with a slow and regular movement, and then pressed his hand on his temple as though he felt a sharp and sudden pain. His cravat seemed to choke him ; once or twioe he passed his finger between his throat and ibis shirt-collar, and breathed hard like a man .who has been making some violent effort. On entering his apartment he found every thing in its accustomed plaice; there was the . lamp, and beside it the papers and a tew letters. He glanced at these, and recognising the writing entiie Addresses, laid them aside without opening them. Even the papers had not the power to Interest him ; he opened one, and after looking Jiivmgh the leading article he 'crumpled it -up in his hand and threw it on the floor. . Always the same twaddle 1" Ihe exclaimed. The dock of a neighbouring church struck eleven. Vinoent took up a candlestick, and went into his bedroom. : As he stood before this chiinney, his eyes fell on tiie large mirror ; . He remained motionless, luid gazed long at his own Image ; it was that of an old man, bent tinder the weight of years, with a yellow, shrivelled- up face, dim eyes, and a despondent counten ance. " I never would have believed it," he said, speaking very slowly, "that a life as long as mine could have been so joyless. To eat, to drink, to sleep, to read letters and newspapers, to shuffle and deal oat oards, to be of no use for anything or to anybody ... to care tor nothing, to oare for nobody, . . . and to be bored." He walked up to the open window, and looked out into the night — a soft balmy night of spring. Above were the oloudless, stany heavens — be low, the old plane-trees seemed to slumber ; a solemn silence reigned all around. " What a tearful silence," he said ; " a death like silence . . without and within my self." He shuddered and closed the window. The next morning he went as usual to the Mas de Vincent. The paxre came out to meet him at the gate. " A fine morning, Mons. Vinoent. I hope I see yoirwell. See how everj thing is getting on ; one could not wish for better. If Provi- I denoe only sends us a little more rain, and we I have no frost or hall, this year's crop will be | splendid." "We have no reason to complain," replied Vincent ; " the mas has always made a capital return." "Ah ! you are a fortunate man, sir. All you touch seems to torn to gold. The mas Is worth double what it was in your father's time. One may indeed call you a fortunate man." When, half an hour later, Vinoent was driving back in his cabriolet, he more than once re peated to himself, " Yes, yes, I am a fortunate man." But his countenance was not that of a I fortunate man. I He scarcely tasted his breakfast ; at dinner I he ate little or nothing. His old servant, I MaHha, became anxious, and inquired if her mapter was ilL I " No, I am not ill, but I have no appetite. I To- morrow I will be better." I At the club he refused to play. As on the I preceding evening, he wandered from one table I to the other/ looking on and stroking his chin I without saying a word. " Why don t you play ?" inquired Sabatier. " I have played pique thirty years long. Is it very surprising that I should be weary of the game?" J " Play bezique," " Beaique is ohild's play." "Whist, then?" " I don't know whist." "You will learn." "I am too old," "Oh, Papa Vinoent, you are hard to please to-night." " Very hard to please, verily. It is, of course, unconscionable to expect from life something more than the pleasure of playing cards for half- I penny points." Sabatier did not reply, and at the end of an honr Vincent left the dab without having ex changed another word. When he reached his own door, he stood irresolute, and looked right and left, as though he expected somebody. He whistled softly, and, as on the previous day, took off his hat to press his hand upon his forehead. At that moment a poor beggar woman, with a child in her arms, went by. "For God's sake, my good gentleman," she said in a supplicating tone, " give me something for this poor child IT Vincent drew out his purse, and looked into it for an.instant, as though he were searching for a small coin. Finding none, he took a five- frano piece, and gave it to the woman. " Mercy I" she exclaimed, almost in a tone of fear. - " How can I thank you, sir ? My God preserve you and yours, and return to you in i blessing what you have done for me !" j She moved on, and Vincent's eyes followed i her. j " Hollo 1 here, woman !' he called out 1 abruptly. The beggar woman looked round, and hesi tated. She feared to turn back lest the banker should have made a mistake and wish to take back his alms. " Come back, I say," repeated Vinoent. " No one wants to harm yon ; on the oontrary. But make haste ; I have no time to lose." The woman came up, "Here," said Vincent, "take all," and he poured the oontents of his purse into her hand. The woman was struck dumb with surprise for a few seconds. When she recovered her speech, and began to stammer forth her thanks, Vin oent had disappeared. Guerre, the coachman, had been waiting more than an hour. At last he grew very im patient. " Martha !" he cried, "is not monsieur up ? It is nearly eight." The servant went to the kitchen door, and glanced up at the bedroom windows. The cur tains were still drawn. " This is very strange," she said, " for mon sieur always gets up at.six. Ill go up and see what has happened. " In a few minutes she came down again, scared, pale, and trembling. "Guerre," she said, in a hoarse whisper, " come quick. Our master " She could say no more, but the old coachman understood that some misfortune had happened. He came into the house, and ran upstairs as fast as his old legs would carry him. Martha followed. The two servants stopped at the entrance of the sitting- room, and Martha pointed silently to the bed room door. Guerre went in with faltering steps. The bright sunshine lighted up the room In spite of the curtains and the blinds. On the table stood two candlesticks, in which the lights had burned down to the sockets. Between them, placed so as to catch the eye' at once, Guerre saw a paper, on which a tew lines Were written ; and in front of tho hearth, lying in a gjol of blood, the corpse of dasimir Vihcent. nerre picked up an open razor, smeared with blood, and placed it, with a shudder, on the table. He then took up the paper which he had noticed on entering the room, and read as follows 1 — "Weary of life, I have sought death. My affairs are in good order. My will is in the hands of M. Vidal, uie notary. Casimir Vincent. The funeral took place quietly the next day. All the members of the " Cercle de l'Esplanade" attended. A portion of the banker's wealth went to dis tant relatives. Rene Sabatier, however, had a arge Iegacy, and a still more ponderable 8Am, ws bequeathed to : tiie tow Of Lnnel for the foundation of a charitable institution. The clergy offered no opposition to the burial of the guioide in consecrated ground, and Reno paba- tier, remembering the last remarks of his un happy friend, caused a stone to be placed on his grave, with the following inscription 1— a man weary op iafb etas ©ought repose hebe pray for ho£-m — Bktchoood'8 Magasane. 