THE WEEK. Nbw Railway Carriages.— Two of the three rail '»ay carriages imported from America have now been put to -work on the suburban lines. The have been running for two days, and are very highly spoken of by the passengers who have travelled in them. In an economical point of view, it is no doubt creditable to the Government to make' the most of the rolling-stock ifcey have got, but that does not alter the fact that the miserable little composite carriages now so largely used ?re altogether behind the times, and should be super ceded by something better as soeedilv as possible. IVhen railways were first constructed in New South 'Wales, about a quarter of a century ago, these little carriages may have suited the then extremely limited requirements of the travelling public, and may have been exactly similar to the or thodox English carriage of the period. Since then, however, the railway companies of Eng land have provided longer and more comfortable carriages; but, while all the world has been pro gressing, New South 'Wales — or rather its Railway ' JDepartment — has made little progress. ' JYi?« pot aumtu' seems to be the motto of that immovable institution. Twenty years ago, the Engineer-in-chief recommended the Government to bring the railway into Sydney. The number of passengers has increased, despite the tardiness of the official pace, from hun dreds to hundreds of thousands ; but the terminus is still at Redfern. Members of Parliament and Minis ten of the Crown have at length come to admit that a forward movement is necessary ; but, while the public patiently submit to suffer in silence, we very much doubt whether the faith of those eminent individuals is vital enough to be made evident by -works. The Honorable Edward Combes travelled in one of the new American carriages to Orange a few 'weeks ago, and he speaks in terms of high commenda tion of them. They are certainly well adapted to the suburban traffic, and it is a positive luxury to travel in them as compared with the general run of the vehicles now in use Many of these are computed to «arry fourteen passengers in the first-class compart ment ; but it is not often that fourteen persons can be squeezed into them, but when that does occur the sense of suffocation is intensified to the highest point of endurance, and we defy anybody to solve the problem of how the ? passengers in the comer seats can decently and com fortably bestow their legs. The roofs of all the car riages are close to the heads of the passengers, and every precaution is taken in the construction of these old-time carriages to limit the supply of pure air to a minimum, and at night time to permit only the most dismal sort of light. The new American carriages have this great recommendation that there is about two feet more air above the heads of the passengers, and while the carriages are longer than any others in use, they are not partitioned off into a number of private boxes which make it necessary for the traveller to open and shut half a dozen doors before he can see whether or not there is a vacant seat. They have a small toilet com partment at each end and a water-filter. The carriage in use contains seats for fifty-six passengers. In the smaller carriages it is scarcely possible to read, although you hold your book with both hands ; but this long carriage ran with perfect steadiness, and no inconvenience was perceptible from vibration or oscil lation such as is suffered in many of the other vehicles. The interior woodwork consists of black walnut and bird's eye maple, and the seats, which have reversible backs, arc covered -with green and crimson velvet. 'We learn, that but for the smallness of the road bridges at Redfern and Newtown, the carriages would have been built about two feet higher and nearly two feet broader. That being so, we say the sooner these bridges are made higher and -wider the better, bd that the travelling public may have means of locomotion -equally healthy and convenient to those enjoyed by the citizens of the great Republic. Thb New American I-qcomotive. — On Tuesday the „ Hon. Edward Combes, Secretary for Public Works, accompanied by some of the officers of the Railway Department, made trial of the new locomotive re cently imported by the Government from the United States of America. The train consisted of twenty loaded trucks and was run to Penrith and back. We learn that the engine ran smoothly, and worked in all respect* so satisfactorily that it will at once take its place among those already in use. Advertisements of American railroad companies will have made most of our readers familiar with the general appearance of the American locomotive with its peculiar shaped funnel, head light, and iron framework projecting over the track in front of the engine. This locomotive is similar to those in use on the Pennsylvania Road, one of the largest and best managed companies in America, 4 and -we copy the following description of an engine of the same type from a late number of Engineer ing : — The engine has four wheels 63 inches in diameter, the forward part being carried on a truck with four wheels 28 inches in diameter. The distance between trailing and leading wheels, between the latter and the centre of the truck, and the distance apart of the truck wheels are respectively 102 inches, 133$ inches, and 68 inches. The total length of the engine is 27 feet 7| inches. The frames are of the usual ft pe, consisting of bars 3 inches by 4 inches double,* and connected together as far us the front of the leading axle boxes, and single from this point to ' the end of the engine. The transverse frames extend between the main frames, one at the end of the guide bars and a second 36 inches further to the back. The cylinder eastings extend each to the centre line of the boiler, and are bolted together* the upper face forming a saddle, in which the smoke-box rests. The lower part of these connected castings takes a bearing upon the truck. EoriTr and Divorce Court. — A new court room, in -which the Equity and Divorce business of the Supreme Court will be conducted, has been erected at the rear of the Banco and Jury Courts. The room is about 26 feet square, and about 18 feet high. It is lighted from the roof. Six ventilating shafts supply the room 'with fresh air, and there is abundant provi sion for tarrying off the heated atmosphere by ventilators at the top of the walls, as well as by the vindows in the roof. The court is well furnished with all the requisite accommodation for the discharge of business. Over the Judge's seat is a canopy in the usual style, surmounted by a grand coat of arms. There is a desk for die clerk, a table for the profes sion, boxes for the jury and reporters, and sitting accommodation for the public also. The fittings are ?f polished cedar.' The building has a light, cheerful aspect, and in this respect compares favourably with Ihe other dismal-looking rooms in the Supreme Court premises. National Shipwreck Relief Society — A meeting ' «ff this society was held on Wednesday, the president (Mr. Dangar) and ten members present. Two cases of acts of bravery 'were brought before the committee, and upon consideration Mr. Dangar was deputed at onee to make arrangements for getting a suitable ; , medal struck, as a reward in such cases. The collec tor reported further contributions to the amount of 4 r*165. The draft of a letter was adopted to be sent to «H Colonial Secretary, requesting the appointment of **?»* **«» wmvenient to receive a deputation from tte society, for the purpose of asking Jor a grant of ^and as an endowment for the society. ScirtJRKAN Railway Traitic. — A meeting of season ticket holders and suburban railway passengers generall\\-as held at the Temperance Hall, on Tuesday afternoon, for the purpose of considering and adopting means to secure increased accommodation and more convenient trains. Mr. J. H. Goodlet was called to the chair. Mr. Hardy said he had called the meeting at the request of several gentlemen who, in company with many others, complained of the inconvenience to which suburban railway travellers had been put by the latest alterations in the time-table. He pointed out that the present table was particularly inconvenient for those who had to be at their places of business in the city by 9 a.m. There was, for example, no train from Croydon to Sydney between 8.3 and 8.40 a.m., the former of which was too early and the latter too late. Under the old table there was a train from Croydon at 8.32 a.m. The arrangement of the trains between 8 and 9 a.m. was not so convenient as formerly for Burwood, Croydon, and Ashfield, owing especially to the un avoidable overcrowding of the train which leaves Burwood at 8.36. This inconvenience could be remedied to a great extent by putting on again the 8.20 train, or by causing the 8.10 train from Parra matta to stop. Lti respect of the down trains, the intervals from- 11 a.m. to 12.30 p.m., and from 1 to 2.30 p.m. were too long. At no time in the day should there be an interval of one and a half hours. The old 6 p.m. train being altered to 5.50, and, not stopping at Croydon, was most inconvenient to many passengers. Several alterations were suggested with the view of improving the arrangement, and at length it waE agreed that a deputation should -wait upon the railway authorities, to represent that the requirements of the suburban passenger traffic would be best met by running a train every twenty minutes from Home bush to Sydney between 7 and 9 am., and a train every twenty minues from Sydney to Homebush between 5 'and 7 p.m. GzifEBAL Assembly of the Presbyterian Church of New South: 'Wales. — On the 1st instant it was agreed that, in harmony with the majority of returns from Presbyteries, the nomination of the' Committee of Selection shall in future be final. The petition relative to the admission of the Rev. Mr. Collie as a minister was considered, and the assembly decided that his commission was sufficient, and that the Pres bytery of Sydney was -warranted in receiving him into the ministry. Dr. M'Gibbon moved, seconded by Dr. Geekie,— ' That this Assembly, before it rises, shall prepare a petition to the Legislature, praying for a change in the present licensing laws of the country, and that the Licensing Act be amended in the fol lowing particulars.-— 1. That the licensing power be removedfrom the magistracy to the people. 2. That, with due provision for bona-fide travellers, public houses be entirely closed on Sabbath days.' The motion was put, and almost unanimously agreed to. After the presentation of the report on missions to the heathen itwaeagreed.onmotionby the Rev. Dr. Steel, — *'That, inasmuch as rumours have been, circulated by the Press in France and copied by papers in England and Australia relative to the alleged right of the French Government to annex the islands of the New Hebrides to the penal colony of New Caledonia, the General Assembly expresses its strong conviction that such annexation would be dangerous to the Presby terian missions in those islands, and that the extension of a penal colony so near British colonies would be inimical to the social welfare of these colonies ; and further, inasmuch as the interests of religion, humanity, and commerce have been chiefly promoted among th'ese islands by British subjects as missionaries, as traders, and as officers of her Majesty's navy, this assembly resolves to petition her Majesty the Queen to assume the protectorate of these islands, or, if it be practicable, to annex them to the British Crown ; and appoints a deputation to wait upon his Excellency the Governor, to ask him to transmit the petition to her Majesty ; and also to wait upon the Colonial Secre tary requesting the support of the Government of New South Wales to the prayer of the petition.' On the 2nd instant Dr. Steel.read the report of the theological tutors for 1877, and Mr. D» Walker brought up the report from the Sabbath School Com mittee. As far as the committee have been aMeto ascertain, there are about 109 Sabbath-schools in active operation in connection with the Church. Of these, 97 schools have 6ent in returns. From these returns it appeal's that the number of Sabbath-school scholars on the rolls amounts to €335, and the number of teachers 685, and that five new schools have been established during the past year. That the increase of scholars since last year is 950, and the increase of teachers is 68. The number of volumes in the libraries now amount to 11,165, and the total revenue for all purposes during the year is £725 13s. 10d.( showing an increase of £134 5s. 2d. on the revenue of the preceding year. These reports were severally adopted. On the* 3rd instant Dr. Steel read a report of committee on examining students. Thanks of the assembly -were accorded Dr. Steel for his gratuitous service as editor of the Australian Witness. On Mon day, after the disposal of some routine business, deputations from other denominations in the colony and representatives of the Presbyterian Church in New Zealand were received. The Rev. David Sidey, the deputy of the New Zealand Church, read an interesting address, conveying the interest felt by that Church in the Presbyterian Church of this colony. The Rev. James Jefferis, re- ' presenting the Congregational Church ; the Rev. G. Lane, representative of the Wesleyan Conference ; the Rev. F. Hibberd, a deputy from the Baptist Union ; and the Rev. Patrick Fitzgerald, also addressed the assembly. Besides the members of the assembly there were a large number of visitors present, and during the evening the choir of St. Stephen's Church sang several psalms and hymns. It was agreed, — ' That the General Assembly has heard with very great pleasure the deputies from the general assemblies oi the Churches in New Zealand and the Wesleyan, Con gregational, and Baptist Churches of the colony, thanks them cordially for their fraternal greetings, and most heartily reciprocates the same. The assem bly further requests the Moderator to convey to the deputies the thanks of the assembly.' On Tuesday, the report of the Committee on Church Property was brought up and adopted, whereupon i)r. M'Gibbon moved, — 'That the amount accruing annually from the Church and School revenue, for the purpose of building churches and manses, be paid into the Church and Manse Loan Building Fund, with a view to increase that fund, to be annually lent under the rules of the said fund, the salary of the agent having been previously deducted.' The' motion was put and agreed to. Wife-heating. — A mother instance of wife-beating came under the notice of the Bench at the Water Police Court, this week. The complainant -was a Mrs. Allen, who alleged that, on the 29th of October, her husband, Henry Alien, knocked her down four times and kicked her. He first knocked her down in the house, and then, when she ran outside, he knocked her down on some stones, struck her with his rist in the mouth, and kicked her. The assault occurred late at night after the complainant had returned from a visit to her mother. Her husband, it seems, objected to her going to visit her mother, because of the latter's drinking propensities, and the irritation which he felt at her disobedience caused him to commit the assault. He Was ordered to pay a fine of £o, with the alternative of two nxnths' imprisonment. Congregational Church, North Shore. — On Saturday afternoon, the comer-stone of a Congre gational Sabbath-school hall, at St. Leonards, was laid by Mr. J. R. Fairfax, in the presence of a number of the residents interested. The new school room will occupy a commanding site on Milson's Point, overlooking Lavender Bay as well as the har bour to the east, and affording a fine view of the city. Adjacent and towards Neutral Bay, a large population is settling, so that the building will be much more conveniently situated for the congregation who will temporarily worship in it than the church at present used near Milson's ferry. It is contemplated in time to erect a church in front of the schoolroom. Among those present at the ceremony on Satur day were the Rev. Dr. Clay, Rev. C. Stead, Rev. T. Johnson, Rev. T. Forsaith, Rev. J. P. Sun derland, Rev. Mr. Cullen (pastor of the church), and Messrs. Saddington and B. Molyneaux. The children of the Sunday-school were in attendance, with their superintendent, Mr. Slade. The proceedings were commenced by the singing of a hymn by the children. The Rev. Mr. Cullen then read passages of Holy Scripture ; the Rev. T. Forsaith offered prayer. Mr. W. E. Langley, hon. treasurer, next read a brief statement of affairs connected with the new school room, from which it appeared that the movement for its erection was initiated some time back by the pastor, when a building committee was formed, and money promised towards the purchase ot land and * the erection of a church. A site was purchased from the Hon. John Campbell for £240, the price being generously reduced from £300, in consideration of the purpose for which it. was intended. It -was decided first to erect a schoolroom, and Mr. A. Bond, city architect, having gratuitously provided plans, Messrs. Eaton, Brothers, undertook the erection of the building. The cost will be about £700. Of this, nearly £300 is promised, and it is hoped that the balance will be in hand by the open ing of the school-hall at the beginning of the newyear, , It has been decided to sell the old church, and the . proceeds will be applied towaids the erection of the new church. Mr. Slade then presented Mr. James R. Fairfax with a silver trowel and polished myall mallet (from the atelier of Mr. E. Jones), and Mr. Fairfax having acknowledged the gift, and addressed a few remarks suitable to the occasion, a bottle containing particulars of the time and circumstances of the cere mony was deposited in a cavity, the comer stone was lowered, and then duly laid ' In the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost.' Offerings amounting to about £42 were received, after which the Rev. J. P. Sunderland delivered an address, in the course of which he insisted on the importance of the churches giving their attention to the religious educa tion of the young by way of supplement to the secular instruction'given by the State in the primary schools. The Rev. T. Johnson closed the proceedings with, the benediction. The 6chool-hall will consist of a fine room 50 feet by 27 feet, with a height of 14 feet to the wall-plate, and open-timbered roof, lined on top of the common rafters with colonial pine, rising 30 feet from the floor. The walls will be stone. The front to be marked by central entrance with triple light over the gable and crowned by an ornate bargeboard and finial. The side elevations will have lancet windows in each bay, and the windows filled in with glass in diamond-shaped quarries. Arrival of the Cuzco.— Though not quite equal ling the performances of the Lusitania, the voyage of the Cuzco, a steamship belonging to the same com pany, is still a feat in ocean .steam navigation in connection with the Australian colonies worth record ing. The Lusitania, it will be remembered, arrived at Melbourne from Plymouth in 40 days 6 hours. The Cuzco has done the trip to Glenelg, which is about 48 hours short of Melbourne, in 40 days 7 hours. By her arrival we are placed in possession of English - and European news to September 27th. Our incoming mails by way of San Francisco, and which will pro bably arrive in Sydney this morning, left London seven days previous to the departure of the Cuzco from ? Plymouth, namely, September 20th. The Southampton mails per Suez also left London on September 20 ; the Brindisi dates, however, by the P. and O. Company's steamship Tanjore, which is hourly expected, are to the 28th September* one~ day later than the Cuzco's dates. If the detour which the latter vessel had to make in reaching Glenelg is taken into consideration, it will be seen that she would have made Melbourne in almost as short a time as the Lusitania had she gone direct to that port. Accidentally Drowned at Cook's River. — Dn Monday afternoon the City Coroner held an inquest, at the Terminus Inn, Newtown, touching the cause of death of a youth named Benjamin Savage Salmon. The following evidence was taken : — Edmund Goold Salmon deposed that he resided at 4, Windsor-terrace, Enmore, with his parents, and was 14 years of age last May ; deceased -was his brother, and was nearly 19 years of age ; he was single, and lived with his parents ; he was apprenticed to Hardy, Brothers, watch and clock makers, Hunter-street; on last Saturday afternoon, deceased, witness, and their brother Walter left home to go to Cook's River, and reached there, he thought, between 3 and 4 o'clock; near the river they met two boys named Morris Adams and Herbert Burgess, who returned to the river with them ; on reaching the xiver Burgess and Adams un dressed, and went into the water, followed by witness and his brother Walter ; they then left deceased lying on the bank with his clothes on ; after a while he also undressed and went into the water; none of them were then out of their depth ; deceased could swim and went out into deep water and swam a little dis tance, and then returned to where they were ; de ceased then took his brother Walter on his back and went with lum into deep water; Walter could not 6wim; the next that -witness saw was Walter struggling in the ? water ; deceased went to liis brother Walter's assistance, but before he (deceased) got up to him he sank and never ' came up again ; a young gentleman named Walter B. Muir went into the water and got hold of Walter, who was then floating on the water ; Benjamin' 6 body was not recovered till Sunday morning; he did not cry out before he sank ; this happened at a place they called the Flat Rock. Walter B. Muir, residing at Petersham, gave corroborative evidence and- narrated the circumstances connected with his rescue of Walter. At the spot where Benjamin was drowned he could not say what was the exact depth of the water, but it was of a good depth ; it suddenly changed 'from shallow into deep water. Constable Michael Duffy deposed to the ineffectual search after the body on Saturday, which was, however, recovered by a South Sea Islander named Joe Lippo, on Sunday rooming, and taken to the parents' residence. The jury returned a verdict of accidentally drowned. ,Fire at Amos' s Saw Hills. — During the very high wind -which prevailed on Thursday last (the Scrutineer reports) a rather serious fire occurred at Amos's Saw Mills, Jordan's Crossing. A spark from the engine set fire to a large bullock-shed recently erected, and quickly destroyed it. The fire thea spread to the hay-shed, and before it could be checked about five tons of hay, together with the building, were consumed by the flames. The men, under the direction of Mr. G. Prosser, the manager, worked i with a will, and had it not been for their exertions, property to the amount of about £6000 would have been lost. As it was the damage done amounts to fuiy £1M-. The Paris Exhibition*.— His Excellency^* Governor, with the advice of the Executive Coun M oas appointed a Commission, consisting of the und mentioned gentlemen, to devise and carry out tfc* ditails necessary for the collection and transmi« t- Paris, &c; , &c;, of all articles, the produce or iuS* facture of this colony, intended for exposition at t»T Paris Universal Exhibition, to be held in that dt J the year 1878, viz. :— The Hon. Sir James Marti Knight, Chief Justice, president; the Hon «?' Alfred Stephen, C.B., K.C.M.G., M.L.C., the'ffn SirEdwardDeas-Thomson,C.B., K.C.M.G M I p the Hon. Sir William Macarthur, Kni«^' M.L.C., the Hpn. John Hay, President of the Legislative Council, and Sir George Wi«m- Allen, K.C.M.G., M.P., vice-presidSts ? ^ the Hon. Joseph Docker, M.L.C., Vice-President«f the Executive Council; Mr. William Maddiw Alderson, J.P. ; Mr. John Alger; the Rev. Charts Badham, D.D., Professor of Classics and Logic in th* University of Sydney; the Hon. William Bunfcv M.L.C.; Mr. William Adams Brodribb Jp' M.R.G.S., and R.C. Institute, London; vr-* John Jackson Calvert, Clerk of the Parliaments ? thp Hon. Edward Combes, M.P., Secretary for Public Works ; Mr. Henry Halloran, Principal Under-Seere tary ; the Hon. Thomas Holt, M.L.C. ; Mr. Patrick Alfred Jennings, J.P. ; Mr. Edward Knox, J.P ? ty. Hon. William Macleay, M.L.C. ; Mr. Charles 3doore Director of the Botanic Gardens ; Mr. Augustus Morris ; Mr. Joseph Paxton, J.P. ; Mr. Edward '? P. Ramsay, Curator of the Australian Museum ; Mr ? George Russell ; the Hon. Saul Samuel, C M ft ' I M.L.C. ; Mr. William Willis ; and the Hon. Jam^ White, M.L.C. His Excellency has also appointed the undermentioned gentleman to represent the colon? of New South Wales at the Paris Exhibition :— Mr William Forster, Agent-General for New South Wales ; Sir Daniel Cooper, Bart. ; the Hon. John Frazer, M.L.C.; Mr. Samuel Hebblewhite, Mr. Donald Larnach, Mr. Jacob Levi Montefiore, Mr. Edward Levi Montefiore, Mons. Louis Francois bentis ; the Hon. Thomas Ware Smart, M.L.C. ; Mr. Cave Thomas ; and the Hon. John Brown Watt, M.L.G. j Rail-way Accidents. — Two railway accidents occurred on Monday morning, neither of which, fortunately, had any very serious results. The first took place within a short distance of the Redfern terminus 'and arose from a misunderstanding J on the part of one of the pointsmen there. The 8.30 I train had been shunted into the carriage dock to make room for the incoming 8.40 train from Campbelltown,. I and a pointsman was pieced at the head of the dock j to keep the points there steady for allowing the j Campbelltown train to pass into the sta- j tion with safety.. The pointsman, by some I means, did not carry out his orders properly j and allowed the points to remain open, thereby per- j mitting the incoming train to run into the dock. The j consequence was that the engines collided, and the passengers in the Campbelltown train were rather roughly shaken. Mr. Brown, an employee in the engineering branch of the Railway Department, who was in a second-class carriage, was thrown across a centre division of one of its compartments, and it was thought that some of his ribs were fractured. He re ceived medical attendance as quickly as possible, and': on the recommendation of a doctor who went to see him returned home to Fair- j field. It could not be ascertained that any j other passengers were seriously injured, but several were shaken and scratched during the concussion. Luckily, the train moving towards the station was only going at the rate of about two miles an hour, otherwise the results would have been far more serious. One of the carriages was lifted off the line and had its buffers pushed through the end of J another, and several -were slightly injured. The en- j gines -were not much damaged, although the buffers of I one were broken. The traffic manager immediately j held an investigation, the particulars .of which I were forwarded to the Commissioner for Bail- I 'ways, and the pointsman was at once sus- j pended from duty. The only explanation the I latter could give of the matter was that he mis- I took the Campbelltown train for an empty I one that he was to admit into the dock,. . I and did not .discover his error until too late to I avert the accident. Every other arrangement for I admitting the train into the station was quite complete; I The second accident referred to happened at the I Lithgow Zigzag pointB, where some goods trucks got I off the line, and a break-van was somewhat injured. I The line waB cleared as quickly as possible, and a rail I that had got out of its proper position replaced, but I the result was that the Western mail train, due in I Sydney about 7.20, did not arrive there until nearly I four hours afterwards. I Thb Bishop of MELBornNE's View of ms I Position. — The Bishop thus writes to a friend in' I England: *'I have travelled thousands of miles, I mostly through rough forests with no made roads,. 1 but such wretched, steep, rui-ploughed tracks as I nothing on wheels except an American buggy could I traverse. On one track I went through eightv miles I of forest at one stretch, meeting with nothing the ? whole way but roadside inns built of logs, and atone I ?place a new township of some twenty huta struggling ? into existence.: This last place-is called Brandy ? Creek, and is in the midst of the grandest forest ? scenerv I ever saw — even grander than the Black. ? Forest'. The gum trees are 200, 300, and 400 ieet ? high, as straight as the mast of a man-of-war, and ? massive in proportion to their height. It seems to be- ? sacrilege»to be chopping and burning them down; but ? then the rich soil which nourished them is 1 wonted for wheat, and so they »«« ? go. I held a service at this place u- ? the evening, and had for audience a wooden ? hall full of small farmers, who came in on horses, or | in buggies, or -with lanterns afoot, and formed as in- ? ttlligent and attentive a congregation as you wouw ? ?wish to see. I like such services better than the tea- ? meetings which hare been got up in many places w ? offer me welcome. There I have to go into some state g school or Rechabite-hall, and after tea talk to vtne ? people for half-an-hour on what will interest them or ? do ihem good. Everywhere they give me a far oeuu m reception than I deserve :' but I suppose my stwS' ? hitting from the shoulder suits them. And, w'10'^ 1 I never spare them, I always try to speak with goo ? nature and kindly feeling, this is a fine rich counuj , ? but, oh ! how it needs spiritual labourers. ? If I onlv had fiftv of the men who are wa« ? ing their* days in s'maU English villages to u™ ? parochial districts, measuring 30 miles by - ? ? would not only be for the furtherance of our V''- ? Master's Kingdom, but for the good of the men tnciu . selves. They might be sure of finding roe JW I give them all' the latitude our Church allows w». ? direction. And what could be grander or taore i m spiriting than setting on your horse, cantering tnro «, ? thefomt, where the bright birds cross your p* | every moment, and, when tired of the solemn » ^ | Of the forest, turning in at some farmers ten- ? ? speak to him of the''KJTigdom, and then P^jT.^ I from one welcome to another till you pause at »* ? e I rest and hold service in a little church in some ; »? y | clearing? A manly, hearty Christian man mv- ? ? as happv as the dav i* long on such work in tn» » = .fi I andebciming clinlate. If the work is ^''^do I healthy, and what any earnest y°™g.F°** ^a cnIy I splendidly and delight to do. Oh, if we hoa I men!' . ? I 