MR. GLADSTONE AND THE EASTERN QUESTION. Mr. Gladstone's action in giving notice of liis now famous five resolutions and the proceedings in the House of Commons consequent thereupon deserve a more extended notice than we were able to give to them in our comments upon the mail news yesterday. It is greatly to be re gretted that political complications should have robbed of much of its direct power a well- intentioned effort loudly called for by the necessities of the case. The great mistake made by the ex-Premier, as it seems to us, was that when he found he could not induce Lord Hartington to take the lead, and could not make sure of the adherence of various sections of the Liberal party, he did not continue to act upon his own resposibility. Ho doubt, according to his own statement, he did so continue to act in a certain sense. But when in the House, and just prior to the debate, a change of front was presented, and two of the most important of the reso lutions were' withdrawn, there "was a con cession to the exigencies of party, and Mr. Gladstone was certainly forced into occu pying a party position. The course then adopted induced Sir John Lubbock to forego his intention of moving the pre vious question; it conciliated such of the party as advocated strict non-intervention, but it also gave the Ministerialists ground for assuming a merely party attitude and a fair excuse for the retort that they declined to entertain any resolutions which might embarrass the Government in the maintenance of peace and in the protection of British interests unless an alternative line of policy was indicated. Broadly speaking there were two issues, to one of which the debate would be sure to lead. Had the resolutions been carried in their entirety they must have brought about a change of policy as to the Eastern question. There was not the ghost of a chance, however, that that would be done. In addition to this, had they been per sisted in the previous question would have been moved by a Liberal, and the | whole party would probably have been thrown into confusion and utter disor ganization. We can well understand that Mr. Gladstone would pause before bringing about such a result as this. The other possible issue was that Mr. Gladstone, standing alone, representing no party and opposed even by some of his former political associates, would have taken .the course that commended itself to his own conscience, and, backed up by the voice of the country, would have delivered his message and been in a still larger minority. But his indictment against the Ministry .would have been on record, and it is open to question whether the moral effect of the debate would not have been, greater. Certain it is that the ex-Premier made out a very strong case -one which amply justified him in bringing the matter before the House. ! to the interests of humanity and witl reference to those which especially con cern herself. In either case the con clusion seems to: us to be clear. Oui readers "will remember the eloquent words in which Mr. Gladstone appealed from the tradition in regard to Turkey to the higher and older tradition which teaches us to obey the dictates of honour and justice. Turkey has forfeited all claim to sympathy and support, and her oppressed subjects seek for relief. It can hardly admit of a moment's doubt upon "which side England should be found in such a case. But taking even the lower ground of the need there is to protect British interests, we believe the policy of the Beaconsfield Cabinet to have been all through a mistake. Turkey, it is argued, is to be encouraged, at least she is not to have her susceptibi lities too deeply wounded because she iB the hindrance to that aggres sive policy of Russia which may endanger British interests. Admitting that Russia is to be regarded with the utmost jealousy and suspicion, and that none of her professions are to be believed, how is her aggressive ambition to be best kept in check? By bolstering up an effete Power which has lost all just claim to govern the States which she holds in cruel bondage, or by helping to secure for those very States that freedom and self-government which in time would make them the safest barrier against Russian aggression H.aa the latter policy been adopted it would we believe have made the position of England less insecure than it now is. Had we demanded for the subject States what they justly claim ; had we enforced the demands by requiring substantial guaran tees for their fulfilment, we should have made our own position more secure, and if we were at length compelled to resist the greed of Russia it would . have been quite independent of any support to Turkey. Having left Russia to fight the matter out for herself we can hardly be surprised if in seeking the relief of the Christian subjects of the Porte she also aims at other ends. This exposes England to danger ; it may nlti mately drag her into war-into a struggle in which chivalry and righteousness will have little place, and in which the com mercial element must be paramount. Should this be the case Lord Beacons field and his colleagues must be held responsible, and the man of whom they seek to make a laughing-stock .will have proved himself not only to be the truest apostle of humanity, but also to possess the most practical sagacity. As it is he has done good service in re straining the impulse of the Cabinet towards active intervention on behalf of Turkey and in securing the adoption of a policy which, without having any positive virtue in it, may yet have the negative merit of keeping England aloof from war. 