THEATRE ROYAL. ME. DAMPIEJTS HAMLET. A new season opened at the Theatre on Satur day night, when Mr. Dampier, a gentleman of whom We have heard good reports from the neighbouring colonies, made his first appearance m ooutn .Australia in tne arduous roie or Hamlet before a large and decidedly sympa thetic audience, as was evinced by the reception he met with on his first entrance and the hearty applause with which he was greeted at various points of the performance. The part is certainly an ambitious one for any actor to make his debut in before a strange audience, as first impressions are often very lasting, more especially first impressions formed of the ability of a public performer. The amount of genuine success which Mr. Dampier achieved proved that he had not over-rated his own. ability. His portrayal of the complex and difficult character of the unfortunate Prince gives evidence of care ful and earnest study accompanied by, a large amount of intelligence. No class of persons are more conservative as a general rule than theatre-goers, and the natural sequence is that actors whose living depends on their public favonr accept the inevitable and play to please their patrons ; consequently nothing is more inflexible than stage rule founded on stage tradition. Because some great actor has played a certain part in a par ticular way and has made a hit in so doing it follows that in order most easily to ensure sac cess in the same role those who play it after him generally adopt not only his styie of acting but even his dress, and if possible his tricks of style and peculiarities of manner. The character thus becomes stereotyped in the minds of the public until any departure from established precedent is eventually looked upon as a daring innovation, and most often as an unwarran table alteration. When, therefore, an actor dares to be original and to present his own ideal of any well-known part he runs a great risk of being condemned by theprejudice jand not tl 6 judgment of his audience. No one feels tl e danger of thus being swayed by prejudice more than the dramatic critic — that is if he be an honest man, whose heart is in his work ; and at no time does he find more difficulty .in being assured of his own strict impartiality than when judging of a performance wherein a well-known character, such for instance as that of Hamlet, is treated in an unconventional manner. There can be but little doubt that we have had rather too much in the way of innovation of late years. Since Fechter presented the royal Dane in a flaxen wig, nearly every actor who has essayed the role has thought himself justified in making what alterations he pleased. We have had new readings innumerable, and of these many a one unfortunately is introduced for no other object than to bolster up a claim to originality 'in the fool that uses it.' There have even been female impersonators of the part, and we doubt nothing that, if we live long enough and the rage for novelty continue, we shall yet see a comic Hamlet clown it on the stage. To return to Mr. Dampier. Although he pre sents much that is novel, and although there are many points in his impersonation which will excite comment and difference of opinion, every one who has witnessed his portrayal of Himlefc will readily agree that his good qualities far outweigh the bad. 'What Mr. Danipier's real conception of the motif of Hamlet's conduct and the object of his life is was not very clearly con veyed. If we understand him aright, he begins with the hypothesis that Hamlet's madness was merely feigned— an assumption which we have before stated we do not think is warranted by the text, but which is undoubtedly the most effective for the purpose of stage representation. If Mr. Dampier does not show any consisteucv in the hero's actions he is justified bv the language of the play. Any one who has 'given the character serious consideration must see that Hamlet has no settled purpose in life after his mind is unhinged by family troubles. His acts from first to last are not influenced by any fixed object, and the retributive deed at the close iu killing the KiDg is done on the impulse of the moment, and is induced by circumstances which he has had no hand in bringing to pxss. Id one or two scenes Mr. Dampiers acting might: have con veyed the impression that he beliered Hamlet's mind was temporarily unstrung, but the idea was never fully demonstrated. The phasein the character of the unfortunate Prince which Mr. Dampier most prominently displays, and properly so, is his very affectionate nature, as shown in his intense love for his dead father, his guilty mother, his gentle mistress, and his faithful friend. Mr. Dampier, who has a good stage presence and strong, well-cultivated voice, adopts the flaxen wig. He dresses the character in a manner which is dissimilar from the tunic traditional dress as worn by Mr. Brooke, or the short doublet such as was introduced by JMr. Montgomery and Mr. Fairclough. He also has a cloak reaching nearly to the knee hanging behind like a hussar's jacket. Bound his neck is a heavy chain, from which depends a miniature of. his dead father, of which considerable use is made. A number of alterations are made in the situa tions, which are for the mo3t part effective, par ticularly that in which the body of the drowned Ophelia is carried past an open archway at the back of the stage. Another use is made of this archway, which opens on the battlements over looking the sea. In the first scene with Kosen cranz and Guildenstern the words, 'This most excellent canopy, the air, look you, — this brave o'erhanging firmament, this majestical roof fretted with golden fire' — are spoken by the Prince standing beneath the open sky in a tone of exaltation as of one who loved the phenome non of nature. There is, however, another point which cannot be overlooked, and which Mr. Dampier would do well to rectify. He takes very great liberties with the text. In an ordinary play this may pass unnoticed, but in Shakspearian drama it is inexcusable. In his elocution. Mr. Dampier is rather fond of marked contrasts. He speaks a few lines in a deeply solemn accent, and then suddenly breaks into a light and rapid conver sational tone. Sometimes this is really appro priate, although rather opposed to the .conven tional idea of the ' melancholy Prince,' but at others it rather jars on the ear. Glancing through the performance the first point of difference that attracted attention was in the ghost scene, where Mr. Dampier sank on his knee, and in that posture addressed the spirit. The speech, 'Angels and ministers of grace defend us,' was in part delivered in a rather sermoaic tone; but the scene on the whole was impressive. At the words, ' I am thy father's spirit,' Mr. Dampier drops his sword, and appears shaken with intense enfotion. We hold it a mistake that Hamlet should repeat the word ' murderf in a tone of surprise as Mr. Dampier renders it. Hamlet has strongly sus pected the fact— that of his uncle's guilt — and his accent should be one of conviction or of deep horror at liaving his suspicions confirmed, but not of astonishment. After the disappearance of the spirit Mr. Dampier produced a good eSect by standing apparently stupefied for a moment or two and then falling prone; but the realism would have been heightened if the fall had been seemingly a failure of the muscles to sustain the weight of the body, and had borne less the appearance of premeditation. In the scene that follows with Horatio and Marcellus it may be admitted that as Hamlet afterwards reveals what has passed in the ghostly interview to Horatio, his principal cause of distrust was Marcellus; but this hardly justifies Mr. Dampier in making his speech so pointedly refer to Mar cellus alone as he does when he says — addressing him directly— 'But you'll be secret;' and after wards, ''Tis an honest ghost, that let me tell you? and, 'As for your desire to know what is betweenws' (pointing to himself and Horatio). The terms of the oath, too, were specially tendered to Marcellus, who then made his exit, Hamlet and Horatio retiring into a small lighted chapel at the opposite side, in which an organ is playingsoftly. .Now we hold strongly that the text does not warrant the supposition that Hamlet and Horatio had already anything between them touching the scene that had jusc taken place, nor that Hamlet had determined to reveal the secret to his friends, though the fact that he afterwards did so favours the presumption that such was his intention. The language in the scene obviously refers to both Horatio and Marcellus, and should be addressed to both. To the meeting with Kosencranz and Guilden stern reference has already been made, but there were two other points in this interview worth noticing- First, the violent manner in which Hamlet says, referring to the actors, ' the King shall be welcome f and afterwards, on hearing that they are not so favoured as formerly, says, 'It is not strange, for my uncle is King of Denmark,' as though he could not get the King out of his thoughts. The idea was a good one of causirg the two sycophants to wear medal lions of the Xing round their necks, which Hamlet handles, whilst saying, 'Those that would make mows at him while my father lived give twenty, forty, fifty, a hundred ducats a piece for his picture in little,' The fine soliloquy, 'Oh,*what a rogue and peasant slave am I,' was given with considerable force, but it is questionable if it was not a trifle too loud. ' To be or not to be' was spoken standing or rather walking about, and was not ineffective. An entirely new reading was given to the interview with Ophelia. The expedient of making the King and Polonius visible is used, and Mr. Dampier's idea is that Hamlet shall direct parts of his discourse at them ; but when out of their sight and hearing he cannot resist showing the true state of his feelings for Ophelia, and so the interview consists of bursts of wild insult and impassioned tenderness. He .draws Ophelia's head upon his breast when saying ' I did love you once,' which is gently spoken, then throws her off, and in frantic rage hurls the following more at the ' King than at her ; and where, speaking of his offences, he says, WI am very proud, revengeful, ambitious,' he plainly addresses his concealed uncle, and at the word ambitious encircles his head with his hand as though to indicate that his ambition is to wear the crown. He tears the letters Ophelia has just given him to frag ments, and throws them towards the 'K'in-r- All this was effective enough, but what follows we cannot commend. Most of the speech, ' I have heard of your brawliugs, too,' was spoken out side, but a return was made at the words, ' It hath made me mad.' Ophelia had sunk on her knees in the middle of the stage when saying, ' Ohj heavenly powers, restore him!' and ra^ mained kneeling. Hamlet, standing at the wing, calls her to him with the vulgar expres sion, 'I say.' Then taking her in his arms, adds tenderly, ' We will have no more mar riages, Sec.' breaking into a rage at the words, 'To a nunnery go.' It will be perceived that in this the text is actually adhered to, which runs — ' I say we will have no more marriages j' but the interpretation placed upon it by Mr. Dampier is,' to put it mildly, a most extraordinary one. The play scene was very effectively presented, and the burst of frantic' rage at the close was exceedingly realistic. Thcseeond interview with Bosencranz and Guildenstem was well managed and thoroughly natural. In the closet scene it looked too suggestive of the purpose to which it would be put for Hamlet'tb come in with a drawn sword in his hand. This action, how ever, bespeaks thought on the part of Mr. Dampier, who has evidently taken the proper view that Hamlet could not be wearing his sword in the house, but yet might carry it with him on such an occasiou as this to guard against treachery. As we have before said on a previous occasion, we regard the entrance of the ghost in this scene as an error, because it is only viewed by Hamlet, which impression is destroyed when it is palpably present to all eyes. The address to the spirit was given solemnly but calmly, and the voice lacked the emotional quality, but the appeal to the Queen was very tender and touch ing. Instead of the long black cloak usually adopted in the graveyard scene Mr. Dampier wears a short garment with sleeves heavily trimmed with fur, and conducts the colloquy with the gravedigger seated on a chest. The wild rhapsody at the grave was admirably rendered, and the contrast to the everyday tone in which the words, ' Nay an' thou'lt mouth, HI rant as well as thoa/'were delivered was very marked and striking. The notion of con stantly making pointed allusions to the King was sustained here br addressing to him the words — ' The cat will mew, the dog will have his day.' The final scenes in the tragedy were also well worked out. Mr. Dampier was greeted with hearty ap plause throughout, aud was recalled at the termination, of each act, which is conclusive evidence that lie has made a favourable impres sion. Enough has been said to show that he has carefully thought out the part for himself, and has been actuated by a desire to present it in what he regards as a proper light. Though by no means devoid of faults, his conception of this very difficult role does him great credit and speaks highly for his intelligence and earnestness. We venture to say that, putting all prejudice aside, few will be displeased with Mr. Dampier's Hamlet. The other characters were for the most part, admirably sustained. Space will not permit of our making special mention of any of the performers, but this we will do in our nest notice. 'Hamlet' will be repeated to-night, when we hope to see the crammed house which both the play and the performance deserve. Spuing Bace Meeting.— We are glad to see that the new Jockey Club Committee have begun their year of office with, a very sensible act. They have altered the dates of the Spring Races, so as to have both the Club's meeting and that of the Hunt Club on Saturdays. It will be seen by an advertisement that the Jockey Club meeting is fixed for the 22nd September, and the Hunt Club meeting for the 29fch of the same month 