it ~iHE ERMAN BTS'LRY Stoe yea tgu I bename aquainted with- ; a young Geriman hose, talets and awlmirble di'spositiwi, but still more his habitual .air of, daespondency, s.tountly pos essed me int Si f invnur.: Our acquaintance soon ripened g our intimacy; ;.and so familiar did. he at last beciiom that few evenings without his'tiking t hisusual soet by our fireside- were spent, at which. he reiiiained as lonug as:-he pleased, jonin in the conversation. e Soietimnes he was lured into a studious t game of chess with one of nmysisters; some- e tiumes he brought a book ; sometimes he sat for hours apparently listening to the musici. or merry chat going on around him. One evening the whole family, excepting rm3a self were gone to a ball; and I was sitt ing alone when my friend walked in. He seemed at first even more taciturn than ordinary, for he merely shook my hand,s without speaking, and dropped into his cus tonary chair, while I went on reading.. The7 book incidentally suggested to my mind the t subject of supernatural appearances; and, ikunowingihat a large faith in such thiogs is 'i commonly ascribed to his countrymen, I C thought I might obtaia some interesting conuriunications froni him; and suddenly aooking up; I asked him if he ever felt in-ce clined to believo in ghosts? An instantaneous change came over him. i "Are they all out for the evening?" he asked, with` an expressiou of unusual vi vacity.. " All," was my reply. * Then," said lie, throwing himself on the sofabeside mc, " I will tell you how ar Ifa believe in ghosts (or wliatever else you iunty call the spirits oflthe dead), and the'reason SI have for my belief.'" I must first inforni you that I was.bronght I up in a quiet and very old house oh the hbr dsurs of an )ut-uf-the-way little coun ry town, about silty miles from Vienna:; A bleak expauso of half cultivated fields, terminated by a range of very distant hills, extended beyond our garden. The house itself lied nothing to recummnend it; for it was an assemblage of large rooms with los' coil itgs, dark flights, strange incomprelheasible closets, odd passages, and- at the top of all, b noauth the steep roof, a set of the wildest old garrets that ever held lumber. illy mother has been dead some years but still vivid recollection of her gentle facej aid sweet n;uscai voice whon I left home at the age of sixteen, to condiouo my studies at Liei.e!ibe.g. 3Mv father, through grief at my motlher s loss, and also in consequence sof some sv e.em ecuniary troubles, had be Scomne morose and sullen. Of my two sisters, Sthe oelder, remanined at ahome with him; and r the younger-my espe-cial favorite, thIe coi-n Spalfni'n of cil iijy childish sports and fondest. re"oilection, tmeo beautiful, the graceful, the c:ltivati in Bo otna-was married, and gone I to reode in a dist ant country; so distalit, in eed, that it was extremely unlikely that w'e .hi ,ild ever mLUeet again in this world. j I hdil been four years at the university whoil news reached nie of tihe sudden deathi 3 o my faiher,. atnd the necessity of mly i,1 I1 mediate return. It wies. niid-winter, nu.l Stoe snowu laa so thick, and continued to fall ) so heavily, that-my jorur9y was consiriderably 2 retarded; and thus.it happened that I- did I 'ii:t r'ci hone, till the evening of the day I oin anlibh hy father's. funeral had. taken place. SA deatbhlike.chill soned to perva-3de the whl le house, and an air. ol decay. houngall airound it. I knocked several times without auining admittance ;:but at length., the door 1 .iws opened by my sister, who received me coldly, telling no that the funeral had al re-- tlv aken place, and reproaching me with ;nrv negligence in not coming to time. Unfovtunriely, before I had earned a caharactor. fo1r procsastinattng ; but as in the piresent instance I was. wholly blameless of the delay, Leonfidently pleaded the snow as my excuse. lownever, sisters-have a per B verse habit of idcntifying their grown-up 3 brothers with the -littlel boys.who used to \- tell fibs fo- the sako of tops. and apples; and mine, coldly casting. her. oyes. over the wild landscape, blackened beneath. the withering bientih of an.east wind, remarked Ssatreastically that it was strauge no. anew had fallen thr',rrr 1 1 had not the heart to quarrel with her 3 for thus giving me the lie, for, shoe w 6 suffering Irom deep grief; and I, too, was 3 ulCi dejected. The hearth of my child I hotd's home was cold, and Death seemed 3 statling through its wide, damp. empty D chambers. I drew the familiar bolts of the 3 old door, cnd flloved roy sister into thi I u'u dl titling room-a,, past a sumall passage, Ibi froni which a glass door opened iuto thte I wildereasa of a garden. Ybu will see pro 3 s etly why I oiCiitioa this door. There was no servant in the house; \- and a small, hlruf-extinguished fire in the . row, to which my sister led ns, was alt that warmed the dreary vvastness of this n:ost ds. olate abode. What a welcome borne after a four year's ahsence!I Not a word of affction-not a smile ncr a u i rmn apressure of the hand-not .minena mino'li of tO.imrs over our common bereavement! s Sejhia h1.d m'ways been a quiet, tho'iht s ful giml, lbu I laed never seen her so frigid .1s atfis; iiceed, she seemed to ble uinles e the iloui nec of a iiibhtmrnre. Without a we dor, se s0at down on a los' seat beside thI a miser'-'hle fiie; and there, with her folded \- hand- resting on her knees, her head hang a ing diovn upo:i her b east, and her eyes ised: vncuntly ipon the bars. she continued s r to.)rock h1mi-self backwards amid forwards, oc 5 casionally utferilg a deep sigh. o I eodud not find a word to break the horrid e sileneo; I looked around-- everything was a just as I had left it; ;tere stood my f-sther's 0 gun and stick in- their accustonied corne-nr ; \- itihre vece the old book-shelves with their iell-kin mon, o t-read volumes; there was' n thie antiquatel pianoforte and coeval chess e boamrd e'rPtly as it used to be.- But -rh! t ,what was it that lay upon every thing like i, a death-damp, and oppressed my spirits with the vague horror of some approaching -evil? The olosiog: of a distant door startled 0 ' iDid, vou-not say you were alone in the a house?" T'aSked; "Some"one must have 0 got in." a " I forget to-Igt- yoU that Battina is.come Snehome," replied the sister.. " Bettina cnm- home!" I exclaimed; " why r did 'you not.tell:mo so. before?. Where is -ry: o'~rreeufhi,'' said Sophia; an'd, arsbe to asp hea roiigsalitiddcr lhoik her frfuio i bi sl 8eloked up into imy' face with every 'I fe ttirelshipi"iued ais Ibysohiy e inward agony,. is a d hei eyes gleamed fearfully bright above ci hI r lividd cheeks. y " Hier white lips quivered and parted; and '8 e seemed about to say something with it tr mbling' eagerness, -whoii the door was it g itly opened, and she cowered down agaiti b a d bowed her head as before. But oh! iI tI at wild yearairing look 1 It will haunt me , fr ever. 1 With a soft and gliding step, Bettine t entered, bearing in her hands some prepara tiuns for supper; The few years that had i elapsed 'had not impaired the rounded syminatory of her figure; but there was a s stifcness and angularity in her movements which showed too plainly that tile grace rand elasticity of youth were gone. " My darling Bettina!" I exclaimed, ad yancing to embrace her., \- She disengaged one hand from the things she was carrying, and it ewtended to me. I Clasped it affectionately; but oh ! how can t I describe the sickening sensation that shot t through my nerves as I touched that cold, E [ claummy, corpse-like hand 1: It was stiff and -r impassive, and the flesh seemed-to yield like [ !clay beneath my pressure, as though there I were no buoyant vitality within to raise it r up. again; I looked hard into her face. There, in- f 'deed, were her sweetly formed classical "features, and her large dark grey eyes; but where was the playful mobility of those features which, had been. their- greatest charm?- Where was the liquid roll of those soft and lustrous eyes ?- Where ?" Where ? The features were rigid and dull;. the eyes were glassy and expressionless; they never moved nor blinked (for I watched closely) thie skrin looked sodden and sallow, except where a patch of deep.red, that looked like tpainut, covered each cheek. Shlo, too, seemed iunder the nighltmare, as well as Sophia. I could not kiss her, but turned away and Sexamined the book-case, while Bettina. .busied herself at the fire is preparing some milk. for nmy supper, as she used 'to do in days gone by. I tried to occupy my mind withll the books before me, and had just e succeeded in fixing i my attention on one vulomie, whelicn a groan fronm 0ophia male inct look up. Bottina was leaning over her, with one hand upon her hea. Sh11e with . drew her hand when I looked up, and witih another deep groan Sophia's iher1 satkc still farther forward, till the forehead'toucL d sher clasped hands that lay upon her knees. 4 What was more natural than that these Sgroans and that desponding Attitude should io thie expression of her grief?. You will hardly believe me when I tell (j you that I culld not help attributing the chango that passed over everythling to the Spresence of Bettina. e She whom I hlad so dearly loved-she whose return I should have hailed withli delight-she whose sweet voice and lightf fairy step were the sunlight of mi boyhood's memories;--oh !. 'twas Ihorrible ! 'twas un natunral 'twas monstrous What di oliciial i influence was at work within me that her I very.uspect. now. seemed repuigu:alt to mne 1 that, at her approach, a pestilential atmio jj sphere seoemed to surround me-that while , my eyes. would have led me to love her for i her sweet form, I felt an invincible loathing y and detestation that made nme shrink from Sher. with instinctive abhorrence ? Do not wonder that-even nowl speak wildly on thisI , subject; for, at the time, I knew not 11! which TIhated the most-myself, for her t bouring, such.feelings, or her, for exciting Sthem. 8 Well, she turned slowly. round and ad 1- yned towards me, carrying the bowl con ;h taining the supper she had prepared for me upon the tips of her left hand fingers. a "Se, my darling brother," she said; ap proaching close to me, "I.have not forgotten f what you used to .be so fond of. Will you s take this.from me as kindly. us you utted to rldolongago?' " What sorrows must this poor girl have o endured to change her so!" I thougllt. " Thanks; dear Bettina," 'Isaid aloud, and i aj rised a spoonful of the milk to my lips. e A strange, sickening sensation in my heart caused me to replace it hastily. As I did.so Isaw her-hand as quickly withdrawn from almost contact with my body, just w whare I had felt the pai.. ;could -not en I dare tile horrid suspiwion that fi:slled across i oiy nind; I would not believe that she had c nused thlat pmain;.so sliaking offithe numb niIss that was creeping over my senses, I took lip the spoon again, and with a smile thlat felt like a hateful grin, prepared to eat. Agaill-agoil ; it is no figure of speech . to a iay that I felt that my heart was. being dri in, iriesistibly drawn from my bosonm. I stepped back, and fixed my eyes sternly upon IhI. Her features wore slightly con toirted, and a dark vindictive glance shot irom hlr eyOes;. but im an instant thip ex 1i pressioln was changed for one of almost Lypooritiwal softness. 1 What!" ite etCutlaimed, reproachfully, a b"e ti it thui you welcome horne your poor' nBettinn, after so long an absence ? I had fund lv hoped'that all my suffrings would have been compensated, at least, by may brother's.love. I see that my hope was il vain I or " D'mr Blottina." sail I, " I a111T stangely a ill to-nighlt, and I calnnot eats. Pry' excuse I 18' tmi; indeed. I' am quite as grateful for your I d kindness as though I partook of the supper y you have prepared for me.. But I am sick at heart " at She sig-ihed and moved slowly away, with c- an air of extrome mortification. That look -that sig hovercame me. I was following ii her, in oiler to take thle milk and, compel as mj self to eat it, when I heard a tapping at s's the n-lass-doer whichl Ihave already men r; tioned as opening into the garden. This i, anoise sounded somewhat like the fluttering as of a birds wing1 which-in fact, I supposed it s- must be..as there was no way of getting i! into the garden except through the house. ue To the door, however, Iwent, and opened .ts it: The weather. had undergone· a total Ig change sine c canme in. Tile. keen, dry, ad easterly- wind had yielded-to a damp,. foggy breede from the north.west; Not an object Ju nao uzU0rwt;aueI-'Mruugn met uense wanie ve mist, but close to. the door aý column of thicker vapour hovered, sometimes assuming ae a strong-resemblance. to- a; human, form. ;Whilst rstrainedmy> eyes. to. see a. little .y farther, a. voice,. that was:like the sighing is of the wind rendered articulate,, whispered i.my.ear,. "ea Taste not the food. she offers to you, kias her not touuh er not; . but. t iin, eryin Godss namei , ledave the house. nI inot Bettiti;, Bettina is dead, and this co is.o fiedend thiathas enitered her body, and b cono herd to draw youi heart pttt Look'to I, your sater." a lhe nusty column beat forwards till I felt tl it cold, damps sweep across iy face; and as f it passed it partially cleared away, and I A h3leld the countenance of my mother., Faint, 'n i deed, and shadowy were the lineaments; t] but the larg'e dark eyes shone with peculis prp Ipstre, and gazed earnestly, into mine, a9' h they passed within a few inches. M I dared not doubt, but obedient to the'last I injunction, I hastened backli. It was not too c goon for there, bending over her victim, I stood the abhorred thing in that most lovely form, with both her vile hands on my poor j sister's head, which she supported; while f he latter, with her dull eyes fixed on l acancy,. was begining to-eat the mixture, t which I. now considered as a broth. com pounded with fiendish charms. . s I dashed the basin from her hands, and d the contents hissed among the embers asi they extinguished the last glimmer of the fire y At the same moment I cried out, " I- the 1 -name of heavsen, what are you-doing ?' t A horrible change came over that which. c I trust my sweet sister's spirit will forgive c me for calling Bettina. The face was con- f vulsed; and the eyes fashed with actual flame; while the body-oh ! that 1 could 1 forget that sight l I must try to describe it, however. It f seemed as.thongh the dsad and half-stiffened t corpse was being shaken violently by some agency within. It was not the free and natural action of life, for the body looked dead, and moved in jerks and angles. It was mad from excess of terror, and lost all self-command when the dreadful thing sprang fiercely at me. I snatthed up the gun, levelled, and fi:ed. 1-saw- and heard nothing after that, for the lamip was cashed out, and I' fell senseless.1 The cold, gray glimmer of a winter morn I ing was feebly struggling through the L. crevices of-the window-slihutters when I re Sgained my conqciousncss. All was. silent ; I and I began to. think I was back in my old I room at Heidelberg, whoen a vague inarti tn culate murmur close by recalled to me the 3 condition in which I had last seen my poor 3 sister Sophie ;: acd then the whole horror of the preceding night rushed upon my \- mind. -l I wanted to open the shutters, but feared I to cross the roo, lest I should stumblo over Ia corpse. lowover, the gun wag still in my1 i hand; so advancing cautiously, and feeling Smy way- with it, I reache& the - window. I £l tore open the shutters wi:.h frantic haste, trembling lost something horrible should be Shjvpring behind me all the time. e the caiu daylight dispelling my terrors. a There was no one in the room but Sophia, who still eat upon the low seat beside thb 0 fireplace, rocking horsoii to and fro, and fe uttering the indistinct sounds- that had t struck my ear. I spoke to her, but she s made no reply. I called to her. I shouteod. \- She did not appear to hear me. I ap 1 proaclod. and shook lier-; gently at first, r j but at last almost with-.violence. In vain she was utterly unimpressionable. I-ran out of the house and called assist Salice. The neiglhbors flocked in, and with r them came a physician-the same who had g attended my father. After a short examin n ation, this geintlemian dealared her to be a t hopeless idiot I! is G (rief for her father' deahl waa- too - ob ,t Ivious a cause to be overlooked, especially -as this view of the case was supported by g my account of her apathetic delipirtment on i the precsdiog evening;: for I said nothing I- of the horrible occurrences of the night. She w- was removed to an asylum under the immo e diate superintendence of our good doctor, where she has -remained ever since. \- You -may-. be suie I did not pass another a night in that house. In fact, I only re u turned there for a few minutes, to make .o arrangements for disposing of it for Sophia's beneft, ereIL quitted the town for ever. e - While there, however, the howling of a dog t. caught my ear; it proceeded from the room di where I passed the night;- and thither I hastened. A stray dog had found its way y into the house, and now stood half crouching - I over a dark spot near the fireplace. I looked n closely.at this spot, and my blood ran cold; st that deep red stain assured me that my shot - i- had taken-effect. ji I hastened away. .d To no soul had I;brenthed - a hiit of the >- night's adventure; and it was highly impro I bable that Sophia would ever be in a state La to reveal it, so I left my native town with t. the hideous secret locked - within my own to hi-east, anid returned to Heidelberg. There, g however, I could not rest a single da). An Li. iircjiressible curiosity urged me to visit ly Bottina's husband, and learn the particulars 1- of her death, and also, if possible, to obtain at ia sight of the body. I set off instantly, and t- in about two months I landed at the distant st port, nithin a fow miles of my brother-in law's residence. Y* During the voyage an obvious diffioulty )r preseited itself to my mind. How should II account for-my appearance, as ihad received .d from him no iintioiation of her death ? After LY nmuch deliberation I determined to say that \- hard study having injured my health, I had \- taken this voyage to recruit it, and, indeed, Iy my nerves were so far restored to their so wonted tone, that I began to doubt the ii renlity of the dread fiul visitation, and to hope that I might- find Bettina alive. This at hope wass.extinguished~s hortly- after I had landed. - ch On inquiry I found' that she was dead, \- and had been buried on the same day that g my father-was. I could not-hear this with el out a shudder. at Her husband received me kindly; and on i- -my making a request to see the body-of my is sister, he agreed to it-as a most natural and ig proper wish; - and after the requisite lire. it liminaries, he accompanied me to the vault, g .and waited at the entrance while I de scended.' I had objected' to the presence' of ad ny workmen;- so Iopened the coffin with al tools that 1 had brought, amid then threw y, 'the light of thb- lantern upiio the corpse. ;y Strenuously as Phad nerved iiyself to bear et anything that I might see,- P could not to 'behold the asight 'before me ihoithout deeip of emotion. On each oheek was a patch of ig -red paint, presenting a sickly contrast with n. the cadaverous hue of the rest of the face; le and through the neck there iwas a gun agshot- wound,, from-which the blood -wa 3d 1oozing. - re -I have often marvelled whenc-3 Iobtained the. coiirage -;hic supported me at the mjotite at, w hil;~iB~r t~c E momient,` whoT gently wiped the inuiltin colour from that pale face: ' soft, .siweet breedz played through the 'vault of `death: aI Iknow not wlhtiher it came from the sunny n and fl:,veiy earth above, oriwhether it was the spirit of my dead sister that 1issed my B face and then passed over that of the corpse. As little do- I know whether it' was the re- ti f'moval of the. paint, or the healing' breathif the happy spirit that caused a. change to :1 pass over Bettina's features. Otrtain.it is however, that when I looked again' they t wore a calm and holy expression. Serenity t had passed intd my own soul; I reverently r closed the coffin, and returned to the blessed light of heaven. The next day saw me on my travels again, n journeying back to Europe, hut not to my i fatherland. I came to England, where I t had not been long when I had the good for tune to meet with you. You are the only t person to whom I have ever conifiled this r secret. Keep it whilst I live. When I am dead you may publish it to the wWole wirld a if you.like, under the single condition that t you make a post-m ortem.exatninatin of my body; for I have a haunting conviction,. that my.heart.siistained an injury on that occasion. which will ultimately cause my t death. And now, do you believe that I have faith .in things supernatucal ?* Poor fellow !'how. was it possible to doubt his perfect fath iii the strange stir, he hal related to me. L could not; thou.,h.Il might suspect it had occurred in his own nag iua tion alone. Two subsequent events, how I ever, tended much to alter his opinion. One I was a correspondenc which I hail witll his I family physician at the time of h:.s death, which took place a few mo aths after .the lconversation related above, in whici I ascer tained that his sister Sophia htiad really be come an idiot on the nIight following her I father's funeral, on which day also his other sister, who had gone abroad, had been buried.. The other circunustance was the result of the post niortitu exauiination; w hich was in accordance with his wish, whon Sit was found'that his heart was considerably e onlarged, particularly towards the front of I the body. I a I it really been partially drawn fronm Shim by the demon ? Was there any truth , in the tal e hde told 'une? I tremNbled to think it miight be possible. Who shall dj; Scide ? 