NEWS OF THE DAY. The R.M.S.S. Tanjore, from Galle, with the December mails on board, came to an anchorage in Hobson's Bay at half-past five o'clock this morning, after a very creditable run round from Glenelg, where she left at one p.m. on Wednesday last. She was sighted from Cape Otway at eight o'clock last evening, and at the Port Phillip Heads at 1.80 this morning, In consequence . of the squally state of tbe weather, however, she was compelled to anchor for fully an honr, when she renewed her voyage, and was boarded by tbe officers of tbe Mail Department in the. mail Bteam tug at the hour above mentioned. The mails were ready for delivery in Melbourne and suburbs punctually, at nine o'clock, Our Sydney telegrams contain very important information, For a long time the Opposition in the Assembly has been attempting to get an adverse motion carried against the Ministry, but failing in this, they became disorganised, and it seemed as if the Robertson Cabinet were to remain in power for ever. M. Parkes resigned the leadership of the Opposition, and after some negotiations, Mr Peddington, the book importer, well known in politics, was elected leader of the Opposition. He signalised his advent by at once moving a vote of censure, having evidently, as the result proves, counted heads very closely. The debate began last night, and the Assembly sat until 2.20 this morning discussing the motion. It was thought the Ministry, would have had a large majority, but the result must have surprised everyone, as they had only a majority of three, the voting being 29 for tho Government and 26 for Mr Peddington's motion. This narrow vote will probably compel the Government to "consider their position." One result is that Mr Garrett, tho Minister of Lands, who was accused of corruption and drunkenness, has resigned his position in the Ministry. A publican, named Abraham Gordoq, the temporary lioenseo of tho London Tavern, Smith street, Collingwood, delibe rately committed suicide in his bedroom yesterday evening, in consequence, it is pre sumed, of having been refused a transfer of the licence of his hotel at the Fitzroy Police Court yestorday morning. Full particulars ef the affair appear in another column, A contemporary states this morning that Mr Helm, of Sandhurst, has been offered the Crown Prssscutorship, and hns accepted the office, We are authorised to Btate th.t tbe statement is incorrect. 7 ho future Crown Prosticutor has not yet been appointed, Tho Chief Commissioner of Police is hold ing an inquiry into n charge of insulting laiifnago brought by Colonel Anderson against a constable. Tho occurrence took placo in Collina street a day or two ago. and wan witnessed by a number of persons. From what can be gathered, a woman, said to have been intoxicated, fell off tbe pavement into the ohannel, and the Nonstable was summoned to pick her up, On bis way te de ao, Colonel Anderson reproached him for not being smarter, and the 'constable made somo retort, whioh forms the ground of the charge Babmi'ted to the Commissioner. Councillor Evans announces in onr adver tising columns that ho is a candidate for the representation of Fitzroy. Mr Evans stands in the " Liberal interest." Tho arbitrary procedure of altering the sheet and changing the charges preferred against prisoners in tho City Police Court, which is sometimes adopted by the officer who, for the time, is proseonting on behalf of the polioe, was called in question this morning by Mr Gillott the attorney, A girl of bad character, named Sarah Floyd, was placed in the dock charged with stealing £14 from a bnsbman. The police not having recovered any of the money, desired to change the Charge to one of vagrancy. Mr Kane painted out that the proceeding was a most irregular one, and was moreover quite illogal. ; Mr Inspector Hontford still persisted in altering the ahcet, when Mr Gillott who was in court at tbe time, addressed tho bench as amicus curire, and pointed out that the police were acting in an illegal manner. The prisoner was thon discharged. - At the General Sessions to-fiay, hiB Honor Jndge Cope intimated that on account of the death of the sheriff, the court would not ait tomorrow. The tenth haH- yearly mealing of' the Melbourne Woollen Mill Company wi 11 be held in the Temperance Hall, at eight o'clock, this evening. Leyain's Carlton DistriotBand will perform the following programme in tno Carlton Gardens, to-morrow (Saturday) afternoon, from half'past three to half-past five : — March, I'm a soldier, -ydney JoneB ; Selection, Christy " Minstrels, Metcalfe ; Bchottische, Lnllaby, by desire, Fritz Die- mling ; Overture, Baeur and Diahter, Snppe; Waltz, Messenger of Love, Coote; Selection, Grand Duchess, Offenbach ; March, Tann- hanser, Wagner ; Galop, The Ghost, Mus- grave ; God Save the Queen, A transfer of the license of tho Victoria Hotel, Footscray, was granted yesterday, from Thomas Bent to Mrs Hudson, late of Collingwood. ' It wiU be good news for tho inhabitants of Brunswick and Coburg to learn that the cab men have at length resolved to reduce the high fares now charged after seven o'clock p.m. After Monday next the faro will be sixpence until w p.m. bome ot too cabmen opposed the -change altogether, whilst others wished to charge doable fare only aftar midnight. A compromise, however, wob effected in the terms above stated, Several matches at handball are arranged to come off at the .Prahran handball conrt on to-morrow afternoon, play commencing at three o'clock, Letter boxes have been erected at Foots cray, to the great delight of tho inhabi tants, The following programme is to be performed by Allan's Premier Band on Saturday, at three o'clock, St, Kilda Esplanade:—Grand March, The Inflexible, Kelly; Quadrille, Spanish Bouquet, Riviere; Fantasia (on Scottish airs), Bonnie Scotland, Sibola; Waltz, The Dragoon Guards, Jones; Musical Extravaganza, The Derby Day, Basquit; Galop, Cliquet, Godfrey; Fantasia (on Ireland's Minstrelsy), Erin go Bragh, Melcalf; Waltz, Messenger of Love, Coote; Galop, Orphee Anx infers, Riviere. About 2,30, this morning, a lire broke ont in an empty old wood shed, situated in High street, St, Kilda, at the rear of the Bay.Vi-w Hotel, Some damage was occasioned to a five-roomed dwelling house closely adjoining, owned and occupied by Mrs H. Robertson. The damage|is covered by insurance in the Victorian Permanent Insurance Company, The local fire brigade extinguished the fire. The first prosecution at Williamstown nnder the New Publicaus Act was heard at Williamstown this morning. William Hin- cock, landlord of the Bristol Hotel, was summoned for " suffering liquor to be drunk in his house" on Sunday, the 28th inst. Sergeant Daley said he visited the house about 12.30 a.m. on the morning named, and seeing some fluid in a glass before a customer, he told him to drink it and go home. From the color, the liquor, he thought, had the appearance of ale. Mr Harcourt, who defended, said it was quite evident the man had done what be had been told to do by the police, A witness had been subpeenaed to attend, bnt bis not doing bo, the bench thought, in his absence, they conid not commit, and dismissed the oomplaint, No further instructions had been received by the Williamstown police this morning relativo to the body whioh waB conveyed away yesterday ond buried at Geelong without an inquest being held, though tho causes of death;' were such as would justify such a course being taken. 