TflE LATE STORMS. Tin; disasters caused by the recent cyclone in India, it is said, are unprecedented in t!io reivrds of that country. The low-lying islands at i.';e mouth of the Ganges, and along the coast of bengal, are peculiarly liable to such visitations; but ;!)e devastation and mortality caused by the last- sur pass even tlnic ui 3822, which was the most fatal one within the meipory of man. These storms rolling along ,thc India:! Qjea'n when tiisy brfi&k; ovar countries n«?t pro tected by an iroii-iwmui svs.st are usually disastrous in proportion to tijeu1 j.tjtc-iisity. This cyclone r.-uleti over tUsst islands a wave over twenty feet in hoiuli':, which in many instances completely submerged the land. There are various estimates made of l!i.' pmhr.hle loss of human life by the disaster. The lowest is not less than 150,000, but oae who are ivell acquaintcd with the. population of the country compute the mortality at about 24.0,000 persons. At first it was supposed tli.it there was a probability that those poor creatures vho survived the delude would have died of starvation, as all the food of the country was swept away or otherwise destroyed. However, that has been averted by the prompt action taken by the Govern ment in sending assistance to the poor people. f'he prudence of the inhabitants who, iu many places, make provision against disasters of that kind liy burying quantities of corn iu the earlii, came to their relief in this emergencv. But although the activity.of the Government and the foresight of the people will prevent the danger . of starvation to the survivors, yet dangers of another kind, springing too from the fatality, threaten the most grievous disasters. The greatest difficulty has been experienced in burying tin: dead. Thousands of human bodies, and tens of thousands of the bodies of beasts, are lying about, and are 011I3' found out by the pestiferous eliluvia given (til during decomposition, poisoning the a tin os pile re andengenderingepidemio disease, bir Richard Temple, the Lieutenant-Go vernor of Bengal, with his staff, has visited the scene of the desolation, and whilst re lie\ing the survivors f;ho most overpowering sorrow has been felt and expressed for the deaths that constantly were revealed at every step he took. I11 some of the tosvns the mortality was computed by an able I statist on his staff (Mr. Bevirly), his secretar}', to be 30 per cent., and in others 50 per cent, of the whole local population. Men, women, and children were drowned iu tanks and their bodies were found some times iu the most out-of-the-way situa tions. The thing was so sudden, Sir Richard reports, that one gentleman, a Mr. Higgins, an inspecting postmaster, was in his barge 011 the fatal night, 31st October. It was moored near oac.>ily, about ten .miles from the island of Megna. He retired to bed, about eleven o'clock without ob serving. any appearance of a storm on the sea, or entertaining . a fear of the disaster that 'was so rapidly approaching the land. Die boatmen' were on shore, and his four only were in the barge $$?....' before niidniuht lie was awakened,by. ;the. cry " the waters are up." He., -jumpedout. .of bed and saw a ltt5sf .7?*®.''. Hki* * flash approaching " with its crest'and curling top gleaming in the starlight.j In-an instant his boat was lifted «n. high.; .He rapidly fastened on a life-belt, and m a few moments the vessel \\\ as capsized, and lie paddled about the rest of the night, -hi3 life having been saved by his ? promptitude 111' nsing the belt. So it will, be seen by .that.account that no human foresight could have -avierted the calamity. Tnluirope storms have been very disastrous, but they were, comparatively,harmless com pared- -with the-cyclone1 and the desolating ?_>yave_in the_Bay of JBangAi; ;Lisbon was visued by the severest storm remembered on the Tagusfor many years: Of course on tiuit iron-bound . coast -the waves of the Atlantic, .would ,bi eak. their .force, but never theless a great-ifataluy/ took place. . Tho l-iyer . iose;; rapidly, ships began to drift, lighters ;were .!sunk, ? .boats .were: dashed I-against the. quays,, and cries,/whistles, and signals of, distress, were ,heard every where . 011'., the water.".',>The flashing lightning and-the. loud roaring of thunder ..^intensified^.; the,. horrors ;of the -Might. The rains fell in torrents', and houses iu exposed situations .were washed away. : Iu the midst of'ailfthese. jnhnifestations of ihe wrath of 'the elements Vathunderbolt struck the arsenal,, but,; fortunately, beyond the fright, 110 damage was,done. A great many lives were lost on : the: River Tagus, and, after alJ the bodies that-could be collected were placed in ' 'tViefChiirch of St. Paul, the sceno of'the identifaatioii of the bodies by relatives was a pitiful.aud moving one. The following day the .wreckage strewed the land, and many masts were seen.raising their heads above the waters, the hulls to which they belonged being submerged. About tho 17tll November a severe storm also visited the Jinglish coast. A portion of tho pier at Bournemouth was swept away. A brig, the "V ulcan, drove ashore 011 Gorlestone Pier, in \01kshirc. The crew were saved by means of the rocket apparatus, but the same day a large schooner, with all hands, perished at Berwick. The storm raged with great violence along the coast of . Scotland, particularly in tho Frith of Forth. Nearly 300 vessels sought shelter in the roacis of the Frith of Forth, including I Some large steamers. Ou the. north- east coast a Norwegian vessel dashed against tho rocks 011 a wild part not, far from Hartlopool, and nine of the crew found a waterv grave. Inland also there was much dainago done. The traffic was stopped on the Caledonian railway by the floods. A bridge was swept away, tlu-reby bringing all communication by mail with the South of Scotland and England to a standstill at the gao. Tijk Si-JTON W'.U'.n Ei.Kcnox.-The polling for the election of a member for Sutton Ward in the City Council, in place of the late Mayor, took place yesterday, and the result was that Mr. Donovan secured a majority of 8 over his opponent-Mr. Crawford. We understand that a protest is to be lodged by Mr. Crawford, 011 the ground that the eicjtiou was invalid, in con sequence of the polling booth at Golden-square not having been opened till an hour after the time announced. At the conclusion of the elec tion, Mr. Crawford's committee took the opinion of counsel upon the validity of the pro ceedings. The following is a cop}-;-"Upon the case submitted to me by your committee, that at the poll taken to-day for the election of a councillor for Sutton Ward, the Golden-square polling booth did not open until lifteen minutes past ten o'clock iu the morning, and the booth at the Blue Bell Hotel not until half-past nine, 1 have 110 hesitation in giving my opinion that such election is mill and void. The sections of the Local Government Act hearing upon the point are imperative. No. 1'22 (;!S A'ietoria, 500) enacts that the polling <ha!7 romriifac-; «/ >ih'r o'rlw'hiii tin-i:uO)t mil! in ihr j , 1 i ihi;, .' Suction l-.> is as folio'..'.-,: -' Ti 1 .. r.vliu'niug-ciiiieer or his deputy . . . shall preside at each polling place for taking the poll.' Tile presiding otlieer's duties are judicial, and must be performed personally, as laid down in the Act 01 Parliament. The English ue ei.;ionsupou this question are clear and distinct, and hilly bear out my reading of our- statute. You are referred to the cases of Regina v. Back house, 2 Law reports, Queen's Bench, page 1C. Ilex. v. Buller, S Kast, USD. Bex v. Williams. 2 M. and S., 141.--lionniiT Sn:iCK.i.A.\'r>, Barrister-at- law." l'i: 1 i y L.\i::'i:xir.- have been of too frequent oe currenceoflate;articles of variouskindsfromback I premises are constantly being missed, while ! fruit garden! and henroosts are nightly robbed. The annoyance is very groat to those so de prived of their property, an-:. in some instances 1 the loss i.- a matter of some importance to nersons of humble means. We heard yesterday |i;.ouii:ig of several' depredations of the kind jjavihg be-1? perpetrated during Monday night, fiiilomh-t wiiii.ii is the. theft of some fowls 1. 'long- ! im; to Mr, -Jiirrpv's, the printer, living in Smith street, as wi.il as ubo\it ai'.ushe! j.; !»<}..> half of pears (though unripe), the thieves, for eonVLiuejiee of carriage, also taking a tin pail ami largo - jug-bowl. Not far from there also another hen- : roost vas stripped of its feathered tenants, and se-reral residents thereabout were disturbed during the night by the \igilnnce of their watch doiis rousing them from their slumbers by incessant barking, which, doubtless saved their property from these midnight vagabonds. We are informed that several parties are resolved 1.0 i.,:i very determinedly-chan:e favoring :them-by pii.idirg some few large shot in the 'ffesH cf person's so' ofreuu'ii;£, content to "risk 'th'c hazard of'ti:e (kgal) die,".' ' j CONVAi.rsCKVT.-VTe are happy to be able to state .that Mr.' G. Aspinall, . wlio -fois- Iwen in disposed for koine tiiiie, has so far recovered that )Vf> evpect;- to return 'to business in ,1 day or two. Tni: DIAMOND DRILL.-Owing to the splendid achievements obtained by menus of this borer in hrird er.mnd at English and American mines, it is lite intention of a nmnber oE gentlemen to [ r^ssis^t the promoter, Mr. TlmrPnn, T.Cl.S., ;n his endeavors to introduce it in this district. A prospectus 'will lie issued shortly, and all pre liminaries are to lie arranged, so an to lie pre pared, o!t I'.rrical o' next ntnil, to make use ol the particulars thevebv expected. The ncect sity for reducing the _ heavy expenditure of dead work" in our mines has become so ap parent now as to make it highly desirable that the commencement ot work by this drill should not he delayed for one moment. A TRUMPERY CAM:.-A charge of assault, which had been hoard and dismissed on the jith inst., was again brought against Mr. A. Hender son in the Police Court yesterday. The evidence was gone into at length, and the bench again dismissed the case. How" often is thi-3 mattoi to be bronght forward to occupy the time of the court? There was no fresh evidence brought forward, and the whole investigation was a mere waate of time, whilst it was unjust to Mr. Henderson, who almost seems to be the subject of a vexatious persecution. Such a proceedwi; is unprecedented, a ease once dismissed not being capable of being heard again. lloimr.rtv rr:oM A Cri siitnc Af.u'iriKr..-A robbery of a somewhat peculiar character was reported to the police at Long Gully yesterday morning. The oiliee of -Mr. V>. Rae, adjoining his crushing works, was broken open and 200 lbs. of quicksilver .abstracted. A watchman was 011 the premises during the night; at mid night nothing unusual was observed about the oiiiee, but near one o'clock the man noticed that ilie ottice door was open. Upon examining it he found that the lock had been forced, and that from the oliice was missing, besides the quicksilver, three buckets and one copper plate with some amalgam on it. .Footprints were traced from the oliice fur .some distance; they were followed up, but the police have been unable, as yet, to obtain any clue to the missing pro perty. WARDEX'S COURT.-At this court yesterday there was not much business transacted; Mr. Warden Cogdon presided. In the case oi Scott v. Beardon there was no appearance of the plaintiff. Mr. Brown for the defendant. The ease was dismissed. The lease application of A. K1 under was ordered to be forwarded. Tnr. MAMMOTH CIRCUS.-It is announced that Wilson's Mammoth Circus is to be opened oil Thursday at Sandhurst in the Reserve, op posite the Shamrock Hotel. No circus on attch a grand scale has ever appeared in the colonies before. Chiarini's was considered an immense one in every respect, but Wilson's is superior. The tent in which the performances are to be ! carried on has a 190 feet top or 30 feet larger than Chiarini's. The area thus covered gives ample scope for a display of equestrian and athletic exercises, besides atlording room for spectators to witness the entertainment in comfort. There are many striking features in connection with this circus which will not fail to prove attrac tive, and not the least of these is the gorgeous band waggon, compared with which the Lord Mayor of London's grand coach sinks into insignificance. The full strength of the com pany will appear on Sandhurst, and that in cludes some -3 performers, of whom two are most accomplished lady riders. The company of acrobats, globe performers, jugglers, &c.;, perform feats of the most astounding character with a freedom and grace that is perfectly marvellous. There is quite a regiment of horse3 -some fort3' in r.tmber-and many of these are as beautiful animals as can well be conceived. They are a show in themselves, and have been trained to an astonishing pitch of perfection. There cannot hi the slightest doubt but this fine circus will prove a great attraction on Sand hurst. Thk wii.vTHK'. continues to be very warm during the day, but this is in some degree com pensated for by t pleasant breeze in the even ings. Yesterdaj the thermometer registered in the shade at Meajrs. Joseph and Co.'a, I'all Mall, as follows-9 tun., 75"; noon, 93°; 3 p.in., SS"; 15 p.m" 80°; maximum, 99°; minimum, fw". Baro meter-9 a.m., S9.200; C p.m., 29.095. ]}EATU OKAXOl.U BE>-Die OMAN'.- It is with feelings of regre: that we announce the decease of another very old Beiidigonian. We allude to the death of Mr. James 1 Jick, which took place at his residence, Hunnymede, on Monday night. The deceased arrived in Beiuligo in lSol, and at that remote period was connected with the police force of the district, l-'revious to coming to the colony he was in the 72nd Highlanders, and took part in the engagement in the Katiir war. He left.Sandhurst to reside at Ituunyiuedc about three or four months ago, where he ex pired from dropsy, consequent on a severe cold, at tho ripe age of 70 years. THE LICENSING ACT, 1S7C.-We have re ceived from Mr. Souter, the local agent, a copy of the Licensing Act, 1S7G," relating to the law and practice of licensing of publichouses and the sale of fermented and spirituous liquors with in troduction, notes of cases, regulations, and a copious index by James M'lvean. of Melbourne, attorney-at-law. The work will be extremely useful and valuable to the members of the trade whom the act aflects, being a complete hotel keeper's guide; and also to the legal practi tioner. -Mr. George Robertson is the pub lisher. Eaclkhawk POLICE COURT.-The business at this court yesterday was unimportant, only two trilling cases being set down for hearing. In one of these, a cabmen's dispute, there was no appearance; the other, a small debt case, was postponed. The Mayor and Mr. M. Thomas, J.P., sat on the bench. Mr.r.TiNT, Tins DAY.-Victoria Beef Quavtz, H awkins, 11. Bf.n-ihoo VISE and FRUIT GROWERS' ASSOCIA TION.-An important meeting of the members of this association will be held at two o'clock this afternoon at the Metropolitan Hotel. WEEK, of PRAYER.-In connection with the week of prayer, a meeting will be lield'this even ing iu the Wesleyan Church, Forest-street, which is to be addressed by the liev. W. Hunt. There will also be a meeting in the Wesleyan Church, Golden-square, at which the Rev. G. W. Gilling will deliver an address. Tin: .TOIST CAB RWCUI.ATION'S.-The joint cab and carters' regulations were adopted and passed at the meeting of the Kaglehawk llorough Council yesterday, so that the diffi culty which has so long existed between the City and Borough Councils may now be con sidered to have been satisfactorily adjusted. R'lV.u, Pi:INVE-;s Tiikathk.-Tiiere was a vcrv good attendance at this theatre last even iii'.' to witn js'i the repetition of " l.'.sa Eccles,'' asrepresented by Messrs. Baker and Farrou and | their company. The whole piece went very smoothly, and the audience were highly pleased. To-night the company appear in Sandhurst for the last time, and the performance is to be for the benefit of Messrs. Baker -and Farron. A new musical farcical comedy, entitled "The Governor and the Corporal," is to be produced, and it is announced that the songs and dances v.'ill be entirely new. There will doubtless bo a large attendance. Kleotiox GOSSIP.-We (Anjus), understand that Mr. Wrixon has determined not to contest the now electorate of Belfast, and that the hon. L'.'iitlcman will bo a candidate for the repre sentation of Fitzroy in the new Parliament. Mr. John Curtain has also announced that he will jontest the new electorate of Carlton. We observe from the Xorth jldhourne Aihr,?!!.<? that that district will not be left without a candidate in the free-trade intei-e.it. Major Clarke has consented to stand, and goes tor un restricted commerce and the abolition of pay ment of members. Gift TO thi. Hos!'ir.\u-The house-steward acknowledges, with thanks, the receipt of one half-hogshead of ale from Mr. George Klliott, for the use of the patients. Sandhurst C'OURSINI; CLUB.-The annual meeting of the members of this club will be held to-morrow evening, at eight o'clock, at the Royal Hotel. The election of a committee is to take place, and other business will lie transacted. The SANDHURST SPIRITUALISI'.-Mr. \V. ,1. [ Martell, the spiritualistic lecturer, did not meet with uracil success here (says the -lAo/V/'-o/O)/;/;'/ .yo/x/o/'c/j. His free lecture was moderately attended, but beyond a scurrilous attack on re ligion, there was nothing remarkable in it. The audience were assured that on the next even ing striking manifestations would be produced, but this failed to attract an audience, as, at the hour of meeting, only about half a dozen people put in an appearance. Mr. Martell, however, had a private seance with h;s friends, and treated them to a lecture, which he assured them he had received direct from the spirit world, from Charles Dickens. The spirit oi the trreat novelist is evidently on a starring tour to ! these colonies, as he' treated the audience (through the medium) to his opinion of men and i things as they exist iu these colonies, rather I (iver"colo;'ed for a ghost. The lecture, which lasted nearly two hours, consisted of extracts I from his writings, notably the interview between Kbenezer Scrooge and Jacob Marley's ghost, but We failed to see the necessity for the .spirit coming all the way from the spheres to read what we can see for ourselves iu any library. The spirit was very reticent about his present lotah- and its surroundings, which woiud have been much more interesting to terrestrial mor tals than his opinions upon men and things in .?Australia. Mr. Martell assured his audience that he ri-ceived aud wrote the lecture from the spirit, who stood behind a screen while he was so doing an assertion which may be received cum ;/m/,o salix. Vex riLAiisi; MiSes.-As an improved means of ventilating mines Mr. T. W. Roberts, of Brambley, proposes to force either hot or cold air, or steam, as may be found most desirable, through a pipe or flue, or other similar conduit of auv convenient size, diameter, or_ shape, _ in serted and opening into tho ventilating ? shaft of mines, for the purpose of increasing the draught, and improving the ventilation. The position iu the ventilating shaft 'oi the pipe or flue or other conduit way. be varied, according to circum. ?stances,-'?Mining ,/o'irml,- ? ??< 