" THE DREADFUL IRISHMAN." {Nation, 9th December.) Tbe little village of Marpingen, in the now German province of Lorraine, has been the scene of an occurrence which has occasioned considerable excitement in the neighbourhood, atid which bids fair to disturb the sjumhers of even the Man of Iron. The circumstances of the event are briefly these: In the month of July last three of the village children professed to have witnessed an apparition of our Lady. She appeared to tbem, they said, in a little wood close by. They, moreover, declared that the spot where the vision occurred was marked by tbe appearance of a miraculous well. Of the latter part of their story there was little room for doubt. At any rate, it was true to this extent—that in the place indicated a spring of bright pure water was found bubbling forth, where certainly no spring bad been known before. Naturally, the affair became the talk of the village, and gradually got noised abroad. Naturally, too, there were found some who discredited the narrative altogether, while others firmly believed' in the sincerity of the children and in the reality of the vision. At any rate, there was no gainsaying the sudden appearance of the well, for there it was. By-and bye, too, it gave evidence of its miraculous origin by tbe cures wbich were worked through the agency of its waters. Its fame spread rapidly, and it soon became a place of pilgrimage, whence people flocked from the surrounding neighbourhood, and from more distant places, either through devotion or curiosity, or from a sense of need. Such an unlegalised event could not, of course, escape the lynx-eyed myrmidons of Bismarck. And now comes'tbe Irishman on tbe scene, in the person of a Mr. Marlow, by birth a Corkman and by profession a jouralist, and just now foreign correspondent of the New York Herald. Such, at least, was he account given of himself by a plausible and officiously-sympathetic gentleman, who one fine day took up his quarters in Marpingen. Without much difficulty he worked himself into the good graces of the simple villagers, and became intimate even with the priest and the schoolmaster. Information as to tbe incidents of the alleged miracle were freely communicated to him. He became acquainted with the little children who had been favoured with the vision, heard its history in detail from their own childiBh lips, took copious notes of everything, as became an accurate correspondent, and then disappeared—the simple people meanwhile rejoicing in the thought that the story of the graces vouchsafed to their poor little village was edifying their brethren on the great continent of America. A sad disappointment, however, awaited them. Mr. Marlow soon after re-appeared, but this time as his own proper self, Yon Meerscheidt-Hullessem, of the seoret police, Berlin. Under bis directions, visits to the miraculous well were prohibited, and the little wood occupied in a military sense by the gendarmes. Attempts were made to bring tbe well itself under the power of the law. It, however, declined to submit; and when it was stopped up in one plaoe, its libertyloving waters found an opening into the bright sunshine elsewhere. And so it goes on, bubbling up and flowing away, Prince Biemarok to the contrary notwithstanding. Its jitter want of respect for police regulation seems to have displeased the authorities not a little. If they could not dry up the spring, they determined to prevent the people UBing its waters, the ^possession of which they have oonstrned into a legal offence. Hence, under .the guidance of "tbe dreadful Irishman" (as the villagers call Ton Meerseheidt), domiciliary visits have been instituted for the. capture of the miraculous water. The story so far exhibits a piece of tyranny which would be absolutely loathsome were it not so ludiorous. - - Worse, however, remains to he told. The three ohildren (the eldest of whom is not yet nine) are accused aud, without any trial, condemned for the crime of conspiring to deceive, and are marched off aud impounded in a kind of Protestant reformatory at Saarbruken. The poor schoolmaster is disgraced for aiding and abetting the deception, and the Rev. Father SoneBdu is imprisoned for aotively propagating it.. Our readers might well be pardoned if they imagined for a moment that the foregoing mdet be merely the rough outlines of a ChriBtmas - tale. It certainly does sound unreal as an occurrence of this nineteenth century of personal freedom, and in a land which aims at a lofty ideal. We had heard enough, indeed, of the high-handed tyranny of Bismarck, but were hardly prepared for such a specimen of low, mean, pettifogging espionage, and childishly vexations persecution. The whole circumstances of the story bave been investigated on the spot, and laid before the German Parliament by Prince Rsziville, himself a member of the Parliament, and a priest. The subject will soon come on for discussion before tbe whole House, and we shall then see how the " magnanimous, noble, and deep-seeing" Prince Bismarck will defend himself against the proven charges of playing the spy in order to entrap unwary villagers, kiduap children, and outrage individual rights. Is it possible that the "man of blood'and iron" sees in tbe vision of Marpingen a spectre of that supernatural order which he is credited with denying, ahd which he has certainly ignored ? He has done more than any living man to strangle Catholicism and uproot all devotion to the Mother of God. And can it be that in bis highest prosperity the ghost of his victim shall cross his path, and render his remaining days unhappy? The great man's peace to be disturbed by three little children and a spring well! Not if the unscrupulous pofter of an imperious statesman can prevent it. That simple well may, in the end, turn out to be as the little stone of old which was cut out of the rock without hande ; it may match itself against a great empire, and may stobchie it. Meanwhile, Bismarck has to answer for this new proof of his magnanimity to 'the outraged sense of justice of his own country, and, we hope, of the civilised world. 