? jinr lodge R'sjn_FE.__ The nlarm from FemoV outbreaks !? too reoent to require at\y description here, even if I were .capable of writing one; but as a plain widow woman— which I am— I h^»e no pretension to write Jiistpry, 1 only know, that down in,\Yoytnopth,f »s well as every-, whore else, we were always, hi-.ing,st8.rtled. by tome' fresh report of, what tho Fcuian« had done) or wore, goi|]g.,,to; do, generally, the latter; this -yns common ;to all places,: but, we had special interest in them ' at Weymouth, because' niost of tho men, *whcn: convicted, wero sent to ?^3rtland,'1arid we somdtimea caught a eight of' them .ootho platform °f- our^,--stntioD, -whon they Were changed,:. to -the', little branch* line. 'I' suppose almost everybody who rends these' word) knows that Portland Island is only 'two or tnreo milea from Var. town,' and that.theVe. »re hourly two thousand,', cnpyiots1 there.; They have built the breakwater, and mads ? regular . castle on the island, and go have' done a' great deal -of work there.'if they me vet did any before they, came. . Now and then one .escapes, hut he; is .nearly always' ?retaken direotly, ; or gets drowned inrtrying to asKm off to some' boat, i My husband, who was a master ' tasKerman;1 saw 'one drowned.- Although ho wks'a convict, my, h'uaband' tried t'o ' save .him, but ,ho ;went down like a . stone » not .twenty yards from hia - akitf. My husband was very rnuoh upset-by it; f6r, instead of being a forbiddirjg. looking' 'ruffian, like J5ill Sykcs, in Oliver Twist, he was n mild-looking,' fair-haired jqung. fellow, who didn't seem- above one or two and twenty. Howe vor,; my'po'or husband w*s- drowned himself not long' after this; and T have lived ever .since on a very little, ibctrtnehe left mo, and by lotting furnished, apartments in the season. . . r..:n . ,.-? ?? In !tUo winter. Wey mouth is very dull, and I, 'living alone, would almost have been glad to acopmmodatc nny one for nothing,, in order to have company in the house,; so. I was very pleased to havo a uhanoe'.of letting ny first floor rooms to a very, , respectable 'oung man, who wanted them at a reduced rate. 1 had been, with ninny others, to the' station, to see a batch of Fenians change for Portland, but we were obliged to come Imclc unsatisfied, because the railway companies would. not allow any strangers in ; this 'wan the more annoying, as wo .all wanted to see' a Colonel La Troulle, a Fdutaji from , New' Orleans, who: had fought desperately whon taken, and he had been terribly, hurt about the head, and rendered senseless'because. ho would not surrender. As it, happened, wo were not able to sco him, bo we nil went baok uweoune. ? ', ' '' I had been home about ten minutes, and was Warming' my cocoa for my 'supper, when' 1 heard a knook at the street dopr1, and, on' opening it I saw a very good-lookiiig young fellow— - very' slight, very dark, with a blaok mou*stach£, end altogether n foreign air. He ?poke English, however, and: said. :bo had been advised to apply to : mo for olieap apartments ; that he was not vory rich ; he had come to Weymouth believing he should have an appointment iu one of : the Itdtels— he looked as if he would have made a capital waiter— but was disappointed for the pre-' tent. Be wished to remuin in town, to be in readiness, and so bad applied to me. , I. was 'glad he .had done so,', and offered him my rooms cheap ;. ho agreed to :take them, and sent for his boxes from the station' at onco; he had a great' deal of luggage, more than most young men possess. I never had a quieter, gentler lodger in my lifothan he was ; no trouble, no noise, never out of an evening by any chance ; hnd his manner, waa always bo solt and qujet. that, as 1 used to tell him, it was more like hav ing a girl in the bouse than n man. He ?would laugh at this, and say the same'thing had often been remarked before. 'At. first he seemed to make no inquiries after nny situation, or to visit his friends at all ; but nftcr he had been with me about a fortnight he went out nearly, every day, and all day lung. ? I was glad to see that lie did so, for really he mewed himself up in his room so constantly that I began to fear ho would iiijtiro'hja health. What puzzled me not a little was the liuding that ho spent a great part of liia time on the island— not that Portland is really an island, only everybody calls it so. In the winter there cannot be a more dreary placo in the world than Portland ; the storms eeem to rage there oftener nnd neroor tban .they do anywhero ulsc. The roads are bail, the houses are small and mean, and uxcopt for the wild, romantic sea view which Jrts nil urouud you, and the awful Bneo of 1'ortliiiid, v/hich no vessel can croan, there is L'othiug to be seen. My niece paid rno a visit about this time, mid nothing would do but 1 must go with her over the island. I ?lid eo, and, to my surprise, 'I saw; M'f. Lewis — for suoh w»9 my lodgei'a name— leuning against ono of the huge blocks of stone which lie about the quarries, and gazing «6 thoughtfully out to geatliat he never cotioed us, dris'ing by. Then my niece's husband quid to fetch her home, and as he bad never been to Weymouth before, ho, too, must see the island, and 1 must go with him and his wife. ,.So a second titns 1 wont, and a second time, to my great surprise; I saw Mr. Lewie; Today, he was talking to a tall man iu plain clothes, who had just the look of- . warder oat of his uniform. They were in the middle of, tho road, so Mr. Lewis might have been risking hia way; but I was confi dent, from, their eager, hurried manner, that he was pot. Yet, when ho ? recognised me,' he rnised.his cap, nnd the warder— -I din sure he was a warder — pointed along a path, as though he was giving somn direction,- and then! we lost sight of them; but I did not forget the incident. *' ,|, ... '.„..'; Afew nifihts after this I was surprised, on answering a knock nt the door, to find some ono inquiring for Mr. Lewis, for he had never, had n visitor before- The stranger gave the name of Crown, and was at once invited up stairs. After n visit of, about half an hour ha left; and then my lodger, who. had seemed, I fancied, to avoid me of. late, came into my little kitohen, and began in the chatty manner which had made him so pleasant to talk about the . gentle- '* man. who bad just left. .He said* he was connected with one of the chief hotels, arid called to speak about an appointment. Now,' I had lived in Weymouth maid, wife and widow for. thirty, two years, and 1 knew by 'sight every gentlemen connecter! with every hotel there, and this was none of them. And, if my judgment wng worth anything, this man was a warder from Portland, and1 what was more, was the very . warder I had seen Mr. Lewis speaking witn on' the island. I was quite sure of this, and knew therefore ttfat for some purpose my lodger was deceiv ing me ; but 1 reflected that evury family has its secrets, so supposed he had reasons, to mislead me, ' , .;,'??,'.?,.. ? JuBt.now n complete cbhnga took place, in niy lodger's habits, for whereas ho,', had pre viously been the most retiring creature* ? keeping himself so totally within, iloor.i that scarcely a soul in the straet knew': him, he ' now never seemed to be' tired' of hanging about .the front door. ? He, cleaned my win dows twice os often as I had ever cleaned them;; he painted .my shutters ; he painted my flower boxes, and was frequently trim ming. the flowers in jthem;, while he ac tually went two or jthree. times to, the Whito Lion, the. public ihousa at .the corner of our. street, and drank his ale at the! bar,' instead. of allowing the .potman ? to bring, it for him, as hitherto hni been the case: ? ? I '. took the. iiberfy of saying— for I was qiiitiel old.enotigh to be his motiber-pthat I, hope'd thifl last would not grow into a ;ha.bit which might lend to harm, wiaen to my , surprise , helpurst. out crying^: und' he cried so bitterly that I' thought he.^ould' go into hysteriesk . I tried .to -aootho/him, arid took hi* hand, iu mine— rhe had ft^ofb andldelicnte hacd,' too ; bat he rose, an^i mastering himself by a'great ?ffpt£,.'went »Up to his rodm. -,' In the '-nibrn- ing he .ap/jlogised for ld!iturhing me. by, his 'absurd, ways; 'he hitd( bad newfl from'. hoin«, fS-t said. ',, Of r,V-Jpursq,',l' told «im hoV tc. think any ? more of suchjln^triile;;, butin/my' own iniiid., I .wondered, where h'e; got lett-/T» f roni which had so ;upset , him,; ay Iwas vfuite certain the postman had ,not'be'& near/'ho house all day.; /...All this. time I 'aad hefifd do more of the situation lie 'tixpec^ed ; , Wt soon ufter the same otraDgir called ^gain; ? Mr. Brown, I mean. he^caHerV very''' late one night,!'and went straJph't^ap.'ito, Lewis's room, catrie down ''in a '^'i)r»;'jihqrt time, and left without u word, .as hefcje. ,Jia I had admitted him, I, had a;fair vJi^.iirtf! of confirming my op'iiiibn'; ho wa* si \v» ,rder, I , was sure. Ho wasa-trillf-big-boaroVjd, big whiBkered, and m,oustachcd in»n, wu'o stood very square , when : he, spoke: to ytih, as a . goldier.does ; weather-browned, aiv bll ^Port load' warders are, 'ami -with a cerjftin,-fu'icl^ wntchful iookofths eye, whicJ'/chey.ull nc quire very soon; '.''? ; '? v ' ' , ; .' .\ ? The next morning brought , a heavy /aul ;oj . rain,' with gusts ofwi^id frontthe sea.';; ijui'Vi on. taking np Mr.^a'j breakfast, Lnoticed : thalj'lie looked excited, if not wild; -and I) feared that -'e had takon cold. ? il'told'bjml ,9, ivtl^.Biid: ' ??????''??? ?'? '??;'''i.:'T-,:! ; . i 'S-'o. Toe fact u, lIis;;Ge.rran, ,1 miwt cow tell von a little secret^. I atn marTicd, 'aWI'eicpecniny wifeTTfom townto-day.'1 I 'Indeed 1' 1 exaolaimcd, fir I bad never ! dreamed ofiuch a thing. '?' ??'.' r'- - .???;, ' ; -' Ypi,' he went on, ''the it Coming this ; eventaft and I am s little w6rried to think' ; what an nnpleaaint ride the will Ti'ayeJJ,'. ',.?'' (, i .'.'She certainly will, poor thing,' I said,. : 'but I will do my belt to make her com ! fortnblo, Mr. LewiB.' ???? . ,. .? i ' 1 know you will,' he replied.' .** I thank' ] you heartily, Mr«. Gorran. We rely on you ; very much.' ??'?? ?'. 'j- ?''.'.' ! . 1 left him his breakf&tt; and went down ; stairs, considerably astoniabed . by ,' what, I ' had heard. The weather crew worse during i tho day, and by night it waa little short of a 1 tempest.' I often.thought of the poor young woman who was , coming all .the way ? from London on suoh a night ; and what made it worte was that I could not offer to go and : meet her, for. strange to My. Mr. Lewii did not know by what train the woulaV oome, or whether she 'would travel by the Great' Weiterri' or South-wetterh ino. It blew harder and harder ? ' the furious %lasti- .'bf. wind swept through, our little street, and drove the rain . before it, so at »lmoiVto ' blind you if you tried to f aoe it. There trat ' not a gaslight which was not blown out, and I need cot say that the iky was pitch dark.* On such' nightt I always sit and think, of my poor husband, and of m»ny others who earn. ? their living on the dreadful sea ; and I can 'hear nothing, attend to nothing, but the howling of the storm. So it ,was no wonder that the' potman knocked two ot three times when he brought Mr. Lewis's beer before I 1 beard him ; 'and when : 1 opened the door it waa almost , blown out.ot my hand by tho force of the wind.,' -i- ' ? , . ' - ???'??? . ' It's » terrible night, Kohert, ' I skid, for he was ?:* very -civil youug , ban, and had ' been at the White Lion for years; ' 'It is indeod, ma'am,' he said ; '.' there's ' a sea on 'to.night that's a flying over tho Chesil'Banlc like ycaat. . They've been firing j artillery on tho island ;. but i except now and then, in a. lull, you couldn't hear the ?guns.'' . ? .? ! :: ,/ , ? ,i- . ' 'i. ;': , 'Firing!1,1 1 said; 'firing! What is that : for, Hobert ?'-??' , i ?' ' I 'Jlore convicts Is ofT, ma'am,' was, his ', aiiBwor ; 'and I hoar there is some follow of '. consequfirice ' among ? 'cm. ? Poor chap ! he's ; sure tp bo, caught such a . night as this, if he hasn't tumbled over the fnoo of a cliff already.' ?; I bade him good , night, and closed the door, still sadder iu- my mind than 1 had , previously been. It always made me sor rowful when I heard 'of tho poor convicts trying to escape Whatever their faults, may have been, lib'ertyis sweet to all of us', nnd very few of ' them 'ever ' succeed in (?et-j ting away-- hardly' any, although many, a one has lost bin life in trying. I took the beer up tbMrV Lowis's'room,; and tnpping at ? his door, said, as I generally did, ' Hero ia ; your beer, Mr.. Lewis;' and, as usual, tha door was opened, and he took it from mo. Instead of having hits lamp bnrning, as woo his custom, his room was in complete darkness, so i that 1 could hardly see him to, give him the 1 jug,-' and in' the gloom ho seemed to look, stouter and taller than usual. He did not spe»U, whereas, ho generally had a little joke'; but now he. took tho jug inisilence. I'lingered for a; moment, but linding that he did not speak, I was going down stairs when I . trWlight of his wife. ? Mr. Lewis' .bad' almost closed the door,- when J said bow anxious 1 felt about her getting safely in through the storm, when,' to my amazement, he replied, without 'opening the door more than a1 few inches, 'I am much obliged for your kindneBB, Mrs. Gerran, but my,wifc has been in for thin hour past!' 1 never was so astonished inmy life. 1 bad madotwo or three little preparations, -to comiort her, and felt hurt that -I should not have boon informed of . ,her arrival. 'Yes,' he -continued,' ' she came when tho wind was roaring so loudly that you did not hear her knock. I lot her in ; and as she was tired and wet, I thought , the best thing she could do was to lie down' | at once.' Well, perhaps it was; hut. I could not help fancy ingthat, for all that, they might have troated . me with a little more consideration. However, I could say noth ing ; and bo I went to bed, and, as soon as the storm would allow, to sleep. The first thing I heard in the morningi, frqm my milkman, was that only oue of the' convicts had triod to escape, mid that for; the present he was still at largo. It was rumored in the town that it was Colonel La Troulle who had got away, but the govern ment people would not say much about it ; the whole place was astir, he said. All day long I heard the same kind of tidings repeated ; and, ' in fact, I' saw enough ' to convince me that extraordinary exertions were being made to cilptnre the ' run away. ; The White Lion was searched by a party of. officers, and so was a house in the same street as my own, where, a number of young men lodgers -cero taken. I heard, too, that the railways were watched, not only at bur station, but that the trains were examined at pkcos ' twenty , or tliiity miles out, in' case the convict should have got in at some little Btatibn. ' It was sup posed, however, ; that although those pro cautions were' taken, he was still in the island, as, from his wearing the pi-isou' dress,' it would be so difficult for him to escape notioe.'1'' ' -, '' ' , ' ,. '' . ' ' ...;,- I did not see Mr., Lewis all day, , nor his wife, but just at twilight I was startled; by tho latter , coming quietly into my little kitchen and asking me. for the milk. . She! was a pretty looking, young woman,' wearing her hair in short curls ; it wns fair hair, and1 she was fair, ! too, ? quiet and ? shy in' 'her' manner, -speaking in a voice ao low; that I could scarcely hoar her. She explained that . her husband had, 'unfortunately, ' ..taken 'a severe ' cold, ' and would be obliged to keep ' his bed for a day. or so. Of course, Ipfjefcid auy assistanpe in niy.powpr,; she thanlteil r.io and went upstairs.' When sho.had gono I : could do nothing, for the life of me, for.-, many minutes, but sit and think of her; there was an unaccountable feeling, quite a certainty, it seemed,' of having known her before, although when or where I could not say. ,J?o Btrong and strange, was this im pression that it was almost terrible to ine, nnd, as I said, I could think of nothing else for a long time. : However, I shook the feeling off at last, and; went about my work, seeing no more of my lodger or his wife that night.!- ,'? .'.'' '?' -v ?? ? ' . ' - ?'? ???'' !-?? ?',- 1 P.obort, at tbB White Lion, told me, ' when he brought the supper beer, that, nlthou'gh' it was hushed u{p' as much as possible,' yet. it certainly waa the Fenian who had escaped, and that it was. one of the mostdesperateaud ingenious escapes '.ever lieard of. 'Not,, ma'am,' Ihe., said, ''as I believe, in any of, your, ingenious - escapes. I don't . believe ini a man doing with a rusty nail, or two prongs of s. dinner (fork,; or some such thing, m four-'or five boursv what' it would take a couple of smiths all.day to do with' a basket of toils. It's the warders, ma'am; arid, they makfe these' eTc'uBes^that's jwhnt it is, miiAnV.' This^ was the opinjon of Hpbert, at tl&AVhite; Lion, and I must own that I .had (nx similar occnsioDR heard, many people in. Weymouth express themselves to - tbe same 'effeot.': ;,' '. ?-. '...w ??.???'-???? V ,..-.'? ''?''? , -...Once or twice the Jnexfc day I saw 'Mrs. Jjewis, and each -time the impression that X liad' previously niet her grew Stronger.;' I ?fancied; howeyfir, th'at' ,in'y'lonking,,str(iight! iat her,' to try and reWmb^er, where it 'could: laVe bean,' distnrbed'her, a'o'jl' avoided, doing! so ns'much.aB pqsBible|,'biit ifortbe, life of me, I bou|d not 'help doing it sometimes. On the: following morning, l.hnd to; go out for an' hpur.or two; -and when 1. came back I found my. windows cleaned, the mould in the (lower boxes- turned' over and rarioim little things' Uone 'whidh'tdld- me'that'- Lewishad been at1 ?work,1 as; inaefedi'Ifoandwas the ense.;;, J3e had,, unfortunate been taken very , 'unwell before I iamie home,' but previously,, he had, be!en.biasy,as,u'8Unl, in front of the honieV : '.As all (attempts to recapture -the,' ebnviett bad: failwd, and '.so ithere was lio longer, I Buppose. a' hope' of 1 keeping, it quiet, that1 night g/rdat' bills' wete stuck up 'about1 the town;'- ibflering iROO reward for the ^ npp're'-' hensitoi of the Feiaian Colonel— for'if'^vds he,/ after, «H-^and ,: ; one , dfi';V,th'csV,'.,biJla was' stu'ijk up, 'on- an empty, house Juat. op posite to 'my' pwu -]obr. 'I '. naturally f/oii .talking; about-:this with. ;Mrs. Lewis j '^'t' least; I talked and she -listened, 'for Bhe said hardly a word, and nt last, when il' struck ? a' light1 to 'find ? Something she ?wanted; I found she was crying.-'1 1 told her' 'she waa weak and low; that' her long journey, and her husband's ijlneas, hid upset her, ana usk'ed her .'to let me make her some port' wine Be'guB'fhe lastthing^hatnight. ,She thanked, nie,,' but' declined, and,whenshe w.eqtaway: 'tttsi rem«nibrance of her;face, withthe team1 on her. cheeks; seemed ten times mare, fami liar . to . me than' ever. I determined to ask ; Mr. Lewis, when I saw him, if his wife had ever lived/ih Weymouth^ but it seined as though 1 never could see'him again. How-' 'ever, I did see him that evening. - _ ' '. . . j I.had^beon up'.siairs for some' time^ and I_' was: looking, over the ooritents of;an,old' drawer, l!wa3 , very quiet, and .my- lodgers thought I was, out'; but presently I camo dpw=, sn&.met Lewis- ascending, carrying a light.: -I. wosja the dark.' ? ' l i -;-- Good/evening, -Mr.' Lewis,' I said, 'I hope'you nre'better.'' ' ' . ' .lie l^iked ap and said, ' ' Yjk, much bet ter, thank you.' ' fie pasoed on, and left me almost petriBed. It km not the same man, Ther* was the same dark skin, moustkohe, , hair and . whiskers ; the same clothes ; but this m»n- although Bbort, wai taller than my lodger, decidedly stouter, and had alto, gether a harder, sterner expreuion. There, was '?# possible mistake. His voide) 'too, . wal -'wholly 'different ; and I Btaggered,' rttber than wilked, into my kitchen, feel-' Ing %?» though I hnd Beep- a ?» ghost. '- 1' bad not strength to procure a light ; but in a few minutes Mrs. l.^wis— sent down, as I found, by her husband— came in with one.' Seeing me sitting so pale and scared in my chair, she said : '?Arc you ill, Mrs. QorranY My husband fesrs you are.'. As if a lluhof lightning bad suddenly penetrated all the dark places of mind, I saw as she spoke the meaning of all that had been mysterious, and by bet' face 1 saw she knew her secret - waa revealed. . She was my lodger ; she was the Mr. Lewis ? 1 had known. , Altered , and^ changed In every respect as. she was I knew her, now. She looked her bunds together,' and' twisted her lingers with 'a ntrvoiis,: frightened air, nnd looked anxiously at me. ? '. Who— who are yon ?' 1 asked; 'Why ?re yon dreited like this? . Who is, the man?'' ?' ? ;. . . , .,; -.'.. '... / i , : 'O, Mrs. derran !' sho cried, throwing i herself down at my knees, before I. could move to stay her; ' 'forgive my deceiving ? you, and still bo niy friend— bo my .hus band's friend! If you are. not' kind and 'true to us we are lost; We ha ve.no. home but' this— no , friend but you, It' will soon,, I trust, be different; but at this moment my poor husband is a fugitive, ah outlaw, a conviot, and n prico is set upon hia head.' -. ' A price upon his head !',' I echood. : '.' Is he then — ' . ?' ? - ? i. ' YeB,1.' she said, interrupting me, although she was sobbing as if her heart would break — 'yes, my husband is Coloael La Troulle, the Fenian. Wo are Americans, nnd We. are only waiting for the pursuit to cool, whon we shall cross to France, and then - easily 'regain our home— never more; I trust,1 to leave it.' ' ': , ' ' ?'Rise up,' my poor dear 'girl,'1' I said, lifting her on to a'obair ; ' and believe me that ' no money would, tempt . mo , to' betray your lni«b»od ; 'fqr j-otir nnfcu, at any rats, i will be true to you both. 1 hope,, for your sake, too, that he will leave his dreadful .and desperate schemes.' ' 0 Mrs. Gerrauj' she answered, 'do not' think him a blood thirsty. man. Thero never breathed a gentler or kinder being. Do waa sadly deceived in the business which brought him hero,- but pray, come and see him that be may know ho is safe under your: roof.'.'.- ? I. went with her, nnd found this desperate Fenian quite a mild, gentlemanly psrsbn. He was full of gratitude to me ; nnd although his dose-cut hair, now he Rat with out his- wig; and his dark facn made him look stern .enough, , yet his eyes swam with genuine teais over and over ngnin when he spoke of his wifo and her devotion to him. ' \- Of course, every one enn see how it was managed. When be was sent to Portland ' his wife came down dressed as a man, and,' While 'lodging with me, took oare ,'to familiarise, tlio, neighbors with. the fact that 1 had i young roan lodger, i, One of the warders had already been gained over— io 1 Robert nt the White. Lion was, not so fan wrang in his guess — and ho it1 was with whom 1 had seen the supposed Mr.'Lewis I talking, and who came to my house twice., On bis second '.visit became to say that- all was arranged, and that her husband would get aw»y soon after dark' the next night, 'It was;- fortunately for- the scheme,' ft : very stormy one, so La Troulle got past the sta tion, and followed the Ctiesil bank until ho thought it safe to strike the line, and then got. over. .the. railway, bridfie without being, recognised. .He had a large railway rtfg over his 'shoulders, which bid' his , convict dress; and the only really dangerous part of. his journey .was through the streets to reaoh my, house; but the dreadful st;orm cleared' away all passengers, and be entered, our- street, without having met half a dozen people. His wife, watching from Her window and Beeiug him; slipped down nnd opened the street door without my knowing . about it. , Then they removed the stains from her face, hands and neck with washes which sho bad brought with her, and ho wore n wig mailo to resemble her uhort curls. Poor young tiling ! sho showed me such beau tiful locks -which sho had out off to enable her to look like a man ; they must have been ' nearly a yard loop. lam sure. Thoy thought ' no place was as safe as Weymouth, and they wero right, for the officers were hunting all over London, and Ireland and Liver pool, nnd goodness knows where besides. La Troulle showed himself a little, but not too much, and no One ever suspected tho' 'change in my lodgers. In about »' fortnight he get quietly on board a fruit Bloop which was going back to Franco , and both he and ' hia wife wrote' to mo when they got there, ' ? apdalso when they nrrive'd at New Orleans. I don't know . who the warder was ' nor what !he received forbis- servioes-; but I beard, ! shortly after,, from Kobert at tho White Lion, tbjat-one' of tbeih 'had left Port laud to go Hnd' tiikb'~iT' vefy handsome publio house in London ; ao. 1 had my bus jpicious. 1 know that if 1 wanted money, which 1 am happy, to say, thanks .to my poor dear husband, Idojiot, 1 should only have ; to tell Mrs.' La Troulle, or, go to,, the great jboutein Liverpool, of.whioh they gave me ; the' card,' and 1 could bavc'alll, wanted.. She ?would make me'accept her gold -Watch and 'chain, and I have worn it. and shall continue 'to do-, up, in rniempry, of haT.— Chambers' s Journal. i i - . -. ' ?????'/.:?? ??'??-? .' ? ?? 