THE POPE'S LETTER ON THE VATICAN DECREES. We are indebted to the Tablet for our . know ledge of a. somewhat remarkable letter addressed by the Pope to a German Bishop, which appears to have been published " not in a very regular manner," but must be presumed, as " .it has already been reproduced by the French Catholic press," to -bo a genuine document. It refers to the case of certain German priests who have, after considerable delay,, just given in their, ad- s hesion to the Infallibilest dogma of the Vatican Council, but in doing so have certain reserva tions, which his Holiness severely condemns. " They (declare that they had either only made up their minds to submit because they saw those Bishops who had defended the opposite opinion in the Council accept the definition, or else that they admitted indeed the dogma defined, bub without admitting the opportune ness of the definition." Now the first remark that occurs to one is that this is a strange com ment on the favourite Ultramontane boasts of the universal acceptance of the Vatican decrees throughout the Roman communion — with the exception, indeed, which is carefully kept out of Bight, of Bishop Strossmaver, who has not promulgated, and is understood not to intend to promulgate, them in his extensive and important diocese. Here,we find a body of German priests only making their submission at the end of six years, and then accompanying it with such reservations as to throw serious doubts, if not on the sincerity, certainly on the thoroughness, of their aoceptance. It is clear that they did not regard the authority of the Council as final, or they would not have waited to see how the opposition Bishops acted "af ter- wards ; and they now openly avow their un changed conviction that its action was unwise. The Pope, as all that wo know of him would lead us to expect, is very plain-spoken in his comments on these stiff-nocked and backward converts to the Vatican standard of orthodoxy. With regard to their deferring their submission till the opposition Bishops had confirmed to the new dogma, his Holiness observes that the decisions .of General Councils are infallible by the inspiration of the Holy Ghost, and can derive no additional force from the- assent of men ; nor can their acceptance be made depen dent even on "the prais worthy act of this or that Bishop," among those who "opposed the definitions and were condemned by it," in afterwards retracting his opposition. If this had been permissible, he adds, no heresy could have been efficaciously proscribed. And, ACbOUIJTj lCU(lUlUI.(l<UI/0 (VIC ICUilUUCU VUMU vaxv same principle applies to the definitions of Ecumenical Councils and of the Supreme Pontiffs, which are also — as has now been in fallibly ruled — " irreformable of themselves, and not in virtue of the content of live Church." As to the second point, his Holiness informs -his half hearted disciples that it is " still more absurd " for those who accept the definition to call it inopportune. There were various practical reasons to demonstrate its opportuneness, which arc glanced at ; but that is not the main point. " If the definitions of Ecumenical Councils are infallible precisely because they flow from the wisdom and counsel of the Holy Spirit, nothing surely can be more absurd than to think that the Holy Spirit teaches, indeed, things which are true, but may still teach them inoppor tunely." There is Borne force, it must be admitted, in the Pontifical logic on this point. It has always seemed to us rather odd for those who believe the Pope to be infallible to think he was mistaken in asserting his infallibility. In deed the strongest ground by far for questioning the "opportuneness" of the Vatican definition has always appeared to us to be that so momen tous and fundamental a verity, on which all other Christian 'truths depend, ought not to have been withheld from the Christian world till the close of the nineteenth century. How ever, we are not concerned here with the justice of the inopportunist view, but with the fact, which is notorious, that it is maintained by some of the most eminent' among those Roman Catholics who have reluctantly felt themselves Douna so acquiesce in sue results 01 tne v atican Council. And this brings us to notice the singular fact (which the Tablet naturally , omits to mention) that the censure pronounced by his' Holiness on these German priests can only strike— as it was 1 very probably intended to strike — them through the sides of no less a personage than Dr. New man. That the greatest living divine of the Roman Church has loyally submitted to what he believes to be irreversible judgment is true. But it is not the less true that he has alike put on record his deliberate and sorrowful, con viction of its extreme "inopportuneness," and the fact that he lias also deferred his accept ance of the dogma, though not for so long as the German priests, till he saw what course the opposition Bishops would, pursue. Our readers may recollect a letter of his, addressed to Bishop Ullathoriie, which originally got into print without his knowledge or. sanction, but was afterwards published " by permission " in the Standard of April 7, 1S70, and will be found at page 355 of the Letters and Quirinus. It is true that he has since " withdrawn it from cir culation so far as he can, by declaring that.it was never meant for the public eye," but he has not intimated any retraction of the opinions expressed in it. Now in that letter, after sharply criticicizing the line taken by certain .Ultramontane journals, English, French, and Italian, which are named, Dr. Newman proceeds to speak of the proposed definition of Papal infallibility as " sudden thunder in the clearest sky," and something by which "no impending danger is to be averted, but a great difficulty to be created." He adds that, while he has no personal difficulty about the doctrine, it " may be most difficult to maintain logically in the face of historical facts ; " and then follow several paragraphs — which read now almost, like a prophecy — dwelling with pathetic earnestness on the grave practical evils with such definition would entail, winding up with the emphatic statement :— "If it be God's will that the Pope's infallibility be defined, then it is God's will to throw back the times and moments of tbat triumph which He has destined for His King dom, and I shall feel I have but to bow my head to His adorable, inscrutable Providence." A stronger assertion of the inopportueness of the" definition could hardly, be pat into words. It ih " withdrawn f mm nitvnlntinn " in .the niif.lini-'H well-known Letter to the Duke of Norfolk, in reply to Mr. Gladstone's 'Expostulation -, but, so far from giving any hint of a change of view on the point in question, that very letter contains abundant evidence to the contrary. Not only are the strictures on the " violence and cruelty" of ; the Ultramontane press and the kindred '.'feeling too prevalent in many places" reiterated again and again, and in much stronger language", but the author adds emphatically -writing four years and a half after the Council was over— " it was this most keen feeling which made me say, as I did continually, 'I will not believe that the Pope's infallibility will be defined till it is.' " No further evidence need be adduced of -Dr. Newman's agreement with the views of the German clergy, "than which nothing can be more absurd, as to the opportuness of the Vatican definition. Let us turn now to what he says on the other, which is still more vital, point. The definition of a General Council, according to the Pope's missive, is to be received at once, and "does not draw either its force or its character from the assent of men," including that of the oppos ing Bishops. As soon as it is made known, " it requires full and entire consent dependent on no condition.'' Dr. Newman quotes, in the work already referred to," two letters of his own, written after the Vatican dogma had been pro claimed, and discussing whether' it is binding, and he maintains in both that it could not as yet be considered obligatory, because the assent of the minority was still uncertain. In the first he says, " Were it not for certain circumstances, under which the Council made the definition, t should receive it at once. Even as it is, if I am called upon to profess it, I should be unable, considering it came from the Holy Father and the competent local authorities, at once to refuse to do so. On the other hand, it cannot be denied that there are reasons for a Catholic, till better informed, to suspend his judgment on its validity." The grave " circumstances !' which raise this doubt are thus explained : — " We all know that ever since the opening of the Council, there has been a strenuous opposi tion to the definition of the doctrine ; and that, at the time when it was acctually passed, more than eighty Fathers absented themselves from , the Council, and would have nothing to do with its act. But, if the fact be so, that the Fathers were not unanimous, is the definition valid? This depends on the question whether unani mity, at least moral, is or is not necessary for its validity ? As at present advised I think it is ; certainly Pius IV. lays great stress on the unamity of the Fathers in the Council of Trent. f M tllVtno voViilO ' k A antin in kin Dull vuiuuo ii/uua jjciicu uioj uo ouiyo xu Xilo uuu vt Promulgation, ' concilium tantA ominum qui illi interfuerunt concordiA peractum fuit, ut con- \- sensum, plane a Domino effeotum esse constiterit ; idque in nostris atque omnium oculis valde mirabile fuerit.' "Far different has been the case now — though the Council is not yet finished. But, if I must now at once decide what to think of it, I should consider that all turned on what the dissentient Bishops now do." The writer goes on to state the different ways in which the minority Bishops might actually or virtually withdraw their opppsition ; in which ease, or "if the definition is consistently re ceived by the whole body of the faithful," it will have a claim on the assent of Catholics on the great principle " Secitrus judicat orbis terrarum " — that is, on the very principle which the Papal letter denounces as rendering any efficacious proscription of heresy impossible. "This, indeed," adds Dr. Newman, " is a broad" principle by which all acts of the rulers of the. Church are ratified. But for it we might reasonably question some of the past Councils or their acts.'? In his second letter he repeats that " nothing shall make me say that a mere majority in a Council, as opposed to a moral unanimity, in itself creates an obligation to receive its dogmatic decrees. This is a point of history and precedent." Certain con siderations are then adduced which might lead or bind individual Catholics to accept this or. that dogma without its having adequate con- ciliar authority. And the letter closes with the sigmncanv: remara tuas tne question is not whether they (the' Vatican majority) had aright to. impose, or even' were it right in imposing, the dogma on the faithful ; but whether, having done so, I have not 'an obligation to accept it according to the maxim/ Fieri . non debt, factum- valet." Now' we' are not concerned here with the theological question of the authority or in fallibility of the General Councils, or the obliga tion of accepting their decrees. But there can be no doubt whatever, "as a point of history and precedent,' that Dr. Newman is right. He proceeds indeed in this very work to give a startling illustration from the Council of Ephesus of the recognised duty of submission to its de crees being dependent on the subsequent "assent of men " : — . .. "I think the : third Ecumenical will furnish an instance of what I mean. There the question in dis-pute was settled and defind, even before certain constituent portions of . the Episcopal body had made their appearance ; and this, with a protest of 08 of the Bishops then present against 82. When the remaining 43 arrived, these did- more than protest against the defi nition which had been carried ; they actually anathematised the Fathers who carried it,, whose number seems to have stood altogether at 124 against 111 and in this state of disunion the Council ended. ' How then was its definition valid? Bg after events, which I suppose must be consider ed complements, and integral porlioiis of the Councils The heads of the various.. par ties .entered into correspondence with each other, and at the < end of two years their dif ferences with each other were arranged." And then he refers to the heretical Latrocinium of twenty years later, which equally claimed Ecumenical authority, and, whose claims were constantly suspended for lack of this "assert of men." The Arian Council of Rimmi, also claiming to be Ecumenical, is another case in point. We may add that in his latest work, on the Filioque coutroversy, Dr. Pusey brings out clearly, the curious fact — which will be new to most of our readers— that the Second Ecumenical Council, of Constantinople, to which we owe all the later clauses of the so-called Nicene Creed, was not generally received in the Church till seventy-one years after its close. ..The German priests, therefore, had excellent precedent for their delay; the only wonder fchn., thfiv flifl iinfc wvtif. a IiMIa "InncrAr We shalh not stay to reopen the question here, on which we have often touched, as to " the praisworthy act " of the minority Bishops in yielding to superior force, to which the dogma owes whatever " reception by the whole body of the faithful " it may now bo supposed to com mand. But it strikes me as rather strange that German priests, who must have had pretty good opportunities for gauging the moral value of this' act of surrender, should have allowed their own convictions to be influenced by it. One of the sturdiest oppouements of infallibility at the Council was Bishop Grieth, of St. Gallen, in Switzerland, who, "as a learned theologian, declared himself against the definition, on scientific grounds" — i.e. thought it false — "and as a Swiss Bishop, on account of the cir cumstances of his country" — i.e, thought it also inexpedient. But a more illustrious member of the minority, who was himself ultimately reduced to submission by the refusal of his "quinquennial faculties," Bishop Hefele, the historian, had taken the measure of his episcopal brother, when he said " Greith will yield as soon as Ice feels the knife at his throat." We do not know exactly when or how this pleasant process was accomplished ; but it was reported only the other day that Bishop Greith had distinguished himself at the recent Conrad festival at Constance by a violent and gratuitous attack on the Old Catholics from the pulpit. The zeal of renegades is. proverbial, but it. has not usually been considered particularly de serving either of imitation or respect. 