COMMUNICATED. [Correspondents who are good enough to forward newspapers containing theatrical itemB will much oblige by marking those pas sages to which they desire to direct attention, and when cuttings are enclosed, it is desirable they should have attached to them the name of the paper from which they are taken, and the date.] - An opera company, inclnding Signor Car* mim-Moiley, Mr. Albert Bichardson, and Miss Florence Neville, is at present in the North-Eastern district. Miss Neville iade scribed by a local paper as "possessing the genuine spirit of music, and naving a sou! almost too much for her Blender frame." The Fakir of Oolu, with Madame Silvester, Miss Silvester, and the Mobbtb. Silvester, left for Sydney on Friday. Tbey propose visit* ing, besides New South Wales and Queens land, Java, Japan, and China, and will occupy about a twelvemonth in the tour. Mr. F. E. Hiscock acts as business manager to the company. SYDNEY, FEB. 13, At the Victoria Theatre Mr. D&mpier;, as Hamlet, made bis dAbut on Saturday night, to an audience the like of which has been seldom seen in Sydney, hundreds being turned away unable to obtain admission. At 7 o'clock the scene outside tbe Victoria was one of wild confusion, people jostling one another, trying to get in with the crowd. In fact, there was a very great interest taken in Mr. Dampier's first appearance. Tbe dress* circlepresented a most brilliant sight, and Mr. Dampier's entrance was tbe signal for tremen dous cheering, and, without exaggeration, it W 'K fully ten minutes before the piece could proceed. The large, fashionable, and enthu siastic throng were amply repaid for their visit. It is needleBS for me to write of Mr. Dampier's Hamlet It is well remembered and approved of in Melbourne. His imper sonation was one of Tare merit-ripe, intel lectual, and at some points invested with an intensity that our stage seldom exhibits. It secuies at once an interest of its own; it ia picturesque, careful, thoughtful, and highly intelligent. It iB a performance which ia these days cannot possibly be passed over, for it is the work of a scholar and the effort of an artist He was called before tbe cur tain at (he end of each act, and when the play was over, the large assemblage united, in cheering him vociferously. He was well supported by Mrs. Steele as the Qaeen, Mr. BHitlett as the Ghost, and Mr. Fulford as Laertes. To this latter gentleman much praise must be given. He gave a thoroughly natural and consistent, performance, void of tbe slightest exaggeration. Mies Rxley, for her Ophelia, was cotoplimented"by a call before the curtain at the end of the fourth act. Miss Grey, as the player Queen, fct any rate, looked well. Mr. Seagrave as Polonium, ! Sir. W. Ryan as tbe King, Mr. Jordan as | Horatio, and Miu Kemble aa Oaric, gave a i careful and meritoriouB rendering of their respective parte. Tbe piece was well placed npon the Btage, and it reflects considerable credit on the tnanagement, and Mr. B. N. i Jones, as stage manager. "Hamlet," in brief, is a decided success. At tbe Theatre Royal, the Italian Opera Gomp&ny; have bad good houses; they leave to-day for Melbourne, and Miss Lotti Wil mot opens to-night in a new Bensation drama, entitled " May Fair." Mrs. F. M. Bates opens shortly at the Theatre Royal in " Elizabeth." The Queen's is shut A dramatic company goes to Brisbane to-day for three months. George 'Collier, Harry VernoD, E. B. Rassel, George Melville, Simmons, Tilly Andrews, Nelly > "Green lee, and Lizzy Bosh are of it. Saxs Peub. Dgnedin, FEB. 8 We bave just experienced tbe most con tinuous downpour of rain within the memory of "the oldest inhabitant." There is water everywhere, and a good deal more than we want to drink. The effect npon theatrical business has been very damping. Mr. Darrell pioCoced "Twelfth Night"at the Prineess's, with Mrs. Scott-Siddons in the doable part of Viola and Sebastian. Bat the whole thing was a failure, pecuniarily and otherwise. The double was a mistake, and tbe critics are now beginning to discover that the little lady is not tbe greatest actress of the age, as, at first, their guBhing natures disposed them to insist. The real success of the Soott Siddons season was " Tbe Hunchback," bat it was Mrs. Darrell's Helen which made it so. The Jalia was only an explo sive ecboolpirl. " Hamlet" is to follow "Twelfth Night," with Mr. Darrell as the Prince, Mrs. Darrell aa the Qaeen, and, of course, Mrs. Scott-Siddons as Ophelia. To this follows " Othello," " King John" (in three acts), and " The Honeymoon. On the 19th Mr. Darrell will produce an original comedy of his own, entitled " The Four . Fetes." After that come the Lingards, then the Davenports, then (possibly) Signor Sfajeroni. TALDE. Mrs. Gladstane is, at present, in Tasmania. She commenced the season on Monday, the 5tb inst, at the Theatre Royal, Launceston, in " Mary Stuart," followed on the next night by "Lucrezia Borgia." The company in cludes, amoDg others, Mibk Kate Douglas, Mr. W. J. Holloway, Mr. E. B. Boothman, \- Mies Crawford, Miss Danvere, Mr. J. EL . Martin, Mr. Mansergb, and Mr. W. South. The latter gentleman will be remembered as the bus band of Mi'bb Fanny Wiseman, who, some years ago, was a considerable favourite in Melbourne. Mr. South is well spoken of by the local preBs. Mr. T. J. Lamble baa registered and pub lished a Music-Exercise Book, which seems to meet some of the difficulties of teaching. Xt consists of pages alternately blank and ruled for music; on the music page exercises are written, and these the pupil has to explain on the blank side. Correspondingly, ques tions may be written on the blank side, and \- answered suitably on the music side. I am \- - informed that Mr. Walter Maynard, of Lon. don, has adopted a similar plan of teaching. It is ingenious, and should be practically useful, Mr. Julias Herz, whose successful produc tion of Sir Michael Costa's oratorio of "Eli" formed a noteworthy circumstance in the musical history of last year in Melbourne, has received a letter from the composer complimenting him upon the ability with which this great work was conducted by him. 