RUSSIA IN THE PACIFIC. (From the Times.) On Friday, May 26, there was a large audience at the Royal United Service Institution, where a paper was read by Captain J. C. R. Colomb, R.M.A., on the subject of " Russian Development and our naval and military position in the North Pacific." Captain Colomb described the Russians as advancing towards the North Pacific when Henry VIII. of England was invading France, while Albuquerque was extending Portuguese power on Indian seas, and Spain was pushing her power with military forces beyond the waters of the Western Atlantic. At that time, 1913, the Russians were at the Ural Mountains, and later, in 1887, when the Spaniards were preparing to invade England, the Russians were still advancing eastward, and when the great Armada was vanquished were laying the foundations of Tobolsk. In 1632 they founded Yakutsk, and four years later heard vague reports of the Great Amoor-a region marked on the map as Amur-with its river falling into the Gulf of Tartary. In 1638 they established their first establishment, Okhotsk, on the shores of the Pacific. The story of the contests of the Russians with the Celestial Empire was next narrated. In 1853-a small Russian squadron two frigates and the small steamer Arostok, built in' England put to sea from Spithead for the Amoor. The commander was destined, by a judicious combination of naval power and military force, with a fixed and fortified base of operations, to protect his own territory and his own fleet against a naval combina- tion of France and England. He was also on his way to accomplish that which for two centuries had been the desire of all the Russians viz., to bring the Russian seaboard down to a temperate climate, and to open up water communication with the ulterior. That same year, 1853, a trading port was established at Castries Bay, and as coal had been discovered at Duty on Sakhalin, just opposite, a force was stationed there for its protection. This year closed with the eyes of Europe fixed on the Danube, and with a-Russian man-of-war for the first time wintering in the waters of the much-coveted Amoor. The war broke out, and the combined fleets of England and France crossed the globe to find at Petropaulovski all preparations made to meet the enemy, and the result was disaster to the allies, who returned across the sea, but only to find the place evacuated, though trading stations above had been converted into strong military positions. The lecturer then went on to recount the efforts the Russians had made successfully to secure southern ports, and he described how they had moved from the inhospitable mouth of the Amoor in a southerly direction, occupying the whole of the sea- board. Of the capabilities of the country and its mineral possessions, he gave a full account, saying that it possessed timber, iron, and coal, and he drew attention to the advance in military and naval power of both the Chinese and Japanese, and he then called attention to " those interests -which in war we must defend in the North Pacific." Be it remembered, he said, that the powder which call rule the North may rule the South Pacific, and he remarked that last year the value of exports and imports of Australia and New Zealand was just double that of the whole United Kingdom during the year Trafalgar was fought. Our interests in China, Japan, and British Columbia were enormous. Their protection, therefore, was a matter demanding very careful consideration in view of these facts 34, a great military Power has, after centuries of persistent efforts, established itself in the north-west ; 2, the coast line the interior, and the communication with the interior are all capable of developing great maritime strength ; 3, the naval and military develtroment are out of proportion to the commercial and industrial progress of that region ; 4, both China and Japan are no longer elements which can be entirely ignored ; 5, there is an immense Power lying to the east, flanking our' Imperial lines of communication ; C, it is the only quarter of the globe in which our naval operations have been complete failures. In the second part of the lecture he dealt with the communication of England with our possessions in this region by telegraph, and remarked upon the fact that part of these communications were through other territories. He then dwelt upon the necessity of our having military bases for our naval power in those regions, and pointed to the present condition, as regards the want of military preparations, of Vancouver's Island, Hongkong, and other places. There were signs of a national belief that we must be prepared for a great naval war, and he asked his hearers to turn to the purely military aspects of such a contingency. We cannot carry on a naval war without all our naval bases and coal depots being strongly garrisoned by purely military forces, but our mobilization scheme does not mention even a Benzie naval base, does not provide for the security of a single coal depot. If we were plunged in a naval war to-morrow, and there were not sufficient garrisons forthcoming at once, the action of our fleets would be paralysed by having to protect their own bases from possible capture. In the discussion there was a general agreement as to the importance of the subject, the speakers, including Mr. Kerry Nichols, Captain Alan, Mr. Ravenstein (the author of " Russians on the Amoor "), Colonel Crossman, Mr. Strangeways. Captain Gurney, the Hon. A. Kinnaird, Mr. S. Russell, and Captain Ridge, R.N. Some of the speakers were of opinion that the Russians would not content themselves with their present possessions in these waters. Ultimately the discussion was adjourned. Tun EKOHSII CEMETERY AT SouTAni, - George Augustus Sala, writing to The Illustrated London News, says : " The bodies of some 8000 Englishmen moulder peacefully in this (Scutari) graveyard. I fancy that the remembrance of their deaths might moderate the frenzy of the politicians who seem bent on hounding England on to a fresh war with Russia. Surely those politicians must be mainly young men, or they must have very short memories. I remember the episodes of the Crimean war as though they had happened yesterday, for then, as now, I was earning my daily bread by literature and journalism, and the war brought me every day fresh materials for my pen. I was within an ace in 1850 of going to Sebastopol, but I went to Russia instead. Can you not recall, you who are middle-aged, and whose memories are good, those two miserable years between the fight at the Alma and the fall of the Malakoff! Do you remember the Ghost's Derby day in 1855 ? Do you remember when, on the cliff at Brighton and the Marine at St Leonards, you could scarcely walk ten paces without meeting groups of ladies and children clad in deepest, mourning for their fathers, husbands, brothers, sweethearts, slain in that wretched Cher- series, or who had sickened and died in the cheerless wards of the Scutari Hospital ? Are we to have those years of private agony and bereavement, of public blundering and mismanagement, over again I suppose so; glory is a very fine thing. I am only a penny, a civilian, and I know nothing about glory ; but I confess that my blood grows cold, and that my heart sickens when I hear politicians pertly prating about the ' arbitrament of the sword," and war clearing the atmosphere, and so forth I never met Glory yet, and I don't know what he on she is like ; but I have met Azar face to face half-a-dozen times in as many countries. I have looked into the whites, or rather the crimson of his - eyes, and I have gazed upon the Sisters who follow him wheresoever he goes. They are three sisters, and their names are Raine,' and Disease,', and Death. This is, of course, a miserably craven land spiritless way of looking at war. I cannot help it. I have seen only AVar'B madness and wickedness, its foulness and squalor. To me it has represented nothing but robbery and profligacy, but famine and slaughter and I can but think that if the warlike politicians were to witness just half-an-hour of actual) warfare as I have witnessed it in America, in Italy, and . Mexico, in France, in Spain, their martial ardour, would cool down a little, and they would not he quite so prompt to blow the bellicose trumpet." 