NEWS AND NOTES. This day’s events are as follow :—City Council meeting; Eastern Fire brigade, meeting Mr. Trebil- cock at Laikins' hotel, Soldiers hill, 8 p.m.; Mr. S. J. Bentley at Musk Greet hotel at 5, at Hansen’s hotel. •Bolwarra, .at 6.30, ..and,, at HanTnebej-ry’s hotel at Sl'p.m.ji Mr/i J.ilU Wilson; at City>6£yprk 'Keitel Tat,' ■ 7;30 a.m.,i ,and at Park hotel at £3O, p.m,f Mr ■G. Smith at. Oddfellows-hall, Macarthur; ,7 ; ;. land kf’-thetMillera’Arms’hotel atVfi.3o- plm.;. no.oh ‘day prayer meeting, Dana streehLeoture-hall. .'.VfTKe following' I telegram - ' appeared ; in'i Saturday’s 'Ay;, dated London,. 2nd August; 1.30. p.m.:r-‘* After ■a- 1 severe battle, lasting many hours, the Russians ;! halve : bsen defeated at Eski- Saghra/andare retreating north..''The'Turks re-bcoupy Eski-Saghfd.” j '• The hon. the Minister of Mines and Public In struction was occupied* fori-some hours'on Saturday 'morning in hearing deputations, *. A rreport will be found- elsewherel-, j w -i' ' A person named Sband, liyfpg~ih .\Vjllastreet,, ex ,'pired suddenly on Friday night ‘.while sit ting by’his ,‘o.wn TThe; Chinese dootpr had been attendingr the deceased during.a .previous illness, ;r On Friday it •was determined to call in Dr'Usher, ;who, however, .did not seethesiPk man' till-'afew tninutes after his : death, and the doctor then gave it as his opinion that the cause was.heart ’disease. - . T;'.’ At the'School of Design, Mechanics’ Institute;,on Saturday.-morning,: Master Ross, ;on. behalf /of.. ithu ’pupils attending Mr Oldham’s class, presented that .gentleman with several handsomelylbound .volumes, including' ".Wilson’s.'Tales dfi the Borders,”,’3 Sblal,i and!“ltalian.Pen and Pencil- Sketches,” profusely illustrated by'some of'the best-artists of the day/iiMr .Oldham, in returning thanks for their kind appreci ation of ins'services; expressed the hope that their future connection as teacher and pupils, would con tinue to'he tq his satisfaction .and tb ,their advantage. ' 'The.election of an’ ’auditor -for- the Ballarat Bank-' Zing, ; in .the .'place, of Mr. G., Perry,; resulted as r follows; D. Cameron, ,1975- votes; J... A,:_Chaffi',Tis9, TMr Cameron has therefore been declared elected;- ; The-day of drawing for the Sandhurst Art Union is definitely fixed for 31st August, and no tickets will be so’d after 25th August;/ Protn the dargof number Sot tickets alreadysoldj it ia expected that they will be at a very high' premium before the day of drawing/ At 'Melbourne and Sandhurst during the past week* there has been a great demand for tickets; and at one time : there was none to be had in Melbourne.. Fancy num “berg are already at a premium, 80s each being refused , for |Nos. ;5’ 4nd 9. .Th'e; spiritualists’, selections for, ■first prize are number, 3653 Sandhurst, and 9898 -Melbourne.- .- "T / ;T-,.At the meeting of. the Borough Council of Talbot, ■ held on’ Saturday, for* the election of mayor, there. \- were" two ' candidates; Councillors Bartlemore■- and , Dowling. A dispute arose as to the power of the chairman ,to. .give a casting vote; there’.being hnly .eight members present and votes equal./. ' A motion to' ■adjourn ..till Wednesday,, and an .amendment to pro ceed with'eiection, were’ disposed- .of by four cohncil lors leaving-the'■chamber. Thera*being thus'no. quorum.'the proceedings closed. . Councillor .Bartle more intimated that he would resign- hia councillor • ship, and another councillor did the same. ■ It is likely that the same course. ’ ■■ The committee of the. Talbot, &0.,‘ Agricultaral Society decided on Saturday afternoon to offer j>rizes to £5OO at the Agricultural Show,-.tohe held 30th October. The SUryeyora .were. busy on Friday setting but the line through the, Domain and Botanical Gardens in-' dicated by Mr Woods on Wednesday,,ist.instant,. The district engineer,;Mr. .Watson,-has received no,in ■ structions- to’ make an inspection of thenorth bank of the river, with the view of carrying the route'there.-’ The Ministry expect' that the line now being surveyed will keep the line entirely out; of sight of-Government-■ house, and will interfere 'so little with, the gardens that no ground .will be left-for any reasonable, com plaint. ”,' - . i Saturday’s Telegraph says;—“Mr Longmore cannot.’ be accused of not having taken timk enough to'fully' mature his regulations for sanctioning: the mortgaging of leases to the banks. ■ It was only this week that he sent a copy of them to Sir-George Verdon for.the.con-. sideration of the representatives, of.those institutions. ■ The conditions'provided that the advance should not .exceed £1 an acre on areas over 200 acres, and that a statement should be : signed both by the mortgagor and mortgagee,, showing what interest was to be paid and all charges connected with the mortgage: Holders of less than 200 acres were, tor,-some inscrutable reason, to be allowed to-borrow more than £1 an acre'lon. their selections. /Sir George'.Yerdpn’sub' mitted Mr Longmore’s - memo, to a meeting . of bank’ managers on Thursday afternoon. ' On : Friday after noon the resolution- arrived’at was sent to Mr Long more. Until the Minister hands the reply to the Press, .the text of the resolution cannot be. given, but we may :say.;conftdently. that, while thanking the. Minister for his courtesy in consulting them,-the managers decline to acquiesce in the arrangements, or even to express an opinion on the coarse the Minister is taking.” .. _ .. A' case of drowning-has occurred at. the Long Swamp, near Rodborough, a-favorite spot with sports men (says the Maryborough Standard). The deceased, a young mao .named, -Henry Charles. Davis,, who resided with his father at Majorca, deft home on Mon day, 29th July, on a shooting excursion;: As he did not return,* being an exceedingly steady,young -man, and never absent frolh home at: night, his parents were uneasy, and caused a search-to be made for him. This■ resulted in the ’ body' being discovered in the swamp, where he had gone after ducks. He had got into a deep hole,.and wM;drQwnpd. - 1 - A Chinese ragpicker named Ah Haong was found .dead in his bed at the Chinese'Camp on Sunday by .Sergeant M’Parland and /Constable. Thompson. The \- unfortunate old man bad been ailing for some time, and. Thompaod' had procured, for j him tickets for , out door relief both from the .Hospital and the Benevo--' lent Asylum. He was‘seen alive ou -Sunday, morning by one of hia'countrymen,’; who gave him some, tea. As ‘Ah' Naong has evidently died; from ._a> general breaking up of.the syateq},-;it is- not probabie w inqueat wiii.be held. . r , Ono-’Aok-Wah ’ was;, last; week entrusted with the charge of the Joss-house and of the spiritual interests •of the Chinese resident at the camp. ' His predecessor in the= sacred office, : haa-departed for.- a ' fortune (a Chinese fortuneTsk very modest i; afi’iii-),“to' spend the remainder,.oL hia.,Jife .with ? his ,kindred/ Ack r Wah’s ..reputktiph for ‘sahotity 1 ‘stands .high,, and, by all'accouhta, those who, elected him td 'the office’ot : priest have oljoaen wisely. - • V;,' ■'. The election of a meujhar. of tfja City Board of Advice; in the,‘place’ of ’ Mr- Macgowan •(re®igned),' took. place on Saturday,' the candidates' being ' Messrs J. Mills;' Higgles, Lupiau, J/' ! Miller,; and J. : Ai' W; Miller, .. .Therew Vwasa -.fpohjng-booth’ in „ each. Wa^d'/^'at‘' i ‘lhg,; - sfaUpe.- I cbuft l Tfqr‘/ j ,tha'h6ntral,' : Low.theriaj ;sohpql,:!fof; thfl '7i»outfco’: andn.iffcx’a school for the‘north.' Very little interest sesffisd ta be taken ia the elect ar, m ooljr js93 votes were polled, of which Mr didate, received 82. The folio%ißg waa the reauifc of the polling:—Mills—Central, 32; nbrth/sl; south; 9- tpuL92. Digglea—Central, 25; north, 30;eouth, 22- -total,W7. Luplau—Central, 39; north, lOrabath 8* total,Sfi7. J. 2l; i north, ,1'8: south’ 6; total, 45. • JP. A. - south,'_6; total,"l2. \ j ' t; j : . . ’ ’ 'at all events! In..a rightotway between Ascot and Talbot streets, and to the“aouth of Sturt street, the following notice, printed in good bold Jype,. -Was, Jisplayed^on^a,..wall, during .Sunday— “ Cauti6ri.-^Th?ey,ea,,a,re- stealing _ firewood’ in this neighborhood' -to ; keep watch oyer tbsjr premiaea'at police HavV been communicated with?’ r From casuaf?snquineT made |in_the we caution is much needed. ? . ‘ "77,' - . The examinations at CrenTiiloatato sohoplNo. 176 have lately been the'average re sults have proved *o'"fib '' whale' of the Bdjarat diatrict, wiz., 98,1Q5. , r The in spector has, we report upon this school, and thia result of-the examina tion certainly refieqta, : great'?br&ffit; ; .upon , the ,head mastej-, Mr W- J. V'-'i:'" 1 PWei take the dated! that day,-.from,-Saturday's' ‘/..11rs Adamson of the have had a narrow .escapd of'being'killed. , They-were in a buggy an | $^^jilo^^^ted;?'^tl»'gtiDg , at;h' , fearful spegdu fqr.iaur;; miies,;. the-vehiole ; was’run': against ■ and' instantly capsized, but the.’ itairaouldusly' escaped ’ alight’ihjuhea?’ "' ’ Vf j : „ T 'Notification was,received from the .depirtmeiitiMt'. week tbgt-.the allpwahpa to capitation' school No. SO9! at Pahneris Gully/would -pease' oh i the filst October" nest, I with the -.Roman' ; „ V *Mr| George Smith's' ; c6mffiittee v meh on Sathrday night'at the central-rooms,' when several persons who had formerly opposed; the; candidate sent in "promises, ofisupport; and. volunteered;t6{tvork ‘in' any way in which they-QQuid he-of; service.; The secretary “re-, parted that arrangemehts had been made for holding, meetings atf'th'e and the Miller’s Awns, ;Hp.wa^.street, on. Monday (this) I evening. Satisfactory reports were brought in by tha?',tahyMBere ; ;who"'stated- .that Mr SmithVae count of liis stewardship hacl produced a favorable impression throughout the’.ward:- ?; ,VJi’’V.-«5 -.— \---Mr, J. Noble Wilson’s oo'mmiUe’e imeton Saturday evening, ,oentral,.oommittee rooms, North Star hotelj and received- favorable.reports from,those’ pre sent as;tp;the progress'-of -the canvass. Tha commit-: tee the-,branch committee at GUl’s take yiew hotel at. 8 . o’clock.' ?; ■ •' v? Mr J.'Nohra held-two meetiiigs on -Saturday night, ?thefirst ati Cummins’ Idlers’ Arms, -and the other at Rogers’- Cornish Arms hotel.' ‘ At the Millers’'' .Arms the room was crowded. Mr- Thomas Nichol occupied the chair.; spoke f for; half an*. .hour, 1 and.took occasion .to state that the figures he 'the.last pablisheibalanoe-? 'sheet issuedby the oounofl,- and which any ratepayer ; could obtain'/oh application, at the council chambers, and' | examine; i-foti-himaelf.*; ,'ln-answer-to-a*. qnea-. ; tion, !Mr ! Wilabh- asid -he waa ! not in‘favor of paying £3OO a year to the mayor, but~Ke would approve'of allowing expenses for'ieeeiving' 1 difeMhguiahed visitors in a limited way.' The* vote of confidence was accorded unanimously.; At the'.Cornisbi Arms.hotel Mr; George Loritt.’'occupied'-the* chain 1 There -were over forty; persona present. Mr Wilson; spoke for half an hour,- and at the end answered several questions satisfac-; torily. A vote of confidence : was . moved-, by; ;iMr. ,Niools,rand; ; seoondediby.,Mr'Crow.'‘ An amendment' was moved by Mr Fraser, seconded.’by Mr Taylor.; The motion was carried, with five dissentients. ’' 7 Sunday war telegrams are to : ba' transmitted at usual Press ratea.to qountry.jburnals. V- ?? The electric telegraph has been extended to'Hey wpod, a post-office has'heed; opened at Gong Gong, and those at Clifford and Stpnyford have been.cloaed.: The Rev. William Clark'; preached'at thh.Baptist! 'Church, Dawson street, on (Sunday evening, on‘‘ln. : ■cidents and lessons from-'the - recent evangelistic' services.” His text was Luke' i., 08 verse, - “ Blessed ha,the -Lord -God of- Israel,” &c.; The: preacher Pre ferred to the crowds who; thronged to attend;; Dr: Somerville's services as , a. proof that' the Holy Ghost: had stirred up the dying 7 embers .of religious feeling. To the question often already put to.him, “ Has there been any good done 1" he could - reply in the affirma tive from-what ’ ;he ! 'had ; 'Been, : -heard- from' other (ministers; arid\sincer-;-^learned.. The. liberality of-the; people who Had heard Dr'Sbmerville was a proof of it. Even -;the rpollectiqna ,here heen;. insufficient, >to . "defray the the.mission,; Christian workers .at home were ready-to provide'.'tno fundai'required. This, however, had not been necessary,"people had been so ready to assist. The lessons .. they learned: from the mission were .the power of prayer,, the power . of soul as shown .in .the. influence .of , Dr Somerville’s eloquence, and lastly, the power of the Gospel. Just when its enemies began to exult over-an expected de cline of religion, a man was sent to revive and renew it, by preaching Christ crucified,. Dr Somerville had said that the hearts of his’ hearers were like fields pre pared and sown by their; ministers, so that he' came and reaped'the harvest. 'Those who had profited ; by" the services should not. relax: their, efforts to do rieht,; because-after a copions-'downpqur of rain drought often followed. They should .remember their own services and their'own ministor, and help on the good work among their own friends. ...Mr Clark continued by comparing the interest of the Lord in souls hover, ing between, good and evil to that of :the Queen'in the fata of. the Imprisoned Welsh mfners. .. The ser-!. mon -throughout.was studded with trite remarks and apposite .anecdotes, and'was listened to with marked' attention By the large 'congregation present. Holy communion was celebrated, after the., sermon, and the collections amountßd.to£lo;iBs;3ii;L- ■ - .. The Rev. H; C. E. Morris preached in All Saints'. Church, Drummond . street,, • on ; Sunday . night,7 oh “ Public Opinion,” taking for his 'text L Corinthians,; iv., 3. The’preacher pointed ,'oiit that the apostle was ‘.. suffering under ' a' sharp' unfriendly criti cism, but he had put; aside, public .opinion under the circumstances, and so must'all. Public opinion' had been defined by Plato as. the mean between knowledge and ignorance, aqd being exercised on the principles of-half ignorance,. there should be allowed: room for great- differences; yet it' 'was the opinion; of the world rather. than its- knowledge which -had .produced the most--violent; results. Public opinion, the preacher said, was the half unconscious- consent ' to a- certain set of ■ opiniohs'which grow 1 up ■ among men,. commencing and gradually growing great., The several 1 "kinds of public qpiniqn were referred to,' and' the, minister said, that to-day all had their .duty, to do in respect of that opinion, either in modelling, , modifying, or resisting it. Public opinion was’-not infallible, aniso St. Paul had let if buzz on, bat not with a boasted indifference or conceited-.ecoentriqity.;,, Thera was such a thing as a healthy regard for public opinion, the preacher said, • who, after* thus continuing to dilate on his'subjeqt,' referred to the changes that were always taking place in public opinion. . For. ihstanba, ha; said' men in. formei-'daya-.spent millions of money rin building cathedrals and abbeys to the glory of God, and at the same time left their poor, their sick,.and aged, and maimed to the' oharity -of the; streets; .bat-.now Christians built palaces for their poor and sick,‘and anything which would hold n certain number of people was good enough to. worship God-in. Referring to means of altering the course of'public opinion, the’ minister took the .question of funeral reform, and said that .perhaps there .was much .'that -was'wrong ..in the customs in respect of funerals; at. the present day," that''.'.there . was. both extravagance ' and' even' debauchery 7mixed ;up with .the bqfial of the dead, but how.could public; opinion be so influenced 'as to altar this its expression ? It ,was not by draw ing up rules allotting so muflh/’expanse to rich and poor, and appointiug such and such signs. of mourning to be worn, but it must be by the force of example, The public must be led to a higher standard*of - Christian life, and then public opiuion itself would do away with ita previous expression as a thing too bar- * barons to.entertain.- . Average-.public,.opinion ..was. below that- of ' the highest 'individual* and above.-that. •qf the,lowest, so that; qh the one hand.it checked*the lowestrand\ persecuted . the .highest,: .The true .stan dard'of right" was to ha • fqund. in the , qf Ohriat's life; h? doing' uatbiug h“t pneiEr'siroplß ddty, in the hope that by obedient Uveg. all might ripe to n , hlghsg- life.? Mon. so.metimes.Vassnmed .the' reajpqnsij bility of setting themselves against public opinion, ■ .but, let them .see that it was -not ’ done' after the ■manner of 1 the"Pharisee,' but' like Sh Psul,; who, by. being all things to all men; sought to win some.'?, i. According'to one of bur exchanges, the Levy com pany -at* Albury were "either : *m'ore-'Burdened with enqores~qr legs jefien 'with*"Oomplaisanoc*thaa'whßn* here, for it is said. .eqcores,;were , brusquely refused, both by Mr.fjevy 'for himself and by Mr Harcourt Lee on behalf,o£ ( Authorised surveyors ‘ are notified by Friday’s ' Oa&Ue;^ that-jn effecting surveys for appli ?pants- to seleot land, under: the .provialona of the, Land -Act;JB69; .thdyijshalli speoially mote .the- position of any pegs* or shrvey, mffks?'beBWtlg i: the ‘Brand'.bfthe-’ IOimto?, ratnSu u ‘ Company,, 1 '. and: not' inolude auoh pegs or marks? wUhih! the-boundaries of ; any'plqt'of land - applied''for, orrapproaoh-the same , Within’h'distahce of six and a half chains.' fi’ . It is notified., that th«Lwool-rates for the season 1877-8 ,a,re nowbeiug , issued;'a'nd may ba h'ad at the yaiqqus.-railway stations. ? . .j?;?; * - The ~quarleyl^; "thq ; Lifeboat "Lbdgp, ' 1.0.G.T.,' wks ' helff-‘ J qh'?^s^ay ! ?evahihg’ ! lMt’ in' the' iocietisa'ihall.'J Jt-wa3xesclveiJ7to?celebrata.the apnl-jj V9-eary of the lodge by a wire? and conceit early in 1 September, and to invite Mr p , Poole, Gr.W c T faai- Mr Bl,rn ett and tt>= Carlyle, of the kmnir l ' i rat | a3fc P.C.T.; J. T Wdker, S.; A. Bonne t p q ! A Sha “M'T L'ttle. C.; C. Gray, ll! ? SrS benks V. 7 bST S’ r a 0 A^ B -tholo m t?OG' D Sr^- K.H.S., Sr Qawne, L.H.S.; Sr Law AS rlisdm 4 Discussion has ariaen am™ ’ .grocers.as.totha mode of ° f the BilW to T the public chalks hte 1 1 the a “PPS expressed as to • tHa v 7mn* -cj 3 doubts havino y bulk waa not oftEeTaffe'qualitv a V* au PPHed®a remedy this, it has been Baa >ple. % • committees inaiat on tbat l !ie chinfe " in that way bulk and aamnln B “’“Plea tamly.of one,kind and quality The “ ayba m “re C!r ! to ua to be worth the attention theT 1 ’" 8 Ee2tt a probable that ftA °? ant y Mm. snggeatmn have soma good groundsfor ma&‘ he an «n only * for the lilnfaritk^Xm^kent; 606 ? 6 Eubsa! Ptiom propoaed to.be established in MelCr/^"^ 18 -^ 0 . Thappy to do eo. ' ’ M bourne . and shall be «-*■' .^ i -oT?ia*i&B;^|!^ Bch^?le .-SKA Togue in tha b«a in among the children are waitedaW aMubord >^tion ■ and in ope ‘ instance at least a new Knd I? iment :haa been introduced, that 0 f ml- f pnni3h girla kneel on the deaka. ~. °£ making unruly • ;i A lad named John Cummins was day “igbt.By Conatabla Paraons.ohargTdwUh^ He _wUl he dealt with a t the Town Court tSiJgj . {Several persona, EiiropesD an prosecuted at the Town Court on Thwadav fo U f* -grag selling. . •‘■uureaay for sly. Q was arrested by Constable , r dapS Willb ' 8 dealt ™ th the'cityCouft During tbe same period in 1876 the numbera were . Stillborn 1; infants.' 2; under ten years of U geth f’ tl ; 8 -- The “»b» te the month •wm £l7dss, .and the accounts passed for payment were—John Clark, sexton, £8 6s 8d; seoretarv’a ; salary, three months to 30th June, £lO- n i r„?„ as. fld; leaving a balance at the bank of!m7a2d' ; Larcenies on Soldiers Hill are becoming, we hear alarmingly numerous. Clothes lines are stripped any thing is left banging on them over night, id ■poultry have several times lately disappeared, leiZ aQfc ,? r feßtber ' behind, Last week several articles 0 J clothing and some more valuable property were stolen from Grenville College, and from the indications left the thief or thieves must have proceeded about the ‘Work very; leisurely.- A very painful accident happened to a man named James Ponton last night (says Saturday’s felons Tunesj.. . He was ringing. St Paul’s bells, when it accidentally turned over, pulling him up to the ceiling. He fell, receiving a compound fracture of the left arm ;and also a contusion to hia back. He was at once • conveyed to tbe Hospital. , With regard to the annexation of Lacepede guano islands by Mr Lord on behalf of the United States we .learn from the Age that “ Mr Evarts, the American Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs, has, we under stand, dealt with the case, and communicated bis ■ decision to the Secretary of State for the Colonies in London, and to the other parties concerned. He de dines, on behalf of the American Government, to abcept the responsibility of annexation which Mr .Lord desired to thrust upon it. While acknowledging ■ the' right of the United States to take possession of ■ desolate islands outside the prescribed distance from .inhabited territories, he states that it was never in tended to apply to islands to which any adjacent 'Government laid claim, even if formal possession had not 'been taken of them; and certainly that it was never intended to apply to territory the relations of whidh to some other power were similar to thosa existing between 'Western Australia and the Lacepedo i Islands.” ..i . .A meeting of ratepayers of the east riding of Ripon stire waa held at the Man of Kent Hotel, Snake Yalley, on the 3rd inat., to hear the address of Mr J. D. Purteous, who is nominated ns a candidate. Mr Hewitt-took the chair, about 130 persons being pre sent; Tbe candidate addressed the meeting on shire topics generally.- He would be willing to lease roads not required at 2s per acre per annum. Personally, the questidn affected him very slightly, and ho would be in favor of throwing them all open if a majority of the ratepayers deaifed it.; He was not supported by the squatters, and took the occasion to inform them that a large landholder in tbe locality whom he had ; asked for support in his candidature, had told him that his views were . not in accord with bis own. Matters of detail in connection with the working of the shire were then commented on at length, aod to judge by the corrections given at the latter part of the meeting most conclusively by Councillor Forreat, it appeared ; the candidate had been misinformed in many subjects. A vote for and against the fitness of Mr Porteous was taken, and the chairman declared the one in favor aa carried, few in comparison to the number of the meeting voting, After some further discussion and explanations the meeting terminated. Jhe Buninyong Borough Council met on Saturday morning last for the purpose of electing a mayor for tbe ensuing year. Mayor Davies in opening the meet ing made a few remarks upon the demise of Mrs Allan, and suggested that the council attend the funeral as a body. He thought, under the circnm ' "stances, and in accordance with previous arrange mentsylthe meeting should be adjourned till Tuesday next for election of a mayor and for ordinary business. A vote of thanks to the retiring councillors was car ried by acclamation, and was suitably responded to, and the meeting adjourned. No trout ova have, we believe, been obtained tkk season : from the spawning rills at the Botamcal Gardens, though search has been daily made. There can be no doubt that the fish have weeks since depth sited their eggs, and we much fesr that the American ova oolleotof is again at fault in soma way. Last year ■ the trout at - the gardens commenced to spawn in tea middle of July, ova having been taken from the be a on. the 18th and 19th of that month. We have pret■ y •sure proof that the fish have spawned at t e rills this season, as trustworthy persons nav reported seeing the trout entering and leaving tn ’ gravel beds a fortnight or more ago. « rmuch to be hoped that the season has not been in s .and before it is too late to do so, we would orgenpo the committee of the Acclimatisation Sopiej if. desirability of thoroughly examining l h e , bot . the ova collector. We {ear that, as was the , ca;e ,, .. season, the eggp have pot bean retained in _ place op the revolving tray beneath the gravel > hut have again- been , swept beneath and ao amongst the silt.at the bottom. Five remarkably fine specimeßS of tbe (resbwato lobster were placed in a pond at the Botani Gardens on Friday. The crustaceans, which are tro the Goulbiirn river, were, we believe. obtaiocd t the efforts of Mr. George Perry, city clerk. a Pi* .J secretary to the Acclimatisation Spoi’oty. One oi lobsters,.Mr Cave informs ns, weighed 4J lb. A painful accident happened in Sturt a * ree Saturday morning, near Fussell’a hotel, the vicr ‘being, an unfortunate horse. .Mr Miller, a ,c ? master, oLQrenville, was driving up tbe *“ ee .. buggy,-in which besides himself there were two i when 'he observed coming towards him an vehicle, the horse in which was rather frisky. e-; out of the way of this cart Mr Miller crowd j® , of it, but was not ouick enough, for the shaft o girt caqght tl)e oflftank o{ his horse, and nniae siderablp killing the poor animal . immediately. . .The ciccupants of t{)g bItSS? B°' ~ safely, and we understand that Mr A. 5. wOft , : qwner of the offendipg cart; settled matters alterw with Mr Miller, The- Wheeler Comedy Troupe were succesriulM ■eyer in their performances on Saturday,! l ! 6 of the season. Miss De Courcy, Master Prank have established themselves as _ but Jlr.Benhard is undoubtedly the' ata,, ° oincing, pany, His facial: representation, character and ventriloquism are all of a class seldom M . we trust that we shall have an opportunity t£r ing his performances again. The troupe wiP . _ might at Creswick, and after playing a t s -■ placesj’proceed ioCltineg, 