FRANCE. TRANCE AND ('JEH3IANY. Ivespecting the antagonism between France and Germany, an Amerioau paper writca :— On the German frontier France lies open to invasion. Her strongest fortifications aro in tho possession of Germany, who has strengthened thorn enormously. France, in view of this, wanted to build an inner line of fortifications, which might have checked an invading army. Again tho Berlin Government interfered. The French must elect to fight Germany at onc-?, or remain open to German invasion. Wisely again, the French Government has given way. Thero is a tide in the affairs of nations, as of men, which must be taken at the flood, and French aiiairs have been on tho ebb olnca the failure of Napoleon III. to aid Austria in the war with Prussia, which culminated at Sadowa. French politicians recognize tho fact ; still there ia a limit beyond which it would not be safe to push the national suss ceptibilities of the Gallic people, and this limit would appear to be pretty nigh reached just now. When Franco, as a great power, canuot reorganize her army aud erect such fortifications within her frontiers as national safety requires without being told by Ger* many to desist, it is only a question ot time and opportunity when war 'will break out. No great Power could submit to such dicta tion by a neighbouring State and hope to re tain its influence in Europe. It is probable, however, that Russia and Germany raay understand each other, and this nagging of France may bo intended to create a, diver* sion in Western TSuropr', to engage tho at tention of Great Britain and Italy, and ensure the neutrality of Austria, whilo the Czir and tho Sultan fight out their ancient quarrel. THE AFRTCAN MISSIONS. On Monday, the 26th ult., there took place in the Church of St. Francis do Sales, at Lyons, one of those religious ceremonies which serve to show in vivid colours the ever-living spirit of the Catholic Church. Seven missionera of the'Sociote dea Missions Africaines,' about to leave for the vast field of their labours, received the ''Adieux' of the Catholics of tho grand old city of Mary. The ceremony was fixed for 2 o'clock, but from an early hour the vast church com menced to fill, and long before the appointed time standing room could not be found. It would be difficult to describe the appearance of the vast multitude that filled nave, aisles, . and tribunes. The brilliant uniform of the general contrasted with the blouse of the working man ; the plumed head-dress of the ' noble lady was 3oen by the side of tho white coif of the Sister of Charity. No ono seeing this pious and attentive assembly would say that religion was dead in France. No, God be thanked, Catholic France still lives, and lives in the hearts of the vast majority of her children. After the chant of the beautiful hymn of * the Holy Ghost, and tho prayers of the ',:' liiuerarium, the Eev. Father Moseg,O.S.F.C, ; ascended the pulpit, and for over half an hour held his audience in breathless surprise by his fervid eloquence, but especially when . he addressed himself to the missioners, painting tho reward which awaited the sacri fice which they were making, tears flowed from every eye. His Eminence the Car-* dinal-Archbishop was unavoidably absent. The '' Societe des Missions Africaines,' founded twenty-ono years ago by Mgr. '.' Marion do Bresillac, who so early fell a '.'' victim to his zeal during an epidemic at'1; Sierra Leone, has just had entrusted to it by the Holy See the immense country lying „., between the Orange and Zambezi rivers, in ?*''' Central Africa, in addition to Dahomey ami the central vicariate of the Cape of Good Hope. Already over twenty priests have fallen victims to the eliinato, but still the ranks are filled, the seminary at Lyons con taining students from all parto of Europe, including Ireland, which is represented by eight of ito children who are preparing to devote themselves to this glorious work.-— Catholic Opinion, 6th April. THE CHCTHCH AND THE MEDIiEVAL NOBLES. The Rev. Father Coleridge in tho Con temporary reviews tho oubjecfc matter of Montalembert'a two posthumous volumes, which is taken up with the narrative of tho relations maintained betweon the Church andtho mediaival nobles :— ?- The serviced rendered to the Church by the feudal aristocracy, of which ho was proud to call himself a descendant, have found in him an advocate as well as an historian. He tells us with delight how tho most celebrated monks camo from tho ranks of the nobility, and how the great feudal lords were fore most in the foundation of new monasteries and in their protection and endowment when founded. He dwells on the groat number of nobles of oach sex who entered the mon ? aaterles or convents which themselves or others had founded. The chapter in which this [part of the subject is treated is full of picturesque incident. We may refer our readers, as an example, to the account which M. de Montalemborfc Jgivos of a great noble in the time of Gregory tho Seventh — Simon, Count of Valois, Crescy, Amiens, Nantes, Vezin, Bur, and Vitry, the ' PorteOri flammo' of the Crown of France, and the heir of tho ancient Counts ot Vermandois. He was supposed to bo the richest baron in France. Philip the Fair had unjustly per secuted him while a minor, and endeavoured to deprive him of his possessions ; but Simon assembled bis own vassals, and defended himself against his suzerain with success. Philip was obliged to come to terms with him, and his rights were acknowledged and hia domains restored. The Count had been to Koine to get the advieo and direction of the Pope, and kept up, even during tho time when hewao fighting for his rights, his prac tices of piety, assisting every morning at Matins. Ho had bsen betrothed to tho daughter of Count de la Marche, a lady as beautiful as she was high born, and he went with a brilliant train to Auvergne for the Eolemnization o? tho marriage. But he spent tho first momenta of loving inter course with hio bride in opaaking to her of the blessing of renouncement of tho world and of fa life of continence, and ho spoke so forcibly that she lefb home the same night under tho escort of two knights, her near re lations, to consecrate herself to God as a re ligious at La Vau-Bieu. Immediately after this, Simon's alliance was sought by William the Conqueror for hia daughter Matilda. Simon excused himself on the ground of his near relationship to tho princess, and set out again for Koine, undor pretext of consulting the Pope. But without passing the Alps, ho stopped at tho famourj monastery of St. Claude, in the Jura, and took the monastic habit. Soon, however, he began to desire a harder and still more secluded life, and obtained loavo to find a home among the in hospitable mountains which lay to the north of the monastery. Here he built himself a rude cabin at the source of the Doubs. Here he gained a pittance on which to live by » felling wood. His food was only bread and wild fruits. He was not long ltft in his solitude, for the report of his conversion spread far and wide. He was forced to quit his retirement at the instance of the Abbot of Cluny, who persuaded him to go to tho King at Compiegno to plead the cause of the Abbey, some of whose property PL i lip had seized. He was received with great honour?, and his request immediately granted. Ho had the same success on a mission which he undertook to tho Court of tho English King, whom he persuaded to be reconciled to his son Eoberc. After this he wont to Bee to visit St. Ausolm, and again, at the re quest of Gregory tho Seventh, to Eomo. His business in Italy was to reconcile Xobert Guiscard to the Holy See, and he thus se* cured for the Church the powerful aid of the Normans in the terrible struggle with the Emperor, Henry the Fourth. Soon after this Simon died at Rome in the arms of the ' Pope, who had him buried among his own predecessors. A LEEOH FARM. Tho great leech farm of M. Laurens, near Bordeaux, France, covers about 400 acres. The marsh is divided into compartments of five or six acres, each of which is surrounded by two ditches with an intervening bank. The compartments have some 30,000 to 40,000 leeches each. In tho winter the leeches remain under ground, but come out early in the spring. Horses are driven into the water, about ten to the acre, on which the ' bloodsuckers ' gorge themselves for five or six hours. The troop is then taken away to be fed and recuperated for eight or ten days, and other troops take their places, SO that by June the leeches have been fed nine or ten times. In June the leeches go under ground again, the water is drawn off, imd the herbage is allowed to grow. In July and August they come oufc, and deposit their eggs on tho tufts of weeds and grass ; a little water is turned on to moisten the ground, and the young soon hatch. By the last of August the grounds are inundated, and the fishing begins ;— long lines of men in high boots pass through the ponGP, beating the water to rouse the leeches, and putting the largest into bags which they carry. Smaller ones aro left for stock for another year. Paris alone uses 12,000.000 leeches a year, and before the introduction of these leech farms 50,000,000 annually were imported into France. 