POETRY. GRANNY’S STORY. BY EMILY HUNTINGTON MILLER. Yes, lads, I’m a poor old body, My wits are not over clear; I can’t remember the day o’ the week, And scarcely the time o’ the year. But one thing is down in my mem’ry So deep, it is sure to stay; It was long ago but it all comes back As if it happened to-day. Here, stand by the window, laddies, Do you see away to the right, A long black line on the water, Topped with a crest of white? That is the reef Defiance, Where the good ship Gaspeau Beat out her life in the breakers, Just fifty-six years ago. I mind ’twas a raw Thanksgiving, The sleet drove sharp as knives, And most of us here at the harbor Were sailors’ sweethearts and wives. But I had a goodman beside me, And everything tidy and bright, When all of a sudden a signal Shot up through the murky night. And a signal gun in the darkness Boomed over and over again, As if it bore in its awful tone The shrieks of women and men. And down to the rocks we crowded, Facing the icy rain, Praying the Lord to be their aid, Since human help was vain. Then my goodman stopped and kissed me, And said, “It is but to die: Who goes with me to the rescue?” And six noble lads cried “I!” And crouching there in the tempest, Hiding our faces away, We heard them row into the blackness, And what could we do but pray? So long, when at last we heard them Cheering faint, off the shore, I thought I had died and gone to heaven, And all my troubles were o’er. And white-faced women and children Seemed like ghosts in my sight, As the boats weighed down to the water, Came tossing into the light. Eh, that was a heartsome Thanksgiving, With sobbing and laughter and prayers: Our lads with their brown dripping faces, And not a face missing from theirs. For you can never know how much dearer The one you love dearest can be, Till you’ve had him come back to you safely From out the jaws of the sea. And little we cared that the breakers Were tearing the ship in their hold, There are things if you weigh them fairly, Will balance a mint of gold. And even the bearded captain, Said, “Now let the good ship go, Since never a soul that sailed with me, Goes down in the Gaspereau.” CHARITY. Only a drop in the bucket, But every drop will tell; The bucket would soon be empty Without the drops in the well. Only a poor little penny, It was all I had to give; But as pennies make the guineas, It may help some cause to live. A few little bits of ribbon And some toys—they were not new; But they made the sick child happy, Which has made me happy too. Only some outgrown garments— They were all I had to spare; But they’ll help to clothe the needy, And the poor are everywhere. A word now and then of comfort, That costs me nothing to say; But the poor old man died happy, and it helped him on the way God loveth the cheerful giver, Though the gift be poor and small; What doth He think of His children When they never give at all. 