MEWS OF THE DAY. An Executive meeting was held at noon to-day. The business transacted was of a merely formal character, In another column wo give the latest pOlllICfll IIKOtligCBCC UUlHlDnD16i AUlUUrB vl the most improbable kind arc still cifciila- Mhg In the city Concerning Mr Borty'd movements nnd the new Ministry, At half-past one o'clock this morning, a9 the night coach from Sale to Melbourne was approaching Berwick, and within two miles of that township, a portion of the harness of one of the -lending horses gavo way, The animal at once boanded forward jerking the reins out of the driver's hands. The whole team being without control, dashed forward, and bronght the coach with a violent shock against a strong fence- The shock liberated the lending horses' which galloped into the bush aud hnve not since been heard of, and niBo bronght the driver from his seat amongst the pole horses, where he was badly cut about the forehead. Fortunately none of the passengers, of whom Mr Bobert Walsh, the barrister, was one, were hurt. The pole> axle, and other parts of the conchwere much damaged. The mails were sent forward as rapidly as possible after the accident, but the passengers came on by the Berwick coach, arriving some hours late, but none the worse for the misadventure. ' A small alteration was made within the last couple of days in tho Supreme Court house. The bar table was removed about three feet closer to the bench, nnd a space of that breadth left between the table and the seat formerly occupied by the mem bers of the bar. The utility ' of the alteration could not easily be Been, and after the Central Criminal Court had been sitting a couple of hours to-day, the Crown Prosecutor caused the table to be removed to Its former place, remarking that the draft from the side door (which was formerly intercepted by the jury box), was so severe that he could not bear it, Thcie is now a large space between the table and the bench. Before the removal of the table to its for mer position the barristers were accommo dated with chairs instead of the cushioned bench of which they had been deprived, PerEonB who are not enthusiastic cricketers ore frequently annoyed by the youthful disciples of the noble gnme, who porsist in utilising every vacant lot of ground in the city aB a wicket, to the imminent dauger of receiving a good catch at long-off in their eye. Two prolmble future Australian cham- pionr, nnmed Arthur Bobinson and David Witram, were sued by Constable WilkinBon for playing a game of cricket in Therry street. Mr Call, P.M., pointed out to the lads that they bad clearly infringed the Corporation bye-laws by indulging in their favorite pastime in tho streets. After receiving a caution as tothoir future conduct the defendants were discharged: Michael John Lyons was charged by Senior- constable Lonegan, of the Carlton police at the City Police Court to day, with wilfully setting fire to his dwelling house, situated off Bouveric street, on Tuesday morning last. The accused occupied a two- roomed house, a portion of which he sublet to a man and his wife named McCormack.. It appeared that Lyons, his wife, and their lodger and his wife, had been drinking together on the night in question, and indeed for several days previous to the fire occurring. The orgie resulted in Lyons becoming mad through the effects ol liquor. When in this condition, he turned his wife and children into the streets, declaring at the same time that he would burn the place down. Tho threat was not carried into effect at the time, but some three hours later, Lyons obtained a lighted candle from Mrs McCormack's room, and went into his own apartment, from which flames issued almost immediately. Mr Gillow, who appeared for the prisoner, elicited from the McCormacks that Lyons, directly he found that the place was on fire, ran for the Carlton Brewery Brigade, and assisted to extinguish the flames. The bench were of opinion that there was no case ef arson against the accused, but for the pro tection of the public, ordered the prisoner to find two sureties in £25 eah for his good behaviour for the next six months. The liev. Mr Jones, the successor of the late Bev. Mr. Henderson, of tlxc Collins Hreet Independent Church, is expected to reach Melbourne nt the latter end of this month. Tho congregation are making pre parations to give this celebrated pulpit orator a hearty and befitting welcome. At the City Police Conrt this morning Detective Edeiston charged a young -man named Frederick Williams with forging and uttering a nnmher of cheques and orders purporting to bo signed by Mr Jas, Munro, M.L.A., Mr A. K. Smith, M.L.A., Or. G. Wilks, nnd Mr. J. T. Butters. Tho prisoner had uttered the documents in question representing himself as the electioneering agent of the gentlemen mentioned, nnd obtained the cash for the cheques from tradesmen on the faith of the signatures- Tho rtisonor, who appeared to he still sintering from the cffcctB of drink, was remanded till Tucsdny next. Sir Kane npplicd for hail, which wns re- . fused. Early tliiB morning a young man named SIcIvor, a resident of Yarrnville, was arrested by the Footscray police on a charge of slab bing Bobert Otter, landlord of the Ynrravilie Hotel. Ho was taken before a justice of the pence, and remanded till Wednesday uoxt. It is not expected the cat will pt0.e „f Bto'nldcn Ure' U,U8h V£ry de< de left A woman named Ellen Bcece was at the Sandridge Court this morning stealing a pair of boots, the nrouaftJ "i George Stone. Prosecutor said that he » lying down drunk in aright-of-wav ana woke up by finding the prisoner aUcmntTn to take ins boots off. She had succeeded removing one, and was in the act of troll ing the other in a similar manner when £» objected. Tim boots were afterwards pawnafi at a shop in Emerald Hill for four ahjlW, in tho name of Mary Ann Bilev Pri. pleaded guilty to pawning the bfots, bit to Btealing them. Shejwas sentenced to ons month's imprisonment with hard labor. Frederick and Jane Davis, maa and wifi» were charged at the Sandridge Police Oourt this morning with unlawfully assault, Constables M'Cormick and Johnson reaped6 lvely, while m the execution of their dutl A man named Myers, who, it was stated in evidence, was arrested about one o'clniv this morning on a charge of drunkenness w« being taken to the look-up, when ' th£ defendants' committed a unprovoked assault upon M'Cormick who appeared in court with his head ban' daged up. - He also lost a eousiderabli qurutity of his whiskers and hair, Thoui/I, it was fnlly proved that the constables hii teen moat cruelly feeaten, the magistrates presidine— Messrs Leigh and Aitkens-iu fl'ctcd the small fine of twontyshiliing each" or in default seven days' imprisonment! Fredeuek Davis was also fined an additional ten shillings for a Bccond assault upon Con stable JohnBon. The decision of the beucli created some surprise in court. We (Creswick Advertiser) understand that Owen Collins, of Spring Hill, is about suing the North Ovens Shire Council for £500 damages for the loss of his son, a trooper who died from injuries received through his' horse stumbling over a heap of road metal which was obstructing the road on St Patrick's night. ' A Belfast journal reportB ihat on Sunday a small whalo was eiscovered to have got ashore on tho rooks on the south aide of Griffiths Island, not far from where the schooner Waterlily stranded. Mr J. Aeder- son, the lighthouse keeper, first saw it, and of course claimed tho prize, Hie fishermen weie yesterday busily onployod cut ting off the fat and blubber, pre- paratory to' boiling down operations. A heavy sea had been tumbling in along tlia southern coast during last week, and it is supposed this sea monster must havo got ii.side the reef and on to the rocks along the shore, from which place it could not get out to its native element again. However, 11 it is an ill wind (hat blows nobody good," for f lie fishermen will make a trifle out of ths Had, A ghost has made its appearance in ths onion district of Bellarine. The Geolong Advertiser writes A well-knoW.n resident, on returning home from Portarlingfoii » few evenings ago, somewheie in the small lnl.uri, saw as he approached his residence what to him appeared to be the figure of a woman in an erect attitudo, but motionless. Bound the head of the spirit was a dim halo, which looked supernatural, and the features bore a strong resemblance to those of a young lady of tho district, who, unfortunately for the advocates of Spiritism, is still living. With the courage of his race, he made towards her spiritship, and was about to ask the roason of so late a visit, when to his amazement the fignre proved to be a ' Walker," for it soon disappeared with lightning speed across the onion fields into utter darkneBB. The onion grower, on seeing this took to his heels, and was soon safe in side a bolted door, but so overcome was he with fright that he swooned away— a cir cumstance that to him never ocaurred before TLe ghost has caused great excitement in the locality, A watch wil! no doubt be instituted, and very likely some medium will he in- troduced in order to ascertain, if possible, the object of this visit from the spirit land. The lady whom the figure resembled lias become very serious, and the superstitious expect something awful to happen at Bellarine ihortiy. The KynetoH Observer says It was gene rally stated in well-informed circles iu Mai- bourne, yesterday, we learn, that Mr G. P. Smith will be called upon immediately after the meeting of Parliament to retract the deroi gatory or rather defamatory expression he is said to have made use of, at Boorandara, on the occasion of his late election, in speak ing of the recently elected members of the new Parliament. Some of the men returned, he told the electors present, jwere as destitute of social position as they were of the quali ties necessary to fit them for the position of legislators, whilst there wore a few that only an adventurous person would entrust with a £5 note. If Mr Smith do not apologise to the House and withdraw his remarks, it is said action will at once be taken to expel him from Parliament, A strange occurrence (says tho Goulbura Ileiald) took place on Tuesday last at Cogea- Lurg, Mr FulljameB, the owDcr of tho estate, had had his buggy brought out about 2 o'clock in the afterncon for the purpose of haying it washed, and while tho man was doing this a smell of fire was observed, and looking to see whence it proceeded it was found lo ariso from ope of the .'amps of the vehicle. There was no candle in the lamp, and the spring consequently was up to the highest point, and the calico surrounding it had been Bet on fire by rays of the sun con centrated to a focus by the glass in the lamp. What makes this still stranger is that the glasB of the lamp is square, not round. The U.S. Minstrels continue to draw large audiences to St. George's Hall. The pro gramme this week is an exceedingly good one, and portions of it are loudly applauded. The Big 1 and the Skidmore v. the Mulligan Guards elicit roars of laughter. To-morrow evening is underlined for the benefit of tho lioupo's manager, Mr G. W. Rockefeller. A special programme has been prepared for the occasion, nnd among other attractions will ho Ihe re-appearnnce of Mr Tom Hudson, who has just returned from a successful Indiau tour. There should be a bumper house. ' 