THE Sebastopol Board of Advice decided by a majority of one on Monday evening, that the complaints of ill-usage preferred by parents against Mr Keenan, an assis tant teacher in State school 1167, had not oeen proven. Tnis decision may or may not be correct ; bnt owing to tbe rather im perfect evidence adduced on both eidse, it is not onr intention to say which con clusion would be fair to the children and jost to the teacher. Certain it is, how ever, that Mr Eeenan departed from his instructions when he slapped Ann North onlhe face. . The regnlation pro hibiting the infliction of corporal punish ment npcm glris, has been In esstence almost as long as the Edocation Act, and Mr Keenan had no right to disobey it. It ireqnally certain that Mr Tatham did not preeent a cneditaUe figure at the enqoiiy whei he need both hie deliberative and casting ' vote, and thus managed to give School 1167 that clean bill of health which the bead , teacher, Mr OLDHAH . whb eo. anrious to obtain for it. The -dual right undoubtedly eriste. Bat. like a great many other privilegee in thia world, " ills more honored In the breach than ; tbe. observance," and a knowledge of tlus fact ahould have restrained Mr Tatham f rom exerrising both votes on so delicate a question as tbe board had met to de termine. Only: for .this double voting the decision wodd "have been in favor of the - com plainants, and. then the Education De partment wonid have taken the mat ter up. The public would then have come really to know on which ride right prevails ; and If all we hear about this school be true, no unjust or bypercriti- cal interfetence with its afiairBWOuld' havB been displayed In aeriang for this informa tion- Ait while; it is mt our intention to rit in judgment npon the charges made' Bgainst Mr KEENAN, we unheeitatmgly asaeA that Boards of Advice wotdd niect one of their moat important fomctiona if ihey did not carefnlly and impartially in vestigate charges of tins description ; and it is chiefly with a view of pointing out tins fact that we refer, this; morning to tbe anbject. It is notorious that until recently the schools were ruled with a very high hand by some of the teachers. Squeers was an actual entity in some of them, and the suffering nlcklebys were by no means scarce. Tbe old pads-' gogue element appeared to have been in herited by a pretty stiff number of . the subordinate teachera, and the result was that a great deal more caning was going on than was either necessary to the discipline of the 8choole or to the intellectual welfare of the children. So many cases of tbis kind were brought under the notice of Major Smith Boon after he became Minister of Education, that he would have committed a breach of ' Ministerial trust had be not adopted a- very effective means to prevent similar- occurrences in the future. The new rule will undoubtedly check this exuberant fondness for corporal punishment in tbe State schools, and reduce it down to something like fair and reason able dimensions. ' Bnt for ail that Boards of Advice should continue to give due at tention to any complaint of unnecessary or severe flagellation that may be bronght under their notice, because it is a part of their functions to eee that the children are property treated, and because the popularity of pur educational system greatly depends upon no more corporal punishment being inflicted within the schools than is necessary to secure order and enforce instruction. There has- been more unmitigated -rubbish and ignorance displayed in connection with this than perhaps any other .subject that has been discussed in the press ; hot it is to be hoped Boarda of Advice will not allow themselves to be led away by this nonsense. The new rnle which Major smith has authorised is almost in universal nae in Europe. It is &1bo adopted at Eton and Harrow, where nearly 1000 boye attend each school, and where none bat the head master is allowed to inflict punishment. The system of edu cation takes a still leas disciplinarian form in the great Jesuit schools iff Europe. In those establishments corporal punishment is absolutely prohibited, moral suasion having been, found far more effective for good than any amount, email or great, of physical flagellation. Tbe Minister of Education has, therefore,- ample grounds for introducing his new rule; and it is the dnty of all teachers to obey it, just the same as it becomes Boards of Advice to enquire into any complaint of ill-treatment that- may be made, and do all that kkya in their power to preserve the new and perfectly justifiable rules from every attempt at infringement. The Sebastopol Board of Advice therefore acted very property in investigating the charges made against Mr keenan, not withstanding the ridiculoos stuff that has been written to the contrary, and it is to be hoped that this and all other boards will show similar alacrity whenever charges of the same sort are made again. Certainly the result of the Sebaetopol en- \- qtriry has not been bronght about in tbe most satisfactory manner possible, owing to the conduct of the chairman. It is equally certain that no person desires to push the complaints made against Mr Keenan to an extreme. He is admitted to . be an excellent teacher, and the caution he has received by the recent enquiry will probably be regarded as sufficient to meet hie case. But our remarks are intended to have more than an individual application. They are designed to -enforce on Boards of Advice the wisdom of soring that the new rnle is obeyed, and also the desirability of holding an investigation into every well- defined charge of ill-treatment that may be made against the teachers. And these views > are perfectly reasonable and just, because . cornoral "rfr rifiae into alsnse in every part of the civilised globe, and because they contain nothing that the Education Department and the public have not a clear right to expect and demand in ' connection witii this subject. Considerable attention is once more bring bestowed npcm the esse of the convict sbkrtn, who is now lying in Pentridge under a sentence of ten yeara for criminal , assault. This man has been in prison for three years, and, if we remember correctly, has undergone two severe floggings at the hands of the public executioner. In the1 meantime, great efforts have been made to show that he is innocent of the offence of ' which he was convicted. The Daily Tele graph has persistently taken this mew of the . case, and we eee that the Age is now adopting the same side of the question. Shortly after Sperin'b trial, the mother and sister of the child alleged to have been assaulted, were charged with committing perjury at the trial, and a case so strong was believed to have been made out against them before the magistrates that they also were committed for trial. But. the Crown Prosecutor entered a nolle prosequi, and tbe prisoners were therefore discharged without undergoing the cnuaal ordeal to which they bad been remitted by tbe lower court. Following npcm their dis charge came no lees than twenty-three statutory declarations, setting forth that. SPERIN was innocent of the crime, and that the evidence of the witnesses against him could not be believed. The general allegation was that the mother and sister of the girt had a "down" upon Speein, and had accused him of criminal as sault to consign him to gaoL These statutory declarations, accompanied by a petition, were sent to the Governor about two yeara back; but, for some reason that b not explained, no notice was taken of them. sperin was therefore left to his fate, as it was thought that no fnrther effort that could be made would avail to procure his liberation. Latterly, however, some fur ther evidence has turned op in his favor. vne or tne witnesses ax ms mat is now in gaol as a vagrantj-andhe has made a sta- tntory declaration that the child, nppn whom the assault was alleged to have been com mitted, confessed to him that her mother induced her .to give evidence against Spebin, and in consequence of this state ment tbe case has once more come under the public notice. 3D- M'Kean, solicitor for the convict, who has shown a deep internet in the case all through, has bronght this additional circomstance ia favor of Speein tinder the notice of the Attorney- General and Minister of Justice, and both gentle men are now busily engaged investigating all the declarations and other documents connected with tbe subject. Now although it would be very undesirable for a man who had committed each a crime as stands re corded against sperin to escape from gaol before he had completed' hie sentence, it is something appalling that a human bring should beeubjected to ten years' imprisonment andtwoaeverefiaggings who has perpetrated no such offence. The idea is not alone repugnant to human instincts, but it is also the grossest possible outrage upon the name of jnstice that could well be conceived or committed. It is to be. hoped therefore that the actual fects of the case will now be ascertained, and thiit' if Spebin is really innooent he wifl eomi be pet at liberty, But, in that evmA, it will be-necewary to deal in no tender spirit with the mother-in- law and her daughter. . SPERIN, outside of Pentridge, may be indifferent to the fate of these actresses in the drama which has cost him so modi physical pain Snd mental suffering. But the public has a huge interest in this case, for there, can be so such thing as.-' ;assnred liberty, if such a serious charge as this can be sheeted home without guilt, and the concoctora can escape all consequences after their offence has been discovered. The first Hung to do, there fore, is to ascertain whether SPERIN is really fninbeent; and, if ao, to proceed against his mother-in-law and her daughter for the crime they have committed, and eo punish them for all the public uneasiness they will have caused by their vile outrage and undeserved prosecution. The R.M.S. Tanjore arrived off Cape Otway at nine a n), (yesterday, and reached Port Phillip Heads at three p.m. Owing to tbe heavy weather the whole of the mails could not be landed. A portion came last night, and the remainder will arrive to-day. The bodies of the two young men, Johnston and Taylor, have not yet been recovered from Lake Burrumbeet. The County Court sittings for August com menced yesterday, before his Honor Judge Rogers, when all tbe undefended canes and a large number of the defended cases were disposed of. A report appears elsewhere. The court re-opens at ten o'clock this morning. It will be seen by our Melbonrne letter that Messrs Llewellyn and Edwards ate the successful tenderers for the erection of the new State school on Soldiers' Hill, at £4430. No fresh case of small-pox has made its ap pearance on hoard the Macduff,, and -the preeent sufferers are doing as well as could be expected. A strong police force has been sent by the Govern ment to prerent any person connected with the ship breaking the quaran tine regulations. It is understood that Mr Betty will, make tbe financial statement on Thursday evening. It has been discovered that the cause of the gas fights in tbe train coming np from Melbourne on Monday night flickering and nearly going out, was the draft of air passing underneath the false roof, and blowing into tbe lamps. A carriage was' lighted with gas lost night on the occasion of the lost train leaving for Melbourne, and steps were taken to guard against the too rapid admission of air into the lamps. The fights burned with great brilliancy. Mr Dempster intends to communicate the success of his invention to tbe Government, and what further steps will be taken in the matter remains to be seen. The plans for the new footbridge at the Western railway station have not yet readied Ballarat, hut it is believed that they will arrive shortly. It is intended that there shall be no communication from the platform with the foo '.bridge, the ap proaches to which will be from the booking-office on one ride and tbe arches on the other. In the case of the Ballarat Water Commission against Mr Fatquhar, of Mair street, yesterday, for recovery of water rates, Mr Kelly, for the defendant, raised tbe points that although the commission had power to levy rates under the Local Govern ment Act, they had no power to sue ; also, that by section 222 of the Fublic Works Act, the owner, and not the occupier, was alone responsible for the payment of the rates when service- pipes bod not been laid on to the premises. Mr Finlayson, how ever, pointed out that part 5 of the Fublic Works Act, giving authority to sue, was incorporated witn tne Local Government Act. His Honor, therefore, overruled both objections, and entered a verdict against the defendant. A board, constating of Mr W. H. Gaunt, P.M., and Mr Bennett, local receiver and paymaster, has been appointed by the Minister of Mines, to enquire into the long-standing claims of Messrs Cowan, Davidson, Lynch, Stevenson, Harvey, and Christie, surveyors and registrars, upon toe Go vernment. The hoard wBl rit on Monday and Tuesday next in Ballarat, probably in the City Hall, and afterwards report to toe Minister. An old woman named Sophia White, who, it will he remembered, bad her head badly cut in a quarrel a few days ago, wbs charged at the City Police Court yesterday with, uttering a spurious shilling, knowing toe same to be a counterfeit. No evidence was taken, prisons bring remanded, for toe production of witnesses, until Friday. It is believed that prisoner is acting in conjunction with a gang of coiners, and that she has passed off a number of spurious coins. The counterfeit shilling which she is charged with pawing was produced in court. Tbe color of it was rather doll, and tbe edge was not perfect, but it rang very like a genuine coin. On Monday night a woodsplitter, named Alfred Hum mere tou, reported to Constable Gibson, . at Egerton, that' his little girl had been lost that d r. mold wv w »— «, -awmigii-searcn tan 1 been made. The cons table7 in company with Mr George Hicks, lamp in hand, started for toe resi dence of Hummers ton, about three-quarters of a mile from Egerton.. A start was then made in search of the unfortunate child, and when tbe search party got out to toe rise of the hill, a. Urge fire was lit, throwing a light around, and at last the poor half-naked, half-famished child was found lying down on the ground. There is no doubt that if the child, whose age is under three years, had not been found as soon as it was, death would have ended its earthly career before morning, as the night was bitterly cold and wet. The little waif was found about half a mtln from where it had last been seen. The rival bootmakers of Start street, who, by the exhibition of ladies' small boots in their windows some few weeks ago, raised a sensation which resulted in a disturbance opposite toe Mechanics' Institute, aired their grievances in the County Court yesterday, when Messrs Mateham' and Dsrcy sued Mr H. Oyston for £10, for trespass and damage. By our report, which appears else where, it wilt be seen that his Honor Judge Rogers settled the matter by awarding the plaintiffs Is damages and.20s costs. At tbe Blackwood police court, on Friday last, H. Bunarii was. prosecuted for drawing a charge from a bore in the Sultan mine contrary to tbe Mine Regulations Act, and whereby mi awinpn; had occurred. .. He was fined 5s' and 2a fid costs. Particulars will be found in another column. It will be noticed by an advertisement elsewhere that liberal offera are made for certain nnmbera of tickets in the Sandhurst Ait-union to take place on the 31st instant. The highest offer is made for No. 5849, which, it appears, is the " tip" given by a spiritist medium, while somebody rise bos dreamt that toe lucky number is 6965, and has sufficient faith in his dream to back it for £4. The other offers, we believe, are for fancy numbers, bnt we have no doubt that if toe spiritists or dreamers conld "get at" these latter persons, they would give stiU larger sums for some other numbers. The ordinary monthly meeting of the Orphan Asylnm committee was held last night, at the usual place of meeting. A notice of -motion by Mr Macaw— "That no child be sent out to any trade or calling until the application b first duly considered by toe house committee, and their recommendation sent down to the general com mittee for approval at its first regular meeting"— was carried, the word " down" being excised, and "or otherwise" added, after "for approval" towards the end of the notice. Mr Isaac Jonas, of the Earl of Zetland hotel Bridge street— who, it will be remembered, left yS.nnK Stevenson, toe Australian Bloody for tbe (tape of Good Hope-returned to BflHamt on Monday night, after an <£ nearly six months. He says that, although young S tommon's performances were highly appreciated >1 « <5«pe Settlements, and received the tUFhMtMimtnlnma fwm aL. ' "ta ' s . - " . . V ISVUJ. WJC Irs vePa j Ck. from a variety of untoward circumstance, the speculation was not eo successful as it might have been— bad wratoereuore especiaUyheing the great The Australian Blondio had joined the „ ttle Tfcwpe, who were perfotmihg at Cape pro; aud it was then his intention, after flsieh- Dg,i,eBgglcDt' to Proceed to England. Tbe Baby Benson Troupewere also perfonning there, SS 5cce?'. Mr JonM taTteoughi with him, from Sonto Africa, a large assortment of rarities, comprising rough diamonds, ostrich festhas, sealskins, feather wreaths, and ornaments, &c.;, which are well worth inspection.' J.!® ?a-!now bdD® boilt terMr O. E. Elwards, "Saria, will, it is an til tennched on Like Wendonreein about a month, and will, without doubt, be toe prettiest specimen of naval architecture yet seen here. _We may state that toe model is entirely different from rMW.SD ke' aDl3 i» toe design of toe builder, Mr W. Hines, who anticipates, and with very good reason, carrying off the blue ribbon ah toe coming Ballarat Yacht Club Regatta. Themrasuremrataof Hie Victoria are as hSowa : —Length of keel 22 feet; length over all 28 feet ; beam, 7 feet 4 inches ; depth, 2 feet 4 inches draught, with false keel, 21 inches. She is all bt a JPPr fastened, with black- wood ribs, end grown blackwood knees, while her Thetai« are's sF1 l"me. .J"?1 ""Prm cartines. are of toe ram projecting pattern, which gives her a good entrance, while she has a much cleaner run aft than many hbais of the same dimensions. When fo full sail, toe Victoria will i «9are Yyda of canna. There stall aud workmanship of Mr Hines, the builder- and. when the internal fittings and rigging are; Pi»rea. will be the handsomest yacht on toe compu>u">, the boat is also intended EhJfoe In Hrtson's Bay, amongst tbe salt water cracks ; so thatit is not probable 4hat toe Victoria wfll give a good account of herself beyond onr local waters. ' The committee of the Norto-Sfjrateni Coursing finh metEt Wiles Club faotcl CluilBS, jlHoD StepYyTverthe staiei won at the late meeting The principal winner was unavoidably absent. The health of toe winners was drunk vStohonbrs. Tbe health of the bonorai judge (Mr Cricbtou) was proposed, and drunk with en thusiasm. It was resolved to have s invito 4hat gentleman, and present jum witiia valuable grid watch, in recognition of Iub_ aerncea to toe dub. The secretary was directed to for- ward a special vote of thanks to Mr W. Bailey, for his kindness in granting the use of his horse at the late meeting. General satisfaction was ex pressed at toe success the club has met with duri ng toe season. The utmost harmony prevailed, and a bright future was prophesied for toe dub. It would hardly be believed that a letter posted in Melbourne on Friday night cannot reach its destination in Ballarat (within fifteen minutes' walk of the Post Office) until Monday morning. Yet such is the case under toe present postal arrange ments, so far as regards Armstrong street south. One instance was brought under our notice yester day in which a . great deal of inconvenience was. caused by this system of one-horse delivery, aud we therefore hope the Poetmas tor-General will see his way to remedy the existing state of affairs. The Orphan Asylum committee, at its monthly meeting last night, tendered its congratula tions to Mayor Gray on his accession to toe mayoralty of tbe city. Mr Gray made a suitable reply- A largdy-attended meeting was held last right in St. John's schoolroom, Soldiers' Hill, for toe purpose of listening to an address by the Bight Eev.Br Thorntonon "The Folks .at Home; or Stirring" Steriee of Church Life in England." There could not have been less than 400 persons present, and the chair waa occupied by toe Rev. Si Johnstone Mercer, who briefly introduced tbe business of the meeting. The bishop then pro ceeded with bis address, and for over an hour described, 'in a most interesting planner, the work that was being done by tbe home church in toe way of missions and _ by other auxiliaries. In .dealing with his subject, Dr Thornton related many of his own ex periences ; and, amongst, other things, described (he method of street preaching which he bad adopted. The address was concluded by an eloquent and earnest appeal to the people to give evidence of their desire for the welfare of toe church. A vole of thanks was proposed by Mr Wm. Eyres,' seconded by Mr Turton, and carried by acclama tion. A collection in aid of toe sustentation fond was then taken np, and realised £7. A number of selections by the choir, under the oondoetorship of Mr H. Wright (Mr Hainee acting as organist), and toe pronouncing of tbe benediction brought the proceedings to a.close. - The Orphan Asylum committee, at its meeting last night,' decided, on toe recommendation of toe house committee, to reduce the fire insurance on toe asylum from £6000 to £3000, and to insure toe furniture for £1000, as a set-off on toe amount reduced. A large meeting was hetd in the Bible Qmjtian schoolroom, Clones, on Monday evening, at which resolutions were unanimously passed protesting against toe severity of toe sentence passed upon James Oliver at toe local police court on Friday last. A petition from tbe inhabitants is to be for warded at once, praying for a mitigation of toe sentence. AiifiTbwo ur uiree remaiiuB, jaeur/ nBanug «w finally brought before tbe City Police Court yester day, charged with stealing three grid rings, a silver watch, and a grid albert chain, and discharged, on the application of Detective Hyland, as no owner for the jewellery could be found. Mr Haiuer has given Un invitation to the children of the Orphan Asylum to be present on Saturday afternoon to witness fata Diorama of the American .War. The bouse committee of toe asylum met last right after toe business of the genual meet ing had been concluded, and resolved to allow the children to be present on the occasion. The dunes Borough Council met at the town hall on Monday, and elected Councillor J. F. Weickhardt to be mayor of the borough for the ensuing financial year. The mayor entertained his brother councillors and some other friends at a supper, at tbe Club hotel, in the evening. A special meeting of the members of the Bal larat Yacht Qnb was held at toe club rooms, Lester's' hotel, on Tuesday evening; Captain Hathorne in the (hair. The business waa entirely of a routine character. The rules, as amended by the sub-committee appointed for that purpose, were adopted, and ordered to be printed. The secretary reported that tbe club's finances were in a healthy condition, and that subscriptions were coming in to a satisfactory extent Mr B. Hep burn i» elected a member of toe dub, and the meeting then adjourned. An interesting and successful lecture was given at the Primitive Methodist Church, Chines, on Monday evening, by Mr J. Summerscales," of Ballarat toe subject bring " John Ash worth," author of " Strange Tales." The lecture was in terspersed with selections of sacred music, very efficiently rendered by toe members of the various choirs in Chines. The entertainment was in aid of the new school fund, and the proceeds amounted The following is toe notice- paper for the meeting of the Water Commission on Friday: — Beport of the public works committee as to— Application of Commissioner of Railways for redaction in price of water. (Recommended that toe charge be redaoed to Is per 1000 gallons after the 1st of October.) The . laying of the mains from the Gong Gong reservoir. (To be done by day labor.) Clearing ob structions from pipe- track. (The Town Council bas been requested to remove tbem.) Photographs of Gong Gong works. (To be procured.) . Inspec tion of works on the 10th instant. (Mentioned in yesterday's Courier.) We remind those interested of toe second of the series of fortnightly meetings of toe Academy of Art, to be held to-nigbt at tbe Town Hail, at eight o'clock, when Mr W. B. Tappin will read a paps', the subject of winch will be "The dawn of art." A football match was played on Monday be tween toe Junction and the Wesleyan school football dubs, which resulted in a victory for the former by one goal to ruL Coleman (captain), a Gray, F. Sound, and W. Ailken played well for the former, and A. Matthews (captain), W. Thomas, and W. Harris for toe Wesleyan dub. Anniversary services in connection with the Eyre Street Primitive Methodist Church will be held next Sunday, when the Rev. J. G. Wright will preach in the morning, the Rev. J. W. Iugiia in tite afternoon, and the Rev. W. Hunt in the evening. A tea meeting and concert will take place on toe following evening. The following members of the Christian Brothers' School football dub are requested to assemble at toe Western station on Thursday morning at six a.m., to proceed to Melbourne by toe 6.25 train, to play toe Christian Brothers' dub in that town J. M'Donnell F. Way, J. Cordon, J. Bourke, J. Lawler, M. M'Donough, M. Mungovan, W. Gill, Mafeolm, J. O'Malley, N. Graber, H. M'Don- nril, P. Burke, D. Coleman, F. O'Malley, R. Car- den, T. Newton, M. M'Donnel, S. Darcy, J. Dnggan, J. Carroll, J. Shelley, and J.Fitzpatrick. of the Amateur Opera Company, with full band accompaniment, wfll take place in to thia evening, commencing A.young nmn named primes, of Vegetable Creek, wbo had been engaged ae a billiard-marker at Glen Inuea, New South Wales, suddenly found tamfown« of a property said to be worth The lad Scully, who was admitted to toe Mel bourne Hospital on Sunday in. an insensible con- -«£? from toe effects of a fall sustained while e in the m.titutmnmVrrra£ bas been issued for the arrest of a man known as neighborhood at twenty minutes past seven on Friday evening. The wave appeared to travpf in a southerly dftectjou. in the Mechanics' hall and forma were shaken, and in several dwelling-houses the oscillation was so distinct as toereate not -Itofe movement. The aho£ A deputation (says the Teleoranh) from the mm - SP"1 Juvenile Exhibition accom- £— s «. u. complied with. request would be eremng , daughter of Mr Jones, of the locomotire tomSSSL ' A11®!, rushed outside TOMgUdtaaT"n tbere found the two young tadiea in a nervous state ot ntteriynnable to give the then, Mr Allen observedTtfc!. hovering About the railway yart it Jones' attention to it. Both 0f'th and certainly would have OTertafefJ ghost thrown off toe make good its escape. And wdl thatit was aft otherwise Mr Jones have given him cause to riridlv " right for many a long day to rem! toe fright upon Miss Jones is germran t character ; at all event, itJSB tuna before her nervous system regaauSI — i— — ""n 