NEWS AND NOTES. The Minister of Education having on Saturday visited the site proposed, decided that the new Soldiers Hill State school shall be built. on the Macarthur and Doveton streets site. This decision will givemuch, satisfaction : to all .who ; -.really have the interests of the children at heart. The decision also finally disposes ofthe nonsense so freely written about' the Ligar street site, which , was mani festly the worst of the three sites originally men tioned. . ■ The £5O bonus offered by the Agricultural and Pastoral Society for the first efficient reaper and ‘ hinder combined of colonial invention having failed to inspire any dormant mechanical genius of Victoria, Mr-Q; Innes will move at the next meeting of the society that the prize be given for the first machine of the kind in question exhibited, whether Victorian or imported. - , . Judging by the number and the value of silver cups to be given as prizes at the Agricultural and Pastoral Society’s Sheep Show in September next, the exhibits should' be numerous and good. ; Cups have been promised by the following gentlemen ;—Sir Samuel.Wilson,'three cups, of the value of £lO each; the Hon. Philip Bussell, one £lO 10a cup fur the beat two-toothed-merino ewe; Mr M’Pheraon, a £lO cup; Mr Bath, a £lO 10s cup; the Hon. Hell Black, a £15.10s cup; and the Hon. John Gumming, Turin allum, £2O Ba, The Ballarat stock' agents will also, itTis said, give a Cup, and ■ Messrs Fisken and Gibson will give one for the best four-toothed merino ram at the September show, and one for the best fat bullock at the Spring Show. Seme discussion took place at the meeting of the committee on Saturday as .brittle desirability or otherwise of giving, in . connection with Jthe Sheep .Show, a £5O prize for the best entire draught horse shown, whose owner would keep him in the district. The want of a"good draught sire is much felt by farmers, and the question of whether the £5O should be given as a prize or as a bonus was discussed. Ultimately, a sub- committee was appointed to. report on the question at the meeting on the 16th inst. A, report of the discussion on the subject - will be found elsewhere. ■ • , . ~r , -■ . A report of the proceedings Af the recent,Conference ;of shire delegates.in Melbourne has been published in the form of a pamphlet by M'Carron, Bird,' and Cos., Melbourne.-' The report ou'ght to-be very useful, especially as it contains the/sober,opinion of the public bodies interested in the closed roads question, which, has been .a favorite theme of tha . neok-or- nothing , politicians. . ” V ? ; Melbourne people have.been going into' ecstasies •over “ Dsnicheff,” and that play and f‘ Our American Cousin " are to be shortly presented;at the Academy . of.Music here, under-the auspices-of Mr W. S. Lyster, Whose coinpany: will present the plays as. given in Mel bourne. Mr W. J. Gites has received pictorial and typographical earnests of the Coming entertaiumeht',: -' '“HdWol'd Ballaratians regard the political situation' may be gathered from the -following extract , from a 'letter written by a gentleman for manyyears in a public position here, but now resident in another colony:— Touching the political degradation of Victoria, it is very painful to the real friends of true democracy- to learn the result of your recent elections, but I do not -sympathise with Sic James M’Gulloch one * bawbee.’ With him it is just his own chickens coming home to tbbst. 'He : is'just reaping whit he has sown. Let rygutf sem or eight ; years to th£ palmy days of * loyal liberaUjbiwffioomg.and tea: fights, the Darling gicaht rumpuSj-fitoiJßis contemptible truckling to sheer brute force and noise, the corrup tion in the Lands Department, Jto.- Ho-.then raised tFrankensteih’A-'ghost; and now the ghost grins and i-’kughs defifinpa atShim, and ‘sarve him .right.’ I too, Uiat he'-nsed Service badly; and he now finds himself out of service very much inconsequence of t what herthen did. My opinion of Sir James is, that he is selfish, cold-blooded, tyrannical; that he is the very worst Premier that' ever ruled Victoria, Qrahatn Berry, the prince of wind-bags, not excepted. I- ad mit-Sir J. ’s ability, and 1 admit Graham. B.’s im-. becility, though if their banking accounts were Just reversed, the contrast might npt appear so grvat as it .now.does... Be thiis.aa.it may, great talents, when con trolled by selfish ambitions and tyrannical instincts, may prove a curse’ rather than.a blessing to the world. I don’t suppose that if Sir J. knew my opinion of,him he would take it sufficiently to: heart to cause, him to commit suicide; nevertheless, I hold him as a public man in contempt.; And one strong reason for my feeling is, that be baa been the means of bringing Victoria into contempt. lam very sorry for some of .those- who have gone down in his sinking ship. Joseph Jones, than whom 1 don’t think there is a truer or abler politician .in the colony, has learned some of the vicissitudes of political life, and to think that he should have lost bis seat by one vote, it is galling. I have nothing to thank Joseph Jones for personally,’ for I never asked him for a favor but once, and that was simply to speak a good-word for me; 4 1 ...donto ; blame-him.. for not. speaking, the wprd,._but I thought he might have had the courtesy to answer my letter; but, as some six years have passed, I suppose I may consider it (the answer) barred by the Statute of Limitations. Anyhow, I believe him to be a thoroughly sterling politician, and a sterling honest man." /. 1 ; ? . . I ;: v ; Of Mr Berry’s feat. of political acrobatism the Kyneton Guardian ■ says:—“ It is sufficient to point -out that in the two leading-issues submitted ..to the country, the Premier and his colleagues, in their new born desire for moderation, intend to abandon the; verdict they succeeded in obtaining, and to allow the ‘ glorious victory achieved for the liberal cause’; to count, for absolutely nothing.” The Bacchus Marsh, Express is 1 more severe and says:—“Mrßerry has fairly run away. from a progressive land tax, and he implores his supporters, , under pain of being called' hot’ politicians, for. Heaven’s sake not to mention it. This is what we-expected; he would do. On the whole; the : leadership of the liberal party was never .inmore conservative..and incompetent hands than it is now, in bur opinion.” Tho Mount Alexander Mail on the other hand is of:opinion, that; “ the farther, he recedes from; the Reform League’ as- bis guide, and the'more he exercises that equitable spirit of tion the Aye dislikes, tho more speedily will his policy be written in the statute book.” - The Hon. Philip Russell moved, at the meeting of ;the Agricultural and Pastoral Society, on Saturday,. .that as,the colony had.been long ago proclaimed free from scab, :efforts should .be, made' to .obtain. the' removal of the:quarantine always enforced when afiask. are takeri into -Hew . South Wales. • It seems rather anomalous that Victoria) .m. clean now as Hew ,South Wales, should have Her atockquarantined (with no - "little expense) by the' latter,-while sheep, from r New, South Wales can cross the border and be travelled to any part of-the colony at'once. ‘ the dis cussion will .- be, found 'elsewhere,,by which it will be seen .that a strong deputation will interview the. Chief' Secretary upon the .subject on Thursday,- l?4th instant. ; - Sunday being the 50th anniversary of the Pope’s' accession to the:bishopric of Rome,- missa cantata was celebrated in the morning at St. Patrick’s Cathedral by Dean Moore. < In: accordance with a wish ex • pressed by O'Connor, about,' 500 ipeisons re ceived the Holy Communion in the morning. .' •A -hawker : named Morris Braseh, ; ' ! residing in Bal larat East, ; wbo had been suffering for some days pre viously from inflammation of the bowels, was taken, on Sunday afternoon to'the'Hospital. During the Journey, he grew {rapidly:-worse, and before the Hoa :: pital was reached he had expired. ' We have received-the June number of the Austra lian Journal, which contains, besides .the usual excel lent variety of letterpress, a piece of music.’ f : m - The r Illustrated, Australian' Hews for "June contains, amongst its illustrations, the portraits of the new Ministry,., but .some ,of the faces are ,by no means fl ittering presentments-of the honorable gentlemen; ; There:is)also’ ai view of-the: interior of- the- strong?: room in the Registrar of-Titles-office, and-a descrip tion of the construction of that great Vktoriam muni ment repository. ■ ' ’ ' A.t a., meeting of the Ballarat Football Club on Saturday afternoon, Mr Keenan was’eleoted captain,- and Mr E. Morey vice-captain of the club: \- Dexter, the winner of the Casterton Steeplechase, is 1 dead. '■ ■ ■' The Hamilton' folk' are thinking of forming a troop of cavalry. Wle regret' to hear that .-Mr Gray, baker, Eureka .street, is in a dangerous state; owing to W kick on the 1 head'receiyed" some few days - ago - from his -horse. Erysipelas supervened, and great anxiety exists as to the" result. Mr;; Gray’s -son; who-is with Messrs Thomas and Dimelow’s survey party in the Cape Otway ranges, has been sent for. Superintendent Nicholson of the Police Department is-, now; on a visit of inspection to-Ballarat. Both barracks and their occupants will be inspected. Its residents are apparently hopeful of the future of Sebastopol, for on Saturday Mr Hughes,-baker, pur chased-the National- Hotel and store, giving a fail price for the building.’ Houses in the borough have been in some instances almost unsaleable,- but-the in vestment of capital referred to shows, that a healthy spirit of confidence is still alive. i'. J ; - The population'.of,Viotoria;on.the 31st March last is estimated, according, to the quarterly'return of the Government. Statist, published in Friday nights’s Gazette, at-’843,877-' " ‘ : T - ’.’?. , The Argus states, that his Honor Mr Justice 'Stephen has resigned the ' Chancellorship iof the . Diocese of Melbourne, and the bishop has offered the appointment to Dr Hearn, who has accepted it. , - Mr R. Murray Smith has declined to accept a ban quet on the ground that his opinions led to his defeat.; He hopes that his .friends will be able to celebrate a. victory before very long. A report has been in circulation for some days tb: the effect that Sir James M'Culloch intended to retire from the position of leader of the Opposition, and the post was variously assigned to, Mr Kerferd and Mr Gillieei There is (says tho Telegraph) ho foundation, however, for the rumor, the late Premier having'lno knowledge of any such an arrangement. ■ ■ The Anglican Bishop of Ballarat preached 'on Sunday morning at ,St. Mark’s Church, Mount Clear, his, text being John hi., 5. *ln the, evening : he preached at St. John’s Church, Soldiers Hill, from Hebrews x., part of v, 9, “ He taketh away the first that be may establish the second.” i- : - . ' ; The bracing, spring-like weatheron Sunday afternoon ioduced a far larger number of persons than is usual at this season to.visit the lake and gardens. 'Ballarat.is filled with coursing visitors; and they helped to swell the throng. . The steamers were loaded, sailing boats packed, and rowing boats numerous, and the lake pre sented a brilliant and animated appearance. The “A B C Guido” for June contains-a mass of useful information for travellers. The pub Ushers of the “Guide,”Messrs Gordon and Qotch, lose no chance of improving their work. . , . .. . Passing into the Hall of Commerce, I (Melbourne, correspondent of tho Hamilton Spectator) find that your lato editor, Mr Kearney, has given “Men of the Time” si local habitation and a'name (over his office) ia that building. He informs, me he: has received great encouragement in his work from. the leading ; men of i Australia, whose biographies he will shortly publish: 1 - --i: , We (Standard) understand that there is every pro bability of the Rev. P. Cahill, of Learmonth, being appointed to succeed the Rev. G. A. C. limes, M.A., to' the incumbency, of : Christ Church, Maryborough. The congregation were led to believe that a minister from'Loudon would have been appointed,-but up.to the present no definite information on the subject has .been received .from him, and as the'BeV: Mr Innes 'will shortly leave, it is necessary to appoint a suc cessor at once. r . . 1 Th a Sazelte announces the following'appointments; —“ Mr Solomon . Mirls to be acting general overseer of locomotives and .workshops.- 1 Mr George Maxwell, surgeon, to be public vaccinator , for'Skipton, vice A- M. Elder deceased.” . 4, , Mr F. Linden, Reuter’s] agent, Melbourne, is gazetted Consul for Peru. , ' His Excellency the Governor has (says the Argus) received a telegram from Sir William Jervois stating that, having to visit Newcastle in order to inspect the defences of he and Colonel Soratchley will not be 'able. to reach Melbourne bn 9th June, as in-. . tended.' .They will, however, reach Wodohga on Monday, 11th June, and will be received there by tha Minister; of Mines, Major Smith, on behalf of'the Government,: Colonel Anderson, ; the colonel-corn ,'mandant, and Captain Stubbs, will also be'presant, .aiid puaaibly the Minister of Railways. The party .will be conveyed to town by special train..' The dispute at the railway station on Thursday, night, 31st ult., between Mr.Bromell, M.L.C., and Mr Kenwof thy, of Newtown, with respect to a greyhound, arose from a simple cause (says the Qe lmg Adver tiser). Mr John Heard, of the Barrabool H 18, acting for. Mr Ken worthy, sold a slut named My Lassie to the legislator for a certain sum of money, to be followed by the gift: of a pup. Owing to detention in the I country, Mr Heard was unable to come into Geelong '.!b3 Ifa- Keßffortby.ol-tho r jffwaw>y rithopgS Mr'Bromell bad given a upon to the firat-named gLntlmm railway station on Thursday night“ ft. claimed My Lassie and hence th o dUnjt, ri“w"“.r “ pU “ **£■ ■** J. a W lk™.| to been .bwS’S»«> Herald) respecting the probable d't;h ’ I 0 formation below Sydney. Mr Wilt: 01 , N the various geological theories upon th^V^ sl concludes that the coal seams mav bs m depth of from 600 feet to 1500 feet i°? est ’'M at a but the actual depth of the elevation «*? H ascertained definitely by survey and b • ba onl J commended that the Government thmlla 5- ?'»«• to bore for coal; but since the date of i.:„ UDlie 'bh work has been undertaken by a nrivit lhlt and will, Uo doubt, be more satisfactorily Of the want of police activity the taior writes as follows touching the ieweii. . f*- there:-—“ Mr Scott complainsbitterly 0 t the ”***! system evident in the management of the P r of partment. Although the robbery <vas about,!o oclock on-Monday night, heeijsthebV 4 hve Department was not made aware of it -..a* 10 o’clock on Tuesday night. Thus the ttT*' -thieves had any quantity of time allowed tW? get away from any part in the colony. This dt ° was, doubtless, owing to the absence of Richards, who . was away on a tour of in.nlr through the district of which he has chawt™!} shows the necessity of a superior officer stationed, here in addition to the Serjeant, that the latter should nob have travelled ’ J of_ town to inspect country stations. No officer being i present, in Hamilton when tha“‘ M i,i was committed, probably a message The constables,- one would have thousht ! nt have attended to this matter, but they !? ing their duty, which apparently wL to atSt Hamilton alone. But Mr Scott was still nnnoyed, on returning home on Friday, w 1 ' official information had been received at anv f stations between here and Melbourne nntilTh,ma evening. Surely there must be something nS wrong in the management ef the department wS in an important case like the one under notice . mation is not at once flashed along the wires to e™ portion.of the colony. With respect to having S cautioned by Sergeant Richards sis weeks ago toto careful of bis premises, Mr Scott positively denk that he ever was so warned, and says he has spoken to that officer for months. He thereto wishes that statement to be contradicted." V The Hadden Lodge of Good Temnlars held the first of a senes of free monthly entertainments on Tkr= Iday,- 31st May, in the Temperance-hall, Haddon Th, building was comfortably filled, from 2CO to 250 per sons being pr. sent. The chair was occupied hv Hr V ■ Boyd, G.W.V.T., supported -by Bt Binder. D D , an d BrVesey.-L.D. The programme consisted of read ings, recitations, and singing, Miss Pender ably pre siding at the harmonium. After a very enjoyable and lengthy programme, and a vote of thanks to Mia Pender, 1 the gentlemen assisting in the programme .and to the ,chairman, the meeting was brought to a close - by singing the Rational Anthem. We hat. reason to believe that a fresh impetus will be given to the;order in this locality, owing to the formation oi a new district for Grenville, for which Br Binder pi the above lodge, has been appointed district deputy. : Our advertising columns contain an announcement that Mr Coleman Jacobs’ entertainment next Friday is to take place in the Academy of Music instead of the Mechanics’. Institute, as the management exoect a very - large- audience on the occasion. The tickets are‘being rapidly disposed of and seats reserved, and altogether the; affair promises to be one of the most successful of the kind ever given in Ballarat Ths programme includes many gems, both vocal and instrumental, one item in the first part being a piano forte solo, a fantasia on Moore’s well-known Irish melody “ Oft in the stilly night," by little Miss Ada Willett, eight arid half years of age, who was to have .performed last .Friday at the Australian Mozart con "cert. Miss 'Kate Johnson will play the part of Katharine, and Mr Joseph Simmons that oi Petruchio, in the well-known play-of that name, and in the third .part Miss Johnson with Mr Coleman Jacobs will play ,a pianoforte duet from “Faust.” We hear that Mr Victor, sen., has lent his piano for the occasion, a 'splendid instrument by Lipp. The attendance in the balcony will; be large,- but Mr Gates will see that proper care is taken to' secure the comfort of seat holders.; - : ‘ The Government invite tenders for the purchase of 140 tons of scrap iron. Ratepayers who do not pay their rates on or before the 9th instant will be disfranchised. 