THE NUMBER SEVEN. When God created the world he rested on the. 7th day. There are 7 days in the week, 7 letters in the name of Jehovah, 7 syllables in the Mohammedan formula of prayer — la ill Allah ill Allah. Every one is familiar with the 7 fat and 7 lean kine; the 7 fruitful and 7 barren ears of corn, 7 years of plenty and 7 years of famine. Jacob served 7 years for Rachel, and was cheated with Leah, and served another 7 years, and received his reward. Seven days he was followed by Laban, his iatherm law. 'When Jacwb died his son Joseph lamented for him 7 days. Every 7th year the Israelites permitted their fields to remain idle and untilled ; this was called the ' Sabbatical .year.' At the seige of Jericho 7 priests, with 7 trumpets, wont round the walls of the city, and at the 7th blast the walls fell. Seven times ten years were the Israelites held captive in Babylon. Seven times ten Hebrew scholars trans lated the Old Testament into Greek for the Alexandrian Library. There were 7 times ten members of the High Council of Jeru salem. not counting the high priests. When Peter asked, ' Lord, how many times must I forgive my brother ; is it enough 7 times?' Jesus replied, ' I say unto you not 7, but seventy times 7.' ' A just man falleth 7 times and riseth up again,' — Prov. xxiv., 1G. ' When thine enemy speaketh fair, be lieve him not, for there tire 7 abominations in his heart.'— -Prov. xxiv., 25. There are 7 attributes of the Almighty, 7 gifts of the H0I3- Ghost, 7 psalms of penance, 7 suppli cations in the Lord's Prayer, 7 words of the cross; the Catholic Church has 7 sacra ments. There are 7 wounds of Christ on the cross. I11 Revalations there are 7 angels with 7 golden chalices, filled with divine wrath ; also 7 lamps with 7 flames are mentioned there. Who does not know of the ' 7 sleepers,' the 7 youthful Chris tian martyrs, who escaped in a cavern near Ephesus and fell asleep, and slumbered undisturbed for 200 years 1 There are 7 wonders of the world, 7 wise men of Greece. The Mohammedan's paradise, con tains 7 heavens. Rome has been governed by 7 kings, likewise Prussia, for the 7th is now Emperor Wilhelm. During the 7 years' war uuder Frederick II. history mentions 7 important battles. Tho war in Spain between the Carlists and Christians lasted 7 years. The Franco- Prussian war lasted 7 months, and the 7th Regiment was the first to distinguish itself. On the 28th (4 times 7) of September, 1S70, Strasbourg surrendered ; ou the 28th of October Metz, and on the 28tli of Janu ary, 1871 , Paris. Rome is built 011 7 hills ; so are Constantinople, Nuremberg, Ham burg and Lisbon. Ancient Thebes, also Athens, Bagdad and Morocco each had 7 gates. Seven cities claimed the honor of being Homer's birthplace. There were 7 steps leading to the tomb of Darius, the Persian king ; 7 steps to Solomon's throne ; 7 arms or branches to the lamp in the Tem oi e at Jerusalem ; 7 wicks in the per petual lamp (eternal flame) to the rites of the Greek Church. ,»ii ? ~\t ? 1 . 1 ? -r ? i.u„ rpi j lie river rme 11 as 1 muuuus. 7 Canary islands, 7 Ionian islands, 7 colours in the rainbow ; there, are 7 tones in the musical scale, 7 precious metals. Pleiades, one of the most beautiful constellations, numbers 7 stars. There are 7 cardinal virtues; three of these' are Faith, Hope, and Charity, 'and the greatest of those is Charity.' The Duke of Wellington has 7 marshal's staffs. The Pope is priest of 7 churches. The human head ha' 7 openings. The entrance to the celebrated dome at Cologne has / pillars set upon 7 pedestals surmounted by 7 statues. ? 