TOIImmgMM ^Mr.erfis.er Saturday, July 7, 1877. Tub impregnable citadel of the Upper House still remains and baffles tbe best efforts of the people in tbe country and their representatives in the Assembly. It is impossible to realise the signifi cance of the Upper House by looking at it per se as it stands at the 'head of Bourks? street. Its history stretches far back into the dim past of gubernatorial supremacy and nominee legislation. The electorate of wealth which it now repre sents grew up under the fostering care of class legislation. It represents a century of cruelty and plunder. The doubtful use it has made of its wealth has blasted the prospects of Victoria, and corrupted its Press and Its Parlia ment. It has frustrated all popular legislation and dummied the public domain. Vigorous and unscrupulous as it lias been, it-however could never have succeeded in its nefarious designs with out the active and unwearied complicity of Downing street. They went hand in hand, and the only two occasions on which human blood was ever shed in Victoria was by the hand of the bush ranger and the troops of Her Most Gracious Britannic Majesty. It may be unnecessary to say that in Australia alone of all the colonies of Great Britain has the mother country openly allied itself with that branch of the legislature which represents wealth and monopoly only, and in no other colony in the world has imperial interference been so grossly partial and so long endured. The incubus lias dispirited the boldest and tbe best amongst us, and revolution alone lias long been considered as the only ultimate solution of tbe difficulty. The first Legislative Council of Hew South Wales commenced its sittings in 1829, tbe proceedings were secret, and the Governor bad an absolute veto. From those times downwards many changes have crept over tlic spirit of the dream, but the nightmare still re mains. Only eighteen mouths ago the Acting Viceroy of Victoria most uncon stitutionally refused an appeal to the country, and what was the tangible, prac tical result? Over one million dummied acres to tire credit of tbe Upper 1-lonscand its electorate. Can it be forgotten that in days gone bv the same malign intlueiico raised the price of land in New South Wales to sncli an extent that, according to the evidence of Mr Kouekt Lowe, no poor man could obtain a homestead. The same power had sufficient influence to obtain the notorious Orders in Council from Downing street in 1847 handing over the fee simple of the colonies to the electorate of the Upper House. And only cn^y ars ago Mr Cardwell had the cons.i imate impudence to address the jj.e of tiiis colony and its legis lative institutions, and lecture them upon the blessings of free trade. At this moment no one can tell definitely what the functions of Her Britannic Majesty’s Viceroy in Victoria consist of. He gracefully spends a very handsome allowance, which the working classes of this colony cheerfully vote to him for impartially discharging those functions. He keeps up a strictly private and some what unconstitutional correspondence with his employers in Downing street with the exclusive object of furthering their interests. He takes stock of ns, so to speak, and recommends the judi cious investment of a knighthood now and again to catch a Fenian or a Pro tectionist. He makes large overdrafts upon the holiday loyalty of guests at public banquets, and plays the role ol Cousin Felix very agreeably. We know very well what be would do if be bad tbe ghost of a plea, because wo have seen his immediate acting predecessor so far trample upon the constitution as to choose a Ministry notoriously known to be in a minority in the country. The Governor is a pure cypher ip ordinary times, and, as we have seen, totally unable to adjust tbe political dead locks which must arise between the two Houses. The President of the United States is a real power, elected direct by tlie people and therefore independent not only of both Houses, but of every power on earth. He is, in fact, an elected monarch for.the time being, nnd so essential an element is •hat power In all governments tlmt w0 relieve no harmony will ever prevail in Victoria till an elective President has k'hii added to our political I'aln io. Turn njf now to the British ftonstiintimi, of which ours was intended to be a copy. Kin", Lords, and Commons rule in Ragland, but the Executive chosen by the Commons is virtually master of both the others. Her present Majesty re sented Peih/s interference in her selec tion of the ladies in waiting, hut the British Hi use of Commons, reluctantly no doubt, overruled Her Majesty. Again suppose the House of P ers hnd per sistently opposed household suffrage, what would Disraeli have done ? He would have created new peers sufficient to have outvoted the old ones. The House of Commons has the power to morrow, if it thought tit, to abolish the House of Peers by simply swamping it with new creations. It now comes to be asked, Is the constitution of Victoria a copy of the British one ? Nothing of the sort. The constitution of Victoria has no parallel in the world, and never had, except in a penal colony. There is no check upon our Upper House, and it never was intended that there should be, the framers carefully studying to make it totally independent of cither crown or people, because the oligarchy which framed it had often come into col lision with both, ft was maintained that it should still hold on by the nominee element, but milder counsels prevailed. Under the canopy of heaven this day there is not a more arrogant, soulless despotism than the Legislative Council of Victoria—inflexible, cruel, selfish. It, has confiscated a larger territory than that which changed hands at the battle of Hastings, and the men of Victoria let it go without a straggle ; nay, will stand liv and witness a perpetration of the swindle. We have shown with sufficient clearness that the constitution •under which we live is a poor, impotent, enmich, and that our first duty is to supplement and make good the defect. By what means it will he asked ? One word— plcbeseitum. -A new name only, because the institution is as old as history itself, although Sir C. G. Bum- says it is a protege of Napoleon HI. Even so late as the reign of Henry VIII. the succession of every new monarch to the. throne was publicly proclaimed at every market town in England, and challenge made to all objectors. Nomination day is theoretically the real day of election, when a show of hands is taken by the whole population, the poll is only a scrutiny. Again the public do not divest themselves of the legislative prerogative when they send a member to Parlia ment ; the theory according to Black stone is that the public simply vote by proxy. From time immemorial it lias been the practice in Switzerland to vote every measure in public meeting in the open air. Is it a fatal objection that the plcbeseitum was patronised by some in dividual. Can Sir Charles give us credit for so little sagacity as to look upon that as our argument. We say it is English to the backbone, fair, open, and above board, and even had it never been in existence we in Victoria can mnke it law. Universal suffrage . pre vails in Victoria, and the expression of the population in public meeting as sembled is law as much as if it had been embodied in an act of Parliament. Tin: chronic defect in our constitution neces sitates a remedy. That remedy is a plebeseitum, because the upper branch ol the legislature persistently rejects all overtures of compromise. It has seized upon the lands of this colony and tlr-ir minerals. Those are the stakes it plays for. Win all or lose all has ever been the plucky game of the squatter. The Upper House is the key of the position. Force, it to surrender, and the gold im mediately becomes the property of tlio miners and the lands the seed fields of the farmer. Population flows towards Victoria as it used to do, and national developments follow afterwards. Outlie other hand if we fall back upon the old use—methods of peace at any pi ice— another twenty years will sec our children denizens of the Victorian work houses. We have much pleasure in announcing to our patrons and readers that we have this week admitted Mr W. M. Clark as a partner in our firm. The large and rapidly increasing circulation of the Advertiser—especially in Footseray and Bray brook—combined with the growth of those districts, has rendered this step necessary. We cannot hut recognise that Hitherto we have not been able to give the attention, justice, and prominence to which those places arc undoubtedly entitled at our hands. Under the new regime, Mi Clark (the new partner) will take the entire ma nagement of the business in the districts we hare referred to ; and we feel as sured the public will in the future as in the prist reciprocate our efforts to do them justice. The change in the proprietorship will not in any way aflee the Liberal and progressive principles we have always enunciated; the pape will stiff continue to advocate ns hitherto with unflinching zeal the interests of the industrial population and that of the colony in general. Captain l’anter has resigned his command of the Oerbcrus. The resignation will be accepted either to-day or on Monday. We understand that the appointment will be conferred on a colonial officer, and sincerely hope it may; we have had quite enough of “ importations.” The royal mail steamer Bangalore will sail with the home mail on Tuesday afternoon next from the Dock wharf, Williamstown, at the usual hour. The time at which the box will close at Williamstown for newspapers and letters appears in the second page. Yesterday a man named John Jones was | arrested by tiie Footseray police for having j deserted his wife. It appears that the gentle female in question is for her own comfert too well known in the district and has some forty two convictions recorded against her at the local courts. Tlio husband seems to have tired of her youthful exuberance and wan dered. He will be brought before tlie bench this morning. An inquest was held yesterday afternoon at tlie Prince Albert Hotel, Douglas- parade, on the remains of a newly born infant named Shields. As the mother was in too weak a state to attend, the case was adjourned to the 18th inst., in order to procure her evidence. It is with regret we have to record the serious illness of Mr Hall, station- master at Footseray. The gen tleman has been confined to his bed since Saturday last, and has on several occasions since that time been con sidered to be in a very precarious state by his medical advisers. The illness of which Mr Hall suffers is the effects of a severe cold going on the brain. A relieving station master is, wo believe, to be stationed fro® <Vn accident occurred at the Napier-street crossing on the railway at Footway on fatarday night last, which (had .t not been f0. he ^nartne,, of the umciab) might have teen the cause of con- crahle lo* oflife, together with esten-.ve monetary claims made on the ailwa.v Department. A wse. which was drawing a heavy load or timber, was about to cross the line at the 1 -e above-named, when it stumbled, and fill' right across the line. The it p.m. train from Williamstown was within four minutes [ i,ei„(r due, and this obstruction lay across U,emails. Gatekeeper Booth having per Jivcii the accident,informed the officers on tile station and porters Green and .Scott, who wUh others got the horse, dray, ami load re rod -is soon as possible. In the meantime Mr Booth bad the danger signal posted, which is more than a quarter of a mile from Ins \tes Had the train managed to get on to il'ie incline it is questionable whether a s.-rious accident could have been averted ; therefore, the credit due to the above-men tioned officers is unspeakable. -3 The line new State school erected by the Government in Hydc-street, Footseray, was opened for the first- time on Tuesday morning without any of the ceremony usual on such occasions. Mr McLean from the Collins street Grammar school took charge, and it is understood that he will receive the perma nent appointment, as head master. As he is n gentleman of wide experience and un- | doubted ability, his presence will prove an j acquisition to those under him. There were oniv ISO pupils present on the opening day it was not generally known when that event was to take place. The building which is large and cemtnodious is capable of con- ; taining double the number, and it is expected that in a short time the attendance will fully occupy the accomodation. At die half-yearly meeting of the Wil lianisiown Tent, I.O.R., the . following brethren were elected to office:—C.R., T. Haslam; D.K., J.- Forbes ; secretary, Stephen Bvrne: P.C.R., A. W. Hiek ; treasurer, C. Grubb ; M.S., J. S. Davidson ; W.S., E. Pitt; L.. IV. Salt: G., T. E. Baker: auditors, J. S. Davidson and J. James; superintendents ot Juvenile Tents, A. Heir and T. Haslam ; re presentative on Dispensary Committee, T. At the usual fortnightly meeting of the Footseray Mutual Improvement Society which will be held on Monday evening next, the president, the Rev. D. M’Kenzic, will lecture on “ Oliver Cromwell and his Times.” We are requested to state that all persons desirous of hearing this really exc ellent lec ture are invited to attend. There is no foundation whatever for the report which has been so industriously cir culated that the chief engineer of the Cirirnts had tendered his resignation. A short but interesting debate took place in Parliament on Wednesday last upon the subject, of enclosed roads. The Minister of Lands stated that the Government would refuse absolutely to grant permission to erect swing gates. This decision will give great satisfaction, and will compel the large land holders of the colony to carry out the law and throw all roads open, as provided by the 3i)9th clause of the Local Government Act. The seventh match for the scratch trophy and money prizes in connection with the Williamstown Rifle Club takes place to-day at the local butts, The Rev. John Clark, of the Presbyterian Church, Williamstown, was presented at the Town IIall, Hotltam, on Tuesday- evening Ian. with a purse containing twenty sove reigns, and a handsome gold broach to Mrs. Clark. The occasion was a ‘soiree given by Hie members of the United Presbyterian Church in that suburb, to welcome their new pastor, the Rev. Dr Gilchrist, at which some six hundred people were present. Mr Bur rell, one of the managing committee, highly complimented Mr Clark for his past services to the congregation of which be was the mouth-piece, and handed him the present. The less valuable gift was from the ladies. Mi- Clark made a suitable reply. Lieutenant G. P. Tandy, having been ap pointed first lieutenant and gunnery officer of the Cerberus, began his duties on Wednes day morning last. The vessel on Thursday morning steamed to her moorings in the Bay from die Dock wharf to give place to the Jlanyalore. The steam-steering apparatus was not used, as it is still incompleted. It will probably- be finished in eight or ten days. A deputation from the Council of Wynd ham urged their claims to a share in the re venue derived from the toll on the Swamp road before the Minister of Railways on Thursday last; The Councils of Footseray and liraybrook were also represented and raised objections to the application from Vyiiham. The Commissioner replied that the money- collected did not maintain the road in repair, and consequently he could not comply with the request. The two new boggie locomotive engines imported from the United States have been landed from the Colorado, and will shortly he seen running on the Victorian lines. Yniraville is already on the Municipal war trail. A preliminary meeting was held on Monday night in the Methodist Chapel, to tclect three braves to take the path, hut as only two were present to address the audi ence it was resolved to adjourn the meeting until Monday next, when all candidates for the honor would be invited to attend. One of the oldest residents of Williams town named Whitmore died suddenly at the Loyal Hotel on Saturday last. In the course o£ the ferenoon he went to the bar, and ap peared to be in his usual health, talking and laughing to those whom he met there. About twelve o'clock he was seen in the back yard 1,1 a kneeling position. He was then believed to ha only tipsy, and his condition did not uull for any special attention. Some time afterwards he was observed by Mr De Wardt lying on his face in the yard, and 011 calling ui a medical gentleman he was pronounced to be* dead. His body was conveyed to the morgue, and oil Monday an inquest was held at the ltoyal Hotel. Dr Figg made ihv post mortem, examination, and in liis evidence stated that there was the remains of a cist on the right kidney, but he could not de cidedly affirm the immediate cause of death. Hie deceased was occasionally subject to' epileptic fits. lie was about fifty- years of age. nml had been a resident of the town for nearly thirty years, haring come io the colony ftom the county Wexford, Ireland. Erom the llalhtrat Post we clip the fol lowing :—“ \Ve heard a good story the other ‘lay as 10 how the Major began the reform of Hw Education Department. The scene is laid in the lion. Minister's sanctum sauc iornni, when io him enters a clerk of the de partment bearing several appointments for ratification. The clerk standing by-, the ^lajor addressed him with ; You need not ’’■'ait; I wish to look over these appoint ment j.'and.wben I want you I will call.’ 'Oh,' ouoth the clerk, ‘ 'tis not customary for the Minister to overlook the appointments ; he merely initials them as a matter of form.’ With a bland smile, such as that assumed by ■Iritz,' the lion, and gallant Major asked ‘ l»k dat so ? ’ and then added, ‘ Well, in future I’ll make the appointmeats, and yon fwi initial them.’ That clerk cleared. The Trafalgar Lodge of the Ancient Order of Druids, Williumstown, celebrated their tenth anniversary by a ball which was held in the old Wesleyan Church, Ann-strcet. on Wednesday evening last. There were about 100 prescut, who danced to the music of -Mr Smyth's band till liali-past live o'clock on Tours lay morning. The event was con sidered to be highly successful. At the half-yearly meeting of the Loyal Gellibrand Lodge, U.U.I.O.O.F., Williams town, the following oflicebears were elected : —P.G. Balaam, N.G. ; Bro. Eustace, V.G.; Bro. Dohney, secretary; and P.S. Stinton, and P.S. Logon, and Bro. Homewood, audi The following ofnee-bearers were at the half-yearly meeting of the A.O.F.. Court Williainstown, elected for the ensuing six months :—0.11.. Bro. W. Harold Browne, P.C.R. (for a second term in token of the esteem of the brethren and their appreciation of his energy and services) ; S.C.li.. Bro. C. Farmer, jun.; S.W., Bro. J. G. Clarke, S.C.R.; J.W., Bro. J. Scott, P.S.C.R.; S.B., Bro. J. Jones, jun. ; J.B., Bro. J. Jones, sen. ; court treasurer. Bro. W. Lockwood, P.C.R. (who has for several years occupied the position) ; Bros. W. H. Browne and It. Wright, P.S.C.R., were re-elected delegates to the committee of management of the Friendly Societies Dis pensary. The court is rapidly gaining ground by the accession to its ranks of several new, yonng, and promising members, and is in a most flourishing condition. The ordinary monthly meeting of the Braybrook Council will be held to day at the usual hour. A communication has been sent ns from Wyndbam respecting the antecedents of the man O'Neill charged with the murder of his mother at Maidstone, but as the case is sub jvdicc we refrain from giving it publicity at present. The Hon. the Treasurer, in reply to Mr A. T. Clark in the Assembly on Tuesday even ing last, intimated that the Government will make suitable provision for the wifes and families of the five men belonging to the Victoria who’ were drowned on the 22nd of April while away from the ship on boat The Naval Reserve were taken on board the JVclson on Monday last for the ordinary quarterly drill. The men numbering 160, under the command of Captain Fullarton and Sub-Lieutenants Dennis and Robertson, were exercised in the various broadside gun drills, acquitting themselves in a highly satisfactory manner. They embarked at nine o’clock in the morning and landed at- ten minutes to six in the evening after an excel lent day’s work. We are informed that the Government have decided to give compensation to all those employes of the Public Works Depart ment who have been either transferred to the Trust or removed in consequence of the late changes brought about by the establish ment of that body. Mr Tucker on Wednesday in the Assembly called the attention of the Chief Secretary to the Juries Statute of 1S7G. Mr Berry said that it was the intention of the Government to bring in an Amending Bill. This decision will be hailed with pleasure, especially by newspaper proprietors (ourselves amongst the number), as there will then be a possi bility of getting something like a fair trial, which is absolutely impossible under the present law, as juries now are drawn from the. extremely limited and intensely respect able portion of the community. On the motion of Mr Macpherson, all the papers aucl correspondence relative to Lieu tenant. Tandy’s appointment to the Cerberus will be laid upon the table of Parliament next week. It is rumonred that the hou. member intends testing the opinion of the House upon the matter. At the last meeting of Hie Harbour Trust a letter was received from the Railway De partment asking that a dredge might be sent to clear the silt away from the site of the new railway pier, Williarastown. A reply was ordered to be sent stating that the work would he undertaken by the Trust when 1 they were able to do it. It may not be im pertinent to ask when that happy period will be likely to arrive. If you want a Costume at a reasonable price, without the worry ” of Dressmakers, call at Edwin Geach’s, Ml) and 151 Bourke street (opposite Eastern Arcade), and inspect his STOCK, where you can be suited from 12s lid to Sis. Patterns' by post. N.B.— Sewing Machines of all kinds on Sale ; also Bought, Exchanged, and Repaired. It has always been a matter of serious im portance to Ladies where to buy outfits for themselves and children at a >easonable price and short notice ; but this difficulty has disappeared in the fact that the well and favourably known Costumier, Ladies’ Under clothing, and Baby Linen Manufacturer, Mas Dohgan, has opened an extensive establish ment at No. 135 Bourke Street East, Mel bourne, which is devoted exclusively to Ladies’ and Children’s Goods, of which she has the largest stock in Victoria. Note the address—135 Bonrko Street, East, Melbourne. 