5 LOOK 'I'0 YOUR NOSE.'" . Tounts Is a "very common expression, but t.lhere is more in 1h than at first meets the eye. Noseology is a neglected science. Dr. Watts wrete- " The mindg's the standard of the man." Nl,,seohciats bdive a different idea. Their grent. opootle. Mr. Sloano, thought thet the nose is thie true needle to oaint to the load .tone of heart and mindihllke. It is the most prominent tutcome of the inner nature. It attacihes to itself all the mental superiority of the human cosmogony. - . Thei varieties of noses are legion-the shades of difference are multifarious, even in Dases with a like general outline. These differences' are perceptible, yet in many casees so faintly so thtat one would almost need to go into logarithms to estimate precisely. The contour of the face affects noses greatly, antd' a like pattern of nose on a fair man presents a difference of appearance spen a dark; and on fair and dark alike the weather, worry, or saickuens eakes a wonderful altetation. Into the niiulica of noses, howeve r, there is little need to enter, as most olbservers can take stock of them after a description of the four generio types. As the study progresses the types can be divilded and subdlyided accord. tag to the keenness of.the obearvation of the reader. The generia order of noses is herb put thus: 1\. Thie Pug. 2\. The Rtnan.. 3\. Toe Grecian. 4\. Toe Grecian, or CompositFe Order. The ptg nose, pur el simple, it will readily be admitted by all-except, perhaps, its possesosor-is by no uneoans an attradtive feature in the face, especially if the .upward curve starts about a third of ihd distance from whence the organ is eliminated from th, forehead. There are pug:noses, especially in Irishlmen, if not tto much elevated skyward which are not without humour if they happen to be set off with tainkling bite or light grey eyes; butt if the "diamonds" at each' side are not expresutve, 'the pug.nose is almost next to repulsive. As a trule, from a pug nose suppleinentary to an opaque face, the writer instinctively recoils. Tho 'owner of tihe common pug is seldom a brilliant indi vidual, but if he happens to'possess talents it may almost be accepted as an axiomthat ho is overbearing. Not~' uunfrequently 'he is laborious, anxious to learn,.but tarely' ca, get further thi'an'an inconsequential sneer. The common pug has something like tile ferocity of thie bull-dog about it, with the vacillating nature of the pitg in the canino species. The owner of the uncommon pug by no means bears so bad a ctharacter. There is something more intellecttial 'about 'him, although it is said bynoseologists tliat he is a combinatidn between a piizefighter sad a drunken politician,: arid it would go against thie grain to declare that "-no ono withan uncommonupug nose could be either a sculptor, a poet, or a painter.'' Re tccent listoryhas told us very differently ' The common Roman. nose islheld in little repute by those who are attmrptiog to revive this unhappily neglected solence of noscology. From the bridge it is roiunded off to the tip. If not strongly marked after. the fashion of the late Iron Duke, thle mind is.notof the hiighest order, it barely rises above mediocrity (thle :man owner of the nose, it sholsuld be understood), audbedizens itself on breastand fingers with gaudy jelovels. The uncommon Roman nose is altogether of a differint calibre. There -is a something about it which must assert itself if culture has been added to the proboscis. It is a kind'of nose which over comes all opposition, which has enabled men to conquer mortil achievements-" to mould the world to their will." Notably, touse Sloaeno's words in our own century, Napoleon and VWellisigton were in thie possession of sucis ores.- " Napoleon Ikncow the secrets of noseology, ihe knew what advantnges there were ina good Roman nose. He selected his generals, and put them into places of trust and confidence by thie lengthl andlheighlt of their noses. The lDuke of Wellington, oele of the most illustrious of waftiors in timoes ancient or modern,had a strikingly remark able Roman nose. By this nose he cnquered Napoleon, and in that noses saved. Britain from becoming a province of France.- IMa3' asho ever have such a nose in emergencies," and so on. The Grecian nose, pstraighlter than the Roman, lacksthel fiery energy. It is more clharantoristic of amiability and refinement. It indicates passion, too, but its real passion means not the sword or thle spear, but the lute of Apollo and the brush ofei Apolles. Byroi fought and died for that nose, yet still the cup of Samian wine needs to be swallowed under protest. Baut it is a comfort to tlinok that there are other noses niot so bad ias the pug, nor so valiant as thie Roman, nor quite so refined as the Grecian, but possessing in a mixed degree the best qualities of all, guided by a wise discretion. This in noseology is called tihe Coli.osito nose, and it is the sort that is generally met with in tihe streets. "Itshould run in a direct angle," woearo told, from thie forehead, should be straight, regular, and of a good size. " Facts prove asd Oircumstance?s confirm that this order is suited for attaining eminenco in any of thie arts and sciences, in the senate, or the bar, in commerce or in agricultlre." The toloer's nose speaks for itself. Itis not by any means comenly, but there is a certaoin amzount of jollity abost it which even Sir Wilfrid Lawsoen could socacely fail to appreciato in presence of the owner. It bespeaks sack mnore than solid. Flat noses arsa held in less esteem by noseologists tlhan any other pattern. It is argued that the flatness of the nose indicates Ilatness of meind, and that no nation of flat noses have ever made ltheir way upon the escrth. So far as what we understand by eivilisation, this idea cannot be satisfactorily disputed. It neods no ghost from the grave to tell that Iookeld mose i behind whichi is set thie keen nyu belongs to tihe race of the Father of the Faithlful--that race which, enduring muchb contnomely and cruol perseoution through long ceonturies, preserveedl Ihrougl all is toils, trials, and ebonking sufferings in acsume. lacting that poworful agency c?Iled luore to sunh an amount that it may ulmost safely be said to esle the world. Sisno has a wonderful appreciation of this nose. He io more .eloquent about it than of any of the otheors, tacing it from a posuniary stand. poilt. tHe asks wherore he ho Plharaohs, ,uA then says, " That nose whioh toiled and serziued under thebo whip of a task-master still ,.,i5s in all its hooked rotundity, as large au1as nwell defined as ever, whilst the nasal orus ol the oppressor has vanished, and no wh~oye exists save in the remains of its ssulptule." painter, wheon he first sees a baby eat ,5Ilebarry pie, begins to comprehend how Ia is theposroc of his art. 