INTEREST ON BORROWED MONEY ARE OUÏ readers generally aware of the amount of interest they have to pay yearly at the present time oil money borrowed for " public works ?" In November last it amounted to £89,839. and to this must be added £32,500 for that piece of superlative folly—the so-called Main Line Railway, making a total of £122,339, which is more than a pound per head for every man woman and child, or £6 a head for every male adult, or £1.0 a head for every real worker gaining the livelihood of himself and his family. And -what is to be shown for this enormous debt on a colony that numbers little over one hundred thousand souls ? We appeal to the common sense of thinking men if there is scarcely a ghost of return for this wanton expenditure. And if Government were entrusted with another half million of money it would as certainly be •wasted as that which has already been so prodigally squandered without any appreciable equivalent to the community. Successive Ministries have professed they did not know where to turn to for means to make both ends meet, and the taxation of the man who lias to depend on the toil of his hands is very severe. It is taxation that drives such away from a country, as may be seen at the present moment by the experience of the two conterminous colonies of Victoria and New South Wales. The population is flocking from the former to the latter at such a rate as to disarrange for the time the healthy relations of labor, as respects demand and supply. How trifling would have been the taxes had not those who had the power madly rushed the colony into debt, which never will and never can yield any adequate compensation. Tt is mockery to talk of " reproductive works," which produce nothing, not even a price of interest in the hundred pounds. We have in previous articles enumerated some of the items of expenditure in this colony, which, as far as the benefit of Tasmania is concerned, might as well have been sunk in the sea like the first cable. The item for fortifications, arms, and ammunition, is given at £18,187, and that for the maintenance of volunteers £26,080, together £44,267, and in this year of grace the colony is wholly left -without the shadow of defence. The .most that can be done is to improvise a dozen meu to fire a salute on a gala day ; and this is a fair specimen of the way in which nrnch hard cash has gone. It is no wonder that the following stanza was acclimatised, and became so popular among colonial children some tune ago :— Up and down the City Koad, In and out the Eagle, That's the way the money goes, Pop goes the weasel. If a calm survey of the country for the last twenty years be taken, it will be found that nearly all the improvements necessary or useful have been effected by local bodies. The works have been executed, as a whole, economically and well, because the persów to be benefited contributed a share of the cost, and incurred the responsibility of borrowing where money was taken up. The banks have been liberal in aftording temporary assistance to municipalities and road trusts, and the various districts are quite equal to providing for themselves all they require in the way of roads and bridges, breakwaters, and so forth, aided by the liberal legal contributions from the general revenue, to which they are entitled Let public works that aro desirable and useful be promoted to the utmost extent by those immediately interested, and within the scope of their ability, and we shall have pernianet and useful improvements executed to the extent and of the nature required But the manner iu which the £100,000 borrowed some years ago for " reproductive works " were misapplied, and it is said a lar<*e part unaccounted for, should prevent a repetition of folly so terribly expensive, and from which the country is still suffering, and must continue to sufler till by an effort and sacrifice the debt is paid off. The mining interest is placed at great disadvantage from the want of roads, culverts, and bridges, but if the revenue were collected as it ought to have been many months ago, and a moiety allowed for such works, organisations would have been formed and the improvements effected. But the Government instead of helping with the resources in hand from the gold fields and tin mines, has stood in the way, and really obstructed operations. The statute book contains many Acts passed for the promotion of public works on a sound and safe basis, and fully adequate to the wants of the colony, but the Government will not put them in force. There is the 34 Vict., No. 10, which secures one half the purchase money of lands for the construction of roads, and not only that but provides that yearly the fourth part of the revenue received from rent and license fees shall be set aijart and form a fund for the construction of roads and bridges, tramways, jetties, wharves, and breakwaters. Again by 36 Vict. No. 18, if a loan is required to effect such objects, the money can be borrowed at three per cent, from the Government. Aii Amending Act 37 Yict. No. 21, provides for the formation of districts, and fixes the scale and mode of voting. There is thus every facility and material help offered to those who are disposed to help themselves. But if persons will act the part of the foolish little buy and cry for the moon, they may expect to be disappointed.- There is no other way to prosperity for States and nations than for individuals. If the latter anticipate their income and mortgage their estates in order to squander foolishly, invest recklessly and without regard to tlieir resources, ruin is inevitable. So a State that follows the same course must experience a similar fate. A wise and prudent man will make improvements, and extend his possessions according to his means ; and if he borrow for a special object, lie will never rest satisfied till the obligation is cancelled, and his estate again free from incumbrance. A few such have contracted debts, and benefited by the operation ; but a large proportion of borrowers have placed a heavy burden oil their backs for life, and cee.ily regretted they ever pawned tlieir acres. A still larger proportion have lost their freeholds altogether, and their fancied improvements have sunk into ruin. It should never be forgotten that Rome was not built m a day : it was first of mud, and then of brick, and then of marble ; and Tasmania cannot by any amount of expenditure however lavish, attain to a condition which only time and local eftort can accomplish. 