\- J , State School Lectures, MEMORY. : Lecturing on this subject before his Spring . street audience on Saturday, . Mr T. P. Hill asserted that whatever covered the field of concioueneee covered the field of' that yvon- deriul faculty of the human mind known as memory. No faculty was more susceptible of cultivation. When men took ...into con sideration the great and permanent ad vantages to be derived from it in ovory department of social, commercial, in tellectual, and religious life, It became matter of astonishment that it was not more heeded and cared for. Deprived of memoiy, man would become a blank iu creation. Nothing would remain for him — " But vacancy absorbing spoco Aad flxedness— without a place. Tboro would bo no st&is; — no oorth — no time— No check, no change — no good— no crimo — . But sllonco, and a attrloss broath j Which neither lfl of llfo nor death ; A soa of stagnant Idlcnoss, Blind, boundlcM, uiuto and motionless." The records of tbo post ; all that they had rend concerning the rise and fall of empires; the heavens and the oarth, and tho water under the earth; tho Book of Providence and the Book of God — all were folded up in the volume of memory. The ancients understood tho importance of memory. At Athens, a statue was ereoted in honor of MnemoByne, the Goddess of Memory and the Mother of the Mnses, The sacred well and throne near the Trophonian Oracle were known to ell students. The memory of the ancients w&b; great, Dinsus could repeat the whole of Homer. Sallust knew all tho orations of Demos thenes. Gyrus could name every officer nnd soldier in hiB vast armies. As a proof of what he could do, Hortonsius mado a wager that he wonld attend a sale, and, without taking a single note, would, immediately it was over, repeat the price at whioh cacli article had been sold, the natnre of tho niticle, BDd the name of the ' bidder. The task was performed accurately, Portins LnrtiuB, Themistocles, Giccro, aud many other men of an elder day were possessed of cultivated memories compared with which men in tho year 1877 were pigmies. The fact was that before the invention of printing, public men wero compelled, by the very necessity of 'the case, to improve nnd strengthen their memories by observation, analogy, and original thought. It was not enough to have books, or to know whore to read np for information as they wanted it. Practical wisdom for the pnrposes of life re quired to bo carried about and utilised, Memory grow with the growth of the body ; strengthened with youth ; and ripened in manhood. Tho contemporary of animal energy, it was the first of the mental facul ties to betray the incipient decay of the vital force ; the grey head, the impaired sight, the wrinkled brow, tho trembling limb, and tho fnding memory, told of the approach of that last stage in life's eventful history, when, in the language of Bbakespere, they wero constrained to exclaim : — " Out ! out, brief candlo ! Life's but a walking shadow ; a poor player That struts aud frets his hour upon the itogo, And then Is heard no moro." , Whatever entered tho mind by tho door way of sensation, memory marked, recorded, and, when called upon, reproduced, Thus they recollected one thing by means of another, namely, by association. Things impressed together, or repeated together, in the order of time and place aud sequence, rose np in the memory together. Tho lives of mc-n wero composed of two states of consciousness, namely, Sensations and ideas. SeDeatiocB and ideas were always related to each other. The idea of the common hang man and the rope were associated together. '1 he idea of G. V. Brooke, and the idea of Othello, in tho impersonation of which character he was unrivalled, were associated together, A' broad-brimmed hat suggested a quuker ; a red coat, a soldier ; a black suit and a whito tic, a olergyman. If parents would ponder over those evil communications which they wero lutd cor rupted good muriucto, and would, think of tho Importance of -early association 8 affecting tho future welfare,. arid fiappinoss of their children, many of the most pernicious and absurd errors of iho day might be avoided. Lccke, in his Essay on tho Human Under standing, had - observed " Ideas, that in themselves are not at all of kin come to be so united in some men's minds that it. is very hard to separate them. They always keep in company ; and the one no Eooner at one time comes into the undor- nmtfncr frhun ito ncqncitn annears with it. Thus the ideas of ghosts- and goblins have really no more to do with darkness than with light. Yet, let but a foolish maidservant inculcate this often in the mind of a child aud raise them there together, possibly lie shaltnever be able to separate them again ns long' as be lives, but darkness shall ever aflcr biing with it tlmse frightful ideas, and they shall bo bo joined that he cau no moro bear the one -than the other," There was food for thought in that, Let them take another illustration. Some persona had what was called an antipathy to a spider, a toad, a rut, or a mouse, l'ho idea of danger had on some occasions been so great iu connection with the sight or touch i f the animal that the association connected between them could uot ba dissolved, Tho sensation excited the idea and produced the uneasiness which the idta imparted. Again, u some persons who had undergone a painful operation conld never afterwards bear the sight of tho operator, however- strong the gratltado they might entertain for bis skill and success. Tho sight of the operator, by a Btrong association, called up: so vividly the idea of tho pain of the operation, that it was itself a pain. Tho Bpot on whioh a man parted hom a yaluod ' friend when he embarked ou tho voyage from which ho was destined never to return, could riot afterwards be witnessed without recalling ail the associations of the scene. Time weakened,- but never destroyed sensation. After a variety of other illustrations, Mr Hill CRlied the serious attention of the tL-achera to the tremendous power utid influ ence of memory. The moment a man com mitted a crime that, instant, God's constable took the criminal into custody. No writer on (hp face of the earth had made this fact, .'more patent thau Shaktpeare. Mnobcdi muidcrcd Du'ucatt, Ring of Scotland. Tbe .bicod wns no Boonor on his guilty hnnd than the nil' -was peopled with voices proolniruing the malefaction. From that hour he was on- the inclined plane whioh led to destruction. Tho golden rigol was on his brew, but the vulture was' at bis heart. After life's fitful fever Duncan slept well. — Not- so the guilty Thane, In roatlees ecslncy -ho tossed nightly on his bed. Orimo was with remorse, aud remorse was with ruin. Memory, witli Shnkcspo.ire, ivaa what tho sun was to the planetary system. It was tho beginning, the middle, and the end. Tho light was on tbe just and the-unjust. Lot him, tbo lectuter, give them a powerful illustration of what ho deBired to convoy. A committed a murder. Object, £20.000. Midnight. No ono but the murderer ou the spot. Tho deed committed. Tho plunder obtained. K!ca;ie made. London, Paris, Itome, Vienna, Brussels; Wine, women, dis sipation. What was that which soared slum ber from the murderer's eyc3 1 The victim stood before him. Ho was in tho iron grasp of memory. Tho present pursued tho mur derer. The future awaited him. Maohoth had murdered sleep; nud, there fore, Macbeth should sleep no more. That was riiemory ; that was conscience ; that was. iho worm that died not, and tbe fire that was notquenohed; that was HELL, Bksied, therefore, was tho mau whusu memory wins his friend. If they wanted to understand what comcienoo and inonaory really meant, lot them road, murk, learn anil inwurdiy digest Mnebeth'H irroracdinblocrimo, bin consequent rouiorso, and hie final ruin. Memory was thu witness that would go into the box of that Great High Ooujt of Ju3tioj where many of the judgements of the courts below would be revoiwd, A clumsy' man with big foot ia the biggest lii, in wrecker a lady knows ot. 