EVENING SEDERUNT. . The Council met again in the evening at half- past seven o'clock — the Hon.- Lord , Moncreiff; ' the Lord Justice-Clerk;1 in the chair. The galleries of the hall were crowded to overflowing, and there was a large attendance of members. The Council engaged in devotional exercises, which were conducted by the Rev. Dir. Mac- Cregor, of St. Cnthbert's, Edinburgh.' Lord Moncreiff, who was received with loud applause, then rose and said — Gentlemen, before I commence the few observations which I shall make in discharge of my duty to-nignt, allow me to express the great gratification and pride that I feel in having had the honour of taking the chair to-night. Attached as I am by hereditary ties and earliest associations--(applanse) — to the Presbyterian forms of polity and doctrine, I have found all the experience I have obtained in after life — and all that I have been able to read and observe — deeply to confirm the impressions of the early lessons which I received—' (applause) — and it certainly is a matter of the greatest gratification to me, though I have not been able to take as much part in this interesting gather ing that I would have wished to have done by the associations that I cannot avoid elsewhere, to notice the proceedings of the Council. I look with the greatest interest upon this remarkable gathering in the capital of Scotland, which has, I think,- for our friends from a distance, some associations, /conditions, and history that can hardly fail to be interesting to - them. - (Applause. ) The first remark that I make is that we are here in no controversial spirit. (Applause;) We: are here in the spirit of. brotherhood of- mutual- sympathy and mutual' respect. Presbyterian communities, like all other communities, have their own distinctive sections, their own pro nounced opinions, their own subjects of difficulty and difference. Here , they are all laid aside, .and' we meet together for the purpose of union and' fco-operation respecting 'even differences, which, -though they may exist among us, cannot separate - those who are one in object and in heart. We hold out the right hand of. fellowship to the strangers that have come to visit us, and I trust that their recep tion here will leave a warm and kindly recol- lection behind.' (Applause.) We hold out ' the right hand of fellowship evento those who do not belong to. the Chnrch to which we are attached. In the same spirit which has brought from all ends of the :earth -our. friends here we offer sympathy, cordiality, and co-operation to all evangelical Churches under whatever name they may go and whatever name they may. profess, who are willing to sympathise with ancl to co operate in- the object which we all have in view. I think this- conference— the gathering together: of- representatives from the Presbyterian.. Churches. -of the . world— is well timed- in .the present juncture, of religious opinion and belief. There are those who look with some despondency, and with some apprehension and: foreboding upon the state of mind and opinion throughout the world. It is no doubt an age of very bold inquiry, and .bold challenge of many, truths that have hitherto been generally accepted. It.is an age when, many old, forgotten dogmas are revived, and many received truths are decried 'or derided ; and.it may. be thought that this Presbyterian Convocation of - ours is somewhat in the shade, in its more homely garb, beside the more florid theories that are growing around us, and are continually meeting us in the world... I do. not think, so. I. have no- - apprehension of. the tendencies of the present age.. It -seems to me that, as far-as one can, attempt to read the prognostics of the future, they, are not im.tho least discouraging, ,but quite the reverse;.. It, no doubt, is an age.of inquiry and bold speculation,, but it. is out of such, bold speculations— out of the contest of opinion that; in the end, all ramparts, which defend the truth are made. (Applause.) It'.is as ordinary as. the cycle of the seasons— to enjoy the fruits of past labour and forget this steps by which they were gained — is the ordinary tend ency of humanity. We are hearing a great deal of the doctrines of evolution and reversion. If there is a tendency to evolution,- there is also a tendency- to reversion — the same tendency as that by which, after all the labour has been, expended on a field by the agriculturist, if it be neglected for a time, or if the seasons are un favourable, it has .a tendency to go back to its former condition. . So, with all' organisations- and states of opinion, it will be found that the tendency of reversion is quite as strong as the tendency -to evolution. It is certain that ' after great moral struggles have - resulted in ultimate success,' and great benefits have been bestowed upon society in consequence, -when the benefits become - matter of- course, the - means by which they were gained are for- gotten, : and the evils which are driven out -no- longer look so monstrous; and they are even looked Upon with favour-by the - more -restless of 'mankind. And yet it would be well: to-recolleet that evils are not produced without causes, and that the present social con- dition of the world, be it what it may, -is' the result and consequence of the struggles through which Europe has passed within the -last three hundred years. People forget whilst indulging in their speculations, -that it does- not 'in - the-" least follow- that if we depart from the -ways of our ancestors the faith of our ancestors will not 'continue among us. Take, for instance,- the - theorists who are engaged in the not very hope ful task of bringing the mind of the, public of Europe back to the ancient philosophy— to bring back the philosophy of Epicurus - and Democritus, and to build that upon what they deem a worn-out creed. I do not believe that if these philosophers had their way they would' choose tb reconstruct the state of society which flourished during the prevalence of the opinions of which they are so proud. They talk of culture. Well, supposing that many of them are -cultivated men, they forget that that liberty, that freedom, -that power of action, that- learned- leisure, -that opportunity of cultivation,, that ' large humanity which is- abroad in the' present day, was not the result of any Epicurean, philosophy, was not the result of any .Pagan - school, it was the result of that very Christianity . ' which they wish to displace, (applause.) I do-T not- question the motives of any man, and I am - bound to show to others that liberality 'of opinion which I would have expected for my- self ;' and I forgot to say that if, in the remarks' which ' I may make, I should tread upon thorny paths, if I should deal with subjects, on which- - others differ, and differ strongly,' I hope' I shall do so-in that spirit of liberal concession to' others of the same freedom of opinion and independence of opinion which I claim for myself. (Applausei> ; - I ! was going on to say that there ! are - some - belonging to Protestant Churches who seem to- try how far they can stray from the Protestant, 'J faith without being supposed to be, - and even: without wishing to be, deserters from it. As I ' . have said, I have no right to judge any man,- but: I only think that they should -remember - that : the freedom of conscience, - the liberty -of ' opinion, the toleration which enables 'them. - completely to express their own minds, ; is the- - fruit wholly and solely of the Reformation." (Applause.) They seem to think, now that the- - battle is over and the victory won, that thortoil'". and the struggle may be forgotten, - and" 'that'"- they might look out for "fresh fields "and17' pastures new ;" and if they happen to trespasa" upon forbidden enclosures, it seems to them - quite a safe experiment, and that there is;na harm and danger in dealing with what their fore- fathers called error, but which they are disposed"' to look upon with more gentle eyes, and there- " fore they " first endure, then pity, then embrace." (Applause. ) Now in the same way we have dug up- ' constantly old heresies. Heresies -rise up in one century; they are 'refuted in the next; and ' in the third the heresy is again discovered, the refutation is forgotten, and for a timo it lp0ks; ' as if it were a new discovery. All these things, - as I have said, are simply the tendency of thfe human mind. I do not think that there is any ' - reason whatever in all these speculations- to lead any man to despond in the slightest degree0 of the future of the opinion of the world, . beeauso those fruits — that spirit which'not only'; could, maintain itself, but leavened - the whole" mind of Europe when , the powers of -Europe:' ; were against it, is quite able to meet its own-'- now, at a time when nothing but its- own' snpineness can prevail against it. I would much ... rather have an ageof controversy, an nge of inquiry and disputation like this, than an age of 'lethargy' and indifference. (Applause.) The men wlw>-:i are contending for these things are in earnest Earnestness is really the foundation of all" ' success, and you may depend upon it that out' ' of the contact of earnest minds the spark of trath.i8.8nre to be elicited. These men must be miOt with their own weapons, and 1 if these challengers of ancient received opinion are to be rmet with success, they mnst be met with on "their own ground., Learning mnst be bronght against learning, knowledge against knowledge, . earnestness agamst' earnestness. If the state of ynin/l of the general public of the present day only stirs up those who have the power to buckle on their armour and /battle on the battlefield, no doubt the - victory shall come frgiiin as it has come beforeh and we shall not in the end have reason to regret the collision of opinion of which I havespoken. (Applause.) It is very mainly' for that reason that I have paid that it is well that at the present juncture of opinion this Congress, and the opinions which this '/Congress ' represent from all parts of- the World, Bhould have met. I "think nothing could be more wholesome for the present con dition of public thought than to recall their .mindB to those strong, manly, healthy opinions of / the -'great heroes of the Reformation— men with prodigious learning, without pedantry, of simplicity without vulgarity, and whose spirit, even when least -acknowledged and regarded, has been in truth the main element of vitality in, all the, . Protestant Churches. .Puritanism they - called it— men may sneer at it as, Puritan— and they often do it, I think without appreciating what the term implies — but they forget that =ab6ut ahdvatound them, at their hearths and in their homes, in their daily life, in their ordinary -affairs, in the literature of the day, and in their nnlifcinn.1 linfititiitiona. that Puritan -Spirit -still kopt guard— (applause) — more -quiescettt-than it was before, because a large portion of . its work had been done, but not ' less vigorous, not lesB resolute, not less ready to do, to endure, if need be to suffer for the truth whiph it firmly upheld. -(Applause.) - With- these -general '.remarks I go on to say a-;very- few words ; upon. the- more im mediate subject of our night's meeting. I say of. Presbyterian Church government, in the. first -placed that it is a cosmopolitan Church — it -is not -a provincial Church— it is not' a' Church' only uramhering-among-its adherents those who-speak one language or are- 'descended from one' race; The 'Very, audience I address, proves ;the reverse —that over all- lands, among all .tongues, and- among all habits and customs in the world, the Presbyterian Church is to be" found; (Applause. ) I make this - feinark because sometimes -matty people who are- not - well -informed on that subject, and: especially some of our friends across the' Tweed— of whose Church I have not a word to say but of respect' and 'honour— L say -of 'bur friends across the Tweed, that they are in the habit of regarding the Presbyterian as a small sect somewhere in a country which they do. not know very - much about, of no great extent,' and, no great population, and, therefore, of no. great account in regard to the religions questions of the day. But here we -have, proof to1 the contrary. We have it shown that this .is a branch of -the Christian Church, and one of great extension, a large, influential, important branch of that . Christian Church,- and, ' as we think, one distinguished by the parity - of its doctrine. ' (Applause.) My second remark is that-as a Presbyterian polity it -has a, complete and- i symmetrical system which is a very' im- . -, -i i - J - i i .f 11.. 5onanu ana aistmeuive rcauuro ui mm uumvu. n the first place, the Presbyterian Church — I bops my American frierids will pardon me if I make the remark— is not a mere Church of; ecclesiastics, but is composed of the whole body of the faithful. (Applause.) It is impossible to exaggerate the importance -of this, because it affects id- a large measure this i-peculiar. and distinctive' character of the Church. Not only does the Church embrace in theory the. -.body, of ' the faithful, but it embraces it in substance and in fact. In other words, the lay -element enters as well as- the clerical element into the functions of the Church, and so,- 1 say in the second place, the Presbyterian system comprehends a just representation- not only of the - clergy, but ' of ' the - flock of the laity, and, therefore, the fabric that is reared upon it is a fabric reared by the .people and on the people, and the functions of the Church are administered by the people,- clerical and lay. (Applause.) Still further, there is no such thing as priest, in the sacerdotal sense of the word, recognised in Presbyterian polity. (Applause.) -No doubt, John Milton has said, with more satire than truth, that "new Presbyter was but old priest writ -large." I do not agree with that satire, but ! entirely agree in the statement that priest is nothing but -corruption of presbyter. The word priest;- :aB .--far as 1 know, is not to be found in any portion of the New Testament as applied to a minister of the gospel. (Applause.), My knowledge may npt be: sufficient to enable me to speak with certainty, hut I rather think that in that matter- Lam -correct.. -There is nothing of the intermediate ; character of the priest between the. people and the Saviour endowed or recognised by the Presbyterian polity (Applause. ) I do > not enlarge- upon this, but it signifies a great deal; it indicates a great deal, it is one of the distinctive features which I think dis tinguishes Presbytery. . Again, there is another topic upon which- also I do not mean to dwell, but which l may mention — I mean the question «I aposuouu Buuuebaum. x>iu.u 10 w xuuuuci ul. which some of our friends accross the Tweed, of whom I Wish to speak with all possible respect, set great store. I had intended to read ' » passage - from John -Knox on that much con troverted subject, but I merely say that I should rather think that , the apostolic spirit is to be : found more in apostolic fruits than in apostolic succession. (Applause.) I could judge; a Church by its fruits, and that Church which produced most flourishing fruits I should :'hold to be the most apos tolic : in its -character. The Presbyterian Church has never acknowledged the dogma apostolic succession and I think they have . always held that the fruit of a system is the! best test of how far its principles are sound, and its actions according to the apostolic theory. The Presbyterian Church, I say, was the cradle of toleration. I am far from saying that where religious opinions were really the politics of the time and where men's minds hung by a' thread, political or religious toleration was much in yogue. But this I do say, that where Presby terian principles have prevailed there toleration bas. sprung and .flourished, and that in the quarters where toleration first Bprung the principles, of the early 'Reformers and of 'Presbyterians followedin their wake. (Applause) Dr. Hoge, Richmond, then addressed the meeting. At the outset of his remarks he' said' that across the seas they were not only familiar with the history of Presbyterianism in Scotland, but' also knew some of the families whowere distinguished for 'their loyalty to the 'Presbyterian polity and doctrine, and' they knew, that their cause would .be - safe "as long as it was defended by men' of the lineage and of the name of Lord Moncreiff, who had juBt ad dressed them. (Applause.) Dr. ' Hoge went on to say that the " subject entrusted to him was the capacity of Presbyterianism for universal expansion, and its adaptation to men of : every colour, climate, and condition. Nothing could be further from his inten tion tbaa to draw invidious comparisons between the creeds and forms of other Churches, but he ventured to say that there were several charac teristics of their Church which he' thought gave to them a pledge and a prophecy of its adaptation to every locality, and' to all the exigencies that' might arise in that locality, and to its extention throughout the world. Theirs was a Church which was stable in character, but flexible in administration ; Conservative in principle, aggressive in work, and furnished with every instrumentality for promoting' the extension of the truth in the home and in foreign field. In certain quarters there was a certain distrust of the preaching of what were sometimes called the imperishable doctrines of the Bible. That there were men who hesitated to use even the phraseology in which Paul gave- expression to some of the grandest truths in- his epistles— (applause)— truth; in which he gloried,; truths before which these craven-hearted tem- porisers 'quailed; They said, even if these doctrines were in the Bible, it was not politic to preach them; they excite prejudice, kre powerless for good, potent only for evil. Was. not that taking a strange liberty With the. Divine Word. ? to bring it to the test of human views- of expediency. Wits it hot very arrogant to take certain truths, bottle them up, and label- them " Poison"— truths which God in tended to be cordials to the hearts of His children? (Applause.) Side by side by its doctrinal truth their Church was distinguished equally for the catholicity of its spirit. It was not a Broad Church in the sense of embracing in its arms the Calviriistic creed aiid the Arminian clergy ; it was not a Broad Church in the sense that it believed in the Trinity, the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, add then denied the divinity of Jesus' Christ ; but it was a Broad Church in the sense of believing ' that, notwithstanding the diversities expressed between Christian' denomin ations as to organisations and forms of worship ; there was, and there must be a real unity, in spite of all want of uniformity, among all whose lives are hid with Christ in God. ( Ap plause.) What was wanted was an infusion of the power and grace of God, that every man might go forth and do his duty in the sphere in which God had placed him ; and by find by the day would Come When their grand old Church,, with its splendid historic memories, would stand confessed before the world as one of God's instruments 'for filling His earth with His own millennial light and glory. (Loud applause.) The Rev. Mr. Henderson, Ballarat, Australia, - said that he represented rather a big section of Pi-ooVkirfari an P.hnrnh an/1 nf fKo wavM it almost seemed as if they had been overlooking the southern hemisphere, and although that portion of the world was largely made up of Water, and water was not good for growing Presbyterian Churches on, yet it must be re membered that the Presbyterian Church had taken deep root there, at the Cape, and at Australia, and New Zealand. It was therefore only right that they should seek to do some thing for these Churches. He had travelled, over rather more than half the world to be present at the Council. Dr. Schaff had quoted from Calvin that Calvin would have gone over ton oceans iu order to ensure the union of the Reformed Churches. He (Mr. Henderson) did hot know what Calvin meant by ten oceans. He did not know whether he would have been satisfied with the Pacific and the Atlantic, and the Pentland Firth in addition. He did not know where else Calvin could have gone to satisfy his soul — (laughter) — and carry out the great purpose he had in view. The people of Australia looked therefore to the Council for encouragement to them in their work. He desired to show them that Presbyterians was adapted to the want3. of new countries like Australia and New Zealand, that it had been doing good work there, and; with encouragement from the delegates from the various parts of the world, they would go on working out still greater and higher results. They in victoria had managed to get over all differ ences among themselves, and that was a new thing in : the' history of the Church. Professor Flint in his very admirable discourse the other day, spoke of not hurrying on that outward union. He (Mr. Henderson) agreed with all that, but if they want a thing to grow, they must help it a little. (Laughter and applause.) If he were to send home an Australian plant and say it was capable of growing; they would not toss it out and say it was meant to grow, and let it grow ; but they would take good care rtf if Vro urAiil rmfr aanr? hnma anv mnra (Laughter.) And so they found that this union was a living thing. They had to allow themselves to. be led by the laity - in several directions. The laity, who belonged to several denominations, said they were not going to pay three men for what one could do. (Laughter. ) They were not going to have an Established Church, a Free Church and a United Presby terian Church minister in the one neighbourhood, and so the Presbyterian element was carried out, and so far as it gave the laity a power in the Church. So the Clergy, however much they had been disposed to hoist the several banners and fight under them, were forced on by the laity, and if the laity o.f other churches did the same thing as their Australian brethren had done, the olergy would have to follow them too. (Laughter;) It was their business to bo Presbyterians alone, arid not Free Churchmen, or Established Churchmen, op U. P. Churchmen, but te be Presbyterians, and meet the wants of the Presbyterian people all over the colonies. (Applause.) They in the colony of Victoria were prond of themselves, rather — (laughter);— because in this respect they showed an example to the world. Mr. Henderson went on to say they . had got very nearly as many ministers as j they wanted for their people. They riee.deda few more to -travel about. But what Mr. Balfour said that morning regarding Queensland was true of the place he. came: from— they hod about one minister to every thousand Presbyterians of the population— a Ohnroh of 130 or 140 ministers, not to be des pised by ' the - Pan-Presbyterian Council, he could tell them, eke it would be worse for them. Now,' in their contentions for the faith, they were constantly having this thrown in their teeth — " Ere now the Church is broken up into sects and fragments, and see how they hate each other those men who profess to be following the same Divine Master." But the thing was really so contradictory that now at last their adversaries were ashamed to say that any more. So that when they were forced to believe that there is a principle of brotherly love and kind ness through the Church of Christ beginning with thei Presbyterians— (a laugh) — they were beginning to inquire what it is that is lying at the root of this brotherly love? He had just one word to say in conclusion. They were prond of their Presbyterianism, and they were : proud, the most of them, that they had brought it from Scotland. (Applause.) Well, hedaren't say much as; to, thestate of Presbyterianism in Scotland, but he wanted to be proud oi Scot land- and its Presbyterian Churches in all its different branches; and he wanted his children ; to 'be proud of it. And when his children asked —" Blow is it, when we are all one here in Victoria there is not the same state of things, yonder where you came from?" He did not know what their differences might be — there were doubtless some sores still. He only wanted , 4-,-» oaq fkam nna on/1 ha if. nranm anma VU QCO VUblU VUP| (MU UV UUOVVU IV TT.VUAU before he died. At all events; it would come in !his children or children's children's time, "when Presbyterianism shall be as much one in Scot- knd as it is in Victoria. (Applause.) . Dr. Ormiston, Brooklyn;saidhewas born on; the hanks: of ; the Clyde, under the' shadow of Tintock, arid literally reared on oatcakes and the Catechism. (Larightor.) In his- early life he received' from the lips of a now-sainted mother- the; greater part, of his boyish education in religion, as in everythiug else, and she had given him such an idea of - that faith, fervour, pluck, : perseverance, . andr powers, of that race front whioh he sprang, that even before— well, before he wore breeks— (laughter)— he resolved that whatever there was of muscle in his right hand or power in his tongue, they should both be employed in the defence and promotion of the very faith for which his fathers had died. (Applause;) He then proceeded' to speak of. and illustrate the expansivbness and adaptation of Presbyterianism in. different lands. : Noting, in passing, that he had heard with pain some people in Scotland even declare that the -Shorter Catechism, Which (was expressly prepared for those of Weaker understanding — (loud laughter) — was not fitted for children — (renewed laughter) — he assured them it was, because he had tried it. (Laughter.) It might be that, the form of some of the words was libe a peasebannock that he remembered, in his early days— he found it hard to get his teeth through — (laughter)— but let them crumble at it and - round it ; ; let them begin at the middle and go to the end, and then get„ through it ; and, having -succeeded, they , would find that the teaching of the Catechism was strength to the heart, and, if - they went to the pulpit, grand matter for preaching. (Laughter.) Dr. Ormiston next, considered Presbyterianism in respect to its beautiful sim plicity in its modes of worship. Get two good Presby terians together, down they kneel, and if they uttered the Lord's Prayer and a psalm, thaj; was worship in itself complete ; and if the one man got up and exhorted the other, and the other returned the compliment, that was good instruction. (Laughter and applause.) The simplicity of Presbyterianism in respect of dis cipline was also one of its recommendations. If their spiritual life languished in heart or home, if closets were unvisited or family altars were grown cold, if Christian life was not nurtured with the finest of the wheat, they must not lay the -blame of failure on the system they 'pro fessed, but rather attribute it to the feckless, helpless, useless way they use their weapons. (Applause.) They had heard to-day that Presbyterianism was of, Divine authority, and certainly its simplicity seemed to -speak to it3 origin, all the Divine laws being simple. (Applause.) Dr. Ormiston concluded by ad verting to the great progress which Presby terianism had -made over the world, and by urging continued and stronger efforts in the future. (Applause.) Professor Brummelkamp, of the Reformed (Free) Ghurch of theNetherlands, who addressed the meeting in his own language, said that from the first moment he learned that:there was to be a Pan- Presbyterian Council his heart lept for, joy. On a former occasion when a delegate from 'the Secession Ghurch of Holland to the Free Ghurch of Scotland, he rejoiced in the revelation of a spirit of pnifying; and at present he found another and greater demon stration of this same principle, and did not doubt that the angels in Heaveri rejoiced at this idea taking root -in the hearts of Christians: all around. (Applause.) they could become one, because they were one,, helonged to the one areiil-. Fnm«1«r. havincr nil a fn.if.h_ nnn hnrin. onn trust in the Lord Jesus Christ. Everything was united, to bririg them together ; there was only one voice against it, and that was the voice of Satan, who was always pushing forward every where little differences, and fixing their eyes on them as if they had nothing to do but make them as large as possible, while the great thing was to. acknowledge and follow the Lord Jesus as the crowned Head of all. In the providence of God He had given the Church of the Refor mation, the great Reformed Church, to realise the fourfold principle which is found in the Acts of the Apostles, chapter ii. — " And they continued steadfastly in the apostles' -doctrine and fellowship, and in breaking of bread, and in prayers." And He had given this principle to our fathera of the Reformation that they had to do nothing but, after the idea of the early Christ- tian Church, toimitate Presbyterianism. Afterre- ferring to the Synod of Dort, he said these good men did - not : see the time they wished for, but those now assembled were happier than they; What they wished they now flaw realised' almost at this moment, and he prayed that they might be one in love. Rev. Dr. D. Eraser, London, said he Had been asked to say a few words upon the relations I which their ; Ghurch ought to maintain towards other Churches or branches of the Church of God. But first of aU - he took the opportunity, in behalf of the .Evangelical Allidnce of London, of >inviting the brethren -from the United States and Canada, Australia and 'South 'Africa, with. other1 brethren-- who might'find it convenient to attend, to come to the reception in London, under the auspices of the Alliance, at the brid of next week. Touchidg Upon the phrase- in the creed, "We believe in the Holy Ghost, the Holy Catholic Church, the comhiuriion of saints," he- remarked that they did not believe— at leahfc he- did not—in the .communion of Presbyterian ism. He' loved it, but only as' a part of the great 'communion of saints. Tthadnever como into their thoughts to arrogate to themselves a position' of exclusive dignity and favour, and to disparage - their fellow-Christians who are Under administrations . different from theirs, and who do -not assent to all the points in the Presbyter ian- confessoins and creeds. He must say for hk own ; part he did appreciate and respect his fellow Christian who differfl from him and shows \- him - he has a reason for differing from him, bat who allowed at the same time that he (the speaker) might also have; a toason to render for his own view. All their sister Churches might be all the more assured of their respect and regard when they said they were' not at all be coming unsettled in their attachment .either to their theology or to their; polity, bht'they learned to look, as they believed; quite beyond 'those considerations that affects their particular branch of the one Church of Ged- to those larger considerations whioh affeot the whole' of the Church everywhere. There' was no reason way a settlement of their judgment should make healty minded men narrow or bigoted. It was when a man was not so certain about the grounds of his opinion that he was apt to be juneasy and captious in his tone and temper. A firmly- fixed judgment had a convictionbf . right, -arid a dignity of self-respect, which despised, 'because it was far above, petty rivalries. They "were slow to unchurch others, and were not arixiqus to' rake invidious questions as ' to the Validity of mother forms of; Church government. They were not indifferent to matters of: Church, polity, but at the same time, they did notTty down that a mere question of external polity could of itself determine the right of any Christian community to' be allowed a place, as an integral part of the redeemed Church of God. They would be very sorry to thirik that none were true Churches of Christ except those that were in. perfect doctrinal harmony with them. " They avowed and acted upon a far larger and riiore tolerant theory. Yet they did not countenance the shallow and, in some respects,, inisphievous opinion that was abroad that it was of little consequence to which Church a man be- ' longed, so long- as he himself was a genuine Christian. They gave no encouragement to that opinion. It diclnot appear to him' that this exhausted: their duty as a Church. While they admitted that the -Divine Spirit carried on diversity of operations under diversity of mink- tration, he did not entertain the chimerical; notion that they might force or fuse all religious- bodies iuto oue. They should be careful, he; 1 thought, of using such language as would seem to justify or merely indicate that they were con tented with the present: ill-arranged and' ill-corn- 1 pacted condition of evengehcal Protestantifcml 1 (Applause.) As students of their Bibles; arid as lovers of order, logic, and simplicity, they ' ought to see whether they could do anything on' their part to lessen existing difficulties, and where those difficulties could not be removed, to establish what they called a modus prbbendi, better relation of intercourse between Churches. . The shame was they had been so long in meeting together as now;; indeed, ! he Ifelt disposed to Sigh . and wonder about it, it was so simple-a thing. They should now proceed to efface from the minds of English people the notion that Presbyterians were a fractious set of people: They ought to begot to understand that tliey liad been all the while the. very, champions. ,"of/ unity and peace among the Churches of < the : earth. They were just iu the position that if they only had discretion; enough and Sweet ness enough, for the task, they ought to exercise a most powerful healing,- calming, and balancing influence upon the Christian. Churches of the world. (Applause). They had more episcopacy than any Ghurch. Epkcopacy was ; a great principle with them. Congregationalkm was a great principle with them, development of congregational- life and activity was one of their great principles, and he hoped was well practised among them. Methodkm was a great principle with them, methodical combination and activity was the principle of Protestantism: There was a truth in every one of these things. It was not by denying or decrying them, but by recognising and conciliating them that the highest condition of the Church of God as a visible institution ought exist. People might " say that at this meeting there was a great talk, about love. He had learned-' to be .almost weary of short-sighted : practical people— people who had no idea or theory, but who always jumped into this or that ; kind of work. The most practical thing of all was to form opinion, to form - higher opinion reaching to nobler ideas, then work up to their ideal, and go upon the . lines of - sound wincinle. They would come to some grand practical con- elusions if only they', could- cultivate- love to God and to man, with their fellow-Christians about them, and to rejoice in one another's welfare, and scorn the feeling of : rejoicing over -one- another's disasters. They should rather rejoice- over one another's prosperity. 'If there was a Ghurch among them that had better - principles ' or constitution, let it -show it -by its fruits. (Applause.) Surely those men that had the wisest plans, the highest privileges, the- grandest memories, and the brightest hopes we're bound before the Lord and their brethren to think the largest thoughts, and feel the widest sympathies, and to do the noblest deeds. (Loud applause.) Rev. Dr. Macgcegor, Edinburgh, said he was sure he expressed the feeling of every, gentleman in the House when he said how thankful the were that thp able discussion which had taken place that day had been closed with the very liberal, catholic, and able speech-which they had just heard from Dr. Fraser. He agreed it was quite possible that they could make a great deal too much of their Presbyterian principles. He held by them as founded firmly on Scripture, but he did not think our Lord or His apostles laid down any inelastic,' rigid principles within which all Churches must be confined. It wasquite true that in many parts 6f the world Presby terianism was not known,, and therefore this Council Was greatly needed for enlightening not only those, without, but. some within our . own dear. land. If any one thought of leaving the Presbyterian Church ho ought to romember that he was leaving the Church whose misfortunes and - successes had been connected with national history and identified with it. . It. was a great pity, he thought, that . the landed gentry and the aristocracy of Scotland had left the Presbyterian Church of. the Scottish soil. It was a pity for their o\vn order, and a pity for the stability of these institutions .which so closely hung together that - so many of the great landowners had become -aliens to the religion of the Scottish soil, and had thus estranged themselyes so much from the people in what linked man to man in meeting and worshipping together in the same church. (Applause.) His remarks might grate upon.many an ear, but he said it purposely. , This was among the things which had led to the assertion that the nobilitv of Scotland had to a very considerable extent ceased to be the Scottish nobility. (Applause.)- Mr.- J. P. M'Clure, - Belfast, moved a vote of thanks to Lord Moncreiff for presiding on this occasion, and for the-able and interesting address with which he favoured them. The name of Moncreiff, he added, had been known for many generations in connection with the Presbyterian Church. (Applause.) Lord iMoncreiff returned .thanks, - and tlie Council, closed ' with prayer by Dr. Knox, Belfast, rose at 10. 20 p.m., to meet again to day at 10., 30 a.m,. 