SPORT IN ENGLAND. [by oue own correspondent. I THEleadc-roftheturf worldhas been taken fromus. Admiral Boas died at bis residence in Berkeley ?square, on the evening of the 19th of June, aged 82 yeans. He had been ailing lot e-nne time post, and early in the year notified that he would be unable to frame any other handicaps than those at Ne'Rinarket and Ascot. Epsom was the last race-meeting si miucu ae was present, ana Silvio s uerov victory aiuiuai the List race he saw. He has gone to his last rest full of years and of honours ; his name will live for ever in the annals of the turf, and his place there is no one to fill. For a generation past he has been the mentor of our national sport, and, as hne been remarked, to write a memoir of him would be to write a history of too turf for the last forty years. 1 have no space, even if I had sufficient facts at my command, to do this ; but a few remarks as to the career of the pa'limt old ndruiral cannot but be of interest to readers in New South Wales. Henry John Rons, second son of the fijsi Earl of Stradbrokc, was born in 1795, and joined the navy as a midshipman in 1808. His sea life extended over a period of twenty-eight years, when he married and left the service. During his naval career he saw plenty of active service, and distuiguished himself on several occasions even when only a hid. But the exploit with which his name will always be connected in naval records is his bringing the frigate La Pique across the Atlantic from Newfoundland to ' Spithead, rudderless and leaking at the rate of 23 inches per hour, in the autumn of J1835. She struck on a reef in the Straits of Belleislo, and was only got off, after ten hours' bumping, by the sacrifice of all her guns, shot and shell, and with the loss of false and main keds, forefoot, and rudder. It being impossible to make any Canadian port, Captain Roue boldly steered for England, and his splendid seamanship and the untiring efforts of his officers and crew brought the frigate into Spithead, in spite of adverse gales and increasing casualties as the voyage wore on. The voyage of the La Pique forms one of the brightest pages of British naval history. Ten years later the Admiral was made a Lord of the Admiralty, and eat as member for 'Westminster in the House of Commons. His connection with the turf dates from 1821, but it was not till 1840 that he became a regular owner of racehorses. But his own ventures were generally in matches, at the making of which he was without a rival, and many a score of victories has he achieved, Fordham generally wearing the popular harlequin jacket. He was the manager for many years of the Duke of Bedford's stud, and won many a race tor the purple and buff stripes. But in connection with tho turf it will be as a handicapper that Admiral Roub will bo best remembered. For the past twenty years the principal handicaps at all tho great meetings have been framed by him, and after a day's racing at head-quarters it was a common thing for him to sit down and assign weights to a couple of hundred horses. Tho Cesarewitcbes of 1857 and 1858 were two of his most remarkable efforts. In 1857, Prioress, Queen Bess, and £1 Hakim ran a dead heat of throe, and in 1858 Rocket won ; by a head, and Prioress and The Brewer ran a dead heat for j second place. A series of articles on the ' Past and Present HiBtory of the Turf, ' published in the columns of Sell's Life between 1851 and 1856, were perhaps his most note worthy contribution to racing literature. But for very many j years, every racing dispute of note, in Japan or India, ! America or 'Australia, was, referred to his decision, from ?: which it was felt that there could bo no appeal to a higher j tribunal. He was geninl and pleasant in manner, and a j . most popular and entertaining companion, but it must not be concealed that he was somewhat touchy if his opinion was in any way questioned. A service of silver and his Esrtrait were presented to him at a banquet given in his : onour at Willis's Rooiub in I860. His death will be : lamented, and his memory cherished for many long years to come. * Ascot, the prince of meetings, showed but little, if any, , diminution of its traditional glories this summer. It was, , perhaps, a trifle dull compared to one or two notable anniversaries, but the war and tho depression in trade will Account for this, and the sport was well up to tho standard. It might have been a little more summery weather, but in England ono must not be too particular in this respect. The opening dav, the best for racing, was hot ; the Prince and Princess of Wales drove over from BasthompEtead Park, and the procession up the New Mile with the scarlet and gold outsiders and other signs of Ascot state was received with the customary loyal greeting. The Queen's Gold Vase, 2 miles, brought out Skylark, Rosobory, Rhidorroch, Dalham, Altyre, and others, and the Gesarewitcb and Cambridgeshire winner of hist year was a good favourite ; but we are always doomed to disappointments at Ascot, and Kosebery failed in that which was supposed to be his forte, stamina, Skylark beating him in a canter by three lengths and winning the coveted trophy for the popular Lord j Falmouth. Silvio, with his penalty, did not put in an I appearance for the rich Prince of Wales's Stakes, and Glen | Arthur, second in tho Derby, seemed to have the race at his j mercy, Belphoabe, winner of the One Thousand and second j in tho Oaks, having to give him weight. The result proved i backers were right. The Prince of Wales's Stakes of 50 sovereigns each, half forfeit, with 1000 added, for three-year-olds; colts, 8et. 10 lbs., fillies, 8 st 5 lbs. ; certain penalties and allowances ; second received 300 sovoreignsj and the third 200. About 1 mile 6 furlongs. 101 subscribers. Sir. W. 8. MitchcU-Inncs's b c Glen Arthur, by Adventurer —Haid of the Glen, Set 8 lbs (Dodge) ? 1 3\. Johnstone's oh e by Mandrake— The Thane, 8etSlbg (carried 8ft 4 lbs) (J.Osborne} ? S Lord Faunouth's br c SleipnSr, 8 st 8 Ids (F. Archer) ... 3 Mr. Gee's ch c Hadrian, 8 st 3 lbs (C Wood) W. 8. Canwngnt'Bch c Albert Edward, 8 st S lbs(ConBtoble) Lord Haittngton's b i Belphcobo, 8 st 10 lbs (J. Goaier) Mr. T. Jennings'* fcr c Sheldrake, 8 st 10 lbs (C. Archer) Gomm's b c Grand Templar, 8 st 10 lbs (Glover) Betting : 7 to 4 v. Glen Arthur, 7 to 2 v. Belphoebe, -S to 1 each v. TTnflrm and The Thane colt, and 7 to 1 v. Sleipnir. Before going a hundred yards The Thane colt drew out with a dear lead of Belphoebe, Albert Edward, and Hadrian, the favourite coming on next at the head of the others, of whom Sleipnir was most prominent. In this order they ran for a quarter of a mile, when Glen Arthur pulled his way i into second place, Hadrian gain? on third. At the bottom , of the hill me unnamed son of Thane increased his lead, and I; was followed into the Old Course by Glen Arthur, but soon ' afterwards the favourite was pulled back again, and Grand j Templar went on second in advance of Glen Arthur. At i tho brick-kilns all took closer order, and Glen Arthur on the ] outside took up the runningfrom Thane colt, Albert Edward j now going on third. The Thane colt resumed the lead, and 3 ? coming round the bend was followed by tho favourite and I, Hadrian, Albert Edward heading' the remainder, of whom j. Belphoebe «n the outside was oeaten. When they camo i fairly in the line for home tho favourite, steering wide, drew to the front, and Hn/lriap, Albert Edward, and Sleipnir also looked prominent, but from the distance Glen Arthur had all his opponents hopelessly beaten, and, : striding along, he won easily by naif a length ; three quarters of a length separated the second and third ; Hadrian was fourth, Belphoebe fifth, Sheldrake next, and Grand Templar last Time, by Benson's chronograph, 3 minutes 11 seconds. Value of the stakes, £3175. Glen Arthur was bred by Mr. 3. Johnstons, and at the sale of the Sheffield Lane yearlings in 1875 he was bought for 1800 guineas by Mr. Jos. Dawson. He ran only twice as a two-year-old, namely* for the Middle Park and Dew hurst plates, in both of which he was unplaced, and his only three-year-old performance previous to the present one was the Epsom Derby, in which he was placed second to Silvio. The Queen's Stand Plate over the T. Y. C. promised us a Rood race between Springfield, 4 years, 9 st 12 lbs., and IBcossaiB, 6 years, 9 st 8 lbs., but the former, who is the fastest horse in training, won easily by four lengths. The Ascot Stakes followed; but I do not remember any anniversary which brought out less excitement, and the ' class of the runners was very moderate. Getroffen altogether 7 failed to justify a great private reputation, and Sir George Chetwynd had a turn of luck at last, which no one grudged him. | v The Ascot Stakes of 25 sovereigns each, 15 forfeit, and only o if declared, with 500 added for the winner, and 100 for the f second; third received 50 sovereigns; about 2 miles. 60 |i subscribers, 36 of whom paid 5 sovereigns each. | Sir G. Chotwyna's ch h Chypre, by Bllnkhoolie— Ess Bouauet, I C years, 7 st« lbs fC. Wood) I Mr. W. 8. Crawford's b h Finis, 6 years, 7 et 7 lbs (Huxteble) 2 |. H. Sarile'6 b c Eu?t Spring, S yeans, 6 st IS lbs (Hopkins) 3 Captain Hachell's Peeping Tom, 6 reari. 8 *t 1 Ib IP Ar»*ii--i Mr. R. C. NaylorV. Btaphylu*/? yeiw, /« 2 Ibi (Luke) ' Cameron t arena. 4 years. SttlBn («imW) ' Count F de LagnagV* Laure, 3 yews. 5 at 18 lbs (W. Johnstone) l Mr. T. Holmcs's Harriet Laws, S years, i st 10 lbs (Gallon) Alexander Baluzn's Getroffea, t year*, i \\\\. io lbs (Lemaire) Betting : 5 to 2 v. Getroffen, 9 to 2 v. Chypre. C to 1 v Finis, 7 to 1 v. First Sprinu, 8 to 1 each v. Peeping Tom and Harriet Laws, and 10 to 1 v. Staphylus. At thTsecond attempt a capital start was effected, Getroffen cutting out the work at a rare pace, her immediate attendant* beioj Staphylus, Harriet Laws, First Spring, and Chyp.e, aliuoTt in a line. In this order they ran past the stand, but in making the ascent, and going round the Hotel turn, Harriet Laws headed Getroffen, while Arena, who was outpaced from the first, brought up the rear. Before reaching the brick-kilns, Harriet Laws hung out signals of distress, and Chypre, full of running, rushed to the front, being closulv Ertssed by First Spring and Finis, and so well was Mr. aviJe's colt going as they swept round the bend into the straight that many shouted ' First Spring wins ! ' but Chypre, next the rails, kept his place, and the Mny Morning colt being beaten half-way up the straight, Finis took his place, and, although Huxtable came with a rush at tho distance, he was unable to overhaul Sir George Chetwynd's white-legged chestnut, who won cleverly at thflfinishby half a length ; two lengths divided second and third, Staphylus being fourth, Getroffen fifth. Peeping Tom sixth, Laure seventh, and Arena last. Time, 3 minutes 31 seconds. Wednesday saw a long-needed reform brought about by Lord Hardwicke, master of the Buckhounds, who had Tattersall's Ring cleared of wclshew. One'B only wish is that the grand stand and lawn could be similarly cleared of the tens and almost hundreds of the demi-monde who now crowd into the most exclusive enclosures at the great race meetings and elbow Lady Flora and the Honourable Ethel with the greatest effrontery. Placida, queen of this year's fillies, simply cantered away with the Fern Hill Stakes, and a match has since been utade for her to run Petrarch in the autumn at Newmarket, over 6 fur longs, Petrarch conceding 13 lbs. for his year and sex allowance. It should be a good race, though Lord Lons dale's horse will probably be a great favourite. The Royal Hunt Cup gave us as usual plenty of fancies, but the for ward running of The Thane colt, since named Strathinore, in the Prince of Wales's Stakes made him a strong favour ite, though 'Whitebait's previous performances, and the clever way in which Cradle had been kept, found them many odnjirers, and there were not a few who remembered Button's Cambridgeshire victory. Cradle, however, had little difficulty in placing the handsome silver group of stags to the credit of Lord Wilton. The Royal Hunt Cup (handieap), value 300 sovereigns, with 150 to the second and 50 to the third, added to a sweepstakes of 10 sovereigns each ; winners extra ; New Mile. 92 subscribers. Lord Wilton's 'br c Cradle, by See Saw— Honeymoon, 4 years, 6 sH lbs (Hopkins) ... ... ... ... 1 Mr. J. Manninpton's b g button, by Saccharometer— Jhristmas l'ic, 6 years, 7 st 7 lbs (Morbey) ... ... ... 2 W. 6. Crawfurd'6 b c Prince George, by Toxophiltte, dam by Young Melbourne, 4 years, Gst HI os (Gallon) ... 3 Captain Stirling's Whitebait, 6 years, 8 st (F. Archer) Duke of Montrosc's Hopbloom, 4 years, 7 st 9 Ids (carried 7 et 0 lbs (Glover) Mr. T. CanDon's Timour, 5 years, 7 6t 9 lbs (Watts) Lord Lonedale's Jester, 4 year?, 7 st 7 lbs (carriel 7 st 8 lbs) (C. Archer) Mr. H. Bird's The Ghost, 5 years, 7 st G lbs (Huxtable) W. 6. MitcheU-lunes's St. Leger, 5 years, 7 st 5 lbs (Dodge) Lord Anglesey's Grey Friar, 3 years, 7 st 4 lbs (J, Macdonald) Mr. T. Hughcs's ltowkton, 4 years, 7 Et 4 lbs (J. Edwards) K. Bobson'e Earnest, 3 years, 7 st 4 lbs (Ne who use) Rymill'E Chancellor, 6 vears, 7 st 2 lbs (F. Jeffrey - Cornwall's Babagus II., 6 years, 7 si (Chesterman) Lord Rosebery's Kosbach, 3 years, 6 fit 10 lbs (Morgan) Howe's Tetarch, 4 years, 6 st 10 lbs (W. Macdonald) Mr. M. H. Harris's Garterly Bell, 5 years. 6 st 9 lbs (Heat He) Count F. de Lagrangc's Pironnet, 3 years, G st 4 lbs ( W. Johnson) Duke of Westminster's Helena, S years, C st 2 ibs (carried 6 st 3 lbs) (B. Wood) Mr. B. Jardine'8 Svrathmore, 3 years, 5 st 10 lbs (J. Jones) Alex. Baltazzi's Getroffen, 3 years, S st 7 lbs (Lemaire) Lord Bradford's Piccalilli, 3 years, 6 fit 7 lbs (Greaves) Betting : 3 to 1 v Strathmore, 5 to 1 v Whitebait, 100 to 15 v Cradle, 10 to 1 v. Helena, 100 to 6 each v. Hopbloom and Rosbach, 20 to 1 each v. Sutton, St. Leger, and Prince George, 25 to 1 each v. Jester, Babagus II., and Tetrach, 100 to 3 each v. The Ghost and Pivonnet, 40 to 1 each v. Grey friar, Getroffen, and Piccalilli, and 50 to 1 v. Chan cellor. At the second attempt an excellent start was effected Strathmore being the first to show in front, but after going about two hundred yards, Cradle drew slightly in advance, his immediate attendants being Eosbach, Hopbloom, utton, and Whitebait, the last- named being wide of his field on the outside. When half the distance had been covered Cradle was just clear of his field, Whitebait, Ros bach, Hopbloom, Sutton, and Strathmore being his imme diate followers. Here the weight began to tell, and White bait was beaten at the distance, where Sutton came with a rush, and for a moment looked dangerous, but Hopkins was sitting comparatively still on his horse, whom he just roused and landed the popular colours of Lord Wilton an easy winner by a length and a-half ; Prince George running through a lot of beaten horses was a bad third, Piccalilli was fourth, Rosbach fifth, Strathmore sixth, Whitebait seventh, and Hopbloom next, the last lot comprising Tetrarch, Jester, Pivonnet, Chancellor, and Timour s whipped in by Garterly Bell. Time, by Benson's chrono graph, 1 minute 53 3-5 seconds. Value of the stakes, £1190. Belphoebe cantered away with the Coronation Stakes, and Rob Roy easily beat Touchet and Chevron in the Biennial. The Ascot Derby was the most interesting race of the day, on account of Silvio and Glen Arthur again meeting to fight their Epsom Derby battle. They were under even weights, Glen Arthur's victory in the Prince of Wnles's Stakes earning him the 10 lbs. penalty. Morier, in receipt of 17 lbs. from the pair, was also fancied, but he again dis appointed his backers as in the Two Thousand, and is evidently a very over-rated animal. Silvio won with con summate ease, and the Derby running is thus fairly con firmed — always a satisfactory issue. The Ascot Derby Stakes of 50 sovereigns each, half forfeit, with 500 added, for three- year-olds ; colts, 8 st 10 lbs. ; fillies, 8 st. 6 lbs. ; penalties and allowances; second received 100 sovereigns, and third 50 sovereigns; Swinley Course 1J | mile. 35 subscribers. LordFalmonth'sb c Silvio, by Blair Athol— Bilverhair, 9 st6 lbs (including 10 lbs extra) (F. Archer) ? 1 Bradford's ch c Zucchero, 8 st 10 lbs (Constable) ... 3 Mr. W. S. Mitchell-InniB'6 br c Glen Arthur, 9 st 6 lbs (in cluding 10 lbs extra) (Dodge) ? 8 Lord Ailesbnry'* Collingbourne, S et 10 lbs (T. Chalooer) Calthorpe's Manachus, 8 et 10 lbs -T. Cannon) Mr. Gomm's Grand Templar, 8 Et 10 lbs (J. Goater) J.Johnstone's Hilarious, 8 st 3 lbs (carried 8 st 4 lbs) (J.Osborne) Duke of Westminster's Morier, 8 st 3 lbs (A. Wood) Betting 7 to 4 v. Silvio, 5 to 2 v. Morier, 5 to 1 v. Glen Arthur, 7 to 1 v. Hilarious, and 12 to 1 v. Monachus. Collingbourne made play with a long lead, followed by Mona chus and Silvio, but near the brick-kilns the lot took closer order, Hilarious and Morier going on side by side, but rounding the bend into the straight Morier showed slightly in advance. Half-way up the straight, he was headed by Silvio and Zucchero, the Derby winner being full of running and winning easily by two lengths i a similar distance divided second and third. The Cup Day at Ascot is one of the chief — I may say the chief fete day of the year, and splendid weather favoured it. All the work was there, and a few extra. Some 14,000 honoured the ' grand stand with their presence, and the lunches on the lawn amongst the blooming rhododendrons were a sight. The ilite of English society was well represented ; but unfortunately there were some fair girls on the lawn whose characters were not quite as spotless as their dresses. The Coaching and Four- in-hand clubs mustered in great force, and presented a spectacle of which an Englishman might well be proud. In all, there were nearly seventy splendidly horsed and appointed drags drawn up opposite the stands. The Prince and Princess attended in state, accompanied by the Duke of Cambridge, Prince Christian, the Duke and Duchess of Teck, and the Royal children. The Emperor and Empress of Brazil, General Grant, and Midhat Pasha were also amongst the notabilities present. To satisfy the curiosity of fair critics, I may mentien that the Princess wore a black satin robe faced ' with amber satin. All the costumes were tig-ht-tittina; ; azure, primrose, and salmon, were favourite colours, with trains of a different shade, tied tightly down so as not to inter 1 fere with the symmetry of the figure. Bonnets were small, and mere masses of flowers, whilst real flowers, such as lilies of the valley and pansies, were much favoured by the fair sex. But to the racing. Plaeida, having cantered away with the Fifteenth New Biennial from a solitary opponent, Springfield, 4 years, 9 st. 4 lbs., secured the Fourteenth Biennial with almost equal ease from Rob Roy, 3 years, 8 st 7 lbs and Monachus. Blair Athol's son did not add to his reputation for pluck or ppeed by this exhibition. The New Stakes for two-year-olds, worth over £1000, produced a strong favourite in fitrathfieet, a filly of the Doke of Westminster's in the Russley stable, but she finished in the rnck and her dav was destined to be that of the July Stakes at head- quarters': Lord Rosebery's Bellicent, bv Cremorne out of Lynette, won by three-quarters of a length from Palni Leaf and nine others. She had been twice beaten at Epsom, and tho form was probably not correct. Then came the Gold Cup, for which there were half a-dozen runners, but the absence of Rosebery detracted materially from the interest that otherwise would have been manifested. It was evident enough that Lord Lonsdale had the Cup at his mere}', and the result was in precise accordance with general anticipation. Petrarch is a very fine mover, in fact more beautiful action is seldom seen, and he yon in a canter. The Cup was a grand specimen of the goldsmith's art, thoroughly good in design, and, being from the atelier of Messrs. Hancock, of course of superb workmanship. It will be an ornament to Lord Lonsdale's sideboard. The Gold Cup, value 1000 sovereigns, with 200 for the second, and 100 for the third, added to a subscription of 20 sovereigns each ; weight for age, &c.; ; about 2£ miles. 30 subscribers. Lord Lonsdale'i b c Petrarch, by Lord Clifden— Laura. 4 years, 8 Et 10 lbs (T. Cannon) ... .. ... ... * Lord Falmouth's b c Skylark, 4 years,8 st 10 lbs (F. Archer) ... 2 Mr. Acton's b m CoomasBie, 5 years, 9 st (Glover) ... ... 3 Doke of Hamilton's b c Wild Tommy, 4 years, 8 st 10 lbs (Cu6tance) „ ... Duke of Hamilton's ch c Sugarloaf, 3 years, 7 st 5 lbs Lord Rosebery's b h Controversy, 6 years, 9 st 3 lbs (Constable) Betting : Even on Petrarch, 7 to 4 v. Skylark, 100 to 8 v. Coomassie, 25 to 1 v. Controversy, and 20 to 1 v. the Duke of HftTuilton's pair. After the usual parade, in which Wild Tommy was followed by Sugarloaf, Skylark, Coomassie, Petrarch, and Controversy, the lot proceeded to the post, and were despatched at the first attempt. Sugar loaf, when they had settled down, assumed the lead, which he increased to twenty lengths as they passed the stand, followed by Controversy, Skylark, side by side with Coomassie, 'Wild Tommy, and Petrarch in the rear. At the Hotel turn Sugarloaf took an immense lead, and the same order was maintained, except that Petrarch was six lengths behind the others as they made the Swinley Bottom, where 'Sugarloaf bolted, and l'etrarch went into the third place. Controversy was now in front, succeeded by Skylark, with Coomassie tourth. This order was maintained round the bend and into the straight, where Petrarch took the lead, followed by Skylark, and never leaving the issue in doubt won easily by four lengths ; Coomassie was a bad third, Wild Tommy fourth, and Controversy pulled up last, very leg-weary. Time, by Benson's chronograph, 4 minutes 33 seconds. The AU- aged Stakes orer the T. Y. C. gave us a pretty match between Trappist, 5 years, 10 St., and Ecossais, 6 years, 9 st. 10 lbs., but the hitter made the whole of the running and won by four lengths. A more brilliant Cup Day, taking the weather and attendance into consideration, has* seldom been seen. The closing day suffered, as it always must suffer, by comparison with its predecessor, but the racing was good as usual. The Wokingham Stakes, 6 furlongs, worth over £1000, brought out a flying field of eighteen, of whom Lord Eosebery's Eosbach, by Victorious out of La Rose, 3 years, 6 st. 12 lbs., won cleverly by a neck. Long distance races, bar the Cesarewitch, give us but poor fields, and, with Petrarch, Skylark, 'Umpire, and Hampton absentees, the Alexandra Plate was but a sorry affair considering its added money. Coltness won in a canter; I need say no more. The Alexandra Plate of 1000 sovereigns, added to a sweepstakes of 25 sovereigns each, 15 forfeit ; weight for age, &c.; ; second received 200 sovereigns, and third saved stake ; about 3 miles. 24 subscribers. Mr. J. H. Houldsworth'e b c Coltuese, by King Tom— Crocus, 4 years, 9 fit (T. Osborne) ... ... ... ... 1 R. N. Batt's ch c Bersaglier, 4 years, 9 st (J.Osborne) ... 2 Duke of Hamilton's b c Wild Tommy, 4 years, 9 st (distance) 3 Mr. Cornwall's b h Eabagas II., 5 years, 9 st 6 lbs (F. Archer) Betting : Even on Coltness, 75 to 40 v. Bersaglier, 6 to 1 v. Rabagas II., and 20 to 1 v. Wild Tommy. Bersaglier, at a moderate pace, made play ; Rabagas II., very wide of him, going on second, with Coltness and Wild Tommy following in the order named. In this way they passed the stand, but after rounding the Hotel turn the pace was in creased, and as they went down the hill into the Swinley Bottom the lot took closer order, although Bersaglier still kept a clear length in front of the remaining trio, Coltness and Wild Tommy going well within themselves. The furze being on fire, the horses fora second or two were lost to view, but no change was seen to have taken place as they emerged from the smoke, though coming round the bend into the straight for home Rabagas II. went up to the head of Bersaglier. He, however, was quickly done with, and Tommy Osborne, letting Coltness have his head, rushed past the Middleham horse as if he was standing still, and, coming sailing away from the distance, won, hands down, by eight lengths ; Wild Tommy was third, while Rabagas II., who was dismounted at the distance, walked in with the crowd, being both lame and leg-weary. Time, by Benson's . chronograph, 4 minutes 59 seconds. The victory of Lord Hartington's Rylstone over John Day, Dalham, and five others in the Ascot Plate closed the meeting. . The Grand Prix was run at Paris, as usual, the Sunday before Ascot, and resulted in the greatest surprise recorded in the history of the race. Fontainebleau was amiss and a non-starter, and Jongleur, winner of the French Derby* appeared to have the race completely at his mercy. St. Christophe, however, won easily, and our jockey, Hudson, won no less than £10,000 by his success. England had no worthy representative this year. The Grand Prize of Paris of 4000 sovereigns, for three year-old colts and fillies, added to a sweepstakes of 40 sovereigns each, 24 forfeit ; second received 400 sovereigns, and third 200 sovereigns; colts, 8 st. 9 lbs. ; fillies, 8 st. 61bs. ; about 1 mile 7 furlongs. 320 subscribers, 273 of whom paid 4 sovereigns, and 38, 20 sovereigns each. Count F. de Lagrange's ch c St. Christophe, by Mortemer— Isolinc, 8 st 9 lbs (Hudson) ... ... ... ... 1 Prince d'Arenberg's b c Jongleur, by Mars— Joliette, 8 st 9 lbs (Carratt) ? 8 Baron Sothschild'e br c Strechino, by Parmesan— Old Maid, 8 st 9 lbs (Cannon) ... ? 3 Prince d'Arenberg's be Charivari II., by Capitalist— Charity, 8st91bB(Boife) Count F. de Lagrange's ch c Vernenil, by Mortemer— Begalia, 8 at 9 lbs (Carver) Mr. C Trotter's b c K.G., by Knight of the Garter— Manie, 8 st 9 lbs (Platt) M. de GrabowEki's be Dark Blue, by Blue Gown— Sunbeam, 8 st 9 lbs (Gradwell) Betting : 6 to 4 on Jongleur, 10 to 3 v. Verneuil, 8 to 1 v. Strachino, 10 to 1 v. K.G., and 33 to 1 v. St. Chnstophe Charivari II. led, followed by Jongleur, K.G., Verneuil, and Strachino, St. Christophe and Dark Blue coming last. No change took place until the lot had reached the top of the hill, when Charivari II. retired, leaving Jongleur in front. In the descent E.G. overhauled Jongleur, and at the turn home held the lead, but retired immediately, beaten, and Verneuil and Strachino showed in advance of Jongleur.- Half-way up the straight St. Christophe, who had been until then un noticed, rushed through his- horses, and, taking up the . running, increased his lead the farther he went, and won easily by two lengths. Jongleur passed Strachino and Verneuil at the half -distance, and finished second, half a length, in front of Baron de Rothschild's colt, who beat Verneuil for the third money by a neck; E.G. was fifth, and (he others walked in. Time, by Benson's chronograph, 3 minutes 21 seconds. Value of the stakes, £5303. The Northumberland Plate at Newcastle brought out a good field of sixteen, and resulted in the victory of Hamp ton, by Lord Clifden out of LadyLangdon, 5 years, 8sr. 12 lbs., the top weight, on whom Webb caught Archer nappingon Glendale, and won a grand race by a short head. The Newmarket July Meeting is now being held, and file Prince of Wales is taking a short holiday on the classic heath. The two-year-old races, the July and Chesterfield stakes, are the principal events ; of these the ( former went to the Duke of Westminster's Strathfleet, by Scottish Chief out of Masquerade, the latter to L»r I Falmoutu's Childeric, who beat a dozen runners. ? 