, V 'THK LkTB MBB. J. H. bourne Spectator of Satnrrf y last : -1 "Tbelate Mrs. J. H Scott, of Hamilton ,vaa I»cn Ja jap J2thof ngngl; AOJ" jor. ana Mra. isooit came to AdttHUia; ind !«ter reading - ih'Melbonrbe land W,lli»m»tortn foe about ,$en -yekre thby removed to ..Hunilton. -It- was diitiog Jier : sdott came into the 'enj&ymtiit; 'ot trne : rtimidn; She was at Una time eonneoted with the <phmdi of -Kngland/jtiid Anringa-«erie>;o triilj' converted to God. "-She 6ttenipakh-bf thti timhish oheW jgr&ispirifciid; -goad, 'and. never dost the -delight in-divini thiols then enkindle in ker spot. For some time after removing to Hamilton tile tafagkt a cleas ih the Chnrch of England' Sehbalh' School, and when she derided1 to jrin- tbe Wesleytii Church reoeiveda hendsotne .Bible -from. the echblere, and cordial expressions of. the. confidenceaOd eeteemofjterfellow-laboirere. The T.sdies' Be"neVolent Soaety kail - her1 warmest and moat ieneigetii -enpport.' She was connected with it f rom ate fornrition, and for some years hddjboth offices of secre tary and treasurer. - About a year ago symp toms nnfavonrahle Co health andlohgtirity first appeared. ISbe" was fnUy ' tonscioda of her danger, and expressed confidenmthat in - Buffering and death, God would notforeake her. During the last eight months Mra. Scott was very ill, and endored perioda of ercrnrimtiog pain. A visit -«o Portland -was tried, 'bat without beoeGt. She grednsllji grew woree, end reinrned to Hamilton about a week before ahe passed, away, The It-v. Mr. Ick, who 8aw.1ier frecjuebtly during her last aickneas, writes:— 4 Her resignation to- the Divine will waa periect ; and though ehe: a offered at times from extreme senaitivEoeaa - of conscience, her confidence in Christ was btrong, enabling her at fast to triumph'over death. One of her medical advisers said' to her, "Von have hope, Mrs. Scott!' alluding to her prospect beyond the grave. She re plied,. 'It is more than hope; I ktunr that Christ is mine, and 1 jam His, and I' long to be with him.' Oo Sunday night, 11th tilt., she feelingly joined in 'singing- the hymn, . .'I'm. going home to die no more.' Her prayers for her relatives and friends, were.- must earnest, and her sdmonitioos to ail who visited her chamber ' most' solemn and touching." On Thursday, 15th February, the arunmotiB Came, and the aoolof 'enr friend Jentmad into rest. < A.Iady, in taking her morning gaps,- |lately, pht her jaw out of joint, and it : was; two days before the doctor -could get it in'place again. Her hnsband 'sayB lie jhasn't had- each a vacation since his 'married life begaii. ' A gentleman has named two 'canaries, , " Wheeler" and "Wilson."-" His reason ;for this appellation is that neither of I themare " Singers." A poor fellow seeking fer'emphnmnt ' in a Chicago telegraph-office finally asked to be hired as a tdqgreph pole.- It was no nee; every post was fiflL' j A Worcester mother, having occation to reprove her seven-year-old daughter for playing with'some rnde children, re ceived in reply : — " Well, 'ma, some -folks don't like "bad company," but I alwaysiiid." . 1 A loving British "wife's postscript to a letter addressed to" her husband in New York : — -" Dear William, I' have perused the police reports and morgue returns every day, hoping to see your name." The other day, in an np-town. New York' residence, a ring at the door was heard, and the servant girl, calling to her mistress, said —".Please, mUm, go to the door,' an' efite anybody for 'me; tell 'em I'm enged." A YotNG TiAriY in Indiana committed suicide the other day. Her last words were': — "I did' it because. I did it" Yet, notwithstanding this lncid state ment, a great many people are still in doubt '-as to why she did do it. If any man possessed evety qualification for success in life, it is probable that he would remain quite stationaiy. The ; consciousness of bis powers would tempt j him to omit opportunities. Those who : do succeed,' ordinarily owe their success to some "disadvantage under which they , labour. It is the struggle against difficulty that .brings faculties into play. It is told of the late Doctor Winter . Hamilton, of Brighton; that one' day he; went into the'town to buy a fish. ' The i fishmonger was a' female' member of the j; Society of Friends!.. Having made his:' purchase, he requested' her to send it to; his house. ' " What iBt.hy hddreEs !'"asked.i she. He replied, " Direct to the Rever end W. Hamilton," at jsuch a place, j She hesitated a tittle, and. then. taking aj card and pen aid ink, she. handed themj to him, and said, ."Perhaps thou wilt reverencethyaelL" ; Woman's LoVm— a; .French woman will love her.h'nsband if he is eitherwitty| or chivalrous; a'Gerinan woman, if he is; constant and faithful; a Dutch woman, : if he does noVdisturirhetjease and com-j: fort too mnch'a Spanish wbman,'"ff1iie) wreaks vengeahce on those -who incur his displeasure ; an J Italian 'womhn, if he; is dreamy andpheticM ; a Danish" yromah if he thiiiks 'thkt her native coimby is the hriittot find happiest" oil earth ; 'a ' Russian woman; if he despises ' all WesternWs ks inisetable baibwians ; an Ameriren woman, if he "'has plenty -'of ' money. . ; ; j , Tsffi WipqW'B ' YigrrM.— A stqiy has j been 'going' The toilnds'' in Clermont, 1 which lias "qcdatibiied ' much merriment ' and fully bears .out 'old Tony Welter's advice to his'6on Sam about the danger of manying ' widows. ,,'It'" seems' thSt1; a ' commission agent; of whose' brief; yet ' briliiantqareier assti auctioneer, both" of' theEpdjhamptonlocaliewEpapers "lave ' a lively recollection, wooed and won a. a widow, fat, fur and forty, when bis fiqUeyfneqn was diBtortied by. the pre- jsre'tatatian of a bfll'forhis "wife's deceased' ashands '.fanefal",'_ kqwoasa, -'' .whflh" amounto a consid erahle sum.1 D- it, ' whala sOiJeiclaimedthe irate : fiusband. ! Never mind, Llyod, deaf. 'saSd hisplaenr vzor, Fil roe your"s 'paid niyirelf"tb"pre- vciit ffisapiritinent— Nortiujrvi'ifryits.j . . After tiie close of the ''Gernish'' Pariy - ment the'members tookjpkrt jin a'cnriois- And uoiqu'e ceremony. A "FishDihner " had been started at the 'efbse pf fhie seerion, , in imitation of ' the Engtish vriiitebaSt dinner, but this was sncreeded tbiB year by ;a " Wiiie ToBting."- The 'jplan1 beibgknown, every ' vringrovnng distnet qf Geitnany responded liberally, ;ahd 'I292 bottles figured bn the brdet of 'tiie day ait this Pariiameutary " seance " —or lour bottles a head for ejuffi'metnber. With outriders, howevri',' 400; persons assembled, and; Liberals and "Ultiiimon- - tauea, Conservatives And Deindfcrats, - sat in harmonioas Conclave. - The firat wine; bn-thelist TraAfiomJPoiCT, tiie land ' of -frost and enow, gTOwnj i Nie cfestMe' 4>f one of.tiieeputie'And 'labdlei laci lym-Petri." .proline piarons Inhreted' evbr dmnk of fhat' 'e :was :pqmpdled f»'gbput -aud TOepbitteilj. flowed -iia order Siuton, KhinA;-SIfliill<v priuinbag,' Badehy, pro- Jreions. Lad; of lsti:«eAiMU'Imp of BMne -nine from ' tite. tRsro ;:v>f ie She'cnnous ca\culationisjriide that, reckoning interest aud compound interest, every drep ' wsb worth- d£100,000, - and« each glass-(taking a. thousand, drops to a glass) sf hdhdred toiltirms'utmihig: »- -The- Times- of - fttdta- stateB-Tbat -at Travancore asect has. sprung up, calling , iteelf. 'I The Six' Years People," under the leadership of a- pseudo-prophet, , Justus Joseph by. name, whose mother WaB a singer in a Hindu Temple, and a wopuu ofa hysterical tomperaunent. In I England or America she wonld probaljly haye. been; a 'professional medium . He has got together about 500 followers-; buthe.tekescweto admit .no proselytes but such as are in good circumstances, and upon whom he levies, a heavy tax. The low caste people are not "even pro vided with-? free seats," bat most stand', outside the chnrch. They are not -to be' admitted until Justus Joseph receives a special " revelation." About eighteen priests have joined them, and these 'he' has re-ordained as he pretends to have, obtained "the direct inspiration o'f the Holy Ghost." According to the Times of India, Justus Joseph ; " goes about with his mother, brothers, and an excited crowd, beating a drum and preaching as he walks, with wild cries and. groans, hysterical movements, and fierce beatings of the breast ' We have seen,' said one of the missionaries, ' almost the whole ofa Syrian congregation actually shaking. — ooe might say dancing — under the terrible excitement' They go in formal procession to church, singing and ringing a bell, and after wandering, around it three times they enter. At the four corners of the table, known as the throne of God, stands the ' four tiring creatures,' and round there the ' four and twenty elders.' First the new disciples are ' sealed ' by one known as the ' Ass- prophet,' before this they are passed through the 'strait gate' formed by the Urine of two persons.- Then tiie whole congregation begin dancing and jumping wildly in a circle to the- tune of Tamil lyrics, ciying ' Christ will' come.' It is then in-thin fervid frenzy that they give full vent to their feelings in a crowded and lengthy service in the heated atmos phere of an unventilated church.; It is then that their amentia! duty of (detailed open confession before the whole "congre-. gatiqn takes place, and gives rise to scenes ofa horeiblenature," 