WESLEYAN HOME MISSIONS. The annual meeting of the Ovens and Murray branch of the Wesleyan Home Missions was held in the Wesleyan Church, Beechworth, on Tuesday evening, the chair being occupied by Mr B. Dawborn. After the usual devotional exercises, conducted by the Rev. J. H. Tuckfield. The CHAIRMAN briefly explained the object of the gathering, to give people a clearer insight in Home Mission work, and to urge the claims it had on their sympathy and support. Whilst all were pleased to hear of the gospel being preached in foreign countries — even in France and Rome — they should not neglect those who were perishing at home for lack of knowledge. The speaker then alluded to the great work being done in the colony in the way of secular education, and as it was incumbent upon them equally to look after the spiritual education of those around them, unless such movements as the Home Mission were supported, people would grow up in vice and ignorance. In many parts of the colony, where selection had lately been going on, there was a great lack of places of worship, and it was places such as these which needed help from the mission. The Rev .M. DYSON read the report which showed that last year 19 circuits received grants and this year only 14, the amounts granted being £1200 and £810, the reason of tbe decrease being that the money at the committee's disposal was inadequate. The pressure on some circuits was very great, and the committee hoped that the members in large and prosperous circuits would continue kindly to remember and help their brethren in those that are poor and feeble. The mission work had been satisfactorily carried on, and several new stations formed. In this district, Benalla had prospered, there having been two churches erected during the year with 88 members and 6 on trial, 10 local preachers and 3 exhortors; whilst £157 2s 4d had been raised towards tbe missionary's support ; whilst Barnawartha had been separated from Albury, and with Rutherglen, Corowa and other places formed into an in dependent circuit. At Loddon, St. Arnaud, Horsham, Toolamba, Alexandra, Mount Hope, and Runnymede, extra men have been sent with satisfactory results. The report further said : — Mr M. Burnett has labored during the past nine months in the Clunes, Blackwood, Steiglitz, Daylesford, and Castlemaine Circuits; and in all, or nearly all the circuits in the Ovens and Murray district. He has been heartily welcomed and assisted in his work in every place, and the reports state that every where he has had a large measure of success Many have been rescued from intemperance, and not a few have been converted to God. The mission work in Melbourne has been earnestly carried on. The missionary has continued to labor in the worst parts of the city, where ungodliness, and vice, and misery abound. He has gone into the streets and lanes preaching the Gospel, visiting from house to house, distributing tracts, and in every way trying to raise the fallen and save the lost. In his mission lie has been greatly assisted by a singing band that has zealously labored with him among the outcast classes. All the results of such a work can never be reported. It is known that there has been some blessed cases of conversion, and that some have been gathered into the church, who are now walking in the fear of the Lord and the comfort of the Holy Ghost, but all the good done, the great day alone will declare The committee have determined to employ another missionary in the city this year who will labor among the thousands in Collingwood. They have also resolved to send as soon as possible a missionary to Brandy Creek and Traralgon. Another should soon be sent to the country beyond Shepparton, and another to Lake Bourt. The last named district has been under the care of the Rev. A. R. Edgar who has laboured hard to supply the Methodists there with religious services; but it is too large a district to be worked by any one minister. The amount raised during the year was £2,152 14s 3d, and the report concluded with an earnest appeal for help. The Rev. J. H. TUCKFIELD, in an inter esting speech, dwelt upon the importance of the work and spoke of the colonial heathens who needed religious instruction as well as the savage, and their reason would lead them to see that it was their duty to do their ut most towards helping forward an institution intended to raise their fellowmen, make them useful members of society, and bring them into the fold of Christianity. On the score of policy, too, they ought to help those who helped themselves. The speaker here illus trated what he meant, by alluding to places where a few workers did their utmost, but needed help. He spoke especially of a young preacher, Mr McCann, who started off into a distant part of the colony of which he knew nothing, his whole stock-in-trade consisting of his horse, saddle, and bridle and swag, but he rode on, was everywhere hospitably treated and was the means of forming a circuit where before there had been no regular religious meetings. He himself had several applica tions from distant parts to go and preach which he could not entertain, and instanced one place where he went, and the place was crowded by people eager to hear the Gospel. If they supported this mission, they would make their church a success in the world. It was what Christ expected and wished them to do, and in order that they might help for ward the time when He should have the heathen for His inheritance, and the utter most parts of the earth for His possession. The Rev. J. G. MILLARD showed that it was equally necessary to support Home Missions as Foreign, as despite the fascination which stories of foreign work had for all, the souls of those around them, which needed saving, were as valuable as those of the Fijian or the Samoan. He spoke highly of Beechworth, and was glad to see its people enjoyed such religious advantages. 31 years ago he had entered the ministry, and felt more than ever the vast importance of the work, which had wonderfully progressed since first he landed in the colony. Then there were only two ministers in Victoria, one the father of Mr Tuckfield. He then spoke of the rapid strides made in the colony in arts, and commerce and social progress, and pointed out how Methodism had equally ad vanced. He highly valued the present system of education; but thought the instruction ob tained in the State School would be of little value unless supplemented by that imparted in our Sabbath schools. What they wanted was more fire to warm up the church, which was in danger of getting cold. Prayer was what was needed to intensify their interest. The speaker urged upon them the need of greater liberality. He referred to the work done by the church in Beechworth, and trusted in the future they would do as well. Just as the miners and farmers in the district required at the present time floods of water to enable them to carry ou their operations; and as these floods all originally arose from small sources, so the Home Mission wanted floods of money, which must originate from small beginnings. A collection was taken up at the close of the reverend gentleman's telling address, which was a most liberal one. After the usual votes of thanks, the meet ing separated. We may add that during the evening the choir, under the leadership of Mr J. P. Dalton, sang several pieces remarkably well. Miss M. Dyson very ably presiding at the harmonium. ____________________________ The Wool Market.— Messrs Goldsbrough and Co. report : — We have nothing of impor tance to report in this market, business hav ing been characterised by more than the usual dulness of the season. The arrivals during the past month have been trifling, and trans actions have been limited to a few small sales, at which abont 500 bales were catalogued. There was an average attendance of buyers, and greasy parcels were fairly competed for, and realised full rates ; but the scoured lots offered, being mostly of inferior quality and in faulty condition, were rather neglected. Since the closing of the May-June series of sales we are without any information of note of the London market, which is generally reported as quiet. The next series of sales will commence, it is announced, on the 14th inst ; and it further appears that it has been determined to restrict the quantity of the new arrivals to be offered in this series to 300,000 bales, exclusive of the 60,000 held over from previous sales, making a gross total of 360,000 bales to be catalogued. Under ordinarily favourable ciacumstances, and with no undue interference with the usual course of trade, this would be considered a large supply for the season of the year ; considerable anxiety will, therefore, be felt by shippers as to the effect of the recent development of the Eastern question on the manufacturing interest. We are glad to note that in some of the pastoral districts they have had more favourable weather, with a consequent improvement in the prospects of the ensuing clip ; but on the whole we cannot seriously modify the estimate we have already given of a deficiency in the gross export of wool for the coming season. The lambing is now nearly over, and there is no doubt that the percentage of increase will be under the average. Shearing operations have already commenced in some of the northern sheds, but in Riverina and New South Wales generally, shearing will be fully a month later than last season. A Meteor. — An interesting stranger will probably be found somewhere in the Blackwood Ranges. The Bacchus Marsh Express of Saturday last, by its Blackwood corres pondent, says : — A very large meteor fell on Tuesday night between the Blue Mountain and Barry's Reef. A miner proceeding to work at the Sultan says that he distinctly heard the crash of trees, where it struck. Mrs Scott- Siddone. — When journeying from Cootamundra to Murrumburrah on Wednesday (says the Burrangong Argus ) Mrs Scott-Siddons and the other occupants of the coach had a narrow escape from injury. The coachman dropped his reins, and the horses uncontrolled, took the vehicle towards the limb of a tree which grew over the road, and barely allowed room for the coach to pass under it. Mrs Scott-Siddons and her hus band were on the box with the driver, the latter endeavoring, but to no purpose, to re cover the reins, and a shocking catastrophe seemed inevitable, when fortunately the three as if by common consent, had the presence of mind to crouch down on the foot-board, the coach a second afterwards passing under the limb, with scarcely an inch to spare. This is one of the occurrences of a sort almost in- separable fromv coach travelling in this country, but which might have had a termi nation such as to deprive us of the treat which many of us experienced in Thursday evening's entertainment. Inspectors of Public Houses. — These officers who were appointed before the pre sent Ministry came into power will feel their positions to be rather insecure after the re marks made by Mr Lalor in the House last night. In reply to a question by Mr Kernot, as to whether the Government would confirm those appointments, he stated that the matter was under his consideration. His impression was that, though the inspectors were paid high salaries, they did not perform their duties as efficiently as their predecessors, who received much less remuneration. Bread and Water. — A prisoner at the Pentridge Stockade has been sentenced to forty-eight hours solitary confinement on bread and water for writing a letter to a person at Wangaratta. An Irishman called on a lady and gentle men in whose employ he was, for the purpose of getting some tea and tobaceo. " I had a drame last night, yer honor," said he to the gentleman. " What is it, Pat ?" " I dramed last night that yer honor gave me a pound of tobacco, and your lady there — Heaven bless her— gave me some of the most beautiful tay that I ever tasted." " Ah, Pat, but dreams go by contraries you know," said the gentle man. "Faith, and they may that," said Pat, " so yer lady is to give the tobacco, and yer honor to give me some of Younger's cheer-me-up tay. Hurrah !" 