"OAEVlN AND SERVETUS. Where: there was all tbis malignant perse- outing- virulence on one side, backed -by. material power, and on the otber nothing but individual ' weakness, the arguinente of reaeob, and a plea' for liberty of conscience, and for the same rights as the reloi mere themselves assumed, the end oould not be doubtluJ. Otlvin left no meows untried to secure the oonviotio'n of the prisonor, and indeed to< k Bnch oouraps as would not have been allowed under the procedures of the Holy Inquisition. Writing to his friend Fare), ho e pi cased the hope that " the sentence would be capital at the least."-- And in a letter, written when the sentence was passed, his joy is unbounded and undisguised. The terrible sentence was finally passed on the unfortunate man, who had din ing his long trial been suffering the greatest privations and miseries in gaol, and was borne with fortitude and dignity. It is pathetio to observe throughout that Servetns felt himself unable to understand how men who were themsel ves seceders from the universal chnich of Christendom, and in consequence were tuder condemnation as heretics, could refuse to allow him the s nne right of interpreting the Bib o aooording to his ow.n reason and conscience whioh tbey claimed for themselves. But he was doomed to experience, and to be remem- bered in history as the great example of the faot that " presbyter is but old priest writ large" and that in changing their, denominations theologians by no means change their natures. He was, by the agency ..of Calvin, and with the general approval of the Swiss Reformed Church condemed to. death on articles which, as DS Willis writes, "involve none but topics of tfanBcendental dogmatic theoiogy— a sub ject which to reasonable men has now lost aK most all the significance it once possessed, but which has a largo historical interest, as show-, ing, in contrast with present viewB, the pro gress tvbich'bas been made from datkness into light and as illmtraling the great, yet per sistently neglected, truth, that the . religious feelings are no sate guides of conduct .'jwh.cn.' dissevered from the other emotiooal elements of hum no natures, in balanced action arnopg themselves, enlightened by science and asso ciated with: reason. lteligion bap, in fact," proceeds our author, "at no time ; been the oiviliser' 6f; mankind, as so commonly said, hut has itself been civilised through ad van cts, made in .science lor the knowledge .of/nature, and in general refinement. -Brutal aod blood stained among savages and the barbarous but policied'pe'opies oi antiquity, Assyrians, Ohal- deanir,:E«yplian?, Hrbtews cruel and intoler ant among, newer nations' well-advanced in artB rend letters; but ignorant of the world they lived in, and the universe around them— religion has only become humane .us Science has been suffered, to shed her ennobling light, and will fiist ptove truly beneficial when Piety is seen to.consist in stud/ of the laws of nature, which arh the laws of God, and worship is ac knowledged to be comprised in reverential ob servance of. their behests." ' :The sentence passed by the Reformers on the reforming Spaniard was ciue'-ly executed.' It is hot fiom.a desiie to jquo.te a painful psss- age, but merely to show the unshaken-" forti tude- aod .resignation with which ' the victim met his fate that wo. extraot the paragraph descriptive; of the execution.', .... . " When he came in sight of the fatal , pile, the wretched Servetus prostrated himself on the ground, and for a while was absorbed in prayer..: Rising and advancing a few steps, be found himself in thehandaoftheexeculiontr, by whom he was made to sit on a block, his feet just' reaeiiiojg the ground. His'body was then bound to the Btake behind him by several turns of .an iron chain, whilst his neck was .Becui.ed I iV.like manner by the coil of a hempen rope, j His- two books — the one in manuscript sent to i Calvin in confidence six or eight years befote. 1 for bis strictures, and a copy uf the one lately ! printed at Yienbe— were then fastened to his j waist, and his head was encircled in mockery ! with achaplet of straw and green twigs be- : strewed! with brimstone. The deadly torch j was then applied to; the faggots and the flames i rising— wrung from the victim such a cry;, of anguish aB stiuck terror into the surrounding crowd.. After Ibis he was bravely silent. But the 'wood being purposely green, although the people aided the executioner in heaping' the faggots upon him, a long halt hour elapsed before he ceased to show BignB of life and of suffering, lmmediatly before , giving up the ghost with a last expiring effort, be cried aloud : — ' Jesu, tbou San of the eternal God, have' compassion upon me!' A'lwaBitben hushed save the hissing and crackling of ; the green wood ; and by and byo there . remained no more of what had been Miobael Servetus but a charred and.blackened trunk and a hand ful of aBher. So died, in advance of his age, one of the giftsd s ns of God, the victim of religious fanatio'sm and personal hale." ' The dark deed and the passions which gave rise to it have long passed away, and we now see that nothings Servetus could have done in his life could have Lenefi ed maukind so much as the lassoes inforced by his death. It taught 'them the uaelesaness of looking fori improvement in charity or gains to human , liberty from mere, reforms in tLeo'ogy and; church government. It showed thut reform ing theologians were theologians still, pre- pared now, a3 before, to enforce their new subtleties by the terrors of persecution, at whatever cost to humanity, and at whatever -disregard of the common duties of man to man. There is a - terrible significance, about the fate of Servetus, more impressive then iu the slauohter of thousands of victims by the Roman Catholio Ioqu:sition. - -Australasian. 