GHOST, OR NO GHOST, THAT IS THE QUESTION. To THE EDITOR OF THE W. A. TIMES. BEEAR MEASTUR EDITOR-I du feel that as a god thing for to have somebody to bear to for advice when he is in trouble, an Merbein about the most knowledgeable man wot I do know in these beer pearls I do think I will peal to you in this beer present lease, laws I am a poor ignorant man, an Then nearly fastened bout of my life with wot I have heard sad an I do live bout in the booth, an sometimes I do win k late in the afternoon and du have to cure home about 12 cook a quite, an ded beer that they as a secret wot do so bout beer or nites. did hear that he retired to a man and his wife were they were in ed, an he did be worth great hob nail boots was ded sound like thunder and earthquakes, as headed knock about the dome and the tappets an kittens an kicks an pass an meak sum house, and then he did go in the bedrooms three times, first he won with like a decent spent an then he wore black like if he be worked in a smoky place, an then he won red like if he failed in a red oker not, as headed have a ball of fire in lies can't. He was mortal big day for he died full up the dur way, an sum seagulls say he wore a she speared. But laws they the people work sum friend, an first they sudden tel nobody, but the woman did have a friend as she could she, say she could neither an at died came to my heels. Wei like a sensible man I didn't have st, and up an sed ther warn't no ghosts nor secrets hout beer in this country cases they suddent cross the line won at drawed cross the middle of the world. I told them was all very well to talk about Muddy bones and secrets as they cheer things going about the old country, but they knowed better cure bout hero in this listened country wot as full of knowledge as wise men who sudden blew in them lorry hit. Wei I talked to them for sum time like that cheer and they seemed as ef they were given little bit less trained ; but wan on Id elapsed yes all very fine for thee to talk that way Tom, but these seem herself p'raps for long ; but I away landed the I felt little bit friend, for I want quite so brave as I wanted to make hout. Wei, next week I was out in afternoon, and his suite went work going past where they used the Bperrit died liv, I felt little bit shaky about the knees for a few minutes, but after I gave past the place a bit I begin- for the vessel army Burrage gave up fine. But I haddon gown for fore seed summer and dressed in white close started up rite afore me ; as he kept green and golden like as if he was bad in his belly and laws ! my heart goved won great big flop as I try to tell my press so fast as I did ; but no press sudden cum. An then I tried to tell a him, but I sudden repellent was an he kept on green as if he won had an work going for a bite me an my heart went up state upon my bed, as my heart went down in my boots, on my knees knocked won gin a number tell I nearly failed down. Awl to wance he opened lies checks as if he were going for to spake, when a cock crowed and there was a great flashes her life, and then a lawful stick of brimstone and strike, or else breasts ne by itself, I sudden sickly tell such an he won gown. I waited for a moment, and then I howitt d for my life, an dedden stop no more till I saw in bed with all my close up, an Kuvera hup my held in the blanket. Tea and job I am married, fur I shall have entered my wife about her wits of I had ben. Now, Meastur Heditur, I do want to know wot of as best for the du bows this beer thing. This hear Bperrit will fatten people owe their wits of his left to go about all dressed up in with close in middle of the rates like this beer. Wot do or think of as best for the du ? Doant ee think at wad be a good thing for to try an git this beer sparred put out by the way sum how or other. Twill tank a brave few good strong men for the duet I s'pose, an a freeman or so with them. If tes that glad to get hold of a sum nice I saw 2 or 3 brother in laws was ill lend ear to catch up, at all make any other sacrifice I can for to put us back in es paper please. Ill buy a pound of salt for to put pen c3 tale of that as a god thing for the catching well. But I meant go out after myself, for I heard stay the rite air sense I seed that old chap rather nice. Please tell me wot you think the best for the du, and ill thank ed. I am yours truly TOMMY DODD. Between York and Nukasl, May the tenth. [Our acquaintance with ghosts is confined to that of Hamlet's father's. Ed.] 