FICTION. (Fro ID Enfillftli, AnirHc*n, auil other Periodic alf.) THE FALSE HEIR ; on, THE BELLE OF THE SEASON. CHAPTER XLV. On the morning of the day subsequent to the fugitive's flight from Walter Loraine's chambers, the Earlof Montford was crouched in a great arm-chair in his gas-lighted library, wearing a look of gloomy fear and suspicion, such as had characterized him in his strange moods of late. Since his midnight and surreptitious visit to the bedside of Walter Lornine's guest, he had shut him- self up in the solitude of the librnry, denying ad- mittance to every one excepting his page, the patient Julian. The countess, alarmed at his conduct, had besought on interview with him, but he bad refused her re quent, alleging that it wouljl cause him the most intense and painful exciterne'nt to see any one in the present stOOTof his hejcTf-diseafe. Her ladyship had then sent nun a'Tnessfrge by the page praying bim to allow her to send for tliè^lamily physician, but this request had not only been treited with impatience aud contempt, but received a peremptory denial, and the countess had desisted from her efforts to see or contribute to the comfort of her husband, taking refuge in the society of Mrs. Tomlins, who listened patiently to all her complaints. The Lady Geraldine, too, remembering how well »he had succeeded in interesting the earl in Walter's mysterious guest, essayed to gain admittance to the library, but his lordship betrayed positive fear on bearing her gentle voice at the door, and she was obliged to retreat, full of alarm at his strange be- havior. The page kept his post just outside the library, evidently watching lor u knock upon the street-door that never carne, lor at every sound of a visitor he would Btart up, with his hand on the knob' of the library-door, as if to announce an expected arrival, and every time he sank back with a look of disap- pointment. On the particular morning to which we have drawn our render's attention, the page appeared more nervous and expectant thin usual, starting at every Bound as with an expectant look which soon faded, giving place to one of annoyance and sorrow. . But at length a peculiar knock, the same that always announced the earl's mysterious visitor caused him to spring to his feet with a look of relief, and he hastened to the door in advance of the footman, who had been dozing in his chair. The person whom he admitted was disguised'as usual, but the page recognized him, and conducted him to the library, ushering him into his master's presence, then resuming his position outside the door. The visitor found the earl cowering in his' chair ; and as he entered, his lordship started up m a wild fright, putting out both hands as/f to ward off an expects^ blow. _, ¿r " Oh, IMSJÍOU, is it P^said thg nobleman, as the new comer advanced tt>>Ji^sideÄ " How long J have waited for yoth Whht hasdetayed. you?" ' - j As ho spoke the earl clasped his hands over his heart, which, with its tumultuous, irregular be.uiiiRs seemed to swell within him lo twice its usual size, und beat wildly against its bars Jikea bird in the at- tempt to escope. ? O' '¡j ¡ " I esme as soon as I could, my lord," replied the visitor,'--removing his hat, and revealing his face 'to he that of Doctor Mure. "I have been detained by unexpected circumstance?. But how white ana', ghostly you look, my lord. What ean be the mat- ter ?" V ' j " Ob, it's only that old heart disease, doctor," re- plied- the earl. " Thia excitement-that is, I've had some excitement lately, and it injuree me. 'At times it seems to me as though my heurt would burst." ISTlie doctor looked grave, and said : | |tV' You ought to do something for if, my lord. Your disease is very serious, aud I inu-it say candidly you seem to be getting worse every time I see you. You do not look nearly so well as you did the other night. ' If you object to employ your family physician, my lord, I might prescribe forv 3011." "Not no1" interrupted Wie earl, with a shudder that did ,not escape the kJeu eyes of Doctor Mure. *' You'ie wel^nough in jfwur way, doctor, but leully I have no neea oï> &ph;íticiaa ; it is singular how .. every one combines to anVpy ma about my disease, ?when all I require is pertect quiet and freedom from excitement. But you haven't told me yet of your success. The lunatic is dead ?" " Not yet, my lord." The earl turned an angry, frightened glance at the doctor, and pressed his hand closer over his heart. " I have had some annoyances and drawbacks i since your visit to Mr. Loraine's rooms," remarked the doctor deprecatingly, " and they have prevented my visiting you since that night." " You dont mean to say that the person has es- caped ?" demanded the earl hoarse!«. " Oh, no, .in'deed, tnv lord^-I-will explain every- thing as it bappeneqyíjnd ydu shall judge for your- self of my faithfulness. Afüjr letting you out, of Mr. Loraine's house that nignt, I returned to the sick man, and not to lose time, immediately mixed for him a draught that, if he had taken it, would have put an end to him and his schemes forever." "'Then he didn't take it?" inquired the earl breathlessly. " No, my lord, as you shall see. As I handed it to him, I noticed that he was recovering his conscious- ness and reason, and I hastened to induce him to drink it. My efforts were ef no «vail, and I tried to nour the drug down his throat, but he recovered his senses fully in the struggle, pulled; off my disguise, and gave a yell that would nave aroused the seven leepers," Tue earl gave a hollow groan and clutched atjhis side, as if the pain ot his heart had'become unen- durable. - ' I "And the», my lord," continued Doctor Mure, " before I could recover myself br snatch* back my" false hair, Mr. Loraine and his servant rushed into the room, and the patient told them who I was, and I was ignominiously expelled from the house." ! " But why didn't you come here'immediat'ely and tell me all this ?" demanded the earl, hoarsely and .hrilly. " By this time everything is known. a-Who is this coming? 1-1 hear some one. Oh, my heart?" . . J,. He had started up wildly when declaring that-ne heard the approach of some one, but he BOW sank hack, ghastly and death-like, his eyes starting out, his breath coming in gasps, and his Angers clutching frantically at bis heart. ( "PBi my lord," cried the doctor, in affright, What can I do ? No one is coming. I have not told you all," The earl showed signs of getting bettsr at this announcement, and Mare seized a flagon that stood on the table and eprinked a quantity of the per- fumery it contained in the face of the earl, then chafing his hands and loosening his garments. \ " I-I feel better," gasped his lordship, after> several minutes had thus paused, " Go on. I want to hear more." Mure resumed his seat, remarking: " I quite thought that attack too much for you, my lord. _ There's no need for such excitement. After leaving Mr. Loraine's chambers, I thought of coming to you, but concluded to spare you all anxiety and not come until I could make a favourable re- port" His lordship began to breathe more freely. " I had some of my men with me, or near at hand, my lord, and set a couple of them to watch the house, one ef them to follow Mr. Loraiue wherever he went, and the other to let me know of his first absence from his rooms, it not being easy to take, the patient, duriBg his presence, And then I con- cocted a warrant on my own hook, to take the sick man with, and «bowed it to a newly appointed policeman, who knew more about Irish bogs than letters, not being able to read a word, attaouga he pretended he could« Enlisting bim, and taking my man, I went up to Mr, Loraine's chambers, gained admittance after some time, and found that the patient bad fled upon getting wind of my ap- proach-" "What?" " Yes, my lord ; but wait and hear all-I have not yet finished. While there, Mr. Loraine came in, and I made the discovery^that the very cautious patient had not even told him his history, not given him the faintest clew to his identity." . The earl uttered a cry of joy. "And then, my lord, I pursued the fugitive,in company with my assistant, the policeman dropping off upon his beat, quite contented with the liberal fee I had given him, and suspecting nothing what- ever of the truth. I and my assistant followed the truck of the fugitive, who was singularly disguised, and last night we carne upôn.him in a house where he had found refuge, and took'jhim prisoner He is now in safe custody, and no onie suspects anything about him." , S His lordship was rejoiced/át this statement,'and regarded the doctor with feen scrutiny, becoming quite satisfied ot his truthfulness and sincerity. Suspicious as wasJHsaiatureyho would have taken the alarm ihttùediawtfy-Tf he han been less absorbed in his own emotions, and had noticed the frequent apprehen«ive glances the doctor cast ia the direction of the door. In truth, the doctor and his asssistnnthad searched diligently and unremittingly for the fugitive, had traced him through several streets, bad found the cabman he had emplo\ed,'had been driven to the spot where the invalid bad first alighted, but beyond that they could discover no trace of him. The quarter of the town to which the fugitive had first proceeded, was at a long distance from the one to which he bad driven in the second cab, and the latter vehicle had not been taken from a cab- stand, but had happened to be passing at the mo- ment he signaled it. These facts eoupled with the other precautions adopted by the fugitive, completely baffled his pur- suer«, and Doctor Mure's statement of having cap- tured him was simply a fabrication to allay the earl's fears and to gain money. He had, however, not yet given up the pursuit, having stationed one spy in the vicinity of Walter Loraine's residence to watch tor the return of the fugitive there, or to follow the artist, should be set out to visit the fugitive elsewhere He had also stationed an able assistant near th» mansion of the Earl of Montford, aüd between these two he hoped soon to effect tlio re-capture of the fugitive. " Doctor," said the earl in a noarse whisper, " we must prevent anr further escape. You mus't put hiui out of the way without; further delay. You understand ?" -X . x " I do, my lord. I will obey yot^tSammand*. The next time I come here I shan bring y<>u positive proofs of his death. Or would j ou prefer to see him tor yourself ?" " Oh, no, no I I could not look upon him dead !" cried the earl with a shuddor. The doctor smiled so significantly that his lordship started demanding hurriedly whatit was he suspected that he should look so strangely. " The truth, my lord," was the cool response. > " The truth ! Why, why, doctor, you know who the patient is 1 I've told you-" " Yes my lord, I know who the patient," replied Mure, emphatically. "I have listened for years to his talk-if you will, his ravings. I know the whole story." The earl seemed hardly to possess life enough to murmur ; " Well, why do you want to keep it all secret ? You know you're implicated too." _ " I know it my lord, and I shall confine my de- mands to something reasonable- say double my promised reward." ,. < His lordship hastened to promise this, and insure the continued secreoy'oE the doctor,who then said : "It you could give mer'some money to-aày~my lord.tj should like it very much.« My expenses have been ¡lieavy of late, these assistants requiring good pay und supporii" ?> ,-.?>" " True,"« answered-1 the earl, '" I wilr- give you something now, but the larger part oE your reward will bo.paid only when you bring ma the proqfsNf hisideathï\lt1shall'ie ready for ypu^ whenever yot> come." " *" The doctor looked a ^little -disappointed that -bef was .to have but a Sfna 1 sum until the^death of trie fugitive, but he concealed, the emotion, watching} the, earl .unlock a drawer in the table beside him ana .'produce a single hund5*d,pound Bank-note. . JÍ As deeply in debt as me! lordsb^j»»w,'he aftrays managed to have a siipplytif meneY«»} hand,\ei baps with a view to paying Doctor Mure. ' \ Handing the bank-note to the doctor, he repeated' his remark that the entire sum promised should be ready tor aim whenever he should bring the infor- mation of the fugutivt'd dentil, and he then made several inquiries in relation to the present where- abouts, of the invalid, all oi which the doctor /an- swered without hesitation, having prepared , hi? answeis beforehand. When the investigation Was concluded, the doctor arose, saying : " I Miall return in a day ortwo, my lord, with proofs of the-the lunatic's death. In the meantime, have no ¡axieties whatever m regard to bira. He is S ife in my keeping, closely guarded, and in a csntinual state of stupor, under the influence'of drugs, so that there can be no possibility ot his escaping or raal-inp you trouble. Meat while, my lord," he added, " lE jou'll allow me to make a suggestion, I would beg you to see a doctor-" "Nonsense!" interrupted the earl, impatiently. " It is true that at times my heart seems gnawed by a vulture, and at other times to be sqeezed between iron fingers, and again seems to swell almost to bursting ; but it is in consequence o£ my late excite- ment. I ara not at all old yet, and my family were renowned for their long life and excellent health. I shall live forty years yet, if lam reasonably care- ful." " You may, if you are very careful, my lord," said Doctor Mme, împreesively ; " but if you allow your- self to become excited easily, you may drop off with- out a moment's warning." The earl received this statement as emanating from a desire to practice upon bim with medicines, and dismissed it without further thought. The doctor soon after took his departure. When he had gone, the ear), reassured by Mure's false assertions in regard to the fugutive, arose, flinging aside the shawls with which he was in cumbered, and-summoned his page, who seemed surprised, on entering, te"beJiold the favorable change that ¿ad taken place in hisWdship's aspect. J " Turn off the gas and open\he cùVanje, JuliaV" commanded the earl, walking tto and'fro. "J leal better-in fact, quite well again," ' The page expressed bia pleasure, at bis lordship's recovery, and hastened to obey bis commands, while the* earl quitted <tb'e library and proceeded to the 'morning room, the resort of ^he family after break At the moment of lui entrance itfwas occupied by the countess, the Lady Geraldibé, and Mrs. Tomlins ' The former waa diseussing with the latter the pro- priety of giving a Dall during the illness of the earl and lamentir-g that MB singular malady should» have inore- ted . just as ehe was in the inidst of her bridal festivities. The Lady Geraldine was seated ata little-distance engaged with the morning paper, and quite oblivious of the conversation between her companion and the countess. The ladies looked up in surprise at the entrance of the earl tbe countess having been informed that very morning by the page that his lordship's illness was becoming greatly aggravated. It waa easy to see that he had been very ill both in body and mind, and his hair looked much whiter than when he had last appeared in the family group. ~" ,. Geraldine arose with a smile to greet her uncle and express her pteajure at his recovery ; but he touched her hand bufrcdTaly and lightly, and seemed to shrink from lier kfcd congratulations. " Pam very^fdad that you are better, Egbert," said the countess coming forward with a winning smile. " But you look like a ghost. What have you been doing to yourself ? Your hair is quite grey, and your face is all wrinkles. You actually look ten years older than you did the other day." " I have been ill, Justina," replied the earl briefly as he took a seat. "True Egbert, but you might have had a doctor, or at least admitted your own wife to your presence. But I suppose you are more usad to the attentions of your page." The »arl assented, and the countess seated herself beside him, forgetting her late aager against him, and endeavouring to divert him by her gaiety and good humour. In this she was sean successful, tbe earl, flinging asid« all disturbing thoughts and seem to experience a pleasant relief in listening to the court gossip with which his wife entertained him. Mrs. Tomlins, on being noticed by the earl, offered her congratulations upon his recovery, and then glided from the roam, leaving the family alone. "Don't go, Geraldine, dear," said the countess, as the maiden seemed about to follow her companion. " I need your services with your uncle, I want a grand ball, you must know, Egbert,'" she added, caressingly ; " a much grander one than that you gave lately. "I've had so many calls, and been in- vited out so much already, that I really ought to give one next week. Will you be well enough then, Egbert, and shall I send out the invitations ?" The earl reflected that before next 'week should have arrived, he would probably be possessed of proofs of the fugutive's death, and he granted bia wife's request, remarking that the gaiety that would be afforded by'a ba'l was all that was required to quite restore his health and gave the proper tone to his mind. " And this evening," he added, " if you ladies are disengaged, I shall be happy to escort you to the opera, Our box, you know, is engaged for the season." Both Lady Geraldine and the countess was passion- ately fond of music, and accepted the invitation, while venturing to remostrate a premature use of the earl nowly-recovered strength. His lordship smiled, and declared that he should be quite well by evening, his recovery being always as sudden as his attacks of illness. The Lady Geraldine spent most of the day in her own apartments, but when evening came made her appearance in the drawing-room, looking quite regal in her beautiful evening dress. The countess was awaiting her, and stated that the carriage was in wAting, and that the earl would be down di- rectly. Even while she was speaking, his lordship entered the room, looking much better than his wife had expected, in full evening dress, and he escorted the ladies to the carriage. As they decended the steps of the mansion, the full light in the corridor behind them revealed their persons distinctly, and they were not unseen. At a little distance from the manison stood a well and fashionably-attired gentleman, leaning upon a walking-stick. There was nothing remarkable in his appearance, his hair and long whiskers being of the fashionable color, and curled, and the dreBS being very quiet, and there was nothing singular in the fact that as he was approaching the mansion he paused to notice the egress of its inmates. And yet that well-dressed, quiet gentleman was no other than the mysterious fugitive, With the money given him by Parkin, be had purchased his present attire and disguise, and had. with many changes of cabs, come to the vicinity of the Earl of Montford'a residence for the purpose of dropping into a letter-box his note to Walter. Wnat other motive had actuated him in coming to Jhùvparticular spot remains to be seen. "The fearful, trightened look that bad hitherto characterized him had altogether disappeared. His countenance wore an expression of coolness, calm- ness, and Belf-reliance. His eyes bad a look of determination and courage, and his bearing was full of resolution and self-possession. That he was still weak was evidenced by the fact that he leaned rather heavily upan his cane ; but be was stronger than might have been expected, con- sidering his recent attack of fever. Ho looked a little surprised when the door of the mansion was flung open, and the countess robed in a dress of silken tissue, scarlet in hue, contrasting with her swarthy complexion, swept down tbe mar- ble stepB and was assisted into the carriage by an obsequious footman. But when the radiant Geraldine, with her white opera-cloak falling accidently from her snowy shoulders, followed the countess, the fugitive breathed hard, setting his teeth firmly together to prevent the utterance of a sound, and tightened his grasp upon his walking-stick. There were sudden tears in his eyes as they rested upon her glowing beauty, and his lips quivered with strong emotion, showing that his being was stirred to its very depths. A moment later and the earl descended the steps, and at the sight of him the fugitive'« countenance grew stern and hard, and his lips acquired an almost fierce expression. The earl stepped into the carriage, gave the order i to ,the footman, '-in a tone sufficiently loud to be ''heard by the observer, and the vehicle then whirled oVay with its living freight. /For a'niömerit or two the fugitive looked after it, , »find then resumed bis walk, passing the mansion with an unusual stateliness of bearing. He had scarcely passed it when he encountered an individual who seemed to be strolling up and down the street while waiting to be joined by a friend. This person he recognized as one of Doctor Mure's keeper's-tho same one who bad accompanied him to Walter's chambers. Ue was the one stationed by the doctor in the vicinity of Montford House, to watch for the fugitive, should he attempt to effect an entrance there. ' As the fugitive recognized .this man, he became paler, rpalizing that his way was hedged about with perils and difficulties, and that ho needed to exercise the ultuost caution and circumspection. But his pallor was his only sign of emotion. The man looked at him keenly, as he loo! ed at | every p sser-by, but not a muscle of the fugitive's countenance flinched, und he gave not the slightest tokon of recogniation, but walked carelessly and slowly onward, even twirling his stick as he proceed- ed, that he might noL seem as weak as he really was. The keeper had no suspicion ot his identity, and after his Ant keen, quick glance, did not look at him again. Still the fugitive did not feel safe until he had pluced several streets between himself and Mont lord House. " I have seen that my way is not cleared he then mused. If I proceed as I intended, I shall be taken by Mure and his assistants, who are on the watch for me. I must srrange another plan. I should Uko to see her again," he added, " I had such a brief glimpse of her on her way to the carriage. That keeper failed to reco »nize me, nnd I shall be quite safe in following them to the opera." Acting upon this impulse, lie signaled a passing cab and was driven to the opwra. He easily succeeded in obtaining an obscure seat, quite at the back of the house, where he was not likely to be noticed, and from this position he found that he had a very good view of. the boxes, several of which were already occupied,. , . Caiing nothing for the music under the pressure of his anxieties, he gave himself up to watching the "occupants of the earl's box, bestowing almost ex- clusive attention upon the hady Geraldine. < "If the miden bad looked radiantly beautiful when pasting from her residence to the carriage Bhe looked far more so now, when sparkling with ani- mation and pleasure. ' Her dress looked simple, yet very elegant, and her shoulders rçere now covered with'a costly lace, which seemed only to enchance her beauty. ; Acuri or'two strayed from ,Üer! bands" of hair, which were ornamenfed with a magnificent spray ot diamonds set to represent flowers, A few ornamentB also adorned her arms and throat but they were scarcely noticed in the splendour of .ber beauty and loveliness. The fugitive gazed at her like one in a trance, her every movement being'noted with a sort of adoring look. ' Once, as she smiled in response' to a remark from the countess, he half-opened his arms and sturted up from his seat, but he remembered himself in lime to esciipe observation from his neichbors. Noticing ihitt she smiled uno bowed to some one in the box opposite her own, he glan;ed in that di rection, and beheld Lady Rosenbury, charming in her mature beauty, accompanied by .Raymond, Lord Rosenbury. He saw that her ladyship, wham he seemed to re cogniz;, greeted the Lady Geraldine with a fond smile, and he «.leo san wit¿h what eagerness Loi d Rosenbury obtfudè^ flimsolf upon the maiden's notice. His greeting was returned by a bow of marked coldness, which seemed to discomfit his lordship, but he appeared reassured when the earl beckoned bim to his box. After communicating with Lady Rosenbury, Ray- mond left her, soon alter reappearing in the earl's box, where he seemed to meet with a cordial recep- tion from all except the Lady Geraldine. It was interesting to watch the studied coolness with which the maiden treated Rosenbury, and how little it seemed to affect him, he appearing not even to notice it. As he watched the «cane, the fugitive seemed to comprehend thoroughly the situation of affairs, and a strange menacing smile rested? for a few minutes upon his stem lips. f As he confteaedytarsgard the Lady Geraldine, there seemed td^lje.^intmng.magnetic in his; gaze, for the maiden moved uneasily, and a look of sadness rested upon her face like a cloud obscuring the splendor of the euri. And then she turned har head, her gaze wandering over the house, at length resting upon the earnest face of the fugitive. As sha did so, it teemed as if each had experienced a magnetic shock. The Lady Geraldine grew pale, and leaned forward, with an eager expression, as if-wishing to obtain a better view of the fugitive, and he »turned her gaze for one moment;»ad the> Jeaned forward, weeping silently. -A » \ For a moment only he gave way-to emotion, which to hie neighbors seemed, if they noticed it, but the effects of the music, and then he subdued it by a violent effort and lifted hit head, a leok of triumph in his eyes, and a smile of exultation on his lips. Geraldine had turned away her gaze on his stooping forward, and when Bhe looked again, impelled by a strange fascination she could not comprehend, the fugitive bad left the building. 