UNCLE TOM. The Times of February 2 gives the fol- <*> lowing information regarding the Rev. Josiah Henson, the original of Mrs. Stowe's "Uncle Tom:"— " Among tbe crowd of competitors who from all parts of tae earth thronged to show their wiiei at the Exhibition of 1851 was • angle negro exhibitor. All he had to dis- play were four Mack walnut boards, but they were of the finest grain and texture, were beautifully French polished, and in the end were awarded a medaL It bore the inaerip tion,'Tliis is the produce of the industry of afugitive slave from the United States,whose residence is Dawn, Canada.' In the auto biography of that fugitive slave, first pub lished at Boston a couple of years before, rcpublislied in this country in the vary year of tbe Exhibition, and of which die Latest recast is now before we in its 30th thou sand, after a career of six weeks, lay the germ of that remarkable work of fiction, ike circulation of which has been exceeded by that of no book save the Bible, and which oar author may be forgiven for believing was 'the wedge that finally rent asunder* the gigantic fabric of American slavery • with a fearful crash.' Yet such, in spite of the nursery protest that ' Uncle Tom was kitted in the book, and that Father Heneoo, therefore, can be no more than his ghost, is the undoubted fact, as a glance at the chapter on her hero in Mrs. Stowe's' Key to Uncle Tom's Cabin' must convince any reader. Our negro autobiographer was born Jane 15, 1769, on the farm of Mr. Fiancis Kewman.DearPortTobacco.CharlesCounty, Maryknd. To New bam his father belonged, and hie mother had been hired out by her owner. Dr. Joaiah M'Phenon, who gave the boy his own Christian name, with Henson as a surname, after an uncle of his own who had been an officer in die Revolutionary war. But one reminiscence of his father, a black Hercules, 6 feet in height, always adhered to the child, that of seeing 100 lashes in flicted on him by the village blacksmith, lie had struck the white overseer far of fering an outrage to the boy's mother. The criminal, the merriest of bis race before, became thenceforward a moody mutineer, was sold south into Alabama, and is heard of no more. Two or three years after wards the Christian mother was sold to a man named Riley, who kicked her away when she besought him, with bitter tears, to bay also her sixth and last little child, 'Siah,' or 'Sie,' as young Henson was called, five having already been knocked down to other bidden. The hammer con signed Joshua to die tender mercies of a still worse tyrant, named Robb. The child was often lot the whole day long feeblv crying 'water!' and 'Mother!' By *a kind chance, however, die sundered pair were not very long afterwards reunited, Robb, who owned a line of stages, having trucked • die little nigger' to Riley to _pay for horse shoeing. Riley, besides being a farrier, farmed s good bit of land, ana as soon as Heneon was old enough he was set to carry water to the field hands, to weed with a boree-ploogh between die rows of corn, and to groom bis master's horse. Then he had to do a man'eday work with die hoe. Of die slave's hard lot his sketches are most graphic; bat die lightness of heart which he inherited from his father seldom forsook him. He boasts of die knight-errantry with which, like Mrs. Stowe's hero, he helped weak women tanking under their burden of toil, and confesses tia\£ he robbed hen-roosts to comfort die sick negresses, justifying die theft that he was but nving the lives of Mam's costlier chattels at die expense of his less valuable live stock. It was not until after these things that we are told of his 'conversion' at the age of 18, through the very first sermon be heard. By the time he was 20 be bad risen so high in his master's confi dence that he was virtually overseer of die estate. As his body servant, moreover, he had nightly to accompany Kiley to a neigh boring tavern, where he and his boon com paniom met to reveL On one of the occa sions, when Riley was sorely pressed by his brother's overseer, one Bryce Litton, Henson valiantly stood up for his drunken master, and soon afterwards Litton, ?pfcAing the blackfeUow alone, broke both bis arms. Benson was maimed for life. a At 22 Henson married his first wife, Charlotte, a well-taught and devout slave girl, owned by a neighboring pious family. She bore him 12 children, of whom die seven survivors are dtestaffofhisgreenold age. BJley's affairs grew complicated, and in dread of the bailiffs, the charge of 'run ning off the whole of his black live stock to be sold by bis brother Amos, in Kentucky, thousande of miles off; was entrusted to Sie, who, as diey passed through Ohio, was strongly urged by more than one Christian friend to make a bold dash for his own and his convoy's freedom. The temptation was strong, but he withstood it, and banded die consignment to Riley's brother Amos, whose estatehe reached in June, 1825. Here die rest of Isaac's negroes having been duly sold down South, he lived three years better off in many respects than in Mary land; and in 1828, having many years ad dressed bis fellows in prayer meetings, was admitted a local preacher by die M??*?mli?t Episcopal Church. Hence his tide "Re ve r.nd." On a hint from a brodierpreacher, Ifenson got a pass from Amos Biky in tibe slack time of die fall to see hu old Maryland icsster. Ob his way his co-religionists raised for him money enough to clinch a Im^? widt diat man for his freedom, and his t mancipation papers were duly made out on the 9th of March, 1829. Bat by a sort of 'confidence' juggle, Isaac got hold of diem aj.aiE, lest, as he told his simple victim, as he was starting once more for'ole Ksntoc,' to if ll his wife the good news, tin elave catchers should seize and tear diem op. The scoundrel then enclosed diem in an envelope and directed diem to Amos under a seal, to break which was felony, as he took care to remind ' tbe black gentleman,' before banding him die packet. By poet he wrote his brother, naming 1,000 dials, instead of the 450 agreed onfall but 100 having been raid down as die prize for die trusty clave. He further advised Amos of die tncanission through Henson of die sealed packet. Before die dupe's arrival die story of hishopesof freedomaodof die I,ooodols. to be paul for it bad got wind on die Ken tucky estate, and he first learnt the lie from Charlotte. But he durst not break die seal of die envelope ; besides, widiout a white witness, who was ijOOOmfles away, hie free papers were worthless. * Uncle Tom* may surely be forgiven if he evaded die question about die packet widt sometiung very likea white lie. HetoWAmos,asbehadtoldChar lotte,dtat be bad not seen it since he left Louisville. He had added an ' aside' to Charlotte to be quite sure aod not let her husband know if she found it in his carpet-bag. The Kentucky brother did not press tbe matter, and Charlotte sewed the manamisaion round the true owner's person when he was sent down South. For there cannot be a shadow of a doubt that his forebodings, at die tune of die brothers being in League to eell him at New Orleans and share the proceeds, were but too well founded. Thither he was sent in a flat boat, freighted widicatde, pigs, poultry, corn, and other produce, die whole being in charge of Amos Riley, jun. Henson felt sure that he ako was to be put up for sale, a presenti ment verified by the event. His horror at die fate staring him in die face was gready intensified on die voyage by a sight of diewoe^trickenandhunger-pifjchedfeaturee of hie former fellow-slaves. In die anguish of his despair he was overtaken by a tempta tion of which he must hunselfepeak. 'One dark, rainy night, within a few days' sail of New Orleans, my hour seemed to have come. I was alone on die deck, Master Amos and die bands were all asleep below, and I crept down noiselessly, got hold of an axe, entered the cabin, and looking by die aid of a dim light diere for my victims, my eyes fell upon Master Amos, who was nearest* to me, my band slid along die axe-handle, I raised it to strike die fatal blow, when suddenly the thought came to me, ' What! commit murder! and you a Christian? I bad not called it murder before, but self defence, to prevent others from mur dering me. I dioueht it was justifiable and even praiseworthy. All at once the truth burst upon me that it was a crime. I was going to kill a young man who had done nothing to injure me, but was onlv obeying die commands of his father. I was about to loee die fruit of all my efforts at self-improvement, the character I had ac quired, and die peace of mind that had never deserted me. All this came upon me with a distinctness which almost made me think I heard it whispered in my ears, and I believed I even turned my bead to listen. I shrank back, laid down the axe, and thanked God, as I have done every day since, diat I did not commit diat murder. My feelings were etill agitated, but they were changed. 1 was filled with shame and remorse for the design I had enter tained, and fearing that my companions would detect it in my face, or that a care less word would betray my guilty thoughts, I remained on deck all night, instead of rousing one of die men to relieve the watch; and nothing brought composure to my mind but die solemn resolution 1 then made to resign myself to the will of God, and take with thtmlf ulness, if I could, but with submission, at all events, whatever He might decide should be my lot "His deliverance seemed to be miracu lous. Young Amos, after frankly avowing hie purpose at New Orleans and showing Hen?one good points to buyers, was sud denly struck down by yellow fever, and now begged and prayed for forgiveness. - Stick to me, Sie! Stick to me, Sie! Don't leave me. lam sorry I was going to sell you.' Sie nursed his enemy in die plague-smitten city, up die malarious river, and handed him safe to his father. But the light of freedom had dawned upon him. H^ tie J, and on die 28th October, 1830, reached the Canadian banks of the river. He lost not a day till he found honest labor, and pro cured a shelter for his wife and children. Three years after he hired himself to a tew master. His first Canadian employer had sent his boy Tom to school, and Tom bad taught his father to read by the light of pine knots. The marvel is that one 6O dark in mind till SO aa he was in body .should have learnt to write, and still more that he should read and speak so like a scholar that Archbishop Stunner asked him, in 1851, at what University he had been trained. But full 15 years before that we find him thinking out the problem, of political economy, and lecturing to his flock on diat science, and with his teach ings he paved the way for the free negro settlement at Dawn. Of die dark cloud which too soon afterwards lowered over it for something like a score of years, leaving Henson die beggared victim of his heroic and, ultimately, successful struggles to free from unlawful usurpation tbe fine estate of what is now die Wilberforce University, space fails us to speak. The ' Uncle Tom' torso of die life is now complete, and the end has not been unworthy of die begin ning." 