ItIAVY FINE Pon WouNDzNo A MoN. Itrv.-At the Mackay (Queensland) police. court, a charge wan hoard against Charles Mhtffilt, omployed as a clown in connexion with Aehton's circus, who weas indicted for having unlawfully and malioiously maimed and woundoed a monkey. The evidence ol John Cassells, in the employment of the com plninant was to the effeot that thbe acousd lihd booa teasing the monkey, which made a spring at him, whereupon he struck the un fortunnte animal with a bottle, which almost severed tihe joints of two filtgors of the left hand. It appears that the monkey int question was the principal performer of the three com posing the troupti, nod that £100 ihad beant refused for it by the complainant. Mr. Ash. ton stated that but for the accused being under the influenon of drink at the time he did not think thebo matter would have occurrod. The benlch lined the defendant £.0, to bo paid aH companensation to Mr. Ashton, togethoer with the costs, or in default three montlhs' imprison. mont in iooklalnmpton gaol. A SrnANan OcavnnuitiNOE.-A correspond nt wvriting from Cinowindra gives tto fel. lowving accounlt of a sitrllege adventure with o anslnake:-A. fnrmlner horn hfid occasion to go into his boack-yard for the furpono of fircihing somo firewood. Iio brought in aome wood and laid it down nter the fireplacn, ind was Ieglffagd macthing a firce for the nighlt whitn his twifi suddenly Isked whelre tlhoir little bay wae. 'i'Tho filther turned round Itd found the ohlill at Ilia sidU, with a hlilck nakle ill his hland, Ihaving the hutnd of the reptile io his mouith soltucking it. An mty ie imagined no time was ?o?t in ildepriving the yoi.ngster of onob ii fangerotirun pltytoy, butt the outlto was so bhIInIumiod withl the cold that it was utterly powerleas. TIt child was closely oxlaminoed but no sign of a bite could be fountld. ?3utOLAilY AT MtiURIRURtUNDI. - IILAVI, AorroN O r A WVoMAN.-A tbrliuglriote oult rage, assoointed with unuountl brutality, wns porpotrato d in Mhurrurundi on Tiuotldty morning lant. Ilatwoon throo and four o'clook on tile morning of thaitt dley the pro mniuno of hMr. Jartes hMontgo.utaory, ehop kItopor, woro ontoredol thlrough ii side witndow and oveiral of the rootn rnannokeod behofore any of tihe inmlatoe wore disturbed. DJring the pn'formantoo of this daring work how over Mro. MoIontgomnory wan awakniod, andt the shadow of a diamtppat:in figureo first oxcited her approhonUioni. ntoortain for the momont owhlothlor hor hnaband, who had boon out of town, might not possibly hlvo roturnod, slt made no attempt, to divine the nmystery until the noronaming of helor child and a orvantt, who woro slooping i n an adtljoining room, convinced her thalnt a miscreant had entored the dwelling. Riining hnstily, sho artmod Ihereolf with the novor-failing polker, and nrcn out to tlhe door at the roar of the houteo oiponing out uponl the ottran?o to the elhililren'o roomt. TJust Is this was ronlched tihe burglar wonu found itnuing from the Inttear room with a buutdlo utIndor one arm, lwhile with the otlher hIo wan hIurling a heavy otono it the iafflrighted childron. Notlhing more wrol noodotld to norvo tihe mother to her dofonnaivo work, and in a momnonet the poker wno brougllht down uiipo the lloand of tile wrtotheod thief with such otftot un to carry a portion of ihair and blood to testify to the value of the blow. Drawintg hiin hiat eulddlonly over Itit faice, the robbor eoullht to itriko lis couragoonu neahilnt; but hin or.xtondeld arm rooeolved ianother instanlmont of the fire-iron, and havingorowno d hiia dnutnrdlly doods with all inoffootivo attempt to kick the brarvo wonmau who tlhnta defoudoetd helar lhoreo ntd famnily, he nmtdto an eoocpo, not. withlout got tinlg a thlird utroko from the uuoful potker. A. omalnl amotut of mtonoey and toino goodl wore takou by the burglar.-Mlrriurrrundi Timton. h[cMPLO:t?lr.NT J0' iEhflAETis AS T.TeoLEOlAtHt Orcl'iTtoti AcND OraltnKlu,-.-Thlo ibov o,: jtperimioat in tile Liondion pcnt- olilleo hin not rouleitd in a ucltcanost. Tlhe Mitanolhontr EIxlalminor'ln Lolndon oorrorpllondent nletltionls that the cuthloritien of the pont-oflian h1ave rosolvedl to itbandon to a largo extetnt thu ornlploy'ont of youiig wominOil ini the tolo gralph doparttnclt, andi tihe porocun reolontly aippointedl to the ntaff haInvo il bioon yotung mnei. TLhoe runuol given for tlhin lttlpl in that the womon ncannot beI oumployol daring tie night. Thto Wtarrington aorrolldondlllt oh the Liverpool ]?Polt writo~ n :--" An elxperi montt inu bootn nmado aIt Warrington bly the Norlth-\Votorn llnil'way otuclfioy withf re gard to the onflllymonct of youg Itlllon nlt bookhilg ollrklti, iut the roulnllt he Iooc, al fttr no or~locrienoo of ,ighlt mtiontha, thit tihe corn Irpuny ihavO given theon tlheir congui, andt re. pIlhced theom with oihurks of the l tlornoir sox. It ii rulmourntl thalt tlhe I1lionl who notettd ii tiulrot.diotriiutn diiroliorgod their duties so grncilfully tuand to Itgrtoably to the jineutin gsrt, tlait frequitntly the pftionitia of the gulalrdttl w telutt tllntit t ttu nowa lOvtrltly, iI throungh thue convollertiont it thlo iokliiing ofllco window the thrlin wio not lunfroreuontly dolanyed." AXuIIt'I' ION uAND tAOAOitY (ir A Iu l ?llANur', --Thorn hilaVeI holbn nIiiiiy iliOidtuli?/it relateodt of t lit lovel limnilufesntolt ttownrdts nohli otlher by the brlteo orollioi, bit nonu liors striking and illustrative of that love than one that occurred on June 2, 1870, under the oanvas of Messrs. Bailey and Co.'s circus, Galesburgh, Illinois. All who visited the sbow or witnessed the street-parade will remember the huge old elephant Betsey that marohed with a venerable treand through the streeis and round the ring. Bettey is sup posed to be seventy-five years old, and for sixteen years has been in this country. She was broughabt from England, and withl her came a dog, a cross between arn Englishl setter and a spaniel, tnd for these sixteen years the dog and the elephant have been insoparable. Through evervy tte in the Union, by rail and on foot, theoto two fast friends have travelled, andi in eickteeee andl in bhealth they have been I,11 it all to each oatlir. At Knoxville, Iown, the dlog, a few days sinoe, was acOidlentally run over by one of the waggons, and one of hisa leges broken. ThI elephant appeared to sympathisao with othe dog in its distress, tand was only Hati?fied whmen the dog r was in eighlt, where nte conutld fondle it with her trunk and alreos it. Yerstoerday afternoon poor Carlo was compelled to pay the debt of nature. Ili ttge vaq too great, his years too many, to allow of Iis recovery, and in tthe presence of his long-trisd ehPlitatt ine friend Ie yielded up the ghost. 'Il'he elephant appeared to realiso that har pot was dead, and groaned in a real taffoting mannetr. The canvatsman of the shlow tookl tho dead ourosto and cerofully nowed it in oanvas, nnd a graveo was duLg ntear tie ring. At five o'clock a funerarl irocession waos formtetl. First Oamn Boltsey oarrying tbhe deadtl dog tt?nderly in her trunkil, followed by tto foiur other olephants, all seatoming to realise that they wore about to detposit in the earth t lottg tried friend. Following tio elephalnts were Ill thlo men conneoted with the show. 'The band playeld at dirge, and atlter marching twice round tie ring Betsey Oareftlly do po-ited theo body of the dead Carlo In tbo graveo, and the five elephints knelt, while Beteny with her trunk filled tbs gruvve witl earth, nnd the last words were opolton. During the entire ovening Botnsy eomedtl mourning for the dog, and when aslkeodtl worr Carlo was she woulhtl raise her arsa and give uttorance to a mournful sound, provitg thatt she felt tho pain of partinlg. During the grand march att the oeomtolncomont of ithe ,rveninfg's perfoI'tmanRon 130tsey as aht eatno to the grave stoppsd, Iand with her trunko pulled up ti ake e e that hId boein plioId tit tIe headtl of the grl'iVO and throw it I-waiy. Charles Wirner, bhtter known in shaow oilrcln nso Alligator Charlio, who hlies hltd clnirgo of the idepliiitts for yoears, relates mlalny incidclta of Ilian tog nd olepbltnt, proving tlheir lov ti for oancli other. Ho aItya tlhat ofteo when the slophtttn would refutan to croatn a bridtlge, sll that was lonecesslry for him to do was to tiltsi the dog norose, piich his elir tO as R to maiLe hiot howl, aind tbo elephlilutt would iit once rllslh to his aqsistacloo. 'The ecollle alt thebo flulnral watt very oaeioting, and will long ito renemtlntrcld by till whto witiueIed it. IThe wloninl afIftir proven tlhalt clephantsto, as woll as Iuilitn leings, lroe capablellb of sorrowhlt fool. inrgs,--Illinois lelublliotn IoRgistor. TIlr TnREAaURERt O OOtt DIt.FENooe.-- The sulbjooect of the dolnfeon of oan important a city as Sydney (,oaberveol thto Anatralasian of Sat urdalrty) is rollly oneo of too oserious a chlararteorr for ull(h ill molancholy eOxhibiition of helplova imbooility ac that furnlierd by iMr. Pitldiing ton when replying to a queation pitt Iy Mr. Dilb?t tthe otlher evoning. It is enay to imarginoe plenty of rnetsons why a mninister mnight not eonuidor monraourou of doltente neiesseary. He mnight thinl tlhat the plaetn wanit ufiiiiontly defonded, that the imporial iqualdroin vwould bo eqrlll to all oxigenionei, or that the approeloendedl hostilitieo would not Irieo. Any such roasont on thoseo woultl Ikop the question within thoe oeld of rational dis etousion, and woutl tllow of debato. But it was simply distresting to find a man in the position in whichli Mr. Pidldington in plnotld thltnkint g dofoneoos unnoosslsry bocauteo lIto " relics on the IIhumanity of thlo prosent Czar of niltaira." This brilliiant romtlLrlc bringi grntedto by a Inlugh rom somo loss truntful niomber, Mr. Piddington solomnily reminded himn that t the Ozlar omanoipattd thirty nil lions of aorfl." The aonolusion won oleart that any four of a prodatory visit fromo a lutoian equadronr is quite lchimrnical. Well, euth talk ni tlhii from a grown-up mun oug giats a mental depth infinitoly below ordilnaory idliocy. It would be oany to call evidence of Hlnsian pirocoedingn in Contral Aiat to lhow thaltt tlhe hutanity of the Ozar is conmpatible withl extremely Iharrh procosdinltg on the port of thle Czar'n arimios. lBut int reality ttho irguiuent tillt no applieation whavltover. It ia uimplo fatuity to talk of hIumanority in tiny titiht connexion. It would be woll if ,lr. Piddingbtn could thoroughly mreator the ap puroently idoOticil proponition tlhat war imoant wor, antd lte tiothling wllhatever to do witll hlumanity. It is evonti doubtful whether the truost Ihutmnnity would not load a ruler to utterly disregardt tlhe mantdlin nontimentrlism whichli Mr. Piiddington tlliliks ia the thief attributo of the CGar. Thei onbjeot in war is to injuro the opltonentt by oevery monann poU. ciibl, and it would tako a gootd deal of hlow ingff to nttisfy unv retisonalbli miid tlht thit oitjoot wvouldt I h ld in oiheool by thei philuan thropiti imlatllte Mr. Piddinigton referrodi to. It in not a nomfortablo thing for n nnionto nity to Nso its mnnt important intoroats iat the muoroy oit uch hlsumontablilo impitonnoy Is thiu. A IisvVy .BLow.- A oolanad who walis fond of telling toeghi 'usi, esRpoeially storia of whioah he hiitnoltf wis the horn, ln one eaoonoon tdrow tlhe long Iotlw aftier the fhllow illg tilshion:--" I was allon in nlontlloher," etlya the co llill, , on ollicial itt itrens. Iur. io y mty stny horso roeil caine o l'' llelr thei aC pitlll, uiid ilt I aui r thli(lr' lltrtiln to inarn-. rIlinig I wtnlllt to ccii it. Jinit ill theII horles wro IlhOllut ntlrtling all s el illow itlaIeirld tilI by jontling mer rather ronghhly. Nuow yon Itknow I dolii't oftet figliht; ut wheint I sltrke, lihon I dto itrilke. SN 1 UI witti muy fist andtl I hit him i blow I hit notit hint aigiltlnlt Ihi feline intit a flhi, eairtyitig with hin nine Oectiniis ni Ists anittI riada, 'hI ollliw l hy a ? hihort Iii, thoiu iisit l hit sslf hit l tll i iiittiig potitiire, hu lhoehed wihlly iiroind bhi, * genthinmee,' niiah he, ' hins thet mtorin dnenl mniin diinage? Dhl thi liglitiilg slriko linybrly y bulel h e ' "i A'rrAonatitt.NT inI'wa I . t lolo t ,: .--Otti of thliao ilistanoIofllI O" ilttaclmhlnt exihtilCg hlotwott n honroes (liltyt the Ararat Advilrtiller of the lithl inttinit) wOiii thllrnaoughly exulm-· lpliflud ii fnel dayit nl;tl in mailit thi ni Ehor hilly, owned by M '. Ti.thtimant Wiallter. 'I'lThat gnttlnliii, who10 it is t!,r llrlient cnrryingI inut ra Ilrgo givelrnment colttrnett a fliw nilti from Slttiandhert, rorovnd m nUml l olber ,of horsou ho the plicut,, nud among othoro the animal alluded to. When there the filly conceived a strong friendehip for one of the grey cart-horses, which in turn reoiprocated the attachment, guarding its aristooratio companion from attacks by any of the rest with great jealousy. The two were gener ally to be seen together, and when working hours were over they were inseparable. The advance of the season rendered it necessary that ploughing should be commenced at Mr. Wallker's farm, which is situated a few miles from Ararat, and the grey friend of the Ebor filly was one of those chlioson to perform the work. One day Ist wekolr, Mr. Wtalkor left the worlks at Sindhuret, making direct for Ararat, ai large portion of the journoy hav ing to be performed by rail, and no time being lost by the way. When Mr. Walker left the contract, one of the last things he saw was the filly quietly feeding in its usual place. On the morning after bin arrival heoro, he proceeded to the farm, and the first object that attracted his attention was tlheo Ebor filly, coveoroed with sludge and sweat, grazing boesitldo the ontrance. When the gato was openod, it danhed across tihe paddocklr to the stabloes and hnck round the grontlds till it found its grey mate, and with many whinntying congratulations on both ,iti idOes, joined its frinnd. The young horse must have travelled over one hundred and fifty mile-- through town, across rail ways, and over fences and diggings--to join its companion. COxaAhNmh'a SLGt.-Thle following mode of cleaning cilk garments has boeen success fully toested. The garment must first he rippod and dusted. Haveo a largo flat hoard; over it opread an otld sheeoot. Takeo half a cup of ox-gall, half a cup ammonia, andl half a pint topid tioft water. Sponge the silk with this on both sides, oapooially the soilid spot~s. Having fiaisoed upong ing, roll it on a round stick like a broom handlo, being carteful inot to have any wrinkleos. Silk thune washdl and thoroughly dried needs no ironing, and hls a lustre like now sillr. Not only silk, but marino, barego, or any woollen goods may be thus treated with the hot roeults. A V'orit or FATTErmY.--The other day a woman living in Napoleon-street was soon on the walkl in front of iher house, lheaving the snow right and left, and she had only got fairly nettled to work when a boy loungeld up and romarktod'-"'ll cleaonr off the walk for ton cents." " I gunnes I'm ablo to do it," oho replied. " But sce how it lookn," hie continued. " Hero you are, a perfect lady in look and notion, hitghly adluonted, and yet you grovel in dust asno it wero to nave the pitiful sum of ton cents."' "You izrovl along and mind your own buoinoee," she curtly roplied, still digging anvway. "It'ii worth eon cents," he unid, an ho loanedtl against the fence; "but I'm a fellor withl some osentiment in my coul. Now wo'll tsay five coent, or juit enoughl to cover wear and tear of my bones. Giv me the shovel and you go in: got on your soul-skin nacque andl Ioat jowellory, and while I work you sttandl out hero and boses around, andil talk a if you owned the Ibiggoat half of Northl Atmerioa, whtilo I lihad nothing and wai in dlbt for that." Site looked at hiim shirply, and when she passed over the snow-shoval asO put two nickels in his hlandl. He lookeld after er ras she wont in, and then sadly mcucd--"O, Iluttory, thy sureout victim is a woman homely enough for a soarcorow."-- Dotroit FreeO Pioue. EUOALYr'TUa TEA vo0L COLD AND FaiVER. -Tho psrsonal experience of somto one writing for the San Diogo WVorld, of the oflfiacy of tea mado from the grooeen leaven of the oucalyptus in caneon of approachting cold iand fevor, in given in that journal. The writer says :--Some woolks ago being taleton in a sovero cold we midte a iloonotioi of euoalyptu livois, aind drank it on retiring to hod. 'The roault was that it; btrought on a gontlo porsliiration and sloip, and in tlie morning all nymptotne of the colld haid diusap peaored. A fortnight ago a friend of ours was nooizod in cold and fever. Ho had nahing pains all over til body, and to oevery appoar anc bado faiir to be confined to his room. We thought of the oucalyptus, and told him of our experience. Lie wont homuo and had a ntrong dooootion mado, and drank frooly hiofiro going to htod. It worked like a charm, for he wan in porfoot health next mornitg only a little wevaok fi'om profuno psrsliratioln. His wifo wias uffer'ing from colt at the sname tiimo, tnd tried tie remodly, and found it a porflot and immnodiate oure. Oneii intanco more in our n wnt oaus. Lsut night, just hoforo retiring to bed, we woro noszoed with a violoet chill, aotompalniud with paini in the back and logu. Thi wvan fol. lowod by a little fevor. Thosi uymptome had protnagd a very corious illuons a your or two ago, andl we tlhought oruinoiuly on the n!jecot. We cent out to the treoot, had soleuo loavcl pluctked, nudi our fiavourito toii wan mado nt onte. We drank about i pint intd soon fell iunleop and to the nridit of nuocalyptun we nay we aro as woll to.day as nvc moe weore in our lifo. Our opinion is that tihe tsi in ploerfutly hIarmlleat to dritlnk oven inr a largo cjunutity. For a modinino treeoo we rosomrnmonld evorybody to grow uonaly pitus. TIt, FouinTIr EscTA'iE tIN tI l fItrI'tISI[ PArntsL'A'.lNT.M r. lUILthinsuii Oni (iay Mally fair) tddai iiiiotlirr to th lisnt of gentlotnin of the proei inll the ou.h n of Cuimtnons. In addi tion to the editor irtld alinf propriotor of the Halifax Outrier, there are now Dr. Ocaeron, proprietor and editor of the NorthI Britilsh Daily Mail; Mr. Jonoplh Oinwan, pripriotuir of that intlluontial tiapurm in the niorthli of IEng Ilnd to which l lr. Ghiulastono tlluded tho other night; Prnofalor Sisith, prolpriotor of' the D)rry Slttil.li; Mr. I' A.A. Taylor, pro priotor of tIh Examinor; Mr. Ilroelorld HoFlt, fonndtlr andl prulpriotor of the Slatur diy ihuvieow; Mr. John tMorley, of thie Can tnmporary Reviow; Mr. Wilter, of the Tiome; aiid Mr. Itgraml, of l th Illuetratid Lonmol Nowrvn; Mr. A.. M. Ballivan might hiut inision have Ibost ineluded iti the liit ni proprietor iiand ilitor of tlio Nation ; luit the liio. tiinlner diIepaing of hi, nowipailor iiroporty, hii iiiiiiutoly uutvireud hiitrnlf Fril)U t rInl limll ,l) Iand d w)t,'l no(I ,)Vtelv writo InIu ocournional plaragraph fior the Nation. ''lThorn is nu heoiit Int , th r who tti , i oiil itil n tidl u plietlion ill tiht) hontllt Ia norn (Ihvaeld Cano I may any, inuo.uasuh an( it wotn no apploint ment in the priii giilhry, h hieing on the riluortilg stall' if nti,. of thu ]Liinih)n diily patier Mr. Litwu.it is, or wncii, a fatniltiUt journtliut, at1d so ii Mr. luainiard (Jiurtnty, tlh nosir ,noluir for Lihdtiru. We noid itt itnatiion Mr. f'll ait ine, ,,r itiilti other unmelllnll Of heuL. anlll r~i(llt hen. |nolmhllrtl i\L. ( ntuu,)neIm to wIrite fir tIhe jl,, tunali, lo itlhicato the (' trolluing icllnisnl lr s ir ot reo prOulfteo t[OXn ot' the pros.) which la one of the fontu):os of the parliament that throned in power that well-known gentleman of the pres, Mr. Disraeli. WrY SHE STOPPED HER PAPEr.-She came bouncing through the office door like a cannon-ball, without stopping to ray " how d'ye do ?" She brought her umbrella down on the table with a mighty crash, and shouted : " I want to stop my paper." " All right, madam." " Stop it right off, too," she persisted, whacking the table again, "for I waited long enough for you to do the square thing." She quieted down a moment while we ran our finger down the list of names, and when we reached hers and ernatched it out, she said :-"There now, mobbe you do as you ought after this, and not slight a woman jest caunce she's poor. If some rich folks happen to have a little red headed, bandy-logged, squinted-oeyed, wheeoozy squaller born to them you puff it to the skion, and make it out an angel; but when poor people have a baby you don't say a word about it, even if it is the equarest-toed, blackeost-haired, and noblest little duck that klkt a woman awake at nights. That's what'e the matter, and that's why I've ittopped my paper." EvADINo POSTCAGE TItioUoTII NEWSPAPERs. -We have often heard of brief communi cations being made on the margin of news papers sent through the post-office, but ecarcely thought they could be made the medium by which goods were transmitted with the view of evading pontage; yet uchl is the cace, as we learn from tihe Me1lbourne Age that on Saturday Elizabeth Bray, a ropoctabhly attired female, appeared at the Emerald-hill police-court in oboldieneon to two oummonces issued under the Pot-oflieoo Act. The offence charged wore onclocing in oner nowspaper a pair of infant's Itnittel booteeno, and in another journal a small memorandumr book containing a number of written recipee copied front somo publication, the papere being posted noas newepapers only. The offences being proved, the defendant was fined the lowest penalty of £5 in each case. The Berlin correspondent of the Times gives the following account of a discovery which would seem to have been anticipated in a remarkable story by M. About :— "About a fortnight ago a telegram was re- ceived at Berlin from Heidelborg containing the news of a scientific discovery almost too wonderful to be believed. Subsequent ex- periments however appear to have fully con- firmed the news. Professor Kuhnel, at Heidelberg University, has proved that the last object seen by a saughtered animal remains imprinted and is perfectly visible for a short time after death upon the retina of the victim's eye. More than this, the learned professor has succeeded in fixing and preserving the imprinted picture very much in the way in which photographed portraits are fixed by the maker of ordinary carte. The animals experimented upon were cows and rabbits." PIETIFAOTION O WAsttcINOI'ONx'8 BODY. The followintg extraordinary cirocnmstance, if true, is relatedt by a correnpondtent of tilhe San Francinoo OlChronicle. We visited Wanh ington's tomb to-day at Mount Vernon, Va., somen twelvo miles from the city, down the Potomac, andt we had the unusual privilege of boholtling the mortal remains of the im mortal Wauhington. Visitors to the timtb will remember that the west wall of the same has for ceveoral years boon in a falling condition and in groat need of repair. A few days since part of it tumbled into tilhe tomb, completely oovoring the sarcophague of Washington, and also that of Marthn Washington. In order to ropair tihe damage in a competent manner it was found neces- sary to remove them a few feet from their resting-place. The one containing the re- mains of Martha Washington wnas removed irSt, but attracted no attention. But the unusual weight of the oneto containing the remains of Washington at once attracted the attention and aroused the curiosity of tile ofinoial who was superintonding the work and removal, and it was decided to open the oarcophaguu in order to auooertain the ooauo of the namno. Thin was ldone and the remains wore found to be petrified- in fact, a solid stoneo resembling a sttatuo, the feanture, being perfectly natural, with the exooption of the eyes and ours, no trace of which can be seeon. The body is of a dark leathery colour anti may be said to be a soft euandtono, which would lilkely broak should an attempt be made to remove it from the osrcophagun. Edward BateOr, an aged coloredl man, who haus roesidotld upon the Iarm ninios lie was a bIoy and who tanisted in removing the roe mailne fromn tile otl tomb to the preennt onoe, infeor noul tlhat it in thirty-oighlt yoartt cino0 their laht remoIIval. At thait time they hadl reoted in the old tomb thirty-oight yours, tand wre oxhurncedl in a ettto of prroo-rvation beyond till oxpectation, ibeing a solid comnpact maos with tile skl:in drawn tightly to tilo tonocn, patriflaction no doibt having come toncedtl its work. To Klar, Atmrs.-A strong nolutiot of oer beholia noid atnd warter poured into hioloet kIille all the intst it touchlos, ndtl thet survivort imr mediately taklte uthmoruolvos off. A ludicroun incident lately occurrod on a Mieinoisplti steamer, which we relate as a warning to those who attempt to changoe tie porntnal tidornuloentll whiclh naturti ItIB giveni them. A. alan who wan journeying to Teoxan with in wife thought he wouldl enjoy the luxury of nhampooing. While this was going on lie recsolvnd to nurprito hit wiho, anud at his request hair, oyobrows, and whia Itorn wor t, taiaged from a fiery rod to a raven Ilacltnoai. Hlie hnstoned to Iris state room, but wan mot at the door by hii, tpiutu outrniged bIy the intrusiont of a stranger, ni, thu eippoced, attd ildmittance wanl refltutnd. Ioi calldl himnolf her Irioband ; she said he win ani impostor. H]o aittompted to explain; it was niel t. A crowd gatlheredtl roundi and thie laugh icuamo general. At laut, in his pcrpljlxity, tile man exolaimeod, " Sully, loolt at my feeoot I" Ono glance at thle enormnun llaidl ttppontldngeu aeared her. " You, J'ohn," stlte o aid, "I knowv thorne footl They can aotne in; biut kIecp tltt houad out of night." A Pariiant marriago had to lo postponed otill nio extraordinarry an impedimont that it dleoervet to be mnontionod, as it tnay furnieh the ideat of i novel to an imtginative pen. I).rinfg the late wir two fihlidt, B. and 0., wartl at tlhir morning toslotto when the ilrinm noroeded. In their uinto they unfortunatoly oxethangl d alt. G. i Iilled, tand io fright fully mutihttd that heboun ld not be roollln.iol| uit ftr thl number of hin oncp, whichil in nnot hi., W hiti II , harn thit hlie tritit to explitln tilhe ehtutlge sf oalt thllit Ile tokentU pbla. It in nmt I. who ii killed, bltt G.; I, in there. But no one hna time to eluton to him; the affair will be settled .tfier the war. After tLe war B. thinks no more of the mistake, and that his friend G. has been buried in bis(B.) name. Only a short time ago B. proposes for tbe hand of a young girl be admires, and is accepted. Hie writes for his papers. 'rhey are all sent to himrn--ven the Ocrtificeate of his death I Naturally the future father-ina-law thinks that be hasi appropriated thie name of B. In vain 3. is recoignined by his friends arid oven the maire anId curare of hi, birth place--by law iro is delad ! This is another affair that will have to Ie Eattled by law before the marriage can take plDac. The Hlon. John Yuung, the Canadian commissionor, when in Quoorenland visited Canning Downs, wohere in the afternoon he was driven out to e00 tie farnm in the Swan Oreolr agricultural recerve. Ho returned to Ipswich by special train the next day. His opinion of thie lands is that they are behotter than anry he lhas soon in hIris lifo, nod that it is a pity they aro lokerd up in the hands of a few propirietore. The court severely: "Prisoner', this is not the first tuime you huave ben hero. You have been convictied six timne of vagrancy, twice of theft, onco of -- " The prisoner: SYouir harngar, let's omit all these irrelevant details and come to business."' Scoeo, incoming: suburban omnibus: First young lady (aged iftoeen, with eye. glasses and an arrmful of books, thie secoond young rrlady, nitiilarly equipped): " What are you roading now ? " Second young lady: " Irving's Brracobridgo Hall. It is very gord, althoughl thie tyle is defective, and there is a lack of incident." First young rldy: "Yo.Y! I havon)t road ityet. At our tochool we're rearding Scott. I think he is groatly overrated. His plots are not artistic, antd then the interest isn't alwaye sumlliciontly kept urp." Second young lady: "Ye-os!" Fact! An oxtrarordinary sceone in a place of wor ship is doscribedl by the Otago Guardian of iRay 7. It ocourred in St. Androw's Presby toriarn church, Drnedinr, and thire chief actor in it was a rr. J. P. MIillar, who objected to a now hymnal which had been introduced. He had previously protested, and appealed to tihe proabytory, but all hIis objections had bne?n dirsmised as frivolous. On Sunday, May 6, hie was present in thIe churoh, and thie account goon on to say :--" The pastor, the Rev. Mr. Gow, having conducted the previous dovotionul exercisoes as usual in the oommoncomrnrt of thie oservio, announced the beautiful hymn, Revivo Thy work, O Lord, when Mr. Millar, rmarklting his way to the platfoirm besido the minister, in a loud voice conurnenoced to road out tie following oxiraordiniry doonment : - ' (Protest). - Dunodin, May 6, 1877.-Before God and'in tie presence of this congregation I solemnly protest against the unrconstitutional and il loegrl manner in which thie English Presby. trrian hymn.hoolk is being introduced into thins congregation, pending the judgmenutof thie suiromrno court of tile church on the appeals trraken to it, and boonuse its intro duction at thie instance of ai small minority of the membersheip of this congregation will virtually prevent rmany fromjoiningin praieo to God in [lis own applointed way. (Signed) JAMES P. MBIrLAr.' As thie clergyman, pay ing no attention to the interruption, con tinued to read thie hymn, Ter. Millar, finding that his voice was no match for the sonorous and powerful tones of trhe practised speaker, arnd that it was in fict drowned, after a few sentences of his protest quietly dropped balck and allowed the minister to finish tie reoad ing of the hymn. Buit he had not arbandoned his purpose, rand was apparently gathering tip his strength to broealt in before the singing. However, thie proenortor and chorir appeared to have aroused thomselves to thie neceesities of thie occacion, antl ore the minie ter hand completed thie reading of thie first two lines, iwhen in fact within three words of thie end, the powerful melody of the choir burst forth anti filled thIe church, the congre gation joining in the strain with heart and will. Nothing daunted however, Mr. Mil lar, from hIis stand beside the minister, pro onided with great vehomeneoo and force'of lunge to deliver himself of his burthen, and road thire protest from beginning to end, every word being inaudible owing to the cost with which thIe people applied themselves to their now hIymn-books. Having fininhod roading the paper, Mr. Millar throw it at the minister, who quietly warded it off with the back of his hand, and it floated down to tbohe congroegation, one of whom pickling it up hean kIindly furnished us with the forogoing copy. Having trhu ' witnessed tbfor the truth' Mr. Millar retired from tie platform and renumled hi place in ta ppw, hut o second thiourighti arose again and retired from the cehurch, nccompaniod hy one sympathirer. Naturally the incident Ihas caused much indignation armong tire congreogation, the whole of them-with the oxcoption of eleven whoie thinlk with Mr. Miillar-- haviing doter mined to have thin hymnalul, which hle boen already adtopted in anlmoat all the Proaby torian churohoes in the colony." 