Our Melbourne Letter. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] April 17. THE submarine cable brings us daily rumors of war from the old country. This morning's message is so nearly a positive announcement that our leading journal is again speculating on the possibility of a Russian fleet steaming into Hobson's Bsy some fine morning, with the friendly purpose of "worrying" Melbourne. That phrase " worrying" is the coinage of the London Spectator; which journal, in a recent issue, ventures on the remark that, supposing a general war to break out, the Russian navy, being for the most part stationed in the far East, wouW have very little effect in Europe, and therefore, the utmost it could do would be to "worry Australia," including Queensland, I should hope. To this comforting assurance The Argus responds that, inasmuch as Australia hss no desire to be worried, and seeing, more over, that British interests in these waters are of some magnitude, the Imperial Government is bound to keep such a naval force cruising around our continent as would suffice to drive all thoughts of a buccaneering expedition in this direction out of the head of Admiral Popoff. As you already know my sentiments on this matter, I shall not repeat them here, but shall merely observe that, in the dead political season, it is a real godsend to a hard-up journalist to catch hold even of an imaginary " war scare." Our present attitude as to politics is ode of grimly silent expectation. We await the Trea surer's deliverance, which will not be given until the 26th instant, at Warrnambool. What elec tioneering movement there is in the meantime is of the most inconsiderable Little Pedlington kind, not worthy of record. Up till date, the number of competitors for the 86 seats is 228, or an average of 2*6 candidates for each seat Now I am pretty sure that, by the time the £60 deposit comes to be made, the odd decimal fraction will be scored off that average. In truth, a full half of the remaining integer might be similarly scored out without the least damage accruing to the political well-being of Victoria; for, as respects capacity and fitness, more than two- thirds of the expectants now in the field are rather fractional parts of candidates than whole numbers. Your mathematically-minded readers will be sble—with some study—to follow out these abstruse calculations in political arithmetic. The first nine paragraphs in The Argus' news column this morning refer to trumpery elec tioneering meetings in petty localities. Mr. Edward Cohen, the representative man of the Jewish community here for many years, is "gone over to the majority." He died of an organic malady, at the early age of 64. He was member of the Assembly, whilom Commissioner of Customs, chairman of a bank, City Councillor, President of the Synanogue, auctioneer by trade, and prosperous gentleman generally. He was a man of pleasant manners, good personal sspeot, facile politics, snd great shrewdness in the matter of worldly advancement 'Of bourse be died rich. To this general eetimate'of- the man there is nothing of importance to be added. Mr. Cohen did not cultivate literature, science, or art, very much, although he gavs liberally for the support of these, from time to time. He was familiarly known as *' Teddy*' Cohen ; the dimi nutive implying in this—ss it does in most oases —that the person who bears it is well known and popular. His loss will be felt by his Hebrew brethren, who have no other man to fill his place exactly. Naturally, the funeral procession of a man holding so many representative positions was one of unusually imposing length. There were ten mourning coaches, and 200 private car risges. Great things in the way of harbor improve ments are expected from the appointment of the new Board of Commissioners. There is certainly ample space and verge enough for the same. Much interest is felt in the issue of the com ritition for the secretaryship to the board ; but am quite of opinion that neither personal nor other extraneous considerations will in the slightest degree influence the choice of the com missioners in a matter so important We have had a terrible smallpox scare this week; but happily, it passed over without any serious consequences. It was only a mild case of chickenpox in an old man, after all. But there has been a deal of quarantining, and of medical perturbation. Certain members of the University Senate are trying their utmost to persuade the other mem bers, and the public at large, that the University Buildings are situated at an inconvenient dis tance from the city. The case does really not stand so, but otherwise ; and a majority of 48 to 12 in the Senate has conclusively affirmed that point 'Tis really laughable to note what frivo lous pretexts for grievances even sensible, well educated men will ventilate at times. The Federation discussion has received a fresh fillip by a speech made by Mr. J. J. Casey to his constituents at Mandurang. Mr. Casey advo cates intercolonial reciprocity in all matters of commerce, leaving each colony to make what terms with the " outer barbarians" it may please. To my thinking, this is a proposal far more likely to win general approval here than the grand scheme of a general Confederation, with a Fede ral Parliament, and a vice-regal court. This latter plan is one of The Argus' fixed ideas, and is inseparably assooiated in the mind of the lead ing journal with the idea of universal and un conditional free-trade for everybody and with everybody. Another millionaire's estate has fallen in, and the Treasury is a great gainer thereby. Mr. John Manifold, landed proprietor in the West, has died worth £353,061) 17b. 4d. A pretty sum (aa Erskine onoe said) to begin the other world with! "- " There has been a oontraetor's aoeident on ihe Gippsland railway line now in process of forma tion. A lad named Thwaites was riding in a truck filled with loose rails, and the motion of the train threw him out, together with several of the rails. He was instantly killed, the head being completely severed from the body. Of oourse this ghastly occurrence waa the reault of i simple carelessness. An agitation has sprung up in Ballarat in favor of the sewing girls in the clothing factories, who are kepi at work sometimes for fifteen or sixteen houn a day, in direct contravention of the law in that case made and provided. Of oourse the free-trade journals cite the facts' elicited aa conclusive evidenoe against protection. It is affirmed that the majority of the girls thus overworked are apprentices, who do not receive one farthing for their labor. If this be really so, some dealera in slop clothing in Ballarat ought to be serving their time within the walls of Pent ridge. I am, however, quito of the belief that the agitation now got up will go far to remedy the existing evils and to prevent their recurrence. Some of our wool-merchants have joined in a small venture of exporting woollen yarn to China. It is to be hoped, in the interest of all the wool* growen on this continent thai the venture will - prove Bucoessful ; for the addition of the entire population of the Celestial empire to the number ,of their customers would add some millions per annum io their aggregate inoome, in course of time, A seoond and still more dreadful contractor's acoident is reported tbis morning. The new railway bridge over the Murray at Echuca is ! being built, to connect the Viotorian and New South Wales lines. It is a heavy work, of coune ; and, in raising one of the cylinders, the " traveller " gave way suddenly, and came crash ing down—a weight of fifty tons—with seven men on it There could hardly be an escape with life under such circumstances. Two men are already dead, and the remainder linger in thai dreadfully painful state from which death is a real release. Our civio counoiilora can be lively on occasions. Thus : at their periodical meeting yesterday, a E reject for supplying the city with salt water aths was brought on for discussion ; and, said ex-Mayor Gatehouse, " The whole thing is a swindle, and in my belief the more it is looked into a sight bigger fraud it will prove to ' be." This is verbatim from The Argus' report y but would not be worthy of quotation if the: comment were not even racier than the text Here it is:—" As Councillor Gatehouse had just previously asserted that the acheme hsd ori ginated with some memben of Parliament, his strong language did not provoke the I astonishment which ii might have caused in other assemblies of publio men." And again :—"The word represented by the blank iin the councillor's speech is now-a-days frequently heard in stage conversations id modern plays." From which comment an acute reader may draw two distinct inferences, namely, that the character for honesty of members of the Victorian Legislative Assembly stands at zero in popular estimation; and secondly, that Mel bourne civic councillon copy, in their debates, the freest parts of the dialogue in modern stage playß. It is a stratage and significant fact thai at the civic meeting yesterday, the Mayor presented a letter received by him from a resident of Rioh-,, mond, Vii*ginia, "onbehalf of the many hundred unemployed men in the United States, princi pally good mechanics of all trades," and .begging assistance to emigrate hither. This letter is, 1 suppose, one result of the Centennial Exhibition. There was, of ooune, no reply to be given to it* excepting the formal one of "no jurisdiction." ' An auction sale was held ai the Custom-house , Yesterday, and amongst other confiscated goods jkriodked doy-n were the gloves and flannels , seized from the Messrs. Stevenson on tbe alleged., ground of under valuation. These historical articles brought fanoy prioes, probably to the bidding of memben of the firm, who intend to preserve them under glass as a standing memo rial of Victorian injustice and departmental . blundering and stupidity. , Some of oureleotioneeringmeetingßare getting, rather lively. For example, at a miscellaneous gathering last night Mr. John Murphy, pig*, jobber, presented himself to tbe eler.ton of North Melbourne, as a twelfth candidate for their suf frages. The audience, however, would have none of John, and very decidedly rejected Murphy. Instead of giving him a patient hearing, they assailed him with showers of praotioal sarcasm in the shape of decayed vegetables, overdue eggs, and Bueh. John was nearly buried under tiie superincumbent load, and the upshot .was that the meeting disponed amid darkness and con fusion, and Murphy slunk quietly homewards to resume his pig-jobbing avocations. The "Vagabond," having finished off Pent- • ridge, is roving about amongst the female refuges again, and narrates his adventures therein with his customery verve and vivacity. 1 Weather, summerlike, hot *nd rather close, hut, on the whole, delightful. Winter keeps away this year. The general break-up and abun- ■ dant rains are much prayed for by the rural population. Popular amusements as usual. Miss Ada Ward is doing sensational domestio dramas at the Theatre RoyaL At the Opera House, " Round the World in Eighty Days " has taken a lun, as also has tbe new and highly spectacular version of "Jane Shore" at the Academy of Music. April 24. Another feeble attempt is being made by the leading journals to revive the war scare, the latest telegrams from Europe being of decidedly Ominous character. The comforting assurance fa given us that the Cerberus is now fully manned, and is being fitted with steering apparatus manufactured in the colony ; thus, as you will please to observe, combining patriotic preparations for self-defence with protection to native industry. In a few months or so, it is further kindly intimated, the Cerberus will be quite in an efficient condition to repel any buccaneering attack tbat may be made upon us by the wandering fleet of a hostile nation. Look out, Russians! But, for my own part, I have about as much dread of a Russian invasion as I have cf a Turkish army marching into Melbourne^ overland from Bagdad. Your own Chinese invasion is a much more real and tangible calamity. My sympathies go deeply with you in that matter, and the more so as thia present correspondent was the very fint journalist in this part of the world to Bolicit public attention to the pending deluge of Mon golian adventuren. As of yore, the prophet had no honor in his own country. Ridicule and loud laughter greeted tbe warnings of this particular Cassandra. But Cassandra was right after all, as you see; and, .in revenge, the prophetess laughs scornfully at the imaginary feara of those clever people who tremble at the name of Russia, and put their trust in the Cerberus and the Victorian Volunteen. " And nations on his eye suspended wait," is the fine image used by Dr. Johnson to express the civilised world's suspense when Charles the Twelfth began his memorable march to Moscow. " A nation on his eye suspended waits," would similarly serve to express the attitude of our own little political world in relation to Sir James M'Culloch's movements. The great oracle has not yet spoken, but positively and actually will do so to- morrow night. Then will there be lively activity in all the little Pedlingtons. Then will a hundred tongues, hitherto kept politicly silent, break forth into babbling. For, look you, . at least five score of candidates have been wait ing in earnest expectation of the leader giving the oue before they dare to speak a syllable. Had these candidates no opinions of their own ? you will ask. Well, yes (I reply), they had ;at all events they had one opinion, which was that they should each and all run their elections as ministerial supporters, whatever th« policy of the Ministry might be. Their independent motto, like that of the patriotio Highland clan is, " For M'Cul looh, right or wrong." Still, their reticence has been a great public gain; for, to glance over—l shall not say, to read—the columns of rubbish daily printed in The Argus under the heading of "Election Meetings" would speedily produce congestion of the brain in the hardest-headed Scotchmen. Boundless floods of shallow talk— to what end? Merely to determine whether Paddy M'lnerney or Tun Murphy the pig-jobber has the most substantial " ghost of a chance " for North Melbourne. For me, I pass over the columns of nonsense with calm indifference, and take up the weekly edition of the London Times, and improve my mind with that. Did you ever, in all your experience as a journalist* meet with so perfect a specimen of what a world-embracing chronicle of current events should be ss that weekly Times presents ? Whai a complete and accurate map of " busy life, its fluctuations and its vast concerns," it is ! There was another railway festival yesterday away westward. The line to Hamilton was opened as far as to Dunkeld, forty-seven miles, There was • banquet—an extemporised rural banquet—and much rustic rejoicing. The most wonderful thing in the whole affair was thai the Governoi was not there to congratulate the peo ple of Dunkeld on the fact of their living in the nineteenth earthly paradise he has met with on his travels through Victoria. Another note worthy fact is that the Ministerial party left Melbourne at half- past six in the morning, cele brated, the festival, shared the banquet, and returned to town again by twenty minutes to, one next morning, having got through so much. \- work and travelled 408 miles in what _ay fairly be called one day. Mr. Ga C. Levey, our Philadelphian commis sioner, has returned to Melbourne aafe and sound, with a bundle of reports and diplomas. No public rejoicing has been held in honor of the event For, truth to say, there is an awkward public impression abroad that Victoria's share in the Grand Centennial was a muddle "of the first water," as an Hibernian friend of mine uaed to say. At last, after years of struggle, and of ridicule, and of contemptuous repulse, the promotera of the Great North Western Canal Scheme have succeeded in inducing the Ministry io grant them a reservation of the land they want to oarry out their Boheme. I do not say the scheme, as planned, will therefore succeed; but this I will remark, that never before in any English speaking community were a small company of projectors treated as the common enemies of mankind, as mere rogues and vagabonds, and worse, as impracticable schemers, solely on the ground of their proposing a plan for extending through the territory the inestimable blessing of abundant irrigation. Granted that their scheme was a gigantic one, requiring too much capital to carry it out, and granted also that there were some engineering faults in it as it stood, still I cannot for the life of me see why any men should have been abused like pick pockets for yeara merely because of their zealous efforts to impress on public attention the vast advantage of spreading irrigating channels through immense tracts of waterless, but other wise fertile, oountry. Yet tbis was for yeare the case of these projection, who have now at length won recognition and toleration.by dint of their invincible perseverance. An appeal to the Privy Council has been granted in the libel case of Langton against Syme. The other libel case of the Chairman of Committees against Graham Berry has advanced one stage towards trial. The weather, which for weeks had continued to be of the Indian summer type, splendid but sultry, with glorious moonlight nights, broke up with a great thunderstorm on Friday last, snd haß been wet, cold, and wintry ever since. But the rain saves the country. Peebles, the spiritualist, has finished his lectur ing here, and has gone on to Sydney. He filled the Opera House (free admission) for six successive Sunday nights ; but this only proved that the same handsome interior might be filled every Sunday night in the year by a gratuitous audience, if only some amusement of a mild kind were provided for it. Nothing new or Btrange in the theatrical or musical world this week. I have seen " Round the World in Eighty Day*j" twice. It is the, production of a fine but mad genius. Madame Nilsson has been appointed firat can tatrioe to her Imperial and Royal Majesty of Austria and Hungary, an honor only bestowed on first-class artistes. 