I - A NIGHT OF TIS JUROR. ABB ^appearances deceitful ? Do we live BnrrV^nnded by shadowy chimeras f Have our eye.'' been given UB only to deceive our Benses, ana' 0Qr senses to keep as in a state of perpetual doubt and delusion? In the present proaaioV"50 meobanioal age, it ÍB not difficult to ridiouU all that relates to the supernatural; bat mk.'"? ol- '^e most sceptical, after long laaghwQ8 at the idea of a visit from those ^who hai,ve learned the great secret and passed into th»,' shadow-land, have been forced by terrible exvPe"e.n.00 J0 believe and tremble. It ÍB more eik?0<äahy in that middle state between Sleepia and waking, when the nervoB are unstrung that the sensitive brain sees objects that hai's no tangible existente, and hears Bounds that the offspring of its own creation. Terror, I remorse, love, and,grief, aro the pointers | who offer their impalpable pictures to our heated and unsettled imaginations -, and, for this reason, the belief in fantastic visions is by .no means''confined to the weak and ignorant.. The maa, whoso brain is of the highest order,' and,' consequently, the hardest worked, ÍB oftentimes more ready to rooolvo tho impressions of imaginary or ghostly apparitions, and to investigate these phe nomena with rospeat, than tho uneducated and unthinking sooffor who joers at tho whole thing aa nothing but vulgar supersti tion. Whether tho following Btory, which relates tho experiences of a night of terror, will Borve to throw any light upon the possibility of a return of phantoms wandoring on tho boundaries of another world, will depend upon tho spirit ia which it is read. Bertrand I Bandin said, "Il n'y a quo les morts qui no rovie anent pas." Eh Wen, M. Barreré, noni verrons. It ia many years ¿go since I set ont on » tour through the western highlands ot thost picturesque counties Mayo and Galway. M> yaoht lay off the little fishing village of Keem, in Clew Bay, from »hieb spot I had made trips to Clare Island, Blaoksod Harbour, and all the other places worthy ol interest upon the ooast; and I now deter mined to hire a ! guide and pay a visit tu some of "the inland -soenery. I had little diffiouUy in engaging Larry Maogobnrty's services daring my stay on shore ; he waa au honest lad, with a laughing eye, and all the aptness for repartee and impromptu wit that generally belongs to his countrymen. But^ as it is difficult to fiad an emerald without a flaw, so it is hard to find a man, even though he he an emerald islander, without some sliiiht blemish; and Larry's, I soon dis covered, was an inordinate love of potheen. With my knapspck on my back, my etiok in my band, and Larry by my side, I set off to asoend the Bteep aides of tbe Croghan mountain. When_wo started,the sun was shining in. all its glory, throwing its gold upon the trees and heather. Far below lay the oalm unruffled ocean, without .one rook or island on which the weary sea-bird could rest its foot between Achil Head and Amerioa. In the bay, Clare Island and the islets could be seen, some dark as jet, others flashing like a smile upon the faoe of the waters. Hixh above towered the hill, its summit dad with a crown of forest land, and its slopes covered with a rioh growth of wildwood and flowers, intersected by numerous streamlets that rushed down, -through the velvet mosses, laughing to the Bea. Inland we could see ridges and slopes of green broken only by lakes, peeping from their deep hiding placea, which spread away as far aa the eye could follow. The hum of big, BlumberonB, heavy I laden, broad-backed honey-bees, the joyous notes of numerous song-birds, and the silver ! tinkling of distant sheep- bells, filled the air. with sounds of summer music, and made as ! linger on our way. I A tara in the" road brought in sight an anoient toner, whioh stood on the brink of an overhanging preoipiue like some rugged war I beaten sentry guarding the -shoreB of] hiB native land. Ou approaching the building, it turned ont to be an old ruined mill, lonely, ' dismal, and dose'rted as the bloated Grange of the Laureate, desolate, spectral, and un ¡ canny aa Hood's Haunted House. I wished to pay a nearer viBit, hoping to I be able to enter the. ruin, but Larry, who was trembling with terror, said-" Ah, sure ! yer honour,'don't go near it; sure the plaoe is haunted." ' He then proceeded to relate the story of n I murder whioh had taken place theretaome years previously. The orime was of . a peculiarly atrocious oharaoter; the son of the old miller had killed him with a hatchet, for the sake ot a small gum of money that was believed to be in his possession, and, afterwards, when the deed was discovered, the murderer, pursued by the enraged neigh bours, oonoealed himself in the mill. Traoked by nurelenting justioe, and despair ing of esaape, he flung himself from the cliff into the foaming waters beneath. From that time the peasanrty avoided .the unholy spot, and it was soon reportel to be visited by the ghosts of those connected with the murder. Surely, I thought.'if. any crime can recall i the dead, and make the plaoe of its perpetra tiou acoursed, this is one. I Larry ' tremblingly desoribed' the terrible sights spoken of by the village gossips; QB I being witnessed in the blaokened walls of the dreary mill ; the most horrible one being the corpse of the murdered man, whioh, on the anniversary of the crime, was seen lying on the floor of the upper room, glazed with oongealed gore. Deserted and acoursed, the placo Jell into ruins; no one passed it with out a shudder and a prayer for tba repose of the old man's soul. Without believing in. the wild, and improbable tales told, by the peasants, I felt so moah horror of this diabolical deed, that we harried on, glad to be relieved of tho influence of the place; and we soon lost, ia the bright, sunny scenes, all memory of the haunted mill. For some hoars we continued our excur sion in'the neighbourhood, pausing often to listen to the cooing of the wild wooa-pigeons and the. lavs of the blaokbird and mistle thrush.' As we wandered inland, nothing was visible but one wide expanse of living verdate, save where the silvery waters of the streamlets and lukes were seen hidden in the luxuriant mass of foliage ; the sunset clouds ol Italy Seemed transported by the hand of some mighty magician to the sylvan soli tudes of the West ; and no scene ol nature could have offered a fairer image of Paradise. But gradually, as the evening approached, the wind, wbioh had been softly sighing through the gently waving branches, bogan to blow in freshly from the sea;.and the' Tippling wavelets, that were dancing upon the surface of the waters, seemed mo mentarily to increase in size. Everyone who knows the ooast of Ireland is aware how sudden are the ohanges-from a gale to « oalm, from a calm to a hurricane. In halt an-honr tba Boane was hardly recognisable ; the heavy Atlantic rollers were breaking npon the shore with tremendous violeuoe ; flakes bf foam came" sweeping over the surging waters, flying up thu mountain side, and were o&rried; far inland ; the saud was caught np by the wind and sent sleeting aoross the oountry, tbioker and more intole rable than any hailstones, filling the eyes-, ears, and month; levelling ditches, over topping - walls, and ' threatening to lay the ' whole coastline in one oommon desolation and tvda. Larry, who had called at every sneoeen on the road, and replenished a whisky bottle, whioh no persuasion could compel him to re linquish, was by this time more, than half-' seas over, and, to make matters worse, we missed tho beaten track and lost onr way. " What's to be done now, Larry ?" said I. " The di vii a one of me knowe, yer honour, without ye'd sit here under the rook, and wait till I find ont where we are." The rook that he spoke of hung over the path, giving just sufficient shelter for one person ; and, as night was coming on, and I felt half-blinded by the shifting Band, I consented ; and Larry, after promising to return quickly, disappeared in the darkness. Left to myself, I soon bogan to lament my lonely condition, and to abuse Larry and fate for bringing me into suoh a moss; in this congenial ooonpation an hoar passed slowly away, but there was no sign of Larry's return ; and I sorrowfully conoluded that he had either wandered so far that he was unable to find his way back, or that some Occident had happened to him ; fearing the latt'&r;, I resolved to venture out of my lair, j and try if I could find him or discover the I Jost path. _ , Cautiously feeling my way step by step, I continued to desoeod the mountain, nearly falling iuto many of the ravines and preoiploes with whioh its rugged sides are broken At la«.', after half-an-kour's scrambling about, my good fortune brought me into tho road, nearly opposite the old mined mill ; here, as I despaired of roaching tho villago that night, I determined to take rofugo. é \ After ascending, with Borne difficulty, tho rough aod precipitous path which led to the door, I cu to red tho building and lighted a small travelling lamp whioh I always carried in my lcunponok. I found tho door unlooked, just as tho terror-striolton peasants had left it ; thora was nothing in tho place to rob,' and if there had booD, superstition and fear would have been far bettor gnaroinns of 1 the house than looks and bolts. Tho old j furniture still remained, bat it had long i j linca fallen into auch a Btato of decay as"fo be utterly valueless ; most of the glass had oaen shattered in the window- sashes ; on the '-able lay the mouldering remains of a supper left there hy people whose bones had long . jin ce whitened in the groy churchyard. Being determined to make the best of a bad bargain, I began to look ronnd for some-, , thing to make a ¿re .wita, »md soon collected ? plenty of wood from1 Ithe;.'.'totting panelling/ with which the room wes surrouôdçd; tbia I built up upon the.^éíarth,. and JuonV"&A;^a/, drat time in twtat^'yeajrg^th'ere.was #^l^'^»ï flame flickering in the old chimney, oo*ft J^Ç^ÔiRi After drying my elothes^wlîièK'jM^l^i^^ti^S wet through in my endeavour to 'find.'Haeï^?î path, I made a hearty sappor off the good 'î-'-,' things in my knapsack ; and, taking a book, I rolled myself up in my boat-cloak, and lay down before the lire to try and pass th« time in reading. But tho book that I had brought with me, unfortunately, was a collection of legends and ghost stories ; and, although I was a thorough sceptic about supernatural things, still I was not altogether free from a certain unearthly awe due to the situation in whioh I waa nlaced. The rain had ceased, but it was still dark ; the lbw thunder rolled incessantly along* the hill side, and the wind moaned continuously through the tossing branches of the stunted oak and biroh-trees. Patter, patter, fell tho raindrops from the rafters, and, whenever the wind sank for a moment, I could hear the solemn .dirge that tho waves were singing at the foot.of the mountain. The influence, of the house soon came upon mo, andi could not help thiiddng of the horrible Btory oonncoted with it. Just as I was dropping off * to sleep, I seemed to hear something like 'a v smothered' groan under the flooring ; this ; "r sound made the blood sink to my heart, but .. I determined to convince myself that it was only tho. wind. Still, when the sound was ? repeated again and again, I was forced 1 unwillingly to believe my senses. It was i real, and no trick of a diseased and excited imagination. . . ? .? . My f andes bogan to crowdinto the regions . of mystery, and night, bat', at length; I - mustered up my .courage, and determined to discover its source. By moving, I broke the . spell that hovered over me; I opened tho . ? door, and, lamp in hand, I descended the stairs, to tho cellar.. In the oornor of a dark : and dismal vault I saw what seemed to be a luminous ball of fire ; a sense of something moving to and fro come over me ; thiok mists and douse vapours rose from the dark abyss and hovored round me ; so, after hesitating a moment whether , to advance or retreat, I. hurriedly made my way back to the ground floor. ? . . Had I not "been so terrified as to be scarcely conscious,. I should havo rushed from tho houso ; as it -was, impalpable impressions appeared to return from long-forgotten graves to visit me. . . Just as I was becoming mote oahu, a sound , of soratoliing was distinctly heard at tho door by which I entered; had I. not been .so agitated, I,should have thought that it was a dog, but j now, my throbbing brain could droam of nothing but. the supernatural ; tho room became thronged swith shadowy mis* teries v I dared not .open the , door, and X dared not remain where I was. I tried the windows, but they wore barred. Thoa I noticed for the first time a small door leading apparently to the back of the house ; with a sigh' of relief I turned the handle,' the door opened, and, as I entered a small room, tho first thing that met my sight was a luminous, ghastly, livid light, that streamed upwards from the floor. ', Hastily retreating, I closed the door. There was.no escape ; yes,, there was ono. In tho oorner of the room, there . was an old staircase leading to tho upper room of tho mill ; mechanically I asoondedit, and entered; with a sore tun of horror I started bock. ... . , . .', There, stretched on the floor of tho room, ia which tho murder had been oommitted, lay the ghastly apparition of a man; his hair, his face, and his whole body covered ' ? with an oozing slime that looked like dotted blood. With hair standing on end, I made but one leap down the staircase, the steps of which were so,rotten that I fell through them and became insensible. When I recovered, the suu was streaming over the hills; tho storm had ceased as quickly as it.commenced; and, as I stag gered into the open air, the birds were onoe more singing their sweet summer songs. I plunged into the Btream that ran past the door.. With the daylight my courage and my scepticism returned, and I made up my mind to hunt out the hidden mysteries of . tho mill. As I re-entered, I saw standing at the top of the stain, in the doorway, the same ghastly figure, its face and body ? covered with the same oozy slime. .With a shriek of horror, I erdaimed- -" ' "What in the name of heaven do you . require í" : ,.. .» - " Half-a-piut of whisky, yer honour,'-' : for the bottle's empty," was the reply ; and I reoognised the voioe o£ Mr. Larry Mat>"-_' gohavty. ? " You drunken scoundrel, what are you - doing here?" " Sure, «or, after I left yer honour, I fell into the bog, and thea I found the ould mill; and, as yer honour had been good enough to give me a wee taste of tho orater, I pluoked up courage and oame in to reBt for the night." Having found my principal ghost, and helped him to scrape off some of the mad from the bog, which I had mistaken for blood, I began to look for my minor apparitions. I opened the little door at the back; the floor of the room was covered with rotten flab, and, as fish when in a state of decay generally throws off a phos phoric light, the luminous appearance was easily accounted for. ; I then descended toe stairs leading to the cellar, and ia the corner found aa old mountain sheep, who had come there to die. He it was whose groans had 'first terrified me, and it was the reflection of his eyes that had looked like the barning coal in the. cellar. , The next day I left the weat coast of V,'. Ireland,' and, when I returned in after. . years, I found, the old building pulled down ; so ; I never had any farther oppor- . tunity of passing another night of terror in the haunted mill. - ^, A. LONDONEH, seeing aa advertisement . headed, "American Steam Safe Company,""' : , remarked that he waa glad the Amerioona bad made steam safe company "WHY did yon name that old korso Napo leon ?" asked a gentlemen of a negro, whose boree was almost reduced to a skeleton. " Why, maree, yon seo it's aaze the bony part la BO strong in bim," was the ready reply. A STRONG-MINDED woman was heard to remark, tba other day, that she would marry a man who had plenty of money, though ho was so oglv she had to scream every time she looked at him. WHEN ia a parson like a postman ?-When " his delivery pleases you. AN old gentleman who had dabbled all his lifo in BtatiBtios says be never heard of bat one woman who insured her life. Ha ncoonnts for this by tho singular fnot of one_j2( the questions hoing, " What is your age ?'*^ " THERE is ono thing about babies," says J a lato traveller-" thoy never change. Wo bavo girls of tho period, mon of thu world, bul tho baby is the same aelf.poasessed, fear- - loss, laughing, voracious little heathen in all ? - ' »gos and in all conntrlos." . 