delight, and, as we learn from a Galle telegiam jublished by ua yesterday, acttially called forth from the Turkish Chamber of Deputies a special address of thanks to England. On the one hand it is clear that the Beaconsfield Cabinet had abandoned their belief in the need for ottaining adequate guarantees from Turkey of the fulfilment of her promises of which so much was said in the instruc tions given to Lord Salisbury ; and on the other hand their policy was not one of strict non-intervention, accompanied with a jealous regard for Britishinterests, but was one of ill-disguised sympathy for Turkey. It was in these facts that Mr. Gladstone found his justification for boldly chal lenging the Ministerial policy j and view ing the matter candidly and with a due regard to the necessity of rescuing Eng land from drifting into a position no lens dangerous than false, it is impossible to come to any other conclusion than that his action was wise and patriotic. In this aspect of the question the vic tory of the Conservatives afforded them little genuine ground for congratulation. The duty of Great Britain in relation to the Eastern question may be regarded in cne or both of two lights — with reference to the interests of humanity and with reference to those which especially con cern herself. In either case the con clusion seems to us to be clear. Our readers will remember the eloquent words in which Mr. Gladstone appealed from the tradition in regard to Turkey to the higher and older tradition which teaches us to obey the dictates of honour and justice. Turkey has forfeited all claim to sympathy and support, and her oppressed subjects seek for relief. It can hardly admit of a moment's doubt upon which side England shovld be found in such a case. But taking even the lower ground of the need there is to protect British interests, we believe the policy of the Beaconsfield Cabinet io have been all through a mistake. Turkey, it is argued, is to be encouraged, at least she is not to have her susceptibi » lities too deeply wounded because she is the hindrance to that aggres sive policy of Russia which may endanger British interests. Admitting that Russia is to be regarded with the utmost jealousy and suspicion, and that none of her professions are to be believed, how is her aggressive ambition to be best kept in check I By bolstering up an effete Power which has lost all just claim to govern the States which she holds in cruel bondage, or by helping to secure for those very States that freedom and self-government which in time would make them the safest barrier against Russian aggression Had the latter policy been adopted it would we believe have made the position of England less insecure than it now is. Had we demanded for the subject States what they justly claim ; had we enforced the demands by requiring substantial guaran tees for their fulfilment, we should have made our own position more secure, and if we were at length compelled to resist the greed of Russia it would have been quite independent of any support to Turkey. Having left Russia to fight the matter out for herself we c?-i hardly be surprised if in seeking the relief of the Christian subjects of the Porte she also aims at other ends. This exposes England to danger ; it may ulti mately drag her into war — into a struggle in which chivalry and righteousness will have little place, and in which the com mercial element must be paramount. Should this be the case Lord Beacons field and his colleagues must be held responsible, and the man of whom they seek to make a laughing-stock will have proved himself not only to be the truest apostle of humanity, but also to possess the most practical sagacity. As it is he has done good service in re straining the impulse of the Cabinet towards active intervention on behalf of Turkey and in securing the adoption of a policy which, without having any positive virtue in it, may yet have the negative merit of keeping England aloof from war. MR. GLADSTONE AND THE EASTERN QUESTION. Mr. Gladstone's action in giving notice of his now famous five resolutions and the proceedings in the House of Common* consequent thereupon deserve a moro extended notice than we were aoie to give to them in our comments upon the mail news yesterday. It is greatly to bo re gretted that political complications should have robbed of much of its direct power a well- intentioned effort loudly called for by the necessities of the case. The great mistake mado by the ex-Premier, as it seems to us, was that when he found he could 110^ induce Lord Hartington to -t take the lead, and could not make sure of the adherence of various soctions of tho Liberal party, he did not continue to act upon his own resposibility. No doubt, according to his own statement, ho did so continue to act in a certain sense. But when in the House, and ju3t prior to the debate, a change of front was prosonted, and two of the most important of the reso lutions were withdrawn, there was a con cession to the exigencies of party, and Mr. Gladstone was certainly forcud into occu pying a party position. The course then adopted induced Sir John Lubbock to forego his intention of moving the pre vious question ; it conciliated such of tho party as advocated strict non-intervention, but it also gave the Ministerialists ground for assuming a merely party attitude and a fair excuse for the retort that thoy declined to entertain any resolutions which might embarrass tho Government in tho maintenance of peace and in tho protection of British interests unless an alternative lino of policy was indicated. Broadly speaking there were two issues, to one of which the debate would bo sure to lead. Had the resolutions been corrio& in their entirety they must have brought about a change of policy as to the Eastern question. Thero was not the ghost of a chance, however, that that would be done. In addition to this, had they boen per sisted in the previous question would have boen moved by a Liberal, and tho whole party would probably have been thrown into confusion and utter disor ganization. We can well understand that Mr. Gladstone would pause before bringing about such a result as this. The other possible issue was that Mr. Gladstone, standing alone, representing no party and opposed even by Borne of his former political associates, would have taken the course that commendod itself to his own conscience, and, backed up by the voice of the country, would havo delivered his message and boon in a still larger minority. But his indictment against the Ministry would have been on record, and it is open to question whether the moral effect of tho debatu would not have been greater. Certain it is that tho ex-Premier nwde out a very atrong case — one which amply justified him in bringing the matter before tho House. Our purpose just now is to deal with Mr. Gladstone's action, not a3 affecting the Liberal party, but as bearing upon Eng land's duty at the present crisis. One of the charges brought against tho Right Hon. gentleman was that ho was altogether too late in the day in submitting tho matter : and this is the view we wero inclined to take when tidings of tho debate roachod us by telegram. But 'further reflection,, based upon the facts brought to our know ledge by the mail nows, as well as upon those before disclosed, leads irresistibly to the conclusion that this is not the case. Those who took part in the autumn move ment were disposed to place ooniidonco in Lord Salisbury, and were anxious to refrain from everything that would tend to embarrass him or the Government. Further, it is clear that Mr. Gladstone would have moved much eavliur if ho had not been trammelled, by the dis inclination to act or the positive oppo sition of many of the leading members of his party. For whatevor delay took place he cannot be held accountable. Again, the action of tho Government in the interim furnished powerful reasons for the step taken. When Sir Henry Elliot was withdrawn from Constanti nople the Ministry took special pains to make it known that his removal was not to bo regarded as an expression of their displeasure. Then, again, the selection of Mr. Layard, whose Turkish proclivities were well known, to represent British interests at Constantinople was a direct expression of sympathy with Turkey, and was selected as a special subject of thanks by the Otto man Government. Furthennoro, as Mr. Gladstone reminded the II^uso, the Chancellor of the Exchequer had on the first night of the session spoken of the Turkish Constitution as a thing on which no sensible man could place any reliance ; whereas Lord Derby in his despatch to Prince Gortschakoff of May 1 pleads that Turkey should be allowed reasonable time to reform herself, adding that hopo of her self-regeneration was to be drawn from the promises she had made. In short, without multiplying instances, th© conclusion is inevitable that howovf-r the good sense and right feeling of indivi dual members of the Cabinet might for a time have led them to a bounder view of the question, there was a want of entire unanimity among then* which produced vacillation, and wbich,. except when forced back by a strong tidj- of popular feeHng in the contrary direction, always tended to show itself in expression of active sympathy wifa Turkey, or at all events in a way which was interpreted by the Turks as actively sympathetic. Thus Lord Derby's despatch to Prince Gortschakoff was hailed by ihe friends of tie Porte ' ^^ 