ONCLE TOM. Tlie Tunes of February 2 gives tbe fol lowing information regarding tbe Key. Josiab Henson, the original of Mrs. Stowe's " Uncle Tom— " Among ;the crowd of -competitors who from all parts of the earth thronged to show their wares at the Exhibition of 1851 was a single negrp exhibitor. All he had to dis play were four black walnut boards, but they were of ...theJ finest grain and texture, were beautifully French polished, and in the end were awarded a medal. It bore the inscrip tion, '- This is the produce of the industry of a fugitive slave fromtheUnited States,whose residence is Dawn, Canada.' In the auto biography of that fugitive slave, first pub lished at Boston a couple of years before, republished in this country in the very year "of the Exhibition/ and "of: which the latest recast is now before us 'in 'its 30th thou-? sand, after a career of six weeks, lay the germ of . that remarkable work of fiction, the circulation of which has been exceeded by that of j no book save the Bible, and which our author may be forgiven for believing was ' the; wedge that finally rent asunder' "the gigantic fabric of-American slavery ' with a fearful crash.' Yet such, in spite of the nursery protest that ' Uncle Tom' was killed in the book, and that Father Henson, therefore; :can be no more than his ghost, is the undoubted factj as a glance at the chapter on her hero in Mrs. Stowe's 'Key to Uncle Tout's Cabin' must convince any reader. Our negro autobiographer was born June 1-5, 1789, on the farm of Mr. Francis" Newman, near Port Tobacco, Charles County Maryland.- To New ham his father belonged, and his mother had been hired out by her owner, Dr. Josiah M'Pherson, who gave the boy Ids own Christian. name', with Henson as a surname, after an uncle of his own who had been an officer in the Revolutionary war. But one reminiscence of his father, a black Hercules, 6 feet in height, always adhered to the child, that of seeing 100 lashes in flicted on him by the'.Village blacksmith. He had struck the white overseer for of fering an outrage to the boy's mother*. The criminal, the merriest of his race before, became thenceforward a moody mutineer, was sold south into Alabama, and is heard of no more. Two or three years after wards the Christian mother was sold to a man named Riley, who lcicked her away when she besought him, with bitter tears, to buy also her sixth and last little child, ' Siah,' or ' Sie,' as young Henson was called,..five having already been knocked down to other bidders. The hammer con signed Joshua to the tender mercies of a still worse tyrant, named Rohb. The child was often left the whole day long feebly crying 'water!' and 'Mother!' By a kind chance, however, the sundered pair were not very long afterwards reunited, Robb, who owned a line of stages, having trucked .' the little nigger' to Riley to pay for horse shoeing. Riley, besides being a farrier, farmed; a good bit of land, and as soon as Henson was old enough he was set to carry water to the field hands, to weed with a horse- plough between the rows of corn, and to groom his master's horse. Then he had to do a man's day work with the hoe. Of the slave's hai'd lot his sketches are most graphic -, but 'the lightness of heart which he inherited from his father seldom forsook him. He boasts of the knight- errantry with which, like Mrs. Stowe's hero, he helped weak women sinking under their burden of toil, and confesses that he robbed hen-roosts to comfort the sick negresses, justifying the theft that he was but saving the lives of Massa's costlier chattels at the expense of his less valuable live stock. It was not until after these things that we are told of his ' conversion' at the age of 18, through the very first sermon he heard. Bv the time he was 20 he had risen so high in his master's confi dence that he was virtually overseer of the estate. As his body servant, moreover, he had nightly to accompany Riley to a neigh boring tavern, where he and his boon com panions met to revel. On one of the occa sions, when Riley was sorely pressed by his brother's overseer, one Bryce Litton,Henson valiantly stood up for his drunken master, and soon afterwards Litton, catching the blackfellowalone, broke both his arms. Henson was maimed for life. " At 22 Henson.married his first wife, Charlotte, a well-taught and devout slave girl, owned, by a neighboring pious family. She bore him 12 children, of whom the seven survivors are the staff of his green old age. Riley's affairs grew complicated, and. in dread of the bailiffs, the charge of 'run ning off' the whole of his black live stock to be sold by his brother Amos, in Kentucky, thousands of miles off, was entrusted to Sie, who, as they passed through Ohio, was strongly urged by more than one Christian friend to make a bold dash for his own and his convoy's freedom. The temptation was strong, but he withstood it, and handed the consignment to Riley's brother Amos, whose estatehe reached in June, 1825. Here the rest of Isaac's negroes having been duly sold down South, he lived three years better off in many respects than in Mary land; and in 1828; having many years ad dressed his fellows in prayer meetings, was admitted a local preacher by the Methodist Episcopal Church. Hence his title " Reve rend.". On a hint from a brother preacher, Henson got a pas3 from Amos Riley in the slack time of the fall to see his old Maryland master. On his way his co-religionists raised for him money enough to clinch a bargain with that man for his freedom, and his emancipation papers were duly made out on the 9th of March, 1829. But by a sort of 'confidence' juggle, Isaac got hold of them again, lest, as he told His simple victim, as he was starting once more for' ole Kentuc,' to tell his wife the good news, the slave ' catchers should seize and tear them up. The scoundrel then enclosed them in an envelope and directed them to Amos under a seal, to break which was felony, as he took care to remind the black gentleman,' before handing him the packet., By post he wrote his brother, naming 1,000 dols. instead of the 450 agreed on, all but 100 having been paid down as the prize for the trusty slave. He further advised Amos of the transmission through Henson of the sealed packet.. Before the dupe's arrival the story of hishopesof freedom and of the 1,000 dols. to be paid for it had got wind on the Ken tucky estate, and he first learnt the lie from i Charlotte. But he durst not break the seal of the envelope ; besides, without a white witness, who was 1,000miles away, his free 'papers were worthless. ' Uncle Tom'may surely be forgiven if he evaded the'question about the packet with something very like a white lie. He told Amos, ashehad told Char lotte, that he had not seen it since he left Louisville; He had added an * aside' to Charlotte to he quite sure and not let her husband Snow if she found it in his carpet-hag. The Kentucky brother did not press the matter, and Charlotte sewed the manumission round the true owner's person when he was sent down South. For there cannot he a shadow of a doubt that his forebodings, at the time of the brothers being in League to sell him at New Orleans and share the proceeds, were hut too well founded. Thither he was sent in a flat boat, freighted with cattle, pigs, poultry, corn, and other produce, the whole being in charge of Amos .Riley, jun. Henson felt sure that he also was to he put up for sale, a presenti ment verified by the event. His horror at the fate staring him in the face; was greatly intensified on the voyage by a sight of thewoe-strickenandhunger-pinchedfeatures of his former fellow-slaves. In the anguish of his despair he was overtaken by. a tempta tion of which he must himself speak. ' One dark, rainy night, within a few days' sail of New Orleans, my hour seemed to have come. I was alone 011 the deck, Master Amos and the hands were all asleep below, and I crept down noiselessly, got hold of an axe, entered the cabin, and looking by the aid of a dim light there for my victims, my eves fell upon Master Amos, who was nearest to me, my hand slid along the axe-handle, I raised it to strike the fatal blow, when suddenly the thought came to me, ' What! commit murder! and you a Christian? I had not called it murder before, but self defence, to prevent others from mur dering me. I thought it was justifiable and even praiseworthy. All at once the truth burst upon me that it was a crime. I was going to kill a young man who had done nothing to injure me, but was only obeying the commands of his father. I was about to lose the fruit of all my efforts at self-improvement, the character I had ac quired, and the peace of mind that had never deserted me. All this came upon me with a distinctness which almost made me think I heard it whispered in my ears, and I believed I even turned my head to listen. I shrank back, laid down the axe, and! thanked God, as I have done every day since, that I did not commit that murder. My feelings were still agitated, hut they were changed. 1 was filled with shame and remorse for the design I had enter tained, and fearing that my companions would detect it in my face, or that a care less word would betray my guilty thoughts, I remained on deck all night, instead of rousing one of the men to relieve the watch; and nothing brought composure to my mind but the solemn resolution I then made to resign myself to the will of God, and take with thankfulness, if I could, but with submission,-at all events, whatever He might decide should be my lot. " His deliverance seemed to be miracu lous. Young Amos, after frankly avowing his purpose at New Orleans and showing Henson's good points to buyers, was sud denly struck down by yellow fever, and now begged and prayed for forgiveness. • Stick to me, Sie ! Stick to me, Sie! Don't leave me. I am sorry I was going to sell you.' Sie nursed his enemy in the plague-smitten city, up the malarious river, and handed him safe to his father. But the light of freedom had dawned upon him. He fled, and on the 28th October, 1830, reached the Canadian banks of the river. He lost not a day till he found honest labor, and pro cured a shelter for his wife and children. Three years after he hired himself to a new master. His first Canadian employer had sent his boy Tom ■ to school, and Tom had taught his father to read by the light of pine knots. The marvel is that one so dark in mind till 50 as he was in body should have learnt to write, and still more that he should read and speak so like a scholar that Archbishop Sumner asked him, in 1851, at what University he had been trained. But,full 15 years before that we find him thinking out the problem of political economy, and lecturing to his flock on that science, and with his teach ings he paved the way for the free negro settlement at Dawn. Of the dark cloud which too soon afterwards lowered over it for something like a score of years, leaving Henson the beggared victim of his heroic and, ultimately, successful struggles to free from unlawful usurpation the fine estate of what is now the Wilberforce University, space fails us to speak. The ' Uncle Tom' torso of the life is now complete, and the end has not been unworthy of the begin ning." 