NOTES FROM THE " SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN," The Russian and Turkish Navies.— The presont war between Russia and ' Turkey is likoiy to bring1 about the odo event which ia needed crucially to tost tbo officacy of modern armoured vessels, that is, their opposition iu actual combat. All tho building of ironclads, and tbo constant improvements in their armour duo to tho increase in power of heavy guns, ■which have boon going on for tho past fifteen years, fairly may bo regarded na accomplished under conditions embodying a constant element of uncertainty; and this for tbo roason that tho always varying circumstances under which vossols may onter into conflict cannot bo foreseen or provided J for. Leaving out of consideration the . skirmishes which occurred on tbo ooast of Spain during the civil war iu that country, nono of the European ironclads bavo ovor (with tbo oxcoption of a single instanco) been in action. This exception was the quickly decided fight .between tho Austrians and Italians, in which twolvo Italian armoured vossols and eight wooden vessels mot tho seven armoured and fifteen woodon vessels constituting tho Austrian fleot. Tho Italian flagship Bo d'ltalia, a wooden ironclad, was rammed and sunk by tho Austrian flagship Ferdinand Max; and tho Italian corvotto Palestro was blown up. Tbo Italians exhibited extraordinarily bad gunnory, and the Austrians won an easy victory. This battle, however, furnishes no useful lesson, unless it is to show how difficult it is to mancouvro a ship so as to render a ram effectivo against an oneray who manoeuvres equally well to got out of the way ; for tho Austrian could not ram tho Re d'ltalia until tho Iattor bad lior rudder disabled. Tho conflict, however, is an instanco in point, exemplifying tho fact that the conditions determining success in battle are not to bo gained by providing a preponderance of ironclads in one opposing fleot; nor can tbo fortunes or misfor. tunes of vosboIs bo invariably provided for by the skill of the naval constructor, Agricultural Steam Engines.—"In buying or selling engines," says a writer in tho Agricultural Gazette, "it is usual to speak of them as being of so many horsepower. Now this is a very loose term, and opens tbo door to a very great amount of humbug. A horsepower, according to Watt, was 32,000 lbs., lifted 1 foot high each minute ; but there are very few engines made which will not do much more tbnn this for each nominal horso power. By this rule, a 10-horse engine ought to lift 320,000 lbs. 1 foot high each minute. Now some makers will give you an ongioo that will do more than doublo that work; while others will give you an engine that will only just do 320,000 lbs. and no mora. No farmer, then, should buy an engine by its nominal horse power; bo should aBk some other questions, and got written guarantees from tbo makor as to what the ougiuo really is. For instance, another of Watt's rules was that I cubic foot of water boilod off was equal to 1 horse powor. Another rule to measure an engine by is tho boiler snrfaco exposed to tho action of the fire, it boing tbo custom nowadays to allow about 20 foot of boilor surfaco to each nominal horso power, that is to say, a 10-borso ongino would expose about 200 square feot of surfaco to tho aotion of tbo fire in tho fire box and tubes, and of this from one-fifth to one-tbird would be in tho firo box and the remainder in the tnbes. If I were going to buy an engine, and wished to compare the prices of different makers, I would ask those questions: Will you guarantee that all parts of the : engine and boiler are calculated to work at the usual pressure of 1201ba. on the square inch of the safety valvo | above the atmospheric pressure. 2. Will you guarantee that tbo boilor bas 20 square feot of heating surface for each nominal horsepower ? 3. Will you guarantee tbat tbo boilor will boil off at least one cubic foot of water (6f gallons) for each nominal horsepower in tho hour ? 4i. Will you givo mo two cylindors, and will you guarantoo that each arranged with separate cutoff valves, so that I can cut off tbo steam at any period of the stroko, and in such a way that I can alter tbo cutoff without stopping the engine, and say about IS square inches of piston for each nominal horsepower ? 5. Will you givo a soparato crank shaft for each cylinder, with a governor and a flywheel for each, and so arranged ;that I can work them either separately v. or both togethor, passing all the powor through one flywheel if I wish ? G. If it were a traction ongino, I would . ask to have two speeds, ono intondod to use up all tho steam (wbou expanding b!x times) at four miles per hour, and the other to use up all tho steam at two miles per hous. If every farmer, before ho bought an engino, asked all tboso questions and got a written roply to them, I venture to think that farmers' engines would very soon be greatly improved in quality, and that many makers, who at present exist as inakors of engines sololy because their customers aro unable to toll tho difloronco between a good and bad ongiuo, would quickly disappear from the scono. A Machine Dining Table.—A roo\x=req-\ ohiuo has boon invented which may bring about a strike in a class of workers who rarely resort to bucIi means of intimidation with objects other than seouriug more "nights out" or permission to entertain move iul\x=req-\ lairors in tbo kitchen. Wo moan tho waiting maids, whoso occupation tho machine dining table aims to destroy. The inventor says that it " is so constructed as to onablo oach person Bitting at tho table to bring the various dishes within his reach, which will enable tho plntos to bo changed by meahanical means, allow oach puisou to help hiiDsoIf to water when desired, which will keep bottles of wino and other substauces cool, and which"— and hero is luxury which reminds ono of tboso frightfully oxponsive old Roman bauquots—"shall bo provided with a fountain to koop tho air cool and rofroshiug." Wo cannot protend to describe all tho mechanism. Xhoro is much of it. It looks dostructivo to children : but on the other band it offers the advantage of a useful object for contemplation or topio of conversation for a dinnor party of mechanical engineers. It might load to disngroo\x=req-\ ablo fooling among guosts, if ono should insist on revolving tho tuiddlo ' portion, oa wliioh tho dishes aro plnood, just ns another was about to help himself to 601110 dainty morsel; and tlio stronger moreovor would havo an unfair advantago ovor Iho woukor ones, beoanao (boy could forcibly adjust that rotating top eo that tbo titbits would como before their own plates. And when "the plates aro to bo cbangod, tho crank, HI, is turned, wbicb lowers tho pluto that has boon used, carries it bonoath tho tablo top, and raises a clean plato through tho opening." Supposing somebody should turn, accidentally, somebody else's crauk, HI, there would be another casus hclli, for who could sit silently by and see his dinner sink, like the ghost in Hamlot, without feelings of resentment against some one, ospccially if hungry ? There is a resorvoir over tbo tablo and a system of waterwork under it, with a faucet for each pluto If something should leak, the uufor\x=req-\ tunato guests might in politeness sit still, while they contracted violont colds, oiving to tho soaking of their nether extremities. The invention is an ingenious one, but wo fear it is not calculated to impress tho precepts of the Golden Rule. 