' Tom SalMey of Lissfngton. .. B5r:a. MOmfTENET 0BPHSON. 'Yes, we all xlrove to the cross roads near Litiisgtoa, sod saw them pass. Poor little Kit Tiwor looked quite cut up. I would hardly hate bfilieTeditofhun.' ' I irould, though.' «WhyP 4 WUv. because I think lie was leavine hie heart behind him, and I should say that was always a painful proceeding. I believe he's desperately in lc ye with May.' 'W«U,'8aidToin, laughingly, 'I believe Master Kitty has a weakness that way ; but the dark eyes ? of the Spanish girls will soon— hulloa ! By Jove ! if i a Prftyer-book ! Didn't know they made them so small. Took it for an ivory letter-weight or something of that sort. It keeps opening per sistently at the marriage ceremony, too. Kow, if I were superstitious, Blanche, 1 should fancy some thing dreadful in that way was going to happen to me.' 1 Should you really think it very dreadful, then ? I bope you're not a convert to your friend Captain Grwytfs views of women.' 'Well, to tell the truth, I have not given the matter much consideration, l^et'-s see what it loo Vb like,' said Tom, glancing at the pages before him . ' It's a much longer business than 1 thought. Never read it before.' ' How strange !' thought Blanche, ? that he and I should have read those same words for the first time in both our lives within a few minutes of each other, and out of the same book. What an extraordinary coincidence 1' Tom soon had enuugh of the subject, and dis miBBiug it with, ' Oh, this iBn't in my line !' broke into one more congenial to his tastes, namely, anticipations of the coming winter's sport. He never obtruded bia sport on people -who did not care for or understand it. He was quite capable of entering into and enjoying conversation totally innocent of the stable, and did not, like Captain Featherstoneheehaw, lo»k upon horses and riding as the only subjects in the world worth talking about. But when he did get with an appreciative spirit, he launched out freely into such topics. He knew Blanche Vereker of old, how fond she had been of lieteuiug to his boyish accounts of the wondrous feats he and his ponies used to perform ; and so be rattled on in much the same careless way as he had oeen wont to do then. But Blanche, somehow, did not enter into the subject with the same old zest; on the contrary, she seemed distrait, and was far from evincing that heartiness of manner which was naturally hers, aud which ought to have extended to so old a friend. The truth was, she did not like even to listeu to him, or to meet his glance now. There was danger in the tones of his voice and in his houest eyes ; and she disliked being alone with him. Uow she did wish either that Pane would come in, or Torn would go. ' Do you know, Blanche,' said Tom, stopping short in his subject, ' i've noticed lately you've been looking very pale, and been out of sorts. 1 shall report the whole thing to the Colonel.' ?Please dont,' said Blanche, with a strange fluttering manner. 'Poor Pane! He's quite enough unnecessarily concerned about me, without any more ideas being put into his head. I cer tainly, though, don't feel as strong as I used to,' she added ; and in spite of herself her voice would tremble, and tbe tears would come into her eyes. ' How foolish I am. Thank heaven here's Fane at last I' she thought, as she heard him approaching on horseback. As Fane entered be looked pale and worried. He bad noticed Tom's horse being led about, betraying unmistakeable symptoms of having been ridden fast from barracks, where he knew he had left Tom Bullkley. ? ' What the devil can he want, coming OTer in such ft hurry as if just to nick oft my absence?' flashed through his suspicious mind. The whole thing brought back so vividly some of his own experiences of stolen moments, snatched almost from under the very noses of unsuspecting husbands, that in a moment a whole train of jealous thoughts was fired. ' Well, JBullkley, I thought I left you in bar racks P 'So you did, Colonel,' replied Tom: 'but I got hera somehow before you — distanced you, in fact.' Fano'i jealousy was momentarily allayed by Tom's hearty, open manner ; but then he recol lected how often he had put the greeu-eyed monster to flight by the same means, and that con solation vanished. Thus did his guilty knowledge drive back faith and trust at every point, and turn every innocent action into acrime,every trifle into au intrigue ! ' Well, and what can I do for you f he asked. Tom soon told his errand. 'All right— certainly,' replied Pane Vereker, 'but you need not have given yourself the trouble of coming all this way, my dear fellow; ^aline would have done.' ' Well, you see, Colonel, time was an object, and I half expected to catch you up before you had got half way, for the sentry said you had only just gone, and I shoved my ' gee' along the whole way here.' ' I went round by Hawley,' said Fane Vereker. ' You'll stop and have sonie'lunch, won't you ? ' No, thanks ; I'll only just have time to get back to barracks, change, and catch the train. Good-bye Blanche 1 Good-bye, Colonel!' and away went Tom, as bright as a schoolboy with three whole holidays before him. Fane accompanied him out of the. room, and Blanche, from the window, saw Tom canter down the drive on Frailty, who tossed her head and bounded along, as if beside herself with pride at having one of the best gentlemen riders of England on her back. 'Are you ill, FaneP she asked, as her husband re-entered; 'you look quite pale and haggard.' 'ho, Blanche,' he said: 'not in the least ill — I feel quite well.' His face, however, gave the lie to hie words. ' I'm sure something has put you out, what is it P' she asked with real pity, for he looked unquestion ably ill and wretched. 'Nothing at all, nothing but — Look here, Blanche, I request you never to receive gentlemen visitors in my absence, no matter who they ave.' 'Very well. Of course 1 shall do as you wish, but do you mean to say, Fane, that you can't trust your wife to be alone for a few moments in the society of a gentleman, and a thorough gentleman, too, like Tom Bullkley?' ' I'd trust my wife, replied Fane, as he looked, into Blanche's blue eyes fixed honestly on him ' but' — and here he thought of what he himself had been— 'I won't trust any man living. Tell me everything Bullkley saidl' Blanche looked scornfully, and was too proud to make a reply. Her silence went to Fane Vereker's heart like a dagger, and bis cheeks grew paler, if possible, and his Tips trembled. She pitied him and spoke. ? Look here, Fane 1 It's degrading me to make me answer such a question ; but I'll do so— I give you my sacred solemn word that there was not a look, a gesture, a tone, or a word, that came from Captain Bullkley, the whole time he was here, that you, my husband, might not have seen or heard.' Here Blanche broke down, and, woman-like, had recourse to tears. It was galling to her to be suspected when she knew she was straining her whole soul to crush even a thought untrue to him. 'No, Fane! You wrong me; you wrong your self; and you wrong Tom Bullkley, by such notions I' She looked up, and, through her tears, saw him standing before her like a culprit. He looked years older in the last ten minutes. She pitied him, end felt, at that moment, as if she would have given anything to be able to return his love. 'Forgive me, darling!' he said, straining her to his breast and kissing ner. 'It all arises out of my love for you. If it were less, I would not dread losing yours so much, and if I did not dread so much, 1 should never think of such things; but I wont do it again, darling, I promise you.' Fane Vereker'e 'won't do it again,' was very much like a naughty boy's ' wont do it again, until next time.' He could not help it. It was a disease that men of his stamp are peculiarly sus ceptible; to, CHAPTER XXIII. IMMEDIATE AND 3PBEBSIKG. If money cannot purchase happiness, still it can purchase materials for making up an article sufficiently resembling it for all practical pur poses. ' Even Leonard Helstone, and he was anything but a optimist, admitted, in bis journal, that money trai coniuctdTB t* happiness. Qt course it is. No one ev^r said it was not, except in a sermon or* copy- book. We do not say that it always brings happiness to its possessor. Thers are very many people 'who are vary Tveajthy but very miserable. But if a man is miserable with riches, it's his nature, and hell be much more so without. No? money cannot always purchase happiness; but there are times when it— and nothing else— most unquestionably can, and the times when it cannot ere tie exceptions to the general rule. Do you doubt this? Well, ask the poor shiver ing outcast, who has a wife and family starving at home— if that sweet, sacred name can be applied to a damp cellar, or a filthy garret— if money would not make him happy P Would it not clothe and feed him and his P Would it not transform that den of want and misery into some thing like a home P Would it not give his children education, and take them from that path along which want and necessity are driving them to dis honesty, to gaol, perhaps to the gallows P Would it not save him from drink, which the contempla tion of this misery is driving him to ? Would not money do all thisP And would not all this make the poor forlorn wretch happy ? Poverty, and nothing else, is bis complaint. Poverty is what is the mutter with him, and money can cure that. Again, ask the poor needy, quill-driving clerk, who has his sick wife's pale face day and night before him, telling of the frail life giving wny under the struggle with, poverty, and fading like a delicate flower before the smoky poisonous breath of the city. Her face haunts him at bis desk, and peers at him in his sleep— when he can sufficiently deaden himself to his trouble to indulge in that luxury — with a silent and piteous appeal in every wasted feature for change of air — that is to say, if going away from that close court, where there is no air at all, to a place where there is, can be called a change of air. However, it's the phrase the doctor used when he said she must have it or die. Oh, if he could only take her to the country, whence he had brought her a few short years before, a happy loving girl ! But he can't ; he can't afford it. It's is much out of his power to take her to the country as it would be to take the country to her ; at least, he could take her to the country, but it would be only to starve there, and that would be out of the frying-pan into the fire, for work as ue n-ill he can only make enough to live from hand lo mouth ; and he can't give up his employment For a single day. Would not money — just a little mouey — purchase health and happiness hereP Even a ten-pound note; that would give them a month in some quiet little country village, and (.hat would set her up again. It's too absurd. Happiness going for a teu-puund note. Ask the languishing and fond young lovers, kept apart by a hitch in the settlements, whether money could not purchase them happiness? Ask the aged and service-worn Eubaltern, over whose gray head countless numbers of beardless boys have gone, whether money could not have purchased happiness for him ? It could have purchased promotion, aud that's the same thing. That's the direction in which oil his hopes point. Ask the poor curate, trying to keep his head ibove water with a few milistones hanging about his neck and lieels, in the shape of boys find girls with wonderful capacities for food and raiment, !ind with a horrible knack, like most other mis fortunes, of not coming singly, whether money would not make him happy? Of course he preaches every Sunday, and says it cannot ; but if you were to meet him just coming out of church, led be the bearer of the glad tidings that his Jltcenth cousin, twice removed, hod just died and left him a nice little fortune, would not a gleam of iiappiness light up his very existence, notwith standing all he bad just been saying about the 'oily and emptiness or earthly riches P Would not :he family with the large appetite, andthehighly ieveloped faculty of wearing out clothes, cease to je eo many millstones dragging him down, but be nore like bladders buoying him up into o seventh leaven. Did not money translate little Kit Trevor from the depths of debt and despair, as depicted in a previous chapter, to a life of joyousness, free from thought or care P Ask him if money did not on Lhat occasion make him very happy aud light hearted. Ask Tom Bullkley, as he made his preparations Cor Leicestershire, nnd had never to stop at any thing on the score of expense, whether money, or, what's the same thing, money's worth, in the shape of the rare stud of hunters he had got together, was not making him happy? He was passionately fond of the sport, aiM it was a passion inherited from his ancestors, and which had descended, without a break, through each successive generation of the Bullkleys, from the time when they used to ecour the Welsh Eorests to make up their sliareof the yearly tribute of wolves' heuds, imopsed on their country by Edward I. Nothing stood between him and his favourite pastime. Health, money, time, everything was bis to devote to it, without let or hindrance. No exercise was too much tor the frame accustomed from early boyhood to every manly sport; no figure was too high for a horse he fancied ; and 'leave' he could get to auy amount in the hunt ing season, in accordance with a time-honoured custom in the British army. The Duke of Welling ton always encouraged hunting in oflicers, and no British leader hns had the temerity, even if he had tbe inclination, to depart from a custom inaugura ted by such an authority. Of course everyone in the regiment could not be equally fbrtunate in this respect, but they none of them grudged Tom his extra amount of leave. They felt proud of him, and they lelt he was a credit to the regiment, when the capital of the hunting world rang with his exploits. Absorbing as Tom's passion was for the sport, he was never selfish in it, and what was still more extraordinary, considering that lor several months out of every year he was thrown amongst a lot of men in whose opinion distinction in the hunting field was the only distinction on earth to be envied, he was not a jealous rider. Nothing gave him greater pleasure than to give a mount to an ardent but needy devotee of the chase, and not even the most exciting of runs ever drove him beyond the bounds of fail emulation. It was not in the man to be either selfish or jealous : and even the most selfish and jealous of natures ceased to be so when be was concerned. Envy or malice towards Tom Bullkley no one ever felt, notwithstanding that his very excellence was in itself quite enough to provoke both, according to the way of the world. For tbe last four or five seasons Tom had hunted from Market Harboro', or Helton, and each year had seemed to him more enjoyable than the pre ceding ; but never had any season promised so well, in every way, as the coming one. Everything was all rose-coloured. Letters from numerous friends down in Leicestershire informing him of the more than usually glorious prospects of sport, worked him up to the highest pitch of anticipation. Then, again, be bad never before had such a command of horseflesh, both as regards quantity and quality, there was the charm of boon companionship to add to the other pleasures, and to fill up his cup of happiness to the very brim. He and a party had taken a house at Melton. Such a party! The very pick almost of the men who would be down there. First and foremost (in Tom's eyes, at all events) was his friend Gwyn, and then there was Holderness in tiis own regi ment, who, amongst the welter-weights, was a marvel. Then there was young Kord Mountness ing (Blanche Vereker's brother) of tbeColdstreams with another young Guardsman, who bad yet to win his spurs in the shires, but of whom report spake favourably ; and lastly, there was little Captain Jack Pinkerton, late of the — th Lancers, who possessed a very unassuming stud himself, but who frequently bestowed on wealthy and ostentatious owners of large stables, at their own earnest solscitatione, the unspeakable honour of riding their cattle, for such was the little captain's reputation for fine horsemanship, that it was an honour, and quite an act of condescension for him to throw his diminutive but sturdy little leg across an animal. Never had Tom looked forward with 60 much unalloyed pleasure to anything before. Never had life appeared brighter even to him, whose whole life had been as bright and joyous as a schoolboy's holiday, than when he contemplated the coming winter, pregnant with every enjoyment thai chimed in most harmoniously with his tastes and his habits ; and of all the sources of pleasure, first and foremost was tbe fact that he had persuaded 'dear old Pen' to be one of the party. This had certainly been a matter of some little difficulty, but Gwyn bad been unable to resist his friend's persuasive power, and had at but promised. Hi* puts* was net a very long one, and ha «ob14 not afford to keep such a stud as Tom, but he hunted, as lie did everything else (w|th the. ex ception of his tirades against womankind) with' Judgment and moderation, and three days a week were quite enough for him ; whereas for Tom and the others, six days out of the seven failed to satisfy their voracious appetites. Nothing was forgotten in til e preparations which experience could suggest or money obtain.. The completeness with which everything was arranged, could only be compared to the precaution and dispositions of a skilful and prudent commander before a campaign. That important department, the commissariat, had received due attention. A chef with the salary, very nearly, of a major-general,had already taken his departure for the joint establishment, together with numerous assistants ; and tbe cellar bod been Etocked to an extent that bade defiance to hospitality, no matter how open-handed, to exhaust it. Old soldiers figuting their battles over again are a mere joke to fox-hunters and their runs ; and the wine of wines, over which to kill a fox ji dozen times in the evening after be has already received tiis quietus in the day, is port. Men .who at other times eschew port, and stick to claret after dinner, alter their tactics after a ilay's hunting. A middle-aged man who generally fears gout, ind before whom the ghost of a departed sire or Srandsire holds up a warning toe, at such a time, treats the warning with contempt, and avemjes bis jrandsire by punishing the port severely. There is a time and season for everything, awd ihe time and season for port wine ia after a good iinner, after a good day with hounds. There is io doubt about it. Tom knew this, so a quautity of wondrous edd port bad been transferred from the cellars at Lissington to the establishment at Melton under ;he personal superintendence of old Walters' rival, ;he butler, a duty of so trying and ticklish a lature, that at one stage of the journey he is re aorted to have become insensible, and to b.ave remained so for some hours, under the fea.r£ul iveight of responsibility. Just tile day before the party were to start, HMle rack Pinkerton ran down to Hawley, eiitioed ;hither by tbe rumour of a ' big night' at ukjss ;hat evening, and the prospect of journeying on, ;he next day, with Gwyn, Holderness, and Tom:. According to custom, be put up with the last ncntioned, and as he happened to arrive at the jarracks at that gloomy time when every one was jn parade, he employed himself, in a characteristic nanner, ia examining bis host's cutting whips, ind hunting crops, and scrutinising fastidiously ;he different shades of bis tops, until their owner Mattered into the room from parade, and etiluted lis visitor after a very noisy and bois/Leious ashion. ' Hooray!' said Tom, unbuclding his sworifl, after ;he noisy greetings were over, and throwing it jarelessly into a corner with a crash. ' There's the ast of that little grind for a few months ! By fove ! we've got a tremendous amount o£ talent /-getber in our lot — a most beautifully balanced :rew. Tuere's Gwyn will represent the intel ectual; Mountnessing and his pal, the sporting; ind you, Jack, the rowdy and generally dis reputable element ; while Aunt Sally will act as a iort of ballast to keep the ship steady.' ' And what the devil will you do P ' asked little Pinkerton, who was as accustomed to be called rowdy' as he was to be called ' Jack.' ? I should jiink Holderness has got his work cut out ii he's rot to keep you pretty steady. 'Do? Anything you like,' replied Tom, afrom ptch and toss to manslaughter. 1 feel I shan't juiet down until I've had a rattling good thirty lve minutes.' Here Tom proceeded to get out of harness, vnry ng the usual dullness of the operation, by shying ?ach article, as he divested himself of it, s.tJack Pinkerton, who dodged the missiles with v.onder ul dexterity and good-humour. First of all, came a pair of gauntlets ; then a orage cap; then a pouch and belt wliiich dis Lppeared through the window behind the nieTCuvial ind diminutive little man; then a stable jacket vhich skimmed through the air, ami finally odged on the prongs of a pair of antlers ; then as lie game became fascinatiug, a few artio/ies of up wlscery, some of them following th« lend the joucb had given them through the wind ows panes -ther finding billets amongst the cliir ciney orna ments and pictures, but none coming,' in contact trith Captain Piukertou's small person., , 'Well, you are a duffer! Havejit hit me once.' ' Tou're so infernally little !' said Tor n. ' Well, hit one'of your own size ! II- ;re you are ! Here is Aunt Sally! three shots a penny,' gents! Have a shy at him I' The suggestion was too much ta accordance ivith tbe dictates of bis own humom- to be lost on Coin, so, as the corpulent yming nobleman entered ;he room, a 6ofa cushion skimmed across the room into his face, depriving it of its invariable aud ;hief ornament, a pipe. * Well, I am an unlucky beggar with my pipes V jaid Holderness, without betraying any surprise whatever. ' How are you, Jack ? I'm an ass ever to go into your society, Tom, with, a valuable pipe. Confound you !' 'Jufrt look what he calls a, valuable pipe!' ;aid Tom, laughingly holding up with the tongs the :ractured bowl of a dirty litlle black clay pipe that srould have seemed out of place anywhere but in Irishman's caubeen. Like a ship carrying spare spars to replace those shot away in action or lost by stress of weather, Holderness always had a supply of pipes atowed away about his person, ready for any jmergency or accident, and it was not lonf; before lie was fitted with a fresh one. und was Wowing % way silently and contentedlv in an armchair. ' I say, we ought to uave sent him down, Tom, a tew days before to air the place. He'd be bs;tter than any amount of fires/ eaid Pinkerton. ' How did you prevail on Gwyn to join us, Tom F' asked Holdemess, with his good-humoured smile at the last remark. 'I know I never could manage it.' 'I've not seen him in Leicestershire,' said1 little Pinkerton, ' since his young brother Alan w.pnt to grief, aud hit poor old Pen so deuced hard.' ' 1 don't know how 1 managed it. I've often tried, but never could get him until this time. Hulloa, old fellow! we were just talking of you.' 'Here, Tom, you careless beggar !' said Gwyn, entering and nodding to Jack Pinkerton, 'here's a letter for you, marked ' immediate arid pressing,' been kicking about the ante-room all thy morn ing.' ' I know,' said Tom ; ' I saw it wlxun I. went to breakfast. It's only a business one.' ' Only a business one !' said Gwyn. 'Yes, from my lawyer. He always sticks ' immediate' on iny letters in the hopes of getting me to answer them quickly.' ' But this has got ' and pressing,' eafd Gwyu. ' Ah, I suppose he sees I've got aocustomed to the 'immediate,' and is pitching it a bit stronger, that's all.' 'Open it, Tom!' said Gwyn in his quiet tones, and handing the letter. 'All right. Anything for a qvJetlife!' said Tom, tearing open the nvelope, ajjd reading the contents; after which, he handed the letter back to Gwyn with ' Tou read it, Pen. Do you think I ought to go-p* 'Of course you oughtV was thereply, 'why, he says hq 'wishes to see you at onca on a niatar of vital importance. He puts it as strong as words and underlining can make it. O£ course you must run up to town at once !' ' What a nuisance I' said Tom. What can it be ? It's certain to turn out something lie could have done quite as well without me. However, I'll take your advice, Pen, and the sooner I go, the sooner I'll be back. In an hour Tom was in a smoking carriage of the 'up' express, laughing and talking with a couple of brother officers he bad prevailed upon to accompany him. He was such a favourite amongst them all that be hardly ever stated his intention of going anywhere without there being a pretty general cry ot ' and 111 go, too !' 