UNDER THE SEA. W They were scrambling down the rocks, a gay, chattering procession — pretty Kate with her captain ; Dr. Gray supporting his invalid wife ; Helen, Isabel, Tom, and their midshipman cousin: last of all, Esther Vane — alone. It seemed to her morbid fancy right that it should be so. Hence forth she must be alone — always. The little guide trotted on in advance— his round, ten-year-old face wearing the' vacant look so strangely common to that part of the Main coast, with its glorious scenery. There the ocean is considered simply a vast depdt of herrings and porgy- oil, and the mountains as untoward obstacles in the way of a primitive husbandry. " Blast them, I wish they vras flat," the natives say, as their ploughs encounter the boulders at tbe base; and, if they look aloft at all, it is to calculate the perches of the " medder-land " which might be made to occupy the same area, if the heights were out of the way. Our party felt on the eve of great things. Having arrived only the day before, Mount Newport, with its wonderful reach of sapphire sea, the bluffs, the lakes in their settings of dark blue hill, were still to them images of things not seen. This, their first excursion, they had dedicated to the " Grotto," or " Devil's Oven," as the coast people call it; a sort of submarine cave, unveiled and accessable at low tide only, and a great wonder in its way. The path grew steeper. Carefully they followed its windings, step by step, sure-footed Ivate accepting the help sbe didn't need, for that pleasure in being guided and watched. And now tbe little guide pauses, and with a freckled forefinger points- round a projec tion of rock. All crowd to the spot. Ah ! ( there it is—the cave of the mermaids, A shriek of mingled surprise and enchant- "ment burst from the party at the sight. Beneath the low-browed arch the rocky floor rose, terrace above terrace, till in its highest recess it met the roof above. A floor for the nereids to dance upon ; a floor of pink coral-line, gleaming here and there through pools of emerald water left by the retreating tide. And each of these tiny lakelets seemed briming with flowers — the flowers of the ocean — green whorls, like chestnut burrs ; anemones with their dahlia bloom; brown and rosy mosses, among whose tendrils bright fish darted and played, and snails of vivid orange colour clustered; broad leaves of brilliant dye swaying and undulating with the motion of the pool — minute specks of life bathing every irridescent hue ; earthly garden was never so gorgeous. The rocky shelves were dimpled with hollows — softly, exqui sitely carved. No fancy of the old classic days seemed too fantastic or too fair for the spot. The imagination instinctively kindled into pictures, and saw the sea nymphs sporting in the foam ; bold tritons winding their shells ; mermaids playing at hide-and-seek; nixies and mocking water sprites peeping from tbe basins — all dream land and wonderland opening, and the common earth put aside and far away. With cries of delight the party made their way down, and scattered through the cave. There was room for an army. It- was hard to realise that with the returning tide the space must fill, the gateway close, and leave no resting-place for human foot. " Tou said the tide was going down, didn't you, little boy ?" "Ye-ah." " You're sure ?" "Ye-ah." " That's nice," cried Isabel. " Then we can stay as long as we like. Oh ! do some body, come here and see this." She was lying with her face almost touching the anemones. Nobody responded to her call, each had found some other point of interest. Tom had fished up a sea-urchin, and was exhibiting it. Kate and tbe captain, in a niche of their own, at a safe whispering distance, were absorbed in each other. Esther had climbed to the topmost ledge, and was sitting there alone. For the first time in six weary months, a sensation of pleasure had come to her ; she was conscious of but one longing — that they would all go away and leave her to realise it. With some vague hope she got out her colour-box and portfolio, and began to sketch. Sketching, she had discovered, had kept people off, and furnished an excuse for silence. And so an hour or so passed by. She heard, as in a dream, the chatter of the others, their questions to the little guide, Ms short, jerky replies. The pools were all explored; the urchins and anemones had been tickled with parasols, and made to shut and open and shut again ; the young people began to sigh for future worlds to conquer, and Mrs. Gray to consider it very damp. " Little boy, isn't there something else near by which we should like to see ?" " Guess so." " Well, where is it ? Tell us, please." " There's the ' Heads,' I guess." "Oh, how far off is that? A mile, did you say? That's not far. Papa, the "boy says there's a place called the 'Heads,' only a mile away, and we want to go and see it. Can't we go and see it? You know the way, don't you, little boy ?" "Ye-ah." " I think tM3 place is very damp," sighed Mrs. Gray. "I should be really glad to be somewhere and feel the sunshine again. I begin to have creeping chills. Suppose we let the boy show us to this other place, father." " Very well. Get your things together, girls. Come, Esther, we're going." Esther roused herself as if from a dream: " Oh, Mr. Gray ! Must I go ? I'm in the middle of a sketch, you see. Couldu't you leave me here quietly, and pick me up as you come back ? I should like it so much." "Well, I don't know. The tide is going out, the boy says; there won't be any trouble of that kind. Are you sure that you won't be chilled, or lonely ?" " Oh ! quite sure." " Promise me, that if you are, vou will go to the cottage at the bend arra. warm yourself, or sit onthe rocks in the sun. We'll look for you in some place or other. Good-bye, my dear." " Good-bye, sir." "And, oh, Esther, you must have some lunch. You'll be starved before-Ave come back," cried careful Helen. So she and Tom and a basket made their way upward, and a deposit of sandwiches and port wine was left in a convenient crevice Avithin reach. . "Good-bye, dear. I hope the sketch will be lovely." And they are gone — up the hill-side — Mrs. Grant last, leaning upon her husband's arm. "Poor child!" 'she said, "it makes my heart ache to see her look so sad. Didn't you notice how she was longing to have us go, and leave her alone ?" " And the very worst thing for her. She needs rousing, and all this morbid thinking does her harm." . - The voice died away. Esther caught the words, and she smiled at them — a bitter little smile. That is what all of them had said since her trouble began. She must be roused — amused — and they had crowded business and pleasures upon her until she sometimes felt she could bear it no longer. TMs was the first time in many weeks that she had felt perfectly free, free to be silent, to look sad, to cry if she wished. What a luxury it was ! No anxious- eyed mother to watch her — these comparative strangers withdrawn — this cool, darkling silence — it was delicious ! There was some thing in the very nature of her trial which made it necessary to veil her grief with reserve. A black dress she might wear — Paul was a cousin, and some shoAv of mourning is allowed for second cousinhood, even, and for intimate friendship such as theirs had been. But no one knew of the unavowed engagement which bound them since that hurried farewell letter in which love found utterance, and which only reached her after he sailed — the sailing from which there Avas no return. No one knew, as they talked compassionately of her having had a "dreadful shock, poor girl, her own cousin, you know, and such a fine young fellow" — that her heart was wearing widow's weeds, and mourning its dead as the great loss of life. It would not bear talking about, so she kept silence, and tried to wear a brave face. Left alone, she found with some surprise that she didn't waut to cry. All the morn ing she had felt that to creep away some- whexe and weep, and weep her heart out, would be so good ; but tears are contrary things. She sat there dulled into a calm that was almost content. She was thinking of the time when Paul visited the island and climbed about that very cave. On the very rock-shelf ivhere she sat, he might perhaps have rested, she liked to think so. It brought him nearer. A little later, she put her sketch away, and crept down to a broad ledge, whore, through the arch, the exquisite sky-liue was visible, The surf tumbled aiid chimed like distant bells. She lay as if fascinated, her eyes fixed upon the sMning horizon. Some where far beyond it was the spot which the good sMp which held her all went down. Down where? Her imagination ran riot. Cleaving the liquid depths to the inmost sanctuary of ocean, she saw the golden sands, the shadowy green light percolating through miles of water — the everlasting repose AvMch reigned there beyond the reach of storm, wind, or hurricane. She tried to fix the wandering images, and to think of it as a haven no less tranquil than the quiet mounds under which are pillowed beloved heads on earth. But it would not stay. Thoughts of tempest and fury, of chill piping winds whipping the foam from the waves, 01 roar and tumult, and a heav ing wilderness of dark waters, came over her ; and through all the refrain of Jean Ingelow's pathetic strain mixed and blend ed: i " And I shall see thee no morel Till the sea gives up its dead." Great drops forced themselves benea.th the closed eyelids, and she sobbed : " Oh, Paul, Paul ! how can I bear it !" And then she thought, as she had thought before, how glad she would be to die! Life didn't seem desirable any longer, and 1 it would be blessed to be with Paul, even at the bottom of the ocean. Aud thinking thus, the long eyelashes drooped more and more heavily; peace fell upon the brow- and lips ; she was asleep — asleep, and dreaming a sweet, joyful dream. How long she slept she never knew. She woke with a sensation of intense cold. The spell of slumber was so strong upon her that for a moment she did not realise what had taken place. The cave was half full of water. Her feet and the hem of her dress were already wet; and the roar of the waves beneath the hardly distinguishable arch way told that the tide had surprised another victim, and already the avenue of escape was barred. Was this the answer to. some unspoken prayer? The thought flashed over her. Had she really prayed for death? Here it was, close at hand, aud she was conscious of no gladness — only an instinctive desire for life. It was too dreadful to be drowned in that hole, and be washed away like a weed. I Life was worth living, after all. Had somebody said, or was she dreaming, that a portion of the cave was left uncovered by the water? She could not remember, but now she searched about for some indi cation. Ah, surely this is one — a cork, a scrap of paper, lodged on the Mgher shelf, fragile things which a tide must inevitably have washed away. With that instinct of property which survives shipwreck and fire, she collected her drawing materials and other little belongings, and retreated with them to tMs possible place of refuge, wrapped her cloak about her, and with folded hands, sat down to await her fate. The cave was full of pale green light. It was beautiful to see, as the advancing flow rose, ledge over ledge, and flooded the fairy pools, how each star-flower and sea-urchin, each crimson and golden weed, trembled and quivered as with delight at its refresh ing touch. Each anemone threw wide its petals and expanded into full blossom to meet the spray baptism. No mortal eye ever looked upon sight more charming; but its beauty was lost to the shivering and terrified girl. _ The doorway had quite disappeared. Sharp spray dashed against her dress. The drops struck her face. She shrank, and clung more tightly to a rock, a prayer rose to her lips; and through the tremulous light of the submerged archway, a strange shadow began to go and come, to move and pause, and move again. Was it fish or was it weed, or some mysterious presence ? Did it come accompanied by life or death ? Meantime, on the rocks above, a dis tracted group were collected. The party had come gaily back from the "Heads." Dr. Gray, ignorant landsman as he was, had grown uneasy and hurried them away. Arrived at the " Grotto," the full extent of the calamity was at once evident. The boy had mistaken the tide — flow for ebb — and the only hope was that Esther, discovering her danger in time, had taken refuge at the cottage near by. TMther they flew; but, as we know, in vain. The sobbing girls hung distractedly over the cliff, listening to the hollow boom with which the waves swung in the cavern beneath — sickening to think of the awful something which might any moment wash outward on the returning billow. The gentleman went for assistance, and brought two stout fishermen to the spot. But what could anybody do ? " If the young woman had sense'enough. to climb up to the right-hand corner and sit still, it won't hurt her none, perhaps," one of them said. "Not more than two tides a year gets up there." Ah ! if Esther could only be told that ! They could but trust powerlessly to her steadiness of nerve and common sense. " She's such a wise thing," Helen sobbed out. So they Avaited. A rattle of wheels came from the road. They all turned to look, and someone said, "Perhaps it's a doctor!" Though what earthly use a doctor could have been, would be hard to say! A figure was coming rapidly up the path —a young man. Nobody recognised him, till Dr. Gray started forward Avith the face of one who sees a ghost. " Paul ! Good God ! It is impossible !" " Yes, doctor," with a hasty hand-shake. " No other. I don't wonder you stare." "But, in heaven's name, how has it come about ? "Where have you been since we gave you up for lost ?" "It's a long story. You shall hear it some day. But"— rapidly — "forgive my impatience— where is my cousin? What is the matter ?" There was a dead silence. At last, with a groan, Dr. Gray spoke : " Paul, my dear fellow, how can I tell you ! Esther is below there." " In the Grotto ?" "In the Grotto. Can anything be done?" The young man staggered. The glow faded from his face, leaving him ashy pale. For a moment he stood irresolute; then he. roused himself, and his voice though husky, was firm: "It's a frightful place; still there is no absolute danger, if she keeps her presence of mind. I stayed there over a tide myself once, just to see it." "Is your boat at home ?" to one of the fishermen. "Yes, sir." " Fetch it round then as quickly as possible." Then to Mr. Gray: "I shall row out there opposite the entrance, and make a dive for it. If I come up inside, it's all right, and I'll see that no harm happens to Esther till the water falls, and we can get her out." " But — the risk !" " There is the risk of striking the arc& as I rise that s all. I m a good 3wirumer» doctor, as you know. I think it can be done. You can guess," with a sort of pale siuile, "how I have been counting on this meeting ; and to leave her alone and frightened, and net to go to her is simply impossible. I shall manage it — never fear." The boat came. They saw it rowed out —Paul taking the bearings carefully,. shift ing positions, taking the bearings carefully, shifting positions once, and yet again, before satisfied. Then he looked up with bright, confident eyes and a nod, and clasped his hands over his head. A splash — he was gone, and the water closed over him. Within the cave Esther watched the strange, moving phautoin which darkened the entrance. The splash reached without startling her, but in another second a flashing object whirled down and inward, and, rising, the waves revealed a face — a white face with wet hair.' In the pale, unearthly glow, it wore the aspect of death. It drew nearer; she covered her face with her hands. Was the sea giving up its dead, that here, in this fearful solitude, the vision of her drowned Paul confronted her, or was she going mad ? Another second, and the bauds were withdi-awn. The peril, the excitement of. the past hour, the strangeness and un reality of the spot, combined to kindle within her an unnatural exaltation of feel ing. Bad she not craved this? If they met as spirits in this land of spirits, was she to be afraid of Paul or shrink from him ? No , a thousand times no ! The face was close upon her. With rapid strokes it) drew near — a form emerged — it was upon the rock. With a shriek, she held out her arms. Cold hands clasped hers — a voice (did dead men speak ?) cried, " Queenie, Queenie !" The old pet name ! It was . Paul's ghost, but none the less Paul. " I know you are dead," she said, " but I am not afraid of you," and felt, unterrified, a strong'arm enfolding her. But the breast upon which her cheek rested was throbbing with such living pulsations that, half aroused, she began to shudder in a terrible blended hope and fear, and she shrunk away from his touch. " Oh, Paul ! are we both dead, or only you? Is this the other world ?" "Why, darling," gently seating her on the rock, ' ' you are in a dream. Wake up, love; look at me, Esther. I am not a dead man, but your living Paul. Peel my hand — it is warm, you see. God has restored us to each other; and now, if His mercy per mits, we will never be parted again." " Paul ! Paul !" cried Esther, convinced at last. They were - very happy. Prosy folks, could they have looked in, would have seen only two exceedingly wet young persons seated high up on a rocky ledge, with re ceding waters rippling about their feet; hut they, all aglow with light and happi ness, scarcely knew of the lapse of time before the simmering line of light appeared at the mouth of, the cave. With blessed tears streaming down her cheeks, Esther heard his story; how, picked up— the sole survivor of that dreadful wreck — by an India- bound trader, her lover had lain delirious for many weeks in a far land, Unable to tell his name or story ; and in part recovered; started at once for home, and landed in advance of the letters which told his safety. And so they had met here, 'mid " coral and tangle and almondine and, as she heard the story of his perils, Esther clasped the hand she held a3 if she never again could let go. That provident little Helen — bless her heart — " buildeS better than she knew," in providing such a store of damp sandwiches and refreshing wine for those drenched and. happy lovers. And when at last the reced ing tide opened again the rocky gate and the vista of the sea tinged with rosy sunset, and Esther, aided by strong arms, left her prison, it was with a glow like the sunset upon her cheeks, and in her eyes such a radiance of happiness, that it fairly dazzled the forlorn, bedraggled group above. Mrs. Gray embraced her foudly, aud fell into a fit of long-deferred hysterics. The boys executed a war-dauce of congratulation, aud Helen and Isabel laughed and cried for joy. And as Esther turned with Paul for a last look at the Ecene of her deliverance, the chime and murmur of the sea seemed full of blessing — the blessing of the dear Lord who had compassion upon weakness, restor ing her to life, and to that life its lost joy. With a thankful heart she weut her way. 