SPECIALITIES. WE count it the chiefest boon of our present existence that it is not past. The old Greeks had a keener sensuous life than ours, a more joyous worship of the beautiful, and altogether a much more Hellenistic time of it than we have; but then they we all dead. The ancient Romans had a good time of it too, and went forth com quoting and to conquer, and stood on a far more antihilioua plane of being than we do ; but they are all as dead as Julius Cwsar, or herring*, or even door-nails. And the Babylonians, and Car* thagenians, and a great many other venerable parties, who doubtless exalted their horns to the highest attainable altitude, because, relatively to us, they held the vantage ground of priority, are as completely sucked in as if their coign of vantage were the fardenthat the boy was asked to spit out. This is a fact Nebuchadnezzar, for instance, is gone to grass entirely ; assimilated by what he used to assimilate. He and his widows (grass widows, eh ?) are at the present moment spirally circulating up various forms of vegetation in virtue of capillary attraction—probably the first time that virtue and attraction were ever coupled together in their history. All this is very sad— for them. Now, although we Queenslanderi possess over the above- mentioned persons the immense advantage of being alive, and able to kill our fellow-brutes to keep us so, it would be too cocky in us actually to crow over our poor dead antecedents, who still enter so largely into our several fates—into our phosphates, that is to say. Ratherdoes it become ustoenquireseriously into the reason of the tremendous mortality that has taken place among the original inhabitants of the globe. Well, we have done so ; and a vast amount of reading, in every newspaper published throughout the world, has ended in our being saturated with the idea that nobody ever died except in consequence of not taking Udolpho Wolfe's Schiedam Aromatic Schnapps three times a day ; or else in consequence of imbibing bogus tonics and diuretics alleged by their pro prietors to be as good as, or the same as, the the genuine article. The sudden and swift sur prise with which one finds himself brought up short in the midst of a column of local politics by some astounding Udolpho Wolfish announcement is the most vitalis ing thing we know. The gentle way thu wolf nas of sliding you down in quite an irrelevant and aphoristic manner till you go plump into his scbiedam den, is intensely vivify ing. Observe, we are not puffing him. This is not by any means a case of a sample wolf. There has been no case of samples left at this offlcefor —well, that is neither here nor there. Cer tainly it is not here. At all events, we are quite willing to be experimented on for two hundred yean or so, being thoroughly persuaded that nobody ever yet died who has continued up to the present moment taking Udolpho Wolfe's Schiedam Aromatio Schnapps. Will, really now, it wo* about the calmest, per spiringest day aa ever we remember for April; and them poor Volunteers and bandsmen must ha' been thirsty in Queen-street; that morning, we mean, when the Gov'nor landed at three o'clock instead of twelve. Well, we have every respect for Sir Arthur Kennedy o# such, but we wish the home powers wouldn't send us Gove nors,from Hongkong, Chinamen, and smallpox places. Still though he %oa* kept in quarantine, it is certain that no Governor of Queensland ever had such a grand reception before, or such a turn out of people to look at him. But, as we said before, it was a very hot day, and the flags: drooped, and the delay from twelve to three allowed all who wanted it to get comfortably drunk and ready for the fray; and the aldermen looked immense, and so did the Ministry, but the little babies cried and grew tired of waiting in the sun so long, and Petrie's Bight looked like the hill at Epsom on Derby Day. At last the wise medical augurs grew satisfied that the foul fiend "smallpox" had been exorcised, and gave the signal, and the Kate crossed the bar and the throng grew denser, a sea breeze came up, and when she (the Kate) came to the wharf we (Asmodeus) alighted on the bridge and saw a bland, gray gentleman, for all the world like W. B. Dalley grown twenty years older and thinner,; and two stylish ladies, and several Queensland Ministers of the Crown, not to mention Borne blue frocked Chinamen like Aladdin of the lamp, on the fore-deck ; and we gazed on the Queens land volunteers, and we thought that, though they did not keep step much, they made more of a show than the four marines from the gun boat who formed Sir Oeo. Bowen's body guard on that hot dusty day on December 9,1869, when the procession took him from the Gardens to Dr. Hobbs* verandah to proclaim Queensland a Colony, and swear himself in ; and we ran over, in our mind, the landing of Major Blackall1 in 1868 ; of Lord Normanby ex "Clio," on a hot day in 1871; and Mr. Cairns from the Barra couta, on a hotter day still in January, 1874, and; we came to the conclusion that Bowen andi Cairns had a little the worst of it as regards heat; nothing since could equal the dust on Bowen's arrival, for there were neither water works nor streets made then ; but somehow the day always t* hot when a Governor lands, and we suppose it always will be bo. Concernino Enoggera again. It might be1 thought that we had by this time exhausted it, but we are not yet Buch public benefactors as that would amount to. In the meantime it has; exhausted ut. We have been laid up lately,; partly with the water, and partly with Mr. F.j M. Bailey. His letter to the Board of Water-; works has filled us with dismay, and with a list' of plants that has nearly proved fatal. We are: no longer astonished that sickness has been rife amongst us. Considering that we have all been imbibing a liquid contamination of decayed Polygonum, Heliocharia, Typha, Dyßenteri*. \ Multifolia, Cholera morbuß, Colioa Crampia, Panifl BeLticosus, and no end ol other botanical raspers, the miracle ifl that there is a man, woman, or child left to. hand an address to an arriving Governor. We consider it all the more a miracle from the fact of its being typified by what we once saw on the Great Pyramid. On the top of that venerable edifice we found a tongue sandwich and a bottle of sodawater. Now, the circumferential measurement of the sandwich gave typically, in pyramidal inches, the exact area of the Enoggera reservoir ; and by comparison of star points on another bottle, which subsequently became closely related to the sodawater one, wo found that the mustard on the sandwioh pointed exactly in the direction of the Brisbane Board of Waterworks, and would have formed a complete circle round the chairman, if he had been in the middle of it. The miracle lay in the fact that we had brought these articles up ourselves. The whole typified the necessity that would arise in Brisbane for taking violent measures against morbiferous spores and things, and alao the wonderful preservation of tine people from foul fermentations. We confess we don't see it ourselves in the least, but we look to the clergy to see it for us, so it'B all right. But this is not what we wanted particularly to say. Here it is. We have a totally new. idea to offer for the stopping of the Enoggera nuisance, much better than sending for any celebrated hydraulio engineer, and cheaper too. It seems there is a plant called Vallisneria spiralis, which, when it takes to a stream, infallibly erelong fills it up. Moreover, nature's method of planting it is through the mediumship of wild fowl ? Our receipt is this : —Catch any number of wild fowl. Feed them on Vallisneria spiralis. Attach long strings to them, and let them loose daily on the springs that supply the Enoggera reservoir. This wul very soon bo narrow the area of the latter that you will not be able to measure it even in pyramidal inches. Surely it is self-evident that if the water entirely dis appears from the sources of disease, the sources of disease will entirely disappear from the water. Q. E. F. . . . It has just been sug gested to ub that the wild fowl might be elimi nated from the experiment. But no. We love to follow the guiding hand of Nature—especi ally when, as now, she points over the fore yard. We alwajn said so—we knew how it would be. What do we mean? Why, what should we mean but the marsupial ? Even the worm will turn when it is trodden, and if a worm, why not a marsupial or a bandicoot I We really are sorry for poor P. B. Gordon. But he has brought it all upon himself. He would never listen to our entreaties to let the blessed pouch-bearers rip, and now he is catching it hoi We would not live in Gordon's house for a big bale of tanned Wallaroo skins. No, that we wouldn't. What b wrong? What are we a hollerin' at? Every thing's wrong; we are hollerin', as you classic ally put it, at everybody who opeus his mouth to form the word " marsupial." Poor Gordon ! How would you like it ? How would y<nl look if on going home at midnight you were met by your distracted household, hair dishevelled, wringing their hands, and convulsively sobbing out "We've seen it! We've Been it!" How would you like, we say, to have the midnight agony piled on by the ghastly light of the Wttnbg moon in this manner, and then to hear a supernatural thud, thud, thud, on the ground, just behind your left shoulder, followed by1 a. statuesque arrangement of a fair figure ? Mouth open, eyes rolling, and band tragically pointing behind you ? How would you like it ? Would you look behind you boldly ? Not you; you would screw your eyes round like a Mormon elder looking out for No. 37, and your head would turn as if its hinges wanted oding. And what would you see ? The fetch of a gigantic kangaroo, winking furiously with one eye, its tongue in its cheek, and its fore-pawß applied scientifically like radn of a circle to its sose. And how would you like this fearful animal to come nightly to your garden-gate, and enquire how the Manupial Bill was getting along ? Now you know, whoever you are, that this sort of thing wouldn't be pleasant; would it now, entre nous t It is for this reason we now sym pathise with poor Gordon. He is like Sir Reginald Bray, who was haunted by the monk whose head he left on Askalon Plain, substituting a Saracen's pate for the holy, tonsured skull. No more dare P. R. G. go beyond his front door at night The big Wallaby's ghost is always in attendance from eight p.m. to mid night, when it vanishes in a flash of sulphureous flame. If by any chance he happens to go on to the verandah to have a smoke, the ghostly mar* •upial hops up the steps, inserts its paw into its pouch, and brings out a copy of the " Draft Bill," with the remark, " How are we getting on, cully ? Don't think this bill of yours will wash, somehow. Too much squatter in it—not enough of consolidated revenue. Why didn't you arrange for Government to pay the whole score, and then, you know, we could have drawn lots in every district, and sacrificed a hundred of our used-up old men ? That would have been quite enough. You see Government billet-hunters could have been put on to this murdering busi ness of yours, and, like the old bullock on the Melbourne roads, a hundred skins would have done duty over and over again, till they began to get high, and then we could have gone another 'shake in the pouch' (that's Wallaby Tamba roora) to sacrifice a few more old mates. How ever, I Bhall call again as I find you bo agreeable, so good night. By-the-bye, I'll wait at the gate, in case you wont an escort to the Musical Union. Ta, ta 1" Isn't this enough to raise any man's hair and cause it "immolate the squills on the frightful port wine," eh! or any other man ? Poor Gordon is completely wasting away, and the ghost of the wallaby is "wisibly a swellin'." He is incorporating the Brandß Inspector's sub* stance into him. Already a side view of the poor man presents a feather edge, and shortly— ha! ba 1 happy thought! he will swindle that Wallaby ghost yet—he can turn edgeways to him, and the—the—thing won't be able to see him. So it isn't so hopeless as it looks; but we are sorry we shall have to decline that pleasant whist party which we are Bure he will ask us to when he sees this sympathising—what shall we call it !-oh! epitaph. We don't want to be bagged by a wallaby at midnight—not if we can help it Poor Gordon 1 Ws have taken the Rev. Mr. M'Culloch's ad vice concerning the " Stone Bible." We have been through a coarse of Pyramid Theology, both angular and linear, with so much benefit to ourselves that, with characteristic magnanimity, we propose to give our readers the benefit of our investigations. No longer need we hesitate in doubt between "A Shorter Cateohism" and the " Thirty-nine Articles;" "Papal Infallibility" and the " Beast" with the well-known brand; "Free will" and "Predestination;" "The eternal re probation ef non-elect infants" and " Universal Salvation." The new Gospel makes a clean sweep of all these trifles. You get your Pyramid, a prismatic compass, a two-foot rule, and a candle, and the thing is done. The question to be solved is simply one of Plane Trigonometry—so plain, in fact, that almost anyone, with the apparatus we have named, will be able to tot up the sine of his or her "angle of declen sion," or of "right ascension," as the case may be. We have often heard individuals described as "going headforemost to per dition," but no one ever dreamt of ascertaining the gradient of the journey. However startling the Idea may appear, it is at least satisfactory to know that a reference to the "Stone Bible" will give the precise angle of descent in every instance. There you may gauge your moral co sine or theological tangent with mathematical accuracy. We are assured that the main gallery of the Pyramid " dips " considerably towards the centre, and that this downward Blope symbolises the manner in which mankind, after the building of the Tower of Babel, " sloped " towards the " bottomless pit," which was represented by a hole scooped out at the end of the passage. Imagine a Bort of elongated " rink " down which humanity skated to the devil at an angle of 26° ! Don't talk to us of " Applied mathematics " after this. That gallery is the ne plus ultra —"the dead finish" of mathematical application. We have hitherto had an impression that the people just referred to were an uncommonly bad lot; but really their average angle of depravity is by no means great, when we remember that going the whole hog at the highest rate of speed would be represented by a right angle. At the lower end of the gallery, and very close to perdition, another passage ascends, which we are told symbolises the " Call of Abram." The precise angle at which this event occurred is not given, but doubtless Professor Smith would ex perience no more difficulty in furnishing us with the Bine of the angle at which Abram was called than he had in obtaining his other wonderful Measurements, which are simply mathematics applied to salvation. We must conclude our observations on this subject for the present. Mere scoffers will accuse us of an attempt at " makin' a fu' o' the Pyramid," but we can afford to pass them over in silence. Our credu lity and patience have been sorely tried for something like a quarter of » century. At one' time it is Darwin who insults us with his monkeys; then Huxley pelts us with " proto plasm," and Tyndal reduces us to the "un knowable." Now comes Piazzi Smith, dry-nursed by Mr. M'Gullooh, with the " Stone Bible." This last we are firmly convinced is the greatest dis covery of modern times, " tied-backs" and paper collars cannot be compared with it for a moment. Show us any other structure in the world where one may grub up history and prophecies by Inches from chinks in the floor, and theology from the angles of the walls. We can well understand tine rev. lecturer's reference to the reverence with which scientific men are studying this new revelation, when we call to mind the fact that most of their investigations must be conducted in the most reverential attitude which it is possible for a man to assume—on " all fours. To prevent any future misunderstand ing on this subject, we deem it necessary to intimate that while we are prepared to swallow this " Pyramid of Cheops," we are determined to have nothing to say to the baked-clay pyramids in the neighborhood, even though they should turn out to be Mud Bibles. We consider them "no chops" at aIL Trsrb v a fluttering tremor in the dovecotes, for a hawk overs about. The dovecote are in gome of the Oovernment offices of Erehwoa, and the hawk is of the American species. He comes from the land where the ton-weight grizzly bear bank* him in the Ohapparal, by Santa Clara and Ban Jose". He hat been up the Hudson, and travelled per rail from the lovely highlands thereof away to where Chicago bathes its feat in the waters of those siieable lakes, that fall at last * lumpuß " over Niagara's cliff: Yes, sirree ! he has moved round tome, and his discourse now is of railroads and bridges, and he is esteemed but lightly, you bet, and as a "setter forth of strange deities" by the inner circle of vested interests, the snug pocket boroughs, the strong hold of Tite Barnaoleißm that keepß its sway in the Railway and Public Works Department of —the colony of Erehwon. "What will this babbler say?" is their speech, but inwardly they misgive the business. This same hawk has come from a land where, even if love and murder do too often go together, and if law and justice are the " Blaves of the Ring," yet none the less do the people take off their coats when they work ; and eke do study the laws of physics and industrial economy and common Bense in all the material structures they may build ; and so it comes to pass that when one has mixed and sojourned awhile with suoh as they, it verily irketh the midriff, to see, in a tidal river of Erehwon, swarming with cobra, or teredo naralit, a bridge with no less than twenty six rows of wooden piles ; as if for all the world the taxpayers of the country were bound to supply at much rations at potiibk for the boring cobra, in place of as little as they conveniently can. And tills, too, when a little extra truss and brain work might have reduced the number of rows of piles (regarded in the light of cobra) food to four or five only, pending the day when atone piers should altogether take their place. And, onoe more, why, oh why, should long carriages on a railway have rigid axles, when it causes auch a grind of the wheela in the slightest curve, while all the time by simply having rotating axles a carriage of sixty feet in length can turn a corner with the greatest ease! The public works of Erehwon hare been most costly, the poor man groans under the weight of taxes and the needless public debt, and nothing but cheap roads and low cost bridges in the future will pull him out of the mess; and it will have to be done and the system thereof adopted, and those who at present will neither learn nor forget, will have to do both things, be the dovecotes never bo fluttered over the novel "transformation scene." 