THE EIGHT HOURS' FETE. To the Editor of the CiuoxectLE. Smn,--Will you allow " Shipwright" a small space in your valuable paper to answer a correspondent in your previous issue I will begin with "Outsider." A "Ship wright" did not take upon himself through these columns to inform the inhabitants of Williamstown that the Williamstown section of the shipwrights were going to celebrate the 21st of April in Melbourne instead of Williamstown. I would naturally think " Outsiders" would like to know you know what was tihe reason the shipwrights were leaving the town on such a remarkable day, and to prevent inconvenience to the inhabi tants from making inquiries on that omorning, and from saying that we were ungrateful not to let them know sooner. You are misin formed as to the reason of our seceding from the main body. We now acknowledge it to be an oversight on our part to leave men who maintain the Eight fours' system, anid will not work overtime at any price, while their fellow member is getting employment while there is room for himn at the job. That is more than Outsiders can say. I per ceive by the tone of his letter that hlie is an adlmirer of the present gentlemen on the Eight Hours' Anniversary Committee. May I loquire how many eight hours' men are there amongst them? Are there six? Let me know next time you write in the news paplers. Don't reckon men who work over time for single time pay, who do not care how longhis brother workman goes idle, anil who are like you-ready to sacrifice their time to represent the public without pay, and not like the shipwrights who will do niotlhing without pay. Your brother scribes took great care to conceal from the inhabit ants where the money comes from to pay the shipwrights for every work they do. I will tell them it comes out of the shipwrights piockets, and not from thepublic anniversary funds, which was broachled by previous com mittees and often attelmpted, and was re sisted by the shipwrrights. Iconsider Ihave wasted too much time on you, the latter part of your letter points you out to me to be one of the paper collar gentlemen under the fostering care of the Mechanics' Institute, whose benevolent feeling will soon have an opportunity when the new. Parliament meet to walk in hat on knobl and boldlly tell themn you represent the public, also tell them they do so on the Eight Hours' Anniversary Conm mittee in Williamstown. I have a friend living round the corner I think his name is Mr. Nnnck, I fancy hlie is of opinion if I hadl the big chip taken out of my eye I could walk into all of you. Next signed on behalf of the committee, now gentlemen you accuse me of trying to deceive the inhabitants of Williamstown by a deliberate falsehood, no gentleman I have not, but tries to undrceive the inhabitants from imposition that they may have bona file representation in future to carry out the wishes of the great majority and not the favourites of the Mechanics' Institute. I made inquiries about the meetings to appoint delegates, nobody that I came in contact with knew nothing about such meetings if there was such meetings the certificates froos such meetings must he kept back for three whole weeks and you Mr. Secretary was ac cused in counittee assemblledl of procuring credentials in a questionable manner from Foremen and others, of which you gave a very satisfactory account, you are aware I was present, such documents are now open for inspection, it was then in your confusion that you heanl Shipwright vowring vengeance if the Committee sanction that explression in your letter. I publicly state that I havenot uttered it neither inside nor outside against the present committee or against any mem her thereof. I was making incoherent statements at the same time before I am dlone with you, you wil regret of having ever uttered them. I dare not try to impose any misstatements on the shipwrights, I simply saidl I would report proceedings to our people, that I have done on the first meeting in the presence of their delegates who certified to their corrections, next you say that our delegates was pledged not to sit in committee unless the surplus fund, was not given ti the workman's hallis another perversion, I did not leave until the close of the meeting. I did not rtire vosring vengeance I call upon you to sihstatiate it or retract it in your next. I advise you to msake yourself generally useful on this occa sion in heating up refractory comradcs to form the ghost of a procession, and not be conjuring up in your brain a band of intelli gent slhipwrights to swell your procession. For still you not one intelligent shipwright ill join you that day unless his brain is ai ytaý.. ,iou ,. " ýourn lq well, aelýT- lit ý y cr scoi ecfle April fool you wanted. I recommend you to the A-rems " Vagabond," he isagood fossicker bnt be aware to keep clear of looking glasses lie is not in the shipwrights' camp that I know of-if lie is you will see him in your procession on the 21st inst. Oh good day Mr. Pitch, glad to make your acquaintance, you are going in for a big sum of moiey to assist shiiwrights on strike I do not believe you. For the following reason that when you dlabbed in pitch you were awful slippery, now that you are amongst grease, there is no catching you, I give up the chase. But, if you should again dlabble in pitch I will have a gin for you, you recollect how hard I triid to ape Scotchmen thinking I would he one nmyself somine fine morniug. I still piersevere, I don't call a pig Denis, I call him Sandy. There are some nice Scothment living in my neighbourhood they call mo Peterinstead of Patrick that is a step in advance. A SHIPWRIGHT. 