C^iMthry feraf $il«©. . ORANGE. ? {From our Correspondent.) As 1 nosiued to you in my last, our towne--. poople have changed the old kerosene pla». of illumination for tlao much nafer and more brilliant ono of gna. We are, however, still muoh in need of gnsfit^ors, the man hero being quite unable to mast hia engagements, leaving oho company at a loss and fcho coununaera icapa'ient. I think some of y.mr Sydney men would fiud profitable employment if they vuiited Orange. I do not know whether or nob you will efford tne saaca to mention that the great 12fch was celebrattd in Orange for the first time for many ] years. It took the enticing form of a tea party, and was brought about by tho extraordinary exertions of a deeply interested few. It appears that among aa aaaemblnge I will not tronble you to describe two were to be found whose earthly rnisoion should bs the establishment of psaoe and good will , but who, being absolutely without brains, try to get supply by bigotry. Poor men ! if fchey knew how many of their own laugh at their silly struggles they'd ory out with Scotland's poet : ' Would some power tho gtfb a gie as,' etc (I can't spell tho Scotch.) Next morning I met one of ihe3e dupea, c,nd he who generally mat me with a cheerful smile and a kind word ahied off to the other eide of the street with head down, and with rather a dangerous but indeed pitiable expression of countenance. I oould not help asking mysolf the questions : B7 what flgsDcy can auch a feeling bo imparted at theso innocent tea meetings ? How can men bo 00 stupid .it auch a distance and after the expira tion of suck a time (189 yer.ro) aa to perpetuate the memoiy of tho moat ridiculous family acrimmage (f -r ib was not n battle) that ever yet found a place ia the history of any country ? Two kings met (I'll grant tho title to 'William) — one a nephew and son-an-law of the other. A few shots are fired, and James runs away crying out, 16 Save my English subjects !' ' Do nob kill my nephew and son-in-law : 1 give up !' and ho did actually abdicate. And yet men call thia a triumph, and work themselves into a rage about what should be a matter of ridicule ia the present day, aa it really had b3en for half a century after it happened. Bub neod we wonder when that disgraceful, plot, the ' Kiaaia Ghost,' with its pallid face aud withering touch, Etf.lkei about thia fair land for such a length of time ? No. Selfishness and infcaresb in their veorsfc aspect are born of no angelic parents, and it is to be feared that con sequanoao arising from their existenco muit be always borne by the most innocent. Our Town Council have decided to caII for -;ender3 for tho erection of cattle sale yards at an expense of £800. This will indeed be an advantage, f nr hitherto catbla had to go through the town to tha old yards. Mr. Olarkes Hydraulic Engineer, is shortly expected to visit Orange, and preparations are bein;? m:ido to enable hioa to arrive at a proper decision with regard to the site of tha water reserve selected by oar respeotsd district surveyor, Mr. Fisher. I am glad to notica that oar Uorporation passed a unanimous and uearry vote of thauksto both hiraoelf and Mr. Coomb's, for their action ia tbia important mattar. The Hibernian Socitty hold its usual for few nightly meeting oa last Tuesday, and, gs ab previous meetings, miny new members weva proposed and others adrni'.fced. Ifc is a pleasure to notica the prudent and intelligent way in which their whole business is conducted, aud if many are nob mistaken, they v?ill in a short time be one of the strongest; branches in the country. The weather is exceedingly mJld for the win ter season here, Frost baa ceased, and showery cloudy wo-'.fchcr taken its place. 