MELBOURNE CHRISTIAN. ' CONVENTION. A convention of ministers, office-bearers and Christian workers in tbo colony of Vic toria waa held yestorday, under tbe presi dency of the Bev. Dr. Somervillo. Tbe aloivAvi n m. tn fntir n.m.. WAS in tbe Independent Churob, Colbns-atreet. 'The persistent fall of rain no doubt mili tated greatly against tho attendance, but there were upwards of 400 persons present. Tbe subjeots chosen for consideration had each ono" hour allotted to them. After linglng and prayer tbe Dean of Melbourne commenced with an address on tho pro- noises of tho Scriptures. Tho llev. D. S. M'Eocbran and J. Beattio, Mr. Como Johnston and others spoke on tho same subject, their speeohes nnd those that fol- lowed boing interspersed with singing and short prayers. Frniso nnd Prayer, intro duced by tbo Bev. S. C. Kent, was the '- next subjeot j the Rev. J. IN .Millard, ' James: Mirams and D. Frasor and Mr. N. ICinBrnhn being' tbo speakers. Tho Bev. Dr. Cairna spoke on "Our Young Men," and, after pointing out their duty nnd privileges, ho added advice as to their choice of companions nnd the openings there were for 'them in the ohurch and tho common, wealth. A oireulsr, prepared by the Evan- gelistio committee, urging tho importance of setting apart Thursday, 2nd August, as a day of prayer for " our young men," was road bythoBev.H. B. Macartney, and obser vations woro made by tbo Bev. 8. C. Kent and D. S. M'Eachran, and Messrs. C. E. Good and J. ON Warr alao addressed tbo meeting, The subject of Evangelisation in Town nnd Bush was introduced by Mr. TV. Corrie Johnston, who pointed out the great difference between civilisation and evan gelisation. One of their most urgent wants was an evangelistic hail. Dr. Somervillo said he would iiko to see tbe Christian heart of Molbourne como to the rescue. Why should they not get twenty men to give each a thousand pounds to build a hall of that character. Mean while, tbey wonted something of a practical description. He would advocate a tont in a commodious part of tbo city that would cost come £500 or £600 as an intermediate substi tute. Dr. Singleton supported the proposi tion of the hall, and was glad to find that nn evangelistic uniou had been formed for visit- ing the people from house to house. Tho Rev. J. J- Halley thought thero woro too many places of worship in moat of tho country townships, and it would be a blessed thing for the colony if one half of them were closed to-morrow. Tho Bev. Jvorr Johnston and Messrs. J. G. Warr and C. E. Good also spoke on tho subject. Tho Bev. Dr. Somer- ville then addressed the meoting on tho " Power of tho Spirit." Ho jilluded to tlio recent great revivals in Englaud, Scotland, Ireland and America, and said that if they be lieved in that God who had grace to bestow they would see the blessing poured out on Vic toria. Had there been combination on tho part of C'brist'a servants during tbe last 1S00 years the whole globo would havo been reached by this time with tho glad tidings of salvation. He had never advocated any giving up of denominational views, but ruther a combination of tbe different sections of Christ's Church, and by tho blossing of God tljey would advance and conquer the world.' They wanted tho subtle and gentle olemont of sympathy to bo exorcised between ministers of tho samo churob, between minis ters of ditTerent churcheB, between office bearers and members of different denomina- tions. Celestial sympathy would greatly tend to promote the utilisation of the buried talent or force hidden in tbe heart of evory Christian by the power of tbo Holy Ghost. There was courage needed in the field, on the ocean, but not moro there than Christ's people needed in Christ's work to look great enterprises in tho face, to overcome great difficulties, and to raise great sums of money to promote Christ's kingdom and glory. A gentleman in a cortain city, who took great interest in orphans, was saying some time ago that ho wished some ono would give him money to build houses for orphans. Not long after two ladies gave £3000 and £01100 respectively, and had since given £1000 more. Tho lecturer would never imagine suoh a thing as that there wore not twenty men in Melbourne able and willing to do tho same for tbe purpose of nn evan gelistic ball, Tbo preacher concluded with an earnest hope that all present would bo among tho blood- honght, saved at the last ; and he exhorted them . to remember that unless they learned to sing tho song of tho redeemed in this world they would never sine it in the next. This concluded tho services at the Iudepondent Cliuroli, Dr. Somervillo thanking all with whom ho liail como in contact for their unvarying kind- ncss to him. An evaugelistio gervico was held in the evening at the town hall, when the Bev. Josoph Dare, Mr. Harrison Ord, and the Bev. Dr. Somervillo delivered ad- dresses. 