LAYING FOUNDATION -STONE * OF CHRISTCHURCH. This interesting ceremony, which had been looked forwardjfco with expectations of great rejoicing byj^e^^abgrs of the church, took place on Friday lastpw&en; there was a congregation oFsoine three hundred specta tors present. We have, already published particulars of the architectural design and dimensions of the new church, and these need-not be repeated here. When completed it will unquestionably be one of the hand somest edifices out of the metropolis, and should, consequently, do great credit to the taste and liberality oi tne members or tne Church of England in Cootamundra. As the proceedings were of a lengthy character, we shall confine our report to a succint relation of what actually took place in connexion with the event of the day. The Right Rev. Dr. Thomas (Bishop of Goul burn), Mrs. Thomas, the Ven. Archdeacon Puddicombe, the Rev. H. E. Taylor (Gun ning), the Rev. F. R. Seaborn (Young), and the Rev. F. S. 'VSTilson (Grenfell), who arrived in town that morning, took part in the cere mony. The Rev. W. Cocks (vicar) read some ap propriate offerings 6f prayer; after which he gave out the well-known hymn (154th), so appropriate to the occasion, which -the whole congregation sang. This stone to Thee in faith we 4ay^ \- We build the temple, Lord, to Thee, Thine eye be open night and day To guard this house and sanctuary. Here, when Thy people seek Thy face, And dying sinners pray to live, Hear, Thou, in heaven, Thy dwelling-place, And when Thou hearest, 0 forgive ! Here, when Thy messengers proclaim The blessed Gospel of Thy Son, Still by the power of His great name Be mighty signs and wonders done. The glory never hence depart ! Yet choose not, Lord, this house alone ; Thy kingdom come to every heart, In every bosom fix Thy Throne. The Rev. Mr. Taylor read the 84th Psalm ; the Rev. Mr. Wilson the 122nd Psalm ; the Venerable the Archdeacon, I. Chronicles, 29 ; his Lordship, collects suitable to the occasipn ; and the Rev. Mr. Seaborn, some appropriate passages of scripture. The Rev. Mr. .Cocks then read the follow ing inscription, which was to be placed in the casket beneath the stone : — 'In the faith of our Lord Jesus Christ, and looking for redemption only through His sacrifice, mediation, and intercession, this stone is laid by Mary, wife of the Right Rev. Father in God, Mesac, Lord Bishop of Goulburn, on the 21st day of August, in the year of our Lord eighteen hundred and seventy- seven, being the fortieth year of the reign of Her Majesty Queen Victoria, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. — Sir Hercules Robinson, K.C.B., Governor of the Colony; Mesac Thomas, D.D., Lord Bishop of Goulburn; the Rev. William Cocks, Vicar of Christ church, Cootamundra; Edward Prior Barnes, Robert Broadman Cartwright, William Hall Matthews, Churchwardens; Thomas Jobson, Contractor.' Copies of the Australian Churchman and the Cootamundra Herald were also placedr beneath the stone. Mi'. Cocks then, on behalf of the congre gation, presented Mrs. Thomas with a silver trowel and the accompanying mallet, which that lady used jn performing the interesting ceremony of laying the stone.. Whilst doing so she said:— 'I lay this stone as the chief corner-stone of a church to be built to the ?: ? ' . : ' - 1 ' V 1 ' f „ ' t i- ' - honor of Christ, and called by His great name 'Christ Church,' to be the House of God for this parish and people of the Church of England, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. ' Amen.' Mr. Cocks here invited those present to place their contributions on the stone, and addressed them for a few minutes. He said it was a sacred occasion to all ; and perhaps the time would come, in the plenitude of God's mercy, when some of his hearers could look upon the church which they were now assisting to rear as the place where they had learned a saving knowledge of the Gospel. What a pleasing reflection it would be to them that they had been present at the lay ing of the foundation-stone of that church and assisted in its erection ! A stranger visiting the town would find hotels, stores, post-office, and railway — everything pertain ing to the things of the world : and it was but-right that they should also rear a suit able building as a house of God. This was the foundation-stone of a church raised to Almighty ; and in rearing this temple they were proclaiming their faith in Jesus Christ, and showing philanthropy to their fellow men, as all might bend the knee at this foot stool. He said the committee had under taken great responsibility ; and if his hearers thought their object was a worthy one, he exhorted them to give liberally. God was not unobservant of what was transpiring that day, and what He said to Saul was applicable also to all present. His earnest hope was that God would dwell amongst this people, bless them, and do them good. The offerings placed upon the stone amounted to £42. The Bishop then pro nounced the benediction ; which concluded this part of the day's proceedings. Tea Meeting. The above was followed by a tea meeting in commemoration of the laying of the stone. A number of willing hands had been en gaged in the early part of the day decorating the temporary church, where the tea was laid ; and so profusely had this been done that it formed the admiration of all who saw it, the beautiful native wattle with its richly tinted blossom, interwoven with very pretty wild creepers, together with the vases of fra grant and variegated ' garden flowers which adorned the tables, lent a charm to the happy social gathering quite novel to Cootamundra and were expressive of the hearty welcome to all the visitors present. The garden flowers, we believe, were a present from Mr. Shelton of Koggerah, who had sent them on by train and coach, so carefully packed that I they were placed upon the tables as fresh | and lovely as if they had been only that ' morning cut ; and the donor being a stranger makes his present all the more meritorious. There was also an abundance of choice fruits provided by the committee, which was much discussed at the tables. But, to crown all, were the kind-hearted, smiling, and attentive ladies who presided with the happiest grace at the tables, and who were extremely in dustrious in attending to the wants of the visitors. These ladies were : — Mesdames Barnes, Mrs. Primrose, Mrs. Matthews, Mrs. R. B. Cartwright, Mrs. Jones, Miss Jones, Miss Corby, the Misses Gregory, and the Misses Miller. Between 250 and 300 persons must have partaken of the social tea, the tables being filled nearly three times ; but having com menced about five o'clock in the afternoon no delay was caused in the opening of the meeting afterwards. Tea being over, and the seats re-arranged, the chair was taken by the Rev. Mr. Cocks, he being flanked by the other rev. gentlemen mentioned in the foregoing report. An anthem, ' Thine is the Glory,' having been sung, The Chairman said before calling upon His Lordship to address them he wished to give some outline of the proceedings of the church committee, who, he presumed, must have felt encouraged by the proceedings of the day. The church had struggled on for some time at the top of yonder hill; and probably they should have continued to labour much longer under their past disad vantages but for the wise forethought of the 1 committee in- purchasing the present .site ; and the selection of so eligible a site reflected credit upon the member of the committee who attended at Gundagai to purchase it. Its cost was £17/10/ ; and even this was not left as a burden upon the congregation, as ' his Lordship gave it as a present to the church (applause). Having obtained a suit able :\site, what were they to do with it? Many courses were open to them, amongst which was that of building an edifice at a cost of £700 or £800 ; but they eventually resolved to do better than that, and the committee looked confidently for their en couragement in erecting a building of which the members of the church aid the district might well; be proud. The character of their building would be likely to exercise a good influence with the government and the tradespeople in those which they would erect ; and these would be built according to the standard they were setting up : and thus their action would tend to elevate the charc ter of the township. A good many of them had seen the plans of the new church and as only a slight alteration had been made in them (making the corbels of brick instead of stone) they would have a church building which for suitableness and archi tectural beauty was not to bo excelled in the colony. The - cost of the church would be ' £1650. The committee had also become responsible for the cost of erecting the build ing in which they were assembled, bringing the amount to something over £1700. This was the extent of their liabilities. Towards this amount they had more than half pro mised and collected, and he believed their liabilities would bo very much decreased by the bazaar and sale of fancy goods shortly to take place. Hp wished them to bear in mind that the greater the burden, tho greater the pleasure in getting rid of' it. His Lordship, being calloa upon by the chairman, said he did not expect to have to speak at so early a part of tne meeting, but it was doubtless a proper time for him to address them. It was a source of much satisfaction to him to see the rapid progress the district was making. Some few years back it woud have been madness to look for ward to such a population as was now in the district, and that the people would be so united in the erection of the nandsome church now inaugurated. He congratulated them on having such an energetic church-builder as his friend Mr. Cocks ; and yet, strange to say, he was no ecclesiastical beggar, but he talked so much to the point always that his logic was irresistable and down came the cheques (laughter). He wanted to borrow Mr. Cocks to help them with the cathedral building in Goulburn, which was now lan guishing. The township of Cootamundra bore many evidences of success ; and he trusted they would be as successful in erect ing their handsome church ; and as he had seen the church in Wentworth, of which theirs would be a copy, he could tell them they would have a suitable and beautiful building. The diocese stood in great need pf good churches. He referred to tne Bungonia church and the progress of the church in Young as both an example and encourage ment to them to persevere with the work. Mr. Cocks was quite right when he said the character of their churches would deter mine that of their other buildings ; and he wished them every prosperity in things both temporal and spiritual. . There had lately beenrgreat progress in church building in the diocese of Goulburn; there were now 190 odd churches, which cost upwards of £100,000, collected within some thirteen years ; others being in progress which would greatly increase that amount. This went to prove the great liberality of churchmen. Then let them take courage and persevere. Such was the case also in England. A re turn was recently made to the House of Commons as to the amount collected by the leading churches in England; and that col lected by their church was set down as thirty-six millions sterling! So that, after all, we were only doing small things in Aus tralia. Let them be proud, then, that they belonged to that great church universal, which they knew as the Church of England. Everywhere her teachings were the same. If there happened to be any change at all, it was solely the fault of the teachers, and he counselled them to pray that they may have sent faithful teachers for their church, who would teach them ^ the truth as it is in Jesus. The diocese was in need of more clergymen — at least ten more were wanted. TTig Lordship then counselled them to give , to wards the erection of their church according as they were able, showing that it was their duty to do so, and that it was a great privi lege to do something towards erecting a temple which should be mighty in pulling down the strongholds of Satan. The clergy . gave up much to serve God, and the people should relieve them from care as far as pos sible, in order that they might the better devote themselves to their proper work. He again congratulated them on their success* and thanked the meeting for their patient hearing. Having been up all the previous night he was wearied, and he was, therefore, ? not as robust as he would wish to be on so auspicious an occasion. Mr. E. Barnes here sang 4 ' There's no such word as Fail' and the solo was highly ap preciated. (It was a remarkable coincidence that the gentleman next called on to speak was the author of the song, namelv. the Rev. Mr. Wilson, of Grenfell.) Besides the gentleman just named, ad dresses were given by the Ven. Archdeacon Puddiconlbe (of Goulburn), the Revs. F. R. Seaborne and H. E. Taylor ; and Mr. R. B. Cartwright and J. Watson, Esq., of Young, the last named gentleman making a good practical speech. The speeches were happy and humorous, well chosen for such a gathering, each speaker congratulating the members of the church upon the liberal spint they were displaying ; and being neces sarily similar there is not so much necessity to fully report them. Mr. Cocks also a second tizno addressed tho meeting. Between the speeches the following miisi cal interludes were given By the choir, 'Go- work in mY vineyard to day;' by Mr. H. Ellen, 'Tom Bowling.' A special collection was instituted by the chairman (contrary to expectation), but his familiar smile and persuasive logic were, as usual, irresistible ; and the sum of £8 was realised, making a total received from the proceedings of the day £52. At about ten o'clock the meeting was brought to a close by the national anthem and the benediction. There were no selections takoiTup at~~the local land office on Thursday last. Cricket match on Saturday next. 