\- ZU motten Jftorning Scratch THURSDAY, MAY 3, 1877. IN the Legislative Council, yesterday, Various papers were laid on the table, and also the plans and books of reference relative to the extension of the Great Northern line. A message was received from the Assembly, transmitting the Orange Cattle Sale Yards Bill. This was read a first time, and the second reading was fixed for to-morrow week. The makers Books and Cheques Bill was read a third time, passed, and transmitted to the Legislative Assembly for its concurrence. Petitions were presented by Sir Ai.rnF.n STEPHEN from G. King against the Underwood Estate Bill, which was referred to the select committee on the subject and by Sir GEORGE BOWEN from inhabitants of Molong against the bill for the proposed railway line from ORange to Wellington, via Ironbarks, Mr. SAMUEL. moved the approval of the plans, sections, and books of reference of the proposed railway extension from Orange to Wellington and Dubbo. Mr. DocKER thought that there was not sufficient information before the House to induce them to decide definitely in favour of the proposed line. The only argument in favour of the Government scheme was that the route was somewhat shorter, but the petition placed matters in a light well deserving the consideration of the Council before proceeding further. Mr. S. D. GORDON thought there was no comparison between the two lines. Ironbarks was a perfectly barren country and the only argument in favour of the line was that the route was shorter. Sir GEORGE INNES agreed that the only reason for adopting the proposed route was that the route via Ironbarks was shorter, but that was its only advantage ; whereas the Molong route, if a few miles longer, passed through far better country and more settled districts. The Orange interest had been brought to bear, and it was entirely a local question, as shown in the late election. He commended the present Government for taking up the question of railway extension generally, even though he thought that a further survey should have been made before any definite route was agreed upon. Although he disclaimed any personal interest in the matter, he thought the statements in the petition were worthy of attention. Sir 1?. DcAS-TnoMSoxandMr. C. CAMP»_IJ,strongly supported the motion. A lengthy discussion ensued, and finally it was agreed to adjourn the debate until Wednesday next. The Ad Emulera Degrees Bill was considered in committee, and the first clause having been passed, the bill was reported, and leave obtained to sit again. The House adjourned at half-past 7 until this day (Thursday). IN the Legislative Assembly, yesterday, Several questions were asked, the replies to which will be found in the report-in-chief. The SPEAKER announced to the House the receipt of a message from the Legislative Council, notifying the assent of that chamber to the Temporary Supply Bill for April. Mr. PIDDINGTON laid upon the table the Estimates in-chief for 1877, and the Supplementary Estimates for 1876. Ordered to be referred to Committee of Supply. Ministers laid upon the table A return to order in reference to Bills drafted, and the fees paid or agreed to be paid for drafting each Bill. Ordered to be printed. Mr. LONG moved the adjournment of the House for the purpose of calling attention to a matter concern? ing which he had received no answer from the Colonial Secretary on Thursday last, viz., relative to the non-signing of deeds of grant by his Excellency the Governor. He (Mr. Long was aware of several cases in which great loss and inconvenience had been suffered through these deeds not being signed. He would like to know from the Secretary for Lands whether anything had been done to remedy this grievance. Mr. Diuvr.n admitted that the matter was one of great importance. he himself knew of several instances in which great injury had been done by the non- signing of the grants referred to. His Excellency had declined to sign them on the ground that the system of initialling them was not a sufficient check on their being improperly issued. The matter was now however in a fair way of being settled in such a manner as would lead to the speedy issue of the grants in question. Mr. Ronr.HTSoN explained the position in which the late Government had found the matter, and the steps which they had taken to place it upon a satisfactory footing. All that the Governor had required was to have the signature of a. responsible Minister on the deed, and therefore the delay in issuing the grants could not be attributed to his Excellency. Mr. DAVIES complained of the impertinence of the answer which he had that day received from the Minister for Works, in reference to a question which had been put by him respecting the tenders for the supply of engine coal for the Great Northern Railway. He was informed that the "Waratah Coal Company had sent in a tender at sixpence per ton lower than the one accepted. Mr. HosKrxs repudiated any intention of insulting the hon. member for East Sydney. Mr. BUCHANAN complained of the business of the country being interfered with by these motions of adjournment. Mr. CAMERON- brought under the notice of the Minister for Justice the conduct of some of the unpaid magistrates. The way in which some of these gentlemen dealt with poor unfortunates who came before them, was harsh in the extreme. The Government ought to take in hand the amendment of the Vagrant Act as good as possible. Mr. M'ELHONE narrated several cases of hardship connected with the delay in signing deeds of grant. After some observations from Mr. T. G. DANGAR on the same subject, the motion for adjournment was negatived. The Crossed Cheques Amendment Bill was received from the Legislative Council and read a first time. On the motion of Mr PIDDINGTON, the names of certain honorable members were added to the Library, the Refreshment Boom, and the Standing Orders Committees. It was ordered that the petition presented by Mr. MACINTOSH on the 1st instant, relative to the Real Property Act Amendment Bill be printed. The House then resolved itself into Committee of "Ways and Means. * Mr. PIDDINGTON said that since the late Treasurer had made his financial speech there had been a change of Ministry, but under the circumstances he (Mr. Piddington) did not think it necessary to do more than make a statement supplemental)' to that made by Mr. Stuart as the Government intended to substantially adopt the estimates of their predecessors. It was not intended to propose any change in the financial policy of the Government," and therefore his remarks would be very brief. It would be satisfactory to the House to know that the revenue went on steadily increasing from year to year, and that the land revenue even exceeded the anticipations of Mr. Stuart. The additional estimates of expenditure contained a sum of .-C410,924 10s. 8d. in the shape of re-votes, and he thought that this would be a more satisfactory mode of dealing with the lapsed votes than that which had been hitherto adopted. The honor- able member then proceeded to give a detailed expla- nation of the Estimates. The estimated expenditure for the year 1877 amounted to £1,428,012 7s. 4d., and the estimated revenue to £5,308,410, a larger estimate than had ever before been submitted to Parliament. In one year there was an estimated surplus of revenue over expenditure amounting to £880,397 12s. 8d. Such a state of things had never before occurred in this colony, and therefore he did not think there would be any difficulty in obtaining the assent of the committee to the resolution which had been submitted for the purpose of covering the amount granted in Committee of Supply, He expressed himself as favourable to a reduction in the price of land, for which he had always voted whenever he had had an opportunity. As it was desired on all sides that the present session should be brought to as speedy a close as possible, the Government did not intend to propose any fiscal alterations. Mr. STUART congratulated the Treasurer on finding himself in the fortunate position of having everything already done for him. He certainly could not approve of the do-nothing policy advocated by the hon. gentleman. He warned the country that if the 'hon, member's ideas with regard to the sale of land were carried into effect, we should before long possess neither the public lands nor the revenue they at present yielded. He expected to have been told how far the ordinary revenue as distinguished from land income was meeting the ordinary expenditure of the country. Although the last four months had more than borne out his (Mr. Stuart's) anticipations, yet there was quite enough climatic uncertainty to make us fear for the future, and the possibility of a great, falling-off should have been in some sort considered and - provided for. He entirely disagreed with the practice of classing this "land income which should be reserved for particular purposes as revenue of an ordinary character, and he regretted also that the Government had not seen fit while so far following their predecessors to go on with the Amended Audit Act in order to prevent the wholesale lapsing of votes of the House which were just as urgently required as when originally agreed to. The Estimates now submitted were practically the same as those submitted by the late Government, with the exception that the amount now proposed to be expended in the Lands Department, was some £67,000 less than was originally submitted, a reduction which he considered of an extraordinary nature when it was remembered that the work of the department was' expected to be increased to a large extent. of. Mr. ROBERTSON would like to hear a fuller expia- A nation with respect to the contemplated reduction of the survey estimates. Mr. DiiiVBK said that it was desired to keep down the Estimates as low as possible. There was great force in many of the statements of Mr. Stuart, and he had no doubt but that a larger sum would have to be placed on the Estimates of the present year for the Lands Department. "Whatever amount might be required would be placed on the further Additional Estimates. Mr. GARRETT did not think that the explanation of the Secretary for Lands was satisfactory. The estimates for the Lands Department as submitted by the last Government had been prepared with great care and with a view to the strictest economy, and no good reason had been given for deviating from them. The reduction made in these Estimates by the present Ministry showed either a want of thought or recklessness as to the interests of the public. The sun ey staff was altogether inadequate to the require ments of the country. This was false economy, and would result in a large loss of revenue. After further debate, in which Mr. McELHONE, Mr. ROBERTSON, Mr. PIDDING Fox, and Mr. CAMERON took part, the resolution was passed, reported to the House, and finally agreed to. The House then went into Committee of Supply for the consideration of the Estimates-in-chief. The fol- lowing items : Schedule B, £9210 16s. 8d. ; Executive Council, £928; his Excellency the Governor, £173.5 ; Legislative Council, £6020 ;" Legislate e Assembly, £8738 ; Legislative Council and Assembly, 1750 Parliamentary Library, £1170 were agreed to and the House, at a quarter to 11, adjourned till 4 p.m. this day (Thursday.) AN Opposition that says there cannot be a short session, and there shall not be a short session, is in a position to fulfil its own prediction. The rules for Parliamentary practice have been constructed with a view to secure fulness of discussion, and they give a guarantee for the right of a minority such as is not to be found in legislative assemblies outside the British Empire, nor in any other assemblies within the British Empire. It is an arrangement of the greatest political value but it can only he worked satisfactorily by those who appreciate liberty, that is by those who like her ty for other people as well as for themselves. In the hands of the self regarding, it becomes an obstruction to Government. In these colonies the privilege has been a good deal strained, and the question has been seriously raised whether some change in the practice will not be necessitated. The greatest abuse, we are; happy to say, has not taken place in New South Wales Stonewalling has been much more developed in Victoria than in this colony, and, the " iron hand," though one is seriously threatened here, has never been brought into requisition. It is not to be expected, while still smarting under defeat, that the late Government or their friends should put themselves out to try and make things easy for the present Government. But we hope that they will have the good sense, as well as the patriotism, to avoid going to the other extreme. Opposition versus the Government is one thing, but opposition versus the public interest is quite another thing. The former may be both patriotic and parliamentary, the latter ought to be considered neither. The public is quite able to distinguish between the two. We much doubt whether the stonewallers in Victoria will find at the coming election, that they have gained anything in the judgment or affections of the people by their attempt to make the parliamentary machine un- workable. Sir CHARLES DUFFY has already, though sympathizing with much of their policy, condemned their action. His instinct as a Parliamentarian and the flavour he retains of the tone of the House of Commons, have kept him right on this point. We shall be very sorry to see a stonewall policy develop itself in this colony; and it is the more necessary to deprecate such a policy now, because perhaps there are, more than ever before, temptations, not to say proclivities thereto. Looking back upon two or three recent sessions, it must be clear to every one that the progress of Government business has been delayed by the time taken up with questions and motions of adjournment. Now, though both these things have been abused, it is not desirable to get rid of either of them. clean _uio on get no UL tumer vi. mem. Questions and irregular debates have both a value, and seeing that Parliament is the grand inquest of the country, it is not desirable to diminish the power of representatives to get at information, or bring dark matters to light. But it would undoubtedly conduce to the progress of public business if these operations could be brought under better control, The four nights in every week that are devoted to Parliamentary business, are divided equally between the Government and the House. On the first and last evenings private business takes precedence on the two other days Government business takes precedence. By solemnly agreeing to this arrangement, as it does at the commencement of every session, the House records its deliberate opinion that this is a good and equit- able division. Yet in practice it has allowed this arrangement to be continually upset. If honorable members really appreciated this division of the time, they would give it the sanction, not only of their vote, ' but of their practice. They would abstain from asking any questions relating to pi i vate matters on Government days, and also discourage all motions for adjournment on Government days, when the object is to ventilate private matters. The House could easily be a law unto itself on this matter, if it had the requisite moral courage and love of consistency. It is certainly an absurdity to say that the Government shall have two nights in the week, and then to assist in preventing it. If there is no other remedy, it will have to be considered, whether it will not be necessary to have a sessional order on the subject, so as to give the majority a right to enforce what is already a rule, but a rule sadly infringed. THE new American President is now fairly in his place, and except by extremists of all parties, he is held to have made an exceedingly good beginning. President HAYES has shown at the very outset that he is not only prepared to act for himself, but that he is also determined, that with a new Presidency there shall be a new policy. The bitterest enemies of President GRANT failed to show that he himself was chargeable with corruption, but they succeeded in showing that he was too often in danger of being made the tool of those who had made corruption the habit of their lives. Though himself above the meaner tricks of the political trade, he often failed to exhibit a preference for associates who were entitled to a similar commendation. Further, the Presidential rule in the United States for the last fifteen, years and more has been the rule of the Republican party. To some extent it has been scarcely possible for it to be otherwise. The chasm which has separated the Democratic and the Republican parties in the United States has hitherto been too wide to admit of either agreement or compromise. During the war the latter was held to mean I loyalty, the former rebellion and so far as the I Presidential rule is concerned, they have not rueaut much else since the war was brought to a close. The very existence of the Democratic party has been held to be a peril to the Republic. Hence during his eight years of office President GRANT has been to all intents and purposes a Republican President. He has not only adhered firmly to Republican principles, he has also stamped his administration with an intensely Republican policy. It was in the interest of this policy that Mr. HAYES became a Presidential candidate, and it is by those who believed in it that his candidature has been crowned with success. The Presidential contest in the United States is supposed to be less a battle for men than for things. It is difficult for strangers to enter into the importance which is there attached to party considerations, or to understand how entirely the principles or the interests of the two great political parties absorb everything else. President HALLS oweB as little to the Democrats as President GRANT did before him. The former has been as assiduously opposed and as bitterly denounced by that party as the latter, It was by a " filibustering " clique of the Democratic House of Representatives that the counting of the votes for the Presidency was sought to be delayed until the date that would necessitate a new election altogether. The section of Congress that has a majority of Democrats not only resisted the election of HAYES, it also, by 137 votes against 88, foolishly (Carried a resolution declaring Mr. TILDEN to be the duly-elected President of the United States. According to the more violent members of the Democratic party, the election of HAYES is the death of the Republic. We are told that when the period for declaring the election of Mr. HAYES had arrived, a distinguished politician from Kentucky exclaimed, " Friday, hangman's day, has come, being a lit day to witness the consummation of villainy, the scandal of,counting-in Hides." The final move that gave Mr. HA\JVS the Presidency is declared to be due to an accident that brought eight Republicans and seven Democrats into the electoral Tribunal of fifteen, instead of seven Republicans and eight Democrats. There was every reason, therefore, to anticipate that the Presidential career of HAVKS would carry forward the policy that marked the career of GRANT. But those who looked forward to this have been doomed to disappointment. Instead of a policy of vengeance on the Democrats, HAYES has commenced with a policy, of conciliation. In his inaugural address he declared that he would also be mindful of the fact that he serves his party best who serves the country best. In the judgment of President HAYES the greatest service that can be rendered to the United States at present is the reconciliation of the North and South. He also holds that if this is done, it must be by a careful recognition of State rights, and by the avoidance of unnecessary federal interference with those rights. " Only a local Government," he says, " which recognises and maintains inviolate the rights of all is true self-government " During his candidature, Mr. HAYES engaged to consider the Southern States as States, and not as Provinces-a pledge which, if kept, will necessitate a divergence from the policy which so frequently brought President GRANT and the Southern States into collision. As security for the fulfilment of this pledge, President HAYES, to the surprise, of both friends and foes, has given a Southern Democrat a place in his Cabinet. Whether a union of North and South in the Cabinet is likely to lead to a similar union outside or not remains to be seen ; but the attempt is a bold and honest one, and is surely worthy of a trial in States which, for many years, have been United only in name. The attempt to carry the Federal Government beyond mere party lines is fitly followed by an attempt to import a similar policy into the Civil Service The chief curse of the Civil Service system in the United States has been that it has made public offices rewards for partizan services. The remedy for this must lie in a system which will make the choice of candidates for public offices conditional solely on their fitness for the position sought, and which will give public officers security of tenure as long as their character remains un- tarnished, or as long as they perform their duties satisfactorily. This remedy does not, however, rest entirely with the President. According to the constitution of the United States, while all higher appointments rest with the President, subject to the consent of the Senate, it is optional with Gong_BßS whether inferior appointments shall be made by the President, by Courts of law, or by the heads of departments, But, although Congress has the power both to prevent appointments and to prohibit removals, the appointing and the retaining power has hitherto been practically in the hands of the President. President HAIRS has declared that if he is able to accomplish it, there shall not only be a reform of the abuses which have grown out of official patronage, but also a change in the whole system of making Civil appointments. The task will not be found an easy one. The theory of rotation is one of the boasted theories of the United States. The appointment of CARL SCHURZ as Minister of the Interior is, however, a sufficient guarantee that the new President's scheme of Civil Service reform is intended to be practical. This gentleman has been known as the sworn foe of all mere office-seekers, and his appointment in preference to that of Mr. CAMERON can indicate nothing short of a determination that in future Civil servants shall really be the sex vants and not the masters of the United States. To check the evils of partisanship, to reconcile the North to the South, to reform the Civil Service, and to secure the substitution of hard money for paper money are, some of the tasks that await the new President, and certain ly his earliest deliverances and acts are excellent promises that he will do his best to perform them well. .TCST as the Kensington Museum grew out of an International Exhibition, so a Philadelphian Museum seems likely to grow out of the Centennial. The main building in Fairmount Park was originally intended to be temporary, but once up it seemed a, pity to pull it down, and accordingly an effort has been made to preserve it for purposes akin to its original intention. In America, however, the Governments, whether Federal or State, fight shy of undertakings which have anything like a commercial aspect, and they do wisely if one-tenth part of the charges of corruption which Americans bring against their own officials are founded in fact. Neither the Federal Government nor the Pennsylvanian State Government, therefore, have been prepared to keep open the Exhibition Building for a great national Pantechnicon. But the property has been purchased by a company which is chartered by an Act of the State ' Legislature, and proposes to keep up a permanent museum of industrial producer on a business footing, namely, to receive goods for exhibition, and to have a commission of 10 per cent, on sales. We have received a pamphlet giving the particulars of this project which is to come into operation in the beginning of the present month. How far the scheme will answer we cannot say, but the probability is that it will be mainly confined to American articles. All the Commissioners who had to do with getting exhibits out of the Centennial Hall were unanimous in complaining of the frightful obstructions of the American Custom- house system, and very few exhibitors who have had in any way to share in those troubles will care to encounter them again. The American tariff! is adverse to the success of a permanent international exhibition at Philadelphia, for the simple reason that it is adverse to international trade. It is so, not accidentally, but of set purpose. The American tariff, which is a ponderous document to read, and a most complicated document to understand, has been constructed for the purpose of giving protection all round, and of giving it in sufficient quantity to keep out the foreigner. The successive alterations it has undergone have been sufficient to show that wherever it has been seen to fail in either of these two particulars, a remedy has been quickly applied. If, therefore, there is still any loophole for foreign producers, and the effect of sending goods to an Exhibition would be to open up trade, that trade would be quickly resented by the local producers, and an alteration in the tariff would disappoint the hopes of the foreigner. Under such circumstances it is not worth while to try and build up a trade, seeing that, if business talent achieves a success, legislative talent will soon turn that success into failure. A tariff which warns all the world off is inconsistent with the prospects of an International Exhibition Company which invites all the world to come. MAU, Suvtvivnv viv SAN FRANCISCO. The summary Of colonial news for transmission to Europe via California, by the steamship City of Sydney, will he published in this journal to-morrow morning, May 4. Orders for extra copies should he lodged with the clerk at the counter, this tiny. Our friends in the country are reminded that orders to post for England will be too late after Friday morning's mail. ¡si'piiEvtn CoT. Business this day. Jury Court : Pngnn v. Campbell, part heard ; Chester and another v. Heselton, Goold v. Reynolds, Davis v. Perrot. Banco Court : Cooper and another v. Kenny, part heard ; O'Brien and another v. Newton and others, O'Brien and another v. Jewison, Hewson v. O'Brien. DISTRICT COURT MAY SITTINGS The sittings for this month commence this (Thursday) morning with a IW of 403 cases -Nos. 1552 to 1954. Those which are undefended will be disposed of as follows: Thursday, 3rd- No. 1552 will be taken at 10 a.m., No. 1858 will not be taken before 11 a.m., finishing with No. 1754. Friday, 4th No. 1759 will be taken at 10 a.m., No. 1866 will not be taken before 11 a.m., finishing; with No. 1954. CONDEMNED CULMINAI/«.-It has been determined by the Executive Council that the sentence of death passed upon Thomas Newman, as the late Dubbo Assizes, for the murder of Mary Ann McGregor, at Coonabarabran, shall take effect-, but" the sentence of death passed upon the aboriginal, named John Simon, at the same sittings of the' Criminal Court, has been commuted to hard labour for life, the first three years in irons. THE WEATHER.-The weather still remains cold, cloudy, and wet. Yesterday morning there appeared at times some slight indications" of clearing up, and occasionally there was a transient gleam of sunshine, only to be succeeded, however, by heavy downpours of rain. This state of things: continued during the night, with no prospect of a return of fine weather for the present. The sea outside is still very heavy, so that there has been a considerable in- interruption" to th"''oi«fn! steam service. The Collaroy left the harbour for Newcastle, but after clearing the Heads found the gale too severe, and had to return to port. The Coonanbara, which started somewhat earlier in the morning, batted through the storm, and arrived safely at Newcastle in the afternoon. The telegrams posted up at the General Post Office show that the rain has been very general all along the coast districts, but had not penetrated into the interior for any great distance. NEW- MUNICIPAL LEGISLATION A meeting of borough mayors and aldermen was held at the new Temperance Hall yesterday afternoon, for the purpose of consider- ing the advisability of urging the Government to introduce a new Municipal Bill into Parliament at the earliest possible moment, and to ascertain their intention with regard to municipal affairs generally. Mr. W. If. Piggott was voted to the chair, and amongst those present were representatives from Ashfield, Waterloo, Alexandria, Camperdown, and Redfern, as well as Mr. Peacock, the secretary for the Conference. The chairman having briefly stated the object of the meeting, and explained that the Municipal Bill previously under the consideration of the late Committee of Mayor had lapsed in consequence of the Robertson Government going out of office, a resolution was affirmed that a deputation, consisting of those present, with power to add to their number, should wait upon the Colonial Secretary to ascertain' the intentions of the Government in respect to the object in view. This, and a vote of thanks to the chairman, concluded the proceedings. THE INTERCOLONIAL EXHIBITION-The weather cleared up somewhat yesterday, and in consequence there was an increased attendance of visitors. Owing to the in- clemency of the weather, and also in order to afford several exhibitors from Canada, as well as those from Palestine,' whose goods only arrived in Sydney by last Suez mail the possibility of showing their wares, the Executive Committee have decided to keep the Exhibition open until Wednesday night next, when it will be finally closed for the year, all exhibits being removed on Thursday, Friday, and Saturday week, so that proper arrangements may be made for the annual ball on the 16th. With reference to the notice of the Pine Art section, it has been stated that the awards were not made pursuant to the catalogue (which is little more than a record of all tried), but that the exhibits when accepted, according to rule, were hung, and the judges awarded the prizes according to merit and real classification. Against this, if it were understood, no complaint could be made ; but visitors do not know these things. They purchase a catalogue, which liebig issued under the direction of the Council, is supposed to be accurate. If it is not, they are not to blame for being confused and the authorities must settle the rest of the matter among themselves. Perhaps, all things considered, it would be better to omit the Pine Art section from the Exhibition for a year or two. N. S. W. ComwDM» CLUB At a committee meeting held at the Royal Hotel, yesterday, the subject of an Australian National Coursing Club was discussed. The advisability of its formation was affirmed, and Messrs. D. Jones J. W. Fleming, and J. Wagner, members residing in Victoria, were elected to represent the club at the pre Building meetings held in Melbourne. A large number of new members were proposed and elected, and it was decided that the Beaten ¡ Stakes at the forthcoming annual matches, should be confined to sixteen dogs beaten in the first course for the Cup. PALMER STREET PRESBYTERIAN Camer.a A meeting of the committee of management of this church was held in the vestry,' on the 20th ultimo, to receive a deputation appointed by the Sydney Presbytery for the purpose of explaining the proposed scheme' for the establishment of a general Sustentation Fund in the Presbyterian Church of New South Wales. The Rev. Dr. Steel fully explained the scheme. The thanks of the meeting were then accorded to him, and the committee agreed unanimously to the following resolutions :-" 1. That, while this committee fully concurs in the necessity for the establishment of a fund, by which the congregations of the church would be more closely bound together than at present, it disagrees with the tim scheme which is put before it by the General Assembly." " 2. That this committee respectfully takes reception to that portion of the report remitted, in which there is considered a threat that, unless it concurs in the' proposed scheme, it will render itself liable to the highest ecclesiastical censure." " 3. That the secretary transmit a copy of the foregoing resolutions to the clerk of the Presbytery. The meeting was then closed with the benediction. THE GHOST OF A BOAT A boat that must have belonged to the ship commanded by the. " Flying Dutch- man " is said to have made its appearance on the Mea- ning River. The news of Saturday last relates the following sir We are informed by several persons r that AWU residents of the Lower Manning are said to have witnessed the extraordinary appearance of a boat minus any occupant, in the neighbourhood of Ghinni Ghinni. On being approached it either disappears beneath the water or approaefiM the shore and vanishes. It is an starry or moonlight that it is observed. The affair is creating much talk. well is just a mystery, si ROYAL SOCIETY OF NEW SOUTH WALES. The 'annual meeting of the above society was held last night, at S Ac-Academy of Arts in Kansas North. The chair was occupied by Mr. H. C. Russell, B.A., Government Astronomer. The attendance owing to the unfavourable character of the weather, was but small. The minutes of the previous monthly meeting were taken as lTd The annual report, which was read by Dr. LeilmiR, Ziff the hon. secretaries, showed that the progress of the A was very, encouraging. The end of 1875 there were numbers on the roll ; 132 new members were elected in IMS K 308 members, of whom three died during 1 NO 77 and even withdrew, having 298 "members at the beginning of this session of lou. Abnllottookpli.ce for the election of officers, which are alter M follows:-Vice-Presidente: Rev. W. B. CIn kt, 85 H.C. Resell. hon. Treasurer: Hon. William I Scot Hon. Peeretmk«: Professor Live. sedge, and Dr. iSu? Members of Council : Hon. F. Lord, Mr James _SS_to-,Mr. Charles Moore, Mr. Christopher Rolleston, An Smith, Mr. H. G. A. Wright. All the old Üffleewhave therefore been re-elected The chairman, Mr. M C Russell, and the opening address to the year, in which he named some of the more important scientific discoveries and improvements of the past year. NrwsriPEn APMIESSINO MARNE. It is a matter of importance to newspaper proprietors to get their papers addressed with sufficient expedition and accuracy, to Tich Dost trains, or steamer in time is a source of constant 'nxietvto'fbcm, and in these days of rapid printing and his circulation the plan of writing he addresses on the MPCTS themselves, or on the slips mod iii fastening them, must give way to more expeditious methods, there have "en numerous inventions patented in England and America and elsewhere having for their object the substitution of printed for written address. The best machines are considered to be there patented in America and which is generally regulated matters. An adept can work them up to 2000 addresses an hour, and forwngers they have been worked up to the 7. The whole apparatus consists of a reel of three or four thousand addresses on a ribbon of papers paste-box With its ribbon and cutting-out, stamping, and feeding parts nil enclosed in a strong sheet-copper bellows-shaped box. Í his box is about 9 inches long, weighs about 25 lbs. cannot get out of order, and will last torches. The addresses are printed in sheets, and the paper cut into longitudinal strips and pasted together to form a ribbon. In America these sheets are kept no records of the day's issue, and nearly the whole of book-keeping and correspondence with agents and subscribers is carried on by means of the labels -the different intimations being made by the colour of the paper used and the printing of significant letters or words upon the labels. The apparatus is, therefore, in American phraseology, designated a " master and dimmer. Mr J. S. Lynch, publisher of the Government Printing Office, and one of the Philadelphia rifle team representing this colony, finding the " matter " used in some of the largest publishing rooms of the United Slides, wasnt the personal expense and trouble of securing the right of using the apparatus, and brought one with him. This he put into use for the first time in publishing the Government Gazette on Tuesday, last, and it was found that a lad, working it without practice, was easily able to keep up with the fastest printing machine, so that the addressing took very little time. The Gazette was got to post on the afternoon of its publication for the first time in its history, and the services of a dozen or more lads form full day were saved. Apart from the saving of time and the convenience vhiiMi will attend the use of this apparatus, it is said that it will be the means of saving the Government at least £;0U a year in labour and paper. PUBLICATIONS We have received No.' " of the "Chess Players' Chronicle," edited by the Rev. C. E. Ranken; and the Official Uniform of the International Exhibition at Philadelphia. The former is a monthly record h of chess, with papers on problems and con espondence relating to the noble game. RAILWAY EXTENSION TO THE WEST.-The Free Press says that on Saturday last the Mayor of Bathurst, Mr. E. Webb, received a telegram from the secretary of the Railway Progress Committee at Molonglo Railway meeting now being held protesting against the Assembly passing such a national question without Parliamentary division. We send petition to Upper House by Sunday's mail. Copy posted to you. Please adopt." The Mayor i returned no answer teeth above to the cast that the Bathurst committee had met and decided that it would be useless to take any further action in the matter, as the question had been settled by the Assembly. . . NARROW ESCAPE FROM FIRE IN GermaN. On Friday night (the Herald reports) the premises of Messrs. lane and Co., of Auburn-street had a narrow escape from being the scene of a conflagration. It seems that the man most charge of the kerosene lamps by which the place is lighted left one of them burning under the shed in which he had been cleaning them, and shortly of towards it exploded, the oil mining on and setting fire to the board on which it was standing. Mrs. Lane was coming downstairs at the time, and seeing the flames gave the alarm, and owing to her excitement fell to the bottom of the stairs, but fortunately without sustaining any injury beyond a few bruises. Mr. Lane and others ran out and extinguished the frames with buckets of water. SERJEANT SLEIGH AND MR. Wenn, or THE YICTOWAN BAUM slight difference occurred between these legal gentlemen, who are engaged on opposite sides in the divorce case, Fisher v. Fisher, now being tried in the Melbourne Supreme Court. It appears (its stated in the Argus) that on Saturday the learned serjeant interrupted a question of Mr. Webb's, by alleging that he was not stating the evidence properly, alluding to some evidence that the girl Kate Stokes had given with reference to the occurrences at Mr. Fisher's house.' Serjeant Sleigh then refloated what he said that the witness had stated. Mr. "Webb rejoined that she had said nothing of the sort. The Chief Justice said that Mr. Webb's account, of the evidence was correct. Serjeant Sleigh said that in England he had usually been treated with courtesy, and he expected the same treatment from the Bar here, which he intended to reciprocate ; but if he did not meet with it he intended to treat with the contempt they deserved those who used him otherwise. Mr. Webb said it was not usually considered courteous to interrupt the examination as Mr. Serjeant Sleigh had been in the habit of doing, nor was it usual for counsel to sit as Serjeant Sleigh was doing, in the attorneys' seat and lookup at the witness. Serjeant Sleigh said that he sat there because he could hear better than in the barristers' seat, and there was nothing to prevent him. In his address to the jury afterwards, Mr. Sleigh referred to the matter, and hoped it would make no difference between himself and Mr. Webb, but at the same time he felt in the position of a man who, is a revolver was placed at-his head, was not particularly careful as to the weapon he used in return. Mr. Higinbotham, in his speech to the jury, assured the learned serjeant that his talents would meet with hearty recognition from the Victorian Bar, and while he would receive the warmest co-operation of those barristers with whom he was engaged, he might expect, and most assuredly would get give, a sturdy, strenuous, and straightforward opposition from those who might he engaged against him. THE APPOINTMENT OF IMPERIAL JUDGES. It would be ridiculous (says the Spectator), to assert that the sun could not now of uvnkh two or three recruits to the Bench' equal in all respects to the best of the present Judges, as ndicYdou9,tts to suppose that there was not the making of another general officer in the whole army.' And if now or hereafter the Bar could not yield the requisite supply, why should the Lord Chancellor be debarred from occasionally turning to the County Court Judges? Some of them are men of learning and proved judicial ability ; one or two are eminent lawyers, whom in all probability only an unfortunate chance of early preferment has prevented' from becom- ing Judges of the superior Courts, and it would be possible to name some whose opinions on a knotty point of law would carry as much weight as those of' most Puisne Judges. l THE COST OF EDUCATION IN ENGLAND.-A'Pama montary paper, issued on the 14th March, relating to grants 11 i?-ílta"''schools'smws that 100 you' ended March it i J. ' ,0,al expenditure from education grants yearning grants to training colleges, pensions to teachers, nnttcipensesof administration) was £1,632,010 17s. 11d., 1st cTÛS greet increase <" cr the previous year of £175,863 answer The grants to Church of England schools W.? ^9,945 8s. 9d., which was an increase of Mr L i 4d' over 187'; British Wesleyan, and other schools received £253,8 19s. 7d., or £1/,929 is in Moreton to 187'; Roman Catholic schools, Rules e3\3d- an increase of £7228 3s. 10d. : ' t^'nf113'"8 16s- 7d.. an increase of . Pion TI i- ' Qnd parochial union schools, 40in a purse of administration amounted to Sis Tyrell increase of £13>908 16s 8d- To the R Ti 'i . 01fJani2atioii of districts cost £3104 £384 IRV "1 grants to School Boards amounted to total and a-;' nu]acreaso of 26' 5s- 5d- over 1875. The Marchlift icT from" Nation grants from 1839 to Chmchof'v,?',6' ywíV.620,030 0s.. 10s, of which British \v_ie,Mld schools showed £11,343,380 16s. 4d. ; Roman P"._!iyan! ftIul other schools, £2,923,711 6s. Id. £337oiOlt°^Stho0,S',£S17'535 11s- 2d BSc Wah 5 and safe schools *7S,803,9s. 0d.; JS__u£,T vC,UÄUL PiAXBT.-It'is difficult to M L ve,Tie(r Li" his Ris observers, without, as nor any A' W relation with each' other, Burn, Jan hàvlS°fnOÎ the ? 'periods TO STEP epochs of sale-' ""on a' chance UPON six exact kind PeST "VFL he ate motion of a of some stones?? SUspiCion has reached 'the Trades fact pointed out , J T orders of the observations, the PPGM stones industrious French astronomer does late, teS!T^nt*imnt'.ve of their reality. At any bliss thirds of such a body may be the calculated" eS, "fXaminnti.D-n of the Sun's disc' near transit OF __5t station, within the assumed month terris vere ,in1,lpPr,-ï,at refer 'the present place either the Settle ",robaljll'ty of a transit tailing met a. the spring or autumn node for several years. Masonic Hall uSdT ,?' as a concert for events to be Governor and L- S .p!,,rontleo of his Excellency the artraXeonT^i,-!^"1"0",- The Programme is an straws "used by amateurs, many of tai»'oceasio_ S ^_^/ta?,dat"d in my 3's. On years SS wUl raises, stoker, who is only eleven doctor K&^Sîî* sITe- Palmer Ascher's grand P^o,,fro_n«te,;^>«? TcU,».o_d a duet for two "Lohengrin- 2 6' "5h?re»0,l»».diorus from Wagner, '! Meditation is., ""pental quartette, Bach's r l 'i ' I -. .""?-'I six ?.. , >_*_." 