THE STAGE. By "Adagio." THEATRE ROYAL. After an absence of over seven months in New Zealand and New South Wales, Mr. Alfred Dampier made his re-appearance on the boards of the Roval on Saturdav maht. as Hamlet. He was received with the warmest demonstra tions of welcome by a house well filled in every portion; and as he came forward again and again to make befitting acknowledgments he must have felt proud of the strong position his zealous efforts have enabled him to take up on the dramatic stage of this city. His present engagement is for four- and- twenty nights only, and he then departs for California and the other American States. It will be recollected that, shortly before he resigned the stage-management of the Theatre Royal to go upon his inter colonial tour as a star actor, he played Hamlet, and was generally praised for his rendering, not, perhaps, so much because of its actual merit, but simply that it shadowed forth promises of future greatness. Strong as is my personal regard for Mr. Dampier, I am constrained by my duty to say that the expectations formed regarding Ham let have not been justified by the present result of his studies. He presents the character - very unevenly. There are parts wherein he fairly compels applause, and others in which you regret that he should ever have attempted to play it. It is far too pronounced marked with over-emphatic utterances, and wild — not to say outrt — gestures and actions, which detract materially from the merit of his earlier imperso nations, while the new features observable are only noticeable from their extreme novelty. Those who admire Mr. Dampier may argue that his Hamlet is untraditionaL To this we say — if it were less so, it would be more acceptable. Ah abrupt departure from established usage can only be justified by the incontestable superiority manifested by the new over the old method, and if this be not shown — and we do not think it is — the wiser course shonld be adopted of letting well alone. I will mention briefly a few of the novel features to which I have alluded above. In the first encounter with the Ghost upon the battlements of the castle, the well- known line — " Oh my prophetic soul ! mine uncle !" is broken by Mr. Dampier into two distinct and widely- separatedi parts. The first four words are delivered with solemn slowness ; then a long pause, and finally, in a loud whisper only, the words " mine uncle " are hissed out. During this he kneels gracefully in front of the Ghost, his voice expressive of no astonishment, and finally he rises, and delivering the final sentence in the scene, M Nay ; come lefs go together," he departs with Horatio and MarcCllus into a church, which, absurdly enough, is erected on the battiements, and within which a cabinet organ is heard playing a requiem. In the soliloquy, " Oh, what a rogue and peasant slave am I? his delivery is stentorian, and reaches a climax with the words, " Am X a coward P Who calls me villain ?" which are yelled out. In the following lines, " And fall a cursing, like a very drab, A scullion!" he sobs bitterly, but why, is not at all clear. At the finish he takes a liberty with the text by altering it to — therein I'll catch the conscience of hjn ' king/' leading to the inference that there is another &ing; with whom he also has dealings. In the play-scene the speech levelled at the king, com mencing — " He poisons him i' the garden for Ms estates," is delivered with such frightful vehemence as to be almost incoherent, and the final — " So rnns the world away," ends with bursts of hysterical laughter, which create a most unpleasant effect. So, also, in the line to Guildenstefn— - "Make you a wholesome answer," a peal of "ha, ha, ha'sf' ring out without reason. There are numerous other innovations which I could specify, and to which many objections can be urged, but these quoted will suffice to show the erroneous views Mr. Dampier haw taken of the character. There are, on the other hand, many instances of splendid declamation and fine elocutionary display, but it will require much toning-down before he can present his Hamlet with credit in the large theatres of America, where such men as Kean, Booth, Brooke, Montgomery, Adams, and Forrest have preceded him. Mr. Dampier is about departing for new fields labour, and it would be a thousand pities that his illusions as to the exact degree of merit in Mb conception of Hamlet should be roughly dis pelled by strangers, in lieu of the gentler words of friends. I think he has an artistically- con stituted mind, and a rude awakening in a foreign land from bright visions of fame would probably tend to dishearten, if not utterly spoil, an un doubtedly able actor. To say that Mr. Dampier's Hamlet is an earnest one is true ; to speak of its extreme naturalness is to credit it with a quality wMch, far more than any other, it does not possess. To do Mr. Dampier justice, he is a diligent student of Shakspere, but, whether through excess of stndy or otherwise, he overshot the mark. Too much work wearies the brain and confuses the mind, and the image sought to be correctly shaped is presented in a thousand distorted shapes. This is Mr. Dam- pier's present condition, but he is, as before stated, an artist and an intelligent gentleman, and I shall be as glad to extol his good per formances as I regret to have to point out the drawbacks in the one now under notice. With reference to the remaining characters I note some alterations in the order of their nsnal distribution. To Mr. Appleton was apportioned the dual parts of the First Actor (in lieu of Mr. Deorwyn, thank goodness !) and Osric. He was, I thought, too solid in the first, but as the fop he was up to his usual standard of excellence. Mr. Taylor was allotted the part of Horatio; and, with Mr. '-Taylor's usual in telligence, he subdued himself to the proper de gree of qniet gentleness necessary in repre senting the man of whom Hamlet says, " I will wear "hi In my heart's core ; aj ! in my heart of hearts, As I do thee." Mr. Harwood's Ghost was what it has always been — one of the best and most meritorious of his many excellent performances. If Miss Docy Stewart tftfr not a poetic embodiment of Ophelia, she is a consistent and intelligent ex ponent of the poor mad girl. Given Miss .Stewart with less of robustness, and you would have an Ophelia over whom we perhaps wonld weep. As it is, we can only admire the ease with which Miss Stewart surmounts many of the obstacles that tend to prevent her Ophelia from being a beautiful representation. The Queen is always set for Mrs. Bryer, as is Polonius for Mr. Stewart O'Brien ; their renderings are familiar enough to warrant my saying that they were as good as -usual. Mr. Holloway's Laertes is fairly conversational and lighter than I expected to see this somewhat over-heavy actor presentit. Alto gether, I liked it well enough to warrant me in saying that it showed ability. If Mr. Greville played any character other than the Grave- digger, Yorick's skull wonld not rest content. If we laugh at his qnaintness, we do so with reason, and because be is honestly and really humourous. I think I should hardly be satisfied with any one else acting the part. If I could like Mr. Lawrence's King, I fain wonld ; but I cannot, aqd there's an end on't. Mr. Deorwyn is a capital Marcellns. He has nothing to say, and says it effectively. I like Mr. Deorwyn when he has nothing to say, but I did not like Mm as the First Actor. " Hamlet" was repeated on Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday nights, and on Thursday Mr. Dampier appeared as Narcisse, in the three-act emotional drama of that name which Mr. Band- man first made familiar to us. I shall notice this next week. 