FAMES AED GREENWOOD — v When Sir Henry Pa rices was rejected , from East Sydney it was the opinion of , many that an injustice had been done him. 1 It is now very justly suspected that the ? Orange votes were split between him and j Messrs. Greenwood and Davies ; and nothing is more certain than that Sir ' Henry Parkes would have been returned had it not been for the action of the Catholic voters. This policy was con demned even by many Catholics. His i undoubted abilities and great experience threw the dai-ker side of his character into the shade. Many felt that the biota on his career — the political use to which he turned O'Farrell s crime, his vision of a ghost, his faithlessness to his friends, his political timeserving —ought to be again condoned. ' The poor fellow,' they thought, 'has been punished enough : after all he has some redeeming qualities, perhaps his disgraceful plight will open his eyes, and he will repent and amend.' If any seriously thought this, wo wonder 'what they will say to the events of the last week. If there was one political principle lMther than another by which Sir Ilem'y Parkes's policy should have been guided, that principle was antagonism, to the pro gramme of the Secularists, On many public occasions he has ascribed to himself the honour of being ' the Father of the Education Act.' It is true that, never did a tora-tit dub himself with feathers more manifestly stolen. Every principle in the bill was conceived and elaborated by the old National Board. It is little more than a transcript of the rules of the Board. 'I he vested schools were christened Public schools, the non vested schools are changed into Denominational schools. Sir Henry Parkes merely drew up the two principles into one bill, and has quoted it ever since as the creation of his own genius. But although he is in no sense the framer of the Act, ho is in all honour bound by the principles of it. He has both in and out of L'.xr] ti..,(j,it itunounced his intention of standing by it, and if a man's conduct is to b j udged by his actions, there ought to have been no doubt of his sincerity. The Seen larists formed their League, and made Mr. Greenwood their mouthpiece. Sir Henry opposed them then, and the Catholics placed him at the head of ths poll in conse quence. Now nothing could be clearer than Sir Henry Parkes's position at this time. He attacked, nnd was in turn attacked by Mr. Greenwood. lie held a meeting at the theatre, and stigmatized the programme of the Secularists as ' cruel,' and he dwelt upon the gross injustice of its demands. Mr. Greenwood at once held another meeting and abused Sir Henry in most unmeasured terms. How after all this these two men have come together may puzzle the future historian, but nothing is more certain than that there is a clear under standing between them. At the wild beast show the other day the keepers of the lions and timers told us that however quiet and contented they might look, it was never safe to trust them. A long experience has forced Catholics to have very much the same opinion of Sir Henry Parkes. However fair might be his protestations, ic would be suicidal to trust him if he made the slightest suspicious move. That move he made at Ash field when in a speech his views appeared somewhat modified. Suspicions were at once aroused. But the elec tors could hardly believe that the man who had twice played them false, and had been as many times forgiven, could have the effrontery to dupe them again. Little did they know Sir Henry Parke?, or the ' fertility of his resources.' It was not long before these suspicions were justified. The Herald, which had hitherto opposed him because of his compromise with the anti-Secularists, and which was edited by his old enemy Mr. Greenwood, : suddenly veered round like a weather-cock. She called him li our only i statesman ;' he called her ' our leading journal.' Now everything i.~; explained. : All the time that Sir i.'eniy Parkes ; was holding his tongue and leaving | Catholics to believe that he would uphold i the present Act, he must have made a i compacc with Mr. Greenwood. It is in ; credible that he could have approached Mr. Greenwood without adopting his principle.*, and consenting to his policy. If any proof of this is required it is sup plied by the fact that when he was called upon to form a Ministry, the first man, after the mover of the resolution, to whom he rushed was Mr. (Greenwood. It is true that Mr. Greenwood rufuped to join him, buc that is no credit to Sir Henry Parkes Had Mr. Greenwood seen that Sir Henry could have formed a Government suffi ciently strong to attack the Denomina tionalists, he would have joined him. The conspirators must wait for a more favour able opportunity. Such a cai'eer of political dishonesty as this seeius astounding, but it is*, alas ! too true. After all, it amounts to no more than saying that however surrounding circumstances may change, and his pro fessions change with them, the man, Parkes, is always and everywhere the same. There is always traceable the same want of principle, the same faithlessness, the same absence of political honour. The man who last Friday unshipped principles of twenty years' duratiou to take in a pirate who would rob us of our children, and ovr children of their religion, is the same Henry Parkes whose imagina tion discovered tho Kiama ghost. It is impossible that Sir Henry can have joined Mr, Greenwood, and at the same time preserved his political honour. 