TALES & SKETCHES THE -MARKED HMD. .. ^"".Is'this tho last.stofcpago, guard F* T ;. V- Tho very last, miss, we shall have a long ' rim "of. two hours riow.hefore.we reachChen " Wotth-rho inorb disturbance of any. kindso just take my advice—make yourself comfort \able, and have a good nap. I wish you plea 'eant. dreams and the old guard nodded good ;-jhaturedly as ho locked mo in. ..I "was. glad to be alone at last. It hadbeon • > very. pleasant during. the early part of the '.■ journey to observe , the faces and manners of , my feUow-passongcts; but now thoy had all ^'.got outl;and t felt quite prepared to take the guard's good advice. ^.^It.was a comfortable first-class carriage, ' /with'the usual two divisions on each side, and :iigbted up ou this dark December afternoon by \ a .dindy. flickering oil- lamp. I took olE my hat, stretched my feet across to tbe opposite side, and, closing my eyes, began to tbink a little. .First of all my thoughts took a retrospective '.!view—"back to tho little parsonage on the green hillside,' to. tho patient hard-working father , with, tho incessant cough, which ended at last , jna quiet grave Under tho yow-treo, to the f,gentle, widow-mother who followed him after a . few months of hard struggling with poverty and a i . .sickness—next to stirring memories of happy ^ , .fechool- days, then to the monotonous life With . two .old aunts on tho wild Yorkshire moors, and ..'finally to Reggio's appearanco on tho sceno, ...whioh changed tho wholo course of my exist ence. ... ,,I.waa now on my way to spend Christinas •, .with Reginald's family.. Ifc was my first visit to them, and I felt nervous about it for two rca v.«bns—first> because I bad been so little accus ' tomedvto visiting,, and secondly, because I . ,-knovvit is always a trying thing for a girl to .go.among her new relatives for the first time. However, from all Reggie had told mo about . ..mine, and from their kind letters to me, I felt . ' convinced that there was really nothing to fear. /J'L, At about thia point inmy reflections, tho bor ,;'jderlMid-between waking and sleeping melted away,' and I found myself in a dream. The J place was a church, tbo subject a wedding, the ••'parties concerned were Reginald and myself. V.j Ihad ahaiyldea of light dresses and bright faces, and there was a feeling of great happi heart; but nothing was very dis junct till I heard the words, " Thoso whom God . ..hath-ioined together let no man put asunder," ... and.men—then I know that something had ...come between Reggie and me. It was a hand,. ». a woman's hand, particularly white, long, and \\. thin, with a bright red mark reaching from the , jjwrist to the knuckle of the middlo linger. .1 remember in my excitement striving in vain to :_push it away and to reaoh Reggie on the other " side. I remember glancing down at my bridal • dress ' and seeing it changed to onoof deep mourning; and then with a sharp cry of pain I J- 'awoke.* 1 ' 'I awoke—hut I did not experience that feel-, ing bf relief which generally follows on waking from an unpleasant dream. Something was iirstill/,weighing on me, I- eat. up and .looked tJ. about.. I knew Irom the'inky blackness out side and from the peculiar sound of the train that it.was now passing through a tunnel. The I V^flickcring-lightof the lamp fell full on the seat ^ iafcho*opposite comer of the carriage.,. In that .. Beat sat a figure—the figure of a woman dressed I' in dark clothes and .-very much muffled up.. She ; .^ore.a thick black veil over her face, and sho y. 'sat bolt upright, as still as if sho had,been;a /statue or a ghost. I looked further, aridper •' .ceivcd a small .travelling bag by , her side, that relieved me. Ghosts do not usually travel with luggago. Sho mufcfc bo ahuman being after all. But how had she got in? 'Had she crossed • over me without waking me? Why did she » . • oit in that peculiar position ? All theso ques tions puzzled mo, yet I saw no way of solving : them .just yet: I was afraid to speakj so l / could only sit still and wait, my eyes fixed with \- a soit of fascination on the strange figure oppo :• site tome.-' - . I glanced at- my watch; it wanted half an -hour to the time whan we should reach Chen ' ■ worth, •Sho must show hor ticket there, and I :. should at last soe her move. < The timo seemed very long tiU'tho train began to slacken its ' speed and I knew we wero drawing up to the ' ticket-platform. I got mine out that I might • . have leisuro to observe my fellow traveller.' ; Oiir carriage wasi near the end of tho train, arid. \- I was growing inoro impatient every minuto. 'In; time, howover, the' man appeared-at our 7 -; door, holding tho small lantorri usuuh on such \- occasions.'-T handed my ticket at- oncc: iriy . companion was some timo in producing hers, : and when sho did so, a corner of her cloak full . ^ back'and displayed her loft hand. i It wue uu .. gloved, peculiarly white, long and thin, with'a ' deep red inark rbachirig from tho wrist to'the' ...knuckle of tho middio. fingor-r-in short the hand of mydreum../, , , ... . . - • . I.'oujinot- describe what I felt then; a cold . uhilloccmed to,run through mo, and a feeling . of faintucss cropt over me, so that I was thank ful .indeed, when.the train reached tho station. , My fellow' traveller .'got outj audi heard tlic' . welcomo sound of Ueggio's voico. . . •. "AVhy, Noll, how cold you arc I You're frozen to death, child: you seem pretty well ' wrapped up.. • Had you a foot-wanner , • V " Yes--1 felt chilly only just now. But, • stay, lloggio. While you aro looking after my '■ juggag«i I want to speak a word to the guard. | Thero aro two trunks and a tin bonnet-box: ' • you will find them marked in full. I shall bo • back ip. a. minuto." I pushed through tlio crowd to whore I saw the - guard standing, and touched him on the shoulder. " Guard ?" ' He turned round sharply. " Did, tho train stop between Lodefordand ; Chen worth ?" ••<» ' ' I • " Oh,: yes; • Tho'ongino wanted'water, so wo I *• wero'obligod' to stoput a'littlo station rather] " more than half-way between;; You'inust'hiive i '.been very fast asleep not to notice it."--' ■'' • v I ' "Solwas.; Did any ono get in." j " Yes; strarigoly onougbVthore ^as prie pas-1 ecnger—a lady," ' " " . i ' '" Thank you—that;ia all I wanted toknow; Goodnight." • • . • As I threaded my way hack to Reggie and the luggage, 1 rapidly strung events together, and came to a conclusion; Tho lady, in getting in,' must have gently moved my feet in order to teach the other side of the carriage. This no doubt partially^' roused me. X probably half opened my eyes»caught sight of the hand that was touching me, and so mingled it with my dieainB. Muoh relievedby thiB reflection 1 was able to enjoy the drive home with Reggie J but I did not say anything of my adventure, v Cedeville Manor is a fine old family mansion C :lt looked stately and cold oh that darkwinter day,' standing amidst the snow-covered walks and bare, leafless trees; but I soon found tho, cold 8tntelines8'.waa all on. the'outside." ' Inside were warmth and .light, bright faces androorry voices'. '"My welcome was even more affectidnato than I haddarcd'to hope.. I ,.was passed from one to .another to he kissed'and caressed, till.Lady CedeviUe herself finally car ried mo off to my room and left mo' in peace to dress for dinner..'' When that .operation .was performed, I heard a light tap at the door, and,' on opening it* found the youngest" of inynow sisters-in-law, Louise., She Was As sweet, a girl as bright, eyes, flowing curls,'and awann heart could make her.' When we Went down stairs, I had leisure to' observe the.: rest of . the family. . !! There were Lady Cedeville, tall and dignified, hut with a' kind, motherly manner; Minette, her eldest daughter^ also' tall and dignified, on-, gaged to tho fair-haired young captain leaning over her chair \ Marian, the second, gentle and fragile, seldom off the couch, and Louise, already described, hot long emerged from the school. Of tho sons, X thought Sir Henry, the' eldest, rather stern in manner, but very polite, and particularly attentive to his mother. Frankj the second son, was away at sea; and Reggie, the youngest, .with curling, biown hair, and eyes to matcl^ sensible^about most things, hut infatuated on one point, need not! bo more minutely described. . . , I spent a very pleasant evening,;and that night enjoyed the dreamless, sleep * of ^ good health and a light heart. The next morning Louise came down to .breakfast with'a very doleful face and a pair of very red, swollen hands. ^... - . ' "I don't know how it is," she Arid, holding them up to yiew, ''that.my hands get'so much redder than any one else's. ,1 have tried gly cerine, chilblain ointment, and .all' the rest of it, hut without result—r'on the first frosty dnyjl am just as. bad as ever.'-' Can no.oho. suggest a cure?" < ^ - We;aU sympathized .with", her,, and "many suggestions were, mode, all of .which , Louise promised to tryinturh. * «' -v. «« By the way,'.'.odd captain Lewis—Minnie's intended—" what,, became of that governess of yours, Louise, that I met here last ?)' She had the whitest hiuidB I had over Seen—almost>'too inuti so, in fact.-'Where m she how?";.. ; ^ : I noticed a sudden silence fall over the party at this question; I noticed v Louise grow a shado paler; and everyone, looked .fidgety, till Lady Ccdevillo came to tho rcscno by sayr ing' •• ,. • She left us at .midsummer; Louise had. quite grown. out; of tho school-room .by. that time." xnen tne . conversation lurnca; upon ,otner topics—but Louise spoke ho more, and seemed to have suddenly lost' her. appetite.'- After breakfast -.sheoilered_.to^ show .mo oyer the house. . The last room ;we-came to was long, ,low, and pleasant looking withbook-cases all around it, and a bright fire,in the grate. Louise drew, mo in and. shut the door. r'. : Gome in, . Nellie," sho said; " this is my old school-room. -It ia called the librarynow, but I like the old name, aud I love .the.room better than any other in the house." < She placed an arm-chair by the fire for me; and-tbrow herself: on; the.rug.;at my, feet. From talking of the 6chool-room we went on to school days. I told her some stories of mine, and asked her how she had likcdhers... To my surprise and sorrow the only: answor: was ;a | sadden burst of tears; and then the story came i out at intervals and through tho sobs. 1 " Did you notice, Nellie, '-how queer we lill looked this morning when Arthur asked that question about my governess ?' i ; "Yes, I noticed, dear; but don't-'tell:me anything that distresses you/' • - ' "No, it won't distress me, Nellie. ; I should liko to tell'you, as you are" to bo my sister. Listen,, then. Hiss King was her name—my governess; but:sho:.wns'notlikoa governess, : Nellie—she was more a 'dear, friend, an elder I sister; I cannot: tell you how fond I; was of her! Very few people in the "world camo before ' her "in my affections; she understood mo so j thoroughly, and was so gentle and patient with all my faults? She had had a great deal of trouble in: her life! and that mado her depressoi in spirits,' and quite strange in bcr mannor at times. We thought nothing of it at first, but of late years it increased so much thut mumma consulted the doctor; and then, "-.Nellie, the ; truth canio out—she was going out"of her mind'Wo did all wo could;' sho wds'seiit away for'a long holiday, surrounded by every thing brightVnd pleasant, and came back fighin apparently quite restored. But about tho time of .Reggie's engagement she broke out again far worse than over";. and," added Louise, sud denly kneeling and taking' hold of my hand, " her madness took n curious form; Nellio—it was love for Reggie." . ! I felt a queer shiver run through me at this point, but I mado Louise go oh and tell mo all. •' Well, it was the duyReggio wroto to tell us about you. • Mamma read tho letter out * at the breakfast table. Wo were, of course, in groat excitement when, in the midst of our talking and laughing, I saw Miss King suddenly turn as whito as death, and leave the room. I fol lowed hor up stairs; she locked herself into her room, aud I could hear her pacing up and down and saying in a voico that m'akes.iuo shudder ovmi now, 'Ho 'shall never marry—never, hover; never,while I live!' 'There she remained _ho whole day, refusing to open the' door or to rake any-food.'-- Toward^ ovoning the 'sound ons :d—wo forced open the door, and found lier lying in a dead swoon on the floor.' ••From that hour she was raying mad. • They took her away soon after,- and she is now confined ina lunatic asylum not far from this—no hope is given of her recovery—and, oh, Nellie, how I loved her!"• ' The sobs came thick and fast now, and I lot' the poor ohild cry, not liking- her the less for the warm, faithful heart which prompted such tears* ' After that the days sped by swiftly and pleasantly. 1 never vraa t>o happy iu my life. To seo" Reggie; to he-with him all day and every day was enough in itself to account for it; but besides this, nothing could excel the kindness of the whole family, especially Louise, who became almost more than a sister to me. Christmas Eve drew on, and a large party of friends and relatives were invited for the occa sion. • In the course of tho evening the conver sation turned on ghostB. All were expressing their opinions, some utterly scouting the idea of their existence, others'declaring, with a little shudder, that " they " really half believed in them." I did not join in the conversation, though I noticed Reggio looking half expect antly in my direction. At last ho quietly left his seat and took one next to me, and, when the Conversation was at its loudest he said, in ah undertone! - • • ; • "Nellie, do'you believe in ghosts?" • " Why do you ask, Reggie ? " .. "Because," he'said, "there is'a legend in the Ccdeville family that, if anything extraor dinary is to happen to' any' member or it in the course of a year, a ghost appears on Christmas Eve. . ^The place of its appearahcois an old gallery hung with ancestral portraits at. the top of tho house. Now I do not in the smallest degree believe in the legend, but still I have; a faucy-7-i strange fancy, to pay a visit to my, ancestors every Christmas Eve. . No one in the house , knows of this habit—they would 'only mock at it if they did; hitherto I havo always gone alone. .This evening I want you to come with me—will you,Nellie : . "I'will go," I answered, looking into his brown'eyes. J ' An hour or two later I found myself follow ing Beggie. up curious winding stairs to an out-of-the-way back part of the house where I had never been before. Presently we reached a long, high, narrow room, smelling stthngly of dust and mouldiness. ' ! Here we are," said my guide, holding the candle high, so that .I might have a good view. "No ghost yet. Allow me to introduce yqu to .myancestors." . v: \- And . he began explaining the curious old portraits of all ages, and in all varieties of costume.- 11'.' ,;.4.1 ' 1' Suddenly, as 1 was gazing, at one old lady with a • tower-like head-gear and a waist in close proximity to her anns, I felt my wrist grasped by Beggio. I turned quickly; he held the candle on a level with bis face.' and l could see it. was ghastly. pale, while bis eyes were fixed with an expression of wild fear on some object at the other end of the gallery. At the same moment a cold bloat from the open door sweeping in blew out the light, and we were left in . total darkness—only for an instant, though. As our eyes became accustomed to it we could distinguish a faint bluish light at the far end of the room, and in - the very-midBt of the light was the tall/wbito figure of a woman standing motionless as a statue, -her left hand stretched out, and tho first finger pointed toward Beggie. For a moment I thought I must have fallen to the ground as my eyes fell on. that form. I knew it so well—long, thin, and very white, with a deep red mark right across it^-again, most unmistakeably, the hand of my dream! For about three minutess - she stood so, and then, as it seemed,. noiselessly disappeared. After she had gone we remained as if rooted to the spot, till the firm conviction that was tugging at my.heart broke forth in passionate words: ?. " Reggie, that is no ghost, no spirit! It is a woman—a living woman 1_1 have seen her be fore—I know I have In my excitement I would havo pressed for ward in spite of the total darkness, to the spot where; she had stood, but; Reggie held me hack. >' • • " It would be useless now, Nellie," he said— and. his voico .sounded. hoarse and . broken. " Nothing con he done in this darkness. "Wait till daylight, and the place can be examined." " What!—and havo - us all robbed and mur dered in our beds ? -Let me go, Reggie—let mo go 1" > But he would.not let mo go; he held me tightly with his arms around mo, and > he laughed a littlo as he whispered: ... •'•'"■"If any one is murdered, it will be me, for the finger pointed toward me; but I have no fear. Nellio, you are'tromblingliko an aspen leaf, and you are as cold us an icicle; for my sake, darling, come away—for my sake!" That plea was not to bo resisted. ■' I suffered him to lendmo quietly out of tbo room, down tho dark, winding stairs, into the light and warmth of tho other part , of the house. - Not till the next morning did wo tell of our ad venture, and then it was received with a pro voking amount of incredulity. However, after breakfast, wo succeeded in forming a party for tho examination of the premises. • " Shall wo go armed ?" asked Captain Lewis, producing a formidable-looking revolver. - . . "By all means!" laughed Reggie, • who seemed to have quite got over his first fear, and'to bo convinced that some one was playing lisa trick. " ; *'' ' But no such thought consoled mo, as I fol lowed the rest of tho party up to tho north gal lery. Arrived there, we pointed out the spot whero the figure had appeared. Captain Lewis examined it carefully; ho pushed away some of tho'pictures from one side of the room, but nothing could be soon but an old, damp-looking wall. Still undaunted, ho examined the other side, when presently aloud exclamation startled us .all.' He had lifted up one of tho heavy por traits hanging at tho end of tho room, ana on touching what seemed a tiny black speck in the wall, ja; little door flew open, and revealed a small closetbehind. This, again, communicated with a long passage, ending in narrow, steep stairs, which were found to lead right down to another secret door opening into the hack hall. One and all wo crept through the passage, scarcely wide enough to admit one at a time, and so low that we were obliged to bend almost double. * , :• \- .When we were all assembled in the "back hall we could do little but look at each other in blank amazement, till Sir Henry came to the rescue by explaining that many old houses were built with these secret passages; he had heard that this house was quite a famous hiding-place in Jacobite times, but be had never known of this particular passage before. Still this did not explain the mystery of the preceding evening, nor did it at' all relieve my mind. Inquiries were instituted, but without success—no clue could .be found to the perpetrator of the "trick," as everybody would persist in calling it. The affair became a nine-days' wonder, and then died out altogether. Not so with me, however—all real enjoyment of my visit was over. I dared not communicate, to any one the terrible anxiety knawing at my hearty Night after night I lay awake reason ing with myself, but the awful'presentiment of evil seemed to bo banging over me, and I could not get rid of it. People began to notice my pale look and nervous manner. Peggie grew quite unhappy about it—and this he told me one day when we were walking out together. It was our favourite - walk round by the cliff. The sea looked grand on that day, with the dark, melancholy grandeur of a winter sea. There' was-- something almost ominous in the sound of the waves upon the beach, and the wailiog of the wind among the trees. - ' " Tell me all about it, Nellie," said Peginald. " Xou nre ill, I know you are. ' Tou are un happy—miserable; to see you so makes me wretched; Whom should you tell, if not me f Why wbn't you confide in me ?" Then my resolution was taken, and I deter mined totell him all. "Let us, sit down, • Peggie," I answered. "We are well wrapped up—the wind will'not hurths." • - • • • ' So we sat down on -a worn rock, with tha grey sky above us, and the sea sobbing at our feet, and T told him all-of my dream, ;my strange fellow traveller, and the unmistabeable identity of the hands; He listened 'patiently tUl I had finished, and then he put his strong brave arms around ine, and drew me very close "to him. '1" Nellie, my treasure,"; he whispered, " you need hot fear dreams, presentiments, or any- , thing else. ^ With heaven's will nothing shall separate ns—nothing—nothing but death." Even as the words passed his lips a wild shriek rent the air. We started up and looked eagerly around; While we were talking the tide had been so rapidly rolling in that it had almost reached the rock where we were sitting. Many were already nearly covered. On one of these latter stood the solitary figure of a woman, frantically gesticulating and calling loudly for help. She was iu imminent danger. In a few minutes more she must inevitably, be swept away. Quicker than thought Peggie ~had taken in all this—quicker than thought ho had thrown off his coat and was even now wading toward her. In the wild selfishness of the moment, I would have recalled him, but he heeded not my imploring gestures; a human life was in peril, and he might be the means of saving it. On and on, nearer and nearer he progressed, till, just as ho reached her, a huge billow rolling in enveloped them both; then, as it passed on, I watched for some seconds,'which seemed like hours, the rising and falling, the struggle between life and death. If Reggie Had been alone, he could easily Have battled against the waves, but the clutch of the drowning woman, and his efforts to keep her head above water, weighed him down ana clogged his progress so that I felt both must be lost. Just at this awful moment, two coast-guardsmen, attracted by my cries, ap peared on the scene, and in another; instant four figures were in the water instead of two. Then a mistiness crept over my eyes, - and though I still stood rooted there, < I knew "nothing of what happened till I felt some one pull my sleeve. It was one of the . coast guardsmen, dripping from head to foot, and looking - very much exhausted. He did .not speak, but only pointed to two objects lying on the dry sand a little way off. ' " It is Lady Cedeville's son,'' said the other man, coming up—" Sir. Reginald; who will prepare the poor mother?" , ; ; The sight and speech seemed to return to, mo suddenly. ."I will," I cried,'not heeding the pitying looks of the men, not heeding anything but the madness that seemed , coursing through my veins liko fire, as I rushed on, till I reached the gate of Cedeville Manor; . ; ' Lady Cedeville was walking up and down the avenue. ' I ran up to her and clutched hold of her hand. - •-...-•i Mother," I cried, using the first word that' came from my agonised heart, " your son— Reggie—." : v,., « ■ I saw her turn as white as death; I saw her fix her eyes on me, andaskithe question-her lips refused to utter—I felt my head reeling—I felt my sense going; but I had no pity for the bereaved mother then,' no pityrfor anyone but myself, as I shrieked out: . "He is dead—dead—dead!" •. It seemed to mo that the trees, the earth, the sky, the whole air took up and re-echoed the cry, and with it still whirring and dinning in my ears I fell down on the cold,, damp grass, and was for the time lost to all outwara things. : They told me I wont from one fainting fit into another, and it was not till two days later that I came to my proper senses againthen I found myself in my little room, Louise: sitting on a chair by the bedside; she too,, looked dreadfully ill, poor child!. She was • leaning baok in her choir, and could see the tears roll ing down from her -closed eyelids ; bnt as.soon, as I touched her she started up and brushed themaway. "Lonio!" • -• a ■: "Nellie,my.sister!" . .:w.: -v; "Yes, we shall bo sisters, Lemio—sistera \- still." She bent'over me with a wealth of pity I and love in her dark eves. "It will not Ira | \- long:, Louie, I think," I said, lifting xny head , wearily—"not long; you know I cannot live without him. I cannot—I cannot!" "Don't speak so, Nellie—heaven is very mer ciful." "Heaven is very merciful, therefore I shall be taken away. I shall not Ira left all alone in • this cold world—I could not hear it, littlo sister. ■ Having tasted the sweetness of lore, I could not live without it now." "Ton shall not, Nellie. Heaven has many ways of showing mercy." And so saying, Louiso gently drew back the • curtain and stepped aside. TTfld the dead come back to life ? Almost, X think, for my own Reggie stood before me. . That afternoon I rose and dressed. The excitement of great sorrow, succeeded by the excitement of great joy, left me weak and faint. One thing puzzled me—Louise still .looked downcast and unhappy without apparent cause. She came into the room just as X was dressed, and a "sudden thought struok me. " Louise," I saidi" tell me what became of the woman Reggie tried to save. Is she alive, : too .r' I saw she tried to erade on answer, but ■ : I would not he put off—"Tell me,- Louise—I \-- would rather hear the wcrst at once." • ' " She is here, Nellie." "In this house?" "•"Yes—all that remains of her." "Will yon let me see her ?" • "Better not, Nellie." ; . ■'" Nay, little sister, bufcl wish it" \- • * Without another word she led: the way into an adjoining room where lay the dead body. ;: I looked down on the calm, white face, with ; the black hair brushed softly back, and then I -looked farther—to.the hands crossed on the 'still breast—and my heart seemed for an instant to cease beating. The left hand lay uppermost Scarcely whiter in death than in life, with the deep red mark reaching from the wrist to the . middle finger; once more, andfor the last time, I saw the hand of my dream. "When Ilooked np, Louise was standing opposite me gazing ; \- wistfully at the dead form. i " Ah, Nellie," she said, as cur eyes met, " 11 may well be sad 1 It is my lato governess and dear friend, Hiss King." So the mystery was solved. 3Iy fellow traveller, the apparition in the north gallery, .. and the woman lying dead before us now, were one and the same. She had escaped from the lunatic asylum, had travelled down to Chen . worth, ana, knowing all the inns and outs of , . Cedeville IManor, had appeared in the north gallery on Christmas Eve, apparently to warn <Reggie. What she intended in her madness to do, or whether she had any settled plan to frustrate his marriage, will on this earth nerer be known, but her words came true—Reggie ; did not marry in her life rime. They buried her in the little village churchyard, ana erected a plain white stone to her memory. Reggie and I often walk therein the still summer even . ings. We talk of the poor young creature . whose life was so sadly blotted out, and of heaven's great mercy to us. 