JOTTINGS. I HAVE lately been thinking the political conundrum over, and I have been compelled to " give it up." It is the best conundrum that has ever been offered for solution, except for one thing-and that is that it has no point in it. That is to say, no one gifted with ordinary powers of under- standing can see exactly what the point is, although, I clare say, if one were a politician, and subject to certain ''lucid intervals," he might persuade himself that the whole case rested in a nutshell. So it would-from his point of view. And why ? Because, if he belongs to the Ministerial party, he can see that they are right ; and, if he belongs to the Opposition, he is equally certain that they cannot by any possibility be wrong. That is one of the most beautiful effects brought about by the graad institution of Responsible Government. It wonderfully simplifies everything. You have only to be associated with a party, and "the whole duty of man," in his political capacity, is as plain as-as -your next door neighbour's daughters are, if you can only bring yourself to accept, without question, your wife's dictum on the subject (which you don't, if it's all the same to her) ! As I was about to say, in order to get perfectly straight and clear in your own mind about what you should do, and what you should leave undone, when any political puzzle arises-as, for example, in the late case of the want of con- fidence motion moved by Parkes, and carried by the Park siana party - all you have to do is to belong to one side or the other, to stick by it, vote with it, and, if need be, swear by it. Point out that your side has done all the good for the country that has been accomplished- that it has originated, amended, passed, or assisted in passiüg, all the useful measures [N.B. This is not meant for a joke] that have been added to our statute book since the present Parliament was elected. Prove it by reference to the records of the House, if you hear the " other side " give vent to howls of derisive laughter and " c'ooeys " of denial and discredit when you make the modest assertion. Do ! not be intimidated by this paltry manoeuvring, this unworthy subterfuge, but stick to what you say, like a pitch plaister to a pine plank, and support yourself in your patriotic deliverance of the truth, and the whole truth, by calling to mind what Hamlet says to the gentle Ophelia,"Be thou pure as ice and chaste as snow, thou shalt not escape calumny." And is it to be expected that you, a politician, a painted warrior on the legislative war-path, with your scalping knife ready to be buried in your enemy's buzzum, and with your tomahawk ready to cleave his cobra-" ba'al gammon this time !"-is it to be expected that you, standing on the pedestal of public right, and branding with withering scorn and indelible contumely the ignoble herd of perpe- trators of public wrong, will escape calumny also ? Not a bit of it. You know perfectly well that they will torture, or pervert, everything you say, and try to blast your repu- tation-to dismiss you without a character, and send you into the country to get employment. Never mind about that ; it is a necessary evil, like newspapers and women. Eut come to an unalterable resolve to have a. good square talk-hit out all round-wing as many of the birds as you cannot fetch down altogether, and when you have poured out all your wrath and abuse on your opponents, yoii can serenely finish your wordy fusilade with the blessed consciousness of having done your duty to yourself, to your country, and, above all, to your party ! And, now that I' think of it, it strikes me that this is exactly what both sides of the House have lately been doing. I have read the debates over- oh ! what profitable reading, suitable for all classes of readers, from the guileless schoolboy to the hoary headed sinner-and all I can make out of it is just this, "That Pompey and Cresar are very much alike, especially Pompey !;" Both Parkes and Robertson and their followers are both as bad as one another, if not worse. I entered upon the consideration of this subject with a clear head and an impartial mind.. I waded through columns and columns of the Parliamentary light reading in the Herald, with more than Job-like patience, and when I left off I felt light-headed myself. I wanted to understand the whole thing, and I succeeded in understanding nothing. When I commenced to read, I believed, like poor Richard, that 4' any fellah could understand that. " When I had concluded, I was certain that any "fellah" who could understand it would be worth exhibiting round the country as a mental monstrosity and physical phenomenon, and would make the fortune of Barnum, or any other showman. I would'nt mind giving him a couple of millions sterling myself for a " short season ;" but, leaving this speculative offer on one side, I must here write down the sum and substance of my conclusions, and it is this : That if you wish to master the subtleties of politics, to realise the mystic game of "in" or "out,'' to do your duty to your country and yourself, you must belong to one party or the other, and vote for that party through thick and through thin, with your mouth open, and your eyes, ears, and understanding shut ! Then you will incontestably establish a claim to be enshrined in that list of patriots and martyrs-the catalogue is still " in the hands of the printer," I may here interpolate explana- torily-who have given up everything for their country's good, except their residence in it. Is it to be ever thus, or is there to be a change in the thusness ? I ask this question in no spirit of badinage or burlesque, but seriously and solemnly, as one who wishes to see an improvement in the conduct of politics in this country. The whole thing wants alteration and improve- ment, but the plan and (I may add for the sake of formality) specifications cannot apparently be agreed upon. All classes and parties, political and non-political, are agreed upon the premises of this proposition, but by some fatality they come into collision when the matter comes to be worked out ; or, to speak by the card (for it has not been worked out yet) when an attempt is made to elucidate the problem that puzzleth so sorely all who give their mind to it, ending in mortification and vexation of spirit. We have heard over and over again that the Government and the Opposition had lately been so evenly balanced that it was impossible to proceed with legislation : granted. That such was the case " is most true," and that precisely the same impedi- ment will present itself in the near future is as certain as day and night, without in any sense being " wondrous strange," like Hamlet's ghost. To use a homely illustration (I am partial to homely illustrations, because you are not compelled to turn to the list of Latin phrases and proverbs at the end of the dictionary to see what they mean), it must be apparent that there has been " a great deal of fuss over nothing " in the Assembly of late about votes of censure, i supplies, and things in general, but in particular over the evenness of parties, and the consequent liability to a " dead-lock." Now, anybody who thinks at all over these little contretemps and difficulties must see that there is a screw loose somewhere, and it is in order that the aforesaid loose screw shall be tightened before it causes any more trouble that I venture, once for all, to lay before the intelli- gent reader of these pages a plan which, if it should be adopted by our law-makers or law-breakers (whichever you like, for it is a distinction without a difference as applied to the present set of gay revellers in Macquarie-street) would have the undoubted effect of so levelling down all obstruc- tions and obstructionists that the car of legislative progress could be driven along its path at a rate of speed which would simply astonish the natives of these parts, accus- tomed as they are to the snail's pace which has hitherto characterised legislative locomotion. It is so simple, too, that I am constrained to place on record my unbounded amazement that it has not been thought of before ; or, having been thought of, that no one has been sufficiently penetrated with the sacred fire of patriotism to illumine the darkness of our senatorial chamber by publishing it for the benefit of the present generation of politicians, and for the future guidance of all the generations that posterity means to bring forth to strut upon the fretful stage of life their brief hour ere the advent of the millennium wipes out the human account and race " totally in toto." Without further preface, for, as Polonius says " Brevity is the soul of wit, and tediousness the limbs and outward covering," I may state that I only see one way of completely, effectively, and permanently getting over the difficulties engendered by a numerical equality of parties in the House, and that is this : Abolish the Opposition ! It's no use trying any other plan, for any other method is bound to fail sooner or later from its own inherent rottenness. " A working majority " may temporarily tide over the difficulty, bub at beat this remedy can only be of transient duration, for some disturb- ance of the placid waters will soon take place by which those who so comfortably floated along will be " ducked," and then the ship of state will swing round again to its old position, and things will be as they were. But if my plan is adopted the whole machinery of Government must go on working harmoniously in all its parts, as there can then be nothing to throw it out of gear. Yes, the idea is a capital one-if it can only be carried out. It should not be made little of or slighted because of its novelty, for it contains the germs of a mighty truth. If there were no Opposition there would be no obstruction. Measures could be intro- duced and passed expeditiously, methodically, and safely. There would be nothing to quarrel about, for there would be no one to quarrel with. Motions for adjournment, under which those mild and sportive senators, Buchanan and McElhone, become so lively and talkative, would be things of the past-mere relics of the barbarous times from which we had so happily emerged, purified and reformed. Supplies would be voted, and Civil servants-strangely so called, for most of them don't know what civility is, or if they do they exercise immense discretion in hiding it- would get their screw on the first of the month, and not be worried by the importunities of too-exacting creditors, who have the disgusting impudence to expect something in exchange for their goods ! And, far surpassing all these advan- tages in grandeur and sublimity, we should have no more talking against time, no more rivers and seas and oceans of words ; but instead, members would devote themselves to business, and keep decent hours, and not visit the re- freshment room so often, and, in short, become morally and mentally regenerated and .physically benefited. It has been said that a good Opposition is. necessary to the efficient government of a country, but I beg pérmission to state that | I doubt it, and for two sufficient reasons. First, because there never wa3 and never will be a "good" Opposition (vide the opinions of every Ministry that has ever been in office), and, secondly, even the very best of Oppositions must possess certain defects and weaknesses, while with no Opposition this condition of things could not possibly have any existence at all. Let anyone with a spark of humanity and feeling in him just reflect upon the bitter and hard struggle that sturdy John Robertson had lately to go through to keep the reins of power in his hands, and say if he would not have been a far happier man if there were no Opposition. That, I take it, settles the question, and the argument is equally applicable now that Mr. Parkes is skipper of the Government punt-it's too slow and too hard to steer to call it anything else. " Let it go forth to the country." These are the words in which members on one side of the House are wont to express themselves when they desire to utter a scathing condemnation of the course of action pursued by those on the other side. " Let it go forth to the country " that the Government has systematically declined to do this, or that the Opposition has persistently refused to do that ! One who did not know any better would imagine, from the fre- quent use of this phrase latterly, that the country has been anxiously watching the unique proceedings of hon. gentle- men, and that it was to be a sort of avenging Nemesis ready to mete out to political wrongdoers, or manouvrers, or humbugs, such condign and swift punishment as would prove a warning for all time to come. 1 am glad to think that there really is something that hon. members of the House hold in some kind of esteem, something that inspires them with a certain amount of awe, or an approach to fear ; but if I had been left to my own unaided resources to dis- cover the hobgoblin that our politicians do regard with fore- boding and dread, I should never have for one moment guessed that it was " the country." Still there is now no room to doubt the circumstance any longer ; for it is quite evident that members, notwithstanding their occasional outbreaks of violent abuse, vituperation, and barbarism, are not such utter Vandals as to be entirely beyond the bounds of civilizing influences, or ordinary human senti- ments and feelings. This will, I know, be news indeed to many people who have received a different impression on the matter, and rigidly adhere to their conviction. I confess I have been considerable of a sceptic myself as to whether it was possible for a man to be a member of Parliament for two or three sessions without undergoing such a trans- formation, mentally and morally, as to lose all his previous individuality and distinguishing traits of character, espe- cially in the matter of any little virtues he might previously have been so fortunate as to possess. I was under the impression that it was indispensable for a politician to ' ' shuffle off the coil " of his ordinary being, to crush out all his fine feelings and sensibilties, and after having gone through the necessary incubatory process, to come out of his shell a full-fledged and bright-plumed chanticleer Minis- terialist or Oppositionist, ready to outcrow the other side of the House on all and every occasion, right or wrong, day or | night. Well, I am prepared to admit that a man in Aus- tralia may learn many things that were never dreamt of in his philosophy or simplicity, and certaioly this is one of the strangest of them all. To be told, after all we have seen, that members of Parliament have really some regard for the country, and that either side of the House is prepared to send the other to that tribunal to answer for its sins of omission and commission, is a thing so rich as to surpass for extravagance and incredibility "Munchausen's best." After this I am content to believe anything-to do anything-to leave the colony, and emigrate to Parramatta in two ships. Still there is one point that I am certain hon. members of the Assembly, with all their tender regard and warm affec- tion for the colony, have not thought over sufficiently when denouncing and relegating each other to " the country," and that is just this : That the country does not, after all, hold them in such deep veneration or high esteem as to trouble itself in the least about their sayings or doings. I know it is unkind to say this to gentlemen who think that the eyes i of the whole country are on them, that every syllable they j utter is carefully weighed, and that the words of wisdom they so lavishly pour out are gathered up and treasured as priceless gems in the minds and hearts of the mighty and many-headed public. -* It strikes me that the public has so much to do in looking after its own bread-and-butter that it cannot find time to read the lengthy debates that take place in the Assembly, and that if said public did read them over once or twice, by way of experiment and just to see what they contain, it would find the reading so unprofitable and perplexing as not to be tempted to follow up the experi ment for untold millions of gold. Some of these gentlemen who delude themselves with the pleasing belief that the country is infatuated with their eloquent and statesmanlike orations, with their scorching satire and fiery invective, would be shocked to think that their most transcendant efforts in the elocutionary line fall flat, and without pro- ducing the slightest flutter of excitement or admiration in the sluggish, perhaps callous, minds of their constituents. 1 have heard the most brilliant speeches of our greatest oratorical gladiators summed up in, and dismissed with, the contemptuous observation that it was only "a pitch." And if hon. members could only realize this truth-if they could only believe that the country doesn't trouble its head, or heads, in the least about them, Avhat an immense amount of talking and speech-preparing, and doing the virtuously indignant business, it would save them. But much do I fear that most of them are, like the frog in the fable, so puffed up with their own importance and their own unques- tionable abilities that they will never see the matter in its true light. The country, so far from looking upon them as paragons of perfection, takes the same viewasSairey Gamp, and " pities and despises them !" I don't know what Mr. Parkes means ; neither does any- body else, as a general thing. That is the beauty of being profound, or at least of enjoying a reputation for profundity, which, for all practical purposes, is just as convenient. This profundity, real or imaginary, invests the smallest action with the greatest significance, and makes what would be unmitigated buffoonery in McElhooe or Buchanan be regarded as polished satire and sparkling wit in Parkes. Such, dear boys, is life in a new country. And, by-the way, I may here interject a remark that, notwithstanding the well-established date of Captain Cook's discovery of Botany Bay, there is considerable doubt expressed in some quarters as to whether this is a new country. Geologists, that poke-their-nose-in-everybody- else's-business class of creatures, who won't let any fellow enjoy his own opinion comfortably and quietly, insist that Australia is a deucedly old country, somewhere about the same age as China, which has days and dates four or five thousand years older than ours, which is pretty considerable in the way of cheek for a " heathen Chinee," who, with all his boasted civilization, can't wash himself white, even if he knows the use of soap^ .and water, which I beg leave to doubt. Well, these geologists contend that it must have taken Australia several thousands of years to grow up out of the sea to its present height, which, considering that mountains are of very slow growth, and that it must take a long time to make a Zig-Zag and the Blue Mountains out of nothing, is about the correct tip after all. But, as even that most privileged of all persons in the relation of strange and stiff yarns, the "oldest inhabitant," could not possibly tell of his own know- ledge when this country first commenced to "formate," or when its formation was completed, it is just as well to believe what the geologists say about it as to go on a journey in search of proofs to the contrary. Therefore, having settled this point, I will now go back to Mr. Parkes, with whom I commenced this " par." Mr. Parkes is a player of many parts, sometimes serious, and sometimes, but not often, comic. I don't know whether he is working for the editorship of Pundi, or whether he wants to be con- sidered both the heavy tragedian and the light comedy man of the House, but he does break out in funny places now and then. We all remember his famous Ashfield deliver- ance, when, being in the comic vein, he tried to prove the truth of the Darwinian theory by delineating the characters of certain members of the House who sat on the side opposite to him. That effort, though both novel and spirited, was not quite a success, the recoil being rather severe. Nothing daunted by the result of the first attempt, however, he made a second attempt in somewhat the same direction in the House a few nights back, when he described the physical, physiognomical, or phrenological peculiarities (I hardly know which) of certain members of the late Robertson Ministry in these playful terms :-"Well, we should really be justified in canvassing the individual merits of the extraordinary gentlemen who occupied the Government benches. These six gentlemen were so superior to all the rest of us. In them was the quintessence of all Parlia- mentary wisdom, of all discernment, of all patriotism, of all constructive legislation. Without them-if the country lost their services-it would be impossible to form another Government. Let us see who they were. He would take the biggest first. (Laughter.) [A voice : " The piccaninny. "J If the Minister for Mines' services were lost to them now, no doubt the country would go into mourning for a time ; but if he retired from office for ever, would it not be possible to find another man, who, though not quite so big, would fill his situation quite as well ? Was it not notorious that he had lent no visible assistance to this Government from the first-(hear, hear)-that he had treated this House with a disrespect which the ablest man who had sat on the Minis- terial bench never ventured upon - of absenting himself continually from his place ? Was it not a fact that the only measure he promised to Parliament had been dangling before their eyes during the whole tenure of Parliament, and that it had now come before us in the shape so happily described by the hon. member for the Northern Gold-fields ? Suppose we went on and took the newest member, the hon. gentle- man-[Mr. Forster : That is the thick and thin of it] whose opinion was that this Parliament was made to go on with the business of the country, and to let Ministers alone ; for the hon. member had said, in effect, that the country was anxious for legislation, and had asked would it not be better for members not to make any awkward motions, but to listen to the Government, to shut their eyes and open their mouths, and see what honest Jack would send them. (Hear, hear, and laughter.) Well, the hon. gentleman did not always hold those views. The hon. member, Bince he came there, had tried his hand all round the House. He did him (Mr. Parkes) the honour of extending his support to him for more than two years ; and he did several things which he (Mr. Parkes) might say he regretted. The hon. member had alluded to him with fulsome adulation. (Mr. Baker : Never.) The hon. member had spoken of him as a man in the foremost rank in the country, and used other expressions of the sort. The hon. member kept his seat as a supporter ( of the late Administration, until they had the temerity to fill a Ministerial office and not think of him. He then went over to the Opposition, and, in the very speech he made in doing so, he appealed to the House in these very terms : " Mr. Speaker, we have supported this Government for two years, and what have we got by it ?" (Laughter.) The hon. member turned round short, faced about, and went over to the enemy at once ; and, by patience, by time, by filling a gap whenever it was required, he had now got his reward. He (Mr. Parkes) was very sorry that the hon. gentleman {Continued on page 6.; I (Continued from page 3.) \ had got into so much troubled water so soon, but that was not the fault of the Ooposition ; it was in preparation long before he took his office. (Laughter.) But, coming to the hon; member himself, could anyone believe that the hon. gentleman was so admirably cut out for a Cabinet Minister that there was not one man among the ranks of the Oppo- sition that could supply his place ! Well, as suggested to him, he had now taken the thick and thin of the Ministry. If he went between, what was there, even if he took the astute and loudly-lauded gentleman, the Treasurer, that could not be supplied. He admitted that they could not supply the place of the hon. gentleman at the head of the Ministerial bench. There was no mau in this country-he did not believe a man was ever created, who was so thoroughly a master of one kind of political art which the hon. member had introduced into the working of responsible Government. But still, that kind of tactics was really very questionable ; and it might fairly be admitted that if we lost the hon. gentleman's services for a time-it would only be for a short time-the country would not suffer very much. But the long and the short of it was this : Were we to be told in a paper of this kind, which professed, in studied language, to criticise the composition of Parliament, that there were not six men sitting on the Opposition benches who, taking them all in all, were equal to the present Ministers in the capacity to govern ? If that were the case, a stronger condemnation could not be passed on the choice of the electors, a stronger verdict of failure could not be passed on our institutions." 