&ilt; (Wallaroo aitnws. WALLAJiOO; WEDNESDAY, JUNE, 27, 1877, We can congratulate the miners who have unfortunately been recently thrown out of employ at the Wallaroo Mines, owing to the depressed state of the copper market, on the Steps they hare taken tn urge upon the Government the necessity of providing them with employ ment ; and also on the moderate and rational manner in which they have effected this. The attitude they have assumed is one which must enforce .atten tion to their requirements. It was a very pertinent remark of the Chairman that it^vould be preferable that the Go vernment should act in lieu of making promises. He has hit upon a very great failing of the present Ministry. They are very ready with promises, but do not evince an equal desire to fulfil them. In the' matter under consideration, the desirability of proceeding without loss of time with the construction of the Barunga Bail way, in view of existing circumstances, they have not departed from the practice. The Government made a f=emi boast of having forestalled, the desires of the People of this district, they promised that the work should be pro ceeded with without loss of time, and, if we are correctly informed, the Hon. the Commissioner of Public Works stated that, although it was undesirable to affect the interests of contractors,having regard to the exigency of the case, the Govern ment would throw this work open in each A form that it would be competent for the miners to take it up. The intention is no doubt good, and probably sincere. 3But it is' now some weeks since that promise was made and the Government announced this intention, and as yet not only has nothing been done, bat there are no -indications of a likelihood of its being shortly carried out.- la this respect therefore the promise has been of the iisual pic-crust order. It is to be lioped however that the timely action now iafeen by the miners on their own aeeord, may have a proper effect. There are 8 miles of the line surveyed from the terminus beyond the Gap, and this portion at least might be thrown open to tender in small contracts at once. The ballast raising for the whole length of the line might also be proceeded with forthwith. This latter is a work which the miners are peculiarly adapted to perform,, arid if commenced now, two objects, will be effected, the employment of the miners, and the speec-y construction of the Baiiway. We have frequently had occasion to remark on trie dilatori ness of the Government m connection with this particular line They have allowed month after month to elapse without effecting even its survey, and notwithstanding the promise that it shduld be completed in tiiue for the approaching harvest, judging from the progress that has hitherto been made, the residents .of the district may con gratulate themselves if the Barunga Railway is open for use by the ensuing haryest of 1878. "Whilst on this subject we may call attention to a fact, which is self apparent to allthose win have pas sed over the country where the terminus of this line is to be ' constructed, accord ing to the survey pegs,—the unsuitable ness of the site chosen for this purpose. If it is allowed to remain, the railway will be of little or no benefit to those beyand the ranges, for the transport of produce, owing to the fact that it is an absolute impossibility at present for a dray with a load of auy weight to pass the "northern portion of the ranges lead ing to the site of the proposed terminus. Steep gullies,- with small ravines^ heavy uphill boggy roads, holes, and pitches bar the way, and it is a matter of difficulty, if not danger, for a light running and .well horsed vehicle to travel on that road. |T hiis is a matter to which public atten tion should be directed before the matter goes further. To be of any use the line should be extented for at least two milfes beyond its present,site, and the terminus constructed in the low plateau beyond the ranges, where it would be easy of access to any vehicle or waggon. Other wise one of the main objects of the Bar unga Line will not be effected. This is a matter of very great importance to the inhabitants of this district, and we should be glad to see public action taken as early as possible. It has been rumoured, and possibly public action may elicit the truth, that the line has actually been sur veyed beyond the site . o,f the preBent proposed terminus, and fend reserved, .and 3:hat a block in. the direction of Elack Point lias been surveyed for a township. We are .not, however, in a position to announce tnis fact authoritatively, but believe it to be accurate. It would be of interest; as well as of use to ascertain the 'intentions of Government in this re spect. ■ The meeting recently held at Taeka has adopted a different view of'the question of railway communication with a seaboard for that and the surrounding districts, to that which was in a measure expected and- desired by the inhabitants of this district. In passing a resolution in favour of an extension of the Blyth Line, they do not appear to have acted upon an accurate perception of their own in terests. Nor do we find that the argu ments laid before the meeting, by which they'arrived at the conclusion in favor of the Blyth-Line are such as make a strong case in favour of that extension. They would appear to have been actuated by a desire to benefit others rather than them selves. It is no doubt a laudable principle to advocate the construction of that line which will be of most value to the colony. But, at the same time, local interests should not be lost sight of. On review mg impartially the arguments in favour of the Blyth extension, from the point of view of the settlers in Tackatnoorundie, their own interests appear to have been entirely lost sight of. Broadly speaking we may reduce these into three, first that such an extension would tap the districts beyond Yackamoorundie, secondly that; the passenger traffic on it would be so great as to make it remunerative from that source alone, and thirdly that the distance to an average Port (Wakefield) | being shorter than to any other, the cost of transporting produce would be less. Of ihe.se three the only one affecting the inhabitants of the district is the latter, and that is very speedily disposed of when the difference between Port Wake field and Wallaroo is fairly considered. The remarks made by one of the speakers as to the unsafety of Wallaroo Bay are j not worthy of notice, being entirely in eorrect alid untrue. This fact was, how ever, explained by the deputation which attended feom the Peninsula, amongst which were representatives from the three towns. And notwithstanding j the resolution passed at the meeting we may state Aur conviction that a large number of the inhabitants 0f the dis trict are in favour ot the ^extension of the Baruuga. Line, and will suppo?£ such a scheme. We have already entered yery fully into the relative mrite of tfcese lines, and it is not our intention 1 further to discuss them at present. There is, however, no doubt that the' inhabitants of the Hundreds of .Bou cant, Hart and Barunga are strongly in favour of the extension of the Barunga, Line. The engineering difficulties which were said to exist in the way of this route have no existence in fact. It is patent to even the unprofessional ob server that there are none worthy of consideration, or which would materially, if at all, enhance the cost of its construc tion. A meeting is to be held at Can dowie Plains on the 3rd proximo, to take into consideration the extension of this particular line, and as far as can be as certained, it will be supported. Notwith standing the ariped intention of the Go vernment not to consider the extension of the line during the present session, there can be no doubt if properly agi tated, the matter will not be delayed in contravention of the desires of a large number of the inhabitants of so many influential districts. The Peninsula has shown a very proper activity in its own interests, and might fitly take some fur ther action of its own motion, in this matter, in order that it may be brought before the Gevernment in a manner likely to command attention. It will not per haps be out of place here to recognise the courtesy and fairness with which the de putation was received at Yacka, and the patient hearing that was accorded to them. On Monday, June 25, two inebriates were fined 5s each at the Moonta Police Court for drunken ness. Monday, June 25,* " Midsummer" Day, was observed as a close holiday in the three towns, all the places of business and stores being closed. The number of inmates in the Wallaroo Hospi tal Is steadily on the increase, there being at present 24 indoor patients under treatment. s The output of coal from Newcastle during tbe week ending June 15, has been 28,470 tons, of wbich 1985 tons were shipped to Wallaroo, and 1424 to Adelaide. From the Bunyip we learn that the whole of the Try Again Mine was sold by auction by Mr J. C. Wilkinson, on Tuesday last, for £430, inclu ding plant and leases to Mr Beltington, for the Barely n Freehold Company whose property it adjoins. On Monday, June 25, the following nomina tions were received for the offices of Councillors and Auditors of the Green's Plains District Coancil. ¥or Councillors—Messrs W. Wyatt, W. V. Brown, J. Grey, T. Price, D. Brown, W. Thomas, and T. Tait. Auditors—Messrs J. Hosking J. Train, W. Wyatt, and R. Franklin. The election will taka place on Monday, June'2, The latest commercial telegram from London states (inter alia) that the copper market is quiet. Burra is quoted at £75, and no Wallaroo is offering. Wheat is still declining in conse quence of the large imports and the fine weather. The Town Clerk has now removed to the new Council Chamber in Mr Pellew's premises in Owen - Terrace. The room is very comfor table, and well adapted to the purpose. The Corporation will hold their next meeting there. An Agricultural, Horticultural, and Floricul tural Society has been formed at the Burra, and is to be designated as the Burra and North Eas tern A. H. and F. Society. Concerning the disastrous wreck of the Edith Haviland, Captain Boddy has told the police that when the vessel struck he rushed to the cabin for his family, where he grasped two of his chil dren. One of them was killed'in his arms, and the other was washed away by the sea. His wiiie aud the remaining child were drowned in the cabin. Their bodies have not yet been found.: The sailors lost, everything, and they are still at the huts of the boundary-riders. Augustus, the coloured American seaman, wis buried at Port Macdonnell on the 23rd instant. It will be seen on reference to our advertising columns, that a meeting is to be held at the house of Mr Freebairn, Candowie Plains, on Tuesday the 3rd proximo, to urge upon Govern ment the necessity of extending the Barunga Railway to Black Point, and to have a township laid out there. The postal arrangements for the district will also be considered. The deputation from the Peninsula, which attended the railway meeting at Yacka, on the 21st instant, returned to Kadina on Saturday, 23rd instant, after a very pleasant trip. We are desired to record their appreciation of the hos pitality which was shown them by tie settlers on their road, particularly by Messrs Michael and Freebairn. Mr Michael's hospitable residence being at just a comfortable day's journey from Eadina, is becoming a regular calling place for constant travellers, who know from experience that a cordial welcome awaits them. Notwithstanding the frequent calls upon bis hospitality Mr Michael apparently adheres to the motto "the more the merrier," and is never better pleased than when he is dispensing the'comforts of his homestead to a houseful of travellers. A ghost is reported to have made its appearance in Wallaroo. It is " wanted" by the police. We learn that the Eev. W. Corrie Johnston, the Evangelist minister, and the editor of a journal entitled *' Words of Grace," published in Mel bourne, is about to pay the Peninsula a visit. He has lately been preaching in Gawler, and is expected to arrive in Kadina on Saturday next, 30th instant. Monday, 23rd instant, being the day on which the mid-Bummer (mid-winter ?) day holiday observed by the Welsh community, was kept in Wallaroo, all the places of business and stores were closed. In another column will be found a report of the services in connection with the Welsh Church Sabbath School Anniversary. The Town Clerk of Wallaroo has received a communication from the Crown Lauds Office stating that the square in the South Ward has been reserved to the Corporation for recreation purposes. A notice to that effect appeared in the Gfazette of the 21st instant. The clioir of Christ Church, Eadiua assisted by Kadina Glee Club, and other friends from .Kadina and Waltaroo, will give the first of a series of three concerts at tlie Eadina Hall, oil Friday evening next, June 29, at 8 o'clock. The case of John Bigwood, who was charged with stealing twenty sheep belonging to Messrs Barr Smith and J. Maslin, at Clare, on October 4, 1877/was tried before His Honor Mr Justice Stow 'on- the 23rd instant. The evidence ap peared to be conclusive, but being that of accom plies, and uncorroborated by disinterested tes timony, the prisoner was discharged. There are however nine other charges against him and his son Henry Bigwood. On Sunday morning, June 24, Detective Candler and Constable Rogers arrested a man | named William Cook on a charge of attempted murder. It will will be remembered that about three months ago Cook stabbed his wife, and all efforts to find him up to the day of his arrest were unavailing. It appears that after the com mission of. the deed Cook went into the country, where he. remained. On Sunday he ventured into town to see his children, and was imme diately arrested by the police, who had the house where they were stopping under surveil lance .—Advertiser. Three young boy6, S. Trathen, P. Datson, and E. Remnant were charged at the Moonta Police Court, on Monday June 24, with various petty thiefts, the two first from Mr S. Pomroy's store, and the latter from that of Mr A. J. Admore. The charges were conclusively proved, and the defendants elected to be summarily dealt with. The Court stated as to the first two, if they were properly chastised by their parents, no further sentence would be passed. Remnant .was sen tenced to 24 hour's imprisonment, and his father was allowed the option of chastising him, to pre vent further sentence. We much regret tliat owing to the unpardonable neglect of our reporter at Moonta, we are unable to furnish a report of the meeting held at Hall's shaft, on Saturday, June 23, to consider the .reply of the Chairman of the Destitute Board to the communication of the representative of the Committee recently appointed at the Moonta Miiies. For the same reason we are unable to , furnish a report of the Concert and Tea Festival in aid of the Building Eund of All Saints Church, Moonta, and other matters. The Moonta Corporation are about to make an experiment as to the suitability of asphalt for footpaths, which it is believed will be successful. The right of using the patent for the Peninsula rests with Mr Alfred Jewel), of Moonta, who is to be invited to lay asphalt down on the footpath in front of the Council Chambers. A large con tract was recently accepted by the Adelaide Cor poration at the.rate of 2s 9d per square yard. As will be seen by advertisement in another column, Messrs Liston Shakes & Co., will offer fifty prime fat bullocks for sale by auction, at Messrs Parnell and Bowman's yards, Wallaroo, this day, at two o'clock. The following further -contracts were accepted i at the Wallaroo Mines on Saturday, June 23. To drive an oblique cross cut from plat at ,100 fins, level, North Hughes Shaft, to cut Milnes lode, 30 fms, and then drive east on course of lode, by six men. To drive 110 fms. leyel east of Taylor shaft 20 fms. by six men. From an advertisement in another column, it will be seen that Mr Lindsay's cattle sale at Parnell & Bowman's yards, has been postponed until Friday 29th instant. We regret that the sale' was inadvertently announced to take place at Wallaroo. It will be held at Kadina. Burpa has returned thirteen "Voluotee»,s to the force. The Bu'ts News «\ia,*aete>"i3M :a"s as evidencing a disgraceful want of public spi-it. At the Mi -sion Slat'on at Point MacLeay, on t!;e_ 15th current, there died a native named Charlie Peate. He was bom 800 miles north of Adelaide, and was one of the aboriginals who ac companied Colonel Wai-buriou's exploring ex pedition to tbe west coast of the continent. He it was who, on one oecavou, saved the Uves of the members of tbe expedition by opportunely dis covering vrater. Of ibis exploit be was not a littletproud. .After the return of .Ibe expedition, Ghariie Paake was very kiodly provided for by Colonel Warbarton as loog as possible ; but the poor ?ellow was unhealthy. Disease of tbe foot broke out, which necessitated amputation.. This was performed at the Adelaide Hospital. The sbopi to tbe system was great; aborigioes rarely recover from a severe surg:cal operation. Poor Cbarlie, however, iallied for a while, and was sent to be r-ared for by the B.ev. G-. Taplin, at the Reid Town Mission Station. Everything possible was done for bis comfort, but he gradually 6ank. Tbe old disease broke out in another and more vital part, and he died. He was bu^ed in tbe native cemetery, and his native hunting grounds, but yet among people of his ovtn race and col our. 