ADAM .BELL. BY JAMES HOGG. Tnrs tale, which may be depended on as in every part true, is singular, fi'om the circum stahce of its being insolvable, either from the facts that have been discovered relating to it, or by reason; for though events sometimes occur among mankind, which at the time seem inexplicable, yet there being always some individuals acquainted with the primary causes of these events, they seidom fail of being brought to light before all the actors in them, or their confidants, are removed from this state of existence. But the causes which produced the events here related have never been accounted for in this world; even con jecture is left to wander inna labyrinth, unable to get hold of the thread that leads to the catastrophe. . Mr. Bell was a gentleman of Annandale, iii Dumfriesshire, in the south~of Scotland, and proprietor of a., considerable.estate in that district, part of which he ociu'pied himself. He lost his father when he was an infant, and his mother dying when he was about 20 years of age, left him the sole proprietor of the estate, besides a large sum of money at interest, for which he was indebted, in a great measure, to his mother's parsimony during his minority. His person was tall, comely, and athletic, and his 'whole delight was in warlike and violent exercises. He was the best horse man and marksman in the county, and valued himself particularly upon his skill in the broad sword. Of this he often boasted aloud, and regretted that there was not one in the county whose skill was in some degree equal to his own. In the autumn of 1745, after being for several days busily and silently employed in preparing for his journey, he left his own house, and went to Edinburgh, giving at the same time such directions to his servants as indicated his intention of being absent for some time. A few days after he had left his home, one morning, while his housekeeper was putting the house in order for the day, her master, as she thought, entered by the kitchen door, the other being bolted, and passed her in the middle of the floor. He was buttoned in his greatcoat, which was the same he had on when he went from home; he likewise had the same hat on his head, and the same whip in his hand which he took with him. At sight of him she uttered a shriek, but re covering her surprise, instantly said to him, "You have not stayed so long from us, Sir." He made no reply, but went sullenly into his own room, without throwing off his greatcoat. After a pause of about five minutes, she fol lowed him into the room. He was standing at his desk with his back towards her. She asked him if he wished to have a fire kindled, and afterwards if he. was well enough; but he still made no reply to these questions. She was astonished, and returned into the kitchen. After tarrying about other five minutes, he went out at the front door, it being then open, and walked deliberately to wards the bank ot the river Kinnel, which was deep and wooded, and in that he vanished from her sight. The woman ran out in. the utmost consternation to acquaint the men who were servants belonging to the house; and coining to one, of tho ploughmen, she told him that: their master was come home, and had certainly lost his reason, for that. he was wandering about the house and would not speak. The man loosed. his horses from the plough and.came home, listened `to'the woman's relation, made her repeat it again. and again, and then assured her that she was raving, for their master's horse was not in the stable, and of course he could not be come home. However, as she persisted in her as severation with every appearance ot sincerity, he went into the linn to see what was become of his mysterious master. He was neither to be seen nor heard of in all the country. It was then concluded that the housekeeper .had seen an apparition, and that something had befallen their master; but on consulting with some old people, skilled in those matters, they learned that when a " wraith," or appa rition of a living person, appeared while the sun was up, instead of being a prelude of instant death, it prognosticated very long life; and, moreover, that it could not possibly be a ghost she had seen, for they always chose the night season for making their visits. In short, though it was the general topic of conversation among the servants and the people in the vicinity, no reasonable con clusion could be formed on the subject. The most probable conjecture was, that as Mr. Bell was known to be so fond of arms, and had left his home on the very day that Prince Charles Stuart and his Highlanders defeated General Hawley on Falkirk Muir, he had gone either with him or. the Duke of Cumberland to the north. It was, however, afterwards ascertained that he had never joined any of the armies. Week passed after week, and month after month, but no word of Mr. Bell. A female cousin was his nearest living relation; her husband took the man agement of his affairs; and concluding that he had either joined the army, or drowned himself in the lKinnel, when he was seen to go into the linn, made no more inquiries after him. About this very time, a respectable farmer, whose surname was M'Millan, and who re sided in the neighlbourhood of Musselburgh, happened to be in Edinburgh about some business. In the evening lie called upon a friend who lived near Holvrood-house; and being seized with an indisposition, they per suaded? him to tarry with them all night. About the middle of the night he grew ex ceedingly ill, and not being able to lind any rest or ease in his bed, imagined he would be the better of a walk. He put on his clothes, and, that he might not disturb the family, slipped quietly out at the back door, and walked in St. Anthony's garden behind the house. The moon shone so bright, that it was almost as light as noonday, and he had scarcely taken a single turn, when he saw a tall man enter from the other side, buttoned in a drab-coloured greatcoat. It so hap pened, that at that time M'Millan stood in the shadow of the wall, and perceiving that the stranger did not observe him, a thought struck him that it would not be amiss to keep himself concealed, that he might see what the man was going to be about. He walked backwards and forwards for some time in apparent impatience, looking at his watch every minute, until at length another man came in by the same way, buttoned likewise in a greatcoat, and having a bonnet on his head. He was remarkably stout made, but considerably lower in stature than the other. They exchanged only a single word : then turning both about, they threw off their coats, drew their swords, and began a most desperate and well-contested combat. The tall gentleman appeared to have the advantage. He constantly gained ground on the other, and drove him half round the division of the garden in which they fought. Each of them strove to fight with his back towards the moon, so that it might shine full in the face of his opponent; and many rapid wheels were made for the purpose of gaining this position. The engagement was long and obstinate, and by the desperate thrusts that were frequently aimed onboth sides, it was evident that they meant one another's destruc. tion. They came at length within a few yards of the place where M'Millan still stood con cealed. They were both out of breath, and at that instant a small cloud chancing to over- shadow the moon, one of them called out, " Hold, we cannot see." They uncovered their heads, wiped their faces, and as soon as the moon emerged from the cloud, each re. sumed his guard. Surely that was an awful pause! And short, indeed, was the stage between it and eternity with the one! The tall gentleman made a lounge at the other, who parried and returned it; and as the former sprung back to avoid the thrust, his foot slipped, and be stumbled forward towards his antagonist, who dexterously met his breast in the fall with the point of his sword, and ran him through the body. He made only one feeble convulsive struggle, as if attempting to rise, and expired alnost instantaneously. M''Millan was petrified with horror; but conceiving himself to be in a perilous situa tion, having stolen out of the house at that dead hour of the night, he had so much pre sence of mind as to hold his peace, and to keep from interfering in the smallest degree. The surviving comnbatant wiped his sword with great composure;-put on his bonnet, covered the body with one of the greatcoats, took up the other, and departed. M Millan returned quietly to his chamber without awakening any of the family. His pains were gone, but his mind was shocked and exceed ingly perturbed; and after deliberating until morning, he determined to say nothing of the matter, and to make no living creature ac quainted with what he had seen, thinking that suspicion would infallibly rest on him. Accordingly, he kept his bed next morning, until his friend brought him the tidings that a gentleman had been murdered at the back of the house during the night. He then arose and examined the body, which was that of a young man, seemingly from the country, having brown hair, and fine manly features. He had neither letter, book, nor signature of any kind about him that could in the least lead to a discovery of who he was; only a common silver watch was found in his pocket, and an elegant sword was clasped in his cold bloody hand, which had an A. and B. engraved on the hilt. The sword had entered at his breast, and gone out at his back a little below the left shoulder. He had likewise received a slight wound on the sword arm. The body was carried to the dead-room, where it lay for eight days, and though great numbers inspected it, yet none knew who or whence the deceased was, and he was at length buried among the strangers in Grayfriars churchyard. Sixteen years elapsed before M'Millan mentioned to any person the circumstance of his having seen the duel, but at that period, being in Annandale receiving some sheep that he had bought, and chancing to bear of the astonishing circumstances of Bell's disappear ance, he divulged the whole. The time, the description ,of the person, his clothes, and above.al.i,;the sword with the initials of his namae engraved upon it, confirmed the fact beyondthe smallest shadow of doubt that it was Mr: Bell whom he had seen killed in the duel behind the Abbey. But who the person was that slew him, how the quarrel com menced, or who it was that appeared to his housekeeper, remains to this day a profound secret, and is likely to remain so, until that day when every deed of darkness should be brought to light. Some haveeven ventured to blame M'Millan for the whole on account of his long conceal ment of facts, and likewise in consideration of his uncommon-bodily strongth and darihg disposition, Eie, being ,one1 of the boldest and most enterprising, men of the age in which he lived, but all who knew him despised such insinuations, and. declared them to be entirely inconsistent with his character, which was most honour able and disinterested; and besides his tale has every appearance of truth. " Pluris est oculatus testis unus quam auriti decem." 