DIOCESE OF BALLARAT. (From our own Correspondent.) The Bishop's Lenten Pastoral, which will be found in the present issue, was read in St. Patrick's Cathedral on Sunday. To that part of it which relates to the education question I may perhaps be permitted to call the attention, not only of Catholics, but also of the Secularists, as surely the zeal his Lordship has shown in establishing, in such a short space of time, the numerous Catholic educational institutions in and around Ballarat, gives him a pre-eminent claim to a hearing on the subject from all classes in the community. It is to be hoped that better counsels will soon prevail in the Legislature, and that the Catholics, who, as is obvious, are the poorest section of the colonists, will with the least possible delay have their educational burden lightened, and receive their fair share of the grant for public secular instruction. After Vespers on Sunday evening, a meeting in furtherance of the temperance movement was held in the library in the Cathedral reserve. His Lordship the Bishop presided; the Vicar-General, Very Rev. Dr. Moore, and the Rev. Father Cleary were also present. There was a large attendance of members of the society. His Lordship addressed the meeting at some length, expressing his pleasure at seeing so many present, and at having learned that those who had taken the pledge were all keeping it unbroken. His Lordship exhorted them all to remain firm to the pledge, and he expressed his desire to see branches of the society extended to many parts of the diocese. He also stated that he had been spoken to on the subject by some persons who desired to have the society made a benefit one; but, after mature consideration, it was thought better to keep the movement simply a temperance organisation, especially as there was a Catholic benefit society already in operation. His Lordship further intimated that the society would be called the St. Patrick's Total Abstinence Society, and that it was thought advisable not to adopt any rules for the guidance of the society till the end of the present year, as by that time there would be a better opportunity of judging how the movement would work. In the meantime, however, Dr. Moore would choose a committee from the members to assist him in promoting the objects of the society; next year the committee could be elected. His Lordship also remarked that there might be a desire to have reading rooms in connection with the society, as also social entertainments and other means for propagandism in the cause. With regard to the proposition that the badge of membership should be a medal and card, the meeting was unanimous, as also with regard to his Lordship's suggestion that the members should have a picnic in the Botanical Gardens on Easter Monday. It was also arranged, on his Lordship's suggestion, that there be a meeting of the society that night month in the library, to mike arrangements for the proposed ffrte. It may be added that the good work is now certain to progress steadily if every member tries, in a true mission-: ary spirit, to extend the organisation., Although the society is only a few weeks \ in existence, the good effects of it are. already acknowledged on all sides. The Catholic Young Men's Society held the first of its series of monthlyre-unions on Monday evening, at the library,Daw- - son-street; the president, Mr. L. Whyte, in the chair. There was a very-large attendance, the building being crowds ' and many unable to gain admi^!?, After an. opening address by thT^*; dent, readings and recitations were by Messrs. O'Donoghue, Hewitt j nings, McCullagh, Keenan, Sherifl!"' Duffy, and New. There was a f t amusing dialogue, in character, betw,*» ' Messrs. McCullagh and Hewitt; andtt i popular farce, " Going to the Ball," Jr eluded the entertainment. Thecu ' votes of thanks brought the proceediS I to a close. There had been rather M preparation on the part of some of those who gave their services, but others acquitted themselves cleverly; and at all events the society is deserving of heart? (Il»lmftuiltt1tmnftn+. W lfe Calm/in^ J - d to afford an evening's recreation to mombers and friends. The very large attendance at the first re-union should strongly stimulate the society to still hiJa literary and histrionic efforts. The annual meeting of the Christian Doctrine Society took place on Tuesday evening, at the Catholic Library, Dawsonstreet; the president, the Very Rev. Dr Moore, in the chair. The principal officers of the society were also present and the attendance of members was large. The minutes of the previons meeting were read and confirmed- tie current subscriptions were then handed in. The chairman then gave a clear and beautiful exposition of the nature and objects of the society, and complimented the lady members particularly on the zeal with which they had discharged thai duties. He also spoke highly of the services rendered to the society in the past by the senior members, and he trusted that the society would go on prosperously, Miss McKay and Miss Cody were elected members of the society; Messrs, 8, Wrigley and M. C. Carey were re- elected vice-presidents; Mr. Kitson was elected superintendent of the Redan branch. The president spoke highly of Mr. Kitson's services. Mr. McDonald was elected superintendent of the Clarendon branch, the president also speaking highly of his services and those of Mrs. Henry. The election of a treasurer was postponed till next meeting. Mr. S. Wrigley was reelected secretary, without opposition, the president passing a high eulogium. on his general character; Messrs. Cahill and F. J. O'Brien were elected auditors, Several candidates for membership were then nominated, and it being now late the ordinary reports were held over till next meeting. Some financial matters were then dealt with, and the proceedings closed with a hearty vote of thariks to the very reverend the president, on the motion of Mr. Carey, The president, in replying, intimated that although not always able to be present at the society, he took a deep interest in its proceedings, as he regarded it as the chief of the local Catholic societies. THK LENTEN' PASTORAL. Michael, by the Grace of Qoi and Favour of the Apostolic See, Bishop of Ballabat, to the Beloved Clergy and Laity of his Diocese: Health and Benediction in Christ Jesus. Reverend and Dear Bbbthbkn,—The desire and effort of the Christian should be ever directed to imitate in his conduct:, as far as he can, the example which Jesus Christ has given him. Though he has been redeemed by the precious blood of JeBus Christ, yet his actual salvation will be only secured on the condition of his life being in conformity with that of his Divine Mister and Model. St. Paul declares this truth when he says (Romans viii. 29), "For whom he foreknew, he also predestinated to be made conformable to the image of his Son." Our Divine Lord inculcates the same truth when he says," If any man will come after me, let him deny himself and take up his cross and follow me." St. Panl affirms that the condition upon which the Christian can inherit heaven is that he imitate Christ, by suffering withhioi. " If sons, heirs also, heirs indeed of God, and joint-heirs with Christ; yet so if we suffer with him, that we may be also glorified with him,"—(Romans viii. 17). To bo saved, we must reproduce the image of Christ in ourselves, and cany his mortification in our bodies; we must receive ftU his divine teachings as the principles of our actions, and be actuated by his Spirit alone, and not by our own, except bo far as it is in subjection to his. The Church of God, the faithful Spouse of Christ, and our Spiritual Mother, endeavours at every suitable opportunity to bring home those vital truths to the rpinds of her children. At the commencement of the holy season of Lent she reminds Christians of the great duty of self-denial, aiwi calls upon them, with the voice of authority and precept, to imitate the example of mortification which esus Christ has given the world by hi* etiring into the desert and there fasting for forty days and forty nights. To encourage you to a more ready observance of this fast of Lent, which comes down to ub rom the Apostolic times, we shall bo" make a few reflections, which will serve to show you the advantages that may he thence derived. reflection I would suggest to. that this strong and striking fact of oar iOrds fast in the desert not only gave the Xfcviae sanction to the practise of fasting, but furnished aa example tohia discipleeof what they were to do who wished to walk in bis footsteps. Our Lord, as man, was neoessarily pure.and sinless, on account of thp hypostatic union of the human nature with the Divine in the person of the Word, and, therefore, did not stand in need of fasting or. any other penitential work. Why then did he'fast P In order to show us how we are to prepare to meet the assaults of the Devil and our own corrupt nature, and how we might hope to vanquish them. Some of our earliest ecclesiastical writers assert that our Lord, foreseeing and foretelling and deBirin g that th e salutary practice of fasting should be observed by his followers, not only sanctioned, but sanctified by his own act, that practice. That he had considered what would take place amongst his followers w.hen he was taken from them, is manifest from his reply to the disciples of John, who took objection to his disciples not fasting, and said, "Whydo weand the Pharisees fast often, but thy disciples do not fast ?" ' And Jesus said unto them," Can the children of the bridegroom mourn, as long as the bridegroom is with them ? But the days will come when the bridegroom shall be taken away from them, and then 'they shall fast." Our Lord had in mind, when he fasted in the •desert, those days that were to come. When the celebration of the nuptials passed away, and, by anticipation, provided for his followers an incentive to a practice 'which originated with the command of 6bd to our first parents in Paradise, and which was observed at all times by the great servants of God under the Law and the Prophets. That the words of the Lord were fulfilled, namely, that his disciples would fast when he was no longer with them, we have abundant proof in the sacred scriptures. In the Acts of the Apostles, xiii. 2, 3, we read that it was whilst the Apostles "were ministering to the Lord and fasting, that the Holy Ghost paid to them, Separate me Saul and Barnabas for the work whereunto 1 have taken them. Then they, fasting and praying apd imposing hands upon them, sent them away." . And in Acts xiv. 22, we read again, "And when they had ordained to them priests in every church, and had prayed with fasting, they commended them to the Lord." Thus we see the practice at once adopted by -the Apostles, of fasting on the occasion of the most solemn functions of religion. St. Paul speaks of that praotice as one that was a distinguishing •characteristic of the minister of God. " But in all things," he says," let us exhibit ourselves as the ministers of God, in watchings, in fastings, in chastity," &c.;, &c.; That is, by'the exercise of such virtues, they would prove to the world that they were ministers of Christ, and faithful imitators of him who oame to teach mankind by word and txample. The second reflection I would put before you to show the need we have of observing the Lenten Law of fasting is, that we all have sinned against the Lord. "If we shall say," says St. John, " that we have not sinned, we seduce ourselves, and the truth is not in us." St. James tells us that '* we all offend in many things." As we are all sinners, then we stand in need of penance; and even though our sins are pardoned, w.e know not what temporal punishment may be yet hanging over our heads. We know what a severe trial was kept in Store for David, though the Prophet had told him that' his sin was taken away. How what is the fasting at present enjoined "but a Work of periance—a work undertaken by man—whereby he punishes the body, which was the catiee or instrument of sin. Works undertaken in a' spirit of penance and humiliation, and Vivified by the merits of Christ, whose satisfactions dignify and iiiake Meritorious Our penitential efforts, have had at all times the effect of moving God to look with tnercy on the sinner. To convince ourselves of this truth, it is aufficieiit to refer to any one of the many itistkhces recorded in the Old Testament, in 'Which the anger of God against the people who outraged the Divine Majesty, 'by the excess and magnitude of its sins, 'was appeased immediately when the offending people htimbled themselves, by the voluntary assumption of the penitential works of fasting, and other exercises painful to self-love and human nature. Consider how the Ninevites averted by ttieir.fastings and humiliations the bursting of that thunderbolt of God's wrath, which thel Prophet had declared was gathering'ijver their heads. The third reflection which I ask you to te on this subject is that the fasting, " fccompanied With proper disfis not only a satisfaction for sins but is a powerful preventive isin in the future. To convince i of this truth, let Us bear in mind xevery man a continuous warfare is tbn betWeen the flesh and the spirit. • the flesh," says St. Paul, "lusteth the spirit, and the spirit against jab. • for these are contrary one to ir,BO that you do n(>t the things ffou would." Every one inust be ous of the rebellion of the sensitive ite ajjainSti reason and the spirit to the ApOBtle here refer*" Everyone #8 by sad^experieniSe how nature resists C restraint to itsBelf-iridulgences, how fer seeks' those things' which are laing to the senses, and how it envours, by th«S violence of its clamour, to ace the voice of teison, andfco hurry, the I away'captive into -that state of blind- 3 aid' inweiy where'light 1 and liberty s for'a time 'all batertingufcihfca.' Truly " the enemies of a man are those of his . own household." There is to be found the' most active^ the most vigilant, and the 1 most fatal enemy of man's salvation. Now 1 how are we to conquer such an enemy as I; have described, or, as we cannot completely crush him, how are we to weaken his power and bring him into subjection P Let us see what answer St. Paul gives to the question. " I chastise my body,'' he says, " and bring it into subjection."—1' Cor. ix. 26. And addressing the Colossians, he says, " Mortify, therefore, your members which are upon the earth." And, again, to the Galatians (v. 24), "And they that are Christ's have crucified their flesh with their vices and concupiscences." Here then we have the sword of mortification pointed out as the only weapon that will effectually defend you in this struggle, and this is tin weapon which the Church puts now into your hands, when she places on you the obligation of fasting, which she knows will be a Shield to preserve you from the attacks of yonr most inveterate enemy. I will now sum up what I have said on the subject of fasting. (1) That the example of Christ encourages us therein ; (2) that fasting will propitiate the Lord, who may be incensed a ainst us on account of our past sins ; and (3) that it is by the mortification which fasting entails that we may bope to be preserved from becoming the slave of our corrupt nature. Though the obligation of Lenten Law only extends to fasting, yet the spirit of this holy season, which is to prepare our souls for a pious and worthy celebration of the great festival of Easter, requires that to fasting we unite more fervent and frequent prayers, and that we exercise ourselves more diligently in deeds of charity, in giving alms more abundantly to the poor, and to those public institutions where - the poor find a home and shelter, when every other door is closed against them, and where their declining years can be sustained and solaced with the consola tions of our holy religion. Your zealous pastors will develop these subjects fully for your instruction and edification during the Lenten Season, and above all, they will endeavour to impress earnestly upon you the indispensable necessity of prayer, and will encourage you to send up your prayers to the' throne of the Moat High, through the hands of Immaculate Mary, the Mother of God, who will Extend her powerful protection to all who confidently invoke her intercession. And in your prayers you will bear a loving remembrance of the sorrows and sufferings of our Holy Father, against whom the fiercest rage of the enemies of God and his Holy Church is directed in vain. He still stands as a tower of strength—as a pillar of light to. the people of God—guiding them by his teaching, and strengthening them by his example, to. walk fearlessly in the footsteps of Jesus Christ. There is one subject more to which, in conclusion, I wish to call your attention, and that is, the duty of providing a safe and useful education for your children. To parents God has confided the care and guardianship of their children, and to God parents shall have to render a strict account of the manner in which they discharge the important trust reposed in them, so that their salvation may depend upon that issue. How far then does this divinely-given trusteeship of parents with regard to their children extend? It extends, in general, to all and everything that may affect either the soul or body of the child, either for good or for evil j but in particular and in the first place, parents are bound to ptovide for and protect, as far as they can, the spiritual life of their children, and in the second place, to provide for and protect their temporal life. If parents then consider their duties in the light of these simple principles, they shall see that they are bound to procure, wherever they can, such an education for their children as will alike promote their spiritual as well as their temporal interests. Now as only in your own schools both interests are provided for, only there can,an education be had which can meet the requirements of your conscience. As to the .education given in the State sphools, you cannot conscientiously avail yourselves of it, as the purely secular and mixed system of education has been repeatly condemned by the Holy See, as dangerous to faith and morals. What then are you to do? On the one hand you must support your own schools, where alone the religion of. your children will be safe, and on the other hand you are compelled to support the State system, whiuh your conscience rejects. This truly is a hard case,. and makes a heavy demand on your patience and forbearance. What course, you will ask me, ought you to follow under these trying circumstances ? My advice is that you ought to petition Parliament again and again for the redress of your grievance, and say in your - petitions that whilst you are -prepared on the one hand to guarantee to the State that you will give to those children educated iu your schools the same degree of secular instruction as that given instate schools, you will, on the other hand, ask as a matter of justice that the - same remuneration be given for the quantity of educational work produced in your schools as ehall be given in State schools for a corresponding amount ol work. '• No valid reaison can b£ offered why the prayer of such a petition, emanating from so large a section 6f ' thfe cbmmunity, ehotild be rejected. Surely it is ho answer ans* for a ' Government to r giV^tt th»t they •ft only bound to satisfy the majority of the people. The legislature, as a representative body, is bound to consult for the reasonable wishes of all, where all are to be affected by the legislation. I know that in many instances it would be impossible to satisfy all, and the best that can be done is the most that can be done; but this is not the case here. All can be satisfied in this matter of education; and why then not satisfy all, and remove the cause of heartburning and dissension ? We are told that the great majority of the people are in favour of the secular system and the present State schools. Well, if such be their disposition, no one is asking to interfere with them, or take from them the schools they have. Why not then, by supplementary legislation, give Catholics a grant for schools on the principle of results and numbers ? Thus all will be satisfied. But it is said. If we give Catholics what they want, others will demand a similar arrangement. The answer to such objection is obvious; either the majority of the country is in favour of the State system of .education, or it is not. -If the majority be in favour of it, then no such demand will he made, and if it be not, the Education Act then does not reflect the wishes of the community at large, and ought to be modified. It iB sometimes, too, objected against Catholics by their opponents on this question, that the matter is now settled and we cannot undo it—that the country at large has by its majority endorsed the State pplicy. Now these objectors make use of different weights and measures. They will maintain their favourite opinions and theories on fiscal questions and the freedom of com merce, and try to reverse the settled legislation of the country when they find it adverse to their principles. Such objections only prove that their opposition to any amendment of the education law, on the ground of change, is only a hollow pretence, and a musk to conceal a religious hostility. Let us prav to God, however, in our difficulty, and beg of him to give our legislators the spirit of wisdom, of justice, and charity, so that all their acts may be stamped with the seal of those noble virtues. The Grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. »J« MICHAEL, Bishop of Ballarat. 