SOUTH AUSTRALIA AT THE PHILADELPHIA EXHIBITION. Several interesting letters lately received by Mr. C. J. Cpates, from Mr. S. Davenport, J.P., tiie South Australian Commissioner at Phila delphia, have been kindly placed at our dis posal, and we make the following extracts from Webvu. in Wheat. — Professor Archer recom jnended steeping the wheat in kerosine for two minutes and then drying it, but no kerosine is allowed on the grounds, and it is not easy, ex cept at much cost, to work off the grounds. Professor Baird, of the Smithsonian, recom mended Persian- insect powder, and I am using .that as well as the camphor. Mr. Landreft, Chairman of their Agricultural Board, and a large -seedgrower, said—' We kill weevil in our peas by camphor, a handful to the bushel, in an nermeticallyjsealed case.' Prof essorLeGonti said — '? The insect is the Calqndra Ornza widely diffused. In my experience in destroying insects in Museum collections I have found a mixture of benzoine with a pint of carbolic acid producs a vapor which destroys insects in a very short time. I would pour this mixture on a sponge, and place that with the grain in a light tin case, and in half an hour it will have destroyed the beetle, but not their ova, so when these are hatched, you mu t repeat the dose.' Well, I have this process in reserve in case of need, and I record the opinion here ex pressed, as it may interest you, or lead to some better plan being made known. Copt toMe.Goshoekof ' South Australia, its Histoet and Besouhces.' — Since I last wrote you, I have compiled a catalogue for the British Commission report, to be laid before Parliament, with a few comments on the colony preceding. Also, I have given a statement to Mr. Goshorn (Director-General), at his request, for information which he may embody in a .general view of the Centennial Exhibition, proposed to be published from his office. In acknowledgment, he says, ' I return you my thanks for the very valuable document which you have furnished me for the permanent statistics of the Exhibition, and I take pleasure in advising you of the great pleasure and valu able information I have received in reading the work on South Australia which your Commis sion has so kindly furnished me.' la conver sation lately with Mr. Goshorn, he said, ' Few things about the Centennial Exhibition have afforded us so much satisfaction as the hand some way in which the Australian Colonies have taken part in it.' This may be a colored view of the matter — a generous expression of opinion made on the spur of the moment — but, as I have before said, there is no question but that the general display of material wealth, and illustration of settled civilised life, both of kind and extent, have drawn from American minds and hearts feel ings of admiration and surprise. We have opened out to them the existence of a new world of their own Anglo-Saxon race, in which' world they see the natural resources for great wealth. Sydney Exhibition, 1877.- -I enclose you a handbill re Sydney Exhibition, April, 1877. to which some Americans, and Canadians and some of their manufactures will go. Whether some may be induced to go further than Sydney remains to be seen. I advise all I meet to see the customers they desire by going to them; and that once at Sydney, the advance to Mel bourne and Adelaide is a small matter. But 1 wait to know as far as I can what will be the nature of the goods sent thus to Australia ere I decide what to buy for Adelaide. Naeeow Gauge Engines, &c.; — To-day (Octo ber 2) I post direct to Mr. Mais plans of narrow gauge engines, carriages, &c;, aud I hope to gather other informaion on construction and working promised me. Sydney is likely to purchase railway rolling stock, and Mr. R. W. Cameron writes me he has instructions to send 1,000 emigrants to Sydney — the Government nominating him as Emigration Agent. He ex pects to get them there tat a cost of £10 per head. Books, &c.; — By the Hebe, to sail from New York in a few days, for Adelaide, I send a little waterer as a tinall present from myself to the Botanic Gardens, as I think it will please Dr. Schomburgk, though a small thing. - It's cost you will see, and the inventor's address, if any of your friends admire it and wish to import. The Hebe is freighted by R. W, Cameron & Co., New York. I also ship by her a box of publica tions, collected for the Commissioners, except that they include, as the list will indicate, some publications for the Hon. the Chief Secretary, referring to the municipal organiza tionof large cities. These the Chief Secretary asked for by previous mail. I have further snbscribed for one year, and ordered to be posted to you the following apparently useful publications: — The Santa' Barbara Weekly Press, the Albany (New York State) Country Gentlemen, the Resources of California (monthly, samples of which are in the Hebe case), and the Chicago Prairie Farmer. These are all, I think, worth a trial, as keeping us an fait on American agriculture, and publishing much in formation of a useful nature in Adelaide. Dried Meats. — To-day I tasted some mutton and beef which on the 9th of August last were dried by evaporation in one of the drying fruit and vegetable machines. I propose buying, you specimens of both these meats. Some which I have kept in double canvas bags all the time were in excellent order. Their drying took seven hours. ? Rainfall Statistics. — Mr. Senphom, Engi neer C.P.R. Railway of California, promised me to send to Mr. Todd, whom I thought they would interest, statistical reports on the rain fall of the Central Pacific Railway Line. Cattle Show. — The Cattle Show has been on here. It was relatively much better than the horse show. The classes were Durhams, Herefords, Devons, Alderneys, Galloways, and some Dutch. The Canada Durhams and. U.S. ?? Alderneys I thought far the .best. The Herefords were mostly small, and so were the Devons. On the whole, the Durhams, though well pointed and square well framed animals, were mostly too large boned to please me. I send you a catalogue in book box, at the end you will see the scale of points for judges. They take also the live weights of fat beasts. The three heaviest bullocks were Durhams, and weighed respectively 2,862 lbs. (7-year- old), 2,910 lbs. (6-year-old), and 3,114 lbs. (7-year-old). One fat Galloway cow weighed 1,900 lbs. The Sheep show being on the 10th iust., I hope then to see some of the New England Merino, which claim to have pure Spanish blood of the old regime. Anntfeesaby Pennstlvanian Constitution. — On the 28th October great efforts were made to swell the attendance at the Centennial Exhi bition. It was declared a public holiday, and there were fireworks on the grounds in the even ing ; 257,000 persons attended. By the Brindisi mail I hope to announce the complete award list. ?'..:.?. ' ' Fruit.— A great show of fruit here, but South Australia need not blush for. hers. - . ' ? The A'WAEDs.— In a letter dated October 13 .Mr. Davenport writes — ' The award list is, not yet completed. . . It is. acknowledged that some oversights have occurred with the jurors, and a Committee for investigating these ias been constituted.' I have written to the . Director in detail on such as I feel sure have happened in our .case, and he replied—*' I have , referred your communication to the Committee of Appeals J' -As it. is,, our a wards-number forty. : I hope we shall .muster ten others, so lour pro portion to Exhibition should stand out credit ably. ?. ;.;? . - : ?..-??.? -. ., , /„ ? '. . .-?'; ?; ?? ': Bagot-s. Extbact of Meat:-tt-His . Excellency . the Councillor of State for Russia, Bedsky, sends -a 12 lb. case of[ Bagot's .extract to. St. Peters burgh. I have given him full particulars, and explained that an unlimited supply from the best of meat cajn; be procured. ;-. ? ? - . ... ? Sheep. Show/t- At the Sheep Show are splen- . .did Spanish Tnermos, English cotswolds, South and Oxford Downs, Lincoln and Leicesters. I . think we shall get some merinos to Sydney by April,, and thence to Adelaide. Many impor tant machines will also go there, where our people jnay see them, or as I hope, receive them for subsequent examination. Among these is a \ clam dredger, of great service, as I shall yet . write you. . I Mr. West-Erskine left for England yesterday ; ' Sir. Redmond Barry last week. I Stbeet Cabs.— Oa October 31, Mr. Daven port again writes— #-? Street Cats.— I post to ' Mr.E. W. Wright the best publication, ' Gil more *on Street Roads and Pavements.' In letters enclosed to-day to the Commissioner of Public Works Mr. Wrieht will see that street rails are not necessarilv bedded up with paving stones, but macadam will do. Closing of the Exhibition. —As the closing day of the Exhibition approaches we are crowded mth interruptions, but each day's work tells something. Our desire to secure machinery or models inprqpriapersoiia is work ing out nicely. All praise is due to the efforts of the Sydney Commission to let crop out the fact that their Exhibition will be held in April next. Canada and New York shipments will embrace useful things. I will send you lists, if they are procurable by-and-bye, but of these the following are promised, as I personally know : — The millionaire car axle (an alleged important invention, Ramsay's ' car-truck shifting appa ratus, model of clam dredge used about these harbor excavations, the Wharlin patent safety key switch, gas burner for heating locomotive tires, mowers and reapers, threshers, grain and maize crushers, a Balwin locomotive railway car, fee. Watching j the list thus possibly to come under the eye of '-? Australians in their own country (and perhaps Adelaide may arrange with Sydney for their exhibition at Adelaide after the Sydney Show), and waiting to have the opinion of jurors on machinery, I have delayed buying what our spare funds may permit till these last days. Of things already selected for Adelaide I name the following (decision on others is pending further enquiry) :^— Of fruit-drying machines two kinds, 1st Pacific, 2nd portable; of stump extractors three kind, 1st pioneer, 2nd Davis's, 3rd little Grant; of hay presses, Allen's hand-power ; of horserakes two kinds, Canadian and American ; a hay loader (very useful, I hope) ; of ploughs thi-ft kinds; of potato triggers \^q kinds j of sowers two kinds, hand and cart; of cultivators, one on Garry-plough principle; a winnower, Dickey's; a honey extractor; a horse-power machine, applicable to wood cutting, chaff cutting, &c.; ; post-hole diggers, two dozen ; a cider press, for farmers and small gardeners ; and sundry smaller things, of which more by-and-by. I shall select other things ere the closing day, and all our selections will, I think, leave New York on the 1st of December for Melbourne. I shall get a collection of seeds and some useful garden tools. Re Bagot's Ex tract, several large chemists have inspected it, who all speak well of it, aud say the South American Liebigs have got the hold of this market, and even after much advertising they doubt if room would be found for others. I recounted our 40 awards. No final list is -yet. out ; we are sure to have more. Some of the cask wine at New York is sold. I wrote to London, but find the market there is not en couraging. I believe everything goes well, and Australia will get the benefit of this exhibition. The following is the latest letter received from Mr. Davenport : — United States Hotel, November 27, 1876. Dear Mr. Goates — Your letter of the 11th October, with the drafts of further letter which the ghost of a telegraph from New Zealand had arrested towards completion, reached me on the 23rd, and I thank you for them. My last to you was dated October 31. Since then I have posted to you newspapers recording the closing of the Exhibition. At that date I thought I scarcely should be in Philadelphia, having cal culated that ten days would see all wound up. Actually, however, the 17th day does not find all done, nor will this be the last letter I shall write you before leaving America. In this delay I am not 'alone. Mr. Mackay, of Queensland, is the first and only one off, but as he had sold nothing, and had but to ship his exhibits back to London where they were duly received neither Customs, formalities, nor tima taken in distribution of sales, &c;, were a dragon him. Tasmania is the next to go, and then, I think, I am the nearest ready. Still, I cannot say positively till all the shackles are off. When all the packages for exportation are com plete I -will send you -the list, and in time ac count for the disposal of every exhibit. Here I may remark that, after deducting samples which have been distributed, as per paper ea closed, the wool was sold in bond at a uniform price of 14d. per ib. greasy, and 20d. for the scoured. Statement enclosed. It is not yet de livered, waiting Customs entry, though all papers are complete. Thirty emu eggs were sold at S3 a piece, tha balance being reserved as presents in recognition of courtesies received. Jewellery. — All Steiner's jewellery is dis posed off at invoice prices, save one inkstand, £30, which, if not got rid of here, I will take to London, saving duty here, and I hope to sell it there. Wendt's noted inkstand (from the alarm a supposed robbery occasioned) is also sold at invoice price. The Colonial Commis sioners wishing to notify their obligation to the British Executive for their free grant of use of furnished rooms at St. George's House, within the Exhibition Grounds, as well as the general good feeling and disposition to give all friendly aid and intercourse to the colonial representa tives, are buying Wendt's inkstand for presen tation to Colonel Stanford. I, of course, on behalf of your Commission, take a share in the purchase, which will probably be £10. This reference to Wendt's jewellery leads me to ex plain that after receipt of your second invoice from Mr. Wendt some months since, I could come to no other conclusion than that no robbery had occurred, and that the one case, where nothing but a footboard and some red plush glass edging with broken glass had been found, had in reality never contained anything eLse, save that the glass, when packed, was not broken, and therefore that the footboard and gimp belonged to the one inkstand, which I had received in another case all right. Then arose the question, how had I so long thought other wise? The cause lay in the wording of the packages on the original schedule. There each case — S.A.C over 37 and SAC over 25 — were described as containing collection of jewellery, whereas, in fact, the board and gimp and glass alone could not be termed ' collection of jewellery,' as I read it. However, 'All's well that ends well.' Sheepskins Dressed. — Some S3ld and sDme reserved for donations. Dressed Skins. — Have mostly, with all the specimens of natural history supplied by Mr. Waterhouse, gone to the Smithsonian In stitution at Washington, from whom in re turn we are to receive natural history specimens illustrative of this continent, the preparation and sending 'of which will occupy more time than will permit of their going to Adelaide by by some -vessel as our return exhibits do. Design feom Skins of Native Animals. — Some sold, some 'donated^ as I shall fully ex plain eventually. CeBEALS .AND OTHER F ABM ( SEEDS.— -What were left from weevil have been destributed in various directions, to-foreigners and the people of the United States: . From some I have sieeds : in return ; from others and numerous far.eign.ers and country institutions, the occasion of their gettingsamples affordedme, muchoppbrtunity f or conversation, .and enabled me to illustrate the sort of country Australia 'was. Be.ii inVheat, or in dried fruits, or wax'models!,wdor, win^, ores, or photographs in their separate or aggre \- gate exhibits,1 the effect upon .the ; American mind' has been most striking. It is not un common to hear-the remark that the. Australian colonies formed the most interesting part of the Exhibition. The force -which impressed people with this idea was due to the varied and excel lent indications of material, wealth and' material comfort which the~f 'for the; first time intheir lives saw before them as thfe products of coun tries they had been accustomed to regard, as al most uninhabited,: or at least in a very low state of settlement ;and civilization. To this feeling, too, I have seen added one approach ing admiration and brotherhood, based on surprise, that the Australian colonies should have taken so ready and extensive au interest in Exhibitions, and that our ' illustrative statistics and products proved us to be -worthy members of the: great Anglo race, in the qualities assigned to which the American himself feels proud of possessing a good share. As a sequence there cannot be a doub$ that out Gf this exhibition cpininercial relations will spring tip in various Ways, and. ere long many will -come and- inspect us with whom the thought never had footing before. In the general distribution of exhibits I am risking a little blame by a departure from the letter of instructions in one or two things. Mr. Keynes's wool goes back to Adelaide*jin its own show cases, set up well after the damage of ^ Skerryvore.' Mr. Angas's samples of wool, with photographs, in their two frames, and copper and silver hammered specimen also go back, as the before-named direct from New York to Adelaide. But in the following cases I am making a detour at least ; that is, I am sending them to London, whence, if wished by their owners, they can be sent direct to Ade laide or otherwise; and the reasons of my thus acting with latitude are as follow: — In common with other Colonial Commissioners I have been asked to send to London any spare exhibits which may be thought suitable for a proposed Colonial Museum, to be constructed upon a large imperial scale. A few things were in hand suitable for such a purpose, and some of them were left here 'at the disposal of the Commissioners.' Of these were Miss Gray's wax models of fruit — very truthful representations and very attractive here as they would be elsewhere, their only fault being too limited in number. An award is given them here. These fruits illustrate out climate, and suggest by their delicious appear ance that the country they grow in is a desirable country to dwell in. The grapes, figs, almonds, loquaiis, oranges, citrons, lemons, with apples, pears, currants, strawberries, and plums preach directly to the sense of the inspector. They have always attracted, crowds here, and induced no end of conversation. I have packed them ia their glass case as exhibited here, and they may reappear the same in London. To the same destination is packed in its glass -ftse ready to open, yaf fjad ^^i^M^iM » in a few minutes, Wurtn's cocoons and spun silk. That always here attracted attention — that kind of attention which arrests passers-by, and they stop and go out of their way to ex amine, aud are pleased and rendered inquisitive thereby. I have often heard people, after look ing at the things, ask ' What country is this? Oh, this is South Australia.' The Euru Eggs. — The emu eggs set up in Jewellery, being so perfectly novel to the visitors — 'nothing like them anywhere else ' — have been useful attractions, advertising our colony. The Coorongite. — The Coorongite in its glass case I send also to London to a class of- men who will regard it with much interest. Some have samples here under microscopic examiaafcion, and I am to get their reports. - The Gold Quartz. — The gold quarzfrom the Northern Territory I send also to London together with the framed set of photos (two in all), illustrative (in the one case) of the tele graph line structure ; and in the other of Port Darwin and surroundings, and though Mr. Dutton has probably counterparts of these, yet . as they are set classed in neat and good frames, I thought it best not to separate them from the gold quartz of the Northern Territory, of whose riches therein it may prove a small but truthful witness. Goyder's Statistics. — The five-framed Goyder's statistics, too, I have packed for London, for though statistics like law books soon are surpassed, yet for a season these will answer, and the frames they are in will be good enough for many successors. Cbabb's Malachite. — Crabb's malachite and Mr. Angas's two spotted emu skins, and the two glass cases of Mr. Angas's Lincoln ewe and lamb skins I have also packed carefully and sent to London like the foregoing, and it is in these I depart from the strict reading of the instruc tions. For the credit of the colony on the opening of the Colonial Museum I hope these gentlemen will allow these interesting exhibits to play a part were it only for a season. Bagot's sample case goes back to Adelaide. The stripper aud Captain Hancock -and Mr. Sanders's machines also. - ? The 114 clear glass bottles in which our wines have been shown I send you, with the nickel plated frame and walnut board on which the bottles stood. So if you wish we can raise the like at our agricultural shows, defining to visitors' eyes the color of the wine exhibited so little now. Cameron has secured us freight to Adelaide at the moderate rate of 37s. 6d. per ton. I am greatly obliged to him for the books. I enclose you the lists of books, &c;, contents of cases branded 'C. J. Coates, Adelaide.' Many of these books, &c.;, are of much value. Many refer to railways, technological institu tions, sewerage, &c;, &c.;, as you will see. There are also seeds of American indigenous . trees for others cultivated here, including the :sugar maples of New England, so. important and valuable tree there, though perhaps not suited to our climate, unless Mount Gambier or Yankalilla. Mr. Landreft, of the Bureau of Agriculture, alone sends us 109 packages of culi nary vegetable seeds. Mr. Parkinson, Superin tendent of United States Coast Survey, has given me in a case ready packed a selection of 100 coast survey charts, which I shall send you. These were accompanied by publications from his department, of great interest, and which are in lists now sent you. I have yet another sin to acknowledge in expiation or explanation. As I write you again within a fortnight, I close now with^saying that I can then add what- addi tional machinery has been purchased, &c; , and enclosa you bill of lading. I have fixed to leave America by the Ohio steamer from here for Liverpool on December 14, but before going 1 want to visit the Cornell Agricultural College — the reputed best in the States. The following letter from Mr. G. Yasey Botanist to the Department of Agriculture, Washington, has been received by Dr. Schom burgk: — Department of Agriculture, Washinghton, November 7, 1876, Professor Schomburgk, Dear Sir— As botanist of the Department of Agriculture (U.S.) I have had the oppor tunity during the . past season of ex amining various ' herbaria and botanical collections from different countries, and with none of them have been more deeply interested than with your South Australian Herbarium. I have conferred with Mr. Davenport as to the possibility of obtaining this valuable collection fer the U. S. Herbarium ; and, although with out direct instructions from you, Mr. Daven port has' consented, at my solicitation, to leave the collection, subject to your f uture approval, . and with : the agreement on our part that if the arrangement is not agreeable to you, we will return the herbarium at the earliest possible time through the Smith sonian [Institution. I have stated to Mr. Davenport that we are prepared to. make a return of United States plants, which, I trnst, may be satisfactory to you. I have already had prepared ' for you a box containing ; 500 species, chiefly of the eastern portion of -, the , United' States', and will, at'an-eariy.day,put:Up for you* an. equal number of species from the ; Rocky. Mountains, together with others' -from the Western States and California, r which- we will transmit through the Smithsonian institu tion. Hoping that this arrangement may meet with your approval, and that we may, be able in the future to continue a correspondence and change of specimens, ... . . , . ; , I remain, respectfully yours; George Vasey, 1 Botanist of Department of Agriculture. 