"UNCLE TOM'S CABIN Among the crowd, of competitors who from all parts of the earth thronged to show their wares at the Exhibition of 1881 was a single negro exhibitor. All he had to display were four black walnut boards, but they were of the finest grain and texture, were beautifully French polished, and in the end were awarded a medal. It bore the inscription, "This is the produce of the industry of a fugitive slave from the United States, whose resi- dence is pawn, Canada." In the autobiography of that fugitive slave, first published at Boston a couple of years before, republished in this country in the very year of the Exhibition, and of which the latestreoastis nowbeforeus in its 30ththousand,after a career of six weeks, lay the germ of that remarkable work of fiction, the circulation of which has been exceeded by that of no book save the Bible, and which our author may be forgiven for believing was " the wedge that finally rent asunder " the gigantic fabric of American slavery " with a fearful crash." Yet such, in spite of the nursery protest that " Uncle Tom" was killed in the book, and that Father Henson, therefore, can be no more than his ghost, is the undoubted fact, as a glance at the chapter on her hero in Mrs, Stowe's "Key to Uncle Tom's Cabin," must convince any reader. Our negro autobiographer was born June 15, 1789, on the farm of Mr. Francis Newman, near Port Tobacco, Charles county Mary land. To Newman his father belonged, and his mother had been hired out by her owner, Dr. Josiah M'Pherson, who gave the boy his own Christian name, with Henson as a surname, after an uncle of his own, who had been an officer in the Revolutionary War. But one reminiscence of his father, a black Hercules, six feet in height, always adhered to the child, that of seeing a hundred lashes inflicted on him by the village blacksmith. He had struck the white overseer for offering an outrage to the boy's mother. The criminal, the merriest of his race before, became thenceforward a moody mutineer, was sold South into Alabama, and is heard of no more. Two or three years afterwards the Christian mother was sold to a man named Riley, who kicked her away when she besought him, with bitter tears, to buy also her sixth and last little child, " Siah," or "Sie," as young Henson was called, five having already been knocked down to other bidders. The hammer consigned Josiah to the tender mercies of a still worse tyrant, named Robb. The child was often left the whole day long feebly crying " Water ! " and " Mother 1 " By a kind chance, however, the sundered pair were not very long afterwards re-united, Robb, who owned a line of stages, having trucked "the little nigger to Riley to pay for horse-shoeing. Riley, besides being a farrier, farmed a good bit of land, and as soon as Henson was old enough he was set to carry water to the field hands, to weed with a horse plough between the rows of corn, and to groom his master's horse. Then he had to do a man's day's work with the hoe. Of the slave's hard lot his sketches are most graphic ; but the lightness of heart which he inherited from his father seldom forsook him. He boasts of the knight-errant with which, like Mrs. Stowe's hero, he helped weak women sinking under their burden of toil and confesses that he robbed hen roosts to comfort the sick negreases, justifying the theft that he was but saving the lives of Masaa's costlier chattels at the expense of his less valuable live stock. It is not until after those things that we are told of his conversation at the age of 18, through the very first sermon he heard. By the time he was 20 he had risen so high in his master's confidence that he was virtually overseer of the estate. As his body servant, moreover he had nightly to accompany Riley to aueighbouriugtavcro,wherohoandhtsboon companions not to revel. On one of these occasions when Riley was sorely pressed by his brothers' overseer, one Bryce fitton, Henson valiantly stood up for his drunken master, and soon afterwards Litton, catching the black fellow alone, broke both his arms. Henson was insured for Ufo. At 22 Henson married his first wife, Charlotte, a well-fought and devout slave girl, owned by a neighbouring pious family. She bore him twelve children, of whom seven survivors are the staff of his green old age. Riley's affairs grew complicated, and in dread of the bailiffs the charge of " running off the whole of his black live stock to be sold by his brother Amos, in Kentucky, thousands of miles off, was intrusted to Sie, who as they passed through Ohio, was strongly urged by more than one Christian friend to make a bold dash for his own and his convoy's freedom. The temptation was strong, but he withstood it, and handed the consignment to Riley's brother Amos, whose estate he reached in June, 1825. Here, the rest of Isaac's negroes having been duly sold down South, he lived three years better off in many respects than in Maryland and in 1828, having many years addressed his fellows in prayer meetings,' was admitted a local preacher by the Methodist Episcopal Church. Hence his title " Reverend." On a hint from a brother preacher, Henson got a pass from Amos Riley in the slack time of the fall, to see his old Maryland master. On his way his co-religionists raised for him money enough to clinch a bargain with that man for his freedom, and his emancipation papers were duly made out on the 9th of March, 1829, But by a sort of " confidence " juggle, Isaac got hold of them again, last, as he told] his simple victim, as he was starting once more for "one Kentuck" to tell his' wife the good news, the slave catchers should seize and tear them up. The scoundrel then enclosed them in an envelope and directed them to Amos under a seal to break which was felony, as he took care to remand <' two black gentleman, " before handing the packet. By post he wrote his brother, naming },Q00 dollars, instead of the 4.30 agreed on, all but 100 having been paid down, as the price of the trusty slave ; he further advised Amos of the transmission through Henson of the sealed packet. Before the duce's arrival the story of his hopes of freedom and of the 1,000 dollars to be paid for it, had got wind on the Kentucky estate, and he first learnt the line from Charlotte. But he durst not break the seal of the envelope ; besides without a white witness, who was 1,000 miles away, his face papers were worthless. "Uncle Tom " may surely be. forgiven if he evaded the question about the packet with something very like a white lie. he told Amos, as he had told Charlotte, that he had not seen it since he left Louisville. He had added an "aside" to Charlotte to feel quite sure and not let her husband know if she found it in his carpet-bag. The Kentucky brother did not press the matter, and Charlotte sewed the manumission round the true owner's person when he was sent down South. For they cannot be a shadow of a doubt that his forebodings,, at the time of the brothers being in league to sell him at New Orleans and share the proceeds, were but too well founded. Thither he was sent in a flat boat, freighted with cattle, pigs, poultry, corn, and other produce, the whole being in charge of Amos Riley, jun. Henson felt sure that he also was to be put up for sale, a presenti- ment verified by the event. His horror at the fate staring him in the face was greatly intensified on the voyage by a eight of the awe-stricken and hunger pinched features of his former fellow slaves, in the anguish of his despair he was overtaken by a temptation of which he must himself speak. " One dark, rainy night, within a few day's sail of New Orleans, my heart- seemed to have come. I was alone on the deck, Master Amos and the hands were all asleep below, and I crept down noiselessly ; got hold of an axe, entered the cabin, and looking by the aid of a dim light there for my victims, ' my eyes fell upon Master Amos, who was nearest to me ; my hand slid along the'axo-handlo, I raised to strike the fatal'blow,whou suddenly the thought came to me, What commit murder land youaühristian?' I had not called it murder before, but self-defence, to prevent others from murdering me. I, thought it was justifiable and even praiseworthy. All at once the truth burst upon me that it was a crime. I was going to kill a young man who had done nothing to injure me, but was only obeying the commands of his father. I was about to lose the fruit of all my efforts at self-improvement, the character I had acquired, and the peace of mind that had never deserted me. All this came upon me with a distinct- ness whiokalmoatmado me think I heard it whispered iumyoars,andlboliuveloveiiturnedmy head to listen I shrank back, laid, down the ages, and thanked God, as I have done every day since," that' I'did'not commit that' murder. My feelings were still agitated, but they were changed ; I was qUod with shame and running for the design I had entertained, and fearing that my companions would detect it in my face, at that a careless word would betray my guilty thoughts, I remained on deck all night, instead of rousing one of the men to relieve the watch and nothing brought composure to my mind but the solemn resolution I then made to resign myself to the will of God, and take with thankfulness, if I could, But with submission, at all events, whatever He might decide' should be my lot:',' I . » v . . His deliverance seemed to be miraculous. Young Amos, after frankly avowing his purpose qt few * " libelo Tom's Story of his Life." An Auto, biography of the Rev. Josiah Henson (Mrs. H. B. Stowe's "UuoleToni") from 1789 to 1870. With a Preface by Mrs H. B. Stowe, and an Introductory Note by George Sturge and S. Morley. Esq., M.P. Edited by John Lobb, managing editor of the Christian Age. 80th thousand. London, Christian Age Office, 1870. Orleans and showing Henson's good points to buyers was suddenly struck down by yellow fever, and now begged and prayed for forgiveness. "Stioktome.Sie ! Stiofc to merrie I Don't leave me. I am sorry I was going to sell you. She nursed his enemy in the plague smitten city, up the malarious river, and handed him safe to his father. But the light of freedom had dawned upon him. He lied, and on the 28th of October, 1830, reached the Canadian banks of the river. He lost not a day till he found honest labour and procured-a shelter for his wife and children. Three years after he hired himself to a new master. His first Canadian employer had sent his boy Tom to school, and Tom had taught his father to read by the light of pine knots, The marvel is that one so dark in mind till 50 as he was in body should have learnt to write, and still more that he should read and speak so like a scholar that Archbishop Sumner asked him, in 1851, at what University he had been trained. But full fifteen years before that we find him thinking out the problem of political economy, and lecturing to his flock on that science, and with his teachings he paved the way for the free negro settlement at Dawn. of the dark cloud which too soon afterwards lowered over it for something like a score of years, leaving Henson the beggared victim of his heroic, and, ultimately, successful struggles to free from unlawful usurpation the fine estate of what is now the Wilberforce I University, space fails us to speak. The " Uncle Tom " torso of the life is now complete and the end has not been unworthy of the beginning. 