THE LAMENTABLE BALLAD OF ISABELLA. OR, THE FATAL DRAUGHT. ' BY THE GHOST OF ROBERT SOUTHEY. j 'TWAS in the olden, golden time, The year of fifty-one, The crime—this most terrific crime— By Isabel was done. OhIsabel was wondrous fair, As fair as uiaid could be, And black as raven was her hair, Her eyes were bright to see. And Charley Softboy loved this maid— Oh ! loved her passing well; And to his friends he often said— " There's none like Isabel." And she, she said—" I love the youth With love that ne'er will dhn ; And on my sacred word of truth, I think there's none like him." This love their tender hearts did soothe; But soon her love did fly— For true love never yet ran smooth, So lier's went all awry : For Rudolph Blinker came before The maid, and won her heart; And she declared, and Eudolph swore, They'd wed and never part, " But Softboy's in the way," he cried. " What! in the way ?" spake she; "I'll very soon put him aside— Do you leave him to me." Then pallid, pallid grew her cheek, And gleaming were her eyes, Like stars that glitter in the creek, When cloudless are the skies. "Prepare you for our bridal day," Said she to Rudolph then; " And there's my hand—but go away, And soon come back again." And then she wrote a loving note To Softboy, and said she— " My heart's delight and dearest dote, To-night come visit me." The winter midnight winds shrieked loud, Deep moaned the surging sea, And Dian's face was veUed in cloud. As black as ebony: 'Twas then that Softboy stood beneath His loved one's lattice high; 'Twas then she heard him softly breathe— " Sweet Isabel, I'm nigh." She threw her window open wide, And said—" Speak low, my love; I hear my father's constant stride Sound in his room above." And then tliey whispered tender words- Soft, low, yet sounding clear, Like cooings of the turtle birds— Most beautiful to hear. Said she—" The skies look cold above, And chilly blows the storm ; But I've a posset for thee, love- 'Twill make tjiee-niee-aud warm. Then by; A cup- And whife She stj She sawii And And wheiiS "Hes She saw lum passing • Close by the garden wall, Then heard his shriek of pain or wrath, And next she saw him fall! And through the night she heard that cry Above the tempest swell— That shriek wliicn brought down from on high A curse on Isabel. And when the wintry light of day Upon the earth was shed, They found her victim where he lay— Cold, motionless, and dead. And when she went to view that form, Her cries of wild despair Rang louder than the howling storm— 'Twas Rudolph that lay there ! Yes, yes; he sought her in disguise, And Softboy saw him there, Then said—" Well, let him win the prize; She's false as she is fair." Within a twelvemonth and a day, The guilty Isabel Lay in the cold, cold bed of clay, With him she loved so well-; And when the fatal night comes round On which her lover died, Above the roaring blast resound The cries her lover cried. Then at her chamber-lattice high— With wailing and in tears, While charnel' gleamings round her fly— Her spectral form appears ; And with a string she lowers down A black, black iron cup; And while she gives a fiendishfrown, She says—" Love, drink it up !" And then a dreadful form appears, And makes the cup to clink ; And fills it up with fireand tears, Then says—" Draw up and drink." And fromthat dreadful cup she quaffs, While fiendsaround her yell, And the dread form beneath her laughs, And mocks lost Isabel. And there her spectre must appear Forever, or till when She sees this lovely country here Controlled by honest men; And if she waits until that day, I think I am not wrong In saying in a quiet way, Her waiting will be long. 