WHO WAS THE AUTHOR OF " SHAKSPEARE'S PLAYS?"* Another claimant to the authorship of the plays reputed to have been written by one William Shakspeare, of Stratford-upon- Avon, gentleman, has come forward by his attorney, who states his client's case in a pamplet of 32 pages. This has the advan- tage over Mr. Nathaniel Holmes's plea on behalf of Francis Bacon, in that the latter filled a volume of upwards of 600 pages with the testimony and arguments which he con- sidered to ba essential to establish Lord Verulam's title to put tho Warwickshire player out of court. Most persons will be apt to consider Mr. Holmes's industry and ingenuity to have been completely misdi- rected ; but, viewed an an intellectual exercise, his work is neither uninteresting nor un valuable ; and it is in this light, perhaps, that wo ought to view the brochure entitled, Sir Walter Raleigh the Author of Shaks- pere's Plays and Sonnets. The writer of it states that he has collected and collated materials in support of his thesis, which "would occupy several volames;" and therefore we may regard the proaent publi- cation as an epitome or abstract of hia case. In the first part of it, he gives an outline of Sir Walter Raleigh's life; and in the second, he marshals the evidence by which he endeavours to show that he was the author of the plays commonly attributed to Shakspeare. He enumerates the opulent qualities of their author's mind, both nptural and acquired; and asserts that "only one man can be pointed to ia the world's history who combined in him. self these varied accomplishments," and "that man was Sir Walter Raleigh." But here a confusion seema to arise by assum- ing that "accomplishments" and "genius" are convertible terms. With the former, and with the method of their acquisition, every body ia sufficiently familiar; but of genius we know nothing more than its manifestations. What it is, and whence it is derived, are in- soluble mysteries. But that it does qualify its possessor to speak with a fulness of know- ledge, and with an authority which mere study could never enable him to attain, was one of thoae truths which appear to have been self-evident to the mind of Shakspeare. There is one of his characters upon whose portraiture he seems to have lavished an affectionate care, and in whom, we believe, he saw a good many of his own characteristics reflected. This was Henry V., to whom, after his reformation from the wild courses of his youth, the dramatist caused the Archbishop of Canter- bury to attribute these mental excellen- cies : " Hear him bnt reason in Divinity, And, all admiring, with an inward wish You would desire the King were made a prelate : Hear him debate of commonwealth affairs, 'You would say It hath been all-in-all his study. List his discourse of war, and you shall hear A fearful battle render'd you in music. Turn him to any cause of policy, The Gordian knot of it be will unloose Familiar as his garter ; that, when he speaks, The air, a charter'd libertine, is still, And the mute wonder lurketh in men's ears To steal his sweet and honey'd sentences." And then the prelate goes on to say that the Prince had been addicted to low company, that his time waa spent in royatering en- joyments, and that there was " Never noted in him any study, Any retirement, any sequestration From open haunts and popularity." But neither the archbishop nor the bishop of Ely regards the Prince's gifts as miraculous, and the latter prelate believea thoy were the fruit of " contemplation," mingling with the young man's unworthier occupations In fact, there was such a cluster of men of genius in the Elizabethan era, that the most pro- digally endowed man of the epoch came to look upon it perhaps more in the light of a common possession than as an exceptional faculty. Shakspeare did not feel himself to be a giant, because he was surrounded by giants. In the reign of Queen Anne he might have dwarfed his contemporaries ; but in the time of Bacon and Burleigh, of Spenser, Sidney, and Sackville, of Walsing ham and Oxford, of Drake and Raleigh, of Coke and Essex, of Hooker aud Taylor, of Brown and Jonsen, of Beaumont and Fletcher, of Massinger and Ford, of Mar- lowe and Marston, of Decker and Chapman, Shakepeare was simply primus inter para. The writer of the pamphlet before ua discredits the dramatist's authorship of "Venus and Adonis," because Shakspeare was only 28 years of age at the date of its publication. But surely there was nothing more remarkable in this than in the fact that the whole of Keats' poems were written before he was 25, the whole of Shelley's before he was 30, and the whole of ''Childe Harold" before Byron had completed his third decade. " Venus and Adonis" was entered at Stationers'-hall on the 18th of April, 1593, and was dedicated to the Earl of Southamp- ton by "William Shakespeare," as "the first heir of his invention," with the expression of a hope that it might not "prove deformed;" and to assume that this young man, who had his way to make iu the world, would deliberately father another man's verses, and publish them as his own, is a most unreasonable assumption. In 1594 he published tho "Rape of Lucrece," which he also dedicated to the Earl of Southamp- ton'; and in the very same year there appeared a volume of poems entitled " Willobie's Avisa," prefixed to which are some laudatory verses, containing the follow ing couplet : "Yet Tarquyne pluct his glistering grape, And Shakespeare paints poore Lucrece rape," Not only so, but, as Mr. Halliwell tells us, there is a marginal note to a work called "Polimanteia," published in 1595, in which it is stated that " all praise the Lucretia of sweet Shakspeare," showing that at that early period of his career "his sweet and honey'd sentences" were attracting the ad- miration of his contemporaries. Spenser's "Colin Clout's come home again" is gene- rally believed to have been printed about the end of 1595. In it he enumerates and praises most of the best known poets of the day, and he concludes the list with tho following lines :— " And there, though last not least, is Action ; A gentler shephord may nowhere be found, Whose muse, full of high thoughts' invention Doth like himselfe heroically sound " Now all commentators agree in concluding that Shakspeare was the "gentler shepherd" here intended ; while the very epithet gentle—herein applied to him was one con- stantly made use of by his contemporaries When speaking of the dramatist, Quoting Charles Knight, the writer of the pamphlet under notice says:-"It would be difficult to affirm that he (Shakspeare) ever wrote a line which had strict reference to his own feelings and circumstances." On the contrary, we think that there are many passages in his dramas, as well us ia the sonnets, which were inspired by both, When we remember that at 18 years of age he con traded an ill-assorted marriage with a woman who was seven or eight years older than himself, who gave birth to their first child six months after marriage, and who remained at Stratford daring the many years he spent in London, can we doubt that it was a personal experience and retrospect which fouud expression in tho following lines :— " Let still tho woman take An elder than herself ; so wears she to him, So sways she level in her husband's heart, For, boy, however we do praise ourselves, Our fancies are more giddy and unfirm, More longing, wavering, sooner lost and worn, Than women's are. And were there no semi-humorous, semi pathetic reminiscences of how William Shakspeare and Anne Hathaway were mar- ried in an out of the way village church, in an adjoining county, in the dramatist's de scription of the scene between Touchstone and Audrey, Jaques and Sir Oliver Mar text, in "As You Like it"? Was there no "reference to his own feelings and circumstances," in Prospero's speech to Ferdinand in the 4th act of " The Tempest," where the magician declares that "barren hate, sour-eyed disdain, and discord" are * Sir Walter Raleigh the Author of Shakspere's Plays and Sonnets. Melbourne: Stillwell and Knight. the consequences of unions contracted as Shakspeare's was? And can it be doubted that in this, the poet's latest and his darling work, Prospero's abjuration of his art, and in his dismissal of his dainty Ariel (a name borrowed from Isaiah, and signifying "the light of God"), he bade a solemn farewell to those realms of imagination in which he had so long lived and moved and had his being ? In 1596, Shakspeare lost his only son, Hamnet at the age of 11, and shortly after wards " King John" was written? Is it not just to couclude, then, that the following wail of lamentation, which is scriptural in the simplicity of its language, and unsur passed in any literature for pathos and for tenderness, came direct from the poet's lacerated heart? " Grief fills tho room up of my absent child, Lies on his bed, walks up and down with me ; Puts on his pretty looks, repeats his words, Remembers me of all his gracious parts. Stuffs out his vacant garments with his form ; Then have I reason to be fond of grief O Lord ! my boy, my Arthur, my fair son ! My life, my joy, my food, my all tho world ! My widow comfort and my sorrow's cure !" These lines, which literally palpitate with emotion, and in which the anguish seems to utter itself in gasps and sobs, could only have been written, we submit, by one who had "learned in suffering what he taught in song." As to the autobiographical character of the sonnets there can be little controversy ; and they are full of remorseful allusions to early indiscretions. It ia only consonant with all experience to suppose that this handsome young fellow-ardent, witty, and imagina- tive-suddenly flung into the midst of a populous and luxurious city, spent some "mad days,"liko Justice Shallow ; frequently heard the midnight chimes at the Boar's Head in Eastcheap, and had often crushed a cup of sack in company with " Master Bar dolph and all the cavileroes about London." But, as the thick and mawkish must, by fer- mentation, is transformed into clear and wholesome wine, so Shakspeare's mind, like that of Prince Henry, cast down-while undergoing a similar process--as a aedi mentary deposit, the follies of his youth, and gained strength, sonndneas, and clarity by the transition. In fact, a character like that of Falstaff's royal companion could only have been depicted, as Professor Oervinus has justly remarked, " by the poet from the ex periences of his own life and being," And, therefore, we venture to believe that the apology which he causes the Earl of Warwick to offer for the young Prince was designed as a plea in extenuation of the foibles, frail- ties, and follies of Shakspeare's youth, and of the graceless company he had once fre- quented. " My gracious lord," observes the Earl, " You look beyond him quite ; The prince but studies his companion, Like a strange tongue; wherein, to galn tho language, 'Tis needful that tho most immodest word Be look'd upon and learn'd ; which once attained, Your highness knows, comes to no further use But to be known and hated. So, lUke gross terms, The prince will, In tho perfectness of time, Cast off his followers ; and their memory Shall as a pattern or a measure live. By which his grace must mete the lives of others; Turning past evils to advantage." And, surely, no poet ever turned past evils to such advantages, as a literary artist, as Shakspeare did. No Englishman, American, or German, knows any hostelry in the world so well as that which was kept by Dame Quickly ; and the very waiter is as familiar to us as if his "Anon, anon, sir," were still ringing in our ears. Although Shakspeare's is one of the most meagre biographies in the English language, there is no poet of that period so frequently spoken of by his contemporaries-by one or two in envy and depreciation, and by the rest in cordial admiration. His celebrity as a dramatist is testified to both by friends and enemies. In the "Tears of the Muses," Spenser speaks of him as "our pleasant Willy." Chettle, a jealous playwright, sneers at him in this way:-"There is an upstart crow, beautified with our feathers, that supposes he is as well able to bombast out a blank verse as the best of you ; and, being an absolute Johannes Factotum (a signifi- cant tribute to the dramatist's versatility), is, in his own conceit, the only Shake-scene in a country." This, as Sir Frederick Blount says, is " vewy poor wit, vewy ;" and Chettle had the good sense to retract the spitefal libel three months afterwards, when he wrote of Shakspeare, in this wise :-" I am as sorry as if the original fault had been my fault ; because myself have seen his demeanour no less civil, than he excellent, in the quality he professes. Besides, divers of worship have reported his uprightness of dealing, which argues his honesty ; and his facetious grace in writing, that approves his art." In 1597 " Romeo and Juliet," " Richard the Second," "Richard the Third," and the first part of "Henry the Fourth," were printed' and published—anonymously, it is true; but that Shakspeare was already looked upon as one of the foremost poets and dramatists of the day is clearly proved by the fact that in tho " Palladia Tamia," or " Wit's Treasury," by Francis Meres, M.A., pub- lished in that same year, the writer, who was a clergyman, introduces "A Com- parative Discourse of our English Poets with' the Greek, Latin, and Italian Poets," in which, among living or recently de- ceased writers entitled to take rank as the most eminent masters of the English tongue Shakspeare is mentioned five several times as one of the ornaments of our national literature ; and he is then specially referred to as one of the best lyric poets, the best tragic dramatists, the best comic dramatists, and the best elegiac poets, that England has produced. Surely those ingenious persons who profess to believe that Bacon or Raleigh was the author of his dramas, must have omitted to make themselves ac- quainted with the literature of that period. Meres, after enumerating the great writers of Greece and Rome, goes on to speak of our national dramatist as having "mightily enriched and gorgeously invested" the Eng- lish language "in rare ornaments and re- splendent habiliments ;" adding, "As the soul of Euphorbus was thought to live in Pythagoras, so the sweet witty soul of Ovid lives in mellifluous and honey-tongued Shakspeare; witness his ' Venus and Adonis,' his ' Lucrece,' his sugared sonnets among his private friends, &c.; As Plautus and Seneca are accounted the best for comedy and tragedy among the Latins, so Shaks peare among the English is the most excel- lent in both kinds for the stage." In proof of this, Meres cites six of his comedies, and six of his tragedies, and proceeds, "As Epius Stolo said that the Muses would speak Plautus's tongue, if they would speak Latin, so I say that the Muses would speak with Shakspeare's fine-filed phrase if they would speak English." Thus, then, the dramatist, who was then only 34, and who had not yet given to the wotld the four great pillars of his fame, "Hamlet," "Lear," "Othello," and " Mac beth," was recognised as the Plautus and the Seneca of his age, while it is important to observe that only four or five of the plays specified by Meres had been published, and these anonymously, so that Shakspeare's authorship of them must have been the sub ject of common talk. The first play whiah bore his name upon the title-page was "Love's Labour Lost," printed in 1598, and Cuthbert Burby, the publisher of it, was also publisher of Meres' book. But not only was Shakspeare famous at this time-he was also making money. The year before he had given £6O (equivalent to £400 now) for part of the property known as New-place, at Strat ford ; and in the year following, when an in- ventory was taken of the reserveof corn in that town, in view of an apprehended scarcity, our prudent poet waa found to ba one of thoae who had laid in the largest stock-80 bushels -in his own ward. It was in 1C93, too, that Richard Quyney applied to him for a loan of £30, upon personal security, but with what result does not appear. The inforonce in that Shakspeare was "not to be had." As an additional testimony to Shakspeare's celebrity as a dramatic author, we may men- tion that in this same year appeared Richard Barnefield's " Poems iu Divers Humours," in which the writer thus predicts the immor- tality of the dramatist :— " And Shakespeare, thou whose hony-flowing vaine (Pleasing the world) thy praises doth obtaine, Whose Venus and whose Lucrece (sweete and chaste) Thy name in fame's immortall booke hath plac't, Live over you, at least in fame live ever ; Well may the bodye dye, but fame dies never !" In 1599 YWeever published his epigrams, one cf which waa addraaaad Ad Qu'.telmum Shakespeare, and began, " Honie-tongued Shakespeare." According to the eulogist none but Apollo could have been the parent of "Venus and Adonis," "Lucrece," ''Romeo and Juliet," "Richard,"and many more, whose "sugred tongues and power-attractive beauty say they are saints ;" and Weaver adjures the dramatist to continue to woo the muse. The same year witnessed the publication of a second edition of " Romeo and Juliet" and of "Henry the Fourth," the words, "newly corrected by William Shakespeare," being now added to the title- page of the latter. In 1600, as many as nine of the plays were printed, and all of them, with one exception, having their author's name upon the title- page ; while the popularity of the "first heirs of his invention" is attested by the fact that a third edition of both " Venus and Adonis" and of " Lucrece," was issued this year. It was in 1600, also, that Robert Allot, a London bookseller, published a com- pilation of elegant extracts, entitled " Eng- land's Parnassus, or the Choysest Flowers of our Moderne Poets," containing as many as 90 distinct quotations from Shakspeare. Two other works of similar character were brought out in the same year ; the one called " Belvedere, or the Garden of the Muses ;'' and the other "England's Helicon," In each there are evidences of the very high estimation in which Shakespeare was held by his contemporaries ; and a curious proof of his popularity with the groundlings is afforded by a ballad which appeared on the death of Queen Elizabeth in 1603, for the writer says :— " You poets all, brave Shakespeare, Jonson, Greene, Bestow your time to write for England's Queen." But the dramatist, who probably thought that a live dog was more worthy of regard than a dead lioness, declined to bestow his time upon elegaic poetry, and this seems to have been considered rather ungrateful on his part by Chettle, who wrote as follows in "Eng- land's Mourning Garment," 1603 : " Nor doth the silver-tongued Melicent Drop from his honied muse one sable teare To mourne her death that graced his desert, And to his laies opened her royall eare. Shepheard, remember our Elizabeth And sing her rape, done by that Tarquin, Death.' Buring the reign of the late Queen, Shaks peare's company of players had been known as " the Lord Chamberlain's servants ;" but the royal slobberer, her successor, caused a warrant to be issued in favour of Laurence Fletcher, William Shakapeare, and seven others, authorising them as " His Majesty's servants," to perform freely in the Globe Theatre in London, and in other theatres and town-halls throughout the kingdom. The dramatist was, at this time, a man of so much consideration, that to be ac- quainted with him was considered to be a guarantee of respectability and credit, for among the papers preserved in Dulwich Col- lege is a letter from Mrs, Alleyn, the wife of its founder, who writes on the 20th of Octo- ber, 1603 :-' ' Aboute a weeke agoe there came a youthe, who said he was Mr. Francis Chaloner, who would have borrowed £10 to have bought things for . . . and said he was known unto you and Mr. Shakespeare, of the Globe; who came . . . and he knew hym not, onely he heard of hym that he was a rogue . . , so he was glade, and we did not lend hym the monney." The first edition of "Hamlet," surreptitiously pub lished in 1603, appeared as the work of Wil- liam Shakespeare. There is strong presump- tive evidence that he applied for the post of Master of the Court Revels in 1604, and that be waa not appointed because, in the words of the poet Daniel, who obtained the honour- able and lucrative billet, "being the authour of playes now daylie presented on the public stages of London, and the possessor of no small guinea, and moreover himselfe an actor in the King's companie of comedians . . . he would sometimes be asked to approve and allow of his owne writings " And it was no doubt to this incident that Davies referred in an epigram publiahed in 1607, which is as follows :— " To our English Terence, Mr. Will Shakespeare, Some say, good Will, which I in sport do sing, Hadst thou not plaid some kingly parts in sport Thou hadst bin a companion for a king. And beene a king among the meaner sort Some others raile ; but, raile as they thinke fit, Thou hast no rayling, but a reigning wit ; And honesty thou sow'st, which they do reape So to increase their stocke, which they do keepe.'' Any attentive reader of the sonnets will be familiar with the fact that Shakspeare winced under the social disability imposed upon him by his calling as a player, and which is so pointedly referred to by Davies. One of these sonnets begins— " Alas ! 'tis true, I have gone here and there And made myself a motley to the view." And in that which immediately follows the poet writes— " O, for my sake, do you with fortune chide The guilty goddess of my harmful deeds, That did not better for my life provide Than public means, which public manners breeds ; Then comes it that my name receives a brand, And almost thence my nature is subdued, To what it works in, like the dyer's hand." For the poet was very proud, as well as "sweet" and "gentle ;" and he was by no means unconscious that his works would last as long as the English language. In proof of which, we may refer to the following striking lines in the 18 th sonnet : - " So long as men can breathe, or eyes can see, So long lives this, and this gives life to thee." And again " Yet, do thy worst, old Time, despite thy wrong, Thy love shall in my verse live ever young." Of other evidence concerning the immense celebrity acquired by Shakspeare during his lifetime, we have not space to quote more than the following extracts from "The Ghost of Richard the Third," and "Rulbe and a great Cast;" both of which were pub- lished in 1614 In the first of these the royal hunchback thus speaks of the dra- matist : " To him that impt my fame with Clio's quill, Whose magick rais'd me from oblivion's den, That writ my storie on the muses' hill, And with my notions dignified his pen ; He that from Helicon sends many a rill, Whose nectared veines are drunk by thirstie men ; Crowned be his stile with fame,his head with bayes ; And none detract but gratulate his praise." In the second, written by "Thomas Free- man, gent.," a hint is given of the way in which Shakspeare's contemporaries pilfered from him. The lines run thus :— TO MASTER W. SHAKSPEARE Shakspeare, that nimble mercury, thy braine Lulls many hundred Argus eyes asleep ; So fit for all thou fashionest thy vaine. Besides, in plaies thy wit windes like Meander, Whence needy new composers borrow more Than Terence doth from Plautus or Menander. But to praise thee aright I want thy store Then let thine owne works thine owne worth upraise, And help t' adorn thee with deserved baies. Now to suppose that an actor and a dramatist who stood for so many years in the full glare of publicity, in a city which then teemed with men of genius—men with whom he was holding wit combats in the evening at the Mermaid Tavern, where Sir Walter Raleigh had established a convivial club, which included Ben Jonson, Beaumont and Fletcher, Selden, Cotton, Carew, Martin, Donne, and others, was not the author of the poems and dramas which bear the name of William Shakspeare, is to assume that he was the greatest and most successlut impostor that ever lived. It involves the exfruvugaut hypothesis that the whole of his contuiporaries and eulo gists were conttmptiblo dupes and arrant fools ; that hIs co-partners in the Globe Theatre, the play-actors, copyists, and printers concerned in the production of his works were engaged in a conspiracy to de- ceive the public, without any conceivable reason; that not one of them ever divulged the secret of tho fraud to which they were privy ; that Shakspeare's life, from 1593 to 1616 was one consistent and continuous lie ; and that he accepted immense fame and acquired a handsome for tune withont the slightest title to either. Surely such a theory as this is too prepos- terous for entertainment; and the ingenuity which exercises itself in writing a book like that of Mr. Nathaniel Holmes, or in the pre paration of a pamphlet like that entitled "Sir Walter Raleigh the author of Shak speare's Plays and Sonnets," is sadly mis applied. May we not fitly say of the dramatist what Churchill causes him to exclaim of his greatest interpreter :— " If manly sense. If nature link'd with art ; If thorough knowledge of the human heart ; If powers of "vision" vast and unconfined ; If fewest faults with greatest beauties joined ; If feelings which few hearts, like his, can know, And which no "pen" so well as his can show, Deserve tho preference;—Shakspeare ! take the chair, Nor quit it—till thou place an equal there." 