GENERAL EXTRACTS, How a Reoent Candidate Treated :HIS;]?riend.—One of tbo candidatesat tho rocent oleotion met one of" bis friends at an hotel in Cooma-street, Yass, a day or two before the nomination took place, and saluted him in his usual style, with "Well, . how are you ?" He then asked him ; to have a drink, and to bring his .-.'.'friend,- a stranger standing by, with him. His friend replied, "TbiB gentle man is no friend of mine." "Ah, well, it doesn't matter, said the eandi date, " bring him in too." The trio « went into the bar, the candidate called j.for the three drinks and than he ! should treat the pub., also. After the ■ drinks were obtained, the would-be " member began to search his pockets, and exolaimed, with disgust to himself, that' he left home without any silver. He then turned to his friend, saying, "You have 2s. in your pookot, haven't ; .you," when it turned out that tho friend had also left home without any silver. " Well, never mind," said the candi date, "I'll lay ten to one the stranger has." Tho Btranger quickly responded, by saying, " Ob, yes, sir, I have two • shillings you can have," and forthwith ■ handed oat tho required sum to pay ■ for the drinks. The candidate, upon getting the two shillings, thought it would have been very strange if he could not get Bomo one to stick to him, and begau turning tbe two shillings over in his bands, keeping np at the same time a constant string of conver sation on the coming event, whioh ho . concluded by tossing tbo two shillings into his pocket, saying to tho pub., • " That makes seven I owe you, Bill.,' " And two yoa owe me," quickly added the stranger. The candidate blushed, and did not spout politics any more until he got to the next house. Gratitude.—An instance of gratitude is related in a Loudon journal :— 1 During tho attack oil tho Duppol trenches a Danish officer waB severely wounded, but aB tho Prussians advanced hp fired his revolver at them, and was just about having his brains blown out by one of tho exasperated soldiers when bis life was saved by tho inter position of another, who afterwards returned to tho spot and carried hiin to tho hospital. His rescuer was a poor carpeuter of Berlin. Tho other day this carpeutor received a letter from tho officer in quostion, saying that, as his wifo and chil.i wore dead, and ho himself at tho point of death, he could do no bettor than leavo his little property to his benefactor. This lettor was accompanied by one from the officer's solicitor, informing him that he could draw his legacy—3500 crowns at any moment. ' Sbeiods Afi'hat at Parramatta.—A fortunately rare' instance of popalnr angor occurred after the last race at Parramatta. From information supplied by an oye-witncss, it appears that n mnn who arrived in the colony about a month since made an attempt to play the! part of a bookmaker. Unfortu. nately he laid odds on the wrong horses, and, of course lost.^ After the Inst race ho declared his inability to pav in cash, - but offered, cheques. These were refused by the winners, who became somewhat excited. The principal in the transaction and two or three of his comrades entered a public vehicle, hoping by this moons to oscapo molostation. A crowd, howover, had by this time gathered round the vehicle, and many persons took up the caso warmly in support of those to whom the stnkos were duo, and a general sortie was made upon the occupants of tho carriuge by about thirty or forty persons. Tho unfor tunate sporting man was severely handled, and thrown head-foremost out of the vohiclo, and then a number of roughs set upon and kicked him. At this conjuncture tho police came up and pnt an end to tho disturbance. When tho person who had rendered himeolf so obnoxious was picked up it was found that, in addition to being severely bruised, he bad had three or four of his ribs broken. He was taken to the hospital, where he was still lvin"-, when our informant left, in a precarious state. Ilis comrades retired to their hotel; but public curiosity or animosity proving too strong, they had to boat a retreat under cover of night. A Smart Rejoinder.—Nothing is more difficult to fence than the wit of a Scotch divine. It seldom fulls upon its antbor, as Irish wit almost invaria bly does, but is usually directed againBt an adversary, whom it generally floors. An instance of its effect wasvory maui. j feBt during a discussion in tho Presby terian Assombly on tbo laying on ol hands in regard to ministers received into the Presbyterian Church from other denominations. Dr. Geekie, of Bathurst, in a vory neat speech, ad vocated the continuanco of tho practice as being warranted by Scripture, and as having a decorous and impressive character, A youthful divine, appar ently hailing from the " sister isle," at tempted to floor tho venerable doctor by attributing to hira tbo assertion that laying on of hands conferred com mon sense onthose who underwent the operation. Dr. Geekie promply denied haying made such a remark, and ex plained in pretty broad Scotch that what lie really said was "that he re gretted it had not done so in regard to some,of the membersofthe assembly." The recoil on tho head of the young divine was very complete, and the pro ceedings of the assembly were interrup ted for .several minutas by the laughter that followed the doctor's explanation. A Warning.—The following sen tence, an ndyertisoment jn the--Ilra, headed, "A Warning to Receivers of Stolen Goods," lias boon pointed out to the Examiner as the most; perfectly; unique sentence in English literature —" Whother'or~ not "the iLoseos of Pro vincial Th'oatres," who entertain Travel ling Tbievos, and share tho plunder from their piratical Pieces, can at preseut bo sued for penalties, they can certainly be restrained by, Injunction, at a heavy cost to tbeimselves ; and this course will be taken by me against any ilessee who;" on any'-pretence or allegation whatever, except mjr con sent, sought from me! by' binv and given by me to him, shall allow ' Masks and ; -Faces,'-. or. ' Never, /Too - Late to Mend,' ' or ' Better Ijato Than Never,' or any other Piracy, diroct or colourable, of any Drama of 'mine, to bo ployed in his Theatre, he dividing tho booty with the Vagabonds s who; carry Stolen or Piratical Plays about for sale ; and this Advertisement' will be made part of my caBO on application to the Court." J:' Incidents or a Railway Accident.— It is stated in an American journal that Miss Jennie Frost, of council Bluffs, Iowa, who had a marvellous escape from the train that was wrecked on the Bock Island Railroad, relates that one woman heroically rescued her six children, and then went to the aid of other sufferers, while another lady was terribly exercisedover the loss of her satchel, and could think of nothing else. One lady, who was in agony from a broken wrist'and a compound fracture of one of ber legs, would not oonsent to have morphine injected into her arm because she feared it might hurt her. Another lady who was severely injured was offered a glass of brandy, but refused to swallow it, stating that she was a strict temper ance woman, and meant to stand by her priuoiples, if she died in the at tempt. A little child olnng to a wind oivsill and kept her head above the surging waters untill she was saved. A little girl lay for four hours with only her face out of water, the corpse of a large man being stretched across her little body. It was supposed that she too was dead, but a man who was "chopping out " tho wounded thought he saw the little one's lips tremble. Sho was taken out, covered with blood, her little stockings as red as if they had boon dyed, and in a few hours she was as lively as a cricket, asking if anybody had seen her doll. Stage Absurdities in the Last Cen tury.— Before Garrick's time the audience could not only obtain ad mission behind the 6cenes by the simple payment of money at tlio stage door, but they sat upon the stage during the performance, spoke as loud as tho actors, conversed across them to each other, and got up and walked about as their conveniences prompted them. When the villian of a play muttered, " I am alone !" one of the. fops lounging on tho stage would request a pinch of snuff from a friend ; and, as Iachino rose from tho chest iu Iinogeuo's chamber, a swarm of cravalted, wide-skirted beaux would sit and stand iu his immediate neigh bourhood. Othello smothered Dos demona iu tho presence of some twenty critical gotitlomen ; and tho ghost of Hauilot's futhor, after imparting the seciot of his doath to a small crowd, threaded his way off atnoug tho chairs, with tho apologios for incommoding them. Garrick reformed this absurd state of affairs. Interruption to the Cable.—Wo (S. M. Herald) understand from Mr. Grigor Taylor, tho representative of tho Eastern Extension 'holograph Com pany, that on the Cth instant tho steamer Edinburgh was engaged on tho Ponaug sootion , of the cable rq. moving some faults. Those fruits had joou removed, wbou information was received in Sydney to ibo offecfc that the cable between Port Darwin and Banjoewangi bad broken. At this time the Edinburgh would bo on her way to Port Darwin, on arrival at which place alio wonld learn of the fault on the Darwin- Bnnjoewangi lino, and most probably woald at onco procoed to repair the break. In that case there will bo no necessity to dispatch the steamor Agnes. Unfor tunately there appears to be an interruption on tbo overland line, so that it is impossible to learn anything with regard to what is taking place either at Port Darwin or further north. It is hoped, however, that tbo inter ruption will not bo of long duration. It has singularly enough happened that interruptions have generally occurred just at the momeufc when European news became most exciting, and just when some important ovent appeared to bo coming to an issue. One of our last cablegrams informed us that the Russians had completely invested Plevna, that supplies to Osman Pasha's army bad been stopped, and that tbo garrison bad been reduced to groat extremity. The same message also informed us of the resignation of tbo French Ministry, an evonfc of no small importance, the sequel to which is being looked for with considerable interest. - Here aro some Turkish proverbs, which are interesting and character stic:—The word which you retain is your slave; that which escapes you is your master. He whosowsovil gathers remorse. He who increases bis family multiplies his troubles. If you lie, at least preserve your memory. Envy is an illness which is incurable. A stone given by the band of a friend is as good as an apple. Return good for good ; he who commences is the more gener ous. Return evil for evil; he who com; mences is the more unjust. He won has ambition has property for com panion. Be a rival, but not envious. 