&tum.; WA-LIiAKOO, WED^SDAY/NOVEBIBER 21, 1877. It would appear that, after all, the labours of the Select Committee appointed to enquire into the system of immigration into thlaprovinee^have been, as xegards some members, wasted on the desert air. The Committee sat altogether for over I thirty days, examined representative' witnesses of all classes and grades of society and professional men,. as well as two gentlemen specially appointed to travel through England and Scotland to diffuse information about the colony, and finally turned out a leugthy and somewhat minute report, flanked by the voluminous evidence of thewitnesses that had been examined. This report was laid on the table of the House and, after a lengthy debate, in which it was freely criticised, its main points were formally adopted by a majority. Tn addition to this sufficient time Has: now elapsed to allow the Government to act upon some of its suggestions. All things considered it might not unreason ably hare been supposed that the matter was concluded, so far as the present Par liament was concerned. It. might hart been imagined that,the policy of the As sembly on the' (question of immigration was accurately defined in the report, and that all points turning upon it were definitely settled. But a recent debate shows that nothing has been settled at all in the eyes of the an^-immigrationiscs. The expense entailed by .the Select Com mittee, to say nothingoflossof time and trouble, has all gone for nothing as far as such members are concerned, and we find them now raising their well worn • ** objections to-immigration in any form, and parading borrowed platitudes in support of their views as calmly as if the scheme had only just been thought of, and the' whole question were being de bated for the first time within the walls ♦dfihe South Australian Parliament. The j&maliest; reference to the subject suffices theia as a peg to bang their views upon. Tbus on Thursday last when the item of £80,000 on the Estimates for immigra tion came under consideration, the whole question was reviewed. The old cries were raised of the folly of Government immigration, whether freo or assisted, of the iuadvisability of importing labour without capital, and so on. -And of coarse the immigrants were not spared in these remarks. As a class they are bad and we are bringing out " men who bill their wives, pick pockets, and other sweeping of England." It is not our intention to refer once more to this latter point, inasmuch as we have frequently given attention to it in these columns, and have demonstrated con clusively from reliable official returns that these denunciations are wholly and •entirely unfounded. The extra piece of abuse about " men who kill their wives" is of course founded upon a ease which occurred some months ago. It is immaterial that it is but one solitary individual case. It is quite sufficient ground for Mr Coglin, and is in itself a striking instance of the slender basis upon which similar condemnation of hun dreds of innocent people is built up. The provision made in the Estimates which, by the way, is a very moderate sum, is not only needed to cover future expenses, but about half of it is already forestalled and will have to be paid over shortly to defray the passage of the immigrants now on the water. For these reasons alone there seems to be no valid ground upon which to raise any objection to the item. And it was clearly shown that the Government have accommodated themselves to the suggestions of the Select Committee as far as possible That is they, hare given full instructions on all points to the Agent-Greneral, and arrangements will be made for the arrival of short ships during the winter months. But of course it is very easy to under stand how it is that these facts have absolutely no weight with anti-immigra tionists. A general election is close at hand, and the suppression of immigration is, we regret to say, a good cry to go to the country. It has not yet prevailed however, and we do not believe it ever will -until there is a sufficiently large population in the colony. But & question was brought up in the debate that is at least worthy of some consideration. It is argued that in the present depressed state of trade, and ! more particularly of mining industry, it would be extremely unwise to introduce more population to weaken a labor mar ket already overcrowded. Mr Rees puts it that in & stationary position of a coun try it is folly to interfere except to better it, which he evidently considers will not be effected at the present time by the introduction ot immigrants. The question thus raised is certainly one of some moment, but to consider it fairly it is necessary to fie© to whst extent the Grovernment propose to inereasejfee popu lation by immigration during the present year. From Mr Playford's statement it ap pears that the item of £80,000 will cover the expense of bringing out6000 persons of whom 4,500 adults. Uf tljeae nave already arrived, and there are X377 now on the water. The latter are expected to arrive as follows.-—November 714-; jDecember, 313; and January, 350. About half the vote will then have been absorbed, and Mr Play ford stated that the Government do not propose to intro duce immigrants in June and July, and OtO^sibly not in August. From t^is it is 1 quite dear that the labour market will not be unduly rushed during the next .few months. The immigrants that have been landed during the year have been ; absorbed, and the labor market has not suffered. The depression in mining is , certainly a matter for serious considera-; tion, affecting aa it, does almost one-sixth of the population. But to a great extent those lately out of employ have been absorbed, and a rise in the price of eop. per will c&ttse; matters to revert to their normal condition. In all other industries and trades activity |g reported and. a large demand. Everywhere farmers are in want of labor, and this waffifc $.§ flfie that increases as the land becomes mops • settled upon. After a good harvest, guch as is nosr looked forward to, it is reason able to conclude that agricultural opera tions wiil extend, and that a good deal of land will be taken up. 'The?# jjs a farther reason for the introduction of hboy. A iarge number of public works are now beiug proceeded with, and very shortly more will be commenced, amongst them some important lines of railway. To meet all these slants there is cer tainly not sufficient J&bor; in the colony, and it may even be qiiQgtioned whether the .Government are making adequate arrangements. This, however, is a matter in which it is better to err on the right side. All things considered there is absolutely no reason now to object to the Government policy, and we trust after all the time and attention the House has devoted to the sub ject, no alteration will be made in it. I [Since writing the above we learn by telegraph that the item has been passed.] "From: the Sydney papers we notice tliat Eng lish cholera is rife amongst tbe mininig population in and around Newcastle. Several | deaths have occurred, aud tbe disease is at tributed to drinking bad water. A corres pondent of the Sydneij Mail says :—" Euglish cholera, as it is called, has come amongst us very suddenly. John Sarah, a miner, residing at Wickhaui, came home from his work on ! Saturday, when he was seized vrijh an attack almost as severe as Asiatic cholera. He iiu- j gered to about 2 o'clock on Sunday momin;;, I when be expired. Deceased was buried the same afternoon in the Pros by teriau cemetery. He was a man of ' very steidy habits Another ease of a ' similar description occurred to the daughter of Mr Spinks, of Waratah, but not quite so suddenly ;• and a third case of tho same disease look off a miner residing at 1 Adamstowu." Here we have at haau a practical illustration of one of the many'evils that may result from the consuuiu tion of impure water. In a recent issae we referred to an important report on this -sub j ject presented to the Kadina Corporation by j Mr William Ey, which explains sufficiently ! the importance of paying attention to this mat- ] I t6r. And a further warning may well be taken J from the story that reaches us from New-' castle. Asiatic cholera, aud we believe Jing- j j lish cholera also, is often brought on by drihking impure water, especially that water ! which, remains as it were staguant lor any ! length of time. It is not a matter to be passed over ligutij' or to oe ridiculed because up to | the present time no very serious results have j manifested themselves. Ifc is a matter of some ! surprise to us that the residents on the Pea- I insula have not as yet tafceu up the ivhole question of a permanent water supply. This is not one to *vhich we would have referred i now, had it not been for the fact that a good j opportunity now presents itself for bringing j up the question before the Government. The I wellknown^hydraulic engineer, Mr W. Clark, who has recently been reporting on similar j matters in the other colonies, and, amongst other places, 'at Newcastle, is j now in Adelaide, where he has come as our readers are aware, to report, on a drainage system. It might be that if urged, the Government would secure his services to report on the water supply for the Pen insula. The matter has been taken up by successive Governments, and able and ex> j I haustive reports haye been furnished by ' ' officers undoubtedly competent. But for I all that the Government have shelved the question time after .time. Some schemes have been regarded infeasible, others too cos tly. The only result up to the present time is ; that a distil ordered by Mr Colton is now some where oti the water, unless, which is pro bable, it ias been countermanded since. The question one wiich must be dealt with sooner or later, and the presence of Mr Clark in the colony affords a good oppor tunity which may not occur again. It has frequently been asserted that the population on the Peninsula, being principally a mining one, is too uncertain and fluctuating to warrant a very large expenditure. This argu- : meat is one . that loses its force day - day, • as argicultiirai pahsuita spread -j and apart from the mining popu lation, there are numbers of people who -are as definitely settled as any in other districts in the colony. We are, aware that after the late drought had been chased away, people returned to their old careless ways, j and lost all interest in the water question. We trust, however, that dast experience has taught them to be wiser in this respect when they are called upon. Even if the Govern ment do not utilise Mr Clarke's report at present, or even for some time to come, it would be as well to get it, and then there would always be at hand a reliable and authoritative opinion, which would prove of the utmost value in time of need. The ex pense of procuring it now would be compara tively little, whilst hereafter it might be un attainable except at an almost unjustifiable expense. We should be glad to see action taken in this matter. It does not at present appear tbat either the Northern Territory or South Australia is likely to derive much benefit from the cur sory attention tbat the Assembly is now giving to the question of developing the former. The debate on this question was resumed in the House after the lapse of a month on Wednesday last, only to he ad journed again, aud there are no imiicutions that anything will result from this considera tion of the subject. Members of P:iriia:t»ent appear to prefer to .discourse upon the ' natural wealth of this portion of South Aus tralia than to discuss any practical scheme for i{:s utilization. Mr Ward suggests that a railway gljould be constructed from Port Darwin to the reef country, dwelling, in support of his propositjou upon the richness of that country. To this the G-orernraent make a very practical answer. It v;-ogld not, they contend, be a wise plan to borrow xponey to construct railways as an induce ment to population in that territory, and es pecially to attract only a fluctuating gold dig ging community. When the land is settled upon by a working population, and yields a revenue from which the money borrowed to mg&e; ja line can be repaid, then it wiJi be a . wise and pfop§r thing to construct rail nays, and not, before. This,no doubt, is a perfect ly cogent and sensible argument. We may remined our readers that in a recent issue we raised this very point in treating .cf the subject. The money expended on the jN or ihern Territory already from the South Aus revenue is a sufficiently great expense. Wop 4&e; direct purpose of bringing population which wilj (culjtiy$te the land a furtlier ex* penditare is no dgubt sijo^yable, just on the principle thai actuate? 9 b^^ejr $'ho advances a debtor monies to carry hiiq 09 w^th » view to securing himself, J>ot to eypcncl n^ney on railways which may oot bring about a settlement of the country is fsp too apepur Jative a venture for so young a country as j§>o#tfr Australia to enter npon. Whilst we ap prMg fit ,$tp JJIyth'sviewa thus far, we must talcs e%eepfi<)8 to feifl yery extraordinary re mark tbgt the ^optheFf) Territory is not an annual and permanent £ppn the revenue of South Australia because wp ape living on borrowed money, and a most cajrefi^ ledger account is being kept so that the 4eb* o>ie j by the Northern Territory may be boovj*q hereafter. This very childish remark might be £9 the point if money was obtainable tree of interest. The fact is that tbe Territory is a drag upon the revenue instead of being an assistance to it,#jp4 it is allowed to remain .so without the smallest practical attempt being made to alter this state of affairs. Outside and indeed inside the colony very little is known of this territory, and tjios there can be no hope that capitalists ■■Vsrill' take it in band. We can well understand that the Government hesitetes to spend much money e ven on the introduction of population, but there are other-and inexpensive efforts they might and should make. Money is now beiug spent on experimental farming, and bonuses are being offered to promote various Industries in South Australia, and the same principle migtit well be extended to the Nor thern Territory. One of the most remuner ative tropical products is indigo, and it is of all except rice the easiest of cultivation. If the Government were to establish an Indigo Factory on a small scale, and import a few Coolies and practical European planters, there is little doubt that j the results would not only repay the original expenditure, but direct the attention of capi talists to the Northern Territory. A. few hundred pounds of Northern Territory indigo sent into the London markets would be pro ductive of much greater benefit than all the lectures :md pamphets in the world. If tiu' Government would take some such practical step as this instead of calling the question up every year as a sort of ghost to be imnvii Oiately laid, there is little doubt thin the future of this fertile tract of land would be assured. The little town of Greenock will hcncefor ' ward be inseparably connected with atouciiin^ incident in the life of that versatile politician, Mr Ebenezor Ward. The occasion was .he ceremony of laying the foundation stone of , the new public school to be erected in that township, which was performed by Mr Wsrd. But ^ very passing reference was mado to I political matters. Mr Ward vouchsafed the I information that upon entering a political , life, he had laid out for himself a certain i course of action to which he had adhered j [ ever since. As he did not proceed to srate | what particular coarse tliis might be, we are ; not in a position to comment upon it, but! those wh6 have followed Mr Ward's career i will agree with us that, despite his virtuous j resolutions, it is one that has been rough- 1 hewed considerably by circuajs:ances. j Turningto aniorecongenialsubject., Mr Ward remarked that it was the grandest walk in life to be a tiller of the soil. It gave more : iime for reflection than any other occupation.; fie remembered that when he was on his ' uncle's farm following the plough, he had j composed many apiece of poetry which he ! b^ad still in his possession. Ho looked upon j farmers as having the dest in v of the colony J in their hands. There is something indes cribably touching about these reriiarks. It; is a refreshing sight thus to see Mr Ward : rise above all mundane considerations and soar into regions of innocence and happiness far from the busy hum of men engaged in mercenary pursuits. It is not the manual labour entailed by farming pursuits that Mr Ward prizes. It is the opportunity that they afford for communing silently with nature, and for calm reflection With one hand on the plough, the destiny of the colony in the other, and his eyes drinking in the granduer of nature's handiwork, the agriculturist can muse and moralise regard* less of the sfcrauhtucss of his furrow; musings only to be broken in upon occasionally by the necessity of turning. round or urging on a lazy horse. Unfor tunately so leng as human nature is unchanged there are but few who can entirely shake off the more painful reminiscences of their contact with the outer world. It is afore than questionable whether the shadow of but recent political defeat*, of iniquitous Press misrepresentations, of gibbettings, of down-trodden electors and orer-ndden con stitutions will not cast themselves across Mr Ward's trains of purer thought. But even from tbisgocd may issue. Alone in solitude, and face to face with his own conscience this political YVapstraw may recognise that even lie has those little failings to which erring humanity is prone. It may be that after this chrysalis-like retirement Mr Ward will emerge with changed views, a statesman in tue purest sense or the term and one against whom not even tbe breath of scandal can be j directed- The mental struggle would , be erritable, but tbe result would repay for all. It is much to be regretted that Mr Ward has not given his poetic effusions to the publisher. Ardent lovers of poetry know how the gradual formation of the poet's character can be tracked in his works. His first productions are stamped with boyish innocence, ignorance of the wicked ways of the world, the flesh, and the devil; and freshness of thought. In these can be discerned his true nature. And as year.-; thicken upon him, a stern coloring of his experiences of the battle of life extends itself to the poet's works. Taey are more choujiHi'iil yet less natural, and the fresh in nocence which threw so great a charoi around tlicm has fied. Thus if Mr Ward had pub lisbeJ the offspring of his juvenile brain, composed at a time when the political arenaand its my&teries; were to him thiugs unknown, a key to the purer dictates of his nature would have keen afforded us. We should then have ^-en able to realise fully the deteriorating ef fects of political life by contrasting the poetic efforts ot his youthful mind, with |the more :>ros;nc compositions of his later life,and thus to filiate ilte original purity of the mind that ft political life hasdefiled. The Fori Fi-rie Gazette stains fchqj; a journal and job pn'nling ulSu-a ave to fie started at Jamestown , c iriy r.ext year by a S£i" J. B. Collins. Wo le-.vm that Mr F. G-askell, of Kadina, "was placed on the permanent stall of the Telegraph BL'P'-irt'i^eyit 0:1 the 1st August last, notification of which lias but recently reached him. We are requested to d;vect attention to Mr J. Lang's 6ale of household furniture &c.;, to day. Tijp Bale will 'J0 held at Mr McKechnie's house in Goyder-street, H^diila, g,ijd will conjmenee at 2 j o'clock. Full particulars will be found in another i column. A meeting will be held at the Oddfellow's Hall, Kadina, oil Thursday erening November 22, at 7-30 p.m., to consider the financial position of the Qorpfyrg- tigr), and to hear the viewe of intendiug £ai}&4af#§ % muuLcip#} honours. A telegpam frpm Western Austr.qlfo spate# th$t the three hiio^u bqdips seen by thp c^pta^n of jfchp barque Chingalese, off Cape Leijwin, are suppqse^ to have been the crew of file schooner JJopp, which was lost about that time. The prisoner Biicke was sent to Adelaide Jjy the steamer Aldinga, which left Melbourne pi} R£onday, the 19th. On being arrested at Al bury it is stated 1}^ g§ye a false name, but after wards admitted that he was Buck«. A telegram from New Zealand, dated Nor. 17, states that Captain Stukely, sole owner of the barque Emma, and a seaman were washed over .board on the voyage of that vessel from Mauritius to Nelson. I. We learn that Messrs Listen Shakes & Co'a sale ot fat cattle from tho Iiiaweenika Station, Cooper's Creek, held in Messrs Pavnell & Bow man's yards at Wallaroo, on Monday last, November 19, was well attended. The stobk was very good andthe bidding very spirited. The total number of cattle offered for sale were dis posed of at priueB averaging £12. A meeting of the Yorke's Peninsula Regatta Committee will. be bold at the Globe Hotel, Wallaroo, this evening, at half-past eigb t o'clock, w hen, amongst other business, the arrangement of the programme will be taken into consideration. As this matter is of importance it is hoped there will be a large attendance. We regret to record the death of Mr John Graham, of Kttdina, which occurred ac Port Wal'avoo, on Saturday last, November 17. Mr Graham had beeu suffering for a long time, and latterly his iliness was a ve.y painful one. His funeral toot osace on ban Jay, -N ov^mber IS. Mr Graham (who was 6S years of age) was a colonist of 31 years standing, und during the last 16 .years hati boen residing at Kadina, where lie enjoyed a good pmciieo us a veterinary surgeon, his skill in which profession had secured for hi;n some notoriety. A public meeting is to be held at the Institute. Ha1.!, Moonta, this evening at 3 o'clock p.m., to hear the views of the various candidates nomin ated for Couucillorsliipa in that Municipality. In our report of the case of Page v. Chambers, tried at the Moonta Local Court on Friday last, we erroneously described the action as founded on contract, whereas it was an action on the case^ grounded not on contract or breach, but on tort. Ko contract was set up between the parties, the plaintiff's ^case being that he had sustained . damages by defendant's wrongful act. A startling accident oocurred at Mr J. Beaton's house in Wallaroo, on Sunday night laBt. A kero sene lamp which was standing on a table in the kitchen where the seryant was sitting with the baby exploded, suddenly, and spread a sheet of flames over the room. The window blind caught fire, and the wood work was considerably charred. Most of the panes of glass were also more or less cracked. The sound of the explosion attracted a small crowd, and some neighbours kindly lent assistance (Mr Bfeaton being absent) and put out the flames. Fortunately no other injury was done. The cause of the accident is unknovrn; the lamp was standing on the table as usual and had not been interfered with or touched. G-reat complaints reach us of the insufficiency of the jetty accommodation at Ardrossan, which is now developing into an important sea port. At pjesent only rery small craft can come along side, and the coasting steamers can rarely do so. On Thursday last. Nor. 15, an accident occurred which is attributed in a great measure to this. The 8.6. Amy was lying some distance off the jetty discharging her cargo into boats, one of which was capsized and its cargo, some cases of drapery valued at about; £120 (the property of Mr Wedenbach of Maitland) was lost in the sea. We have frequently urged that more police should be stationed in Southern Yorke's Penin sula. On Friday last a case occurred near Ar drossan which illustrates this necessity forcibly. A married lady , the wife of j£r. B. -Wilson, af farmer ~ near Ardrossan, died suddenly from heart disease. It was however impossible to hold the inquest that day, as the nearest Jus tice of the Peace was at Maitland (Mr H Lam shed), 20 miles from Mr Wilson's farm, and the nearest police trooper was at Wallaroo, over .54 miles distant. It is unnecessary to point out the serious results that such a state of affairs may lead to on occasions. It will be seen from the report of the inquest in another column that the Jury have added a rider to their verdict urging the neceessity for appointing a Justice of the Peace at Ardrossan, and for stationing a trooper either at Maitland or Ardrossan. We trust the sug gestion will be attended to by the Government. Anniversary services in connection with the Weeleyan Church, Kadina, were celebrated on Sunday and Monday last, November 18 and 19. On Sunday, the services were conducted by the President of the Conference (Rev. S. Knight) in the morning and evening, and in the afternoon by the Rev. J. Trewin. At each service the at tendance was large, and a number of visitors from Moonta and Moonta Mines and Wallaroo were present. On Monday a public tea was beid in the afternoon, which was well patronised unci iu the evening a public meeting was held, over which Mi* R. W. Bawden presided. The balance-sheet showing the financial position of the church was read, from which it appeared that the income during the year had been £313 Os 6d (including a loan of £100) ; and the expenditure j £3S7 16s 8i, of which £107 was paid "for in terest, aud a loan of £160 paid off. The assets were £60 due for pew reuts, and the iibalities, £1650 for loan due on church, £30 for iuterest, and £74 16s 2d> being a total of £1755 16s 2d; thus leaving the net liabilities at £1695 16s 2d. Addresses were delivered by the Ber. W. Wilson and the President of the Conference (Rev, S, Knight) Mr Knight's discourse was a most eloquent and instruc tive one, The rev gentleman was listened to with the greatest attention throughout, and his address met with high approval from liis audience, who manifested great interest in it. The choir rendered Jackson's service in 3? in a most creditable manner, under the able leadership of Mr F, W, Gurner, who presided at the harmonium. The financial re sults of the anniversary were particularly satisfac tory, the sum realised being £38 18s 4d, The Hev, S, ^night, intuited that Jxo would; pjake a donation of £10 to the church provided the sum of £100 were raised within the week in the district. At the close of the meeting a comprehensive vote of thanks and to the ladies who had presided at the trays, to the Ministers and j others taking part in the services was passed on I the motion of Mr J. J; Christmas, the meetieg being brought to a piogP Bev. Mr Withington j pronouncing the fyeije4i The anniversary service of the Baptist Sabbath School, Moonta, were celebrated on Sunday and Monday last, November 18 and 19. On Sunday the services were conducted, in the morning by the Rev. J. Price, in the afternoon by the Rev. John Lloyd, and in the evening by Mr Wilkinson. On Monday evening a public meeting was held, at which Mr E. H. Derrington presided. Ad dresses were delivered by the Revs Thomas Lloyd, James Rowe, and J. Price. A very satis factory report was read by Mr John Lander, the Secretary. The school children sang several hymns in a most pleasing manner, testifying to the care bestowed upon them by their leader, Mr L L Furner, J,P, Miss Price presided at the Harmonium. The attendance at each service and the meeting was very satisfactory, as were also the proceeds. The children will be enter tained at a pic-nic to-day, which will be held about 3 miles from the town, where the children will be conveyed in the railway trucks. I We have been shown models of two new grabbing ! machines invented by Mr Squibb, of Kadina, ' 'which are .vboth very neat and ingenious. One machine consists of a spur wheel worked bj an endless screw turned by a cross lever at the top, the whole in a light frame on wheels to which the mooring chain is attached. The chain, which is made fast to the stump proposed to be extracted, winds round the axle of the spar. The hauling power is greatly multiplied by this contrivance, and it is .calculated that one man alone can pull up to 5" tons. The machine can however be worked by hand or horse power at will, and u made so as to be easily shifted. It is to be about 2 ft. 6 inches high, and 4 ft. in length, by 2 ft. 6 ins in width. The other machine is somewhat - similar > in principle and even stronger although heavier. In thiB the motive power is a vertical spindle turning a pinion wheel, turned by^ , - a cross lever at the top, working into a horizon tal spur wheel. This can also be worked by hand or horse power, and is oh a movable frame on wheels. In height it will be the fame as tiie other ; in length it will'be 5 feet, and in width about 4 ft. Both appear to be very servicable inventions, and are an improvement upon most machines we have already seen. They hare been registered under the Provisional Patent Act, and we understand Messrs May & Tonkin of the Iron Foundry, Wallaroo, are about to make the castings for the machines, when Mr Sqnibb pur poses to make a pdblic trial of them. A deputation consisting of Messrs E. A. Schroder, J. B. Whitington, W/Blight, J. Bath and GL Chatfield waited upon Mr Thomas Dairies, J.P., at his'office, on Tuesday last, to pie-" sent that gentleman with. a requisition requesting him to allow himself to be nominated as a candi date for the Mayoralty of Wallaroo. • Mr Whit ington presented the requisition, which lie pointed out was signed by So less than 107 ratepayers, whose signatures had been obtained without ' much canvassing. He dwelt- upontheir desire that Mr Davies should yield to their request, and briefly adverted to the general satisfaction his past | services had given. l£r Davies thanked the deput ation, and through them those who had signecl the requisition,'for their expressions of good will. He was not insensible to their, approval of his pastservicesand,whilst he was not greedy ofpublior office, he felt it his duly to do what he cduldYor , the town. In the fiwe of fluch a requisition he would consent to contest the election, and if re turned would use his utmost endeavours to further the interests of the' town." The deputation then thanked Mr Davies and withdrew. • ■ .j_ The case of Iiathlean L&thlean; was*®ppi ceeded with at the Supreme Court on Monday last, November 19, before • Mr Justice Sttnv. On the last day* of^ hearing doubts-had beeti ex-v ■ pressed by the OUii % (W the petitioner i^tunii^ in t^^me house'witii*': respondent after knowledge. MMs adiiltegt i^d not amount to condonation. A. supplementary, affidavit was accordingly put in which set. forth that after Elizabeth Hollis informed the peti tioner of what had transpired betWeeh herself tod the respondent during her absence at Moonta she (the petitioner) remained, in the same house - until she could make arrangements to etay else where, as well as to .seethat therespondentdid not remove her furniture, sewing '.machines, and stock (for which she had paid out of her own earnings), and the effects belonging to her cus tomers. She was apprehensive: that, he .would smash and destroy, them, for lie had threatened that if she commenced proceedings against him for a dissolution of marriage he.would. ■ sell everything in the house; or smash-eveiyr thing to pieces, and deprive, her. of the means' of earning a livelihood. He did carry. out his threat to a certain extent for lie beg&u; to breakup the furniture with an axe} but upon her sending for the police he imme diately deBisted. Whilst she remained in the same house with him she did not cohabit nor even speak with bim, unless he spoke to her first, and then only in a very curt manner. In feet, she scarcely saw him except in the daytime, and he was then usually intoxicated and talking with the servant, or sleeping off the effects" of the drink, or wandering about the streets. Within a few days after the respondent admitted his adulterous behaviour she (the petitioner) made arrangements with a Mrs Pearce, of Kadina, to sleep with her, and accordingly slept in her house from the time the servant Eliza beth Hollis left, with the exception of a night or two during the respondent's absence, until ' the respondent came to where ehe was working v and told her he was going away and would not trouble her any more; During that time she' took a smell houseinKadina and had her furni ture and effects removed to it, leaving behind a bed and npcpssary things for the respondent if he thought proper to use .them; but her sewing maoliine and stock-in-trade as a dress and mantlemaker she left in the workshop and fitting room to the rear of the old house. When the respondent left the district after the service upon him of the petition and citation herein. she moved her furniture and effects back to the old house and lived alone with her son. ' She had pevejr condoled the respondent's adultery nor hie cruelty towards her. His Honor said 'he would consider his verdict. A meeting of the Green's Plains Race Com mittee wae held at the Green's Plains Hotel on Monday evening, November 19, Mr T. Tait be* ing in the chair. A good day's progammer was arranged for New Year's Day, and the prizes in most cases fixed. As will be seen by an adver fjs$meuf jn anqtbqr jiominatiqng for the Elate of £25, and the Publican's purse of £15 must be received by the Honorary Secretary on or before 8 p.m. on Monday next, Moyember 26, Weights will be declared on that day, and will ap pear in our issue of the 28th. The following gentlemen were nominated as stewards, Messrs T.Herbert, A. Couzner, T. Tait, T. Price, B. X£ing,.and M. Dunden. It was also decided to ask Mr C, A. Moody, of Moonta, to act as judge. Mr T. Price was appointed Starter, Mr T. Miltie, Clerk of the Course, Mr W. V. Brown, Hon. Treasurer,Mr T. Tait, Hon. Secretary, and a local gentlemen was appointed Acting Sec. 