wESLEYAN METHODIST CONFERENCE. NINTH DAY. THE Conference Continued its sittings yesterday in the Wesleyan Church, York Erect After singing and reading of the" Scriptures,, the Rev. R. SELLORS and Mr. W. L DAVIES led the Conference in prayer. Leave of absence was given to the Rev. G. R. Glasson and Mr. J. Boxall, of Young, and the Rev. E. J. Rodd, of Camden, to return to their respective circuits. The Rev. J. A. Waddell was appointed to succeed Mr. Rodd as one of the correspondents for the Press FOREIGN MISSIONS. The Rev. BENJAMIN CHAPMAN, general secretary for missions, read the minutes of proceedings of the Board of Management, for the past year. Mr. Oir.AV.MA3T stated, in reference to the new mission on New Ireland and surrounding islands, that the Rev. George Brown and his wife had consented to return to take charge of the new mission ; further that the Rev. Isaac Rooney and Mrs. Rooney had also volunteered to go to New Ireland to take charge, of the New mission if called upon to do so. The Rev. H. H. GAUD moved that the minutes be received and adopted. Mr. W. DEAN, of AViator, in seconding the motion, expressed his opinion that the minutes they had just heard read were the most interesting he had ever heard. He viewed with great interest and unfeigned thankfulness to God, the great work which the Rev. George Brown had so successfully initiated in the islands of New Ireland, New Britain, and the surrounding groups. He thanked God that he had raised up such men as Mr. Brown, and he was glad to find that the old missionary spirit had not died out, but that they had still brave men to go into the haunts of heathenism and open up new fields. Mr. W. DAVIES was sure that Mr. Brown's conduct would be highly appreciated wherever that conduct, as well as that of his self-denying wife, was known. This Was true heroism, and he thought this Conference ought to express by resolution its appreciation of Mr. Brown's noble conduct in connection with the new mission. The Rev. W. MOORE; drew attention to the statement in the minutes to the effect that part of the interest of the money raised for the Rabone Memorial Fund had been applied to the payment of rent of offices for the society. He thought that the rent of offices should be defrayed out of the General Fund. The Rev. B. CHAPMAN gave an explanation reference to this matter, which was deemed satisfactory. Mr. B. JAMES, jun., thought that some notice should also be taken of the offer of his old schoolfellow, Mr. Rooney. Mr. J. CALDWELL supported the motion for the adop- tion of the minutes. He spoke highly of the character of the minutes themselves, and of the conduct of the affairs of the missions by the Board of Management. They had managed the affairs of the society in such a way as to reflect great credit upon themselves and benefit to the funds of the society. The motion for the adoption of the minutes was then put and carried. The Rev. W. G. R. STEPHINSON called attention to the , fact that one unmarried missionary had been sent to the Friendly Islands, contrary to the regulation of the Conference. The Rev. B.. CHAPMAN, at some length, explained the circumstances of the case. The Rev. G. HURST, did not see any reason why unmarried men should not go to the Friendly Island? the English Conference allowed single men to go out to South Africa and the "West Indies. The Rev. it. H. tí ice concurred in this opinion, and moved the following resolution, That this Conference catthaVe no doubt of the desire of the Board of Mission's to respect the laws of our connexion, and, after hearing from the General Secretary the reasons of the departure from one of its regulations in the appointment of an un- married missiONary to the Friendly Islands, is of opinion that the action of the Board in this instances as necessary and proper." The resolution, having been seconded by the Rev. W. G. R. STEPHINSON, was put and carried. The Rev. H. E. GAUD then moved, and Mr. W. DAVIES seconded, the following; resolution, which was put, and carried unanimously,-" That this Conference, having heard from the gent ntl secretary that the Rev. George Brown has offered to return to New Britain and New Ireland, deems it' right to record its sense of the value of Mr. Brown's labours and its high appreciation of the heroic and self-den) ings, conduct of both Mr. and Mrs. Brown in offering to go to labour in that new sphere of operation. On the motion of Mr. B\\. JAMES, jun., seconded by Mr. G. W BA.K.ER, it was also i resolved-" That this Conference acknowledges the noble offer of the Rev. Isaac Rooney to proceed to the new mission in New Britain, and desires to convey to him itsy high as preciation of the missionary spirit manifested by him." The General Secretary for a missions (the Rev. B. CHAPMAN saia"the"Board" of Management had deemed it very desirable that a second European missionary should be sent to the new mission, and he had been in communication with the Rev. T. Moore, now of Rotutaah, but had not yet received a reply as to-day will witness to. go. _ Mr. Henry Bros, of Launceston, Tasmania, had displayed the deepest interest in that important work. He had given £100 for the purchase of a steam-launch. On hearing that Mr. Brown had consented to return to New Britain and that his family would have to remain in the colony in order to be educated, he had, consequent on an arrangement of this kind being made, promised a further turn of £200 a year so long as Mr. Brown was! engaged in that Mold of labour, and in ESQ of his (Mr. Scott's) death the amount would be secured to Mr. Brown's! family by his of Mr. Rced'rf) wall And further still on it being represented to Mr. Reed that it was in contemplation to send a second European missionary to accompany Mr. Brown, Mr. Rodd had generously forwarded a further draft of £200 towards the same object. He (Mr Chapman) thought that such large-hearted liberality should be ac- knowledge! by this Conference, and he had great pleasure in moving, "That this Conference heard with great thankfulness of the success of the Now mission enterprise and of the Rev. George Brown's return, but, considering the importance of the work and the cloths of the large number of native ministers employed in that district, is of opinion that no means should be omitted to secure a second missionary to accompany Mr. Brown, The Rev. W. MOORE seconded the resolution. Those who had not been engaged in the work did not know what was meant, by entering on anew mission; it meant a great deal of Suffering, of time, and a great deal of anxiety. He know what it was, and could sympathise with Mr. Brown and those associated with him in this work. He (Mr. Moore) would like to see a revival of the old missionary prayer meetings of former days. . The motion was put and paused. Mr. Jdit:i DAWSON then moved, and the Rev. GEORGE BROWN seconded, the following resolution That the most cordial and hearty thanks of this Conference be presented to Henry Reed Esq., of Launceston, Tasmania, for his generous gifts in support of the new mission in New Britain and New Ireland, and especially for his opportune contribution of £200 towards the support of a second missionary for this mission; and records its thanks to Almighty God for raising up friends who support by their wealth these important Christian enterprises." The Rev. W. J. K.. PIDDINGTON had much pleasure in supporting this resolution of thanks to Mr. Reed, who was an old friend of his. flo was a man whose gifts Were always a'-corhmnied with fervent and prevailing prayer. Would to God we had more such men as Henry Reed. The resolution was carried unanimously. On the motion of Mr. JOHN DAWSON, seconded by the Rev. B. CHAPMAN, it was resolved,-" That this Con- ference heartily approves of the action taken by the Board of Missions to secure the services of a missionary from England who understands the Chinese language, and directs that the application be pressed upon the attention of the Home Committee." On the motion of the Rev. G. HURST, seconded by Mr. JOHN ROSEBY, votes of thanks were accorded to the Rev. B. Chapman (general secretary), Rev. H. H. Gaud and Hon. G. Allen, M.L C. (general treasurers), and the ministers and laymen comprising the Board of Manage- ment, for their able and diligent attention to the important matters confided to their care during the past year, and to Messrs. A. M'Arthur, G. W. Allen, M L.A., John Dawson, E. Vickery, and the Rev. G. Hurst for the especial assistance they have also rendered to the society ; also to the House Committee in London for prompt and generous help to this society. On the motion of the Secretary of the Conference, seconded by the General Secretary for Missions, the following ministers and lay gentlemen were appointed the Board of Management for 1S77>,vis'. :-Thepro-ident and secretary of conference, the ex-president, the treasurer, the general secretary, the Revs. James Watkin, George Hurst, S. Wilkinson, J. H. Fletcher, J. Oram, W. J. K. Piddington, W. Curnow, W. Fletcher, B.A., George Martin, F. Tait, and C. Olden : with Messrs. J. Dawson, T. P. Reeve, G. W. Barker, John Hardy, S. B. Dowsett, W. Henson, John Wilson, G. Read, G. Crawshaw, T. Rowe, B. James, jun., W. B. Haigh, P. P. Fletcher, John GoHidge, William Clarke, and Rev. R. Mansfield. AFTERNOON MISSION. After the usual devotions, the Secretary read a telegram from the President of the South Australian Conference, reciprocating the fraternal greeting of the Conference of New South Wales and Queensland. A correspondence received from the London Missionary Society was read in which certain complaints were made respecting the occupation of Samoa by the Australasian Wesleyan Missionary Society. Several members of the Conference mentioned facts which clearly proved there was no just ground for such complaints, and a resolution was passed directing the Conference officers to acknowledge receipt of the communication and state that the Conference had already thoroughly investigated the matter, and determined not to reopen the case. The Rev. J. H. FLETCHER, Principal of Newington College, brought up the report of this institution for the year, indicating a great amount of prosperity and usefulness, but showing that the present building was wholly inadequate for existing requirements, as several applications for admission had to be refused. Mr. Fletcher proceeded to state that Newington College held a respectable position amongst institutions of its kind in the colony, and was highly prized not only by the Methodist Connexion, but by members of other Churches also. He instanced cases showing that in other denominations the college had many friends. This was a time when they ought to make a move onward. During the year they had had at one time seven theological students, and most of the year they had had six students in pre- part on for the ministry. He would like to have been able to do more for those students. As it was the Rev. W. Curnow, (i. Martin, and W. Fletcher had given him valuable help in the preparation of those students ; but the distance of the college from Sydney was found to be a great drawback. The influence of the students upon the boys of the college was very marked They had in the college sixty- four boys, of whom eight presented themselves for the junior examination at the University, and all of them passed that examination successfully. He would be glad if they could have periodical examinations by ministers and other gentlemen. This practice obtained in England, and he was sure that the happy result that had followed there would be attained. The time had now a rived to urge forward the erection of the new college at Stanmore; this was not a circuit affair, but an enterprise which belonged to the whole of the Methodist connexion. There was not a single monumental building (churcheso'ccepted) in connection with Methodism in the colony, but he hoped that shortly they would have a building at Stanmore which would be a credit and a bless- ing to Methodism. They had twenty acres at Stanmore, they had a nice church in one corner, they had laid the substantial foundation for the building, they had erected a good fence, enclosing the land, and had planted several hundreds of trees in the enclosure; the amount thus laid out was about £2800. The architect, Mr. Rowe, had received instructions to call for tenders for the stonework and brickwork, so that they might take steps to go on with the work. They intended that several memorial stones in the new building shall be laid by representative gentlemen; the first is to be laid by the Hon. G. Wigram Allen, the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly : the second by the Mayor of Sydney ; the third by Mr. Edmund Webb, of Bathurst, who had been foremost in this college movement; the fourth by the president of the Conference; the fifth by a representative layman, Mr. V. Davies, of Goulburn. The sum of £1000 subscriptions promised was still outstanding. [Mr. Davies : Mr. Fletcher has omitted to state that the sixth memorial stone is to be laid by the President of the College.] They had about another thousand pounds new subscriptions, and then they intended to make a canvass of the country circuits for the purpose of enlisting their sympathy. The object they had before them was large and perhaps costly, but he thought they had sufficient encouragement to enable them to commence the work at once. The Provisional Theological Institution in connection with the college had been of great service, and when they removed to more commodious premises it would, he had no doubt, be increasingly useful. He was now ap- reaching the close of his second term at Newington, and he was glad to be able to say that they had attained to a respectable position, the long talked-of college had been commenced, and they had a good balance in hand to carry on the building. He asked for the good will and co- operation of the ministers and laymen of this Conference, and all over this colony. With all the benefits of the Public school system, it would not do for Methodism to fade away from the educational work of this colony, and while he believed that the Public school system was the best for the colony under the present circumstances, they could not do without the moral influence of such institutions as this. The Rev. W. KELYNACK. moved,-" 1. That the encouraging report now presented be adopted, and that the Conference rejoices in the continued prosperity of the College; 2\. That the hearty thanks of the Conference be presented to the Rev. J. H. Fletcher (president of the insti- tution), an! to Mrs. Fletcher, for their able and kindly management of the College during the year." He said they had heard enough from Mr. Fletcher to assure them that Newington was a success. Mr. Fletcher's labours in connection with that institution were appreciated all over the colony. He had assisted to raise Newington to its present position of prosperity ; he had turned out many of those young men who were their most promising laymen and had several of their candidates for the ministry passed through his hands, and had the benefit of his training and he (Mr. Kelynack) thought the best way they could show their thanks to Mr Fletcher would 93 by a long pull, and a strong pull, and pull altogether, to put up the building at Stanmore, and thus show how highly they appreciated the services of Mr. Fletcher in the cause of Methodism and the cause of education. Mr. W. DAVIES seconded the resolution, which was carried unanimously. THE thanks of the Conference were accorded to the Revs. W. Curnow, George Martin, and W. Fletcher. B.A., for their assistance in the training of theological students. The Rev. JAMES A. NOLAN read the balance-sheet of the Theological Institution, and moved that it be adopted. Thanks were accorded to the Rev. J. A. Nolan and Mr. P. P Fletcher, the treasurers of this fund and the Rev. George Lane and Mr. Fletcher, were appointed for the next year. Oh the motion of the Rev. GEORGE HURST it was resolved that the following ministers form a committee to make arrangements for a deputation to visit the different parts of the colony in the interests of the Stanmore College, viz Revs. J. H. Fletcher, B. Chapman, H. S Gaud, Charles Olden, and the mover. The Conference adjourned until 7 o'clock Clarke, the president. When the meeting opened the Press sident welcomed the Rev. Mr. Boyce on to the platform, as a minister of the home connection. The event of great interest, in the proceedings of the evening was the reception of deputations to the Conference from the Presbyterian, Independent, Primitive Methodist, and Baptist denominations. The following gentlemen were introduced by the Rev. FitANft FRITH, secretary of the Conference, to the President c-The Hay. J. B. Laughton, B.A., and Mr. Alexander Dodds representing the General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church of New South Wales. (The Rev. James Cosh had also been appointed as one of the deputation, but he, as explained by Mr. Laughton, was absent from the colony on account of his health the Rev W. Slatyer and Rev. Morgan Williams, B.A., representing the Congregational Union of New South Wales; the Rev. Messrs. James arid Foggon, from the Primitive Methodist Church and the Rev. Messrs. Fenwick and Cornford, from the Baptist Union. The PRESIDENT gave the representatives a most cordial welcome, and said that he welcomed them as member of the whole Catholic Church, and as followers in the apostolic footsteps and doctrine. They would all agree with him "that the Church of Christ was not essentially Presbyterian affair CoDgrogationnlisTn, Methodism, or any other " ism." (Cheers.) It consisted in righteousness, peace, and joy in the Holy Ghost. It gave him great pleasure to receive them as members of the physical body of Christ one body with many members. The Apostle Paul had spoken of bearing in his body the marks of apostle ship. He welcomed them as having the same marks of apostleship. Notwithstanding their little differences in their administration of Church government, they were one in heart, and are in the spirit of their lord and master Jesus Christ. The Conference received them as being in the apostolic succession, and they had given full proof of that by the success that had attended their labours. We took cognizance of the signs that were within the region of our senses, and our Saviour said that we should be known by our fruits. Wesleyan Methodists hold with the members of the deputation and they with the Wesleyans that there was now no human priesthood, but that which belonged to the whole company of believers. (Cheers.) This was at present the only royal human priesthood (Cheers.) The President concluded by repeating cordial words of welcome, and giving the right hand of fellowship to the visiting representatives. The Rev. J. B. LAUGHTON, B.A., said that it was with great pleasure that he appeared before them this evening, for the purpose of conveying to the New South Wales and Queensland Conference of the Australasian Wesleyan Methodist Church, the fraternal salutations of the General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church of New South Wales. He believed that it was expected on such occasions as the present, that the brethren who attended as deputa- tions should not lestri't.themselves to a bare delivery of the message with which their Churches had charged them. He should take the opportunity of showing the grounds of that message, and endeavouring, as far as possible, to show the bearing of that message on the interests of our common Christianity. He would address to them a few words on the essential unity of the Church of Christ, and the duty of Christian cooperation." In an interesting I address," Mr. Laughton referred to his believing in one sense in the article of the Nicene creed. " I believe in one Catholic and Apostolic Church," for he held that by birth, adoption, and faith, all true Christians were members of that Church. He combated the pretensions of certain Churches to the titles of Catholic and Apostolic Churches. He should be greatly disappointed if those scenes of greet- ing were not the thin end of the wedge that would break down the barriers that still existed between them. He congratulated them on having become independent of the English Conference, and that the Party was now represented in their councils. (Cheers.) Mr. DODDS, lay representative of the Presbyterian Church, bore testimony to the great spiritual work which had been achieved by Wesleyan Methodism since the date of its foundation, and referred to the great mission which was still before it to teach the doctrine of a world-spread brotherly love, and to fight against the common enemy. He was glad to see that the lay element had been introduced in this Conference, and doubtless the ministers would be benefited by their advice and assistance. It had long been a part of the Presbyterian Assemblies. He wished them every prosperity The PRESIDENT said that the lay element had always taken a leading part in the affairs of the Wesleyan Church. The Rev. W. SLATYER, chairman of the Congregational Union was extremely glad to be present to express his own sympathy and that of the Congregational Union, which he represented, with this Conference, and the growing and excellent Church of which its members were reDreprepenta tives. With regard to the changes which had taken place, he might say that Wesleyan Methodism had always recognised the value of the lay element. He was heartily glad, because he thought that they were only following; out What common sense and Biblical guidance would suggest in the new condition of things and be hoped and believed that it would lead to great good to the Wesleyan Methodist Church of the colony. Mr. Slatyer referred to the powers of steam and the electric telegraph binding nations together, as reading them a lesson to keep pace with the genius of the age, and by the aid of modern science and progress to try to read all the more effectively with the influences in this world which were opposed to good. (Cheers.) The Rev. MORGAN WILLIAMS, B.A., referred to his vivid recollection of the hearty manner in which the Conference of last year had then received the representatives of the Congregational Union. He had a very warm feeling of love and regard towards the members of the Wesleyan Church, on personal grounds, and more so on the higher grounds of regard and love for a Church which had done so much in the cause of Christian missions, and for the salva- tion of the souls of men. He looked upon Wesleyan Methodism as a green oasis in the eighteenth century desert of infidelity and scepticism. God was with the founder of Methodism and those who carried on the work of the ministry in connection with the Wesleyan Church. Notwithstanding slight differences in Church government they all held the same fundamental truths, were marshalled under the same great captain, and had to fight against the same foes. (Cheers.) The Rev. D. FENWICK had great pleasure In tendering to the Conference and this meeting the fraternal greeting of the Baptist Union. He hoped that this occasion would tend to the doing away of whatever might not remain of jealousy and isolation. We should throw off the swaddling clothes of bigotry and intolerance, in which we might have been brought up in the mother country. He congratulated the Conference on the fact that their mother in England had come to the conclusion that they could, as the Scotch would say, " gang their lane, or go without assistance and he desired also to bear testimony to the quantity of work which they had been able to get through since they had met. He wished them increased prosperity as a Christian Church during the year on which they had entered. (Cheers.) The Rev. Mr. CORNFORD, in all whole-heartedness and sincerity, wished that God would grant them his abiding blessing; and, after referring to the work which was being carried on in the mother-country, concluded by a wish that God might prosper greatly the work in which they were engaged. The Rev. Mr. FOGGON, on behalf of the Primitive Methodist Church, wished them God speed. The Rev. GEORGE JAMES, on behalf of the same Church, also gave his congratulations, and spoke of the great sympathy between his own and their branch of the Christian Church. The Rev. Mr. KELYNACK replied to the greetings of the deputations, and in the name and on behalf of the Conference, desired to express his heartiest feelings of goodwill. They were all portions of one great army marching on to conquest, and seeking for the salvation of the world. Though they would continue to differ perhaps till the end, there was great reason for congratulation at the increase of tolerant feelings towards each other. He believed that they would lower the fences, and was glad that they had come So near to the realization of the maxim In things essential, unity; in things doubtful, liberty; and in all things charity." Laymen had always done an important work in Wesleyan Methodism and he was glad to see them added to their councils. Mr. Kelynack closed by recommending the deputations and their work to the care and blessing of God. (Cheers.) ( Mr. DAVIES, lay representative of the Goulburn Circuit, also replied to the addresses. The deputation to-night had at all events shown that the various denominations here represented were not antagonistic were not fighting against each other. They were converging towards one centre, and would soon meet. The Rev W. BOYCE, who said that it was just thirty one years ago since he preached his first sermon in this chapel, addressed the meeting briefly. After the singing a portion of the 537th hymn, the meeting was closed with prayer, in which the Rev. JOSEPH H, FLETCHER engaged. 