A QUEER COURTSHIP. , \- Yo0 know how it is in a letter (began the little shop-keeper, rubbing her thin hands to uether helplessly). I waa writing to brother Joahua away down East, hundreds of miles from here, and happened to tell him, among 'other things, that the widow lady that helped teaoh school here, 'and boardad with me, wax .going away. I didn't say a word one way or , the other about Jlr. Steelo, for what did it. matter to them whether ha was a tyrant or not .1 I only wanted to tell them I'd been at a good deal of expense in fitting up the room, and I didn't mind her board money so muoh as I did to have the ohamber idle again, and nobody about the houie but myself, though she was poor company at the best, being sickly in constitution and low in spirits the most of the time, and after a while nearly driveu.orazj by the .continual badgering and bickering of Mr. Steele. She used to oome home at night that worn out, what with the wickedness of the children and the eternal nagging of the aohool- master, that I've seen her put her head down on the table and cry fit to break' her heatt.' She said she couldn't please him, do what she might, and it was ruining her nerves to see him beat the boys' in the way that he did., She was sure he'd break some of their bones. ' I tried to cheer her as best I oould, telling her that boys' bones were tough; aud tho little rascals deserved to be paid up for some of their deviltry. After anjbour or two she'd oome around again and be Comfortable, bub, lame 1 what was the use f The next' day, perhaps, she'd be worse' than ever, and the creature's health began to fail so, I was glad when she gave up and went away. She was verydown-' hearted, Sam Biley, the stage-driver, said, all the way down to the train, and he gave it as his opinion that Kr.' Steele was no. better than a1 blaok- hearted tyrant., , ' 'Sain'is sui&a; good-natured fellow, that it quite woro, upon his mind, and he 'stopped a bit with' meon hiBWay, to the evening train to talk, it. over. I . wanted him to get some, ictle, things for, me at Pikeville, and while I was making out the memorandum, 3am told me how he pitied whatever poor hody waa to take that poor oreaturo's place. You oan just fancy how : I felt when Sam drove tip to the door that night, and 1 went out to get the paokage, to see brother. Joshua's daughter Jemima on the seat with Sam, chatting an^ laagbinj away as merry as acrioket. ,1 was ..powerful glad to see thte child, but dreadfully mirtitied to . find her tuaked in there with the driver, I told Sam pretty sharply that he ought to know better, for their was plenty of room inside, and I didn't know -what the bo&rders; over the way would think of it. ' She was bound to ride outside,' said Sam ; ' and a ,wilful woman msuit have her way.' . .' Why, its all the fastiiou up our way,' said Uime. ''The, summer boarders swarm all over t ho tops of the-coaches like so many lively bees ; but if it hurts anybody's feel ings, I'm' sorry. A school marm must mind herp'sandq's.' ' - ' A /sohool-tiiarm T'. I' said, wondering what, the child' meant. Then she told me she'd! j.conie but',. tp, .take that poor, .little woman's, place;, that she'd written to, Mr. Steele as soon as my letter was read at home, for she .oonldn't get 'along at the sohool there. ? ' ' It would take a ? saint to put up- with their airs and their interfer«noB, and you know I like to hairemy own way,' said my nieoe Je'miha. ',. . ' ' Yes,l' I saidi' for I had- known Mime's temper from' a child. Any body , could bbo from her hair how fiery , she was ; ;but the. dear ohild was just as the good Lord had seen fit to ihakfa her, and I, for - one) never hold red-haired people accountable' for freaks of temper., : i i ...' .;. Only you can Bee how ridiculous it seemed to mo for her to teaoh under Mr. Steele. ' Out of the frying-pan into the fire, Mime,' I said. '.The sohool-master has it all his own way here, and he's littlo better than a brute. ' I've seen under my own eyes i a woman's heart almost broken with him.' Then I went on to tell how he'd tormonted that poor widow woman into giving up - tho place, and how I'd seen her worry and fret till the skin fairly dropped off her bones. . -TJooh ! pooh I', said my niece; 'the skin -won't drop off.my bonos^ aunty.' Aud i couldn't holp thinking what a pity it would be if it did, for whiter and finer and wholesotner skin I never: did soe. It was the kind that so often comes with rod hair,' and a lovolicr colour neyer was in a blosBom than bloomed in Mime's oheek when- she oried.out, ? ? ? ? ? ,' I've got to fight it out somewhere, aunty ; let him, mind his own business, and I'll mind mine 1' ? - My, heart fairly . warmed to the girl as she sat opposite me at the table, orunsbing ilite after sliee of teast betweea . her white teeth; and dovourisg the dainties o«e by one. The little widow had- been n finiekf, an^ I had raih a pctnr sijpstitenjyR)*, tteithkiAe«m» v-*' and T?ent upon the table, and were -warmed up and fused over till a body got tired of seeing them; Then she was my ewn flesb and blood, and had the Sohoonmaker nese, a little high, with Mime, and freokled over the bridge a bit, but she was a bonny, blithe, fresh-looking creature, socdlfferent frem the, wretolied little woman tkat had just gone «'w»y. . v I oonldn't bear the theughts of her spirits, and hi-alth Jbeing broken by kthat dreadful ' Mr. Steele. ' I'll tell you, Mime,' I said, as she dried the dishos for me, ' what we'll do. You shall stay at home with m» and help about the thop ; there's bonnets now and then to trim, and lots of little knicknacks in worsted work to be mado.' V: ''?,!?? Now, aunty,' said Mime, ] a buffalo would bo less clurnay at trimming- a bonnet . than I would, and.as for worsted-work— ' ' ' I suppose ao,' I said, for I oould see she was determined to teach. .- , The next morning she went t6 school, and for a month or so everything went right, and I didn't hear a^^^?|«(!Otnplaiut from^her. She mado /On enough of \he siihool- miuitei','' aud said he didn't , know how to manage the boyB, and made himself more trouble than was necessary ; that a coaxing word others went farther than a dozen slashes with that rod of his ; but everyone had their ewn way, audit was none of her business. She was getting along splendidly, and the smaller children were quite delighted with- a way she had of picturing out things on thf black-beard. Mime was quite ready with h«r. pencil, and had made us laugh, Sam Biley skid me, many a time- by sorawling off funny aonceits on paper. Sam Bily began to drop in at 'night, aud I uotioed he was quito taken with Kimo,. Sam was well to do, and, outside of his line, of stages, owned a fine house down on the main road. Sam didn't mind -being hit off himself onoe in a while — him and his horses aud pasiQnger* aiid'all ; he uaed to sit back in his ohair and laugh till the tears rolled down his oheeks, and look over at'me) wink ing and blinking, and whispering, under his breath, what a wonderful woman she wa?. ' She's as fresh and handsome as a rose,' he would say when Mime waa out of the room ; 'and what health she's got, and what spirits 1' I could see how things wore going. Daar 1 dear 1 I ueed to sit and pioture it all out to myself,' and think how nice it would bo to have Mime settled near me for life. So when ehe came home one afternoon from school, with a bright spot burning on aithor cheek, an angry flame in her eyes, and said to me that war had begun between her and Mr. Steele, I didn't so much mind, for I thought the sooner she got discouraged the better. Sam was well on to thirty, and though Mime's skip made her, look younger' ' thau she was, there wasn't so mnch differ ence as yon'd think between their ages. ' He's forbidden my illustrations on the black-board, aunty,' said Mime ; and though I didn't know one bit of board from another, I could see by the way she felt about it that it was a great spite to Mime. 'He calls them pernicious and exciting to the imagina tion, and injurious to more praotical require ments,' said Jemima. And I couldn't quito get the hang of his objections, for every word of the fcohoplmaster'a was as long as, the moral law, but I could tell it was some . imposition of his. ' He's a narrow-minded idiot, and I shall tell him bo if ho persists in this notion,' said Mime. 'If he persists,' I said, 'you'd better give it up. He's bo set in bis way, there's no UBeorossing him.' ' I won't let him oross me,' said Mime, and she didn't. She went on with, her pictures on the blaokboard for a full week or more, till one night there was a rap. at the. i sitting-room door, and it gave me quite a turn to see the long bony figure of the : sahool master standing ou the threshold. '' i Mime started up, a hot. oolour leaping into ' her faoe, and stood there eonfrontlng 'him' like a young Jeiebol. The man looked pale enough himself, sink ing into the ohair I set for-him as if he was quite warn and spent like, and he seemed beat out in some way; for though he fixed his eyes savagely on Mime, there, was some- ' thing in 'em that looked tired and hunted. ' I have come here to remonstrate witk your niece, madam,' he said to me, ' though I've found it of very little use and profit heretofore ; but however capable and eSoient he may be, and however judioions it may , seem to retain her services, her spirit of in? , subordination is too dangerous an example te -the naturally rebellious and headstrong temperament of youth. She must oonSue herself striotly to the iules that govern the method of instruction. The' trustees-r-*' '' Don't put'it on the trustees,' brokenin Mime; and I was glad she .took it upon her- - self to, answer him, for I couldn't make out' head or tail of what he was saying, what wlfch his long words and the'fiuster I was in.' ' The trustees, are mere lay: figures for you to dress your petty schemes of oonoeit ' and tyrauny upon.' . . He waved his hand impatiently, and went on :''It is the will of the' trustees that, you shall put aside the puerile and reprehensible oourse you have taken in exciting the Imagination, and oreating ,, frivolous ' 'and mUohievous emotions. . The pursuits of my own olasa have been interrupted, their atten tion distraoted — ' 'Why don't your olass mind their p.wn. business!' saicl Mime. ' Why do you look, at me, (or listen to me, 'or bother . with me at all I It !b not your olass that is disturbed, Mr; Steele, it is you.' The school-maBter's - face suddenly reddened, then grew paler than before; he wiped the perspiration from' his long high forehead, and his bony' fingers' actually trembled on bis knees. I don't wonder he was mad, for Mime went on in.the most outrageous way. Her spunk waa, !up, and she wasn't a bit afraid ef him. - 'You-oan't bear to see knowledge made: easy and pleasant,' she said. ' You'd like to' kuook every new idea into tho brain with*1 sledge- hammer; -yon bate to look' overat'the' children and me, and tee us making light of our task— it's gall and wormwood to you, Mr. ' .Steele.' . ,, , ' Hush, Mime I' I said, for I oouidi see that he was getting more and more exoited, and I didn't know, but what he'd; fling , the lamp at her head, or , something. ?: But 'he mastered himself, and up he got and'went away without another word ; and pretty aoon' Sam Biley came in. ? : .} - ' / I - thought we'd have. a niee^ tiveuing^for . Mime was in high. feather ; ? and sitting do,WB te the table, she caught up a pencil and made the school-master take every ridiculous shape - that she could. Her eyes shone and -her cheeks glowed, - and I - didn't iwonder Sam' couldn't take his eyes of her face: 'Say the word, Mime,' said gass, ' and I'll punch the idiot's head.' j ' Who Rre you calling an idiet?', said Mime, turning stralght-upAn Bam. 'If yon had the hundredth part ef his int^igence, you might be glad.' ,, 'I thought you called him so yourself,' said Sam, meekly, for he was head- over-ears i in leve with the yoang termagant. 1 ?- ' If I did,' said Mime, ' it! was absurd, and I'll . never dp . it again. _Ne, Sam; I'll heat ! hisa with his own weapons, i I'll go to the trustees myself. If he oan wheedle ^nd. eoss tkens, so 'can I ; - and if: he. pan- bully tkem, perhapB I can do that too,' ? ' Yeu can do anything,', said poor Bam. ' Aud seen after that Mime said 'she was tired and rieens, aad sect SeaeftMroUs ytrapteine. T7alked about/the floer, and I, oould see she was terribly [put out and exeited by the school master's visit. ', ... ? '. ' You'll. wear yourself oat for- nothing, ' I said, for it vexad me (o seo her. all in 'a fret that Way.; from pure-. spito. '.. '- He'll'.' break ' ' your health and spirUn.iQke ha did wilh that poor little body that was '-hjKe.-beloro you.', :: ;-VI:don't believe' all thos%6#tories'; akomt - that wbman, anntyi;: ^'Ta.fonaa'ijpt'she had ' heavier troubles thafi-jSolio ptit'n^oii her by the ' eohciolmas le'r. -tofi'mtutd't' belttve *U I that yon hear,' .That ifas tho.,,way,:with^iiime-2-ihe «u ' tbat.contrary when she. was vexed. that she'd ' swsar.black was white, and tiie the part, of - the evil one himself. .. ; . ... . ;? f ; She began from that ! time-, otiti to ight hard for her own way, and' it' got to' be' pretty well known she was winning over 'ihe tras taes. The children hsid'nevsr jiked anybody- ^ as they did Mime, apd littlo !Bill ;?ri|shard, * that used to play truant hall ths thne, and i .would rather taken boatlng any d&y.; than be ' v psnt up in sohool, went Jthere' as -regular aa * t '' ! clock-work . nojr, , and . -bjfga^^tp; mark o.ut iiorae* Mia dogs wfYB-\ar' Bfamp''of 'S-pgAcU himself; and Mr. Pritohard he wasins #f the truBteua, and thorfght.khe wCrld'!s|i'd all ?of 'my B ut somehow by;othVr} jiittas I. i(Sd,-tke ? - continual VTorrimeiit of it.fretW, Mfme/and aha got thin and ipat her protty^colour ; and the night she came home and said she had . got the btfst of ? ? the- ? sohool-master, and ? the notice had bsen served ' on klm that day.that he .was.to.let herhava her own way of teaeizing; that night' I' made up my mind it was about time it was settled in some way, for Mime, was more fidgety and Contrary than ever ; andi don't believe ejery . thing would havo turned out as it did if Mima hadJbeen la her sooer senses.- The- girl was about half . wild, and I -den't believe she knew; ?wkat she ' 'was about; for it stands to reason she must have hated the school-master; and yet'whsn I began to glory dyer his defeat,' 'and' say how . glad Sam Biley would.he, she sh'utj'mp up ia a miuute. .. .., . ' !. ... '.'Sam Biley. and. Mn Steele,', she said, ?' are two very different men.' ' Ishoold hope so,' I aafd. ? - . ? -... ? 'Sam is made of a different- stuff,' she went on to say. ' The little prifks and torments that sting the soul of Mr. Steele to . madness would! be utterly nrifeit' by Sam. Sain is a good feilow— ' ! ! .. '. ' ?' . ; - 'Thank you for Bam,' I said; for she was enough to pr6voke a sunt-! . , » *? , But he .has not the capacity for suffering that Mr. Steele has ; -and oh, .dnnty, he : dewsuflerl' ? ? ' Serve him right, the monster, ';I said ; and had' scarce got the' *w;ords out' of my mouth when there Was a rap at the''door. I went over, thinking it was' Sam.BilA'y, when there, was the, thin, gaunt faoe of the sohobl- : mastsragain. ... He came in and bowed, as grave as an owl, aud sat down on a ohair. by tha door; his cane rolled down beside him on the floor, and for.a fall minute or so he couldn't find a word out ' of that long dictionary ia his head. ? ? ? I was glad to see that Mime's spunk oame baok at the sight ,of ,bim.,. Her eyes were as bright as! they .could be, ant}' her oheeks like the heart of a hollyhock.' 'My errand here,. Miss. . Jemima,'' he began, ' is altogether a. friendly. one. Yon have so much spirit and determination that I think your -present subordinate position is unfit for you. 'I know of one that- will be shortly vaoarit,. whioh you can fill with great oredit to yoiirself and aU'oonoB'rnefl.' ' ?! ' I am muoh obliged to yeu,'!^ oaid Mime, - her lips begiuning to cu)rl,,find the colour in : - , her obeeks deepening to, a flame, . .5' but I'm ? quite satisfied.' where- 1 ,.am«„.X .can well anderstand that -you'd be- glad to. he rid ol ' me; butjjr must' beg to .decUne.,.i. I-'m not . jv going away from here.' '? ' ? - ''But I ani going away from 'hero, 'said ' tlia sohoolmastor, 'getting - upon his feet. I ?' ' It ls mp piaoe that will be. vaeiatit, abd that I think you may have it if you^chbo^^.' !.''Y»u— youl' said, Mime: ,jind';.I don't wonder tip shild was astounded at the news. I was fuite flustered myself, ' Yes,' said theeohoolmaster : '/'.you ean haveyour own way now'.'1 , And -h» went out the door, bowing awkwardly as 'he 'went, a . queer,' alserable siule ihrtifglin^ Ijito his faoe. .! ^ ^ ! v . '.'.Dear J.dearJ.the^oontrarinMa of woman I No sooner . was ..the dpor. well- shutjon him : ? - than Mime pub her head down on the table and began to cry. Her hair gob loose and fell ' . all, aboutjher, imd, tojsaketho matter worse, i iieard a footatep alitside, and this time A thought it must be Baw, Riley. ' , ? ' For goodness' sake, Mime,' I said, ' don't . let Sam Biley. see ypu,in this way J'. . -But the.-door opened,- and.. there stood the . : v. sohool-master- again. - He -said tie.-had oome baok for his cane; but' lie never even stooped to pick it bp, but stobd staring at-Miine as if ?he was a ghost instead of -thfc fresh; pretty, ' wholesoinyprejture that ski w*i! - She raised . , 7 ' her head, and tboughher'jffee' wu'}^)f-bidde« ? by her haiir, her eyelashes, !were* WRt, and the tears, not dried yet ,on h,er oheexs. , The rthoolriuaster, not. miuaing. me any more than if I was a block of i wood or same- . - thing,' walked- straight over to- Mime; ? ? ' You know very well, '' he1 satd.-' that I am only going'away 'Irom'her* because I leve you. Beca'uie it waS iiot 'thd glass rhat waa distracted by your, pretty Ways au&'devioei ; it. was I.', You know. *11: tlus' Very well, aad can tell jme ., whether;! .had, hette*. go or not. v Now tell me, shall, I stay - i , You might have knocked ma down with a feather when'I saw Mime put her hand oat , timidly to the school-master j ' and ' he torn -' v 'pale and eatch it ibi'bath his own. ' ' 01 cetirso hot,1' ! h'rokc ia; for I waa ' ? - neardistraptedhy theway things were going, ('If you're an hon'ourablp!nijii^r and got aay ' sense left, and an eye in ,y.oor, head, you'd see tbat my niecB ii ai^good-.as engagsd te SsmBiley.' ,,,.,i, tl i , ' Bam Biley!' saidMine, -asissomful ai if poor Sa»'was a tead ' or- aemethinf , and ^oldifig' to ' tb' .' the'-' sshooi: master's boon hands as if sh'e' wSs;droWhing. 1 Like anoagh ;-^y^.b^;jUir'^i;^l|'an4'aa,alM,U Ilia him alt the better fox 'it, fox Velo^e out of the reom I hesrd har .telt hia she d teaeh .acy. way that salted him best; aad asy, only hope is that he'agoi a little money - laid by, f or'he said s he' , Aidn' t iateni she should teaohat all. Bnt. dear l- dear I whea . I heard the ortok 'of Sattl Biley '(( whip out- v side. a'nd knew tlie 'eveb'ing stage' w,as in, and !'pM^''Balfi'^tim?wiii^i['%ltdl-H^, in store fv - : -v h^ia-,.I had to go apstair!|.au(l't\aira'a.ciy all .v; s1'; tp myselL And all, aay, is, it Mima i marries, the sohaei-waster, , itva.,- ai|hty - .. 4«eer eoartsbip. i - , - , ,,, I i i — n» - u.t.-'iiii « . 'A!,Cmab' SxPUJrATWK,^. A-fn«ip»'B«MU'-.-:-'i.^-jS'i oher had , elaborated a.naw uth$oi7 of tha Exodua— to ,vrit: - That) the Sad Sea got V | frosen over, and aovaffordad the'IsraaUteo-'-- | a safe passage;-! hut when 'FhSlMliNrith r - v~ ' hie heavy iron oharibtej'iatteinptAd 'iW thav' . broke threugh, .arid' TvW'jdroypiad. -jL brother xt amd, jpked'for an, of that point. .'I'se been stadyiia'xogn^y, and) do gography say, dat-,be. »,''Very wam' :'-'.';. . oountry,- where they rhava' die. teopiea,' Aid' ; de^ tropics is too hot for freeainV' -Ee ptat ' toko -splaiaed-is 'bont thraogh ' ^ daioe.' The preacher sfa-aightened ap aai ; aaid 'Brudder, glad you aW4fc-ia*eatiea.' It gives me 'oaaien to 'splain ik Xcu see, dat was a great while age— in da «i« Motea, Mtttesyteft **** ** 