thie, Qtpp Is lb; ·· :trnies. ( FRIDAYV, NOVMBEElt .2; 187.: A sucdaz time ago a German jo inalist, a Mr Armand Goegg, visated this and the neighbourig- colonies -forithe plr pose of gleaning information :Te arding thoe several' colonies comprisdd 'in the Australian group.' 'The -information this geintleman collected' ard ryill, fur nish to his cotruimeh is jitst ,what they appear to; require, for, cudriously enough, about the time of .Mr Goegg's visit the Government of this colony re ceived a circular fiom Earl Carniirvon, enclosing a sllortt pamphlt wwiitten r by the Vice-Consul at.Danzic, er Krugo, on German emigration. Tn .this pam phlet the writer says that theeinigrat ing classes of Germany are generally in a state of blank ignorance regarding the wealth and-resources of the Australian colonies, and he goes on to say that a great bulk of the enormous emigration that now flows ,to America.miglt be diverted to these colonies if thoir.many attractions were:beitt? r iknioh, and if the means of transit wero'mdre' apid, regular, and less costly than at present. He gives statistics in which it is shown how many Germaneis emigrated from Fatherland to,the United States from 1845 to 1876,.both years inclusive. -Thee gross totals tot up to the endrmous - ?num of 2,685,430, so that within a period of thirty years Germany directly contributed more than two and a half millions of her best people to swell the population, of the great Republic. In the year 1845, 34,355 Germans went over to the states, and the number con tinued annually increasing until the year 1852, when it reached 145,918. In the' following year it receded to 141,916, but in 1854, immediately after the' declaration of the Crimean War, 215,009 of the pick of the German population left their own country to settle in',America. In 1855 the out-i Sow dropped down to 71,918, and in .1861 it fell -as low as 31,661. But from that date to 1866 it again went upwards, reaching the respectable figure -of 115,896. This rate was about, main "tained until 1873, when it stood 'at -133,141.. In the subsequent year it fell to ;56,927, and in 1876 it' fell as low as 37,803. This enormous emigration, -' however, was vid Hamburg and Bremen. ":But a greater number than hero re corded arrived in the States, showing that many' Germans went by way of English ports. The pamphlet then goes on to state that emigration from Germany, parti cularly to the United States, increased steadily after 1848, and assumed very large proportions immediately after the ,,'war between Austria and Prussia, in 1852 and 1853. From 1858 to 1864 there was a falling off, but in 1865, when-the probability of war between Austria and Prussia became more and more visible, the number of emigrants increased considerably. It nay, seem strange, but after the, close of the Franco-German war, when the German .empire' had been created,- and, pros perity seemed to have been secured by force of arms to Germany, and when wages.almost doubled, a complete emi gration fever set in; the years 1871, 1872, and 1873,- showing 107,201, 155,595, and 133,141 respectively. This emigration was checked- by the commer cial crisis tlsat occurred in the United 'States. But the tendency to leave the German States is as stirong as ever. The pamphlet says, "'There. are at present again unquestionable signs that a very large emigrating element is smoulder ing in Germany, stimulated by political .'and ecdnomical. enibroilments, which will break forth as soon as sufficient hope and inducements offor themselves in transatlantic countries in the eyes of the discontented and desponding Ger mans." There is no secret about the matter. The causes that produce such a large emigration are well-known. The Ger mans, for the most' part,'. are a peace loving, industrious, educated, and in telligent people. The love of home, with all its associations, is perhaps with the German a stronger instinct-than in .asiy'otlihr nationality. Tho!igh the love for Fatherland beats ardently. in every German heart,, the love for home and kindred is much stronger, and wlhere these can be cherished' with' least . liability'to disturbance there will the German make his fatherland. The king doms- federated under the Emperor of Germany are surrounded on all sides by military peoples. The pursuits of peace cannot be followed without continual preparedness for war. Nor are the -exigencies of Germany's geographical position all. There is not only danger 'from aggression, but there is that danger that springs from the ambitious designs of -Germany's own statesmen. The brunt of all these dangers huis to be borne by" the people, 'and it imposes Seven in time of peace a military system, the laws of which are rigid and'oppres 'sive inrthe'extreme, not to mentioni the continual risk of being drafted off to military .'service ,in: actual war. - The immediate relations' between France Sand-Germany 'are- a 'perpetual' menace to the peace of Europe. ' In the face of these' dangers,' with the burthen of en forced- military service, and the large coat of army and navy expenses to bear,' it is not surprising that an intelligent -people cast their eyes about for some -tranquil portion of the globe where they may toil in peace, and enjoy the full fruiits of their industry, without having. 'to sacrifice their sons to Mars, and pay a large .percentage of 'their earnings to wards maintaining' the " pomp and cir cumstance of glorious war." To this -great cause of emigration may be added 'others. The laws of repression: promul gated against the RomanCatholics prove a continual source of irritation' and .danger, while German commerce and industry, are declining. These causes ,reinaining, it is clear that Germain emi ': gration will go on, and about the desir Sability of Australia getting its share of these valuable citizens there cannot be .t~go;opinions. They are peace-loving, clever, industrious, a plodding and loyal people. They fraternise and amalga mate with their kindred Anglo-Saxon citizens wherever they ]settle' down. 'Afiitralia; as before ststed,,will. 'ecisre a liarge per centage 'of this' desirablb clase' wheti better, faster, and more re gular icommunication becomes estab lished with Europe ?: . Ta! 8Echool' Boaird' of Adviceat Ballarat. appear to hare miisiterpreted the real iptention of theEducation Act, and the scope of tbFel own functions, in a manner of whichitris the duty of the 'Minister to take instant cognisance. - In adopting the secular system, the framers of the measure had. no iotention whatever of dealing a blow at religion, and it was clearly under stood that the heads of the various deno minations shoild, if'they so pleased, give religious ihstructiin, to those children who pleased to attend, in 'school after ordinary school-hoirs. T'he olition has never been exercised up to the present, but the united Protestant clergy of Ballarat last week waited on the City Board of Advice, and asked for.leave .to pursue their call ing in.turn one hour a week after school hours. They' repiesentcd that they had agreed upon a: brief and purely.uosccta raiain prdgraime,, that the school ,hours would not be trenched upon,- nor were any of the teacbers to be interfered with. The Board, without assigning any reason for such a stranige'course, refused the' requen't of the deputation, although occasionally State School Buildings have been let for public and private balls. Whatever be the outcome of the proceeding under no. tice, it is to be hoped that the Minister will assimilate the practice of letting out school buildings, for at Castlemaine Arch. deacon Crawftord has been allowed with out the least demur to give Saturday afternoon's religious instruction in the training school. Itismanifestly improper that a privilege freely conceded at Castle' maine should he sternly denied at Ballarat. Ta'r report of the Art-Union of V.ictoria, for the sixth season, 1878, hbnsjust been issued, and shows a verygratifying increase in the number osf subscribers.' 'lihe first season the subscriberisnuimbered only 193: amount' of ~eubsriptions,. £202` 13s ; anil the prize list eaibraceed only 12 prizes, of the total value of £145. Under the corres ponding heads for the sixti 'seasbnriihb figares are--sulscribers, 1300;' amnout of subscriptions, £1365; number of L;rizes, 66, of the aggregate valueb: ff.£780' 3s. Over 80 suhbcribers hail' from: Gipltie?nAd, of whom there are no less than 52' n Sale -a 'fact due in a great degree 'to the energy with which the local agenst, Mr,;J. W. Carroll, has promoted the objects of the Union. We are glad to see by. the re port that Mr Carroll's services have been recognised by his appointment to the Coun cil, who have selected as the presentationi picture for the current season, a 'chromo lithograph, specially executed for. the pur pose by Messrs 'Sands' 'and MDougall from a picture' b'y MI.J.I.V. Curtis, en! titled I" A Lon -Forgotten Australia? Ex' pedition." 'he picture represents (the departure from the I'agns on a voyage of discov'ery round the Cape of, Good "Hope, in the year 1540, of'one of the unmerous Maritime Exploring Expeditions fitted out by the Portuguese. It th'us possesses a national and historical interest' ebsides its attraction as a work of art. Every sub. scriber of one guineai will be entitled to a copy of this lithograph, and to one ehance in the asanual distribution of prizes in March, 1878. We hope to,see a large addition this year to the Gippsland list of subscribers. With this number of the Gippsliand Times a 14-column siipplement' is 'issued, consisting of literary' tmatter. "' 'i' Owing to a breakage in tlse. wire, no telegrams came to hand last n?ght. The Singapore and Penang section of the cable was repaired ah Wednesday morning.' We are 'requested to' state thiat?there will be no mass in CUwwai until the' second Sunday of December, .,- . r . 'The new steamer of the G-.L.S:N. Co., tRosedale, will arrive at the Latrobe:'wharf to-morrow at noon, sailing for Melb?tirne direct oti Suida'. at 6 a.m.' '??' . Mr E.' Davies,' tlic Ventriloquist, an nounces. a, perrormance, at,Rosedale on Monday, andl at l'raralgnn on Tuesday. The following advertisement appeared in our local contemporary'd colulmns, yes terday:-" Cricket.-Members of the Hy field, Uppler Maffra, andi Maffra clubs are requested to*attend a meeting 'oa Friday afternaont at 4 p.m., in Shire Hall, Maffra, to consider proposal for atmalgiaination.", An entertainment, of a novel andpleas ing character, is announced to begiventt the Mechanics' Institute on Monday and Tuesday evenings, by the members 'of Wlheeler's Comedy Trroupe:. It hi?b' ben presented in many parts of the world; and has elicited Criticisms fromnt the 'public journals of a very flattering nature. We refer our readers to the 'l'roupe's advertise ment whicli appears in another column. An accident of. a peculiar nature hap pened on 'Tuesday afternoon, to a man called Forham, a blacksmith by trade, working at the Morwell.. He was cutting through an iron rod, whien the shorter piece, about'two inches in length,' flew up and struck' him in the eye, entering: im mediately below the eyebrow to a depth of about a quarter of an inch and sticking there. He pulled out the piece of iron himself, and came down by the train to the Hospital,' where he arrived about 11 o'clock the same night, Dr. Forbes being in immediate attendance. As far as can be judged 'at present, the sight is not per manently injured. "The 'usuanl fortnightly meeting of the Barough' Council was' held last evening. Present: The Mayor, and 'Crs. Topping, Jensen, Slattery, "lerberte, Waters, and Guthridge. The minutes of last meeting were confirmed. The inward correspon lence ihncluded nothinkg of'mt'ch impor taice. 'The report of the finance com nittee was passed, recommending payments to the amount of £142. 'On the motion of Cr:' Guthridge, seconded by Cr. Herberte, it was resolved tio deepen the drain in Dawson-street, to drain the ground in front 'f Rose cottage, and to respectfully request'the Avon Shire Council to execute that po'rtion of the work lying within their boundary. It was also resolved that Crs. Platt, Counihan, and Slattery, who are about visiting Melbourne, should seek an interview with 'Ministers, on varlo?as matters Which had been the iubjects of recent correspondence with the Govern ment. MIr Bondeonu'd tender.for sheet piiling at Pearson's bridge, £23, 'was, ac cepted. It is understood tihat the mntteis upon which MIinisters will be interviewed, are telegraphic communication with the Lakes' Entrance; clearing the river 'l'homson, with the view of extending the navigation to Sale; making Sale a portaof entry; completion of the railway, by ex pediting wiork eh the first cection; and other maitters. The community will be highly indebted to the Councillors above named if they succeedin 'persaiading the Government to execute the works. enum erated withpreronptitude and dispatch. ' The mantle of prophecy fell upon PuncA ins May last. In its principal cartoon ot the 31st of 'that month, Sir C. Gavan Deify. in his Speaker's wig and gown; as the GOlosrt 'in Hamlet shakes his mace threateailngly at Sir John O'Shanassy, who 'as the' Prince of Denmark kneels humbly at his feet, and exclaims, "Speak I anm bound to hear." "Sn art thou to obey when thou shalt hear," retorts'the ghost. The scene was fully realised in the Assem bly on Tuesday, uandr ecircummtances des cribed in another column, when the Speaker effectually slaut up the Knighlt. Paaach took a slight liberty with the Shaksperian text in substituting the itali cised word "obey" for "revenge," but no doubt "pippins and cheese" will follow in due course,. A man called Shclverton, working for Mr P. Clemnents, had his leg broken' at Denison on Tuesday afternoon. IIe was engaged, with four other men, in making a log fence, and whilst turning over a log, to which a teamn of bullocks was attached, the lever he was using slipped and the log rolled back on to hIis right 'leg, causing an obliqte fracture of both bones. He wat brought dowo'to Sale th.a' dray and taken by,.Dr. Forbes to the Hospital, where the leg was set. The Chief .Secretary has declined to consent to an adjournment of Parliament on the Cup day, on account of the state of. public business, The Bink' 'offNewSoitth' Wales divi- : dead and bonus is: 17) per cent..per an. / num, with £10,000 placed to the reserve fund . ?, . :.:':,?, I The total amourit of the Indian Relief fund in' Melbdtirne,?ei now £18,022 17s 3d,. of which £12,000'bhas'btee' forwarded by the mail to India. .''"The hliel ase of 'L angton' v.:Sia has resiilted' in 'a 'verdict of odne firthing damages for pldistiff. 'On .a application for certificate for costs, Hiis Honor Judge Fellows hqe reserved his decision. Leases'fiir isise for the utsdermentioned persons lie at the snib-treasury; i-George Clark, Newry;'I'T.Dunn; Flinin's Creek; John Williamson, Glenmaggie; P. Kelly, :Haiel??d ;;Jbhn' Conolly,' Maffra; and Jasies Boland, Boisdale. ACricket match lbetween twio elevens ouf.Rdosedle.and IHeyfield-wrilLbchplaycd. at the forer, place to-morrow at .11 ani. sharp'.Tliie.aesdilelc teiamin illbe selected from the following. players :-Mattinglcy, Townsend, Barnctt,? ht'Combe, Barker, Rowley, A. sarney, 'J3 Weir, C. Weir,' J. Riotoul, J..G"Deikitn, Cooper, Brem ner and Guy' ;i 94 4 A Tuesday's telegram from Launceston says :-" A soui bif £1,000 heas been sent 'front HIoharitt'.Towi' hy'this~tiiailin' aid of .the Indian Firaine fnmd; ifi'd £900has been 'ollected a LatIauniifesiis ' Lag'e 'sums front the couiitry ditrits' liave yet to come in.-Samples of ore'from Flinders Island assayed 75 per"'eentir"ofitin;' The ReV. Mr Duff has declined a call from 'the Presbyterian Church, St Kilda; . -. I Thd stilijboiied .'testiiionialiio ithe Re'. Father Hayes, who has been removed froln .this, district to Williamstowo, has bieie .very heastly engrossed on 'vellum byiMr Bock, and will shortly be presented to the rev. gentleman by Mr Couniban. The expressions of esteem conveyed in, the testimonial are shared in by ft?eii"of all classes and creeds in the'district, an'd ti'di best wishes follow the rev., gentlem'an to his new sphere of labour.--! To"the Rev. M. Hayes, Catholic Piresb'ier ;'Salqe. Rev. and Dear Sir,-We have learned with deep regret that you. are abhtitoitoleave Gippsland, where you have resided for so many years, anl where ,you are so highly respected for your exertions in the cause of religion and everything that has a ten' dency to further the well-being of tle people of this district:, Y ýiir.many acts of kindness have so, m' t with iour approval that we cannot "nllow 'yo 'to leave thit `iisisioi' without somae nmaik of oir'estee'm; and we requtiest that, yos: will: accept the accompanying purse of sovereigns, subh scribed by your many friends as 0 small token of their regard. We trust you.will he long spared to pursue your vocation in the, cause of Christianity, and :that you will be as successful in the next scene of :yo'r' lalours "as you':: ave beesh there. Sinined' on :behalf of. the sabscribers, D. M'MuniASS,:` Chsirnian; J,^" CdLsa?Ai, Secretiry; P. Counuwi, B'Seretiary.-Oct. 1877 , . , ,, ,; .Tihe following items ,are. from, the Bairosdale. Advertiser of,,'Vednedoy:-.. We regret toi state that several cases: of diptheria have recently broken..out :in Bairnsdaler 'Aboit :three weeks ago, Mr 'D:'Fitzgerald lnst a'son'saged eight years, 'and'on ''uesday buried a fine little girl in her sixth year.' The third daughter of Mr T. Ray is also a victim to'the same in sidious disease and lies in a very precarious i6nhditiin.-It is rumoured that' a member of an eminent firm of contractors is likely to erect, very sh(irtly, a large and codn modious ihotel in Bairnsdale, with , all the latest conveniences and improvements. 'l'he ground, our informant states, has al ready been secured for the purpose.--The 'Murray will, we understand, on her pre sent trip hein charge of Captain Criacher, Captain Patrick taking the command of the new steamer Rosedale.-Mr P. Platt is the successful tenderer :for the ' new Bank of Australasia at Bairnsdale, and has already commenced operations at the quarry.-We notice that a branchd of the Colonial Bank of Australasia is' to be odpned- at Omeno, on or about the- 6th' of November. No doubt this boon will he duly appreciated by the'residents 6f Omeno.--Wy Yung must be the hebid quar ters of snakedom. Messrs Davies and J. Silvester,. who reside in this favoured locality, have kept a record of the snakes killed by them in their paddock, and from thisawe learn that from' the 20th October, 1870, to 23rd 'October, 1877, they 'have destroyed ito less than 85, the largest being a little over six feet. Apropos of snakes,' we hear of a gentleman, living within a hundred miles of Bairnsdale, ,who lately killed a snake about eft in length, which, upon being opened, was found to contain 39 young ones. Mr Gillies, when Minister of Lands, .framed a regulation permitting two selec tions'within a distance of five miles,. Mr Sharple on Tuesday night asked if this regulation had been ,approved ,by the Governor-in- Council and gazetted.., Mnr Longmore said it had not, it was simply a departmental bye-law. There is::noipro-. ,bability of any .alteration being 'mad in the practice. '' ' :Mr D. M:'Davies asked th'e'Minisotc" of ilands on Tuesday night how.it .'iras the surtrey fees were double on the MIelboinre side of the River MIorwell to those'charged on the Sale side, and the Minister of Lands repd the following explanation: District surveyors in their respective dis tricis adopt the class of fees to be paid by selectors from ihe scales ordinary or speciail according to the nature of the country to be surveyed. 'l'tiecountry on the opposite sides of the River Morwell differs in character. -The usual, fees charged for surveys on the east side are second- cltass, ordinary scale, with mileage, £10 per 320 acres; oni the west side, parish of Narrakin, first-class speciali £15, including mileage fur 320 acres. Mr F. L. Smyth thinks it unjust that the children of wealthy citizens'ahould be dmplnyed by the Goverriment to the ex clusion of the poorer people. .Mr Berry, however, professes to know nothiog about it, and only laughed at the hen. member for North Gippsland. Upon this the T'ele graph remarks :-It is, nevertheless, a fact that many'y'uh'ig ladies who will have dots of several thousands for their marriage portions are occupying positionls, and re ceiving State pay, in the Post-office and Telegraph Department, which would be an unmistakable boon to many destitute widows, and young women dependent on their own exertions for their livelibood. It is the sinple truth to say tlhat scores of such ladies, who have passed the examni nation in telegraphy, are anxious saipli cants for positions which well-to-do young ladies fill for mere pastime, and the sala ries of which they spend as pin-money. 'l'he matter should not be' allwetld 'to rest where it is. It is saiid that the "youngr and rich" Western squatter who is shoirtly t.io marry the ilasighter of Sir HIercules Iobioson, Oovernor of New South Walds, is Mr A. K. Finlay, of Glenormiston. In the Assembly on Wednesday, the Railway Construction Bill, providing for the making of thoseblides abouti.vhlch there is no dispute, was passed through all' its remaining stages and forwarded to the' `Upper House, where- it received, thh Royal assent. " Io the Council on Wednesday, in answer to a question, Mr Cuthbert said the Governiment had not yet decided slist. action tlhey would take with respect to makiiig provision for p?ymoient bf members -whether they would;include it in the Appropriatioh Bill or.nbt. The report of the Savings Banks com missioniers, for the year endiig30thli June last, has been laid before the Assembly. The total amournt of deposits received dur ing the year was £513,199, and tbe'amount of depositors' balances was £923,216. -The sum was only exceeded in the year 1874, when the balances were £980,211. 