NEWS OF THE DAY. m There is very little to be said at present anent the formation of a Ministry, and, as we pointed out yesterdny, it may be some days yet before Mr. Berry is in a position to announce the names of the gentlemen he will associate with him in tbe new Govern ment. One cause of delay has been the absence from town of Mr. Casey, with whom Mr. Berry desires to confer personally, T« #!.,« an intarviaur will tiiL'A nlanA hfltaiian the two gentlemen, at which, no doubt, a conclusion will be arrived at as regards Mr, Casey's joining the new Administration, Some time was occupied yesterday in con sidering the constitutional question, broached in the leading columns of The Aye, and the result is that Parliament will be called toge ther on Tuesday next, solely for the purpose of electing a Speaker, after which the House will adjourn, probably for a month, during whioh the new Ministers will *eek re-eleotion. Sir Charlet Gavan Daffy will probably be nominated on Tuesday next by the Libe ral party as Speaker of the Assembly. It is understood that Sir Charles MaoMahon will also b» nominated by another section of tbe House. The otiioe of Chairman of Committee* will not be filled nntil after the re-election of Ministers and the formal opening of Parliament. The steamer Northumberland, of Messrs. Money Wigrnm and Son's line, trading be tween London and this port, has on this voyage eclipsed her hitherto splendid pas BFigos. She left (as per telegram) Plymouth on the ftOth of March, and was telegraphed off Cape Utway at six o'clock last night, thereby making tile run in forty-six days, allowing for difference of time. She should roach Hobaon's Bay at daylight this morn ing. [We aro informed, at a late hour, that there is sonie doubt whether the steamer telegraphed is the Northumberland.] Commenting on the difficulty that has often been experienced by tbe makers of Cabinets in . obtaining an able Attorney. Coner.il, Mia Plmsant Creek flew* remarks that the office should be made a nun-political one. There is absolutely no reason, it says, Why it should not be ro. This officer's offi. cial duties are of a character tbat does not require his presence in the House. He deals with all criminal matters and law buai ness in which theCrownisintcrested;iieissup. posed to be responsible for the drafting of the bills submitted to Parliament, and usually as sumes the paternity of measures of ateohnical character. It does not follow, however, that an Attoruey.General should be in the House. Anyone, professional or other, wise, may push a legal bill through tha As sembly. Last session Mr. Service succeeded in having a measure of iiisown, dealing with bills of sale, passed into law. Mr. Copptn bad a bobby for occasionally iotrpdu?isg bill* aiwotlfSifftcting tl* lWjgM«ion in manyvital BerticnUr*; »Bd, fof*ct, it is si— pIjTafcrara to ?appoM tkid^imi order to pass l«f_ Will tDroufh th* -JMsblr it U MMnti-feat the MtorM7-0«Mr«l should have a Mat in Mm Room. In N«w Zealand the system adopted was to make the At* torney-General a paid officer like any other bead of a department. It U not so now, we believe, but Ui» cbang* arose, nqfrout of any iucouvcniouco experienced hy tho sb senco of the first law otliccr from tbe House, but tbnt the gentleman selected to iill the position happened to bo an eligible porson for Parliament, aud tho Uovornruent, polng de sirous of strengthening their position, do. parted from the rule that had been ob served. McBsrs. ]!, d'oldsbrough and Co. inform ns that they are in ro-Joipt of a telegram dated London, 15th May, advising that prices are advancing at the wool sales, and that a rise of 5 per coot, on tbe opening rates has been established. Certain irregularities were lately dis covered in tho accounts of Mr. Lynsx, post master at Re! fast, owing to which he was placed under suspension. Subsequent in vestigation led to a warrant being issued, and yesterday Mr. Lynar was arrested at Bal lnrat, brought before the loaalbenoh, and remanded to Belfast. The principal charge is the appropriation of Government funds. The accused is a nr&n; put middle ago, with a family, and has been many years in tbe Government service, OA special number of the Government Qa. zetie contains a proclamation under the hand of tbe Oovernor, fixing Tuesday, the 22nd instant, at twelve noon, for commencing tho first scBsion of the ninth Parliament of Vic toria. We have elsewhere referred to the cause, which necessitates a formal opening of tbe session. Our Sydney telegram states that the Le gislative Assembly has approved of the plan nnd sections of the railway extension to Albury, ao that an important stop 'has been taken towards the early connection of tbe two chief Australian capitals. Our New Zealand ? telegram . announces tbo total wreck of the wool ship Ocean Mail, with a cargo worth £78,000. The oIKcea principally affected are the South Kritish, New Zealand, National, itatavia, and .Victoria. Tbe crew and passengers were snved. The Chief .Tustioe of -South Australia has been sworn in as Acting-Governor of the eo lony. His Honor, it is understood, will con tinue to perform his judicial duties. The trustees of the Pnblto Library Imvo acquired anew piece of sculpture. When Mr. (!. C. Levey, secrotnry to tho Exhibition Commission, was in Komo, ho persuaded Mr, Rummers to present a cast of bis statue, Lyneeusandflypermnestra, to the Melbourne Art Gnllery. The group bss been exhibited in Philadelphia, null attrnoted much atten tion. The story of Lynoeus is known. He was the only one of the husbands of the Danaides who was not killed by his wife on bis wed ding night, Considering the journey which it has made, the cast has arrived in excellent condition, ' The great hope of the reactionist organs, and the rabid free-trade journals,' write* the Kyneton Ub.terre?; ' would seem to be thatthe triumphant Opposition majority retnrned to Parliament on Friday will soon be split up into sections — in fact, that its overwhelming numbers will be its great weakness. We think differently, and believe that M'Cul lochism has received its death blow, and that in future the voice of the people will not be spurned or despised, as it was by tbe moribund Ministry and its latellitef, merely from (elfish motives, and to cling to office, pay and power as long as possible. Pntting aside for the present the subject of the actual constitution of the new Cabinet, whether it be purolya Protectionist Adminis tration, or not— whether the advanced Libe rals in the corner will be included in it or otherwise, we have no doubt it will consist of men of sufficient administrative ability, talent and experience to conduct the busi ness of the country in a manner conducive to the public good.' Referring . to tho recent election, the Kilmore Free Press says :— ' We havo every reason to believe this (Kilmore and Anglesey) district was carved out as closely it*7 possible to make it a safe haven for a Qpvernment candidate, but tho result of the election here must have been somewhat alarming to those who had that objcot in view..' The following tenders were, accepted yes terday by the Board of Land and 'Work* : — Fencing and iron tahic at oourfncniM and police station at Edenhope, J. Spry. £131 Da. Cd.; sundry works and repairs at the post and telegraph olh'ces, Ballarat, Smart and Creed, £392 ; earth olosets, eo»l abed and other works at tbo Custom House.'peelong, John Baxter nnd Son, £134; repairs to the post and telegraph office, Dnhotly, Jas. Faulkner, £10') ITis.; sundry work*. (ver»n dnh, Blieil, &o.; ), Melbourne Gaol,' .las. Ken nedy, £359 111.; boarding ceiling of recrea tion room, Kew Asylum, T. Cole, £127 ; fittings, &o.;, at Industrial Schools, Koyal Park, Wm. (iawne and Co., £176 10s. Cd. A meeting of the Kssendon and Fleming ton Protection League was held last evening, at Colihan's Hotel, Flemington— Cr. Robert Fraser in the chair— a'nd there were about thirty members present. The business of the league having been conoluded, Mr. Donald Cameron, M.L A., warmly thanked those present for the manner in which he had been returned at the head of the poll. He attributed his snecess not so much to his own merits ns to the strong feeling in the country against the action of the majority in the last Parliament, and the dosire to have done with coalition Ministries, and all half-and-half legislation. With regard to hi*. own election, ? he re gretted that much personal animosity had been imported into it, but now tbe battle was over he trusted all would be forgotten, and that he would find his late opponent* his supporters on the next occasion. He felt it necessary to say a few words about the constitution of tho present Parliament, as it had been bitterly assailed by a section of tho prcRs and on the platform. The present House was the creation of the people, as foreshadowed by Sir George Bowen at Paylesford, and to vilify it was therefore to vilify the eleotors who created it. He was certain that when Parliament met it would take steps to punish one of its member's for disrespectful, words uttered ooolly and deliberately on the public platform, and it would ba hi* duty to make him apologise or leave the Houso. He had great confidence in tbe present Par liament, as it was d thorough one, composed of men with set purposes, who could not set aside tbeir prinoiples without loaing the con fidence of the constituencies, and annihilating themselves as politicians. He believed the House would go to work very carefully, and that it would do nothing violent or that the public would regret. He trusted tbat the Liberal leagues would not be disbanded now that their mission was fulfilled, ai they could (till do much good work, and hoped they would achieve the same result at the next eleotion as they had at this. (Hear, hear.) After some remarks from various members, the meeting adjourned. The itfotint AUrander Mail writes : — 'We havo been requested to contradict a statement which appeared in 'Ihe Age. re lative to Mr. Duigan's departure from Castle. maine. The narrative did not escape attea tion, but it was so thoroughly untruthful as to be really below the necessity for contra, diotion point.' Tbe it. A. Mail disin genuously suppresses the fact that we gave the statement quoting the Caxtlnnaine He. prfMMtative as our authority. The popular favor With which Mr. A. T, Clark, tbe member for Williamstown, is re garded by the great majority of his con stitnenoy may bo inferred from the faot that they have paid his election expenses, am] will shortly entertain him at a public banquet in the borongh. An action to recover £99 damages for as sault arising out of a difference of political opinions was heard yesterday, at tbe County Court, before Judge Cope, the plaintiff being Samuel Hal), and tbe defendant Peter Gal lagher, both residing ntMalvern. The parties were in a pnbliohouso at Malyern in Maroh last, and an argument aroBO *-i to the respec. tivo merits of the Berry party and that which acknowledged the late Premier as its leader. The plaintiff was a stanoh M'CulIochite, and after some high words had passed on both sides challenged the defendant to fight, the result being that the challenge was accepted, and the plaintiff knocked down, kioked in tbo ribs several times, and severely injured. Several witnesses corroborated the plaintiff's cose, but a Mrs. Keilty, who was called for the defence, said that only one blow was struck, and the plaintiff was not kicked at all. His Honor found for the plaintiff, with £25 damages. The first annual meeting of subscriber!) tn the Preston X'Vee Library was' held in tho local school of design on the evening of the 16th inat.; tbo president, Mr. firaiihwate in the chair. The honorary secretary, Mr. Wood, read the leport for the year* It showed— receipts £117 17*.; expenditure, £124138. lid.; liabilities, £1512i. lOJd. The chRinaan congratulated the auhiaribers on tb* (nooett that hid attmdad tMrtfforta to provide the means of tattoo- tettnotioti and improvement (ot the 7 oug pwiple ot th* dittriot. A meeting of the Richmond bwnoh of the Kational Refor— «nd Protection Lmcq* was held last eight, at the Great Britain Hotel, Church-street aontb. Mr. Smut wm voted to tho chair. The principal, bntmc*a of the meeting wh to take into consideration tho advisability of gettiug up a petition to pro. sent to Parliament praying the House to sever llichniond proper from Jolimont. After some desultory discussion on the sub. jeet, tho meeting adjourned until Monday next. Lsat night's Caslkmaine Ucpretenlalive says : — ' Not a little astonishment has been excited in Castlemsino by the appointment of the Rev. Mr. Cramer to tho position of organist at Christ Church. The reverend gentleman is known asan excellent musician, and it is equally well known that the con gregation of the Baptist Churob, of which he has been the pastor, has been gradually dwin dling down until a beggarly array of empty benches has but too frequently met the preacher's gaze. Tho appointment aa or ganist necessarily implies the abandonmen' of the pulpit, which is the fact tbat ba: created general surprise. The honorarium t the organist is £f-0 per annum.' The usual weekly meeting of the com ?nittee of management of the Melbourne Benevolent ' Asylum was held yesterday afternoon. There were nine members present, and Mr. Harcoutt occupied the obair. Tho superintendent reported the state of the house to be as follows :— Men, 416 ; women, 215 ; total, 031. There waa a vacancy for one man. Th* resident medical officer re ported : — Number of patient* in the hospital, IS'i males, 9:1 females, total 175 ; patient* under treatment Dot in hospital, 49 males, 9 females, total CS. There had been no deaths during the week. A number of applications for admission into the institution having been dsalt with, th» —acting adjourned. The correct return of the number*1 polled for the electoral district of South Beorke, as declared by the returning officer, Is : — Fergusson, 422 ; Keys, 388; Crewa, 333; Stephen, 153 ; Higgins, 93 ; Davis, 23. A few day* ago, the .S'. M. Herald writes, intelligence wa* received from Captain Steveo, of the Morning Star, that his vessel was totally wreoked in the vicinity of Port Stephens, The captain and the crew saved themaelves from drowning, and succeeded la reaching Cabbagetree Island, tbe north, easternmost of the three islets off the en trance to Port Stephens. But here another fate seemed to await them, for their provi sions had been lost, and starvation atared them in the face. In thin terrible predica ment Captain Steven carefully searched the island, with the object of discovering, it possible, some edible plant that could sustain life until help was forthcoming. After rejecting one thing After another as unfit for food, he at length found a plant bearing pod*, resembling broad bean*, con taining numerous seed* having the appear, ance of large pea*. These were eaten by tbe men, who found them palatable, and . for about nine days they lived on no other food. Captain Steven brought pods of thi* plant to Sydney, but it'is much to be regretted tbat ho did not also bring flowers or leaves, as in the absence 0/ these the specific nature of the plant cannot positively be known, but it is supposed to be Canavalia obtuslfolia. SA interesting a plant should be more widely known, for it* exiatenoe on Caboagetree Island undoubtedly saved the captain and his orew from perishing. A knowledge of this vegetable may not only save other «hip. wreoked crewa from starvation, but may also become a valuable article of food in our gardens. Mr. Otter, landlord of the Yarravillo Hotel, received tiro ugly woundl on Wed nesday night last, inflicted by a- young man named M'lvor, ? resident of the district. M'lvor, who was a little the worse for drink, had been quarrelling with some one in the bar, when Mr. Otter requested him to be quiet, but the man becoming more furious Mr. Otter tried to eject him, during which time M'lvor stabbed him with his pooket-lmife. Tbe police having arrested him, he was bronght before ? justieo of tho peace yesterday aud remanded till Wednes day next. James Holt, aged twenty-nine years, re siding in Little I.atrobe-street, was admitted to the Melbourne Hospital yesterday, suffer ing from injuries to the head, caused by his being thrown out of a cart, which he was driving for Mr. Wheeler, £1 Latrobe-stree*. The usual monthly meeting of the oom mittee of the Brighton HoTtfpnlittral Society wan held at the Orderly-room, Brighton, on Friday evening, 11th inat.; Mr. I). Master ton (president) in the chair.- The minutes of the previous meeting were road and oou firmed. The resolution passed at the March meeting of the committee, fixing the trea surer's salary at ten guineas per annum, wa* rescinded, Mr. Wrfgley having deolined to act if tbe office was a paid one. A vote of thanks was passed to those gentlemen who have given special prizes to be competed for at the society's next show. A subcom mittee was appointed to consider the nd visability of proonring a suitable site as a permanent showground for the use of the society. Mr. O. Kenna, gardener to Mr. W. K. Thomson, exhibited ? nice plant of Abntilon vexillarum varioatum in a pot as n plant suitable for table decoration, also cut blooms of the Solandra Cevis from a plant growing out of doors, a handsome evergreen shrub with large trumpet-shaped flowers ; it requires a warm situation. Tho ship Northam will take from Sydnoy the first cargo o( frozen meat. The Sydntii ifnrnhiq llrxald state* that tho ship is being fitted up in accordance withMr.Nicolie'splans, anil is now almost ready to receive the ma chinery, which will be fitted in the conrso of a few day* ; after whioh the meat will be at once placed on board, and the vessel will sail about the end of the month. A lighthouse keeper in Sydney harbor has mysteriously disappeared. The Herald says that the President of tho Marine Board has received a telegram from South Head, reporting that one of the orew of the lightship at tbe Sow and Pig* Beef had oome on shore, and stated that Captain ftobson, the lightship keeper, was missing. Mr. Sub-inspector Ferris having been in. formed of tbe occurrence at once de. ?patched a boat's crew with all necessary gear to drag for the body, it being supposed that Captain Robson had fallen overboard. The police dragged for the body all day, but were nnsuccessf ul in their efforts, which, however, will be renewed this morn ing. A company, called the City of Sydney Coal Mining Company, ha* been formed, tho ?v. M. Herald asyti, for the purpose of work ing the Newington estate, on the Parramattit Biver, The area is large, confuting of 1500 acres, and the position is highly favorable for the carrying on of a trade in coal, if only they obtain the coal itself of good quality and at a reasonable distance from the sur face. In order to thoroughly test the ground, money has been subscribed to bore 1000 feet, ami more if necessary. Energetic step? ore being taken to prosecute the venture with out delay, and correspondence has already been opened with the United States to send one of their new Dia .ond drill machines, with men accustomed to work it. The great advantages claimed for the diamond drills, in contrast with ordinary boring rods, are despatch and certainty. Instead of a few inches per day, they are guaranteed to bore through from twenty to thirty fete, and in stead of bringing to the surface pounded and mutilated fragments, they »how a . perf eor core (in ten-feet lengths) of unbroken strata. Within a couple of months, therefore, of the commencement of operations, this company will have settled the vexed question of coal underlying Sydney within sv payable depth. The Cornwall Chronicle reports a shocking accident with firearm*: — Mr. Clarence French wa* ploughing on his father's farm at Glenore, when some boys came to him with a gun, and asked him to extrioate the ramrod, which they had got fast in the bar rel. He tried to pull the ramrod out, and one of tbe boys put a cap on the nipple to prevent the powder from falling out in tbat direction. In struggling to get the ramrod out, the hammer came down on the nipple, and. the result was almost immediate death, as tho ramrod was shot through his cheat. Tbe poor lad only spoke onoe after being shot, and tbat was to say, ' Take me homo to my mother.' Hit. Bennett, hearing the report, went over to the field and took Clarence in his arms to carry him home, but the poor lad died almost immediately.' An extraordinary general meeting of tho Northern Territory Newspaper and Tele graphic Agency Company (limited) was held on 14th May, at Adelaide, the Heg'ieter re ports, for the purpose of confirming resolu tions passed at a recent special meeting o( the shareholders to wind up the company voluntarily. The resolutions were con firmed. The monthly meeting of tbe general com mittee of the Victorian Discharged Prisoners Aid Society was held oniMonday last, at thi office pf the society, 24 Market-buildings, Collins- street west, at which tbe following members ifere in attendance, vir,, Messrs. BeUin, B*aaoh»mp, Moody, Morgan, Prince, Lou. eewctaxy., Mr. Belli* occupied tio chair. ??- Xbsi ? eateoative reported- that ttarty* nineajrplioatuas from thirty-fowr '«*?» e»d «*e .maim had Jm recMvtd ctnrwg tb* month, and wer» deal* with in th*- following nuuuMr, yii.:-Um wM by low. 1 ; with clothing, 7; sea* np country. and pro vided with olothiofc 4j withtooli, 2; re. commend*! for ndminlon U- the Iatnigrut* Home, 9 ; fouud employment, 3 ; tinder con sidorstion, 1 -,-total 27. Befuscd assistance, 3 ; failed to appear, 4. Women muted with fare up country, 2 ; recommended to Immigrants' Home, 2 ; failed to follow up application, 1. The agent's report declared that the men under hi» innnediate suiveil. lance wore all porseverirjg in tbeir respective aituatiom, and apparently doing well. 1 be collector's report intimated that during the month he had vilited Geeloug and received a ready response to hit canvass for aubaerip. tions, all the subscribers of former years again contributing, and many new ones. He proposed devoting the ensuing month to can vassing the suburbs, viz., \ViUiamstown, F ootaeray, Richmond, St. Kilda, Brighton, &o.; The applications to the meeting were tbree, to eaoh of which help waa accordod. At the Hothnm Police Court yesterday the truant inspector under the Education Act summoned nineteen parents for not comply ing with the provisions of the act in respect to the attendance of children. Seventeen of them were fined 2s. 6d. each, and the other two oases .were postponed. The people sum moned appeared to be very respectable, and the magistrates warned them that if in future they neglected to attend to the educational training of their ohildren tiioy . would be more severely dealt with. The Sandhurst Brickmaken' Eight Hours Union has resolved to strike on the 21st inat. for Ss. per day, 14a. par 1000, and 7«. 6d. for ground clay. On the 11th inst. ? very remarkable rise and fall' of the tide waa observed at Now . castle and duly recorded by the automatic Udaj- amnkefixew. at the aitotr waiting-room. First Tof all, between the hour* of five and aiz o'clock a.m., the veaaela lying in the . stream were observed to take ? singular posi tion, for, although it waa than flood tide, they awung in various directions, and continued such eccentricities during the whole of the day. At half-past eleven a.sn. there was a rapid. fall of the tide, showing tbirty^one inohes in about four minutes. Again, at two p.m., although the tide waa ebbing, there waa ? rise of twenty.two inches within the minute. This latter caused the vessels to swing flood for ? time, but afterwards they re turned to their formsr position. Capt. Allen took very careful note of the occurrence, and transmitted the information by telegraph to the 'Sydney Observatory. ' At noon, on Friday the barometer read 29.026 ; the wind waa westerly and the sky overcast. At two p.m. the themometer read 72. The Bendigo Advertiser haa been shown by Messrs. Bider and Moore, gardeners and florists, of Hargreaves-atreet, a very peculiar potato. The root in question bears an almost perfeot resemblance to the head of as aged man, the nose, mouth, teeth, chin and eyea being all defined. To the curious in such matters the potato will prove an interesting object. Two large guns— sixty-eight and eighty pounders,— will, the Oetlong Advertiser states, be placed on the beaoh near the ritle butts, so as to enable the artillerymen to in dulge in a little shot and shell practice.' Some of the gnna at present in course of removal from the battery will be placed at the Artillery. Orderly-rooms, In Little Malop street, for drill purposes. A ghost baa made its appearance in the onion district of Bellarine. The Advertiitr says : — ' A well-known resident, on return ing home from Portarlington a few evenings ago, somewhere in the small hours, saw as he approached hie residence what to him ap peared to be the figure of a woman in an erect attitude, bnt motionless. Kound the head of the spirit was a dim halo, which looked supernatural, and the features bore a atrong ressmblanoe to those of a young lady of the district, who, unfortunately for the advocates of spiritism, is stitl living. With the courage of his race, he made towards her spiritship, and was abont to ask the reason of so late a visit, when to his amazement the figure proved to be a ' Walker,' for it soon disappeared with lightning speed (cross the onion fields into utter darkness. The onion grower, on seeing this, took to his heels, and was soon safe inside a bolted door, bnt so overcome waa he with fright that he swooned away — a circumstance that to tfim never oc curred before. The ghost has caused great MoltMnsot in the locality. AafttelvwlU no doubt be instituted, and very likely some mediam'will be introduced ia order to aaotr tain, if possible, the object of this visit from the spirit land. The lady whom the figure resembled bos become. very sorious, and the superstitious expect something awful to happen at Bellanne shortly.' Last evening A Bird in the Hand WorthTwo in the Bush waa repeated at the Academy of Music, and waa followed by The Orange Tree and Humble Bee. The tropical aoonery prepared for the latter piece by Mr. Grist meets with universal approbation, and the singing and dancing of Miss May Vivian and the Misses Grey find general applause. Last night these graceful danoera were frequently enoored. The extravaganza is embellished with a variety of new and amusing comio songs. On Saturday The Two Roses will be reproduced, at the request of the Governor, who will be present. The U. S. Minstrels gave a capital enter tainment last night at St. George's Hall. Mr. Rockefeller will take his benefit to night. Mr, T. Hudson, who has been on a' professional tour in India, will make his re appearance this evening. Girofie.Girofla waa repeated at the Opera House last night before a largo audience, Miss Catherine Lewis appearing in the title role. Her singing and acting were excep tionally good, and the manner in whioh Mr. Beaumont acquitted himself left little to bo desired. This evening and to- morrow La Fills de Madame Angot will be performed. The capital manner in which Eileen Oge has been produced at the Theatre Royal is securing large patronage and publio favor. ]«st night it was played in a spirited manner to a good audience. yi -.-.... Received.— Georga Robertson's Book Circular for April and May; and the Twelfth Annual Re port of the Upper Goulburu District Hospital, Wood's Point. At the Flemington Town Hall on Tuesday next, Miss Martha Turner will deliver a lecture on Familiar Talk on Sanitary Subjects, in connection with the Australian Health Society. The Rev. Dr. Dattner Jacobsohn, recently from Vienna, & candidate for the vacant position of minuter to the Melbourne Hebrew Congregation, - will officiate in the synagogue- on Friday even ing and Sabbath morning next, and will preach in German during the Mnsaph Service. .. Another of the public schools bos adopted the practical suggestion of the hon. secretary of the Humane Society, that ohildren should be taught the instructions issued by the society for saving life. Professor J. B. Wilson, M.A., bead matter of the Geeloog Grammar School, has de *\AmA ttiat all ttiM nnnila shall twk aAHMftAA in viusu . «u.»a B.- *ww ynfua wan an* nhmww tu these special subjects as proposed. A presentation of a .silver cup and P.M.'s cer tificate was made on Wednesday to Mr. Jos. Diion, by the members of tbe Manchester Unity Independent Order of Oddfellows, No. 4933, at Beet's Pembroke Hotel, St. Kilda. Mr. John Alias Smith, P.S., occupied tbe chair. A pre sentation of a P.lt's certificate was also made to Mr. Arcbibold Mitchell, who has been very ener getic In promoting the interests of the lodge. A frst'closs sapper was provided by Mr. Sees for tbe members. On Wednesday evening last a mestiog of the St. Patrick's Old Collegians' Association was held in tbe Assembly HaU,' Collins-street. ' A most able and inUrestiBglsetmre was delivered by the Rev. J. O'iUUey/S.J., oo Philosophy. It was listened to with great interest by aJlprttent, and a hearty vote ©f thanks, proposed by Mr. Charles *J. JWHUjr, Jan., wu bgcujuvu uiv loit gvuuoaiM], Business in connection with the association occu pied the remainder of the evening. 'The general eotnmit.ee of management of the Homceopathia Hospital held their usual monthly meeting at the hospital, Spring-street, on Wed nesday Tast. Mr. Win. Templeton, P.M., occupied the cbair. The secretary read a letter received from Mr. Oroneh, in which that gentleman ex pressed hisregret at being compelled, taroaRb press of business, to resign his place on ail future sub* committees, At the request of the chairman, Mr. Hunt consented to act in lieu of Mr. Crouch. The state ef the house, as reported by the secre tary, was as follows .?—Admitted since,la»t meet ing, 7; discharged, 6; deaths, nil; remaining in hospital, 11 ; out-patients attending, 263. Bills amounting to £77 7a. lOd. Were passed for payment. ' The secretary requests us to acknow ledge the following contributions : — Wm. Peter ion, £2 2s.; Jas. M'Ontcheon, £1 1«;; Win. Layley, £1 Is.; Caro and Co., £1 Is.; W. S. Bates, £1 Is.; J. Davidson, £1 Is. ; Eeroyd and Dauby, £1 Is. ? 