A GOONDIWINDI GHOST A cobbbskwdbnt at Gooudiwindi furnishefl ub with " a norrible. story,'' which, has given us the creeps, but which should make the fortune;;;; of the public house which is lucky enough to .' have a real ghost for a tenant; the only one, we fancy, with which matter-of-fact Queens- •' land has yet been favoured. .Here is-a fall,'. > true, and particular account of the Gobndi windi ghost:— • ' -r An amusing inoident of a rather puzzling'; nature has recently been exercising the: minds of the Goondiwindians, but which, with all their astuteness and ingenuity,.they fail rightly to comprehend. For my own part I never did encourage credence in apparitions, ghoats, &c.;,: - and was always of opinion that supernatural appearances could be accounted for by natural, rational causes; that modern enlightenment and the march of science had for ever expelled ' all foolish fancies anout these absurdities; and - that all the brownies, fairies-, elves, witches, and wizards of olden times-were for ever buried in oblivion. Be my belief, however, as it may in this respect, I am not at liberty to dispense with lacts when supported by testi mony of the-truth of which I cannot entertain a doubt. "Facts," as the Burni&n; pen describes them, " arc stubborn things that downa bo dis puted." The present ghost story, therefore, being a fact, I shall gifo it only as such, and allow others their various'interpretations of the true meaning thereof. Tho subject haa been occupying the minds here both of. the. sober and the silly, both of tho learned and the ignorant, its effect on tho former causing only unmitigated merriment, on the latter consunx- \• mate terror. It appears that in a certain hostelry hare, ,... which naa now acquired the name 01 the Dtdd Howe, something .in the shape of a supernatural existence has of late made ' its appearance, much to the annoyance, dis-' - ' comfiture, and horror of the inmates, and that, too, repeatedly and in the presence of several . individuals at tho same time. • By the female' domestics—some of whom have for ever aban^ doned the tenement in consequence-~ifc kts* been described as being of diminutive size,. t - with one eye, sporting a ponderous gold chain * hung round its neck, while its fingers are . literally covered with enormous rings of the eame, •nmrdmts metal. But the masterpiece of. this unearthly visitant, say they, is this: that it is not satisfied only with a simplo manifest taticm of its fashionable grandeur^ but has actually attempted its sense of feeling on the terrified domestics. Threo times at this exer cise did it mako its appearance at a young woman'a bedside, and three times was it with difficulty repulsed. The door of tho bod chamber had been securely locked and bolted; the windows also tightly nailed and fastened, whilst there was no aperture or crevice either of entrance or egress whereby anything. material oould be admitted or make escape. It is, therefore, conclusive,* if not absolutely cer tain, that tho visitant is not of 'this earth, and must belong to some genus in the spiritual world, of which we know nothing. It might probably belong to the hobgoblin species, or it. might be of the brownie or fairy extraction, or of tho elf, witch, or wizard land. At all events, it is a most unmannerly spirit. There were such things, we know, in olden times, and those who doubt the truth of thifi must also ; doubt .the truth of their Bible. If such . existed then, why not now? In confirma tion of the popularity of our ghost, I saw a" notice on a tree, where I read the following, . which I penned verbatim O, ladies bo ware of the dead house, ■ . i , . It boars a moat horrible name, A ghost's to be seen in the night there, Wearing two rings aad a chain. • It makes its way right through tho windows, 'Tho' fastened and nailed very tight; And slips in besidn the young ladies, ■ . ,( When iu bed at their slumbers at night. They say it resembles a gunner, That has lost ono eye in the field. And makes its retreat through the key-hole When the lady commences to squeal. At tho meeting of the Hospital Committee • held on the 8th insfc, a week's notice was given to' the contractor for the supply of bread to tcruri- • nate his contract in consequence of complaint* having been made as to the quality of tho broadt .« supplied. The contractor in question has' brought us a loaf of the bread which ho says Is " a good sample of that which he has been iu tho ' '! habit of supplying to the Hospital. The loaf in . question appears to us to be of excellent quality, and it is sweet both to the tasto and smell. "Whe ther the bread supplied to the Hospital is of the same quality wo are not, of course, in a position to say. The Settler's excursion on Saturday after- .: noon was patronised by a largo number of pleasure seekers. Tho vessel west'out , to the anchorage, and steamed round' the immigrant ship Nairnshire. Mr. Irish• presided at the harmonium, and dancing .*, was carried on with great spirit during tho trip. .. The steamer reached Brisbane on her return shortly before 7 o'clock. Amongst the passengers by the Florence ■ Irving, for Sydney, on Saturday, was Major, ., John M'Donnoll, Commandant of the Queens- . ; land Volunteers. Mr. M'Donnoll intends to '. , assist at tho volunteer encampment of the. \ "Victorian Rifles at Sunbury, Victoria; at Faster; - 