ON THINGS IN GENERAL. When a poor family loees the bread-winner, what is the first thing considered? You are told -proper re spect tar tte dead. If wealthy people dioose to ex- ' peud a large sum of mousy on undertakers' wares, and consider that they tone honor tte dead, it is their own business. But if the poor imagine that they cannot clear their consciences without a similar out lay, it is the duty of all pnblio teachers to disabuse them of the notion. The sacrifices wMah vary poor people make to look " respec table" at the funeral are known to everybody, and it does not require a very shrewd observer to de- teat the tact that the costly drenses.&c.;, are procured less in honor of toe dead Jbanot tte survivors. Bnt it's not all snobMshness. Tte present writer has no scruple in walking tte back streets in boots down at heel, but would not asm to face an andunoefn toe Alfred Hell with such supports. A funeral is .bout tte only " public appearance " of toe poor, and at euch times poor humanity likes to have its boots heeled. Dr Moothouse complains that the Victorian public are not good church-goers. Ab: ut two tlnrdfl of the total population of tte colony attend no place of worship, and toe bishop therefore considers we are in a bad way. J. K. Emmett, the actor, cays that for pleasure-seeking Melbourne beets any city he has ever been in. And everyone knows our rage far out-door e ports — the Cup day, tte pedestrians, the cricketers, &c.; All visitors Bay our public assemblages behave welL Oar criminals and paupers are fewer in propor tion to the population than morechuroh-gaing nations. Hasty observers, therefore, might contend, with some degree cf plausibility, that tte emptier tte pews the greater is the spread of morality. For myself, bring s profound observer from my yonth up, I am of opinion that it is tte quality of pulpit orations which requires improvement, if our churches ore to be better filled. And the subject-matter wffl have to be much men varied than it is at present, if the clergy hope te retain the intelligent portion of their oapgregatian. Tte pieactet who rambles along through Jewish bistoty.ordrydqreutism, while people sod inthrir pews, might as well, and or«rII, to stop, and tend over tte business to some tetter qualified man- Ndpreocher is good for mnch, unless te keeps the stupidest man in Ms congregation awake. Biehop . Thornton knows whet be'a obooi. Maty- borough is tte great bead centre of infidelity in Vic toria. In that city of public money is Issued the Adeertiser and Two jrorid«,P»per8 which inform their reader doily toal Christianity, as reacted to-day, is of diabolic origin. Therefore an imported eighty- ton gtm is required. He thinks neither of ths fifteen small bores could do toe. work required. By the last mail the Government reoeived an im- portant communication from toe French Government. It appears that they had intended holding a Universal Exhibition nextyesr at Paris, bat that lears were en tertained that European complications might nut a stop to the great show. Could the Chief Secretary, in the event of war, furnish them with a site in Victoria? The Cabinet thereupon resolved to reserve Dnnolly lor such a contingency. Hence the railway. Tte strongest bonds - of union amongst men are these of race, language, and religion. People of toe same race and language understand one another better than they understand foreigners; hence Scotchmen employ Scotchmen, and Irishmen Irishmen. All these three -bonds of union exist between the British and Americans; and toe latest news goes to stew that tte American sympathy with toeloral subjects who lately kept up her Majesty's birthday in toe United States, and tte hearty reception of General Grant in England, are preliminary to a more lasting alliance then is pos sible in any of toe compacts between otter European powers, arising out of tte temporary political interests ol the honr. Two brothers held a large interest in a certain go'd mine. One of -them was toe mining manager, and from indications below te perceived that the palmy days of toe mine were over. Shane stood Mgh in tte market Like most mining men, they first satisfied their consciences that the community was mock better able to bear a loss than themselves, and then set to work at once to accommodate the public with Bhares. Enter mining manager into directors' meeting, drunk and insulting, and is dismissed from the company's ser vice witoont further notice. The two brothers vow they will rush their shares on tte market Directors, toontwittoem, send ward totteebaremarkBtexoosing their tittle game, and meanwhile quietly buy hp toe brothers' shares, and laugh. They flattered them selves they were too deep fcr toe brothers. But as shares w . nt dovru and down, and tte mine never paid another dividend, tte directors have since laid their head6 together, and it has dawned opon them that the brothers knew very well who would buy them out And when tte subject is mentioned to toe two, they always smile from ear to ear. Dr Hearn's petition against Mr Macgregor's election has teen refteed, and local preachers have now a clear and legal right to go in and steady toe ark of the State- But they must pass an examination previous to the next general elenrinn. tha l/>rl hntiW ha tiitc-d for J ewiali history. ore — Mill, boots iv. and v.; Brassey's Work and wages, Gulzot'e History of Re presentative Government, Thornton on Labor, Byrne's Industrial Science, Bastiat's smaller" treatise on Political Economy, Dr Hearn's Plutology, bpeooer's Study ef Sociology, Spencer's Essays, 1st, 2nd, and 3rd series; and Mrs Millioent Fawcett's Tales in Political Economy. Whatever successes toe Turks may have ted so far in the East, it is very plain that tte Russians are surely making their way towards Constantinople. Already a large army has found its my as far south aB Baegrad, while eighteen battalions have crossed tte supposed impasBable Balkans, and are within eighty miles of tte Adrianople railway to Constan tinople. If there is to te any Interference from out side powers, it will in all probability be when Con- . stantuiople is threatened, and that event, from present appearances, does not appear far distant chould Profesaor Pearson recommend tte total or partial abolition of tte result system, te wffl remove tte great inducement now held out to teachers to dis courage toe attendance oi blockheads. And it will not tax his mental powers over much to devise a system of classifying teachers with respect to their attain ments and length of service, and lay down a definite system by which every teacher, from pupil teachers to first-class hononnen, may know exactly what" to do to ensure promotion, . Tte whole of the present dis satisfaction amongst teachers arises from the system of classifying schools instead of .mom " They say ' honesty is tte best policy,' bnt I deny it," soliloquised a cat, as he passed to take breath, with Ms bead in the milk-jog. "Free thought is always tte first step to free anting," interrupted - iddy, as she seized him by tte tail and proceeded to drive a nail with Ms head. "Give a fellow time to wipe Ms month," yelled Tom, as Ms head came against tte walL ' The precepts ef honesty are binding at all times," continued Biddy— missing tte nail lor tte third time. " YonH never beat thai into my head," re.lied tte cat, " for I rely on another claws." And he climbed np his own body, and fastened teeth and forefingers into Biddy's arm. ' Setter keep out of arm's way," Ehe said, and plunged him into a tub of hot soapy water. "This is getting rather warm," quoth the cat, as he quitted his hold and climbed out of the tub. He statioued himself in acorner, end swore by the whiskers of his grandfather to sell his for dearly. Tail perpendicular; eyes as wide open aa the soapy water WooldnUew; fnr along toe back at right angles to toe siine. ' Tte dominant races most rule," said Biddy, flinging tte Sat-iron. "Mind rises superior to brute force," retorted Tom, as te sprang amongst the crockery, bung in tte window-enrtain, and finally re turned te his comer, tail etnighter than ever. " Better open the door and let me out with the honors ol war," he suggested. She assented, bnt assured Mm she wonld yet he level with Mm. " Let's dry myself by the fire first," be stipulated. She agreed, and he fell asleep by toe fire, - and dreamt that the lower races had got np a revolution, had at last shaken off human despotism, and that he was finishing off a meat pie left on a king's table, while toe said Mug-was vainly endeavering to get his head into a milk jug at tte other end ol toe table. "I always ted faith in tte destiny of onr race," te muttered in Ms deep. He now awoke, and found himself at tlw bottom oi a sack, in company with two bricks. " What do yon think of your destiny now you're awake," jeered Biddy, as she Sited tte sack and proceeded to a dam. " Tte individual may perish," te replied, " but tte race survives. I con at least die tike a brick " " You'll die with two bricks," ehe B&id;, and laughed et her own wit Meanwhile Tom was working away tooth and nail, ii I may be allowed tte expression, at a weak place in tte bag, and when Biddy dropped it on tte bank and searched ronnd for a pole to hoM Mm under water, te worked Mb way out and made for home. She held the bag under lor five minutes, and then turned homeward with a sigh of relist "Thank Heaven, that's done with," she arid, as ate entered tte kitchen. "Not at all,'- said a voice, wMch mads her flesh creep. What am I to understand by this," gasped Biddy, sinking into a chair, and address ing, as she thought the ghost of her late enemy. "From given experiences," te replied, " tte" lessons learnt - vary with toe capacity of tte observer; or,- as tte great eaeayist in tte Australasian wonld put it, oracularly—' Various are the capacities of observers, and to submit to toe inept intelligence of tte vulgar, tte last efforts of genius were to, &c-;' Very good. I will not strain your in tellect by submitting any of tte various problems of life and death germane to tte present occasion. If yon have any familiarity with the proverbs current amongst your race, you will know that tte stiffened corpse which now lies immobile at toe bottom of yon slimy pit, holding in its last rigid embrace a brick, and in its month piece of a sack that Graham Berry's tax will never reach, represents only one-ninth of toe vital force which animated tte individual how address ing you. Eight-ninths of yours truly still breathes atmospheric air, and hopes long to enjoy tost ozone wliich your recent strategy has denied yonder hap less ninth. Bnt my throat is parched ; I cannot pro ceed ' — (glancing at the milk jog.) Having lapped np a sancerful, te resumed—" A parallel case presents itself in the matter of tte deviation road at the Gong Gong." (To be coKfioued) Walking Stewart. 