A QUEER COURTSHIP. You know how ic is in a letter (began i ne little shop-keeper, rubbing her thin hands to gether helplessly). I wsb writing to brother Joshua away down East, hundreds of miles from here, and happened to tell him, among other things, that the widow lady that helped teach school here, and boarded with me, was going away. I didn't say a word one way or the other about Mr. Steele, for what did it matter to them whether he was a tyrant or not ? I only wanted to tell them I'd been at a good deal of expense in fitting up the room, and I didn't mind her board money so much as I did to have the chamber idle again, and nobody about the house but myself, though she was poor company at the be3t, being sickly in constitution and low in spirits the most of the time, and after a while nearly driven crazy by the continual badgering and bickering of Mr. Steele. She used to come home at night that worn out, what with the wickedness of the children and the eternal nagging of the school-master, that I've seen her put her head down on the table and cry fit to break her heart. She said she couldn't please him, do what she might, and it was ruining her nerves to see him beat the boys' iu the way that he did. She was sure he'd break some of their bone3. I tried to cheer her as best I eould, telling her that boys' bones were tough, and the little rascals deserved to be paid up for some of their deviltry. After an'thour or two she'd come ftrouuti Rqcilix Him 00 cuuiiuruAUivi uulj xa 1x10 i what was the use ? The next day, perhaps, she'd be worse than ever, and the creature's health began to fail so, I was glad wheu she gave up and went away. She was very down hearted, Sam Riley, the stage-driver, said, all the way down to the train, and he gave it as his opinion that Mr. Steele was no better than a black-hearted tyrant. SimisEucha good-natured fellow that it quite wore upon his mind, and he stopped a bit with me on his way to the evening train to talk it 'over. I wanted him to get some ittle„t,hing3 for me at Pikeville, and while I was making out the memorandum, Sam told me how he pitied whatever poor body was to take that poor creature's place. You can just fancy how I felt when Sam drove up to the door chat night, and I went out to get the package, to see brother Joshua's daughter Jemima on the seat with Sam, chatting and laughing away as merry as a cricket. I was powerful glad to see the child, bub dreadfully mortified to find her tucked in there with the driver. .1 told Sam pretty sharply that he oughc to know better, for their was plenty of room inside, and I didn't know what the boarders over the way would think of it. " She was bound to ride outside," said Sam ; " and a wilful woman must have her way." "Why, its all the fashion up our way," said Mime. " The summer boarders swarm all over the tops of the coaches like so mauy lively bees; but if it hurts anybody's feel ings, I'm sorry. Asohool marm must mind her p's and q's." "A sohool-marm ?" I said, wondering what the child meant. Then she told me she'd come out to take that poor little woman's place; that she'd written to Mr. Steele as soon as iny letter was read at home, for she conldu't get along at the school there. "It would take a saint to put up with their airs and their interference, and yon know I like to have my own way," said my niece Jemina. " Yes," I said, for I had known Mime's temper from a child. Any body could see from her hair how fiery she was ; but the dear ohild was just as the good Lord bad seen fit to make her, and I, for one, never hold red-haired people accountable for freaks of temper. Only you can see how ridiculous it seemed to me for her to teaoh under Mr. Steele. " Oat of the frying-pan into the fire, Mime," I said. " The school-master has it all his own way here, and he's little better than a brute. I've seen under my own eyes a woman's heart almost broken with him." Then I went on to tell how he'd tormented that poor widow woman into giving up the place, and how I'd seen her worry and fret till the skin fairly dropped off her bones. " ""tfooh 1 pooh !" said my niece; "the skin won't drop off my bones, aunty." Aud I couldn't help thinking what a pity it would be if it did, for whiter aud finer and wholesomer skin I never did see. It was the kind that so often comes with red hair, and a lovelier colour never was in a blossom than bloomed in Mime's cheek when she cried out, "I've got to fight it out somewhere, aunty; let him mind his own business, and I'll mind mine !" My heart fairly warmed to the girl as she sat opposite me at the table, crunching slice after slice of toast between her white teeth, and devouring the dainties one by one. The little widow had been so finicky, and I had suoh a poor appetite myself, that things came .and went upon the table, and were warmed up and fused over till a body got tired of seeiug them. Then Bhe was my own flesh and blood, and had the Schoonmaker nose, a little high with Mime, and freckled over the bridge a bit, but she was a bonny, blithe, fresh-looking creature, sotdifferent> from the wretched little woman that had just gone away. I couldn't bear the thoughts of her spirits and health being broken by ;that dreadful Mr. Steele. " I'll tell you, Mime," I said, as she dried the dishes for me, " what we'll do. You shall stay at home with me and help about the shop ; there's bonnets now and then to trim, and lots of little knicknacks in worsted- work to be made." "Now, aunty," said Mime, "a buffalo would be less clumsy at trimming a bonnet than I would, and as for worsted-work — " " I suppose so," I said, for I could see she was determined to teach. The next morning she went to school, and for a month or so everything weut right, and I didn't hear a word of complaint from her. She made fun enough of the school-master, and said he didn't know how to manage the boys, and made himself more trouble thau was necessary ; that a coaxiDg word of hers went farther than a dozen slashes with that rod of his ; but everyone had their ewn way. and it was none of her business. She was getting along splendidly, and the smaller children were quite delighted with a way she had of picturing out things on the black-board. Mime was quite ready with her pencil, and had made us laugh, Sam Riley and me, many a time by scrawling off funny conceits on paper. - Sam Rily began to drop in at night, and I noticed he was quite taken with Mime. Sam was well to do, add, outside of hia line of stages, owned a fine house down on the main road. Sam didn't mind being hit off himself once iu a while— him and his horses and passengers aud all ; he used to sit back in his chair and laugh till the tears rolled down his cheeks, and look over at me, wink ing and blinking, and whispering, under his breath, what a wonderful womau she wa?. " She's as fresn and handsome as a rose," he would say when Mime was out of the room ; "and what health she's got, and what spirits !" I could see how things were going. Dear 1 dear 1 I used to sit and picture it all out to myself, and think how nice it would be to have Mime settled near me for life. So when she came home one afternoon from school, with a bright spot burning on either cheek, an angry flame in her eyes, and said to me that war had begun between her and Mr. Steele, I didn't so much mind, for I thought the sooiier she got discouraged she better. Sam was well on to thirty, and "though Mime's skin made her look youngei thau she was, there wasn't so much differ ence as you'd think between their ages. " He's forbidden my illustrations on the black-board, aunty," said Mime ; and though I didn't know one bit of board irom another, I could see by the way she felt about it that it was a great spite to Mime. "He calls them pernicious and exciting to the imagina tion, and iojurions to more practical require ments," said Jemima. And I couldn't quite get the hang of his objections, for every word of the schoolmaster's was as long as the moral law, but I could tell it was some imposition of his. " He's a narrow-minded idiot, and I shall tell him so if he persists in this notion," said Mime. "If he persists," I said, "you'd better give it up. He'3 bo set in his way, there's no use crossing him." " I won't let him cross me," said Mime, and she didn't. She went on with her pictures on the blackboard for a full week or more, till one night there was a rap at the sitting-room door, and it gave me quite a turn to see the long bony figure of the school master standing on the threshold. Mime started up, a hot jeolour leaping into her face, and stood there confronting him like a young Jezebel. The man looked pale enough himself, sink- int? infcn t,h« chair I sat for him as if he was quite warn and spent like, and he seemed beat out in some way ; for though he fixed his eyes savagely on Mime, there was some thing in 'em that looked tired and hunted. "I have come here to, remonstrate with your niece, madam," he said to me, " though I've found it of very little use and profit heretofore ; but however capable and efficient he may be, and however judicious it may seem to retain her services, her spirit of in subordination is too dangerous au example to the naturally, rebellious and headstrong temperament of youth. She must confine herself strictly to the rule3 that govern the method of instruction. The trustees — " " Don't put it on the trustees," broke in Mime ; and I was glad she took it upon her self to answer him, for I couldn't make out head or tail of what he was saying, what with his long words and thesfluster I was in. " The trustees are mere lay figures for you to dress your petty schemes of conceit and tyranny upon." He waved his hand impatiently, and went on : " It is the will of the trustees that you shall put aside the puerile and reprehensible course you have taken in exciting the imagination and creating frivolous and mischievous emotions. The pursuits of my own class have been interrupted, their atten tion distracted — " " Why don't your class miud their own business?" said Mime. "Why do you look at me, for listen to me, or bother with me at all ? It is not your class that is disturbed, Mr. Steele, it is you." The school-master's face suddenly reddened, then grew paler than before ; he wiped the perspiration from his long high forehead, and his bony fingers actually trembled on his knees. I don't wonder he was mad, for Mime went on in the most outrageous way. Her spunk was up, and she wasn't a bit afraid of him. et TT _ ) A 1 A _ _ T V J5 _ lou cauu uear w see &uowieag9; inaae easy and pleasant," she said. " You'd like to knock every new idea into the brain with a sledge-hammer ; you hate to look over at the children and me, aud see ua making light of our task— it's gall and wormwood to you, Mr. Steele." " Hush, Mime 1" ,1 said, for I could see that he was getting more and more excited, and I didn't know but what he'd fling the lamp at her head, or something. But he mastered himself, and up he got and went away without another word ; and pretty soon Sam Riley came in. I thought we'd have a nice evening, for Mime was in high feather ; and sitting down to the table, she caught up a pencil and made the school-master take every ridiculous shape that ahe could. Her eyes shone and her cheeks glowed, and I didn't wonder Sam couldn't take his eyss of her face. " Say the word, Mime," said Sam, " and I'll punch the idiot's head." " Who' are you calling an idiot ?" said Mime, turning straight upon Sam. " If you had the hundredth part of his intelligence, you might be glad." " I thought you called him so yourself," said Sam, meekly, for he was head-over-ears in love with the young termagant. " If I did," said Mime, " it was absurd, and1 I'll never do it again. No, Satn, I'll beat him with his own weapons. I'll go to the trustees myself. If he can wheedle and coax them, go can I ; and if he can bullv them, perhaps 1 can do that too." " You can do anything," said poor Sam. And Boon after that Mime said she was tired and sleepy, and sent Sam off, as cooas you please. Then she got upon he fest arid walked about the floor, and I could see she was terribly put out and excited by the school master's visit. " You'll wear yourself out for! nothing," I said, for it vexed me to see her all in a fret that way from pure spite. "He'll break your health and spirits like he did with that poor little body that'was here before you." "I don't believe all those stories about that woman, aunty. I've found out she had heavier troubles than those put upon her by the schoolmaster. You mustn't believe all that you hear." That was the way with Mime — she was that contrary when she was vexed that she'd swear black was white, and take the part of the evil one himself. She began irom that time out to fight bard for her own way, and it got to be pretty well known she was winning over the tras- tees. The children had never liked anybody as they did Mime, aud little Bill Fritchard, that used to play truant half the time, and would rather take a beating any day than be pent up in school, went there as regular as clock-work now, and began to mark out horBes and dogs with a stump of a pencil bimseil ; and Mr. Pritchard he was one of the trustees, and thought the world and all of my niece Jemima. But somehow or other, just as I said, the coutiuual worriment of it fretted Mime, and she got thin and lost her pretty colour ; and the night she came home and said she had got the best of the school-master, and the notice hsd been served on him that day that he was to let her have her own way of teaching, that night I made up my mind it was about time it was settled in some way, for Mime wa3 mora fidgety and contrary than ever; and I don't believe every thing would have turned out as it did if Mime had been in her aooer senses. The girl was about half wild, and I don't believe she knew what she was about ; for it stauda to reason she must have hntea the school-master, aud yet wheu I began to glory over hi3 defeat, and say how glad Sam Riley would be, she shut me up in a minute. S»m Riley and Mr. Steele," she said, '' are two very different men." " I should hope so," I safd. " Sam is made of a different stuff," she went on ro say. " The little prieks and torments that sting the soul of Mr. Steele to madness would be utterly unfelt by Sam. Sam is a good fellow — " "Thank you for Sam," I said, for she was enough to provoke a saint. " But he has not the capacity for suffering that Mr. Steele has ; aud oh, aunty, he does suffer !" " Serve him right, the monster," I said ; and had scarce got the words out of my mouth when there was a rap at the door. I went over, thinking ii was Sam Riley, when there was the thin, gaunt face of the school master again. He came in and bowed as grave as an owl, and sat down on a chair by the door ; his cane rolled down beside him on the floor, and for a full minute or so he couldn't find a word out of that long dictionary in his head. I was glad to see that Mime's spunk came back at the sight of him. Her eyes were as bright as they could be, and her cheeks like the heart of a hollyhock. 'My errand here, MisB Jemima," ha began, " is altogether a friendly one. You have so much spirit and determination that I think your present subordinate position is unfit for you. I know of one tbas will be shortly vacant, which you can fill with great oredit to yourself ar.d ail concerned." " I am rnueh obliged to you," said Mime, her lips beginning to curl, aud tha colour in ber cheeks deepening to a flame, "but I'm quite satisfied where I am. I can well understand that you'd be glad to be rid of me, butfjl must beg to decline. I'm not going away from here." "But I am going away from here," said the schoolmaster, getting upon Ms feet. " It is my place that will ba vacant, and that I think you may have it if yoa.chooae." " You — vou 1" said Mime : and I don't wonder the child was astounded at the news. I was quite flustered myself. " Yes," said the schoolmaster : " you can have your own way now." And he went out the door, bowing awkwardly as he went, a queer, miserable smile struggling into his faoe. " Dear 1 dear ! the contrariness of woman I No sooner was the door well shut on him than Mime put her head down on the table and began to cry. Her hair got loose and fell all about her, and, to make the matter worse, I heard a footstep outside, and this time I thought it must be Sam Riley. " For goodness' sake, Mima," I said, " don't let Sam Riley see you in this way !" But the door opened, and there stood the school-master again. He said he had oome back for his cane ; but ha never even stooped to pick it up, but stood staring at Mime as if she was a ghost instead of the fresh, pretty, wholesome creature that she was. She raised her head, and though her face was half-hidden by her hair, her eyelashes were wet, and the tears not dried yet on her cheeks. The school-master, not minding me any more than if I was a block of wood or some thing, walked straight over to Mime. " You know very well," he said, " that I am only going away from here because Hove you. Because it was not the class that was distracted by your pretty ways and devices ; it was I. You know all this very well, and can tell me whether I had better go or not. Now tell me, shall I stay ?" You might have knooked me down with a feather when I saw Mime put her hand out timidly to the sohool-master, and he turn pale and oatoh it in both his own. " Of course not," I broke in, for I was near distraoted by the way things were going, " If you're an honourable man, and got any sense left, ana an eye in your head, you'd J w x. bQO tuab in j -UIOVJO is guuu Ma ®Xigagea iO Sam Riley." Sam Riley !" said Mime, as scornful as if poor Sam was a toad or something, and holding on to the school- master's horny hands as if she was drowning. Like enough they'll beat hsr some day, and so she'll like him all - the better for it, for before I'd go out of the room I heard her tell him she'd teach any way that suited him best; and my only hope is that he's got a little money laid by, for he said he didn't intend she should teaoh at all. But, dear 1 dear 1 when I heard the oraok of Sam Riley's whip out side, and knew the evening stage was in, and poor Sam not knowing what was in store for him, I had to go upstairs and have a cry all to myself. ' And ail I can say is, if Mime marries the school- master, it's a mighty queer courtship. — A Clear Exp lanation . — A negro prea cher had elaborated a new theory of the Exodus— to wit : That the Red Sea got frozen over, and so afforded the Israelites a safe passage; but when Pharaoh, with his heavy iron chariots, attempted it, they broke through, and were drowned. A brother rose, and asked for an explanation of that point. " I'se been studyin' gography, and de gography say dat be a very warm country, where they have de tropics, and de tropica is too hot for freezin'. De p'int to be 'splained is 'bout breaking throuo-h de ice." The preacher straightened up and said : "Brudder, gladyou axeddat question. It gives me 'casion to 'splain it. You see, dat was a great while ago — in de ole times, dey had any gography— 'fc' dere was any tropics." 