SSOUT'r AMERICAN EARTIIQUAKE. A-NUMBDER OF TOWNS DESTROYED. 600 LIVES LOST. Nn.w Yomet, Juneo. 11. TtE' Star and Horald of Panama, received to-day, has details of the disasters and dose truction caused on the South Pacific coast by the earthquake and tidal-wave of May 9th. The towns of Arica, Iquique, Ponta, Delabos, Isabellon, Depica, Chanavaya, Huanillos, Copilla, Cobika, Mijilones, DoBolive, Anto pagasta, and Obanarabal are nearly des troyed. About 600 lives were lost. The destruction at Paballon is estimated at 20,000,000 dollars. The destruction was confined mostly to the coast, although the town of Tarapacs, twenouty-three miles inland, and the villages of Pooomattalia and Cone. jonns, far in the interior, were more or loss ruined. The shipping of guano from the southern deposits will bo indefinitely suspen ded, as all facilitioes in the way of launohes, chutes, wharves, water - condenseors, and buildings of all kinds have been swept awa-ay. The destruction of and damago to shipping have been very great, and attended by very serious loss of life. At Mollendo the railway was torn up three iundred foot, and at Ilo the railway was also injured. At Arion the people were preparing to repel the threatened assault of the rebel ram IHauscar the moment when the roar of an earthquake was heard. The shooks were very numerous, and caused immense damage. The sea: was suddenly perceived to recede from the beach, and a wave from ton to tifteen foot high rolled upon the shore, carry. ing all before it. Eight times was repeated this assault of the ocean, and four miles of the embankment of the railway melted away like sand. Lacomotives, cars, and rails were hurled about like so many playthings, and left in' a tumbled mass of rubbish. The United States steamer Vatoree, stranded in 1868, was lifted bodily and floated two miles north of her old position. A cable buoy was moved a quarter of a mile northward. Mer chandise from the custom-housee and stores was carried away tire miles distant.- The damage done was greater than that of the calamity of 1868. It has levelled the custom hnoue, railway.etstioli, aubmarinecablo office, hotel, British consulate,? steamship agency, and many other private dwellings. The people passed the night on the hills. Thieves began to rob, when the troops fired upon them, killing and wounding several. DESTROUCTION OF OQUIQUE. Iquique was built of wood, and tumbled down at the first onset, Lamps were broken, and the burning oil, spreading over the debris, started a general confligration. Three companies of firemen were instantly at their poste, although it was difficult to maintain an upright position, shock follow ing shock with. dreadful 'regularity. To procure water the two best fire-engines were stationed at the beach. Just then the cry arose, "the sea, the sea l' and the wares rushed in. The engines were catried away by' the reflux, and the fire continued unsup pressed. Three elements of destruction were busy at one moment-fire, water, and the earthquake. The aifrighted people left the city to its fate, flying to the portion of the town, the earthquake levelled nearly, all the rest, andIthe water covers ruins which it took out in its refltx. The water.condensers along the shore are ruined. Nearly 400,000 quintals of nitrate at Iquique and the ad jacent ports of Molls and Pmsaqua were des troyed. A small lossof life took place, pro. bably ten persons in all. Ooasting-crafts and small boats in the harbour were broken to pieces away up on the Pampas, eleven miles from Ilquique. The splendid nitrate establishment, LINeuva Oarolina, was comr pletely destroyed. 'The sauferings of the people of Iquique were intense. Absence of water and the destruction of the. principal stores added to their hardship. It is esti mated that the damage done in Iquique will amount to nearly S4,000,000.. ortERaa rowS EausROYRD-DAtMAoS w SuvrPsIo. i" .banivave, a little' town on the guano landing deposit, known as Pabellon de Pica, with four hundred and fifty houses, has only two standing. In one of the guano cuttings thirty labourers were buried by the falling earth. Among shipping the havoc is terrible. The town of Tarabazs, two or three leagues inland, and the villages of Pica, Matella, and.. Onehones, wore more or less ruined. The loss of life is reported small. The earthquake was especially severe at Ohano. noogo. The earth opened fifteen metres in depth, and the whole surface of the ground changed. At least two hundred were killed. The bodies were floating in the ihay, and a pestilence is feared. At Hunil las, the guano loading station, the damage inflicted was fearful. The wave which onc coedel the earthquake and completed the work of destruction was nearly sixty feet in height. Many vessels were lost here, to.,etAler with several of those on board. 'At AMijilones the tidal ware was sixty.five foot in height. Tao-thirds of the town is com pletely obliterated. At Tecopilla little or nothing remains of the town. A mine called L~ Pens llsnema, four miles to the soutlhward, sunk, smothering tiro hundred workmenr, forty of whom wore Oornish miners. OCabija, the principal town on thel Balanctian coast, has lost throee-fourlths of its houses. rAs soonn o this lameut:hhle intslligonc reilohelt Limns, the govornmiut chart're?l a steamnor, and organisimig a relief comnmision , loaded a veesel with provbiZons, chthmiug, .&., together with 50,000) gallonI:h of water, i, idn despatehed lheor oi the litht for the snuth; 100,000 soles in silver coin alao formnod a part of her irago, to bie diltributed ii? n~rnU t? thnl ulnfortunate t ly aL" Commlllllision of nlrineerg ai omplyiungf tI he toxpdition. It |its loon urged hI' the gioverlinmiet to re Ccotmmoad thn ro- huihllig of the ruined townus on altos whiolh may otL'r Igrator ?oe nrily and. more remotte froim tioer, viriin' thiis ii the econ001d instance of la nsilhar c'lahlily to thie plositioi nuroupieil. hiutriptionit aro big mnude nl Lihimru ('ll aCllIs tear the rehliof a, tho distre?sncd. Thl iorther orti of ier raro daliiatgid but little, though the eot w?is running reiuarknbly hilgh. Tlrhe caltain of theo tit~'eanllr John El?hle ro ports that when tweinity-lhlr'e uilb \Vt'St ou Antapagoatse, loihlg it full spold, tihe liip was completely ?tolpol Iiy llho ishliol of the earthqamuaco, n lld nho remalinodl i nio:lt pta lolliary for (ive illinItet:., t'he Pc iniligeri uliovi?g tlho he had etink on l r?c f, iiudll - Iuget wore taktth iniuesllatcly, but rno bottomi w?, found. ARaun o O Tra Monaoois.--The Salt I Lake correspondent of the New. York Herald writes .under'date, May 14:-" The arming and drilling of Mormons continues through out Utah. Gentiles, and especially those in the northern and southern settlements, are alarmed at the few United States troops in Utah. Fourteen companies inhabit Camp Douglas, which overlooks Salt Lake City, and the fragment of a regiment occupies Camp Cameron, near Beavor. The ghost of a company haunts Fort Hall, in Idaho. Governor Emory has written a letter to the secretary of war, which will reoach Washing ton on Thursday or Friday next, requesting that Camp Douglas be provided with five companies of infantry and two of cavalry; that Camp Cameron shall have two full com panies ol infantry; that one infantry com pany shall be quartered at St. George; that another shall be sent to Logan, in Cache Valley, and that the company at Fort Hall shall be retained and reinforced." A New York telegram to the London papers reports the surrender to the authori tiesof the United States of one thousand five hundred hostile Indians. 