MORMONISM. BY THE AGE TRAVELLING CONTRIBUTOR. I do not propose to write a history of Mormonism, nor to dive very deepty into the mysteries of that religion. For a re ligion it is ; and absurd and contradictory as it appears to me and other Gentiles, as all non-Mormons are designated by the Latter Day Saints, it is believed in most devoutly by the 125,000 Mormons wlio are to-day resident in the territory of Utah and by those members of the so- called Zion who are still dwellers in other por tions of the world! I had always been under the impression thatthe only believers in Mormonism were the officers of the church, who grew rich by the imposture, and the common people who were recruited from among the most debased and ignorant of the populations of Europe. Such is not altogether the case. There is no doubt that Mormonism, with the polygamy which it encourages, degrades woman from the position which she occupies in Christen dom to the condition of females among the poorer classes of Musselmen. A Mormon woman is not, except in very rare cases, as well off as the petted and spoiled inmate of the harem. She is rather like the fel- ahine, who shares the labors of her husband, but not Iris joys and pleasures, and who imagines that Blie will occupy the same subordinate position in the next world which she suffers in this. To Mus- tapha hre the black-eyed liouris and the shady groves, the rippling fountains and the refreshing sherbet. Poor Fatima can only expect to be a handmaiden, or serving girl at the best ; and so with the Latter- Day saintess. Her position in the next world is, in her idea, that of an appanage upon some man to whom slio has been either married or sealed in the world below. If she die either too young to have been married, or if she have not been lucky enough to secure a spouse, she may get into the abode of the blessed in the capa city of a daughter. Upon her own merits she wouldbe nowhere. Can any one imagine a more degrading position for the softer sex ' Slaves and paramours in this world ; mere dependents in the next. And yet the most devout Mormons are to be found among the women. During my stay at Salt Like City I made the acquaintance of two ladies — I employ the term advisedly for they were both women of education and culture, and between them edited a newspaper called Woman's Expo- nent. In reply to the stereotyped ques tion as to what I thought of Salt Lake City, I replied that I could speak favorably of the industry and good order of the people, but that I knew very little about their religion or then social life One of the ladies, Mrs E. R. Snow (a lady who has written so much verse that she is known as the Mormon poetess), turned upon me with some vehemence and sa, id, " It is to our religion and to our social life we are the most devoted. What can I ever expefet to see in these wilds- to compensate me for the home and the riends that I have left behind in Massa- iisetts. Jt is my religion which I love, and for which I am prepared to make any sacrifice." Her . companion, who was a Scotchwoman, went on further — "I left my native land and brought with me my two sons. . Tliey threw up comfortable positions arid bright prospects, and they worked here as laborers. Do you think that anything but faith would have "made me leave my old home to build a new one on these mountains ?" The two ladies told me that, in addition to tlieir domestic duties tli ft women of Utah were entrusted with an important duty, that of storing grain for seasons of scarcity, and were en couraged to provide the means for its pur chase by various little retrenchments, such as dispensing with fine clothes and jewel lery, of which the ladies of Utah seem just as fond as their sisters in the Eastern States. The Mormon ladies have paid some attention to sericulture of late, and appear just as sanguine about future great results as the most enthusiastic members of the Victorian Silk Culture Association. The religious literature of the Mormons is pretty voluminous. At the book stand of the hotel in which I stayed — an hotel which for size and appointments has no superiors in any city of Victoria — were some two or three and twenty volumes, from the Book of Mormon, which is the text book of the religion, down to the report of a discussion between Orson Pratt, who appears to be the principal theologian of the Latter- Day Saints, and the Rev. Dr Newman, an eminent Metho dist divine, who occupies a high position in his denomination, preaches at the Metropolitan Church Washington, " stands over " President Grant and Clrief Justice Waite, and was not long ago selected by the United States Government to travel all over Europe and Asia on a tour of in spection over the various United States consulates. The object of tlie discussion was — " Does the Bible sanction Poli- gamy ?" Of course the report I read emanated from Mormon sources, and possibly just as Dr J oluison always took care, when he was reporting tlie debates in the House of Commons, that the wlrigs should get the worst of the Argument, so did the Saint who chronicled the dispute so contrive that victory should be right upon the banners of tlie Mormon. I liad met Dr Newman in Washington so ciety, where he enjoyed the reputation of being a man wlio could do rather more than hold his own, but he certainly was very small beer in the hands of Pratt, who proved himself to be rather a Valentine than an Orson for he got the best of the doctor in argument and so belabored him with texts that lie was at last completely silenced and the Mormon divine came off triumphant. A perusal of the Latter Day Theology leads me to the conclusion that they believe in the doctrines of re demption, but they superadd four items of faith as necessary for salvation — belief in the atonement of Clirist, remission of sins, baptism by immersion, ad ministered by some one authorised of Christ, and the laying on of hands or the gift of tlie Holy Ghost. All those who comply with these conditions obtain forgiveness of their sins, are made partakers of the Holy Ghost, enjoy the gifts of prophecy and healing, visions, revelations, and working miracles. The Mormons "believe in the literal gathering of Israel, and the restoration of the ten tribes ; that Zion will be established on the Western Continent — one branch at Salt Lake City, the other somewhere on the hanks of the Missouri — that Clirist will reign personally on the earth for a thousand years ; and the earth will be renewed and receive its paradisaical glory. The Mormon liier;ircliy consists of tlie president, twelve apostles, prophets, pastors, teachers, &c.; , some elected by the people, others appointed by Brigham Young. Polygamy is not the rule but rather the exception, but it is enjoined upon all Mormons that they should have as many wives as they c;ui support an injunction which they seem to obey with great readiness. I asked one elderly Mormon whether the ladies were ever jealous. He replied that they were not, but, on the contrary, the wives constantly urged their husbands to get even more married than tliey were already, and were very fond of playing tlie part of matchmakers, not for their sons and daugh ters, hut for their husbands. So much for the Mormon view of the case. Persons who have left the church assert, on the other hand, that the women feel bitterly their degraded position under polygamy, one thing is quite certain, there is no means by which the Saints can compel women to marry them. Utah is presided over by an United States Governor who has no sympathy with tlie Mormons ; the judiciary and executive are in the hands of tlie Gentiles, the guns of Camp Douglas frown upon the city of Brigham Young. Any woman even if brought up a Mormon, could leave the church, and she would find plenty of assistance from tlie Gentiles of any city in the territory. Many women have so left, and no attempt has been made to molest them, for the Mormons are wise enough not to kick against the pricks, but to accept the inevitable. There was a time when the president and the apostles and the bishops were absolute. It is now so no longer. I am forced, therefore, to believe that tlie women who contract these polygamous marriages do so with tlieir eyes open, and, shocking as it may seem, are quite contented with their destiny. The Mormon marriages are of two kinds, temporal and celestial ; marriages for time, marriages for eternity. A woman may be the celestial wife of one man and the tem poral wife of another. Widows, for example, although the celestial husband is in the other world, may if they plciise contract a temporal and temporary union in this. Marriages by widows are, how ever, less common amongst Mormons than amongst other folks. My saintly friend informed me that although Kimball, one of the principal elders of the chureh, had been dead for seven or eight years, not one of his fourteen "widows had married again. They were all awaiting the time when they could rejoin their lord in the next world. It is strange that with strong "views about the sanctity of marriage, di vorce should be permitted among tliein. But so it is. Eliza Young who has given so much scandal to the Mormon community by leaving the president, suing him for aiimony, and lecturing against polygamy in the Eastern States, was a divorce when Brigham married her. ' 1 She led a cat and dog life with, her husband," said my infor mant, " and so got divorced from him, and went to live with her children at the house of her father and mother. She and they ran after the President to get him to marry her. He did not run after her." There does not seem to be any rule about the home life of the Mormons. Sometimes, in the case of men of means, each wife lias a separate establishment. Li others all the wives live together, and share the household or farm duties. Most persons who have visited the Mor mons anticipate that after the death of Brigham Young the community will break up, unless it lias been previously absorbed by the Gentile element. I have come to a different conclusion. There can be no doubt about the great executive and administrative ability of Brigham Young. Originally an Indian carpenter, and with but little education advantages; he has shown all the qualities of a greatlleader of men. He has proved himself equal - to every emergency. Bj' turns explorer, lawgiver, diplomatist, engineer, architect, soldier and financier, lie lias displayed in each capacity abilities of the highest order. It was no small feat to bring the Mormons in IS 15-47 through the plains of Nebraska and the mountains of Wyoming, across deep and rapid rivers, through country , infested by fierce .and hostile Indians, to , the shores of the Salt Lake ; to induce his i followers by patient industry to subdue : the wilderness and convert the desert into ' a garden ; to fertify the , passes and canons | leading to the valley in such a manner that United States .troops thought it imprudent to enter the settlement ; to initiate a system of irrigation, water supply and sewage ; ' to temporise in such a manner with the Washington authorities that at the : present time he is virtually the despot of j theMormon portion of the Utalipopulation. The city of the saints is as well laid out as Melbourne, wliich is saying a great deal, and, like it, streams of water run down every street, though candor compels. me to admit that they are cleaner and brighter than the ditches wliich disgrace Elizabeth and Swanston streets. The tabernacle built by Brigham Yoimg will, it is said seat from 8000 to 10,000 people. But its acoustic properties are so good that a person speaking in a low tone can be heard from one end to the other, while the arrangements for empyting the congregation in case of fire are perfect, there being twenty-four doors, all of wliich open outwards. The enemies of Brigham Young point out the darker features of his character. They assert that he is responsible for tlie out rages committed by Mormons '"upon emi grant trains, and that he was the con triver of the Mountain Meadow massacre twenty years ago, for wliich one Mormon, Lee, was lately executed, and that he has acquired so much wealth that, in addition to the large amount of property owned by liim in Utah he has many hun dreds of thousands sterling invested in English securities. Of the truth of these statements I knew nothing, but I have formed the very highest entimate of Presi dent Young's abilities. It appears to me, however, that. Mormonism is too well es tablished to depend for its existence' upon the life of any one man. As a religious system it may be detestable, but as a political it is certainly a success. The |ieci|ile — who when tliey arrive are wretch edly poor : who are recruited from amongst the humblest classes m the most poverty stricken countries of Europe — gradually acquire, if not wealth, at least competence. They give largely to tlie church and public purposes, but the residue of" their means Seems to maintain them comfortably, aid the farms and cottages of Utah are certainly not inferior to those of the Western .Slates. No one, that is to say, no one outside the hierarchy, knows what becomes of the faithful, how much is expended upon immi gration how much upon tlie relief of the poor, the aged and the sicli, how much upon education, how much is sacked by. Brigham and his friends. But immigrants do come, the poor and sick are cared for, tlie children are educated, of course as Mormons, and taught to sing little hyinns in which tliey trill out — Oh, liow happy I ought to be For, daddy, I'm a Mormon. And "The God that others worship is not the God tor me ; A church without a prophet is not the church for me ; A church without apostles is not the church for me ; The hope that Gentiles cherish is not the hope for me : It Iihs no faith nor knowledge, far from it I would be." &c.;, ifcc., and Brigham waxes fat and prosperctli. One instance of his shrewd ness was told me. He invariably recom mends his followers to abstain from mining investments. There are some excellent mines in the territory — coal, copper, silver and gold ; the famous Emma mine is in Utah ; but tlie saints keep clear of them. The Mormons work in them, but they always leave the shares alone. The policy of Brigham Young is to grow the grain for the miners, to sell them butter, eggs and milk, and leave the losses and the profits to men of longer heads and larger means. Those most familiar with mining investments in Victoria will realize the sound sense of President Young's advice. The very polygamy wliich is so atrocious in its social aspect is not so altogether unwise politically. Notwithstanding the large infant mortality — how large no one can tell, for registration is unknown in Utah — the population increases with great rapidity. There are few women within the child-bearing ages who are not mothers. One patriarch is the father of fifty sons and twelve daughters and there are several whose contributions to the population of Utah are nearly as large. The travellers who prophecy the speedy collapse of Mormonism base their opinions upon the gradual increase of the Gentile population in Utah. I see little or no prospect or any such contingency. I took some pains to ascertain what proportion of the 150,000 persons who live in the terri tory were Gentiles. The officials of the United states assert one sixth. The Mor mons claim that nine-tenths of the whole community belong to Zion. Probably the mean between the two extremes would he about correct, wliich would give 20,000 Gentiles to 130,000 Mormons. This places the greater portion of Jpolitical power in the hands of Brigham Young and his fol lowers. The Governor and the Executive, the Judiciary and tlie Marshals, who are a species of United States police, are ap pointed from Washington, but of the twenty-six members of the Utah Legisla ture twenty-five are Mormons, and the same proportion holds good in the case of the inferior judges, the magistrates, and the juries. Unless, therefore, the United States Government were to interfere and disfranchise the Mormons, or take some step equally extraordinary and repugnant to American notions, the Saints must have the lion's share of the power. They cannot go outside the law to persecute Gentiles, and they would be careful about doing anything wliich would bring about that interference which they dread. But in side the law the church is all-powerful. It is only quite recently that it has been possible to bring any of the perpetrators of the Mountain Meadow massacre to justice, and without packing a jury, it would be impossible to get a conviction for bigamy. . " It is just as impossible," said an United States official to me, " for us to deal with a whole people who are banded to gether against us as it would be for the United States troops to protect all the negroes in the South if they went to the polls to vote the Republican ticket, or for the British Government t© catch all the fleas in London." A very forcible, if in elegant, way of putting the case. The legislative power being in Mormon hands, the leaders are astute enough to use it so as to make Utah a very unpleasant place for outsiders. The United States Home stead Law allows any one to take up waste land outside the limits of corporate towns. The Utah Legislature has so ex tended the boundaries of their towns that they include nearly the whole territory. If a Mormon selects land there is no op position. If a Gentile wish to do so he is at once prevented. The Saints find Utah attractive ; outsiders, except a few engaged in mining and trading, do not. To a Mormon the Salt Lake Valley is the promised land ; there he will find every thing that he desires, to be obtained by hard work, it is true, but still to be ob tained. To a Gentile Utah ranks below a dozen states and territories which lie west of tlie Missouri, between the Dominion of Canada and the Mexican frontier, and it is less attractive than many because of the presence there of the Mormon. The above was written before the death of Brigham Young. I still adhere to the opinions wliich I formed upon the spot six months ago. Unless there is some inter ference from without, and the condition of affairs in Utah is not much more abnormal than in some portions of the South, I see no reason te believe that the condition of affairs at Salt Lake City will materially alter. Whoever succeeds Brigham Young, the Mormons will remain at Salt Lake. 