Uligeellaineous. Decrease op Vines in France. — What- ever may be tbe determining cause of tbe invasion of the phylloxera, the ; number of French vines is decreasing I, rapidly, beiug constantly diminished I by the ravages of this pest, some idea of whose destructiveness mav be formed from the. fact that a single vineyard, in the -3ard— by, no means one of the largest — has lost 90,000 of it's vines from this ruinous pest. Multiply this loss by inhuhierable similar losses being in flicted on French vineyards, all over the country, by this devastating insect, and .some idea may be formed of the havoc know being made by tbe miscroscopic devourer that has worked such havoc among French vines. One of theories the started in explanation of the ruin with which- French vineyards are threatened, ascribes the mischief to the cutting-down systemso long prevalent in French vine yards, where the vines are reduced, as a rule, ti very small -.dimensions, stem and leaves being cut away so as to leave only about a yard of tbe former, thus concentrating the force of the plant, in the small extent of wood left to it, on production of as many bunches of grapes as it can be made to produce. The plant, according to this theory^ being weakened by the cutting away of tbe equivalents of lungs and spinal marrow, while its productiveness is stimulated out' of all proportion with its strength, becomes the easy prey of the destroyer, which is con sidered as being a product of a diseased and morbid state of tbe vine itself, doubly exhausted by the over -stimula- tion of its productive power, and the lessening of its vitality by the nndue cutting away of its stem and leaves. However, this may be, it is evident that if the ravages of this pest continue on the same scale as at present, the com plete and entire rain of the French wine-trade is only a question of time. The French system of vine culture, in troduced into Switzerland is producing the same injurious effects ; in Spain and in Italy, where the vines are allowed to run riot in their own way, sending their long luxuriant, branches over lengths of trellis or hp into the highest trees, the phylloxera is as yet unknown. ' Stella ' says, — ' The woodlands of France comprise abont 22,193,915 \--acres, -or about one sixth . of the entire surface of the country. Of that total iBout seven -ninths belong to private -ownprs, public establishments and Coin mnnes, the remainder is the property of the State. The Communal woods bring in an annual rental £1,500,000, those of the State bring in nearly £2,000,000, apd the produce of the dh^r two classes is estimated at £2,500,000. The state -xerc;ses a rigid STperinten jence not only over the woods belonging to the pnblic domain, bat also bver those which belong to the other classes of owners, no one can cut down a tree even in his own wood without the permission of the proper authorities, who mirk every year all over the country tbe trees that tbe owners may cut down during the year.' A Note Bene.-—' How do yon like the Wagner music ?' asked young Smart boy of his fair neighbor, recently at a party. ' Oh I do not c ire for it,' was j the reply; 'it makes me feel so J melancholy.' 'Ah,' responded smart boy, ' that is because it is such awfully sad music 1' ( Arid this is the question upon which no two critics can manage to agree.) A Failure. — A story is told of a shrewish Scotchwoman whe tried to wean her husband from the public house by employing her brother to act the part of a ghost and frighten John on . his way home. Wha are yorf ?' said the guid tnan, at the apparition rose before him from behind a bush. ' I am Auld Nick,'' was the reply. . /'.Come awa', man,' said John, nothing daunted ; *' gie's a shake o' yoor hand — I am married tae a sister o' yours.' Out op the Mouth of a Babe. — A three year old little girl at Rochester, N. Y., was taught to oiose her evening prayer, during the tjmpnrary absencs of her father, with And please watch over my papa.' It.smnded very swe^t, but the mother's amazement may he imagined when the child -added, ' And yon'd better keep an eye on mamma too,' Whes a Chicago. girl received a des patch from Wisconsin announcing that her lover was going off withconsump:ion, she telegraphed to his friend : ' Has, ppor Jeffrey kept up his life ias irance ?' The friend telegraphpd back : ' Policy for §10,000 in your favour is paid up to May 9. 1877. P-»or Jeffrey cannot last after the first cold snap.' The young lady, wondering philosophically h-;\v she would l-'ok in black, telegraphed to Jeffrey : ' Darling, I will be with yon on Tuesday, never to qnit you. during life — Lurlipe.' ' 'Twill be a sad loss to you, my love,' said 'her mother. ' Yes, ma, sobbed the poor girl, ' but it is covered by insurance.' — American Paper. A rich American woman has broughtup her accomplished and beautiful daughters to do washing and ironing, When questioned, she replieb, ' Oh, it's always ?well to be prepared for any contingency. Perhaps some of the poor children may marry an -Italian count.' Con. — Why is a vine like a volunteer 1 Because it is trained, dressed, has ten drills and shoots. FlorHiIne 1— Fob thb'ieeth and Breath' — 'A. few drops of tbe liquid ' Florilihe' sprinkled on a wet tooth-brush produce a plea sant lather, which thoroughly cleanses the teeth from all parasites or. impcrit es, hardens the gums, prevents tartar, stops decay.-gives to the teeth a peculiar pearly-whiteness, and a de'ightful fragrance to the breath, It removes all -unpleasant odour arising from decayed teeth, or tobacco smoke. ' The Fragrant Floriline,' being composed in part of honey and sweet herbs, is delicious to the t&ste.and; the greatest toilet discovery of the age. Price 2s 6d., of all Chemists and. Perfumers. Prepared by Henry O. Gallup, 493 Oxford-street, Lon don, — [ADVT,]. . . 