THE CHAMPlG?iCHOST OF THE CENTURY. [SEW YORK TIMER.] Oswego has never been noted for ghoBts. Tn fact there has hitherto been no trust worthy record of any Oswego ghost of any kind. Suddenly, without any previous an nouncement, and without the aid of any medium, an Oswego ghost makes his appear ance, and in a short time wins the deserved reputation of being the most complete and successful ghost in this country or in Europe. Grain has lost its charms for the Oswego people, and canals seem little better than muddy mockeries. Henceforth Oswego will be known as the great ghost centre of the continent, and its inhabitants will take even a greater pride in their ghosts than tho inhabitants of Chicago take in their pigs. On the evening of the 3rd of July last a leading citizen of Oswego took his daughter to see the (ireworka. Of course, that young lady remarked '0 !:} and also 'Gracious !' whenever a firework was produced ; but, equally of course, she paid far more atten tion to contiguous young men thau she did to the pyrotechnic display. On her way home she said, with a careless air, 'Pa,' — aud whether she pronounced it 'pay' or 'paw,' we are not informed — 'who was that young soldier, who stood next to you 5' The author of her existenco replied that ho had not seen any destructive young man, and was in the ,act of muttering a eubdued anathema upon all young men, when his daughter violently pinched his arm, aud said in a sharp whisper — 'There he ia now.' The leading citizen turned hia head aud saw a man in a strange uniform, hasten ing apDarantly where filory, or at all events gin,' awaited him. The father explained that the young, man was some strango land of idiofc, who had picked up au old British uuiform, and, with a view to contingencies, he' warned bia' daughter that the man was, undoubtedly, a Canadian tramp, tkirBting for spoons.Then the two went on their home ward way; the father subsequently went to bed, and the daughter executed that mysterious feminine' feat known rh ' re tiring.' On the next Friday evening this same father 'was sitting with tbia same daugh ter in the diuingroom, when the sound of the piano in tho parlor was heard. They both imagined that a book agent had sur reptitiously gained admission to the house, and seizing the poker and the hot- water kettle, determined to reason mildly with tho intruder. The latter, however, proved to be the same youug man whom the daughter had ga^ed at under the pretence of fireworks. He arose, and, bowing politely, introduced himself as George Fikes, formerly a private in the British Array, who had died at Ogwego, while in garrioon, in the year 1782. Mr. Filcea made himself bo pleasant that when, after a brief call, he prepared to vanish, ho waB asked to call again, which ho regularly did every subsequent Friday evening. This leading citizen and his daughter for some liine kept tbo fncfc that they had a ghostly visitor a profound secret, and only a fortnight ' Einoe the father con fided it to tho editor of a local paper. That editor wa« permitted, under a solemn pledge of secrecy, to send a reporter to ' interview' Jir. Kikes, and that reporter has alroady had two long .'and absolutely 'worthless, conversa tions with the ghost. ' ' According to this incompetent reporter Mr. Fikea doea not enter the door or even tho window, but «udden!y appears in tbo parlor of the loading citizen at the eamo hour on every Friday evening. Ho always weara tho Bamo old-fashioned British uniform of Ocorgo III. reign, with tho excep tion of his hat, which he is in the habit of frequently changing. Wheu his interview ia dnded, Mr. Fikes vanishes nB nuddenly and unexpectedly an he appears. He doea not up out of the door or sink into tho floor, but he just vanikhea in the moot approved ghostly way. Ho ia a polite, affable and accomplished gentleman, as the British pri vate notoriously i«, and the daughter of tho leading citizen, who affectionately calls him '(Jeaw#e'is evidently warmly attached to him. Carcfnl oearch in tho neighborhood of the old Oawcgo fort liao becu rewarded by the discovery of a tombetono bearing tho nanio of 'Gcorgo Fikee,'and tho reporter hao not tho slightest doubt that tho ghaut ia that of tho identical George Fikea who died nearly a century opo. A ghost that can matenalfaoit^ou without any medium and with a choice of Jiata ; who wilJ sit quietly in the parlor and converse with nu roach swcetnciM and light as tbouch he were Matthew Arnold in a magazine article' ; who will play nicely upon the piano, and nlwayo Taniah'atfan early hoar, is '?clearly an im.' mcngSilmnroy^menfc' upon / all 'prcvioin( ghosts.' ,*tt ''nrajt * bo said, however, , that ,thq .repOrteViyho: fans ' JnitcrvipVbd ' Mr. Pik'cB on two'BacccBiilvo Friday nfghta ia B' '.dfagraco r( to *Ws ' profession. - Any real' -reporter vritH ,sudh' oppcrrfctini* iies wotud iuve ' had all tho facia a« to the 'cither -World but of Mr, Fikes in fifteen inlnnieitIiy'itHe; #Atob; but tho Oawcgo re, ]porfet ':ba« ' d-ftWfl abBoJotely nothing from thd^Abefafc'ilhillWfttf worth printing. Ho ^ii(jp^rw)ked'Jhinb'ftTew quwrtlonn as to hia lif« Mi OswAo, «» i( My nnrnftn being cired to Ir^wJut ? ;pw«pn condemned to liro id Oawegb {0*176^ WM Monrtcined to do. Ho did not ask Mr. Fikes to dcacribe the celes tial world,' and to explain the exact pro cess of dying. He did not ask him if thero are nowapapera ou the oilier sido of tho Styx, and if so, in what department of tho spirit world thoy aro published, aud what ia tho average salary of a ghostly reporter. ; Mr. Talmage recently informed drunkards that thero is no 'rum' in hell — implying, of course, that thero is abundances of that beverage in heaven ; aud yet this preposte rous reporter never onco 'asked* Mr. Filccs if Talmage had told tho truth. All tho quo3 tionB that ho did ask might just ao welt havo been put to Mr. Bancroft or Mr. Parknian. They were mainly questions relating to tho early history of Oawego, and were not only unimportant in themselves but were value less in relation to tho ghoat'a identity. It iB maddening to think that thia ridiculoiia re porter has, together with the leading citizen and hia daughter, a monopoly of Mr. Fikes, aud that he is solemnly sworn not to betray the name of tho leading citizen or- to point out his house. Thia fine opportunity for obtaining tho latest information as to the other world is thuB thrown away. Perhaps iii time the reporter; by mere accident, will ask an in« telligent question ; but, unless he doea, Mr. Fikea's return to earth will be of no benefit to any one except the daughter of tho lead ing oitizen. Still, the fact remains that Oiwego has produced the champion gho3t of this century, and only an ungenerous mind will refuse to give that city full credit for bo able au achievement. 