AN ATAIYIATLOWR EVE AQVENTITRE. gj~I the long picture 'gallery of Elton Ar'rtge stood a fair young girl, gazing with flashed,cheeks and dilated eyes at what her uncle, Sir George Elton, styled " the:gen of his collection." . It was the portrait of ie first baronet, Sir Rupert, a gallant Cavalier' who' had fought in the cause of his ill-fated master, Charles I. Small wonder that Grace Ohurchill was fascinated 'by the knightly face; it was per foot in its dark, mnelancholy beauty. The long hair hung ins silken curls` over the. shining armour, while the drooping mous tache did but partially 'conceal the disdain ful curl on his lip. It seemed to Graea that those grave and lustrous eyes gazed straight into her own; and she said alaud, quite involun tarily : ". What a grand face ! Ah ! if I had only lived ;I.. t'iose old days; there are no, such, mien now. That face makes every otherc seem so insignificant." Her own fair loveliness was in strange. and picturesque contrast to the knight's. dark face. But this Grace Chuchhill. did not know. The look of sadness. on her young brow, and her deep mourning, would have told you she had ,ust undergone a severe loss. And so it was. Both her parents had passed away within one short week, and Grace. had been forced, to accept the heartily offered hospitality of her uncle. This was her first ramble through the quainb old mansion, and the dreamy, imaginative. girl found its dark,, winding galleries and corri dors more consonant with her sorrows than the fashionable. town-house she had jpst left. She stirted' as some one, touched her lightly on the shoulder, and, turning quickly stood, face to face with, her uncle,, a tall, soldierly old man. "Well, Gracie,"' he said, cheerfully;: Slooking at Sir Rupert ?: You might have found a merrier face for. your study~, child. Poor fello w !" 'tHe looks as if he had'a history;" said the girl looking back, at the picture .: " andi a sad one. Was it not so?" "-Sad: enough, they say. I don't give much credit to those old-stories myself; but everyone believes this one. Ke was about to marry-the lady., was. very beautiful- but he had a rival,. some nobleman, whose name 1 forget, and on her.marriage morning she was.found dead, stabbed to the heart by this jealous lover. Then, Sir Rupert took to 'the wars, and fll at Naseby before he was twenty-eight. My family, you.know, is de scended'from Pie younger brother. They do say that his. ghost ,stalks u.p and down this very gallery at twelve o'clbck every night.. Is that the dicaer-gong?"'? Grace's heart beat wildly as she followed her uncle down the" broad oaken stairease. The-strange story had taken firm hold. on her imagination. She pictured the steel clad knight wandering silently through, the long aisles.of pictures, and. resolved that, come what: might, she wouldi watch there-at midnight, until she saw, the. face and form, which. s'e fancied had taken, such. a. hold upon her destiny. That night. steeling herself! against: a goodideal of nervousness, it must be owned, Gra.e 0.uchillicrept. noiselessly~ and with, a beating heart to the head of the staircase, and passed on until she came to the knight's picture, under, which she stopped breath less Art that moment the Grange clock struck; twelve, and she made one step. back. Not a.sound, however, was to be heard but the. long, slow strokes; not a trace of'thle knight to be seen except the pale pictured face. above her headi.and,.disappointed,.she crept away, saying to. herself; " He will come-to morrow." For two or three nights everything hap pened the same, Grace began.to lose faith in the story, and to laugh faintly at her own. credulity, except at midnight, for, as sure as the. darkness. came round~ her hopes. sprang up again, as strongly- as ever, andi the first stroke of twelvs found her in the gallery.. At length All-Iallow Eve came round, Girace had accepted an invitattuon to spend the day with a.friend, and being detained laten-than she had expectedt did not arrive ab home till eleven o!clook, when, as she knew,'; heo,' old fashioned' uncle and aunt. wouli long have retired. "Why should I not go to the gallery now ?" she-thought.. Every ghost is. bound to-walk to-night." And taking a:small lamp,, she stole away. T' he moon was shining full on Sir Rupert's face; but that Grace did not see. What she saw was-this:. ' Leaning against, the tall, oriel, window, in the full glory of the winter moonlight, stood the exact counterpart of the. picture gazing out with the same melancholy yet disdainful expression over the broad. woods of Elton. With a scream. of terror she dropped her lamlp. and fell fainting to the ground. When Grace-.recovered conciousness she first, saw her uncle's kindly .face gazing at her-with a bewildered espressioqn;. and, striving to sit up, found, to her unspeakable .alarm, that the "Ghost"'was supporting her in his arms. "I think you're bettoer now," he said, in the tone of ar ordinary mortal. "I. sup pose my being:here frightened you. WRon't you introduce me, Sir George ?' ."This is. my scape-grace cousin, Lord Ravensdale,Gaacie. H'e cameunexpectedly w!lile, you were out," said her uncole.. What on earth brought you, here, both; of you ?' " I' came to.look for the ghost,"' said the young man, .frankly. What brought you. here, Miiss Churchill P.' "I left a book here yesterday," Grace stammered, far too proud to allow that she had' come on the same. errand' "' think I'll go.no?, unOle;.: Good' night."'" Sheh kissed'the old. man, and held, ut a tiitd, hand to, .the i Ghost,"' who looked ai?r her retreating: figure, in. great per Six monthe afterwa 'if-LD F:avensaate, s'itting :at his ;wife's feet ??in the twilight, said suddeny:.... "By the: way,: traoie, you never told, me what frightened you. in the Ghost's gallery a Iton.." ."I don't like ~to tell you, Well?, if you niust khniow, I used: to. go and, watch £br4he ghost every night, and you are so like that picture, I thought you were SirRupert. Of courseI was startled.. Don't laugh at me, Bertie, it .was very natural." " What a little goose !" he said, laughing. He did not look disdainful now, and the melancholy had passed from his face like a shadow. :,.... . " I'll have the, picture oapied to taunt you with. A ghost ind~ed . Do I look like one ?"' Which he certainly did not.. 