Nobelist. Silverwater Bend ; OR, TWENTY-FIVE YEARS OF AUSTRALIAN LIFE. BY DONALD CAMERON Author of "Scripopolis" &c.;, &c.; Though shadows gather, sunshine fades, And life appears a vale of sorrow ; Faint is the heart that God upbraids— Thee sun will shine again to-morrow ! EPOCH II.— 1860.— DEATH. PART II. SCENE IV. A DULL, dark, rainy day was closing upon the mining camp called Sludgetown, one of those spots which had been neglected in the earlier mining times, save by a few fossickers, but which, as the richer goldfields became worked out, was sought by the miners. Within the past two years this field had become known owing to several rich lines of reef having been discovered on the hills which frowned over Sludge Gully, where, heretofore, the principal interest had centred, owing to the rich and shallow alluvial deposits. In this regard, Sludgetown was but a reflex of nearly all the goldfields in Australia. First of all, the most easily got at gold was taken out, that which abounded in alluvial ground ; but as that could not last long, attention was now being bestowed upon the matrix— whence flowed the modern Pactolus— found in each camp, and the quartz veins, despised in earlier times, began to be worked with moderate success. At first, it is true, the appliances were very primitive ; the quartz was picked out of the lodes which cropped up on the surface, and crushed in "dollies," or Chilian mills. Soon, however, as capital was sunk in these undertakings, crushing mills were erected, and the sound of the stampers was heard over the land. Scientific men gave little encouragement to the pursuit of the lodes below a hundred feet, as such men as Sir Roderick Murchison, Lyell, and Professor M'Coy held that the gold would die out at that depth. But the practical miner disregarded the learned men, and the result is that quartz shafts are now down close upon 2000 feet in Stawell, and that rich gold has been found at a depth of 1600 feet ! The new source of obtaining gold entirely altered gold mining. The "digger," pure and simple, began to disappear, and was being replaced by the "miner;" the times were passing away when one or two men could work a claim. Mining beoame a co-operative affair, and large companies were formed to work quartz lodes. The independent digger is soon to be no more, and soon the miner will altogether supply his place ; the difference being that one worked for himself alone, the other works for a master, like any other artisan. Sludgetown was not a place where anyone would care particularly to live. The "town" was situated on the banks of the gully, which, being denuded, presented one surface of red, miry clay— clay of such putty-like consistency that, once it had encircled a person's foot, it required, as the "natives" said, a bullock team to extricate the pedal extremity. This clay pervaded Sludgetown, and by it the locality was known in the dis- trict. A casual visitor would not get rid of it for months after he had been in the town. As for the dwellers the town, it would be folly to suppose they could ever get rid of it ; for the clay worked into their clothes and their skins, until nothing short of a deluge could have washed it out. On the whole, however, they were rather proud of their clay, and boasted that it kept them healthy, and prevented any pride of dress, for to put on expensive garments at Sludgetown would be looked upon as the work of a lunatic, and be rewarded accordingly. In the summer time this clay became dry, and would sweep down upon the town and scurry over the roads in fiery clouds, sufficient to suffocate anyone except a Sludgetonian, but the townspeople seemed to revel in the simoon. From the gully rose precipitous hills, the pride of which was Mount Sludge, whioh towered above the little town, and, like Mount Sinai in the Pilgrim's Progress, seemed as if it would topple down upon the "city" at any moment. These hills were covered with huge stringy-bark and iron-bark trees, the undergrowth being bush of all kinds and stunted plants, which seemed always on the point of giving up the ghost, and yet managed to exist longer than their more succulent friends on the rich lowlands. Whence these plants drew their nourishment was a moot point, for the hills were com- posed of flinty sandstone and quartz pebbles. Yet, at this season of the year, the end of winter, the scarlet and white flowers of the heath— delicate scarlet, waxy white— gave to the lone hillsides a beauty that put in the shade the meadows. Blue and purple orchids, too, peeped out of the ground here and there, adding to the glow of colour, and con- trasting with the dull, greyish-green of the foliage and herbage. The great Sludge Reef, on which the pioneer quartz company of the district had their claim, which had yielded thousands of ounces of gold, ran along the almost perpen- dicular face of Mount Sludge, and on the south and north line it made, claim after claim had been taken up ; and poppet-heads, and engines, and stamper houses were to be seen, while puffs of white smoke rose, denoting that work was going on, and the clang— clang of the signals, giving in- structions to the engine-drivers how to haul, were to be heard. Buckets, containing water, quartz, or mullock, rose up the poppet-heads, were discharged, and sent down again on their mission. Otherwise, there was not a sign of life. The principal work was going on down below, where hun- dreds of men were wielding the hammers and the drills, or trucking the stone away. This absence of aboveground life gives to quartz mines a weird and ghostly effect. Sludgetown rumbled along the banks of the creek, straggled up the hillsides, and travelled along the red, miry roads. Adven- turous miners had built wooden eyries for themselves on the plateaus of the hills, and as the deep gloom of the rainy night fell, and the mist came down upon the mountains like dew, the lights in those huts twinkled on every hillside like stars. The good-wives, or the miners who filled the place, were prepar- ing the evening meal early, for already the whistles were sounding, announcing that the time of the afternoon shift was over, and that the evening shift men (the Sludge Company only had an evening shift) were wanted. The meal was early this evening. The Schraper Opera Company were to per- form that night at the Mechanics' Hall, and as it was some time since there had been any amusement on the "diggings," everyone wished to be there. Herr Schraper and his company had arrived that night, having sent on, however, a fat, spectacled German, who had done the bill-posting, and finished the evening by getting drunk at the Sludge Hotel, for he dared not indulge in liquor when the eyes of Schraper were upon him. The great musician was not in the best mood that night, for he feared that the rain would keep the people away. However, had he glanced outside, he would have seen numerous lights gliding down the hill, which would have reassured him. Those were bottle- lanterns, borne by diggers, who were coming into town to be at the concert. The company occupied the best room in the hotel, and, having finished tea, were gossiping or studying the songs they were to sing that night. Close to the window sat Flora and her boy looking out into the darkness. There is no cure for sorrow better than work. Flora found that the deep melancholy which had threatened to almost end her life wore away when she went to work as a mem- ber of Schraper's Company. The bustle, the excitement and the pleasurable feelings en- gendered study and rehearsal, and the great wish rose in her breast that she would ???? become a celebrated artiste had, to a great extent, obliterated her grief and despair. It was only at times— and the present was one of those occasions— that the whole extent of the awful calamity which had overshadowed her life returned to her, and then, indeed, her sufferings were great. Nepenthe was also afforded by the study of the characters of her companions, and the humours they displayed. Herr Schraper himself was sufficient to amuse the most morose. In appearance he was most remarkable. His face resembled a nutcracker, the nose being something enor- mous, and his person was long and thin as a lath. In fact, he had often been likened to a tomahawk stuck on a telegraph-pole. Herr Schraper had three great passions— one for the violin, another for his wife, and a third for gold. Between these three his life was a continual worry. The son of German parents, he had taken to the violin early, and had, after a while, burning with fame, when a raw- boned lad, gone off to Berlin, where he managed to start in life by picking up a few kreutzers for playing in the streets. Eventually he got with the band of a travel- ling troupe, and, many years afterwards, made the acquaintance of a young fraulein who sang in the chorus at a Berlin Theatre. He was rather old, she a mere child ; but he had saved money, and was recognised as an artist on the king of instruments ; therefore, marriage was the result. This strangely assorted pair afterwards migrated to Aus- tralia, where they led a moat eventful life, Herr Schraper playing the violin, and his wife singing. They travelled every nook and corner of the continent, roughing it everywhere, and obtaining a golden reward from the miners, with whom Gertrude Schraper's singing became a proverb. At last they returned to Sydney and formed the company which was now assembled at Sludgetown. This was a more ambitious affair, for scenes or acts of operas were to be performed. By this time Herr Schraper had become as bald as a scalped Indian, and as repulsive in appearance as one of those wooden figures to be seen on the corbels of old churches in England, or on Chinese carvings, while his wife had developed into a plump, well formed woman, with a great mass of golden hair, and a voice rich, powerful, and capable of attacking the most difficult music. She was very spirited, and as hard to control as a young colt. The business of Herr Schraper's life was to control her, and to see that she did not come to harm with some of the young fellows who were always hanging about her wherever she went. Poor old man ; he was always in torture. He would have had an opera company long ago had he been able to stand the spectacle of seeing his wife embraced on the stage by a handsome young tenor. And now his condition was indeed desperate, for the tenor he had chosen was a young fellow of twenty snmmers, as handsome as Apollo, and as fond of the female sex as young men of that age usually are. True, Gertrude was older than Mr. Wilford, but that did not matter. The only hope Herr Schraper had was that the youth and superior beauty of Flora would act as a foil. But, unfortunately, Flora was cold as ice to the tenor and the baritone, Frank Rusden, and they had to court the prima donna or the two minor lady singers, who were not much to look at. It was well for Flora that she was so cold, for Gertrude had a temper, and she brooked no rivalry in love or song. Sitting there, looking off into the fast gathering darkness, Flora fell into a deep reverie. She thought of her mother and aunt away in their poor cottage on the other side of the mountain ; of her husband, loved so dearly still, now far away ; of the two graves in the Armidale cemetery, where lay her father and faithful Black Jim. Then her mind went back to the days gone by, and she marvelled for a moment whether she was awake, or in a dream. A few years ago she had languished at Silverwater Bend, pining at the humdrum life she led, desiring adven- ture and romance ; and, now, she had had romance and adventure more than sufficient. She thought of the approaching concert, and remembered how years ago, she had sat in Silverwater Hall, listening to the great Catherine Hayes, and wishing that she were in her place. Ah ! how different was the reality from the imagination. Then she thought how easy it was to sing, how idle the life of a singer was ; now she knew that it was a life of labour, of disappointment, of many crosses. The gifted singer to whom she and many thousands had listened, was lying in her neglected grave, after a life of whirl, fever, triumph, and excitement, and she was about to start out upon a similar career. How would that career end ? "Come, ladies and shentlemans," cried Herr Schraper, entering the room, rubbing his hands. "De time is gom ; get ready for de performance. Lots of peeples are comin' in, and we'll have one big house— ha ! ha !" \------------------------------ SCENE V. A MISTY rain oozed, as it were, out of the sky, upon Sludgetown, and profound darkness reigned in the forests that hemmed in the town, broken only by the twinkle of the miners' lights. Still, cheerless although the evening was, the population of the district appeared determined to brave the elements and to attend Herr Schraper's concert. Hidden away as they were in this desolate region they were glad of any break in their monotonous existence. Prior to entering the Mechanics' they took care to dispel the influences of the mist by resort to the many well-doctored stimulants dispensed by the very large number of publicans on the field. "It's many years since I last saw the Fraulein Schraper," said one of those, a tall, imposing-looking old man, as he tossed off a glass of brandy neat. "Let's see, where was it— yes, up at Ballarat, when I took a flying visit to Victoria." "Them was the grand days, Harry," replied his companion, a sturdy, middle-aged digger, whose trousers were almost scarlet with the red clay. "I remember Ballarat then— wasn't it a place ! Why, there were nine or ten theatres and circuses there, all going, and G. V. Brooke, Kate Hayes, Anna Bishop, Mrs. Heir and all them great people playin' Ah ! we'll never see them days again. They're gone with the gold. Every- thing goes with the gold." ''Well, I'm hanged if I haven't seen that young man somewhere," said Harry— in whom the reader has no doubt recognised our old friend Mad Harry. "Who is he ?" "That chap," said his companion, pointing to a tall, handsome, well-bearded young man, with a somewhat reckless, dissipated, out-at-elbows appearance, who just then came into the bar, "why that's the new editor of the Sludgetown Independent ; only been here a few weeks." Mad Harry looked at the man narrowly, but somehow he failed to remember where he had seen him, though the features were familiar. Suddenly the young man's eyes met Mad Harry's, and his face flushed, and the hand which held his glass trembled. "He knows me, too," said Harry, shouting aloud. He walked up to the young man, and said, "Haven't I seen you before, sir." "Not that I am aware of," was the reply. "But you seem to recognise me." "No ; but I was somewhat upset at the way you stared me out of countenance." "I beg your pardon, sir," said Mad Harry, dropping the digger style, and at once assum- ing that high gentlemanly bearing which fitted him so well, no matter how he was dressed, and he walked back to his companion. The young editor left the bar very shortly afterwards. Mad Harry mused for some time, and then, as it was eight o'clock, hurried to the hall with his comrade. It may be as well for the reader to under- stand that Mad Harry, who, since the out- break of gold, had devoted himself to mining, had visited nearly all the goldfields in the colony, and his latest "spec" was a quartz claim on the Sludge Reef, out of which him- self and his mate were getting very fair stone. Indeed, there was some, chance that their fortunes would be made. Harry, old as he was, could work with any man on the diggings, and appeared to have thoroughly recovered his reason. Prosperity seemed to have an extraordinary effect upon him for the better, and the reason was that fortune would give him the revenge which was the power that sustained his life. The hall was crowded to overflowing with a somewhat damp and clayey audience, from whom soon a subtle steam began to rise, perfumed with a very earthy odour. But no one seemed to notice this ; all were bent on enjoyment. Harry wedged himself in between two diggers ; and did not notice until the concert had begun that his young friend of the bar- room sat a few seats from him. In front of him sat a tall, strong young man attired in diggers' costume, his felt hat well down, Herr Schraper and his "orchestra" (three) opened the concert with an overture of his own composition, in which the leading theme was given to the violin, from which instru- ment the Herr drew the most extraordinary sounds. Herr Schraper was a violin player. His head and body seemed to become part of his instrument when he drew the bow. It was a sort of Laocoon business. When a violent passage came, the Herr's head nodded away like a pendulum, his body heaved, and his legs were everywhere. When he laid down his violin for a few moments, and "conducted," his gyrations were terrible to behold. It was generally believed that Herr Schraper wore out a "baton" every night. Fraulein Schraper, attired in a charming blue silk, elegantly laced, then was led on, and sang, in her charming German-English Scotch patois, "Auld Robin Gray," and sang it so well that she had to give two encores. Miss Adelaide Arden was next on the list, her song being "Una Voce," the celebrated aria from "Il Barbiere." The audience were stamping for another encore from the prima donna, when a very beautiful but timid-look- ing lady, whose cheeks were red with excite- ment, seemed to glide out of the narrow wings on to the stage. The stamping ceased, and the audience began to "take in" the young singer, somewhat carelessly, wonder- ing whether she was a stick or a good vocalist. But Adelaide Arden— Flora Leigh— ap- peared to powerfully impress three men in that building. Mad Harry gasped, and sat back as if he had seen a ghost. The editor uttered an exclamation, and gazed at the singer with inquiring eyes, as if to persuade himself that he was not under an illusion. Suddenly, he drew back, and tried to hide his face by holding it down. "My God !" Mad Harry started. Who had uttered that ? This was a night of strange illusions. Surely he knew that voice ; surely it was that of Horaoe Leigh. With a fierce glance he looked around, but failed to see a face resembling that of the forger. Mad Harry's hands clenched, and he resolved to stand at the door and watch each person on coming out, and to pounce upon the wretch if he was there. Flora had never faced an audience, and now when she found herself the focus of six or seven hundred eyes, her faculties seemed to become paralysed, just as was the case when she was on her trial before Mr. Lyster. The symphony was played over twice, yet she did not begin. Herr Schraper began it a third time with an impatient gesture. "Vy don't you sing ?" he muttered. "Vat for you frightened of dem' fools ?" Flora reflected that the bread of herself and her child depended upon this effort, and the thought of the little darling, who was standing at the wings in charge of poor Mrs. Seaforth, gave her what is the great requisite in facing the public, for- getfulness of their presence. At the proper moment she started Rossini's beautiful melody, and soon her voice was filling the hall, and the audience was silent. She threaded her way through all the intricacies of the piece, and interpreted every phrase with emphasis and feeling, never missing a note or singing in the slightest degree out of tune. As Herr Schraper listened, his anger fled, rapture was in his face— for he was a devoted of his art— and his third passion, avarice, was thoroughly gratified. He had a treasure. He counted up what he would gain by her, as he ran up the chromatic scale, and how much Mr. Lyster lost as he ran down the scale. Yes ; he could beat all other opera troupes. What if Lyster had Lucy Escott, Rosalie Darand, Sara Flower, Fanny Simonsen (immortal Fanny Simonsen,) had he not Gertrude Schraper and Adelaide Arden. When the song was ended and Flora retired, the whole building shook with cheer- ing. Diggers rose and waved their hats frantically. Fraulein Schraper fumed for a moment, and then, reflecting there was money in it, she swallowed wrath for her the time. Just at that moment there was a great bustle at the door, and in strode four mounted policemen armed to the teeth. They went close to the orchestra and stood there during the remainder of the performance. "What are these fellows doing at Sludge- town ?" asked Harry's mate. "Why, don't you know ?" said Harry. "They have come from Bathurst to guard the gold escort, which is so heavy this week. It is known that Black Satan and his gang are knocking about, and great care will have to be taken that they don't get that gold.'' "When does the escort start ?" asked the other. "The day after to-morrow, in the morn- ing. The worst spot they have to go through is the pass close to Dismal Glen." "Yes, that's where the four diggers who had the rich claim on Bink's Flat were shot dead by the bushrangers." "And where the mail coach was robbed, the guard killed, and the passengers tied up to the trees naked, although snow was falling. In my opinion we ought to do here what they did in the early days in California, form vigilance committees, scour the country, and exterminate these wretches. I would make one of the volunteers." "Harry, you're a wonderful fellow for your age. You've the spirit of a young fellow of twenty." "It is not my spirit," replied Mad Harry, with some return of his old appearance ; "it is the second life implanted in me for the purposes of Providence." "Well, hadn't we better get a drink," said his comrade ; "I'm getting hungry." "I thought I heard someone speak here to-night," replied Harry, "whom I would like very much to see. I don't want to lose him if he is here." "Why, you're up to your old tricks," said his mate, ironically. "If there's any friend of yours here they won't leave till the concert is over, you bet. Come on." Harry was prevailed upon, and walked away. When he returned the concert was going on ; all had got back to their seats, all but one. Harry started. The seat in front of him, which had been occupied by the young man who kept his hat over his face, was empty. ''By heaven !" cried Harry, "if it isn't too much even for me. I'd swear he was there. But what nonsense ; he's in 'Frisco by this time, working hard towards the. accomplishment of the end. I must wait and see Flora after the concert is over. Poor girl, she's taken, I suppose, to the only means left her by which to earn bread. Oh, the wretch that caused this !" It was a highly successful concert. The finale was the great quartette in "Lucia di Lammermoor," and the applause was terrific at its conclusion. The curtain had to be raised, and all the performers came forward, Gertrude and Flora in the midst. It was then that Flora for the first time looked thoroughly at the audience. As her glance wandered round, just when the curtain was descending, she uttered a cry and became insensible in Gertrude's arms. She had seen three faces, and these three faces were connected with her fate. ( To be continued.) 