THE HAUNTED HUIíK, Or, The Wreöfc of tho Spanish Main. Ho was ulwuys u great 8c)iolar,: was Bi and knows a power of- stuff. While t other ; boys 'were lolloping on the .dec smoking or telling yarn«, Bill used to lying there, with his chin resting on 1 bunds, reading away for dear life, mid t older tho books tile- better he liked them : Bill had got quito half a chest full old yoyuges and travels," and he could ti you anything about1 tho Dons who usi to, conni out to thu golden America to. loi their ships with bars and ounces, and tin go back home. Only get Bill in the humor, and tho wi .he'd-'talk- about Spanish galleons nt ?doubloons and sliver ingots-why, would make your lingers itch, being on a poor suilor, you know, with only two < ; three pounds a in nth. "Jack Harris," .10 says to mc ono du. "would you like to mnke your fortune ?' " Like to make iny what ?" I says. Like to make your fortune, mau, at1 havo us much gold and jowols as woui keep you iii.comfort to thc end of yoi days." ; " Try me," I says, sharp, and short. Now, when he said that wo were iyiii at Hispanotra, which is a shabby little b ol' a port in the Carib sea, right nu tho tc of South Americu, you know, whore tl sens shut in on thu oast by the islands « Jamaica mid St. Domingo, and the rest c them, and surrounded north, south, an west by the Americas und thc Isthmus' c Panama. . It was a shabby sort of port, as I said but our skipper, who was un urtful sort c card, hud foraged it out, and, as far as w knew, our ship, tho " Juno Brown," c Livorpool, Wus thc only ono us ever trude there. Tho consequence was that lie did 11 fin bit of .trade witii thc Indian chaps, bring lug .hem Manchester cottons, Briimmugot guns, powder and shot, Shcilield knivc und axes, and so on, with a fow prett, beads and bright handkerchiefs for th women, while iu return thijy used to swu¡ dyewoods, mid wo had leave from th chief-a cacique, he used to cull himself to go into thu woods and cot down th grout mahogany and ebony trees, whicl thc Indians used to prise into the littl rivers, ami we lloatcd down to the bit o a harbor, and got tho sticks abourd. i There was 110 town, only a collection q huts, but they used to look very pretty strewed about tho tiny bay, with tin" wonderful green trees mid grosses growing up ubout them. Them was fruit cnougl to glvo all tho sailors in tho world tin stomach ache, and tho Indians used ti iii uko a vary tidy sort of a tipple out of 1 great cactus plant, ns grew abundantly ii the dry parts among the rocks and stones ?and then they used to be a simple, happj sort1 of poople ; g-ood-Iooking, too, espoci tilly the women ; and they'd wear feather! mid flowers,-'mid work a little, and sin; and dance, and cat und sleep a good den moro, and so lifo went very easy witl them. , We'd beeil there about a month wher Bill carno to ino, as I said, ono day, ari<i usked ino if I'd liku to make my fortune The ship was about three parts loaded and hil was going 011 well, thu cneiqut spending hulf his time in the skipper's cabin, helping him to empty rum bottle.' and-'wo seemed to have about anothei fortnight to stay before weighing unchoi for home. i I'd always noticed that Bill slipped oft pf un oveiiing us soon ns cargo lunding 01 wood chopping was done ; but, after run jiing1 ngnmst him one moonlight night, talking to a" pretty little Indian girl, whose hair was full of feathers und Howers,' ! winked to myself, and felt that I knew thc reaso» why."1""'?." '*'"'.'. ' " Jack,".says.he, "you're about the, only mau off board tlie >'Jaue ' Brown ". I^cun trust." ? . ... " Why so ?" I says. - ; " Becanso, inqto, you can keep your own counsel, und don't go ohutturiijg to overy ono all you hour and seo," j "Laziness, that's all," I says grimly. . i " No, it isn't laziness, Jack," says ho. ! " JJut how about this hore fortune ? " I says, to turu -tho conversation,, for Pin. us silly us a gul wl|a» oily one gets praising mc. ! " Well, Jack," ho siiys, after givfua? a glauco round tb seo that 110 ono wnsllstcn hjg, "you know I've often told about the ¿piiüjVú Dons used to come hero hundreds of yearn ugo," i " Waa it about f(ufo ? " I says. I ! " Yes.,' we're just in tho very thick pf ' their old haunts. Tho pooplu ' abmfí JiPfo in those days usod to: hvo in. towns und cities, und bo very rich in gold.and sllvor, till the Spaniards oiunc and killed them, burned their cities, »nd plundered them of their: gold." ! "Well?" I says. : " Well," said Hill ; " then thov used to get huck to their ships and sail oil!; und some used to got safe away,. whilo others used to bo wrecked in, thc hun ic mes that came How und thoii-^.éust ashore -with all their rich plunder, and nobody loft to toll the tale." ' '" i *' Hard lines for thom," I says. ??> "Jack," said Bil), in a whisper, anil lil« voice grew very deep, whilo tho water- in tho harbor seemed, ns it beat softly against tho sides of thc ship, aft flljl bf fireflies' us the rustling woods ashore, Where they were darting ? and . gleaming abaut )jko dancing «tors, though of course it. wasn't lircllios in the u'utcr, but thoso phosphorus ?jolly lishos ., which swarmed in every bucket of water you dipped ( »0 " Jack, says Bill, " it's always been my dream, to lind -one of theso wrecked Spanish gal- leons, anil ai. Ju st I havo found ono." ? f Loaded' with, gold, Blllj"isuys huskily for lw quito took away wy breath. ! "T hat il- dou'tjknow yoi, byt I Jmjio so." ; " Where in »ha ?" I. says cageriy, '.' Wait a bit," says Jlill, You know, Juck, I've scraped ucqijuiutunuu with 11 prolly little nulH'O hiss, , ' "Hotter let-hor alone," Í says.-( ? . : ." She's pne£pf :tlio eaciipio'g .daughters," suytfBill ;|',i;aii(l if "all turns out right, us I \- -i&puot;,'! shall'charter a vasse, Jsomuwlicrc und vomo und load-up hore," "What with. Bill?" I says excitedly. " Gold, my lad, gold, and then take he away to England, and make a lady o her." ". And how about me ?" I says.' ' " Your fortune shall be made too, Jack,1 he says. " Only giro nie your word ti utáad by me tb the lost." " There's my fist," I says, giving it ti him ; " and that's bettor thou lots o: words." _ So ho gripped it fast, and then began ti tell me Ids plans. Tezela, that was tho girl's name, hac told him that in an out-of-tho-wny part ol the shore, about eight: miles away, ther< .was a great Bhip lying half 'buried in tin sands, where1 it had been cast ashore According to her account it was biggei than our vessel ; and though it was gradu ally rotting away, no one ever went neai it, for the people of^ tho , country said ii waa full of bud spirits, who would shy the first ono who went too near. . < She had promised to net as guide te hei lover, Bill, and was to meet him tho next night to «how him thc way through tin woods,'and Bill- wanted me to act as n sort of helpmate or body guard. We talked the matter well over, anil decided that the best tilings wev could take with us would be a good spado, II coiipld of, axes, and a pair ol: cutlasses, if we coiild smuggle them- out of tl ie cabin. I'uudortook to do that, andi got be- sides a sling keg, that held about a couple of quarts of: rum and water, and thin I lilied and stowed ready. The spado was tho hardest thing to get hold of. I know there was sonie in tho cargo, but couldn't tell where ; su I got hold of tho cook's shovel from, thc giilloy, and then, with nil ready, waited for evening. , Fortunately, wo had not a very hard duy as it had been hot, and tho skipper had. been very easy with the mon ; so wc wore tolerably fresh in the .evening when it came on dark, and Bill and ino skulked ovor tho side, well armed and ready for our tusk. I had got a lantern and candles, and thorcst of them slung ovor my shoulder so that with tho keg, thu axe, spado and cut- lass;' too, I lookod a regular Robinson Crusoe sort of a character ; only' it was in thc dnrk and no ono could seo mo. Bill caught hold ol'my hand os soon ns wo were ashore, and lcd ino right away from thc little town into the wood, ana then, taking a path, went right on for about ton minutes before stopping short under a . groat tree, whose leaves imulo everything about UH, black ns the hold with thc hutches, battened down and tar- paulined. Hero ho gave a sort of chirrup like a cricket, and directly at'tor thero was a faint piping noise from tho loft liko a little bird calling to its mate. Bill chirruped again, and I could just make out a slight, dark figure como boun- cing along tobo caught in his arms.' Tho girl started away again on making oin out, hut on a word or two from Bil shu put out a soft littlo hand in mine, and thou going in front, «ho led the way through the woods. Wo must have gone walking for qnite three hours, including ten minutes smoke, and then on again. Tho wood was fiill of strange noises and moro than ouce we henrd a crash mid a howl, which made us out with our cut- lasses «nd stand ready, hut nothing at- tacked us Once, too, I trod on HouietTiiug round and soft which glided along under my foot. I knew it was a snake, and a shudder ran through mc, as I expected it. to bite ; but it got away, and we went On through tho hot wood. Moro than once I was afraid that our littlo guide hud lost her way in tho darkness but she kept steadily on, giving a bit of a laugh when Bill asked lier if she know the way, and at lust I hoard the'dasb of water ; then I caught a gleam of light, and fivo minutes after wo wore" walking, through the soft sand on -which tho water,: gloam- ing like gold, kept rolling in. 1 . It was not HO (lark hore for the sand was light colovod, and tho stars sliono brightly" aa tho Indian girl laid ono hand.upon Bill's arm» ,m<l pointing with the other said, in lier broken English : << There it is !",. .", ; .. . I coiild only make out what looked liko a lumP of rock lying close;up to thóTpiilin trees which fringed tlib simd" quite fifty yards from the water ¡-and as I started to go to it the girl tried to stop mo. . .. "No, HQ," »ho cried. Bud spirits--eat you." ,.; ?;. : ' Both Bill and I laughed, and when she saw that wo were going.up to tho hulk sho gave a sigh and then in a stubborn sort of way. she mastered her fours. and keeping ojoso tQ Bill, walked with us to the weather floaten,' inussivo aid hulk of a very largo ship willoh'hail evidently huon oast np by some great wave, and muco then tho saiid hail boon lilied around it, while tho seu had evidently retired. We walked round it and found that it was of a strange old fashioned build, what QÉ ty HTl" not rotted away ; there, was a very high', tiwi), (ind tho timbers wore though woi'in-eaton, h«uvy und strong .' Au old Spaniard. Jacky'iny mato siiys, and then ho mado he- m«do to climb oil board. .'?''???-,.'. Th0 <£¡r' SiW0 a shriok.and clung to hun ;. ?lint uf tor a 1& w words she let go, and throw horsoie on tho sand sobbing Violently. Bill climbed up and stood on tho stern, nnd l.wfla not long in following him, when -Ifound.that thero were no deck plunks left, ns far as I could see dnrk, but thero Woro tl»e cross-beams and ties, .while the bul writs and (ho lipright pioccs beside us had ovumhlod and «OHO IntP cUist, 1 "She's.full ol - wwi, Jack," my mate says to me, as ho loaned down probed at the.dock with his cutlass ; and when I did tho same I found he was right. AS to moving from where we hud climbod up, tlntf did not scorn wiso, for everything was so rowen IHJ<1 decayed that a stop in any direction would moít 'hkoly Ji^vo sont us through tho rotten wood Into somo bolo, full, porhapa, of anokos or vonomous boasts, : I was for going down and walting', till morning, but Bill was to enterprising for for that, mid ho started of in n careful ^-uy, keeping along by tho ragged-worn stumps that liad supported tho bulwarks ; so, or: course I followed. : , . 'f flhe'H. huloii wdh.gqld, Jack, for a BovavoUn ho says, in a whisper. . " Thin why has not aQinobqdy hoon bo , foro aud got it out qt hep ?" J says, I " Atraid of tho spirit», my lad," no says; ¿ ;;. v ;'.'; ¡ : ' ? '^-v-X' frM il'>l'-?*Y['^'^ ><."-' - 1 ?:..': .:;' :?-:???>.,- ?" i1:-.,' ;:'í'. *.:.<'. U.V. jr: '. Bill, what's that ?" I says, with m; mouth turning all dry, and a hornill shuddering- feeling creeping ove me, " What's] what, stupid ?" he sayt " Nothing. " You ain't afraid of ghosts are you? Juck, . .luck, look !" he suyt directly after ; and lie caught ine_ hy th arm with a strong grip, ns lie pointed ti where tho stern cabin must hov been. ' ' ??. : ? Ho saw it now as plainly os I .did, tba there was a curious dull light shining ou from that part of the ship, and OH WI looked this seemed to make plain tin whole of the after-part, only , in a dim strunge way, and instead of lookinj decayed there wo« tho tull poop, deck ul plain, with its great tiller and big lantern: round the bulwarks, all of them burning while grouped around,5 'standing, sitting lying, or hanging over the bulwarks, won about ' twenty] swarthy looking fellows with black hair and hands. ? , They were ull armed with"long 's\vcirds i and ono 'fellow, who lind ii ' feather in hii cup,'had on a sort of pulled breeches, niiil j a steel thing all over bis breeches, und i steel tking all over his breast, while lib moustaches were long and pointed, uni' ho kept on drawing them out with ont hum!, while with tim other he nursed i very largo, thin sword, ucruss his lap. I was puzzled ut lirst to make out what he was sitting on, but I saw directly timi it was a lotix, bright brass cuuo», und timi four inure ol' lils companions ' \vYrc sitting on big brass guns, only these pointed oui of thc sides, whilo tho one thc black mous- tached fellow was sitting on, was ii lon«, gun, right in thu centre of thu deck. It seemed so curious, too, that 'wherever tho strange light fell the dock Inokeil sound, and there wero ropes coiled up, though where we stood nil was rotten iii so much timber. Wo stood there as if turned to stone, and UK for mo I felt à cold, strange thrill running down my buck ; whilo as for moving I could not havo stirred to save my life. "It's fancy, HUI," I says at lust ; ninian I spoke one of thu black-looking fellows rolled a little keg up. to tho ono who was sitting on thc brass gun, took out the j head, und put in Iiis hand to bring it out full of great pieces of bright, shining gold. _ Tho mau on the gun nodded and stroked his motistuch, mid the' others looked on, I whilo the limn with tho keg put in the head again, and rolled it to a bolo in tho deck," down where ho scomod to baud it to som« one else. '? I . "Tain't fvncy Jack," says Hill hoarsely 1 to me, just then, "Those arc somu nf tho old Spaniards who-" Ho Jstopped short, and wo two stood holding tightly by each other's arms, as it strange sighing wind ; swept by us ; and there, where we had seen tho group of figures only a moment before, tlioro was nothing lett but tho same faint glare as wo had seen at first. ; You know, I j don't Want to say sitpar natural things.were like overy-day things, but that gale, wavy light was just tho sumo UH ig seen over fish when it has been caught for a fow hours. "Lot's go Bill," I, says, as soon asl 'could get my drouth ¡ lind not feeling that I should like to get buck tho way I carno, I took a big jump of ¡some fifteou or twenty feet off tho side into tho soft sand ; and wlien^ Bill saw that I-had lauded safely, ho jumped too, and' tho Indian girl came, and clung to < him, delighted to see him safely back. ' " It's . very strange," says Bill: " I should not have believed it if any one had told mo." ." Let's got back'" I says. " Get back? What, when we've just seen that I am right, and that this is one of the old Spanish galleons? No, Jack we'll wait iill daylight if you ¡liku, but I am not going to . give up. Spirits etin't .hurt men, uud. that gold's no good to thuin now." ? '^'Xot when they stop there and watch it,"I says. " Go, and besides, it's-a kind of fancy. There aro 110'spirits there, only wc getting on board'the old vessel, naturally-'enough' seemed .to see tito cro w asjtlioy used te be .all thoso long years ago, when they used to live." ... " Andjdo you moan to go abouad again ?" I says . ? , '.: Go aboard ? Yes, and make suro of tho gold, and then come back and fetch it." As Dill spoke there cantu another curious sighing breeze o If thc sea, and as it swept .over tho old- ga[leon it seemed ; to carry away with'it the soft, faint light that hail buen playing over tba vessel's stern ; und directly after she lay there, black and grey and gloomy, nuder tho sluulow of the 'great, tuU'cocou palms. 1 Being a stubborn kind of fellow, I said no more ; only pulled out and -filled my pipe, which I lit aniljbeguu to smoke, watting to soo what, was tn ho thc end af the ad venting whiloBill sut down on tho sand beside his little girl, uiidbegiui sulk- ing to ber in a low tone. . Wo had nït long to wait for morning. I don't suppose wo hud been sitting thcro ntiliour before tin cast was nil full of golden flecks and orango spots, thou tho blue sky fretted, M'Uh SQld, aiul ljoiir it thora.wore tho most brilliant colors you ovor saw.- Soon ofter, the great golden sun rolled slowly up, and the gray rotten hulk-that lay on tho sands sccniud tu turn to gold iu its turn. 1 : With tho bright clear morningj and tho sündanalng on tho wator.'oamo plenty bf courage';- nnd I was'quito ready to laugh at my .tuarn and thoso of tho Indian girl , us I followed Bill aud climbed up tho rotten wood till I stood upon tho ruins of the dook once moro. : : I lnqkui} ilirocpy fo¿r tl)o Irqgoyioop and its deolf i7Unl«ai>i|i| gnus-us J fiml soon them last night, but thoro wero only somo rugged^ weather eaten upright« to show where rt had buen ; but on going over it vory direfully there, sure enough, sunk down ajid lying iu sand mid rotten wood wore partly exposed three of tho brasn guns, not htiglit, hui nqverail wi*U ft Wuo ish green rust-r:wl|ilo tim hretioli q£ .tho long swivel piece, upon willoh tlio Spanish Don hqd aoomod about three foot bolow .wlioro I stood. . It was very strange, for wu hud no'idea hofore of thoso guns being thora ; und, us Bill said, if ono part of whut" we saw truo> why.tliu other part; Vfus sii'rü,tq.1io¡ , "tye lind i| g^qipnnk.qyqp -[lid ^Ijip, tft »»p what a g'ri|tjd vessel rt nii)striti\VP"'-l4¿ui\rr; . clumsily bqil't, rçccqn(iu,gv' td ;qu,r, uotiuiis, fl Wlfif'l tlw lieilYino^ nfc lier luli^ora hnd mada hon hold together porhaps two hutx 'Cfafflt wa-fifty yow* ? ? i - .. As wc hud made out during' the night, there was a great deal of sand in tin; hold, where it lind drifted through gaping Kennis in the ship's side ; but on leaping boldly down, shovel in hand, and ' tltursting it down, Bill; found it emne in contact two or three timen with- something hurd.' ?. Then, helping him up, we both" went to poop, and stood looking down at tila sand below the gum*; . . . ? ' - I expect we both felt about thc Harne- tt sort of shiver of dread, but i would not show it ; and taking thc spade from Bill's hir.id, I.was about to plunge it down into the sand,'when a warning cry from tile Indian girl made us hurry oiï tlie'dcfk mid run to her side.' The girl hud rati .into.the shelter of tho trees and as wo joined her she mudo a sign to, ¡usure silence ; and thou, in a whisper,; sho mado known to my imito that »lie had heard paddles.. - And surcenotigh, at the end oía minute we saw a canoe, paddled by two men, cunio into sight, anti one of it'* occupants stood up and began to scan the shore with his hands shading his eyes. " IsJ that tho mun !" Bill whispered to thc girl, and she shuddered and dung cluser to him, as «he nodded -quickly. ; . ? I saw Bill's face grow very black u»d angry as he knelt under corer : watching thc mau in.tho boat till hs had passed.on out of sight, und then we ro-te and linnie, our way buck to WM ri I our vessel. l'or we had no leave to bu away, and wished to avoid trouble if wc could. What Bill meant to do in thu future 1 could not say ; but for my part, gold or no gold, 1 felt as if it would take a very strong tn get m:j to the sid ; of tli.it hulk again hy night, after what 1 lind M tun. We hud got buck to the ship after a long lint walk, nail it wai »till so carly, tlmt no one took any nolie:.! ol: our being on shore; those who did se-. u.i return sitting it do wu that wu had got. up vory early, mid gone ashore for a «troll. ; AU that day we were bniy getting stacks of iiiuhogniiy ninian], dragging them alongside, and th.MI slinging them up and, gutting thuin in nt port-holes made on purpose in thc bows. Now, all tho time I was at work there, thinking about what we lind soon tho night beforo, und Bill looked so quiet that I could see he was thinking about it too; but I was not so iljep un that ns not to be able to notice something else, so that -1 was not a bit surprised when Bill ' said to ino suddenly :. "Jack 1 farris, just oust your weather eye ashore, by them lugs, and tell inc if ? you seo anything." I gave a squint hi thu direction he meant, and then said: "No I can't soo anything." " Nothing ?" ho said curiously. " Unly that Indian chap who's boon watching in all-day long, if you mean him." ,',.'. " Yes," ho said, taking a pull nt a rope, "I du mean him. But don't taku any notice so as to scorn to bc watching him. That's tho Indian who's always running after my little Tozehi, und she hates him." " Ho ! " I said. " Bit jealous then? " " I suppose so," ho said. : "I wouldn't go on shore at night, then, Bill," I said. "Whynot?" " Because Englishmen are jealous' with their tongues, and when they are- very .jealous it's with their fists." !'Well?" " : . " But thosp Indian chaps ure all jealous with a long'knife, which they .make n present to you, and sheath it in your ribs " "I'm afraid of him, .lack," ho says, with a quiet smile; "but as to not going ashore to-night, I must ; for we must have a try mid got u specimen of tho lading of that old galleon. Then, it muy reft till we como, homo again." " Why you won't go and face what wo did last night, mute," I says. " Indeed, .Tack, but I will," he said with a dirimís smile on his -lip us he lookod round ut mu ; »nd Jack Marris isn't thc 'mute to hang back in such ii case us this, oven if wo do see a ghost or two." I took another pull at tho rope, and then wetted my hands, 'and. took another pull be ture I unswered. . Vor, look you, I won't dony it, I was frightened, and the idea of yoing mm facing that party of uncanny-looking, old world looking psople scared mo not u littlo. . " Well, Jack," said Bill, smiling, "you won't hang back, will you." " If you UHk my advice, Bill, old mate, what I says is don't go, but Jack Harris isn't thc boy to hung back and letjiis messmate go ulalie," "I know you'd go, Jack," lie said, slid- ing his feet down tho rope so as to get a grip at my hand ; " and look here,1 mate, I won't bo shabby ovor sharing, lt'» a fortune for both of us ; only I must have certainty beforo I can charter a »Inp to conto and nnloud her," . " Do you think thom Dons will, let yon touch tho .cargo,. Bill?" I say», in a' whisper. " Do you think-wind would stop us, or the ligures wo soo in a dreanij Jack ? " ho says, with thc sume qu'tot smile. .' There, mun, don't -bo scared ut shadows ! I can't explain it to you; but what we saw last night worojonly tho shadows liko-of the mun who-used to-watch over tho treasures in that ship beforo she was cast away. Depend upon it, they were drowned at the tinic." . -"And lutvo walked,'that deck ayer since '{ " I suys, with a bit of a shiver. " Nonsense, mau, there's nothing- to bo scared about," ho said. . " I'm moro afraid of that Indian fellow dodging us than all tho Spanish crow." I didn't say more jnst then ; but just as wo woro finishing for tho eyonhig, with thu skipper, in nvro good humor becanso of thu valuable timber sticks ho had got aboard, Bill said to me : " Shu's going to. bo in waiting,for us at dark to-night, under tho tree; HO .meet me thero sumo us last night We'll slip, off at different times. If I'mj first, I'll , wtlit till you come. VP'V «wy Ue «tire I didn't Uko my joli any tho bettor fer «.coing that tho Indian was bunging about thero,' ovidontly watching tho «hip to see who wont ashore; and I conld not help thinking it would go very hard with my matu if this folluiy saw him and the little lmh>\M «,-""4 \or gcthor, ' .IIlqw:e,v.e^ I w-asivt master! Bill ai\it\ : wo \yoru to. go, sn I I\n4 rushing to, ifa hut .tq follow him t"V-l HtV3'* t«. hinv through tlupk; anil thin ; and somehow I'd como to I- think that-I'd do good doal for HUCII a littlu girl ns that chiof's d«ugj|terj gvg» if lier skin was of a dusky brown : wliil when it happened, too, tbat »bo t-onlil pu nie in the way of a big fortune, it wn something to be thought of-^-only then wm tho ghosts.' " Well, poor girl, she can't help them, I said to mys:lf, mid lighting my pipe, , settled down for II quiet smoke »nd think and, without appearing to notice, I SHU that my Iudiuu . friend was still 'hnngiuj about on the watch. .. \- Now, as you perhaps know, out there it those tropic countries there's no half Ugh far un hour or so, but utmost directly af tel the sun . goes down the stars com-j oui thick mid bright, au-1 it's a «hange at one« from day to night. . So it w.is th MI; D.Hvn wont the sim, and it' was night; and th ; Inst- tiling I scamed to see aslmrj, w.'tich was indy twenty or thirty yards nwny, for wo were moored by a rope, h sad and st-jru tn the coeoii-nut trees, which grew close to; tin edge of the deep harbor-I say ¡ the losl thing I seemed to seo ashore was tin swarthy figaro of that Indian, i Our way to get inhere was to step down i into thc boat, fastened,by a running linc to one of thu mooring . roper, and pull oneself ashore. Any ouu who wanted tc follow or gu b.ick only having to tako II pull ut thu lino to do wlmt ho liked with thu bout. i 1 waited my time, mid then, sibling gently down an.I into the bout, I gotnsUore without a sound, »nil stooping down got into the shadow of lb.' trees without,- us I thought, being seen. As nour us 1 could tell, it wasabnut tba time Hill h.ul appointed ; and nflcr taking my bearings,'!' made for thu big ~ true, wondering how lung it would be before be came. -, , It was. queer sort of : work, this dodging about in, the dark, und stealing uwuy lesl any of the I lillians should see you bul sailors'eyes get pretty, uvll.usuil to-tin (lurk, elsa, where would thuy be on a n¡ghi watch ? So I stole on very still und -ipiict. ii'td untile my wily right tnotigh ? to, tin; j tree, where I mount to try thc chirrup that j Hill .lind given, so us to .let the little girl know that 1 was ashore. . . ; j J twas bUekor than ever beneath thu i ticos-not sn much as a star shining thrungli; iind 1 was going softly ulong with iiiinds stretched out, so us not to run against IL wurm, suit arni.. Ali ! you're there nruyou, little one?" I sititl, und I tried to catch hold, but, my arm was brushud away j there was a slight rustle, and then all was still. . '..lust us you.liku, my. dear," I says to myself. ".1 shouldn't haw hurt my mate Hill's little sweetheart, but I won't frighten you by running after you." " Just ut that moment I licuid my narnu whispered.. "Jack-Jacki" , ., lîsv " Hero away î" I whispered back. -"I didn't know you'd come, Bill.'! " Hist 1" lie said, and then hogavo tho low chirrup, which.was answered, and tho nuxt moinuiit thu little girl ran panting up, and wo started off for the hulk once more. ' f'Did I scare you, touching you, little one ?" I?? said, after.we'd been, walking about half an hour. . . The little girl gave a wondering sort of reply, und Hill u>k«d her tho question 'ugnin, with a similar result.' "What do you mean, Jack," said my mate at last..- . . V " I mean did I frighten her ;iwhen J touehed her. in the dark, just- before you culled me," I siiid.-.: .} ; . ... " She says you ure mistaken. . You did not touch her," said Hill, after whisper- ing to her with a few moments. . " I'm sorry, for it then,". I. said to ? my ,Helf, ns we walked on, "for if I didn't touch her I did somebody else, and; most likely . somebody else is . following us." .. We went on in silenco for another, hour or so, and. then, coming to tho spring, we sat .down nguiu for a rest, as we had done tho night' bcfo.ro, . and whilo.wu sippod thc drop of rum-uud-wutcr we hud brought with us, I sat wondering whether we hud bean followed, and got in quite a nervous state,' as I couldn't, help feoliug that some ono might spring upon us at any moment, knife in hand, from tho darkness,, und we have no chance to mako a light of it., Thoro WAS a faint rustió ns of something passing through tho bushes once or twice ; but, ns that might bo, soiuo small animal little, h'eed wus given to it; and once more we set off,", walking' ^quietly ? ."und steadilv for t'1*5 I"ut of tho ooast whero the.huile was lying. From rc word or two I heard [futi, I know that the little girl i was going un- willingly ; : but such was her devotion for. poor Hill that the would have gono through lire mid wnter for him with Imrdly.a word, and on they-went, and I cunio .-last. Twieo ovor when I stopped to give my land 'u bit of a hitch, 1 fancied I hen'rd sounds bohiiul us, and thnt.worrieil.ino so that, nt last, without saying a word to my mate, I stopped shortsiidilvnly and slipped beside the track . amongst, some bushes, leaving these two to go steadily on, which they did without noticing ino, whilo I hoped to be able to overtake them after- ward, ?. ' ... ? '. - I found I was right ; for I had not boon waitiug .«nd i holding myself in readiness moro1, than three minutes before-1 _heard Roiiicouo coming daintily along on tip-toe, evidontly trneing us step by step. ..: As far ns { could ninko ont, there was nnly ono,, but thc durkness amongst, the trees was-so great thut. I- could. hardly, make out thc shape of a «nan. ; ?.'.-.. , \- I wns ready-for him though, my cutlass out;.lind giving it a «wing,up wards I brought tho, blunt back of tho blade against his hoad a tremendous oruck. '< Now, p'r'ans you'll go your way and let us go ours, I suid, . ns, with - a cry. of surprise and' alarm, the Indian' gave a troinomtous b»und, and dashed oifuinungst the trees. ; "That'll settlo him for iy bitjV'I said to myself,'ns I trudged on, and, after nearly losing'my way,- onmo -upon Bill - and, tho Indian girl waiting for mo. ? " What WK« that noise ?" said Äill cigerly. . "Only somo kind of; 6 wild cat tracking us," I suid^ t'.uiui I let , it ? have my l\ium&r.;" /' Bill gave mo a doubtful sort c\f toolibut ns I said no nuire l\e turno*) wni\ -wont-on, nivl ¡iv co,ip-so nf tbno^wo cunio out onco maro upan tho si»nds,\woro thc sea] gently rippled in und rolled over all, gobion with phosphorescence. -V , . ,-s ? ; Thora- lay-tho hulk, though quito;bktck, and without a sign or ti to dirr^Ugrit WO had 909« tho nitf'lt k9Â9tPt. ' I There .Tuck," Bill suid, ns Hie little maiden crouched down under the shelter of a lilith; "tin-re's a good sign. ï\<>«*, I my lad, axe, spade, and a little activity ; mid we'll Hoon see whether the old fellow ' ix worth powder and shot. Bring the lantern." -. ..? ng ! I took a -lina grip at my courage, and, hauled him home, us, laying down_ such T things -n* I did not went want, I lit tho lantern, shut np the horn door closely, und.^ . tlien hanging it to my neck by a lanyard, vi took axe, and spade in Ininti, followod Bill to the hulk, and elimb'.'d up utter him till i we stood once muro on the ragged edge oí tho hull, level with tba deck. i "Uivo mo >tho lantern! hu), said Bill, and I gave it to him,when to show mo ago id example, ho leaped boldly on to thc dry and rotten wood, cline hythe long ennuin, and «nilled on me to follow. "There, my hui," ho-sahl, laughing, - i thcroV nothing to be afraid ot, and wc ro (not a pair of girls tobe frightened at ahí- - ¡dows. Give me that spudo." I ? AH he said, there was nothing to be I afraid of us tar us I could see, but the ; I darkness J while the lantern, Irom where / I wo set it down, throw a dim, yellow glow I on tho place where Bill was going to. ; - dig. ; ' . . ?? ??>-!:?? i i Tht next minute he had driven hisshorel I down into the saud and powdering (wood*/..;; «nd thrown ii shovelful aside; then another.-:? and n not he:. , -i .. " We shall soon get to something,.-laJj'N I ho sniii eiicoiiriigingly, :''and..vthó.-pepplo¿.wvy i aro too nundi afraid of ,tliis. place to.;coiiio_,vír¿;¿ and int-rfere- with it after woVergone.Vf*» wiiiitN Unity" ' ; » He stinted, and so did I, for nt that ino--V^ mont the lantern -fell, over on; its^sulcy!-v rolled nwitjy lliekereil a moment, u;iii went,iv*.-l out. ' ~ 1,.' V " You must have caught it with^the^V.l-; edgo ol: the shovel," I Midd, ivith iiiy.moutlúO.'í .-, " feeling all dry,' for-1 didn't béliovéjjio-í;^^ had. ^ ' I ' i," f" : "I siipjio*!: I did,", he «lid, in a stratige.".'>V',:v: voie* ;but it. don't ¡natter, for thare's C.-...' light-enough,'' anil he went? on digging y ?£ away..: , ? . . ?. , - -::::.. '".?: . Ile wa -i quite right,, thougli\iiiy, hair' seemed, to bo stirred by a cold liuiiil. as ll .-. snw what I did ; , for, us he. now "-fiercely. drove in the spade, ut every stroke there wits a palo blueish light seemed to coinu,.' ,;| out of thc saud, und spread till thero was a- > : faint glow shining up, so that I coiild.'sco-^ i tho shovel quite plain, und Bill's figure'as : ' - he stooped., . - ? , -. . . ,:.?<. . " Only phosphorus, out of demi rotten. \ . -. bones and wood, Jack," ho said, in a. -. bourse sort ol: voice, and he went on dig . ging awny till I. heard the blade ok tho . shovel give u sharp jar, us if it had bit upon a piece of iron. . : -. . ;.?.:..: ' :? '" XÎW, Jack," ho said, as tho shovel .' rattled once moro, and, /stooping 'down, >: : v. he thrust ids hands into thc bolo: ho had : made, whuro the light was so strong that ??''.:???; I could seem quito plainly, and. that ho caught up in them a . doublo lwndful :pf-:..Ä~;, shining gold pieces nearly ns"-big-as ' <-. orowtis, but mixed up with amid aiidrbits: :: ?:?:: ot rotten wood. 1 . "Goldi" I said, speaking now -As hoarsly ns he. ,, » ? '? " Yea, lad gold ! live just cut through...; tho side of a rotten kog. : L->ok !" he said, ; v,-j chopping with tho shovel, V there's - ; tho :>>'; hoops ;. and down below höre..on'either-',-; V side, aro any quantity. , Look !" .. .- : J' ? : He drow his cutlass as ho spoko and ,:' and thrust it down hore und there,' for,it -:¿.v,: to jar and stop ul most directly, us if hitting ; something hard, like metal. . ~ ... - :, ^v?.. But I hiinlly noticed tili» : thoagh-'fl.vfjM seemed to take it in nt tho_ Hame glance-; ;. for, ns Bill who .doing this, I could seo '-' :? - that ho was working like in the middle of j v tho black looking bpuuinrd who was just,:.. lowering down thc kegs I liad seen- it,.v : done when-the.deck was perfect. Worse still, just over mo-for my head wini about. : '?' on a level with where tho- dock used'to be.:-w -there was the Spanish Don sitting - nura- ' ing his -sword and twisting his pointed! - ? moustaches as ho looked full into my eyes v;.1 ???'> with the most horrible sturo l cve'r saw. V v. ... All round, too, sitting, and standing -": about, were the Spanish crew, in tho midst' of thu pale glow, which lind now grown - quite bright, and I could see that . every >?-.:., one had his oyo fixed on mo in the samo torriblo.sture ns their leader. , ?. - - - I triod to call my mute, but my tongue / - stuck to the roof of my mouth, uimSI could:- vi not move hand or foot, while, to my horror, t-v thero was Bill still mixed up like with tlio . : great' Spaniurd, digging through him and - ' passing the shovel through his buck or legs/' ' t at every stroko. , . , . .v ,. ..' All 'ut once Bill stood straight up, mid I- j felt now'that ho must seo all that 1 did;' tv -: but a terrible cry from thc winds made , him drop the shovel and bound¡to tho side.'^ "ÎHoro, quick, Jack, holp!" hoBliouteil,'M-v'.'^ he Hung himself down from the ship, -fal-V,.. ling .heavily on - tho sand, while -I. in; a'.-'*: strnngo, heavy way, ns if my legs were^of ' sv, lead, dragged myself after him. . ]?:'*? ?..>,:::. . I don't know how I got down from that . ' horrible hulk, only that I half rolled, half ! foll, and thou, giithcriug myself up,' stag «y,': gering after Bill to thc ¿roo whens-we lin»! ?-.''-':;' loft the littlo Indian -girl, and- whore -it '.?' .".:' aoomod. tonio that a struggle waa /going-' : on. I hoard a wild .cry,: and what'sounded- ,'..: like a bl»w and a smothered ground; The uoxt moment saino ono leaped ut mo, and. Iv,, v. sccmoil to seo a thousand stars ns '-I, was í 1. ' dashed down on :the ' sunda, .wjae^'' in'.n.'j ? ï coiifusoil, dim way I roomed to hoar crien'-'-, > and shrieks and then all was blank.:'' .:.?.,..?.',?:.-! When I enme to it was to lind Bill leim- .-- ; iiignvornie with hi« face ullcututid bloody, . "/>: and he was splashing water but of his ca¿ * upen my face. I struggled to my foot to find it ^rua i. ; broad duylight wrth tho sun ? shining - f ull up us. . , ii, . ' "Whore.s-" . , ; ^ ' I didn't finish whnl I was going to> say, j,! for I had felt whnt had happened-that the Indian had followed ns up, and,: after, v ; (Hitting UH down carried off tho girl, anil Bill, my poor mate, cut: mo. short by. ,. pointing into tho -woods. . . - .' ..',. ? - ? " Bn.uk to til» ship," he said, - faintly ; : ,<.. >: and wetting his nrm undermine, nftof ono ..',' shuddering look at tho hulk, I helped him' .? along, drooping moro and moro after the. first milo through tlio woods. " Then ho lay down and rested, "and.- v fuimd thuttho Indian lind passed his kliifo :J through thc poor fellow's «host, leaving;, two ugly wounds that I w«s obliged to plug; ' '. / to keep tho life in Um». ?-':.;v!',:i,;-:' '. Let's get wwny-further away, Jlocft,'", ho whlvjorod, and wo struggK-U om agnïri, < |f C, Vit ut a timo, till wo roaoHnetl! tlio ' spring;' ru1 whero I luid him tlewn on, tlio leave« ,uml .bathed hi« face, andilUAtle him drink pill . '.'.' oUbi^lQ^ - ' , TimircvivoctJiiiii furn bit, 'mt I ¿could Bec it change in hi-if «ya that told mc what wa« coining. ?;?:'-,! . jC, ^vi; .'Jack,-' hf said at Inst, ?vi'.coiho back soiiv; dnynntl gctthc gold. ./IJi- avti- it nil to yon, uu.t-iC you sec my poor girl again tell her I loved her very true, and she should have b .>cn my wife. I didn't make him any promise, for no sooncrfm-l-he said ""that thnn?lic'^jaVe^a faint kind of sigh, mid it was all over, leaving nie crying. likc^a grout ^child-for BH1 líiidiíécii n*goî5Tl'*màteIrn'moPaSu11 felf .. left nlonelilce in the world. ' 1 .?..>?.-".covered the poor-hid'over with leaves , ?: and branches os soon as I-could pull my :sclf'logethcr, nud then trudged buck to \- . the and told tln'skipper,- saying it was a ??> -case bf jealousy, for I had no mind to men tion the hulk. . . : ' Tho skipper was in a fine way ; but ho 5.j- sctitloft a party of men with me anda hammock, and wcbroiight poor Billon' ..r.>: i hoard, where he had the regular" sailor's .« > burial from u bout rowed out into tlw bay. . Tli'oL next day lhere wns n fine trouble ïïir- 'i on; for the skipper threatened to burn thc .' .* village if tho mau who killed Bill was not ;í¡; - hung,1 and this roused tho Indinns,-who ft cnnie do'ivn tb tight, mid ? tho 'ship had to. :Ä '. be' unmoored, und wc set sail in haste, with si-.-, not quito a full canjo, though- enough to* v give plolity of-profit to-tho owners. .'.: ?« : . That was in 42,"mid -I've never been near tho. pince sin ,'c'i forlt's always seemed .-">: -to''ma* as 'the1 : Spanish -Dons- kept watch ïï^- -:-..; still èverthegold ; nnd though, as shadows ip,..-^ they, couldn't of themselves *lo »ny harm ¿.?.'i..'-;to*a''living, sottlj'yct they could work on va: w-tho feelings of others, and that's how my -*-¿SJ ptfor mate caine to his end. ' «- . M1- i Of course I should- have liked to hnvo .j.'- the fortune lying by tho seashore, but life's I ;» bettor than gold, and it has ulwuys seemed i ¡¡Kr '.r'to'ino that* death' was to bo the slniro-of | Jilin*'.who-went and moddlcd with the ] '<\- Haunted Hulk. ' ? WMMMHMNWMMM '-''i . ' ''' 