ENGLAND AND AFGHANISTAN. On a recent occasion we referred to the unsatisfactory nature of the relations existing between the Government of India ? and the Ameer of Afghanistan. A quarrel between that ruler and Eng land is of more importance than might at first sight be imagined. Although such a contingency need not be regarded as involving the safety of the British Empire in India, there can be no doubt that any breach with the Ameer would be a matter for the deepest regret. Not only would the hostility of Afghanistan be a per petual source of trouble to the Indian Government by keeping up a constant agi tation among the frontier tribes with which it would be difficult to contend, but it must be remembered that the recent Bussian advances in the East have made the Mus covites the immediate neighbours of the Ameer. Nothing is more likely therefore than that the latter, if he breaks off his relations with Calcutta, will make friends with St. Petersburg, and thus arouse con stant if baseless suspicions in the minds of English statesmen with respect to the designs of Russia^ — suspicions which may eventuate in Berious political embroglioi It is therefore no wonder that the stories freely circulated in India and in England with respect to misunderstandings witk Cabul, the capital of Afghanistan, should have given rise to much dis quietude and have formed the subject of debate in the British Parliament. The question was brought forward by the Duke of Argyll, to whom almost as a . matter of right from his position in the late Ministry it belonged. The speech of the Liberal Secretary of State for India was characterized by more moderation than is usual' with hiin, but it was not on that account the less effective. He at the outset deprecated any wish to embarrass the Government policy ; all he desired was information as to the truth or false hood of the various rumours afloat with respect to a misunderstanding between the Governments of Calcutta and Cabul. He confessed he could hardly believe that after the experience of the past the English Government could really con template any breach with the Ameer, but h& desired a distinct assurance from the Government that no' such occurrence was to be, apprehended. In this; consideririg the gravity of the situation, he was undoubtedly justified. - The special points .upon which the Duke sought information, jfere the. result of the.Conference recently, held at Peshawur, at which it wasasserte'du that offence had been given to the Arae|r through the endeavour to force the pre sence of an English resident at tl|e Ameer's Court, troops being even as sembled to coerce him into acquiescence.' The reply of the Marquis of Salisbury, although to a certain e^ent reassuring, was in one, respect unfortunately vague. It is certainly satisfactory to learn that many of rthe ..disquietuig rumours ate utterly without foundation — that although there has been a Conference at Peshawur, the matters there _ discussed, have hid little connection ~witlr the - political rela tions- between England and the Ameer,7 and that the Conference had actually been assembled at the request -)f the latter bo allow of a formal ; communication of,; hi* - views on certain questions which could not well be dealt with in ' the ordinal . diplomatic manner, as there was na Re?i dent at his Court. Those questionsj.how ever, were personal rather than political, andtheMarquisof Salisbury on that ground declined to produce the papers connected with the Conference. As respects the asser tion of the intention of the Government to force a Resident at Cabul on the Ameer nolens vqlens in the person of Sir Lewis Pelly, the Secretary of State for India gave it an unqualified demal Not only so, but he Btated. that. no such idea had ever been entertained, and although he admitted that there' had been an unusual massing of troops on the Indus he assured the House that there hadjbeen no thought . of making a military ' demonstration against the Ameer. Yet more important were his assurances that no change in the frontier policy on the North-west of India was intended, and that the relationabetween England and the ruler of Afghanistan had never been more friendly than at present. The one weak point in Lord Salisbury's speech was the mere passing allusion he made to the Khelat expedition. This was 3lurred over by a statement that papen on the subject would be laid on the table. It is to be hoped that these may put the matter p a more favourable light ; but at present, judging from the remarks made in the Indian Press and the severe criti cisms of Lord Lawrence, than whom no man is better acquainted with Indian frontier politics, a grievous mistake has been committed. Lord Lawrence pointed out in the course of the debate that notwithstanding the assurances of the Secretary of State for India there could be very little doubt that the Ameer had been much excited by the recent military expedition to Khelat. That town, situated in the Khanate of the same name, lies in the direct line of communication between our possessions in Scinde and the Bholan Pass— one of the keys of Affghanistan. Hence, as Lord Law rence well said, it was no wonder that so jealous a potentate should regard this oc cupation as a menace. It is difficult to see what other purpose it was designed to effect, and it is impossible to reject the idea that at one time it was really so intended. Not only, however, is this ill . advised expedition politically objection able, but from one point of view it was ac tually unjustifiable. We had no quarrel with the Khan of Khelat ; there was no pretence of such a thing ; on the contrary, we had recently renewed a treaty with him, and yet a force i3 sent into a naturally poor country still further to exhaust its limited resources. This was a step we practically had no right to take. We had withdrawn our subsidy from the Khan, and for four years broken off diplomatic relations with him. It may be that the presence of our troops is simply intended to protect the Khan against the mountaineers, but rumours are rife at Khelat that the annexation of the territory is intended, or at any rate a permanent occupation of the Bholan Pass. It is no wonder, there fore, that our troops have met with a rather unfriendly reception, and that the Ameer looks with anything but pleasure on this assumption of British authority. , As is well pointed out in an article on the subject in the Friend of Iixdia, that the expe dition merely considered as a mili tary movement is a mistake. Not only- is the distance from the Indian frontier, whence alone reinforcements could reach the troops in this isolated position, very considerable, but the diffi culties of the route are of the mo3t for midable character, so that, long before relief could come, if the people of the Khanate chose to take the offensive the British troops would run a grave risk of utter annihilation. The truth of the case would seem to be that this force has for very little purpose been placed in a I osition of the utmost peril, and the sooner the mistake is retrieved the better. The Indian Government have blundered, and the error must be repaired. The friend ship of the Ameer of Cabul may at the present moment not seem a matter of great importance ; but should a Russian Embassy be established at Cabul, and free permission be given to the Muscovite troops to pass through Affghanistan in the direction of Khelat, Lord Lytton may regret that he did not foresee the possible results of his policy. It is to be hoped, however, that at the reassembling of the Peshawur Conference, which Lord Salis bury intimated would shortly take place, steps will be taken to satisfy the Ameer of the sincerity of England, and that there is no desire to break off the alliancp that has so long subsisted with the ruler of Affghanistan. ?- The Case of Mb, Minns. — In a letter published elsewhere Sir. J. C. Minns makes a final appeal to public opinion against the treatment he has received at the hands of 'the President and Council of Education. For three months he has been allowed to lie under the stigma of a .criminal charge which was publicly brought against him before the case had been .properly investigated, and which is at last abandoned on the ground that there is not Tihe slightest chance^ of substantiating it before*a Jury. He is mistaken, however, jfQ?1afmjng for himself the sole credit of 'pressing the matter to a conclusion, for so fl far back as July 10 Mr. Parsons ^pointed out at the Council of Education 'that in justice to Mr. Minns the matter ought to be promptly settled, and moved a motion accordingly. It then transpired that the delay had been due to a lack of sufficient evidence' ? tor sustain the diarge, and we can only presume that during the subsequent six weeks the department was still vainly endeavouring; 'to; find some thing that would: satisfy the judicial mind of the Crown Solicitor. Thus the matter dragged on' 'until the Council meeting of August 20, when the charge was at last definitely abandoned, but without the slightest, expression of regret on .the parjb of the President or tbje Council for- the injustice they had done to Mr. Minns in parading, him before the public for three months as a criminal, and that too- at a time when, in consequence of - his summary dismissal ? from . their service, he was labour »ing in the .uphill task of .establishing him3el£ in a- fresh business. It occurred to us that the papers laid before Parlia ment a short, time ago on the motion of Mr. Rees-irwhich were to embody amor^g other things all reports and minuter bearing upon Mr. Minns's connection with 'the Council — would throw some light upon this subject. If this return is to be trusted, however, it follows that the Council must have sanctioned the publi cation of a criminal charge agairist Mr, Minns without having any written report before them of the facts upon which the charge was based. If there was any such report it is improperly sub Eressed in the return, as indeed is the rief minute reported in the Register pt May 22 in reference to this matter. Of course the Council as a body are not responsible for the way in which the return to the order of Parliament hW been prepared, as that is purely an executive duty ; . but now ..that the. event has proved that they were over hasty ,in . making -the charge public they owe it to themselves no less 'than jfco Mr* Minns— to say nothing of the express orders x-i Parliament — to make public the official statement of facts.uppji.which thpy . topk upon themselves- to impeach the honesty of a man with whom theyifirerO then at variance. The papers laid before Parliament bear abundant evidence of tho slovenly and imperfect way in which tho Council's proceedings have heretofore been minuted ; but it ia inconceivable that in so grave a case as this there should be no record either of the exact nature of the charge preferred or even of tho pcraon 'who is responsible for making it. The War in Europe. —The telegrams winch we publish this morning afford another example of the extremely un trustworthy character of the news comin« from the seat of war. We were cissured that Suleiman Pasha had crossed tho Balkans in pursuit of the Russians about the 12th instant. Two or three days afterwards we were informed that the ivuosians had evacuated the Balkans, lhen it was announced that Suleiman Fasfca and his forces had reached Helene, a town considerably to the northward of the range. Doubt was thrown on this intelligence by an an nouncement in a telegram which reached _ us on the 21st instant that the Russians still held the Shipka Pass in great force, and another we published yesterday stating that Suleiman Pasha had either not crossed the Balkans at all or that he had again passed through their defiles southward from Helene. Tha wording of the messago was obscure, and it was difficult to say which was meant* From the Russian official accounts wa publish to-day it would appear that tho ubiquitous Pasha was on August 21 still to the southward of the mountains, and is endeavouring to drive the Muscovites from the Shipka Pass. This verifies tha intelligence that the latter have not really evacuated the Balkans. The result of tho engagement on the first day was unfavour able to the Turks. They renewed the attack on the 21st instant, and fought until nightfall, but with what issue is not stated. The only way of reconciling these contradictory accounts is by as suming that while the main body of tho Russians under General Gourki, who waa operating south of the Balkans, have left the mountains and retreated upon Tir nova and Bulgaren, a strong force has been left behind in tho Shipka Pass to keep a hold upon that important position. As to Suleiman Pasha's movements tho solu tion is somewhat more difficult. Whether he is personally in command north or south of the Balkans it is impossible to say, but if the news of to-day be correct the main body of Ms forces cannot yet: have crossed the mountains. The troops that were stated to have reached Helena may very well be only a portion of his army, probably the cavalry that had pro ceeded northward through some of 'the other passes in the range which the re treating Russians had left unoccupied. It is only upon some such hypothesis as thi3 that it is possible to reconcile these conflicting accounts. Besides the lighting at the Shipka Pass a battle ha3 taken place between Lovatz and Selvi. The Turks advanced eimultaneously from both places against the Russians, who occupy a strong position midway. The result of the attack is as yet unknown. There has been an affray between Oilman Pasha and the Musco* vites near Plevna. The latter had made a reconnaissance from the positions at Bina, near Bulgaren, and this the Turks succeeded in repulsing. We learn that the Russians like the Ottomans are preparing for a winter campaign, so that there will be no intermission in the conflict. For the next few months the course of events will be as much regulated by the relative capacity of the combatants for physical endurance as by their relative prowess in the field. In this respect they may be said to Btand pretty much on an equal footing. The severities of a Bulga rian winter will have few terrors for the invaders accustomed to the regions of « northern climate, but the advantage they .have in this respect ib pretty well balanced by their greater susceptibility to the diseases engendered in Bulgarian marshes. What with miasmatic influences and what with the ravages of the sword thia winter will, unless the contest is brought Bpeedily to a close, witness a terrible mor tality among the troops on both sides. Football. — The Association matches to be played to-day are Victorian v. Woodville at MonteSore Hill, and South Adelaide v. South Park at South Park. Besides these colour matches will be played by the Adelaide and Port Adelaide Clubs on their own grounds. The Hounds.— The hounds will throw off From the Old Adelaide Racecourse at half-past 2 o'clock this afternoon. Thb Minister of Eoucatioh at Nuiuootpa. ? — The Minister of Agriculture and Education formally declared the Nuriootpa Institute opened to the public on Friday, August 24, in the presence of a large auditory. The Minister of Education and the members for the district, Messrs. Basedow, M.P., and J. Dunn, M.P., were entertained at luncheon by the Insti tute Committee, and Mr. Ward, in responding to the toast of the Ministry and Parliament, took occasion to censure in very strong terms alleged misrepresentations of the Government and himself individually by the Register., Unitarian Chukch. — We notice that in con sequence of the continued indisposition of the Eev. J. C. 'Woods the usual services v/ill not be held in the Unitarian Church to-morrow. Poultry Show. — The South Australian Poultry Society held a very Buccescf ul Show ia the Exhibition Building on Friday, August 24, and in all sections the exhibits were both varied aad numerous. The exhibition will be re opened to-day, and a dog show, for which there are over 46 entries, will be added. A brass .band is to play during the day and evening. The Sikonshn Opeha Company. — Owing pro bably to the numerous entertainmento which have been presented to the Adelaide public o£ late, White's Room has not during the last week been so well filled as th© management could have desired nor as they deserved, and although an unusually good programme was announced ?for Friday evening the attendants tts3 no ezcep 1 tion, it being very scanty. During the first part of the performance M. Simonsen played ' Annie Laurie' with variations on the violin in his really masterly manner, and^ being encored be ? gave ' Auid Robin Grey,' finishing with ' Foe he's a jolly good fellow,' all of which pieces -were received with welUdeaerved applause.. Next followed a recitation, which, not being of a very elevating nature, brought dowa the louse. The first part of the programme having been concluded, Flotow's charming opera of ' Martha' was played for the second tims this season. Madame Simonsen gave an excellent rendering of the part of Martha, her voica being ia capital order, and Mr. Florence, as Lionel, sang well, . his upper notes being especially good. Nicolai's . ' Merry Wives of Winduor' in announced for. this evening, and it should draw a good hoase. 'Theatre Rotal.— The performance at the Eoyal on Friday night was marked by an un usually liberal programme, and the proceeds - being for the benefit of Mr. Dampier's clever children, Lily and Rose, ' Helen's Babies' was 'repeated, as also was the first act of 'All' for Gold;' and both pieces were admirably pro duced. The children were seen in their best, and the plaudits accorded them were in the highest degree flattering. The afterpiece was ' Family Jars,' which metaphorically ' brought down the house.' To-night ' Helen's Babies' will be repeated, followed by 'The Headless Horseman.' Theatrical.— The ~J#« states that Mr. G. B. W. Lewis, the lessee of the Academy of Music, has succeeded in engaging Mr.Wm. Cre3wick to appear for a season in his theatre. Mr. Creewick is an actor with a European reputation, and for many years haa been a prominent member of ?his profession in London, hia Hue being tragedy and the higher drama. Miss Helen Ashton a lady recently from England, has also been, -engaged, and will appear at the same time a* \- Mr. Creswick. . . ? ? ? ???iU% »?? Thb Gheat Pyramid.' — An intensely interesting lecture on this subject was delivered in the Flinders-street Baptist Church, oh Friday evening, August 24, by the Kev. W. R. Fletcher. There was a fairly good audience. The chair was occupied by Mr. 6. S. Fowler. The Rev. S. Mead and the Rev. J. Lyall also occupied seats on the- platform. During the evening several musical selections were rendered in a pleasing manner by the choir, under the direction of Mr. Charlton. The lecturer conducted his hearers in imagination from Cairo to the pyramids, which he said were situated about 30 miles from there, on the Libyan Desert — an ocean o£ sand which rose and fell in sandstorms like a great sea in watery waves. This sand half buried some of the pyramids and the famous Egyptian Sphinx— a couchant lion with a human head — the largest that had ever been carved by human chisel. The neck and head only were now visible, but they rose to a height of 35 feet above the sand, and looked a giant ghost in that desert cemetery. The number of the pyramids waa variously estimated, but he put it down at 39. In an amusing manner Mr. Fletcher then described the ascent of the great pyramid up its 206 steps, till a height of -il 0 feet was reached. Originally it had been about 30 feet higher. It was the oldest and the grandest of all the pyramids, there having been a marked degeneration instead of improvement in pyramid-building after its erection, 2,170 years before Christ. The stones used in its construction were granite and local limestone, but externally it had been coated with polished marble — not veneered, as was the fashion in the present day, but covered with solid blocks of white marble, each containing about 1,200 -Jid feet of the costly stone, which had to be onveyed from the other side of the Nile. Th's marble had all been removed in comparatively modern ages through the cupidity of the Caliphs of Cairo. To give an idea of the size of the great pyramid the lecturer said its four sides gave an area of no less than 22 acres, and that it would require 540 blocks the size of the Flinders-street Baptist Church to make up that pyramid. He then in a graphic manner described the mysterious chambers and passages in the interior, more particularly referring to the first discovery of all the passages except the one downward to |the tomb in the centre of the pyramid, which was known to the Bomans and Greeks under Caliph Mahmoud about the year 1000 a.d. The great pyramid was different from all others, as it bore no inscriptions, pictures, or hieroglyphics, while abounding on all hands were evidences of idolatry. Its builder waa supposed to have been Cheops, but who he was had not been solved. It was originally supposed to have been a tomb and a treasury, but every room was empty, and even 'the King's Chamber' con tained but an empty coffer. It was built with mathematical precision in the very centre of the world, though in the midst of a desert. Every line in it and dimension was a measure of cubits — the old Scriptural cubit of 25 inches. In it were distinctly pointed out — by lines drawn from a given point — the date of its own erection (represented by 2,170 inches), and leadiag up to the grand gallery, which was accepted by many people as typical of the Christian era. It also revealed the early knowledge of astrono mical facia generally supposed to have ^been discovered in modern times. Its construction appeared to be as symbolical as that of the Tabernacle and Solomon's Temple, and it might have been planned by its unknown architect under, .the express direction of God. Mr. Fletcher, at the conclusion of his interesting lecture, said he had not much faith in the spiritual theories and prophesies which were said to be taught in the great [pyramid, though its bearing on the astronomical science and its mathematical accuracy were indisputable. Thb Model School.— The proceeds of the three concerts lately given in connection with the Model School amounted to £226 Os. lOd. Of this sum £89 10s. has been spent in the pur chase of drums and a fine walnut wood Li Dp grand piano for the use of the school, and £80 is to be divided equally between the two charities — the Asylum for the Blind, Deaf, and Dumb and the Children's Hospital— the re mainder, £56 10s. 10d., having been absorbed in expenses incurred in carrying out the concerts. Adelaide Hospital. — The following is the return of this institution for the past fortnight : — Patients admitted, 57 ; discharged, 53 ; died, 2. Now in Hospital, 178; out- patients prescribed ; for, 746. Weather on Southern Yorxe's Pbnin3cla. —Our Stansbury correspondent writes : — ' Since 'Wednesday we have had some splendid showers of rain, with every appearance of more. This has quite altered the appearance of our prospects, for while before they were indifferent they are now first-class.' Olive Cuztcbe. — We have received from Professor Kead a pamphlet on olive culture,' being a series of articles on the subject re-, printed from the S. A. Advertiser. Ordination Sehvice. — At Sfc. Peter's Cathe dral on Friday morning, August 24, Messrs. E. O. Spicer, B.A., and F. T. Whitingtoa were admitted to the order of Deacons by the Lord Bishop of Adelaide, assisted by Dean Russell, Archdeacon Maryat, and the Kev. Dr. Dendy. After the customary service and examination and the laying on of hands the communion of the Lord's Supper was administered by the Bishop to the Priests present, to the newly ordained Deacons, and to a number of commu nicants. The Very Eev. the Dean delivered an impressive exhortation to the two young Deacons. Chamber of Manufactures. — The annual meeting of this Chamber was held on Friday, August 24. The President, Mr. S.Davenport, congratulated the members upon the progress the Chamber had made ; and the report of the Standing Committee was received and adopted. The desirability of the Government obtaining returns from manufacturers was brought for ward, and the question was ultimately relegated to the Committee. Several minor matters were dealt with, which are referred to in ? the full report. Kensington' Cricket Club. — The annual eeeting of the Kensington Cricket Club was ield at the Prince Alfred Hotel on Friday evening, August 24. There was a fair attendance of members, and Mr. A. Jepson presided. Tbie Treasurer'a report, which was read and adopted showed that the Club had a small credit balance. . After several new members had been elected. : the following officers were appointed for the ensuing year : — Patron, Hon. L. Glyde ; Presi dent, Mr. W. H. Bundey; Yice-Presideuts. Messrs. E. T. Smith, E. M. Ashwin, and the Hon. J. Fisher; Captain, Mr. C. H. Gibbs ; Practice-Captain, Mr. S. Kigaud; Secretary, Mr T. Pope ; Treasurer, Mr. G. A. Hawkes ; Com mitteemen, Messrs. S. Rigaud, Tassie, and Hughes ; and Messrs. Crooks and. Jepson were chosen to act as Association Delegates. Thh Crops in the North.— A correspondent has favoured the Northern Argus with the following notes on the crops: — 'Having just. returned from a trip northward I am able to speak most encouragingly of the state of the [wheat crops, with the exception of the late sown, which must suffer greatly or altogether -perish unless rain soon falls. After leaving the Broughton, on the road to Crystal Brook, some of the crops esceed anything I ever saw, being strong and healthy-looking, and fully three, feet high. At Government Dam, near Napperby, the crops on many farms look splendid, although-no rain has fallen for two months.' Since this was written rain has fallen. From Mount Bryan East the Teport reaches us that the crops 'are looking splendid considering the dry weather. The rain of the past day or two has proved a .great boon to the late-sown crops. Tidal Wave at Belfast. — At about 11 o'clock in the forenoon yesterday (states the Belfast correspondent of the Hamilton Spectator writing on the 17th August) a tidal wave came up the river, and the water rose three feet. This was succeeded by two distinct waves. At the time there was a strong current in the western passage, caused by the late gales — a heavy sea rolling outside. The river and sea walls were not damaged. ? Tasmania^ Shesp. — The Melbourne Age states that the Ballarat Agricultural and Pastoral Society recently forwarded a letter to the Chief Secretary requesting that steps might be taken to prevent the importation of sheep from Tas mania, as a disease known as ' black rot' pre vailed amongst the sheep' of that colony. The letter waa referred to the Chief Inspector cE Stock, who reported that as . far as he knew iiere was no danger to be at ' present appre headed from the importation cf sheep from Tasmania. ' '.., .. Bed 'UcsT.T^We are sorry to hear of the ap pearance of this pest in the wheat crop. Mr. O. EaglesgjCf Kangaroo Flat, informs us that early in the week he noticed it in some advanced j»Ji€»t on his farm. ? . '. Visits op Inspection by the Marinb Board. — The Marine Board, accompanied by Mr. P. 'Wells, contractor, started in the Governor Musgfave for Tipara Lighthouse on Sunday morning, August 19. Leaving Glenelg at I o'clock in the afternoon, the steamer arrived at Tipara at 8 o'clock on the next morning, and on the evening of Monday the new lighthouse was illuminated for the first time. The steamer then went out seaward, and from the deck of the vessel the light was just visible at a distance of about 23 miles. It must, however, be noted thai the day had been both hot and calm, there being consequently a great deal of refraction in the atmosphere, and by this means the vision was materially aided. Ordinarily the light will be observable for 18 miles or rather more — a distance which corre sponds with the Board's calculation. The steamer returned to the lighthouse, when some slight improvements were effected under the direction of Messrs. Hickson, C.E., and 'Wright. The keepers having been transferred and stores and water supplied them, the Board left Tipara on Tuesday midnight forMoontaBay, where the lightship which had served at Tipara till the erection of the present lighthouse was taken in tow. It may not be uninteresting to mention that this lightship wa3 built in Port Adelaide 30 years ago expressly for the service. She was first stationed outside the bar as a guide to the entrance of the Port Creek until the Port Adelaide lighthouse was built some eight years since. She was then refitted and sent round to Tipara to relieve the lightship Alexander. As to the future employment of4the vessel, it has been suggested that she would be very suitable to mark the channels leading to Port Angusta and Port Pirie. The Board after leaving Moonta proceeded to Port Victoria m order to place a buoy on a reef that had been reported by the schooner Eclipse as being covered by only four feet of water. It was somewhat strange that just as the Governor Musgrave was about anchoring at this port she touched the reef, slewing round with the flood tide on it, but steamed off after being on the shoal for only a few seconds. It was then blowing too hard to ascertain the shallowest part of the reef. The party proceeded to Eickaby, and after an examination the Board con sidered it to he equal if not superior to any of the other ports at which jetties had been or were intended to be erected. Ib was in the midst of a wheat-growing locality and in every way suitable for the construction of a jetty, there being a good depth of water within an easy distance from the shore. The steamer then returned to Port Victoria and anchored therefor the night. In the morning the shoaly part of the reef was found to be nearly due east of the port, and so far as could be ascertained it was from 400 to 500 feet long, and very narrow. A buoy was placed upon the reef, which appeared to be composed of rock. The Governor Mus grave then started for Port Adelaide, but after passing Daly Head the wiiad blew heavily from the westward; so much so that when the steamer was about two miles west-south-west from the large Althorpe Island the tow-rope of the lightship broke away. A yery heavy sea was running at the time, and some considerable difficulty was felt in again placing the rope on board. A fresh start was then made, but when in the middle of the Straits the tow-rope again parted, but it was picked up during a fierce squall, accompanied by heavy rain. Port Ade laide was safely reached on Friday afternoon, August 24. # 'Woodville Institute.— A meeting of the subscribers to this Institute was held at the Halfway House, Woodville, on Friday, evening, August 24, for the purpose of taking into con sideration whether the .whole or only a part of the Institute should be erected at once. Mr. D. Bower, MJ?., presided, and there were about 20 persons present. The plans and specifications of the proposed buildings were exhibited, and a desultory diseussion ensued, after which it was unanimously decided to proceed with the erec tion of the whole of the Institute forthwith. The Secretary (Mr. G-. A. Connor) reported that the Building Committee had accepted the tender of Mr. Honey, of Port Adelaide, the amount of which was £932. Ebdhill Post-Office and Telegraph Sta tion. — A large number of the residents in and near Bedhiil met in the township on Friday, August 17, to witness the laying of the corner stone of the new Post-Office and Telegraph Sta tion by Miss Alice Reynolds. After the cere mony had been performed a dinner was held at 'Winch's Hotel, to which a large number of per sons sat down, and at which Mr. T. Henwood presided. A number of toasts were proposed and responded to, and the company broke up after spending a most enjoyable day. The Ploughing Match and Show at Ka punda.— Among the various agricultural im plements exhibited at the recent Show in connection with the Kapunda and Light Agri cultural Society was an improved seed sowing machine sent by Mr. H. B. Hawke. This machine, which was in motion on the ground throughout the day, attracted considerable atten tion, the farmers expressing themselves in high terms of the advantages it possesses. The improve ment consists of a flat link chain in lugs or spiked pulleys, instead of the- leather belt hitherto used. On the ground there were also a chaffcutter and engine, and a patent mower, exhibited by Messrs. Pearce, Wincey, & Co., which likewise created a deal of interest. : The Neptune Islands. — It is intended to put the Ceres on for another excursion trip to the Neptune Islanda next week. A notification will be issued should the required number of excursionists not be made up. Peninsula Peospects. — A gentleman who has made a tolerably -extensive trip through the district (says- the I*. P. Advertiser) speaks most encouragingly of the .state ef the crops. He says he has never- previously seen any indica tions so favourable on the Peninsula as those now exhibited. - ? - - ? Meeting at Lucindalr— A thoroughly repre sentative meeting was held at this township on Tuesday evening, August .16, to consider what steps should be taken with reference to getting a public school built. Mr.T. A. McCulloch pre sided and read replies from the Council cf Education concerning the matter. Mr. T.B.'BuIl said he had been . the ' means of getting the memorial prepared in the first place, and he Lad left it in the hands of a resident to get signa tures. The resident had, however, asted incon sistently by sending it away witliout his knowledge, and without his {Mr. Bull's) signa ture, and also of others who wished to sign it. After fully discussing the question of the establishment of a public school the following resolutions were carried: — 'That as a school was one of the essentials of life, and all the land was bought up that had been offered, the Go vernment or the Council of Education had a right to build a school at Lucindale ;' ' That the \- school be erected on Allotments 36 and 61, they being the moat suitable ;' ' That Mr. T. A. McCulloch be requested to write to the Council of Education stating particulars.' Before the meeting closed a motion was carried ' That a public meeting be called for the purpose of memorializing the Government to make a branch railway from Baker's Range to Peaola, and that Mr. James Cooke, of Kingston, be invited to attend.' It was thought by those' present that the Government would be quite justified in carrying.out the work, as there was only a few miles of desert country intervening . between Lucindale and Killanoola, and that it was suc ceeded by country that could not be surpassed in the South-Eaat ; and as- this line would act as a feeder to the Kingston and Narracoorte Railway owing to its passing through this mag nificent country, they had no hesitation in believing that the Government would see the feasibility of constructing the line. Burglary at Kapunda. — We regret to leain (says the Kapmda Rei-ald) that on Tues day night the Misses MeCormack's shop in the Main-street was broken into. The proprietors left the shop at about 11 p.m. and did not return till half- past 12. On reaching the shop they saw there was a light within, and heard some one moving inside. They both rushed to the back, and the thief or thieves hearing the noise opened the frontdoor and let themselves out,. and consequently were not scan by the Misses McConnack. It appears entrance had been .gained at the rear of the premises by removing a panel. Fortunately the burglar did not find the cash, but he stole about £24 worth of jewellery— part of the stock-in-trade. A Chapter of Accidents. — Writing on August 20 the Terowie correspondent of the Northern Argus reports:—' I have quite a series of mishaps to chronicle this week. On Satur day, the 11th inst., a man named Llewellyn spained(sic) his ancle (sic), and on Monday a person dislocated his, but the most severe of all hap pened on Thursday last to a boy named Maloney. He got hold of some cartridges which contained lithofracteur, and was tapping one on his hand when it exploded, blowing the top of the middle finger completely off and severely lacerating both his hands. Dr. Carter attended to all these cases with his usual suc cess, and the sufferers are getting on as well as can be expected. Bbowsb Island Gtjaho Cokpaxy, Limited.— An ordinary general meeting of the shareholders of this Company was held on Friday afternoon, - August 24, Mr. W. B. Rounsevell, MJP.,- pre siding. The number of shares represented was 4,780. The report for the half-year ended 1st August, which was submitted, stated that 35 coolies had been engaged to go to the island and remain there for one year, and that several cargoes of guano had been advantageously dis posed of. Also that the Directors had received a telegram, in effect that on the voyage of the Sadie F. Caller to Timor there was discovered ' three good islands, from one of which a sample of guano waa forwarded to your Directors, who analysed and found it to be of similar character to Browse Island guano.' Those islands belonged to the Dutch Government. Mr. Howlett had telegraphed and written that he had secured them on the same terms as Browse Island. The Directors congratulated the Company upon these valuable additions to their property, but before proceeding to purchase a vessel for the. purpose of exploring the islands considered it better to take the opinion of the meeting in reference to these new disco veries. Through the courtesy of P. Levi & Co. the Directors had received the following memo randum: — 'Part cargo Lacepede Island guano sold Glasgow £6 10s.' This intelligence they considered very satisfactory, as Browse Island guano was of equal if not superior quality to the Lacepede Island. A member of the Board, Mr. W. K. Simms, on a recent visit to Europe made numerous enquiries respecting the disposal in large quantities of guano of a similar character and quality to the sample of the Browse Island guano sent by the mail to England, and in every instance found that the demand was unlimited, one merchant offering to take 100,000 tons at a fairly remunerative price. The Directors hoped at the next annual meeting to report sales' of cargo both at Mauritius and continental ports at satisfactory prices and that they had established a regular and extensive export of guano from their island to the various European markets. The report and balance-sheet were unanimously adopted. Mr. Simms stated he had had an interview with a Hamburg merchant named Gleeshman, who was ready to receive a million tons of their guano. Several shareholders bore testimony to the excellent quality of the earth, having themselves used it and proved its virtue. After some discussion, Mr. J. Cornick moved that a vessel be chartered instead of purchased to bring the guano to Port Adelaide, but that motion was rejected in favour of an amendment made by Mr. W. K. Simms that a vessel be purchased to be employed as a tender to Browse Island. On the motion of Mr. Moseley it was likewise agreed that the cost of the tender should not exceed £700. Some minor matters having been disposed of, the meeting closed with the usual vote of thanks to the Chairman. Protection of the City from Fibs. — We give below the material parts of a petition upon this subject which is being signed by ratepayers of the city for presentation to the Mayor and Corporation of Adelaide. The memorial shows : — ' 1st. That the City of Adelaide is now ? becoming closely built upon and is rapidly assuming large dimensions. 2nd. That the risk of fire spreading, as it has done in othercities, is daily increasing with the increase in the number of buildings and their contiguity to one another. 3rd. That your memorialists view with alarm the possibility of a serious confla gration in the City of Adelaide, feeling that the present appliances for extinguishing fires would be quite inadequate to cope with any wide spread conflagration. 4th. That in the opinion of your memorialists the immunity the City of Adelaide has hitherto enjoyed from extensive fires has arisen only from the isolated positions of the buildings, but as this ceases to be so we should be prepared to meet large conflagrations such as have desolated other cities. 5th. That the fire brigades now existing being the property of the Fire Insurance Companies, and conse quently only intended for the immediate pro tection of insured property, may at any time be disbanded — a course frequently proposed in consequence of the expense — in which case the city would be left entirely unprotected. 6th. That the chief cities of Europe have most efficient brigades for the saving of life and pro tection of property from fire, supported in some cases entirely by the city funds and in others partially so.' The prayer is as follows : — ' Your memorialists therefore humbly pray that the establishment of similar brigades in Adelaide may no longer be delayed, and respectfully request that your worshipful body will take such steps as you may in your wisdom think best to provide at an early date efficient brigades for saving life and protecting property from destruction by fire in the City of Adelaide, for which full powers are given in clause No. 136 of Municipal Corporations Act No. 16 of 1861 ; and your memorialists would respectfully sug gest that this could most economically be done by joining the Insurance Companies, and thus enabling them to perfect and enlarge their organization.' Railway Station at Goodwood.— The Di rectors of che Adelaide, Glenelg, and Suburban Bailway Company visited this rising suburb on Triday, August 24, for the purpose of fixing the site of the future station. They left town by the 2.15 train, and were met at Goodwood by Coun cillor Holland, Mr. W. A. Cawthorne, and the Directors of the National Building Society, and Councillor Shierlaw, of the Unley Corporation. After inspecting the sites proposed and an allotment which was offered to the Company gratis, they fixed the site of the station near the corner of Musgrave-street, on the east side of the line, and within a train's length north ward of the present galvanized-iron shed. This is close to the 1| milepost from town. The Directors, in view of the large population which is likely to be settled at Goodwood, have decided to make the fares low. The return tickets between' Goodwood and Adelaide will be 4d. each, and the returns between the former place and the Bay 9d. The necessary station buildings will, we believe, be begun shortly, aud three trains each way per day will stop at the new township, beginning on September 1st. These trains will leave Adelaide at 6.30 a.m., 1.15 p.m., and 5.15 p.m. on week days, and at 9.45 a.m., 1.15 p.m., and 5.30 p.m. on Sundays. As showing the ready means of transit between Goodwood and the centre of the city, it may be mentioned that the train conveying the Direc tors back to town on Friday afternoon only occupied six minutes between Goodwood and the King William-street terminus, inclusive of the time occupied by the stoppage at South-terrace. Teial of the American Gbubbcno-Machinb. — What is generally considered as a successful trial of the American grubbing-machine lately imported from Philadelphia by Mr. S. Daven port took place at Kangaroo Flat, near Gawler, on Friday, August 24, in the presence of about a hundred spectators. Poet Vincent.— The YorJce's Peninsula Ad vertiser states that at Port Vincent, which will be the outlet for a good deal of produce from the Mount Rat and Curramulka country, a private Company has put up a jetty, and an application has been made for a grant for cutting through the sandhill so as to make a road to the jettj. [From yesterday's Evening Journal.] Count ds Zasa.— Morphett Vale was visited by Count de Zaba on Wednesday, the 22nd instant. Notwithstanding the' inclemency of the weather, a large and representative assembly nearly filled the spacious room of the John Knox School. The Bev. George Benny presided, and in Introducing the Count expressed the gratifi cation he had in seeing his old master there that evening who had taught him his system nearly 30 years ago in the City of Edinburgh. The Count, on rising, expressed pleasure in meeting one of his old pupils, . and in unfolding to the assembly before him his method of study ing universal history and literature. The lecture was demonstrated to the admiration of the assembly by two boys from the Model School, Adelaide, who had been a short time under the Count's tuition. At the close of the lecture Count de Zaba intimated his willingness to remain two days for the further instruction in his system. Several availed themselves of this offer, and formed themselves into * class. Mr. Charles Myles, J.P., moved, and the Kev. John Sinclair seconded, a vote of thanks to the Count, which was carried by acclamation, and a pleasant .evening was brought to a close by the singing of the National Anthem. The Rain ra Southern YeBXE's Peninsula. —A gentleman who arrived in town on Thurs day from Minlaton informs us that on Wednes day night there was in that neighbourhood a steady downpour of rain for four hours, so much so that 800 gallons of water were caught from off a four-roomed house. @r Perfection.— MRS.S. A. Allen's World's Hjhr Restorer never fails to restore Grey Hair to its youthful colour, imparting to it new life, growth, and lustrous beauty. Its action is speedy and thorough, quickly banishing Greyness. ? Its value' is above all others. A single trial proves it It is cat a dye. It ever proves itself the natural strengthener of the Hair. (The genuine only in Pink Wrappers.) Sold wholesale by FeltoV, Grtmwade, & Co., Mel bourne, and retail of all Chemists and Perfumers throughout the Colonies, 237ws|51 