THE LATE A. J. C. MEETING. By Nemo. I The whole of fhe four days of the recently held Autumn Meeting of the Australian Jockey Club were favoured by the most beautiful weather, the attendance was quite up to ? the average, and the finishes produced by the haindicaps were as close and as grand as Mr. Scarr usually makes them. The field for the Hurdle Race was not so large as we have been accustomed to see of late, and only halfa dozen faced the flag. Beacon fell early in the race, and Baron following his example before half tho trip was com pleted, Goulburn assumed fhe lead and was never after wards headed, although Quicksilver, who was the favourite, made every effort and ran very gamely. The easy way that Goulburn won would have caused him to start a pretty warm favourite for the Steeplechase, had he not fallen in his work a couple of times on Thursday morning and injured him self slightly. The Autumn Stakes was a one-horse show for Pride of the Hills, who rompedhome an easy winner. Just about the grandest field of two-year-olds that ever stripped for one race in Australia went to thepost forthe Champagne Stakes, and the mighty Chester, getting fairly away, ran up on the outside at tiie turn, and won easily from Expec tation, who was followed home by Royalty, Lorton, and Habena. The time was taken as 1.5 1-10, but private watches make it less, and it must have been wonderfully fast, or Habena would have been nearer the front. The victory of the son of Yattendon and Lady Chestermust have been most gratifying to the Hon. E. K. Cox, who has spent a deal of money in importing mares from the old country. His enterprise has been an advantageous venture, for Athohne, by Blair Athol, threw Habena to Yattendon, and the handsome filly won the Maribyrnong Plate, the great two-year-old event of the year ; and Lady Chester threw Chester, by Yattendon ; and that he is the best colt out was proved 'by the fact that he has won all the two year-old races for which he was saddled at the meeting. After the meeting, Chester was sold privately to the Hon. James White for 2000 guineas, ana that gentlemen also secured the great colt's yearling brother at fhe late sale for 1150 guineas, so that during the coming years the stable will carry more guns than most. The St. Leger was run exactly to suit Robinson Crusoe, who was carried away from the jump by Tocal, and succeeded in cutting him doun three-quarters of a mile from home. Adelaide challenged the favourite at the distance, but after leading him twenty lengths from home, the filly shot her bolt, and the constant colt won cleverly at the end by about a length. Many found fault with Tocal, and were not slow to accuse him of being a coward ; . but the fact of the matter was simply that 8 st. 10 lbs. is too much for him to carry over a mile and three- quarters when asked to meet such an undeniably good one as Robinson Crusoe, who is not onlv a weight- carrier and a stayer, but is undoubtedly one of the fastest horses on tho turf, as has been proved by the manner in which he won his two-year-old races, and galloped over Pride of the Hills in the last half- mile of the three miles' race on the last day. Tocal is a good colt at a mile with a reasonable weight in the saddle, but put on a big weight and ask him to go further, and he will always be found wanting. On the night before the race Burwood came like an avalanche into the market for the Doncaster Handicap, and he was so steadily backed that at the last 2 to 1 had to be begged for. Indeed, such a certainty was it regarded that his Wends, fearful that his price for the Sydney Cup would become unreasonably short, took time by the forelock and backed him to such an extent for the big race that before the flag fell for the Doncaster it required a deal of hunting to obtain 6 to 1 about him. With the exception of Speculation, he got best away, but retiring at the foot of the hill was never in it afterwards ; and Speculation, who was at the front for most of the trip, won easily from Laertes, who ran a really good horse, and should be heard of someday, even if pitted against, the best of company. Speculation's win, and the exhibition he subsequently made of those opposed to him for three out of the four handicaps, makes one regret he was not left in the 'Cup,' for it is all nonsense about bis not staying. He staved to the end of two miles once and can do so again, and, in fact, experience has taught me that anything that is well bred and in the semblance of a racehorse can sl-iy if not over- weighted, and if helped by first-class condition. That scratching in a hurry is a nasty habit, and I have an idea that more than one owner has become poorer by it. Waterford proved himself a great colt, and First King a better, by winning the Trial Stakes very easily, and Moira, a daughter of The Barb and M'Callum Mohr's dam, ran second, and sufficiently well to repay watching in the future. ' The Cup ' day brought forth a few surprises, but the first event, the Flying Handicap, was booked to Speculation by the public, and, despite his weight, he bade farewell to his horses a quarter of a mile from home, and won easily from Laertes by a couple of lengths, thus proving that 3 lbs. was not a sufficient allowance for the Doncaster Handicap defeat. Telegraph was a good third ; but A j ax, who had being doing very fast work prior to the meeting, ran most unaccountably, and those who had watched him in the mornings were rather surprised at his not getting nearer tbe fiont. The Maiden Plate waa looked upon ae merely a matter of drawing the cheque for Fernliill, but he was run with plafcs on, and Mr. Dangar's imported nlljL ?who is' by Newcastle, never allowed him to catch her, and ?wrn cnsily by a couplc of lengths. Tho Brooders 1 i^to did not give CbcsUr any trouble, and ho won ^ easily from R- valfy, who reversed the Champagne StaKes derision ' by finishing before hxpecvit'.on, _ yho finished absolutely last. A grand Held of nineteen were saddled for the Sydney Cup, for which the latest auotations in the paddock were in favour of Pride of the Hiils and Calamia at 4 to 1 each. The start, for a wonder, was not a good one, and the prospects of Calamia and Viva were spoiled by their getting very badly away. The race was a grand one all the way, and at the distance-post there were fully eight in it, each and all of which would have been backed could an instantaneous book have been opened ; but the last hundred yards told a tile, and King fisher shooting away won a beautiful race by two lengths from Viva, who ran a great marc under difficulties, and then came 'Spark and Calamia. The winner was not backed for nearly an much as m:mv of the others, and his victory was received with great delight by the fielders. He was very fit, had done a deal of hard work, and it is strange that he was so overlooked by the ' prophets,' as well as by the far-seeing public. For my part, although I plead guilty to not finding out the excellence of Boss's charge , I have reason to be satisfied with my St. Leger and Sydney Cup prediction, for the son of Chrysolite won the first-named event, 'and I have not half a doubt that Viva would have won _ 'the Cup' h id she got away with her horses on anything like terms ; but accidents of the sort are always liable to happen, and it cannot be helped. Kitty won the Selling Stakes, which attracted a large field ; and Waterford, even with his 10 lbs. penalty, had little or no trouble with Lorton, The Fawn tillv. and the others opposed to him for the Waverley Stakes. There was a remarkably poor attendance on Friday, but the racing was equal to that seen on either of the previous days. Pride of the Hills having been withdrawn from the All-Aged Stakes, the two-year-old, Royalty, was most in favour at 2 to 1, the public remembering that Briseis bowled over the gr-eat Kingsborough for the race of the same name last year. Sunlight got the best of the start, but Royalty, after escorting him round the bend, led into the straight, but in turn gave place to Tocal and Adelaide, and the bearer of the ' Zetland spots' won easily by half a length from Adelaide, who just 'did' the fast-tiring colt on the post for second place. Tho owner of Royalty complaind that his colt bore severe spurmarks on his side, occasioned, as he alleges, by one of the riders as they swept round the bend. The rider of Sunlight was the only one in a position to do so, and it is to be hoped that the affair was purely accidental. No less than eighteen started for the Free Handicap, and tho winner turned up in Miss Kingston, who beat Rookwood cleverly by two lengths, and Laertes was a veiy good third. The Sires' Produce Stakes was the best race of the meeting, and the finish be tween three such brilliant animals was worth travelling a long way to see. Chester, catching Waterford at the dis tance, the pair raced locked together up the running, with Cap-a-pieon the outside on Chester's quarters. The nearer they came to the post the more certain it seemed that a dead heat would be recorded; but, although Waterford strained every nerve, and had every ounce taken out of him by Yeo mans, Chester was equal to the demand made upon him, and won a magnificent struggle by the shortest of heads, while Cap-a-pie's head was nearly on a level' with Chester's girths. The Cumberland Stakes was little more than a walk-over for Pride of the Hills, and he won in a canter by ten lengths from Robinson Crusoe, who stumbled at the back of the course and lost some lengths thereby ; but I can not be brought to believe that it altered the result. King fisher was selected as the good thing for the City Handicap, but Speculation once again showed that he should have been allowed to go for the Cup, and won easily from Tocal and the favourite. The events of the last day were particularly interesting, and afforded a series of surprises, not one favourite coming to the relief of backers during the whole day. Tocal had most friends for the Rous Handicap, but the weight found him out, and Femhill coming out in the straight won com fortably by about three lengths from Democrat, who just beat Signora for second place. The Randwick Handicap was a most brilliant affair, and the Spark party giving him strong support, he was the best favour ite at the last-, and Miss Kingston, Viva, Melbourne, and Kingfisher, each had a host of friends. The race is fully described elsewhere, and the unmistakable manner in which Melbourne came through stamps him as a great horse. Indeed, his running and that of his sister Adelaide speaks volumes for the Panic and New Warrior cross, and when Melbourne gives up the racecourse for the stud ho should be sought after. The Australian Jockey Plate was booked as a moral for Pride of the Hills, and, when half a mile from home, it looked like £1000 to a hatful of smoke on his coming home alone ; but his condition failed him at the turn, and Robinson Crusoe passing him as if he were a post won easily by ten lengths. The race occu pied 10 seconds longer than the Champion Race, and so the race has afforded another instance of the glorious uncertainty of the turf. Maggie Moore was heavily backed for the Steeplechase, and after going two miles there was nothing left with a chance but the favourite, Quicksilver, and Cheroot ; and Quicksilver baulking at the palings, Cheroot rattled over it, and won easily from Maggie Moore, who also refused, and was only got over after several attempts. When he returned to the scale a protest was entered against Cheroot upon the ground that Mr. Coyle had dis mounted without being told to do so by the judge. The committee, after investigating the case, dismissed the pro test, and Cheroot was declared the winner amidst the cheers of those who heard the decision. On settling night Mr. Coyle's name was called out by the chairman to receive tho amount of his cheque. So far so good. ButI am informed that when Mr. Coyle applied for the money on Tuesday morning it was refused, upon tho ground that Mr. Sartlett, the owner of Maggie Moore, had given notice of an appeal to a court of law. In tho meantime the cheque remains in the hands of the club, and by retaining it the club virtually acknowledges that its rules are valueless and without power ; for, after having decided that Cheroot had won the race, and was consequently entitled to the money, according to the A. J. C. rules, the cheque is retained until either Mr. Bartlett gives . up the useless struggle, or until a court of law decides that ' the' decision of the stewards is not final,' which will bo tantamount to admitting that the club cannot manage its own affairs, and has to await the verdict of an intelligent jury to set matters right. Had it been proved to the satisfaction of tho stewards that Mr. Coyle had dismounted without the permission of the judge, it was clearly their duty to have disqualified him at once, as shown by the rules ; but, hav ing given a decision in his favour, the cheque, I think, should be handed over without hesitation or delay. Mr. Loder won the Nursery Handicap with Black Eagle; but the colt was at full pressure at tbe finish,, and the race was a grand one all the way. Nine contested the Forced Handicap, and The King, making all his own running, won from end to end, with Sultan and Victor in the places. The meeting was well managed; but it would be an im provement if the white ' streak of rail without the ghost of a gap ' in front of the lawn were broken by agate or two, so as to save the necessity of a long walk to and from the grand stand and the course proper; and the rail round the course should be removed, for there is ni t the slightest doubt that it caused the accident to Hales and Adelaide in (be City Handicap. Our club wouid scc-in to be passionately fond of rails, for we have a rail oi; ihe grrmd str.nd, one broken rail dividing the lawn from tLc running, and a dangerous rail all fhe way round iLo course, and ihe last-named will must certainly bring about a terrible accident some day, and then, perhaps, when two oi' three riders hive lost their lives, it will be removed. The rail is always liable to bring horses down, while mounted poiiccmcn do not often turn up when they are not wanted, as did the unfortunate trooper when he des troyed the chance of Richmond and others for last year's St. Leger. For my part, I have a decided hatred to rails (except in fhe hunting-field), policemen, and other things, animate and inanimate, that bring about trouble. As regards ' the winning sires, Yattendon once again heads the liet, having placed five wins and the largest amount of money to his credit. If Kitty and The King arc Ly Kingston, of which 1 am not certain, Kingston has also five wins to his account ; Talk o' the Hill has two, The Marquis two, Angler two, and Newcastle, Kelpie, Ihc Laib, Panic, and Ytlverton one each. 