LOOK TO YOUR NOSE. [ai'.AI'HIC.] This is a very common expression, bat there is more in it than at first incotu tho oye. Noseology ia a neglected ucienco. Dr. Watts wrote — The mind'i the standard of tho man. Noseologlstfl have a different idea. Their great apostle, Mr. Sloano, thought that tho nojjo is the true needle to point to tho loadstone of heart and mind alike. It is the most pro* minont outcome of tho inner nature. It at taches to itself all the mental superiority of the human cosmogony. ' The , varieties of noses aro legion— tho shades of differonoo aro multifarious, even in noses with a like general outline. These dif« ferenoai Are perceptible, yet in many oases so faintly that one would almost need to go into logarithms to estimate preolsoly. The oontonr of the faoo affeote noses greatly, and a like pattern of a nose on a fair man pro* sent* a dlfferenoe of appearanoo npon a dark; ao4 on Uuc Mid d*rk ftllko tbo veAtbtr, worry, or sickness makes a wonderful altora tion. Into tho niimitvv. of noaos, bowover, thcro io littlo ncod to enter, as most obsorvors can take stock of thorn aftor a description of tho four {j^norio typos. As the study pro. prosB23 tho typos can bo divided nnd nub divided according to thu keenness of tho oh. Bbrvatioa of tho reador. Tho generic order of noso3 io haro put thus : — 1\. Tho Pug. 2\. The Roman. 3\. Tue.Grcci&u.; 4\. TheGrcojan, or Composite Ordor. Tho pug nos.o, pur el simple, it will. readily, bo admitted by nil— except, perhaps, itapoB 8cssor^-is by no moaus an attraotiva feature ' in tho 'face, especially if the upwatd curve starts about a third .'of the distance from whence the organ is eliminated from tho fore head. There are pug nooea, especially in Irishmen, if not too much elevated skyward, which aro not without humor if they happen to be sot pff with twinkling blue or light groy eyes ;. biiS.if .the ' diamonds'; at each oido aro not expressive, the pug nose is.almo3t rioxt to repulsive. As a rule, from a pug noso supplementary, to an opaque face, the writer instinctively recoils,' Tho owner of tho common pug ia eoldom a brilliant indi vidual, bi^t if he happon3 to possess talents it may almost be accepted a3 an axiom that he is overbearing. Not un'requcutly ho is laborious, janxious to learn, but rarely can get further than an inconsequential sneer. The common pug ha3 something liko the ferocity of tho bulldog about it, with tho vacillating nature, of ihe pug in the canine species. Tho owner of the uncommon pug by no means bears so bad. a character. There is Borne thing inore intellectual about him, although it is said by noseologiots that ho is a combi nation between a prize-fighter and a drunken politician, and it would go against the grain to deolaro.thst ' no one with an uncommon pug noso could bo either a sculptor, a poot, or a painter.'. Recent history has told us vary differently. The common Roman noso is held in little repute by, those who are attempting to revive this unhappily neglected Bcience of nose ology. From the bridgo it is rounded off to the tip. If not strongly marked after tho fashion of tho Iato Iron Duko, tho miud is not of the highest order, it barely rises above mediocrity (tho man owner of the noso, it should be understood), and bedizens itself on breast and fingers with gaudy jewels. The uncommon Roman no3o is altogether of a dif ferent calibre. There is a something about it which muat assert itself if culture has been added to ths Droboscis. It is a kind of nose which overcomes all opposition, which haa enabled men to conquer mortal achieve ments — ' to mould the world to their will.' Notably, touaoSloane's words in our century, Napoleon and Wellington wero in the pos session of such nosos. ' Napoleon knew the secrets of noseology, be knew what advan tages there wero in a good Roman nose. Ho selected hia generals, aud put them into places of trust and confidence by tho length and height of their noaes. ThoDuke of Wellington, one of the most illustrious of warriors in times ancient or modern, had a strikingly remark able Roman nose. By this no3e he conquered Napoleon, and in that noso saved Britain from becoming a provinca of France. May sho ever havo such a noso in emergencies,' and eo on. . Tho Grecian noso, straighter than (ho Roman, lacks tho fiery energy. It is more characteristic of amiability aud refinement. It indicates passion, too, but Its real passion meaus not tiie sword or the spear, but the lute of Apollo and tho brush of Apolles. Byron fought ind died for that nose, yofc still the cup of Samian wine need's to bo swallowed under protest. But it is a comfort to think that there are other noses . not . no bad as tho pug, nor so valiant as this Roman, nor quite so refined as the Grecian, but possessing in a mixed degree the be3t qualities of all, guided by a wise discretion. This in noseology is called the Composite nose, and it is the sort that is generally met with iu tho atreota. ' It should run in a direct auglo,' wo are told, from tho forehead, should bo straight, re gular, and of a good eizo. ' Faota provo and circumstances 'confirm that this ordor io Buited for attaining eminence in any of tho arts and sciences, in tbo senate, or tho bar, in commerce or in agriculture.' Tho toper's noao speaks for itself. It ia not by any means coinaly, but there ia a cer tain amount of jollity about it which even Sir Wilfrid Laweon could aoarcoly fail to appreciate in presence of tho owner. It bcapeako aick moro than -solids. Flat nosca are hell in'less OBtoom by noso ologistq.tliaa any other pattern. It is argued that tho itatucas of tho noso indicates fiat noes of mind, and tlmt no nation of flat noses havo evor nirulo their way upon tho earth. So far as whit wo understand by oivili'jation this idea cannot be (satisfactorily disputed. It needs no ghost from tho grayo to tell that hookod noso behind whioh is »ot tho keen eye belong to tho race of tho Father of tho Faithful— that raco which, enduring much contumely and cruol poraecution through long centuries, peraovorod through all ifca fcoilo. trials, and uhooking sufforingo in accumulating that itov/orful ajzoiioy called lucre to GUoh an amount that it may almost oafoly bo «aid to rulo tho world, Sloano haa a wondor/ul appreciation of thia noso. Uo is moro cjoquout about it than of any of tho others, taking it from a pecuniary otand* point, Ho aoko whero aro tho Pharaohs, and then uaya, ' That noao which toiled and utralncd uudor tho whip of a tauk-maafcor utill exifttu in all its hooked rotundity, ao largo and au v/ell defined io evor, whilat tho naual organ of tho oppressor has vanished, and nowhero cxiuta uava in tho remains of ita sculpture,' 