TWICE MARRIED. Chapter III. lhe father and son again met in the old- fashioned apartment on the following morn ing, according to appointment, but with a somewhat different expression in their faces and bearing of each from the preceding day. The fine face of Sir William Lloyd was troubled and anxious, while his son looked calm and resolute, like a man who had taken his determination and would abide by it. "Well, Evan, have yon thought over my proposals ?" began Sir William. " I have, sir," was the reply, " and made mv decision." " Aud that is " "To risk raising the outraged ghosts of my ancestors by becoming a millowner — a Lloyd in trade ; the first of his namo," interrupted Evan. Sir William looked disappointed, nay, gloomy, as he listened to the carelessly uttered words. " Have you weighed all, Evan ? " he at length asked. "All, sir," was the reply; "and, if you have no objeotioa, we shall spare ourselves the annoyance and waste of time which any further discussion would entail, and proceed at once to the consideration of what steps ehonld be next taken to carry out our plans." Sir William was not a man to be putdowD, especially by his own son. " You will, I presume, have the good sense and feeling to be guided by my wishes and plans, Evan," said tbe baronet, with quiet dignity. " Indeed, so far, I have made np my mind. You will return to Oxford and take yonr degree — a superfluous proceeding, perhaps, but I have a prejudice for yonr so doing. Meanwhile I shall make every arrangement with the exeontors, and in my own affairs, for carrying out your wishes. But, mark me, Evan, it is all I can do for yon, and if yon get into any difficulty afterwards, it will be ont of my power and far from my inclina tion to help you. You will have a fair start; then it must depend on yonr own prndenoe and industry." " I suppose yon intend I shall live in that charming little villa near the mill, sir," said Evan, carelessly ; " I took a wonderful fancy to it when I saw it yesterday." "Are yon so anxious to be independent, Evan ? " said his father, sadly ; " so tired of the home of which yon see so little P " "Not exaotly," replied the yonng man. "I am very well satisfied with my kind mother, and Lnoy is a very good girl ; but still, if I am of age to work and manage my own affairs, I certainly must be old enough to have a house of my own, and I decidedly pre fer the arrangement I propose. Perhaps I may marry an heiress ; who knows ? and shall want a home to bring her to." " I trust, my son, that yonr choice of a wife will be gnided by other considerations than mere money," replied Sir William, gravely; "yon have youth, good birth, talent, and, I will add, a fair start in life, and it will be yonr own fault if yon need anything else to ensure yonr prosperity." " Still, I can't see why I should add to my expenses without adding to my income," said the young man, oynioally. " When I proposed to yonr mother, Evan," fiaid his father, " she had not a shilling ; her modest fortune came to her most unexpectedly from her godfather, after we were married. Bat her love and prndence and exeellent judgment have been the safeguard aB well as the snnBhine of my life. Follow my example, my son ; choose yonr wife for herself, and for her qualities of heart and mind, not for a dowry, whioh may torn to a curse in your hands." " Pity we cannot change places, sir," replied Evan ; "yon ought to be the impulsive young man, and I the prudent, middle-aged gentleman. However, I will think abont it. And now, what abont the honse P — yon have not replied to my question yet." "If yon ara seriously bent on it, Evan, and will promise me to devote yonr whole energies nd judgment to the occupation yon have chosen, I will make what arrangements yon wish," said bis father ; though I cannot see the object of yonr excessive eagerness to be Alone and independent of yonr homo." " We shall find it better for it to be so, sir," returned Evsn ; "in a little time yon will Agree with me that I have judged rightly." S Sir William was not oonvinoed, bat he had made np his mind to yield all reasonable liberty to his son ; and, after that, the good old baronet was eqnally determined not to aaarifioe either himself or his other ohild to Any caprice or shortcomings of Evan'a. "Be it so, Evan," said he ; " and now, what domains to be done of oonrse rests with me. I'witl at once oommnnioate with the proper parties, and by Christmas yon shall find all in readiness for yon." " Farmsr Herbert was speaking of it yester day, sir," remarked Evan, as he rose to leave the room, on this hint. " He mentioned that the machinery and the whole arrangements of the mill were first-rate, and so valuable that they were insured for something like ten thousand." " He ia right, Evan. The Bpeonlation is a heavy one," replied the baronet; "and, as I forewarned yon, when yon have bean fairly started in it you have nothing moro to expect from me. You cloarly understand this, and will abide by it uncomplainingly, and without any attempt to change my resolution. I give you one moro chance for changing your mind, and then the subject will be closed." Evan paused for a moment, but possibly rather from a decorous appearance of con sidering his father's words than any real hesitation. " I agreo to yonr conditions, my dear father," ho replied, firmly ; " secure that yon will perform yonr part of the contract faith fully and liberally. Anything more ?" " Nothing, Evan," was tho reply. " Your path is ohosen for life. May God bless yon in it ! — though it is not the position I would have chosen for my only son — tho heir of a long line of ancestors." Tho yonng man waited only to express his short and faintly spoken regrets for any dis appointment his father might feel, and then hastened to join his sister, with whom he was going to pay another vist to Llanover Farm, to bring back Winifred for the rest of tho day. Thus days went on, and the long vacation closed, and the heir df tho Grange and the fair daughter of the yeoman farmer of Llanovor were inseparable companions. Some times Lucy was of the party ; more often tho young pair were alone ; but not a day passed without somo part of it being spent on some pretence or other in each other's society. And yet this constant intercourse had been so managed that neither Sir William and Lady Lloyd, nor Farmer Herbert nor his wife, had the slightest suspicion that any bnt the most natural and innocent motives existed for the various schemes of companionship. They looked on Winifred os a child, still a mere schoolgirl, and yet the old and favourite play fellow of Evan and Lucy. If Mrs. Herbert grumbled at Winifred's absence, and predicted all kinds of evils from the " idleness " and " high notions" which such an intimacy might put into her daughter's head, it was only in acoordance with hor usual habits and ideas, and little heeded by either her husband or child. At leDgth Evan Lloyd returned to college, and Winifred Herbert to Bohool, while even Luoy was then, as afterwards, in blissful ignor- rance of the relations or feelings existing between her brother and her dearest friend. Chapter IV It was a chill November evening, at the very close of that dismal month, when a traveller arrived at a small wayside inn, some two miles from tho qnaint town of Wrexham. He was yonng and handsome, and both air and dress were sufficiently indicative of good position and birth to impress the simple laud- lady with the idea that this new visitor was a grand gentleman, if not a nobleman, or at the very least a baronet. He was therefore nshered into the best sitting room of the rustic hotel, and many apologies were offered for real and imaginary defioienoies in the accomo dation and fare at his command. " Bat yon see, sir," said the hostess, " it is bo seldom we have gentlemen like yon at this seasoD, that we are not provided like. In summer, 'tis vory different ; and indeed, sir, if we'd had tbe least notion you were coming— " " Don't oonoern yourself, my good woman," said the young man, with winning frankness and good humour. "I shall do very well, depend npon it. Let me have some sapper ; and, hark ye, yon had better provide for two. I expect a. gentleman to-night, or in the morn ing, and he may come in while I am busy on yonr good faro." The flattered Mrs. Jones retired, and so far merited her guest's confidence as to plaoe be fore him, in less than an hoar's time, a very well-cooked and palatable, thongh simple re past, and a jag of ale. " if any one calls for Mr. Wynn show him in at onoe," said the yonng man, as the land lady and her domestic retired, and the Welsh women exohanged glanoes at the sound of a name synonymons almost with royality in their ears. The traveller had soaroely put his fork into the fine capon set before him, when the door opened, and the landlady annonnoed, " A gentleman for yon, sir." The new comer was a strange contrast to his friend. Tall, haggard-looking, with a spare, yet loosely-hnng frame, large features, and a keen, restless, anxions expression, he was as inferior in toilette and general air and bearing as in good looks. His dress was black, and olerical in cnt, bnt bearing un questionable marks of long wear and poverty. And yet there were traces both of " better days," and of some latent pride, and also talent, both in dress and face, unprepossessing as they appeared on a first glance. "Well, Allnutt," said the yonng host, as the door closed behind the landlady, "yon are prompt in obeying my oall. It looks well ; bnt I knew I might connt on yon." " Yon did indeed, Lloyd," was the melan choly reply. " You knew it bnt too well." "HuBh!" said the young man, "I am ' WynD,' not 'Lloyd,' just now. Walls have ears, yon know, and it is as well to be cautions. Bnt, come, sit down, and let's despatch the supper while 'tis hot. Plenty of time for talking afterwards." The new guest seemed indeed more anxions than his host to oarry ont this proposal. He might have fasted for the last twenty-four hoars, to judge from the eagerness of bis man ner, and the amonnt of provisions which he despatched. Evan Lloyd plied his visitor well, both with food and drink. The jag of ale was re- . planished, the dishes were most effectually cleared; and when the sapper was removed, hot water and spirits, with all due condiments, were plaoed oa the table. " Yon oan find bedrooms for both my friend and myself?" said Evan, as the maid com pleted these arrangements. " Certainly, air," was the reply. " Will you please to look at them, sir ? " Evan jnst took a glanoe at the rooms, whioh were on the same floor aB the sitting-room; and then, telling the woman they should want nothing more, he oaarefnlly oloBad the door of the apartment, and sat down once more olose to hie friend. " Now, Allnnt, to business," said he. " Yon tell me that mAttera are not prospering much with yon." "No, I am one of the nnfortnnates of the world," replied the yonng man, dejectedly. "Jnst now I am starving on a tutorship of thirty pounds a-year and my meals; and, wretched as it is, I don't know hovr. long that may last." "No ohanoe of getting into orders, eb, Allnutt ?" continued Evan. " I have not money for the fees if I could obtaia a curacy," was the reply ; bnt the rest less eyes gave a keon glanco at his companion as he spoke, and then were as quiokly avorted. "Pity," said Evan; "but, after all, 'tis a poor calling, and, besides, might be a danger ous one for you ; considering all things," ho addod, meaningly. The pale faae flushed, and Allnutt exclaimed, Bnddenly, " What do you mean, Lloyd ?" " Wynn, if yon please," said Evan. " 'Tis as well for yon to praotiso my new name, in case of a slip at wrong timeB, or yon can say Evan if you like ; bnt don't use my other respectable patronymic. What do I mean ? Why, Barely yon have not lost yonr memory altogether, man ?" " I remember much that I should very will ingly forget," said tho gaunt visitor, half sadly, half grnfHy. " So much tho better," said Evan ; " then you perhaps remember that little transaction abont eightoen months since, when I rendered yon an essential service ?" "Not vory probable that I could forget it," said Allnutt, flushing a dull, deep crimson, which added to the repnlsive character of his features. "Then, without any great stretch of logio or of imagination, yon might understand my meaning without any unpleasant explana tions," said Evan. "It appears to me that a more hint of the affair to which I allude would be sufficient to prevent the most indulgent bishop from admitting you among the number of those called to " " Hash, Evan I " interrupted Allnutt, indig nantly. "Taunt me, insult me, trample on me, if yon choose, but don't blaspheme saored things. I have enough of right fading left not to stand that, even from yon." " As yon please," sneered Evan ; " but you can, I should think, comprehend what I mean ; and if yon are so thin-skinned, you had better go and make a clean breast of it at once to " " I will act as I please, so for as I am my self concerned," was the angry reply. " If yon want something from me, as I suppose yon do, from your sending for me, and paying the expense of my journey, say ao at once ; but don't interfere with matters that do not concern yon." "It was well for you, Allnutt, that I did not take that view of your affairs eighteen months ago," retnrned EvaD, with a con. temptuons smile. " As it happens, I have to do with yoa and yonr plane in the present in- atanoe, in order to guide me in my own pro ceedings. I ask you again, what you have been doing since yon left Oxford, and what do yon propose to do ?" Allnutt again coloured deeply, and emptied the glass before him ere he replied. " 'Tis soon told, Evan. I managed to get an under-master- ship at an orphan college, where I stayed nearly a year ; then I left ; and till about three months sinoe I was completely adrift. Then the lawyer of tho village where I was staying offered me the situation as tutor to his four boys, at thirty pounds per annum and my meals, whioh meals are a scanty breakfast and dinner, and worse tea. I was there when yonr letter oame, and got three days' leave, as yon bads me. But I dare say they will be deducted from my salary." "Nevermind, mas, we'll make it np, and yon shall have something to fatten yon in tho meantime," Baid Evan. " But, listen : I want yon to do me a little service." " What ?" demanded Allnutt, and the tone and look wore rather uncomplimentary, (or they implied some doabt of the natare of what might he required of him. "I told yon, jnst now," Baid Evan, " it was better for yon not to be in orders ; bnt if you've a fanoy for the oalling, I dare say I oan ensure yon a decent maintenanoe com pared to yonr present starvation pittance, always provided yon are wise enongh not to quarrel with yonr bread and bntter." " On what terms ?" demanded Allnntt. "Yon are neither more trusting nor moro oonrteonB sinoe we parted, Master Allnntt," said Evan, with a forced sipile. "On what temps ? Why, the very easttoneB of practising one of the duties of your oalling a little before hand, that's all." Allnntt remained silent, bnt his eyes were fixed keenly on the face of hiB companion. " I mean, in plain English, goiag over the marriage ceremony for the benefit of myself aad tbe prettiest little dove in the kingdom," continued Evan. "Evan Lloyd !" exolaimed Allnntt, fairly starting from his seat ; " I never believed yon to be a villain before, and I cannot think yon are in earnest now." Again the soornfnl, mooking look came on Evan's handsome faco. "Charity, my good fellow, oharity becomes an embryo clergyman," he said. " Yon might, I think, suspend your judgment a little when a true friend is ooncerned. I am not quite the amiable oharaoter you made out ; still, I am in earnest ; and, what's more, I am determined. Fill your glass, Allnutt, and yon shall hear." The yonng man Blowly obeyed, his keen glance fixed from time to time on Evan's fiaoe, ( To be continued.) A boy at the " West End " had a birthday party. A six-year-old guest thas describes it to his mother : " First of all had some bread and batter ; then we had some lemonade oold enough to freeze you ; then we all had a pieee of birthday cake; then we all bad a lot of ice-oream, and then all tbe little boys had the stomach-ache. Tbe big girl told as to go into the house and lie down on the floor, and they made us drink pepper mint and water till we felt bettor. Then we all went out to play." In the Centennial Agricultural Hall there are two immense hogs, staffed, eaoh bearing a plaoard telling its age and weight, and with the name of the man who prepared tbem for exhibition, followed by the word, " taxidermist." A man and wife were looking at these with great interest. After reading the placards, the woman said : " Why, these are taxidermists. I thought they were bogs." Her husband looked at the oreatnaeB with a puzzled expression, and then went carefully over the plaoarde, as if to satisfy himself fully on the point. Finally he replied, "They are 'hogs. Taxidermist is the name of the place thev same from." ; A lady parcnased a jaokst at a store the other day, and the clerk said he would send it right home inside of balf-an-honr. In abont four hoars a paokage-boy appeared with the garment, and the impatient lady exolaimed : " You boys are the greateat-nnisanoe in town I I snppoBe you stopped to play marbles or bunt np alost dog !" " Indeed I didn't," he replied. " 1 went up home to ohange batB, and ma she had to try on the jacket and parade before tba glass. Then Katy put it on to make a call, and when she got back ma was determined to walk over on Woodward-avenue to show it off, and I got here as quick as I oouldi" 