How Brown became subjugated to the Matrimonial Yoke. (A Legend of the Scented City.) Part I. — continued. To her husband she confided Her misgivings in a trice ; Brown, be scoffed at and derided That physician's sage advice. He informed her that his work was Most important, which was true ; And he told her that to shirk was What he didn't mean to do. With her husband she contended, And she fiercely bent her brow ; Then commenced a scene, which ended In a matrimonial row. At his head she hurled some potted Salmon — meant she thus to save Her misguided and besotted Husband from an early grave '! Thus they squabbled, and they battled While the kettle gaily sings ; Then she stamped her foot and rattled All the plates and breakfast things. In his bosom he decided, When the Salmon struck the wall, That a house which was divided 'Gainst itself was bound to fall. All his thoughts were in the city, So he mounts the early 'bus, Whistling some vulgar ditty — Said he didn't care a cuss. Thus he reached his place of business, Overcome with cares and carks ; And he, cursin' their remissness, Made it sultry for the clerks. Part II. But he found it useless sittin' — Work he couldn't— he was ill, And his head was nearly splittin' — Grinding like a coffee-mill. Every feature was contorted, And he uttered many a roar ; His good spirits were exported, Down he sank upon the floor. Streams of perspiration wetted All his clothes — which wasn't nice ; Most devoutly he regretted Scoffin' at his wife's advice. Louder still he roars and bellows, Terrifying all the clerks, And those much surprised young fellows Upward rushed — expecting larks. He was limp and he was flabby When those panting clerks arrive ; So they called a handsome cabby And they told him where to drive. " Home they brought her warrior " faintin', Still and lifeless as a post ; He was like a fancy paintin', Of the famous Cock Lane ghost. He was peacefully reclining In that cabman's brawny arms, Never speaking nor repining, Which increased his wife's alarms. On his back he was extended, And that handsome cabby iled ; Animation was suspended, So they had him put to be 1. While beside his form she's grieving, In her hopeless agony — Thinking he was past retrieving — Brown — he opens half an eye. (To be continued. J Q. — What border town do the Melbourne letters to S. M. H. most resemble ? A. — Albury ! All Berry. 