METROPOLITAN NOTES AND COMMENTS. (BY COSMOPOLITE.) One of the most ridiculous as well as mis chievous attempts at satire was perpetrated in Adelaide on Saturday evening. Never, perhaps,, was greater excitetneut caused in this city before, than on the occasion referred to. Crowds gathered at the street corners dis cussing something which, iraoi the hurried and disjointed sentences, I heard was a rumor that ' war had broken out between England and Bussia, and that Melbourne was actually in a state of sieare.' Astonished, veh Anuhhincr the intelligence, I was turning away, when, a youthful newsboy offered for sale what pur ported to be. a newspaper ' Extraordinary' bearing the startling news that the Bussiana were actually in Melbourne-^that men, women, and children were being butchered by thou sands— -infants thrown up iu the air, torn from their mothers' breasts*— and the streets were running with olood. The charge for this diabolical record was threepence, and in common -with hundreds of other dupes I became a purchaser, believing in. all good faith that anything printed at so respectable an office as the Advertiser could tint but be genuine, Ne«a I detail the result of this villainous publication, which was printed solely for gain, and with a view to alarm the public? in both these aims it succeeded, alas! too well. It ia incredible, and but im perfectly known even yet, the very great miechief which has been occasioned by intro ducing, almost without a minute's warning, the apparently genuine intelligence that in a spot so near to us as Melbourne thousands of armed barbarians were not only destroying the city, but butchering without mercy inno cent women and children. Imagine the feel ings of a sensitive female about soon, to become a mother on. reading this I nor wonder to hear that ia many households delicate women lay all night long in hysterics and violently ill with fear. One old gentleman who has been a resident of Adelaide for years went to the trouble of advertising hie property for sale, intending to leave the place for the cuntry as speedily as possible lest the enemy should destroy his homes* ead and subject his family to insult and injury. He fortunately met a friend, who enlightened him as to the true nature of the hoax which had been .perpetrated, and the audacity of which he could scarce believe. On Tuesday after the Register- had somewhat allayed the fears of the public, the Advertiser came out with a lame excuse about the matter, and shifted all the blame on to the shoulders of Messrs. Forde and Barry, members of Signor Majeroni'a company, who, it states, gave the' Extraordinary*' into their Jobbing department. A pretty jab, truly ! — half a city .frightened to death, and all because the Advertiser Office does a bit of printing and puts its imprint in ! I hear the police have the matier in hand, and doubtless those who have been instrumental in causing such an unhealthy excitement and producing bo much alarm in qui^t families will meet condign punishment. In America the authors, of such a rumor as the one mentioned would have been lynched. There has been some very HEAVT WBA.THBE ON THE COASTj anl several wrecks: Among them the steam collier Yarra Yarra is reported to have gone down with all hands at Newcastle. The body of the mate has been foucd, but no other bodies have yet been recovered. The days of BUSHBANGING had, we considered, long gone by; but late intelligence by telegram would lead to the belief that it has again revived in New Seutb Wales. On the. 16th instant a man named Crawley stuck up and robbed an hotel at Bendemere. While engaged in helping him self to plunder a plucky constable made his appearance and attempted: to capture him. A fight with revolvers ensued, and some sharp shooting was the result. The con stable, however, was victorious, as he shot the robber dead. The fight is described as a 'game affair,' and the constable is now to be promoted-^a mark of honor he has de cidedly earned. Certain remarks relative to. THEATRICAL MATTERS in yeur last issue seem to have 'riled' the Editor of the Advertiser, who in commenting thereon adds ' Nothing like a reliable corre spondent.' Up to the present I think it will be pretty generally admitted by your readers that my ' Notes' from, this city have been reliable ; and while admitting I was slightly in error, there was nothing to jusiify any serious comment by the A&virtiser.; However, it is better to be in error occasionally than to be too hypoi critical and inconsistent. A week ago I was abont to touch ou some rather inconsistent conduct on the part of the Advertiser, but refrained from doing so simply because I considered it best '?? to be to others' failings blind.' ft will be remembered that a banquet was given to Mr, King, proprietor of the Advertiser, on Monday, July 9th, in the Town Hall Refreshment Koom, at which about 1^0. gentleman w.ere present, and whereat the Hon. Sir Henry Ayers presided. There, was fiome excellent provender and some excellent spouting, laudatory and otherwise Sir Henry Ayere especially delivered an excel lent speech, and to have heard him and the chef of the 'Tiser complimenting each o;her would have done your heart good ; but it don't look well or consistent either to find Sir Henry so much abused by the editor of the very paper he then complimented. He is frequently called a 'charlatan' and other hard titles ; and on Wednesday the 'Kser oomes cut with a keener cut than ever. This is what the editor says : — ' Sir Henry Avers is simply endeavouring to make a catspaw of the Lower House. Possibly he thinks that he and his. Ministry haiie devoured enough humble or dkfc pie lately, so he presents thi* dish to the people's representatives, and begs that out of pity to his digestive organs they will swallow the meaL' Was it at the com plimentary banquet to Mr. King when Sir Henry took the chair that he devoured all that dirt pie ? If not, I should like to know when and where it was stowed away I PAEUAMENTABT'. \- In this as in other matters there is not much to report, nor.- likely to- be until - the action of the Legislative Council with regard to the new Parliament Houses is decided. It seems a remarkable thing that an erection so important as this should be commenced, and then when, the foundations are partly in thai the work should be stopped to suit the caprice or whim of fault-Anders. By the Register I learn that some action is to be taken in the matter on Thursday next, but the Advertiser has it in its notice relative to the subject on Tuesday next. Which is it to be — Tuesday or Thursday? Mistake some where. The Land TJill progresses but slowly, as do also many other matters on the -business papgr ot the House. ' 6KTOHUX. E0BBIEIES: have lately occurred in and around Adelaide. On the llth instant the Imperial Mills, Hurtle-squase; was broken into, bat the. bur glars only obtained small booty. Two house robberies are reported at North Adelaide . anfl a resident in one of the other suburbs lost a considerable suei from his dwelling. Among recent importations we .appear to have received a large number of worthless characters, who, being unable to obtain ' employment, * are I rapidly swelling the ranks of our lazaroni and] larrikins. A. few years 1-ack no one in Ade- j laide thought |t neoeesary to lock their doors j at night; ))U|; now. tven wh nseourej witii £ \ ~ iron bare *nd strong fastenings, they ate xwt -. ~~j~ \, burglar proof . ' ?' ,. J'*~— ijabd DBnmnro will soon kill those who indulg« in ft. An unfortunate man named Laing, * well-sinker, having lately been ' on thespree,' suoftambecl ' ^ to his fate and died of apoplexy engendered by intemperanoe. Hfa body was said by tha . . ^ doctor who examined it at the inqqest to bo 'smothered in alcohol' §ad that anjr human, being should die thus) & remarkable , ' ? ?- -? BREACH 'Of PBO1B8I CliB has just been heard here. The evidence Jig- '^ closed great immorality --n the part of platntafrv . a3 well as defendant, both of whom were Scon- -,?: ? nected with. Bible classes at the Wesieyan u . , Suneayrschaol. Norjrood.. ?'Tbte~Wnr--mm&~iL^..^.~ ' other sensational cases-. whica occaaiohaHy' - ^ come into the Police Courts, tfleariy ahof# ''* that there is often as much ilU($t J^e-mal^a|i) - carried on under the very nose/Tjaf/the pw*c* ? as elsewhere. . In the above Instance tro^fe fendant u«ed to lea^e the olaaa^fc^e Syatefr school in which he was. teaoh^aadlmeJBtt&li; r.~ pUiatiff, also a teacher _ bx^i^SSi0Jma^ :^' ^. ' for immoral purposes.. ^^^CJBpM^ ^^^JSff ''?''? .''' ' ?' her ruin he left her arid majrafct widowC^A verdict was given for the piauft&r-for; £l50~-Jt small sum to pay when the. misery he has brought an an iuaogeut young \roman ia con- ' sidered. THB DKAINAOB QTJBSTIOH. , . is creating quite a stir here, and our dailies ate. full with letters for and against the benefits and blessings q! deep drainage. Some won't have - the underground eyatem ajt «ny price^ but? here's my Bentiments— , .. Our city's full of noxious emella from gutters, drains, and sinks, ? And masmatic alleys too. send forth ten thousand stinks \ Whatever way we chance \f- stray, their influence is found. Oh, would they were a hundred nulea deep, buried underground. Our streets are wide, and well laid out—rail tells of boundless wealth ; While on Mount Lpfty's topmast cpn^ presides, the god of health j Still who can laud this lonely spot since gutters, teem around ? Oh, wo.uld this stench was bn^ied deep jjn drain age underground I From pestilential causes soon may Adelaide be. free, . And* as in English town% is done, ha^e draic ag« to the sea. Who cares to dwell where noxious smell and; fever lurks around ? So let us hope ere long to see our drainage, underground. -? Bui this ia quite sufficient of this inodjorons; topic ; I can't do as some folks, lately did in the. papers here — spin it out to a coapleof columns CANIKB FAVOBITJBS. Doga are universally regarded, as the friend of man, and there are. few persons who do not consider them as such, judging from the fact, that they are visible near every;- habitation*. Certainly these animals, however valuable to, owners, are extremely annoying to other people, whose fiAwla they interfere with- audl whose pigs and goats they drive off. The day of registration is here at last, and thaukr goodness ; unless the fee be forthcoming afujfr of no common kind will be iafiicted on owners. . ? In many a back yard the bay of unregistered^ curs is heard ; but the auth,oritiea will doubts less look them up. Adelaide U at present over-, run by dogs— you m«et them in every street,, growling, snapping, and snarling at each other^ and performing all sorts of pugibvstic actions. Often while witnessing their antics have % thought — ' Oh. what a place, this- is -for dogs— - For puppies of all sizes ; - They bark and yelp, they snarl and snap,. Bach. thing their '?* montoey,** rises. To hang or drowm them is no use, ' They scorn sucb rash endeavor ; . ' When dead no doubt their ghosts come bacfc Aud haunt our streets for ever. One of our Adelaide- papers has taken to. publishing FASHIONABM XTBK8. These appear usually at the end of the week*, aad run as follows : — - Mrs. Snooks, North-terrace, projects giving an evening party on Monday next. The Hon. John Bootittle is going oat of town, for a few days. His return iB to be celebrated by a ball and party. . Our editor _has been in-v vited. ? In. Lumpy, 'whose fine 'spreads'* are universally known, will give the usual mid-, winter sapper at her residence, 3Q&st-tertace;, on the 4th, July. No low class admitted; So-*ne heartrending cases of destitution have, been brought to light on Yorke's Peninsula.. Shame! ' . ?'?: ~ ' The Bussians are getting beaten in various, directions, and; news of victories for the Turks, are being reported by telegraph daily. Good news from Yam Creek i in one claim, 100 ounces of gold were got last week When is the rait way to Port Darwin to be commenced?) .. There is gold enough in tshe Northern Terr!- . tory to pay for making it. From Mount-. Gawler good reports are chronicled, A man named Pelton, working at Mintaro was lately suffocated while sleeping in a closely covered railway van. The idelaiie Football Club are making ar-r rang^menta to play a.Melbpurna team of foot-,, bailers. The. match, is likely to^ome ofil at the. end of the season. ' ....-?? Green f«ed «ound WaJlaroo is said, to be up-, wards of three feet high. Mr King, M.P., is about to become the. champion of authors* rigfajbs. In the Assembly on Wednesday he moved.: 'That a Bill be introduced tot provide colonial authors with a, oopyritjkt iu their works.' This Act is much* * ? wanted, as. there are no. endt of literary, pirates^ abroad. . . . : 