CHRISTIANITY AND LIBERTY. We mean by Christianity the religion of Christ, and not any particular church organiza tion, as embodied in the Bible ; and by liberty, not lawlessness, but such a measure of self- government as the general welfare will admit of. Christ's religion was centered in Himself, as a person. He chose the humblejand the poor to be his companions and friends, but He never encouraged the poor to become turbulent, nor envious of the rich. He taught and practised submission to the Roman yoke, tho then con stituted authority of the realm ; and this doc trine was re-ecliocd by the Apostles. They in culcated subjection to the lawful government, besides giving instructions as to order and government in the Church itself. This is the religion of Christ. It is that which leavens human society ; promoting liberty, brotherhood; and equality among men ; humbling the proud, and developing manhood. It lays the only safe foundation for civil liberty. Unlike tho doctrine of men, it teaches duty rather than rights. It alone checks the spirit of pride and selfishness which operates against civil freedom. It teaches men to support tho weak ; to respect the humanity in every man, seeking their improvement in all possible ways. Even though it be necessary to treat some as children, yet the aim should be that such may soon learn to guide and govern themselves. This divine religion has- exerted its influence through human channols, and its proper effects have, in consequence, been liable to obstruction or perversion. Purity exists only at its source, and for tlie restoration of that purity it is necessary to return constantly to the Fountain- head. In the Holy Scriptures we have the means of doing so. , Christianity lias had to cope with Judaism, Greek Philosophy, and Roman depotism ; and we find in the epistles to the various churches indications of human corruption even before the death of tho Apostles. After this, many strange doctrines sprang up ; through all of which, humanly speaking, the Gospel owed its preser vation,' and the care of the church governors. Afterwards, however, the pretensions of the heirarchy and the elements of worldliness from within; gained a foothold, but in spite of these, Christianity wrought many social reforms. As the imperial power of Rome declined and was withdrawn, the domination of the hierarchy in creased which culminated in the establishment of the Papacy throughout. Europe. Then the spirit of Christianity was roused, and the result was— the Reformation. The drawback to the working of this has been its too close alliance with the civil power. Still, Christianity has resulted in civil liberty, and under its influence alone castes and classes have disappeared, and the dignity of- 'man as man has been acknow ledged. The abolition of slavery and serfdom is also due to its influence. It is, needless to say that the character and teaching of Christ and his Apostles give no /sanction to tlie persecutions which disgraced tlie vGliurbli' during the Middle Ages. The persecu tions which His disciples had to meet, according to ; His 'warning, never suggested retaliation on their part. Discipline; of course, had to be exercised within the Churches, but it was of a spiritual character. Although the preservation of pure doctrine.witliin the Church isnot inconr sistent- with religious liberty ; yet no force should be used to compel acquiescence. Man'B mental and moral freedom is fully recognised by Christianity, and for tlie exercise of that free dom lie is personally accountable to God. In fact, persecution had its origin in human passion and self-will, and not in the spirit or teaching of . Jesus. No other religion lias re cognised so fully as Christianity, the fact that man should possess, a free action of the mind and will. And wherever it has freest scope, it will exist in its most complete form ; Christ ianity and liberty will naturally assist one another. . Although the former lias its special spiritual object, yet it also is in sympathy with" all that is good, and true, and beautiful and noble. Christianity does not- fear knowledge, or decry it ; " in understanding be men ;" intel ligent wen is what Christianity wants. , Regu lated by piety knowledge is indeed power. As civil liberty aids iii producing real intelligent men, it must also tend to promote truth and the power of Christianity. The former gives a freer scope, for the exercise of the beneficial influences of the latter.,' The facts of history confirm this view. Religious despotism' is totally opposed to the spirit of Christ and His apostles. And in that spirit Christianity is to go forth in the future, and the conditions of her real success are civiLand religious freedom. Persecution, alas! has hot been limited to any sect or church ; yet, with all its shortcomings, it may now be .said; that Protestantism has generally learned the Christian, lesson, of free dom. By this we mean that the law of the land allows freedom of thought, of 'speech, and of tlie Press, for all kind3 of religion. " Christian ity needs only a fair atid open lield ; with really earnest and faithful adherents, who believe in their Lord with all their hearts, who love His blessed name as St. Paul loved it, and who love tho souls of men even as He loved them who died for their redemption. Going forth in such a spirit, there is no danger of defeat, no doubt of success. Our help is in the name of the Lord; and a strong tower is our God. Our hope and confidence are , in the ; truth, in the the presence of Christ, and in the power of the' Holy Ghost. -Christian I ritness. .. The Perpetual motion. — A,- "few: days since, there died in Paris at the age of 61; Mr. Joseph Julien,' a clockmaker, who had succeeded rim directing a small elongated baloon with "a screw' moved by a spring. Mr Julien died an inmate of St. Bune's Asylum for the Insane. 