IODflS-iN» ÏXDS FROM THE OID 1 COUNTRY.. íjyutttsrc'^á'ü at-laafc dispersed without any jar leading tho Kot Aot. A vary.un BatoBrfiDg speech from the Throne adjourned b*0Msion till October 91. S mi dry members pd sheedy " P*ùed off, and started for their j_çy ima tang grounds. Still .tho grouse ^ had a ought reprieve, especially ae their ^xf -da^ of doom foll on a Sunday. Tho m^*r,A* a fair one, .and tho birds healthy. Blythe way, there is an improvement in T ?. yes compared to Scotch, grouse ahoot-' Cheshire, Shropshire, and Staffordshire, K, ««ll Derbyshire and the Northern Hogties,' ham a fair share of birds. BfaurV game, on the ? other hand, continuo to Kjaeuo in Scotland; owing to tho immense ?¿¡(lit of hill-aide planted with larch, and fir Egjogths present century. Oddly enough, a.sprinkling of them, still about tho goiny Hills. But every one who can get prty from London acorns bent on getting os tu ¿fl aa he can. Watering-places on remoto [puts of tho coast-Whitby, Scarborough, Qf/acontbo, Ilandudno, and tho liko are in high favour. Ireland os well as North Britain ¿at sn increased influx, both of tourists and jporUnwn. And in spite of alleged hard i&tti;, it is wonderful how many people find day can afford a tour on the Continent. IUly will be fall of our sight-seers, (keogh the ofBoials have lately been siting themselves very nasty to Englishmen, uni tie Foreign Office aotually recommends passports. In feet, what with pasa- huntcra, ait-worshippers, sportsmen, antiquarians, in nlids, and the multitude of mero loungers ninly striving to escape from themselves, fcsrcely any port of Europe, except those fiTOured districts which tho Czar is at present engaged in civilizing, will bo unvisited by Jiocts of irrépressible Britons. Franco ia not to gay as it waa, but it still scorns to have tench tho same attraction for Cockney trades men as when Theodore Hook wrote at the same season. 'Mrs. Sims is full of whims, And hates our foggy climate. Mrs. Grill is very ill, And nothing can improve her Unless she sees the Tuileries And waddles through tho Louvre." The marvellous thing is, that though, in the words of the same facetious rhyme, " London now is out of town," there is still such an amount of busy movement, such thronging of thoroughfares, such a rush to so many resorts both of business and pleasure. Some effects of the migration are, of course, observable. You miss the neatest nags from Rotten Row, and well-appointed carriages are scarce in the Ring. Tradesmen want to clear off the remains of their summer stock, and a timid observer might feel uneasy at tho number of "alarming sacrifices "'placarded on the fronts of thriving shops. But eastward of Hyde Park it is difficult to perceive any 'falling off in the stir and bustle of tho streets, in tho crowding of 'buses and steamers. Places of public amusement are thronged especially those that afford a promenade. The Crystal Palace and the revived "Alex andra " are in full swing. Even the Westminster Aquarium, though it has dropped its high scientific pretensions, and has moreover been victimised by wholesale swindling, is doing a thriving business. The band is still very good/though tho music is not so good as it was last year, and you may enjoy it in classical fashion, while eating a well- cooked -dinner and sipping really good wine. But, their "highest attraction for the season is a lady of whom I really must say something in recognition of tho fearless grace with which she goes through all manner of perilous performances.' I do not know her country, though from - complexion and. gait I should suspect her to be Spanish. Still less have I a notion why she is called Zazel. I remember, indeed, Azazel in Milton-" a cherub tall," who " un- furled the imperial ensign." But Azazel is not the Zozel, nor has she anything of the cherub in her appearance- She is about the middle height, and beautifully pro- portioned. Her close-fitting male costume —for of course she cannot be hampered with flying draperies,—is of dark material, so shaped and worn as not to offend the most prudish spectator. Her performances are a sort of combination, of Blondín and Leotard ; her feats on tho bar and tho trapeze, however, though bold and strikingly graceful, have been equalled or outdone by sundry male performers. But Blondin himself cannot surpass her in the perfection of balance ; in deed, though she takes precautions against a possible fall to which he did not condescend, she shows in' some respects even a more finished equilibrium. She walks across a single wire stretched so high above tho spec- tators as" to be scarcely visible, and that without the aid of a balancing-pole. She crosses again with baskets on her feet, which make the guidance of her steps on so fine a line specially difficult, and doffs them just before completing her transit. She kneels and sits on the wire, and then recovers her erect posture. She even sways it to' and fro beneath her, preserving her balance throughout only by the graceful play of her arms and figure. Her final feats, in which she first plunges headforemost from a great height Into an elastic net, and then is shot (of course by a powerful spring) across the house from the mouth of a cannon, are comparatively easyf> though always much applauded. But tho pstfeet grace which ehe maintains throughout: this outre series of gymnastics is really in- describable, and must be seen to be conceived. You are fond of spectacle in Australia, and it would not surprise me me to learn that Zozel and her great gun had accepted an engagement at the antipodes. The Royal Academy Exhibition closed soon after I last wrote ; much to my vexation, aa I had not half studied the pictures. This is not, the place for detailed art criticism ; but I must notice one picture by Vicat Cole—a sunset at Arundel, ,the like of which, for \- glowing and yet truthful colour, has not, I. think, been seen sinec Turner's best days. It is worthy to hang beside that colonial master piece-the glory af tho Melbourne gallery Buvalot's-" Waterhole near Coleraine." If Burlington House ia closed, there are* abundant Art-Exhibitions still open to the public. The Museum at South Kensington' is full of the most varied interest. The Spencer collection, chiefly of first-claas por- traits, ia only on loan, but the bequests of sfeasrs. Byee and Forstor are permanent addi-, nona to the' pictorial wealth of the nation. 'Sot if I enc»-en tex the labyrinth of Kensing- ton treasures, my readers will hardly escape alive. A few. words now aa to musical doings. The appearance of Mdllo. Gerater at the Boyal Italien Opera formed a very brilliant termina-. 4£cjb^thar_ajiull_waa^^i. Shecaio^ SOQÄ, ¿ and concuasad ti« British public at one.grand coup, - Not having .poid the block-mud, whjoh certain theafafcal ' .critic» expect of ' a, dtbiUatife, she mot _t first bufe, scono1 -justice- from hbo- Pres«. jfeut an'English audience ;(thougli*it is tho faii_ion to oay.wo aro not iv.musical people) generally recognise the reel article'when they Véari it, annVMdUê. G erster triumphed at once/ on har own- marita. Tho effect produce^.- by her brilliant execuäon.is deepened by 'che Bympo-' thetio sweetness of her.freah youp^j voico, -lid the.trutnful simplicity o£ bÂc*ùan'g; Patti, after weathering', brief gale of ''censure, -flout ofEin »very whirlwind of pop* clarity. Tim6. neem« to add to the fluían o£ hcv'(Style, without impairing Üie freshness of >ter tonos. Her sparkling bravura rom nina. unrivalled, and when, after throwing her fuf 1 power into soma marvelously difficult passage' aahorepeatsitsotto voca in the sweetest softest, ech0 she is .imply adorable Her weak poir/ t her dress, which Ls often too cumbrous for grace.' Long trains, as a_i£'as if mada of .'ouckrara, and loaded with huge Tnasacn of f.owers, are difficult to manage, and require much swinging and kicking to keep them' Lo their place. In one scone, wheeo -ho tot .es leave of her lover, as sho believes, for OT/.T, I saw her go through some gymnastics, whioh must havo greatly increased tho difficulties of her part "Addio," sho exclaimed in anguish, as sho retreated /jockwards, ? giving tho train at. the sonrio tim© a vigorous 'lock. She then presad her barnda to her faco, and threw him «¿¿ios, retrooíting another step and giving anotbiir kick, atfd. eo by degrees alter- nately kissisig and kvjking sho got off the stage. ButAill this is out of season. There is a great deal of music going on, but it is in tho form of - promenade concerts or provincial gatherings. That strange yet interesting anachronism, the Welsh Eisteddfod (pro- nounced 'Steshvod) was held last week at Carnarvon with V ..Uliant success. The "Welsh choral singing, indeed, is quito unrivalled; tho singers perform without notes, ' and thus follow ¿ho conductor's baton with perfect syrrlJ>athy, their strain sinking or swelling . flne smooth wave of sound. In fact, t'Je people of North "Wales, with their gk^aous national melodies, their peculiar gift ¿i rhythmical elocution, and their "^"vorsal habit of extemporising harmony, by far tho.'most musical sections of the ûritish nation. And as they resolutely decline to abandon their own tongue with its wealth ot poetry and logcud, I am very glad to see a movement on foot in the Church of England for training ministers to preach to them in their own language. Few men have, like Bishop Thirl wall, the energy and linguistic power to master such a language lat« in life. The recess has of course brought a lull in party politics. There is, however, a very pretty quarrel among the fanatics of the Irish party which seams to promise good. Tho seven obstructives are getting up noisy meet- ings to obtain what they regard as a national saootion to their fooleries. Tho speeches of Messrs. Biggar and Farnell at Dublin exceeded even Irish precedent in violence and ab- surdity. These blockheads presume ' on the patience of the Houso, and mia take contemptuous toleration for fear. »They have no sense of proportion, and fail to " perceive what an insignificant frac- tion of Parliament are ' the precious " seven," and how impossible it is- that they should be again permitted for two months tc do -half the talking-of tbs House. But thc strangest thing is that they lack the meriti which .have generally belonged even to th« most wrong-headed Irish orators. They are sol eloquent, witty, or even lively, unites coarse abuse bo liveliness. A leading Nationalisl has denounced them as " Parliamentary wind- bags." But they have done good serried by * sort of rediictio ad ahturdutn of the Honn Bulo movement. Mr. Butt is in despair. H< moy have the larger following, but their ad' aérente are th« more noisy and enthusiastic ' including that large section of Hib&miaus; U whom nothing is so alluring os the prospeci of a row. Hurrah Î for the boys that cat talk down tho Saxon ! . Ur- Gladstone has not improved his positior during the recess. His speech to tho Bolto! excursionists ' in the park at Hawarden, when he pottd as tho athletic woodman, with filia virtue in attendance to blow his trumpot,rwoi received by all parties with ' " Oho univôr*al Hiss of gc-nenl scorn." That a mon who cannot bear to be a day ou of the public oye ahoald bo intent oa thi leadership which be hos expressly on> repeatedly resigned, and which ho canno possibly ' resuma except by breaking up i groat party, could surprise no one who ha watched the growth of his morbid soil worship. But thaVbe-Bhould instruct his soi to whisper his purpose-instead of franki; avowing it .himself "was altogether pitiful One could not help thinking of "The oh Obadiah and tho young Obadiah." "Sttyt'lho young Mr. DUd»terns io tho old Ur. Qloditoni *j5»vfi a lwVplttcky SmiiM, hiva a liri !' S»y» th« old Slr. Ûlid»toas to ibo young Mr. Clndtte&r;, ' Koop il d«rk, lilli* Tommy, kt sp- il intk !' " I am' assuming by-.the-bye that this in ovitable hallad is -as well known in Sydnej aa to our sorrow it is in London; over street-organ grinderft, avery shoe-black whistle it. , . But to return to politics. I havo littl doubt that tho ox-Premier is answerabl for tho large majority by which Northampton shir« was carried against tho Liberal candi .date. ? The- Conservative probably stood t< win, but it would have been a' close thing hu forvtwo causes. First, the territorial Whig have again token-fright, os they did. at th lost general election. They dread nothing a much 'as tho return of Mr. Gladstone to powe with on - extreme Radical programme [ Secondly, every day tringa in -'. oleare > proof . that ? Russia is waging a, wa i of extermination against "toe nfus&ul; I man -in Bulgaria. "There ore - atrocitie ! committed" (as well aa invented) on both aidas Circassians plunder frightfully-what marvel when Russian conquest has left them nothing 'of thôir-'own ?" Bwhi-Bazpuks-::ore' cruell; murderous. ' ' Bat Russia is bloodthirsty 01 ey§tom,-an^ wbila'her troops of the lino flgh like this soldiers of a cmlised Power, 'sha dis axms-thQ.peadofnl Mookima who oloimher pro mised protection-rpute arms into th« hands o " Christian ";'insurgon£a, whom she knows t. bo ready'for tho .worst barbarities, and send the ubiquitous'Cossack to show them the loa refinements of devastation, outrage, and ;maa sacre..' Tho knowledge of these things has, as 2orMÍWj:pi°óVc#d.a strong reaction.agoins the Russophilism which Mr. - Gladston preached, and which he railed at the Miniatr fbrnotembrooing.' It may sound paradoxic*] ,but. I believel.that the popular wish to al< Turkey would hiv* h«câme - moot 'doogeroualj strong jfllt. iox^.thoijcontinnonji ¿sftffóa'of "¿ia «stem which ap to the présent date (August 1 87).haye attended the Russian arms both in Europe and Asia, A few weeks since it. was, ?" Why don't -we holp the little 'un ?" . Now it is, " Well dono, little 'un ; hit him again;",' A ! most- happy change for us. To" be drawn by popular feeling into a war in defence' of j Turkey. would hero bsen a fatal error for I England, But if the Turks continua to defend I themselves successfully-and I do not believe any great Russian success probable during'tho present year-there will be no nice1 question of "drawing tho lino where ' British interests become seriously involved,, and tho most furious TuxcophiliBt (why not Tuico-Philio tino ?) may rest and be thankful. By tho -way, the best political speech I have ever read since the session closed was that made by Mr. Laing:-formerly Finance Minister for India-^ to his constituents at Wick. It was candid, manly, and sensible ; but waa especially remarkable for tho studious disclaimer of any sympathy with ' that splenotio 1 sneering at "British interests," which has made Mr. Gladstone an offenco to moderate men. But to reaumu. Austria, as woll as England, scorns reliovord from a press- ing anxiety by tho collapse (forit is really little else) of the Huasian invaaiona . She can now resume her tranquillity unless Servia should madly thrust herself forward to aid a falling cause ; or GalHcia . sympathise too strongly with 'that restless movement, which the troubles or tho Czar aro euro to excite amongst his Polish subjects. Sho can oven join with Gorraany in snubbing tho Turks os a cheap civility to Russia. Were not ' tho occasion so sad, it would bo droll to sea Bismarck lecturing the Porte on the duties of civilized warfare, whilo at the so m o timo ho declines to hear a word- from Turkey of Cossack or Bulgarian cruelties. Tho alliance of the three Emperors is his plea for this one-sided philanthropy. It reminds on/ j of tho worthy who would not cry at tk .c charity-sermon because it was not out of > jig own parish. But it should be said, in jus/Joe to Bismarck, that ho had his hand« full enough without essaying tho hopeless 'c ntcr priao of teaching Muscovites nittrcy. Iv .deed it is said on.good authority tliut his hat .Uh is eorioualy sunken by overwork, and slur jpless noss. Tho , German exodun centur ies to furnish matter for g-ravo --.anxiety, and it is imposai bio that ho can hoi quite at his eafce as to tho issue of tho present struggle in France. Whichever party gets the upper hand can only stand by carry- ing the army with it, while, to gratify tho army, it will be necessary to keep -professedly at least-the revanche always in view, lt is possible, however (absit omen!), that German anxieties may be allayed by tho sight of party hostilities in France carried beyond the blood- less field of voted, speeches, and pamphlets.' Thus far tho Republican party have behaved with wonderful moderation, and have coroe with the calm conädence of 1 strength .all the official dodgee, all the petty uixs of oppression by which a shaky Govornm cnt is V.ying .to steady itself against tho elections. But there are limits to tho patience of large masses of Frenchmen ; and there aro ia the party ! now persecuted by tho Executive only too many who uro orderly from interest rather than principle, and who may on a sudden, like Milton's angelic squadron, "turn fiery red." The determination of the Government to prosecute M. Gambetta for his. speech at Lille ie little ehort of madness. An.acquittal will leave him absolute master of tho situa- tion ; a conviction wiL'. enable him to âgure as a martyr in the Cause of the Republic. And the step is unjust as well as impolitic Had the Marshal, as head of tho Exeoutive, observed a constitutional neutrality he rmg-bt have fairly claimed exemption from political attacks; but when he denounces-tho party who form the majority of the Chambor, and. in default of any overt acts to criticise charges j them with dangerous principles and destruc- tive aims, he has no right to complain if their leaders comment strongly on his false position. Thery that play at bowls must look for rubbers. It is however reassuring to know that what the Marshal especially resents is the' charge of playing the game of tho " Clericals." I wonder what he thinks of tho pilgrimage to Lourdes, which this year is trumpeted, as a great success. There "is a. startling crop of miracles, which are gazetted daily-so-many miraculous cures on Monday, so' many on Tuesday, and so on-in some cases, be it fairly said, with sundry particu- lars. There is a strange mixture of modern arrangements with mediæval superstition. It, is quite credible, however, that some tem- porary cures, at least,' have taken place. There is frequent and prolonged immersion oí1 patients, chiefly rheumatic and gouty, in a certain piscine of water, which may have some mineral virtues, and even without these may produce, a bracing effect or give a danger- ous relief for awhile by driving the complaint inward. But I am anticipating questions which are sure to be asked. The miracles at Lourdes will find about as many thorough believers as tho liquefaction of San.Gennaro's blood, and of about the same mental stamp. And after all, a too easy belief in such speciosa miracula may be a less evil to France than utter Sadduceeism. The. worst of it is, that oil these alleged marvels are chronicled and blazoned in honour of " Our Lady of Lourdes," and tend to develop | that Mariolatry, which tho' Ultramontane priesthood love to make an imposing adjunct to Christianity, if not actually a substitute for it. P.S; Moil' day.-'-'Relief funds " are- tho order of the day, but tho Indian famine en- gages (as it ought) more sympathy than even, the war. Tho famine subscription already amounts to nearly £100,000, and is daily in- creasing. The tide of war still nina against the Russians, though ' they- aro still- -fighting like heroes- for their last 'defences in the Shipka Pass. But Servia has all but declared.' war,-and Austria seems inclined to let he .V reach this climax' of folly and ingratitud ,e,1 provided she does it " on her own hoc/ it," Russia, in her pressing need,'allows tho J" lou- 1 maniana to act; as an independent though a/Hied ¡ force. Poor Roumanie I-made a oat'a-pa w for 1 the PanrSlavieta, with whom she .has n;o con- I section, and hor territory a thoroughfr/ire for Cossacks t' How.isitallto end?^ ;I mu .ch fear Germany and Austria will aide with R;uasia aa to "the'opening'of the Dardanelles. Those, military despotisms" have- neither r/.iorcy nor faith. * Meanwhile Mr. Gladstono is openly charged with writing to influential.- Greeks to. urge them-towards a wax with. Tù-rkey. His only^reply-thus far^is thatjie had «aidas roùoh in the Contemporary I So mn ok for iis spaa chea about- 'Uooaiisîng" the war. Tho whole , situation ia a- dijigrace .to professing .Christianity. - -- '.' .' i» seáous ovil, especially in. th»' north and "west. " One' is " ¿on ry tor ,'r the ^disappointed. ¿rouBe-shooteraj but tho; in- jury - to the karv eat is a serious affair; With war on the Euxi/ae and railway troubles ÍnvAmarica,,ouiámpór! M o'f grain will not he- sufficient tot prevent v try high prices dozing the [winter.,' The Coir arado-heotlo baa not yet come ; but[£here has -116011 within tho . last weok a-suddon. outbreak.- of the potato disease, which threatens, to ? make matters I woree. But tho h and- work« ca generally aro pretty well off, and I do not; anticipate ,any urgent distress. . 'VMith' all hor troubles' and ?responsibilities, - -Engla nd_ may well feel thank tul for ber e s emption from, tho .' terribie evils _ which . are rife elsewhere. - Tho Poli/h. Historical '-Socic/'gr haa been addieMing fro tho Bulgarian CHriii/> ians an eloquent and r .veli-re aa on «1 cxhortatU n against looking for aught at' tho .hands 0f Russia save loss o#[ their language and lib sr tíos, with burtho/jsomo taxation and milito ary conscription;' "*ßüt it" is too late. "T'-hey would beidup/es and victims, and they ?,aro." Their " deliwjrors" thrust thom forward ' ,h all dangerous Tl nd discrcditablo. .services., and whlchever-v tho campaign ends, tafti .o- wiT bt> buta w rotèhod remnaut to sigh ove ¡ burnl homesteo/is and desolated Heida. It is, difficult to roturn from tl ,ssa eat thought ,5 to lighter mattera-but h' ore aro £ fow ito; ¿ns of a moat miscellaneous character Cricko' c has shifted to the province; j, ¿nd- the South ; has ' been regaining its lo» arele. Thf close match of tho season was v on by Kent ayw .ust l^ancashiro by ono wicket. In anothci gr* .at' county match, Bead and .'jupp went ic fir st for Surrey and-scored 300, before tho> "» /ero parted. Tho Graces have, been enact / mg- wonders " fur Gloucesternthiro. Pedes trian ism is in great vogue. 100 miles ir 20 boura 38 minutée is, as fir aa my mcmorj servos me, tho shortest fcimr, yet made. The» ia another " aweoi enthusiast at present walking to do 1500 miles in 1000 succes- sive hoars-a mile and a half in cool hour! but it ia early days foi* specu- lating on" a .six-weeks' performance, ho has not yet - walked a fortnight. Q*A would fancy tho ghosts Of such people mr aa be troublesome. .Tho " preliminary inquiry in the caso of the detected detectives ho* Wei going on for a month. T wonder how- lonj tho trial will last. Chose in England is dull The big men won't-figlit-tho spirit of I'.abour donnais' and Macdonnell is dead. Mt Bid cliburn cannot. got up a battle. In-kcrtoe has left his match postponed i!>tc the, an> Steinitz, wlio, was supposed ready for a seconi duello, will not como up to the ecratch. A grand riilû'competition at Rounddown con eludes to-day- Depend on It, England i. stronger,than her continental critics allow. 