Tales and Sketches. ANCIENT HISTORY, M. u.- Conway, writing from London to the Cincinnati Times, says : Some twenty years ago a Mr.' A. C, Harris went with his daughter, Miss Belima Harris, on a tour to tsgypt. He found under the floor of an old tomb in Thebes a large roll of papyrus covered with inscriptions. It was 139 feet long by 16) inches broad, and looked something like a stair carpet. Mr Harris bought it for a comparatively small price. Misa Selima Harris felt convinced that it waB a treasure, and to make sure against accident she set herself to tho work of tracing every sign and letter on it upon paper of equal, extent, 8be succeeded in making a fee similo of it, Her father died and the Udy took a house at Koumel Dyk, Alexandria. A few years ago an explosion occurred in tho house, which was reduced to fragments. Of its contents the two chief treasures alone escaped unhaimcd, the papy rus and Miss Selima herself. The great Egypt ian archmologist, M, Brngsch Bey, examined the papyruB and told the Khedive ot its great value, and tho Egyptian Government offered tiie sum of £2000 for it. But Miss Harris would not part with it. She brought it to England, when the British Museum pur chased it for a larger sum, and from that time to this Dr, Birch and hia corps of Egyptolo giBts havo been deciphering it, while scribe have been engaged in copying it. It has now been printed — in a sufficient number to supply the museums of Europe and ot America, if they want it — with acccmpaDying translation of the text, and learned notes thereon. It proves to be a complete record of the life and works o Rameses III, and a statement of the condition of things at Thebes three thousand years ago: Wo learq from it what tbe lhebans saw and beard at the church and what they had for dinner, shoh as fish, water-fowl, pigeons, oil, bread and wine. We are introduced to the beauties of liameses' harem. Much of the rtcord is remarkably realistic, but it is somewhat confusing to find that among these realistic portions is an account of how Ramcsea fil. went to hpil and there ployed draughts with Isis for ber golden kerchief, whioh he won, More over, the last five sections of the scxoll consist of an address — a sort of valedictory — utttercd from thesame region (Hades) hy the monarch, in which he recites the great victories he has achieved, tbe hundreds cf thousands of cattle he has bestowed on the tempicB, the elavcB be has presented to them, and im plores Ihem to be loyal to his mccessor, Rameses IV, Such a mixture of possible fact and certain fable may puzzle anyone who tries to bring actual history out of the papyrus ; but one thing stands out clear — the cliuiacterof Barneses himself. The half million head of cattle he claims to hare bestowed on the gods may be as mythical as his game of draughts with Isis, the Egyptian Proseipiuc, but whether in bell or on earth the Eulinnicselt-satisfaotion of Rameses III, is un questionable. There iB a statue ofGeorgelff Guild-hall, with an inscription placed there during his life-time by Aldermanic coui tiers, in which the characteristics of tho angel Gabriel are attributed to him, with a few of the sclectest attributes of the seven sagrs. I he poor King wns mad at the time and Englund wai ground under the heel of the Prime tcgent ; nevertheless, the true portrait cf the King and his times may be derived there- from by one who can read be tween the lines. When CaglioBtro was hold ing spiritual seances in Parish in the last cen- tiny, he one evening called up the spirit of M. D'Aiembert, the famous atheist and nuihorof tbo preface to the Encyclopedia. When this distinguished ghost wa9 invoked he was asked to depict "the other world," and he solemnly replied, "there is no other world," Tbe spiritualists of those days were asenaily satisfied then as now, and instead of- asking the atheist whore he came from if there be no olber world, they seem to- have regarded tbe reply as so- cmintnlly characteristic of tbe man tha skepticism was out of the question. The outside world fouod m it, too, a revela tion of truth — the truth concerning- Cagiiostro. And it ia hardly more than thi- we get from the returning ghosts of Barneses, or Agnmcmnon, or the Moabite Kings- History, if not, as Napoleon said, " a lie- agreed upon," seems to be mainly an in- fluence whose credibility depends on the servility of the historiographer and the imaginativeness of his latter commentators. A9 for the papyrus, the most credible parts are those that relate to Thcban viands and the - harems, for they very much resemble what may be found still in thesame regioo. The lale Charles Kingsley, while he held- the. Professorship of HiBtory at Cambridge, gave n lecture to a workingraen's eiub, in which he Baid he would advise them to study science chiefly — and not history. The more- be studied history, he said, the more difficult be found it to attain certainty concerning any fact whatever — whether it occurred or not, Whcreap, in science every fact might be verified ; it would occur again and again under the same circumstances. The bam- esea papyrus would seem to strengthen Kinsley's misgivings . On tho other hand, bis brother-in-law, Mr, Froudc, appears to think that the fact- that history may be tested equally with those of science— though be rejects the notion of a Science of History itself — by going on the principle that to-day is much, like yesterday, nature (human and other) substantially the same, and a fact to be tested by its con formity with every- day experience. Sol omon seems to have plagiarized from Froude bis theory that what has been will be, and there is nothing uow under the sun, 