THE CREEK. TO THE EDITOR OF THE MERCURY." BIB,-! would ask in the name of common-sense where is the use of squandering the taxpayer's money in cleaning out the creek, whilst thoughtless persons living on its banks are allowed to deposit therein all manner of filth and rubbish to the injury of their own and their neighbour's health. There are none more assiduous in this work than the inhabitants between Murray and Elizabeth street bridges, where pestiferous heaps may be seen again accumulating, although it is only a few days since a large sum was expended in cleaning out this section of this disease breeding locality, which is a standing disgrace to the city. There can be no excuse offered for this violation of the law, seeing that dirt carts go round every morning for the purpose of removing any accumulation of ashes, etc., that has taken place during the previous day on the various promises. I would here mention that it would he better if these carts would make their rounds at regular hours, that persons might know at what time to expect them. Sometimes they make their appearance a little after six, and at other times not until near eight o'clock. It can be no ornament to our principal thoroughfares to see them lined with boxes of dirt until breakfast time in the morning, causing many of our sensitive visitors to turn their eyes heavenward. I would suggest the desirability of the Health Officer and the City Inspector paying periodical visits to the locality indicated. They must surely be afraid of offending their olfactory nerves, for verily I have never seen the ghost of either one or the other paying a visit of inspection to the back slums, although I have lived some years in the neighbourhood. Occasionally one or other of the functionaries may be seen doing the dead march in Saul business in one of our front streets, merely to let their paymas- ters see that they are still in the flesh, and that they still require the necessary sustenance to keep them so. If you will kindly give insertion to my humble letter, and also use your pen to save us poor creekites from getting the cholera morbus, you will not only deserve our heartfelt thanks, but to be remembered in our prayers. Yours, etc, NOSEGAY. February 10th. . P.S. Is it an infringement of the law to allow water closets to empty themselves into the crook t If so, there is some work in store for those whose duty It is to BOO to it, and the sooner the better. 