CIjc WaUarao Chms. WAIiLATWjp; "WEDNESDATj JUNE 6, 1877. The Electoral Bolls are now closed, to ! Electors, aud we veuture to assert that there are many in this district whose names are not upon it, .a neglect which they will probably find cause. to regret at the time when the ensuing general elet-ticm comes, round.. In all prob ability, however, another opportunity will be afforded to them, and their eulp < ability will be greater - if they do hot avail themselves of it. The senior -member for the Peninsula^ Mr John Duncan, at the opening of Parliament put the question " Whether the Grovern ment could extend the time allowed for sending in applications from persons desirous of having their namies put on the Electoral Bolls," in reply jto which the Attorney-General requested^the Hon. Member to give notice, as he had not looked into the question. There wa.<, r.e *;iid a provision in the Electoral Act for having Courts of Revision at olht-r than the usual time. The Gover :»..r coai-J therefore appoint a Court' in'.. .S -|jteniyyr. text or any other time if . vmiught desirable. 'In thus acliiig, Mr Duncan has earned the gratitude -of all those who take an interest in the welfare of the colony, and more particu larly the thanks of this district. It may be Baid, and with truth, that numerically the Peninsula votes bear very favourable comparison with those of other. large districts, j)ut for all that it will not be denied thata proportion of three votes per I cent is not one on, which saeh a district as the Peninsula can congratulate itself and that out of a population of 20.500 there should be a far larger number than 597 who exercise their franchise, and cer tainly that, there should be a far larger number who place themselves in a posi tion so to do There is little doubt but that Jffir Duncan's motion has been prompted to a certaul' extent by these facts, and probably also bj the tardy in terest evinced in the matter by* portions of this district, and if successful in Ms j obiect. which no doubt he will, he will eg-j tablish a very strong claim in' the future to.the gratitude of Peninsula electors. It is moreover a step which should have a great effect upon those not enrolled, as . there will not remain the faintest shadow of an excuse, after this, 'for their not placing their names upon the Boll and thus finding themselves shut out in the cold at a time when the State will call* upon the people to constitute its own Grovernment of men whom they consider most competent for the position. It is hardly- necessary for us once more to dwell upon the necessity there exists for all electors to qualify, themselves, or upotl the duty which de volves upon them so io do. The matter has been fully and frequently agitated in this district, and we could advance no further arguments which would tend to break down the apathy which unfortun ately exists. Little by little the agitation of the matter has done good, but thereis tnuch more yet to be done, and it is evi dent that energetic action will be again re quired of those who have to hitherto come forward in its interests. Mr Duncan's ac tion will strengthen their hands, and they will be a' le to point put to the apathetic and neglectful that it would be a standing reproach that they should re tnain inactive after such action has been taken, in a great measure on their own behalf. We trust that the Peninsula will show that Mr Duncan's , Bfcep is appreciated andthatat the next el ection it will stand in the positioning large population entitles it to hold, and that to secure that end, those who have hitherto •exerted themselves tviH again come for ward. Before, another twelve mouth ©lapses a contest will take place which ■will be pregnant with interest to the Peninsula, and it is unnecessary to point out tlae desirableness of every elector being aMe to grant his vote in order that, «of the various candidates who present themselves for the suffrages of the Penin sula, those who enjoy the larger portion of public favour, and therefore presum ably the most competent, will be re turned to Parliament to further its inter ests. • And if any of them do so as judiciously as.Mv Duncan, the Pen iusula will have cause to Congratulate itself oh its choice. Mr Duncan has evidently been following the phase of events on the Peninsula, and has availed himself of the earliest opportunity to move in its behalf, which is, as we have said, a claim to its -gratitude which should, at some, future date, manifest itself in his interests. The telegraphic intelligence which reached us on the 4th instant, that a motion had been made in the New South Wales Assembly to reduce the estimate for Immigration for the current year by one half, h4s induced us to peruse the debate on the subject which now reaches us in concised form, in the columns of the Sydney Mail. The particular amount which it is! sought to reduce does 'not concern us^ but .we -may mention to re- j fresh our readers memory, that it fis, as ] stated in the telegram, £100,000. Our object was to ascertain upon what grounds the motion was based, whether from motives of economy or otherwise, and we [ now find the basis of' the argument against the grant of the larger sum of money to, have been a theory that im migration on so large a ecale would merely benefit capitalists' and others at the expense of the whole community by j cheapening labour. As we have said, j tlie amount of the grant does not concern J us, nor are we indeed in a position to form any opinion as to its propriety or^ "otherwise were we so inclined. It is the principle which runs through the objec tion to the grant which attracts our at tention, and with which we feel ourselves compelled to express our dissent. That immigration reduces the price of labour to a low ebb is a fallacy which unfortun ately fines too many advocates in those who do not give heed to the requirements of the morrow,. and who are blind to their interests because they conceive them to be temporarily threatened, and the many who holds this view naturally find many influential representatives from motives of policy, or love of place; although it is absolutely absurd to apply such a theory to a country as yet in its infancy, with, immense resources undeveloped : a; "remark which applies- with perhaps greater forcb to this colony. No doubt an injudicious system of immigration has a depressing effect upon the labour market, and we do not need to look far from home for a practical illustration of this. We do not, however, propose here to refer to the mismanagement of our Go vernment in this particular during the passed year; that will ere long be mooted in Parliament. Tbe Opposition has "sounded the warpipe and sent round the fiery cross" and we may expect shortly to hear of animated and excited debates on the point. "We cannot, how ever, allow, to pass unchallenged the dangerous theme tbat immigration cheapens labour. In the true sense of the word it does not, although in the long ran it has a healthy levelling operation, as in all cases where demand is met by supply. Hurried immigration may cheapen labour, but a. judicious introduction of immigrants can never do so. "When a country has large tracts of land un touched by the plough, of some of which it can be truly said " tickle them with a hoe and they will laugh with a har vest large mineral resources unde veloped, and all its industries as yet in the bud, it is not only incorrect but absolutely ridiculous to argue that immi gration can reduce the price of labor to an uudue ebb. To enable the price of labor" permanently' to maintain a proper fevel it is necessary that the industries it supports should extend and be made re productive. The more the resources of a country are developed arid strengthened the better able it will be to pay a fair price for labour. These arguments are of course based on an assumption that the flow of immigrants is Tegular and judiciously controlled; to bring batch after batch of immigrants into the colony one after an )tber at a bad seasoa <Fhgn com merce is stagnated, operates disas trously in a hundred ways, and merely gives a. handle to the advocates of the theory to which we take exception, to illustrate its truth irregardlgss or ob livious of the fact that injudicious jnj migi'ation is not the immigration which is advocated for young countries by poli tical economists, jjjst as bad law is no law. These may be trite arguments but they are none the less true, and they are more-! over the only ones with which so fallacious ! a theory that immigration cheapens labor can be met. 1 In another column we publish a report of a meeting held at Roolunga, (which we abridge from'the 'Register,) to consider the advisable pess of promoting the extension of the Fort Broughton Tramway as far as Koolunga, yia Coliiusfield- From this it will be seen that four schemes were advocated ; tlie line above referred to, extensions from the Crystal Brook and Blyth's Plains lines, and an exten from the Barunga Gap to Koolunga. The first of these seems to have found most-favor with those present at the meeting. It is quite evident that of these four the Port Broughton and Barunga liues are the only two at all worthy of consideration, or likely to be con structed. And on comparing the relative merits of these lines impartially, and the benefit which would accrue from tliem to the farmers in the Hundred of Koolunga and its vicinity, we cannot but come to the conclusion that the line proposed from Koolunga to the Barunga Gap is by far the better of the two. This is clearly shewn even by the information which was before the meeting, and the only real argument we can perceive in favor of the Port Brougbton Line is that out of the 22 miles of rail it would involve, 10 are already constructed; a consideration which is not to be balanced against the interests and welfare of a community, and indirectly that of the colony. As sea ports, Port Wallaroo and Port Broughton'are not to be compared. We learn from Mr Wall's speech that the depth of water at Port Brougbton is 14 feet at high water mark and 6 feet at low; ibatt here were 17 mudbahks in the creek, 6 of which have been removed, thus clearing the channel to the extent of about a mile, that the steam dredge was to arrive from"Port Pirie on the completion of its work at that Port, and that £2,000 bad been granted for improving Port Broughton. On this eminently satisfactory state of affairs, according to which it is evident at least two years must elapse before the channcl is entirely cleared, Mr Wall pro nounces an opinion that Port Broughton will be a first class shipping place. Port Wallaroo on the other hand, has the finest natural harbor in the colony next to the land locked and picturesque one of Port Lincoln, and can accommodate alongside a capacious jetty ves sels of the largest draught. The distance from Koolunga to Port Wallaroo via Barunga is certainly double that from Koolunga to Port Broughton, and^it is possible that the cost of railway carriage ta the former Port would be | as great as toe united expense or railway carriage to Port Broughton and lighterage at that Port, but even this we venture somewhat to doubt. The cost of removal from rail way carriage to lighter is a hot insignificant item of the expense such a line would entail. The main point which leads ua to the conclu-/ sion that the'line to Port Wallaroo would'.be the most beneficial to farmers at Koolunga, is^ that they would undesirably find, a better market for their produce at this Port, and as Mr Schinnack said tbey would certainly find one for dairy and other produce. That it is an iincomparably superior shipping place is in itself an almost suffiicient argument in favor of the line to the Barunga Gap, in addit ion to the fact that the reproductiveness of the latter would thereby be materially increased. The statement which we published in our last issue, that the G-overnment were about to apply to have the Volunteer Actamended so as to allow of 2000 Volunteers being enrolled instead of 1000, is if true, a measure .which will give some satisfaction, but at the same time a great deal of dissatisfaction. Up to the present time Wallaroo andGladstone have been the only districts which have expressed their opinion concerning the inadequacy of the scheme at present proposed by .Govern ment, but that opinion is shared by , all dis tricts, and will no doubt apply-equally to the increased number they now seek to substitute. A force of two thousand men, is no doubt a better one for the colony than the smaller force, but after all it is just as little suited to the requirements of the colony. It is a matter of surprise that the Government naving apparently seen tne iuiuiiy 01 xne | former scheme should not be equally alive j to the futility of the later one, and further more proves that the Government are not so i anxious to accede to the wishes of the people as they would wish tb«m to believe. When remonstrances were first raised to the Go vernment that this colony ought not to be allowed to remain longer in an entirely de- ' fenceless state, the Government pretended to j have forestalled the public desire by issuing the memorable proclamation—of which, by ! the way, it was said that nothing was known j at the armoury, for some few. .days .after publication—and impliedly sheltered tl^era- j selves anfler the Act against any objections which might be raised to the very com pr e- J hension scheme it permitted. In applying for its amendment by the duplication of the j number of volunteers it sanctions, the Go vernment are acting presumably upon' { their own judgment, and have no possible j plea under which to shelter themselves. We trust', however, that so half hearted a mea sure will not be assented to in the House, and | j that the figures will be raised to at least 4000, j | a force which can be raised in the colony ! without'the slightest difficulty. And, in or der that this may be brought about, the peo ple should bestir themselves a little, and urge upon the members of the various districts to advocate this enlargement of the scheme. It is a matter in which the Peninsula has al ready taken action in a manner which re dounds to its credit, and the residents of this I district should not allow their energy to drop at what we may term a critical point. If a I more general opinion were expressed in this j district, and resolutions were forwarded to , j its members, we feel sure the scheme would , j not drop thiough at all events for want of ! adpojeiujy. . It the Government carry their point, and aU<iw only 2000 volunteers to be, I enrolled, the result vpJU be just as unsatisfac tory as it would have bega wndgrthe previous scheme. As we have previously remarked, the expense should not be taken iuto - coo? side ration. 4- petition to tho Government praying that the prisoner Charles Streetman, now awaiting hia trial for the murder of the late Robert Woodhead, may be leniently dealt vitb, in consideration of his wife and children, is being circulated for signature. yVe have received a copy of the first issue of the vAustralian Star" a newly weekly paper published in Adelaide by Mr Allendale G-rainger. Its price is low, and tiie Editor introduces fea tures novel to the press of this cology, amongst' them an " Exchange Column." 4 telegram was received on 1st June from Mif A. C, reports, having visited the scene of tfae wreck off ha brig Emily Smith on Tuesday last. The spot is one mile south of the Hockey .River beach, in the yieinifcy of whjcli the rocks were strewed with wreckage, wool, and sheepskins. He saw the bodies of a white man and woman close together. The female was about $ye feet four inches, and elightly built; the right arm was cat pfi at the elbow, and there was a wedding ring on the hft hand. The man was the same height, hut stout $ jtfce Iiead was servered from the body by all but a piece of skin. The eea coming in prevented further search. To-morrow, (Thursday) 7th June, the Commis sioner of Public Works will submit a bill to the Assembly to authorise the construction of a rail way from Hamley Bridge to Balaklava. The Green's Plains District Council have de cided that the salary to be given to their In spector of Works shall be £30 per annum. The memorial to the Government for the mitigation of the sentence of the lad Peter Bar bary has been forwarded, upwards of a thousand signatures being appended to it. A reply has been received from the Post master General to the Petition praying that the position of the Cross Roads Post Office might be changed, refusing to comply with the requset, but stating that henceforth it will be called thfi " Uorth Telta " Post Office. We have received the returns of the Wallaroo Hospital for the past month, from which it will be seen that it maintains its number of indoor patients* Ten patients were admitted during the month, and there are now 19 in hospital. In that period 8 were discharged, and 3 died. A public meeting is to be held shortly "at Green's Plains to consider the action of the Go vernment in withdrawing the late main road from the schedule, as it is thought that the Go vernment is throwing a tax upon ths ratepayers which they ought not to bear. Other matters of public interest will also be taken into considera tion- ,, The date on which it is to be held is not yet fixed.; ,■ For the last few weeks shipping business has been unusually dull in Wallaroo. With the exception of the coasting craft and t he steamers, there lta^e been no ships in harbon? for the last three weeks, a state ol affairs which has not been seen for many years. It is presumed the Black Diamond lines are not bringing in their usual cargoes of coal in consequence of the stoppage of tribute workings at the Wallaroo Mines. A girl named Mary Smith, employed at the Cornucopia Hotel, Wallaroo, had a narrow es cape on Saturday evening last, June 2. It ap- j pears she was taking in some clothes, and in doing sot walked over a tank, the top of which being rotten gave way under her. She threw lierself back, and just escaped being precipitated into Hie tank, which is a deep one, but did not 4uite cte&r; it, her feet being in the water. She held (hi to the'side, and ;some people, attracted by her screams, came to her assistance, and res cuedher from her unpleasant situation. The next Criminal Sittings of the Supreme Court will commence on Tuesday, the 12th Juue. There are forty five cases on the list, which con tains three for manslaughter, and oae for murder, this latter that of Charles Streetman, whose name stands last on the list published, and will be heard on Friday 22nd instant, according to the present arrangements. The only other case from the Peninsula is that of Maria Smith charged with larceny, which will be heard on the 12th instant. From Port Wakefield there are two cases, the first that of Alfred Mor rison for forgery, and that of Cornelius John Hol land, obtaining money under false pretences. Since the last was published, Mr T. Xing, M.P., the proprietor of the Advertiser has b&en; commit ted .jo trial on a charge of libel. ... Up to a late hour last night no tidings had been received of the young man, Henry WoodB, who strayed away from home on the 31st ultimo.. Every day since large parties of horsemen have been scouring the bush in all directions, but witnout success. On Sunday last, 3rd instant, it was reported' that lie had been seen near Port Wakefield by a man named George Hare, em ployed on the Railway Works. P.C. Smith promptly telegraphed to Port Wakefield, but was informed that he had not arrived there. It is believed he ie making his way to Watervale, at which place he was formerly at school. A public meeting convened by his Worship the Mayor of Eadiaa, {John G-askel! Esq.,) will be held at the Kadina Hall, this evenin to consider the desirability of urging npon the Government to. proceed at once with the construction of the Barunga Railway, and the Burvey of Peela Weela. -As several residents in Wallaroo have expressed a desire to be present a special 'bus will leave fctr,-,£adina at 7 o'clock returning after the meeting. The importance of the subjects for con -sideration should command a good attendance. It is time the Government bestired themselves in the matter of the Barunga Railway, more es pecially now that the stoppage of tribute workings on the Wallaroo Mine have thrown many out of employ, and their numbers will be swelled ere the current month expires unless copper take a rise. The evidence for the prosecution in the libel case against Mr Thomas King, publisher of the South Australian Advertiser, was concluded be fore Mr S. Beddome, P.M., at the City Police Court, on Saturday, 3 une 2. The original bill of costs was put in, showing that the actual amount taxed off was £143; and Mr Cullen stated in evidence that the costs were reduced to £300 by counter costs as well as taxation. Mr W. Ville nueye Smith also volunteered evidence to the ef febt that at a prearranged' interview he had with the defendant the latter xefused to ' disclose the name of the author of the libellous article. With this the case for the prosecution was closed. Mr Boucaut then quoted from " Folkard on Libel" to show that the practice was tor a Jury to decide as to the sufficiency or otherwise of the justification for the publication, and asked Bis Worship if he had decided upon what course hp would pursue. His Worship replied that he had made up his mind to send on the case, whereupon the learned counsel said he should not call any evidence, and he would say nothing. In answer po the usual question as to whether he had any thing to say, the defendant made a statement to the effect that £e was pepfeetly satisfied with w.hat his Editor, Mr Stow, had done in the matter. He emphatically denied that he was in the slightest degree influenced by feelings of malice or any improper motive; on the contrary it wag spith great regret that he felt compelled to publish anything uppleasant regarding Messrs Cullen a:i(l W;«ley ; and it was only " from a sense oC duty as a journalist, feeling that he shoul i fail in his duties if he refrained from cal? |ing attention to what he considered, and still considered, to he pondueb of a reprehensible character, calculated gr<fotly to shake the confi dence of the public in the administration of the law," that he caused the article to be published. The defendant was then formally committed to take his trial at the next Criminal Sittings, bail being granted in defendant's personal surety for £100 and two sureties in £50 each. We hare received a copy of Mr eW. Bennett Hnll's report on the Yorke's Peninsula Water Supply, a very bulky and apparently carefully compiled document, which demands considera tion. We have received from Messrs William Col lins, Sons & Co., Sydney, a very neatly got np colored map of the seat of the Russo-Turkish war,.with descriptive notice. It is published in a very handy form, and its very low price sus pense places it within the reach of all. We hare received a plan shewing the respective miles of the proposed lines of Railway from Fort Wakefield to Salisbury, and from Balaklava Bridge, which are accompanied by nine reasons why the latter should be made, and eight reasons why the former should not be made. A letter has been received by his Worship the Mayor of Wal'aroo, (Eneder Warmington Esq.,) from Mr B,. B. Smith, Secretary to the Mallala Railway Committee, requesting that a deputation from this town might waitupon the Com., of Public Works (Hon J. Col ton) on the 14th cur rent, to advocate the construction of a line of railway from Port Wakefield to Salisbury. A further suggestion was made that A member from each deputation should meet at the Exchange, Adelaide, on the 13th current, to com Dare mem orials, arrangements. The Committee appointed at the meeting on the subject recently held in Wallaroo, have however replied that in as much as they have already forwarded a memorial to the House of Assembly they do not consider any fur ther action to be necessary for the time being. Tenders were invited for fire contracts for tutwork on the Wallaroo Mines, on the 4th instant, at the following places, viz .—Taylor's shaft, 110 level 40 fms east, and 40 west; 100 level, 35 fms. east; Elder's shaft, 100 level, 40 fms. west; Home shaft, 90 level, 35 fms. west; each, contract requiring six men. It was also notified that the tribators. whose " takes" does not expire until the end of June would be allowed to tender for tutwork also. The tenders received were opened yesterday, June 5, and those for three contracts out of the fiye were accepted— viz., Elder's shaft, 100 level, 40 fms. west; Tay lor's shaft, 110 level, 40 fms. west; and 100 fms. leyei, 35 fms. east. The tenders received fo* the other contracts were informal, and they will ac cordingly be readvertised, but we understand, will be offered at a less stent. A notice inviting tenders for two freBh contracts was posted yester day, 5th June, viz., to sink Home's shaft 15 fms. below the 90 fm. level, (this will take 9 men), and to driver crosscnt north of the 150 fins, level at Hughe's shaft to cut Milne's load. The Service of Song " Eva " was held at the Institute Hall, Wallaroo, for the first time in this town, on Tuesday evening, Jane 5' by the mem bers of the choir of the Primitive Methodist Church Kadina. The hall was crowded, and the Service, was yery succeesful and |greatly appreci ated. Mr J. Bickard acted as conductor, and. the reodings were delivered by the Rev. J. Q-, Wright. The singing was excellent, and the time thoroughly good, the whole reflecting great credit on all who took part in it, and showed the careful training they had been subjected to. We would however rental^ to suggest that in future | occasions the trebles (in dhildren^ should , be j placed in front, and the men and instruments be-' j hind, as otherwise the trebles are drowned, and | the music is consequently heavy. We are much pleased to learn that the ex periment made by Mr John I/loyd, in opening an evening school at Wallaroo, has been very suc cessful. It was opened on Monday, 21st May, and already numbers fifty-seven pupils. Only those between the age of thirteen and twenty-six are admitted. The classes 'commence at 7 o'clock every evening. From an advertisement in another column; it: will be seen that the promoters of the South Burra Mine invite the attendance of those willing to work on tribute, at a meeting to be held at the Kadina Hall, on Saturday next, June 9, at 7 p.m. We are informed on good authority that three shafts have been sunk on this property, and that weU defined lodes have been cat in each . Samples of the ore are to be seen at our Kadina oj&ce.; In persuance of request made to us; we have applied to the Surveyor-General for copies of the plans of the surveyed suburban lands near Kadina, and learn by telegraph that they will not be ready before Thursday or Friday, when they will be forward. We are glad to learn that this operations at the Doora Mine are to be prosecuted with energy. As our readers are probably aware the mine has only been worked at the upper levels of late, but we learn that the water in the shaft has been 'forked' to the 70 fm. level, and that the men have commenced to drive a crosscut, which it is expected will have to be driven some 7 or 8 fms. to cut the lode. It is thought, however, that if the shaft were sank another 10 fms. the country would become more settled and the lode would be met. This work will probably be undertaken and let by contract in the same manner as at the Wallaroo Mines, and will provide employment for a good many tributers. We are much pleased to hear of this opportune recommencement of operations. A ghost has made its appearance in the district of Bellarine, in Yicfcoria. The Geelong Advertiser says:—" A well-known resident, on returning home from Portarlington a few evenings ago, somewhere in the small hours, saw as he approached his residence what to bin* appeared to be the figure of a woman in an erept attitude but'motionless. Bound the head of the spirit was a dime halo, which looked supernatural, and the features bore a strong resemblance to those of a young lady of the district, who, unfortunately for £ha advocates of spiritism, is still living. With the courage of his r$C0 he made towards her spiritship, and was about to ask the reason of bo late a visit, when to his amazement the figure proved to be a ' Walker,' for it soon disappeared with lightning speed across the onion fields into utter darkness. The onion grower, on seeing this, took to his heels, and was soon safe inside a bolted door, but so overcome was he with fright that he swooned away—a circumstance tfyat to him never occurred before. The ghost has caused great ex citement in the locality. A watch will no doubt be instituted, and very likely some medium will be introduced in order to ascertain, if possible, the object of this visit from the spirit land. The lady whom the figure resembled has become very serious, and the superstitious expect something awful to happen at Bellarine shortly." The Register says t—" To show the state of the road between Sfcansbury andGum l?lat we have been informed that on Wednesday last May 30 tvo bullock-drays started from Minlaton with a load of twenty-five bags of wheat. Afterproceeding a short distance the road was eo bad that eighteen bul looka had to be attached to one dray with fifteen bags in it, and in this manner the wheat was con veyed to Stansbury. It is rumoured that prospecting will be under taken on the Walleroo Mines,at a place discovered by Mr H. R. Hancock, superintendent, some time ago, between the Manager's House and the Home Shaft. The steam whim will also be commenced, which will, we understand, consider ably reduce the working expenses. We hare received & copy of the Australian Edition of that very popularlittle work, " Helen's Babies," published by Messrs E. S. Wigg & Son, Adelaide. It has already had an enormouB sale in England and America, having run through six editions. It is a very charming little* book, and written withgreat freshness and spirit. It is a work that will be much liked by those who are fond of studying children and their ways, and also to the little ones themselves. The author is Mr John Habberfcon, a new writer.. One of the original of the" babies/' " Little "Toddie," Charles Burnham. Habberton, died subsequently to the publication of the work, and some verv touching " In Memoriam" Terses are apprended to it. The Newcastle Daily Pilot givesthe following account of an adventure at Messrs .Coper, and. Bailey'e Circus in that town, on. the 23rd' May. Soon after the lights had beenlit, and entrance opened, the company began to etreamin. About one thonsand had gained admission, and' were wandering around. the bigtent admiring the zo ological collection, when Mr Bailey saw that the wind wasraising so rapidly that a crowd could' not assemble with safety, jle therefore requested his visitors to withdraw and receive their money at the pay office. Not discerning thedanger, they objected, but as there was evidently a gale, coming on, he became^ imperative. Of coarse he knew what dacger Was being chanced belter than his visitors. He ordered his mento stretch a rope across the tent so as to form a cordon by means of which the people should be compelled to seek the entrance. Fortunately, he managed to get the tent clear. Scarcely had he succeeded to do so when he became awarotliat the tentmuBt go and the fastenings were ordered to be loosened and the supports removed. ; Before that oould be effected the gale struck the tent twice and 1 he mon ster mass of canvas, that was estimated to be worth about £3000; wasforcibly carried away and«plit and torn into fractions. ' Then ensued a scene of confusion. Fortunately the main staff were on the ground and each man at his place. "The gala tamed over tbe cage containing the two magni ficent lions, and the spring' lock, fastenings, ordinarily so safe. ,gave way. The, lion was half way out of the cage in a moment and in another second he and the lioness would have been at liberty, face to face with a frightened confused crowd of over a thousand person^. Fortunately the keeper was there, and no sooner did the lion's head emerge than. Johnson- Struck him a heavy blow with a club. The brute atonce draw back, ■and the keeper threw himself on the door, which at once shut to with its usual sharp enap/ But quiekjand timely as the actiunhad besn^'thejun when struck, threw oat his daw, and this came down on this beeper's arm, tearing through, his heavyclothing, and causingthe warmbloodtoflow. This, indeed, was a narrow escape. Had the two. lions escaped, and. the terrified crowd ran away,: the probability is that there would have been rome accidents. Johnson, the keeper, has great power over the lions in the cage, and cauventure to them, but what hie power would hare been worti. had they been out we can easily guess, Ari6tt>§r feature „ almost borders on the ludicrous. The split' and torn canvass enveloped, a: baby elephant, and;he was taken away several yards by the force of the gust. He commenced to howl,1 andi thfe -ohorus was taken up by another of the large' elephants. This was wuming to the crowd that it was time to clear away. :The management of the company suffers heavily by the rent and damaged tent, but had the gust come on when several thousand-per sons were in the circus, there mast have been loss of life. The company travels with a double set of canvass, so it will go on to Maitland as if there had been nothing the matter. The following is a copy of the notice which, the Directors of the' Wallaroo Mines have issued to the workmen:—"It is with much regret that the announcement is made to the workmen of the Wallaroo Mines, that for some time operations have been carried on at considerable loss to. the proprietors, the price received for ore not return ing to them the wages paid for raising it. This state of affairs the Directors cannot be cxpected to perpetuate. They purpose therefore to dis continue raising ore for the present from, the tribute pitches, and only to open the mine for effective operations in the future by carrying on tutwork. These charigeBmll necessarily cause Iobs of employment to some of the workmen j but that they may not press unfairly upon any of the employes, it iB proposed to offer tutwork bargains by tender to all the-men of the mine (including tributers -whose take'will not expire until the end of June) in the same way as is practised at the Moonta Mines. It is hoped that this partial suspension of operations will ng£ be of long duration, but th$t ^hppripe of copper will sufficiently- advance to -warrant the resum ption of work on an extended scale, when the old hands will hare the first offer of work. By order of the Board, H, B. Hancock, Superintendent, Wallaroo Mines, May 30,1877." Under the heading "unhonored dead," thp Border Watch writes as follows" It is pro? bably not generally known that the bodies of the three men wllich were washed ashore from the unfortunate ship G-eltwood lie buried on the' beach in the -vicinity of the spot where the wreck took place. And. but that some gentlemen, present at the funeral ceremonies on the first body found, placed at the head of the grave a piece of broken spar nothing could now possU)ly iftdjcatQ their last resting place. Who is responsible this unceremooious, not to say unfeeling mbde of disposing of our dead countrymen, we do not know. Bat we think it was altogether a most heartless proceeding to bury them uncoffined, as a correspondent suggests," like dogs, in the drift ing sand," especially as the place is within tea miles of a Christian burial ground. The Wallaroo Pablic School is rapidly pro gressing. The teachers residence has alreadv been completed, and the sohool building itself is far advanced. It is expected the whole will be completed by the end of Augast, or about a month before (he expiry of the contract time. The contractor (Mr T. £>. Heath) deserves credit . for this energy. From a Memorandum showing progress of hew Railway Works, received amongst other Parliamentary papers, we notice that it is ex pected that the line from Port Wakefield to Kadina will be opened by the end of March next. The delay that has occurred in the surrey of the Peela Weela land is ascribed to the con centration of nearly all theji Srveyors on the Barunga Gap Line. The Sydney Mail says:—"Someaccounfc of the Bossian Ardiy in Bessarabia is given by the ^Examifier, It is based, says our contemporary,, "on information from a trustworthy observer who has just returned from the spot, aud who has been there since the mobilization began. He estimates the nnmber of the troops at 140,000 but nothing is more difficult than to estimate the \- number of each large masses'of troops, and ir. will be seen from, the details supplied to us that he has conducted his observation with unusual \- care. Although he estimates the troopp, at 140,000, he notes the artillery and the stores are out of proportion to that number, and judges \- fchat'the Russian commanders are calculating upon . ''having 300,000 men at th^ir disposal; whether it is their plan to draw more men rr6m Russia or to incorporate troops £om . RoumaniaandSeryia ' when the advance is begun. It u noteworthy, also, that strategi^l centres haye been ^tablisbedin J^amania,«^ngem§cisliaviDg t^iTmaHefdrthe reception of 80,000 men at Galatz, Buraz, and Kalaraslii. . 