A (ji:!-.i';i: couiltsh!'. fat know li ov i', is in a h tt.r (began '.lie Hit!,: shop keep r. rubbing bur thin bands to- aether helplessly). I was writing to brother Jo-hnu away down K ist, hundreds of miles ,1"IU acre, anil i. .tppeiieu to tell liiui, among other tilings, that thu widow lady that helped t,-.i<:i-. school here, aud boarded with me, was going away. 1 didn't, say a word oue way or ill" other about Mr. Steele, lor what did ir mat ter to them whether he was a tyrant or Mot ' 1 only wanted to tell thorn I'd been at a good deal of expeuse in lilting up tho room, and I didn't miud lier board money bo much ns did to iiftve Uio chamber idlo again, ami uobocy About the house but myself, though she was poor company at tbe beBt, being sick.v iu coustitutiou and low in spirits the most of the lime, and after s while nenrly driven crazy by tue continual badgering and bickering ot .Mr. Steele. She used to come lion.e ,.t uigia that worn out, what with the wickedness .if tho children aud .the eternal (lagging ot i tie school-master, that I've seen lu-r put her i.c id down on thu table and cry lh.io -leak her Iiii.tr t . Sue said sho couldn't pi.-a-e hint, do what she might, aud it was ruining tier nur.es to see htm beat the hoys' iu the way mat bu did. Sh« was sure he'd break some uf tiiutr bones. I tried to cheer her as best I could, lelliug her that bnya' boms were tough, and the little rascals deserved to bo paid up for some of their deviltry. After .ui.hour or two she'd come around again and be comfortable, but, la me ! what was the use f Tile next day, perhaps, she'd be worse than ever, aud the creature's health began to fail so, I was glad when she gave up and went away. She was verydown- hearted, S.mi Htley, the stago- driver, said, all Hie way down to tlio train, and he gave it aa his opiuion that Mr. Steele was no better than a black-hearted tyrant. Sim is such a good- natured fellow that it quite wore upon his miud, aud he stopped a na with me on his way to the evening train to talk it over. I wanted him to get some i,.tlojiliings for me at Pikevillo, and while I was making out the memorandum, Sam told me how ho pitied whatever poor body was to tako tiiat pour creature's place. \ ou can just fancy how I felt when Sam drove up to the doar that night, and 1 went out to get i ne package, to see brother losbua's daughter Jemima on the seat with Sam, chatting and laughing away as merry as a cricket. I was powerful glad to see tho child, but dreadfully m irtitied to find her tucked in there with the driver. I told Sim pretty sharply that he ought to know better, fur their wus plenty of room inside, and I dido t know what the boarders over the way would think of it. " She was bound to ride outside," said Sam ; " and a wilful woman must have her way." " Why, its all the fashion up our way," said 111 uio. " Tiie summer boarders swarm hII over the tops of the coaches like bo mauy lively bees ; but if it hurts anybody's feel ings, I'm Borry. A school inarm muBt mind her p'a aud q's." "A school-marm ?" I said, wondering what the child meant. Then she told mo she'd come out to take that poor little woman's place; that she'd written to Mr. Steele as soon as my letter was read at homo, for sho couldn't got along at the school there. " It would take a saint to put up with their airs and thoir interference, and you know I like to havo my own way," said my niece Jemiua. " Yes," 1 said, for I Lad known Mime's temper fiuiu a child. Any body could see fr,,m her luiir how fiory she was; but the dear child wn- just as the good Lord bad soon lit to mako lier, and I, for one, never hold red-haired people accountable for freaks of temper. Only you eau see how ridiculous it seemed tome tui bur to tench under Mr. Steele. " Out of the frying-pan into tbe fire, Mime," I said. " Tbe Bcliuul-master bus it till bis own way bote, aud he's little belter than n brute. I've seen under my own eyes a woman's heart almost, brok.n with liim." Then I wont oil to tell bow he'd tormented that poor widow woman iuto giviDg up the place, und how I'd seen her worry and fret till the skin f'tiriy dropped oil lier bones. ' Tooli ! poob !" said my uieeo ; " the skin won't drop oil naj bones, aunty." And I couldn't help thinking what a pity- it would be if it did, for whiter aud liner uud wliolesonier skin I never did see. It was the kind that so often eomos with red hair, aud n lovelier colour never was in a bloBBom than bloomed iu Mime's cheek when sbo cried out, " I'vo got to light it ont somewhere, aunty; let him mind his own business, aud I'll mind miiio !" My heart fairly warmed to tho girl as sbo sal opposite me at the table, crunching slice after -lice of toast between her white teeta, and devouring tbe dainties ono by oue. The little widow had been so finicky, and I had such a pour appotito my tell, that things came rnd went upon the table, and were warmed up and fused over till a body got tired of seeing them. Then she was my own llesli hiiiI I, loud, and had the Schoonmaker nose, a little high with Mime, and freckled uver the bridge n bh, bu', she was a bonny, blithe, lreeh-1, inking creature, so different from th.. wretched little woman that had just gone awsy. I couldn't bear the thoughts of her Bpirits and h> altii being broken by that dreadful Mr. Steele. " I'll tell you, Miine," I said, as she dried tbe di-lieB for me, " what we'll do. Y,.u -ball stay at home with me and help about the -hop ; there's bonnets now and then to trim, and lots of little knicknacks iu worsted- work lo be made " "Now, auuty," said Mime, "a bufialo would be less clumsy ut trimmiDg a bonnet, iln.u I would, and kb for worsted-work — '' " 1 suppose so," I said, for I could see slit: was determined to teach. Tiie next morning she went to school, and for a month or ao everything weut right, and I didn't hear a word of complaint from her. .Sue made it:u enough of the Bchool-iuaBter, and s.ii,i no didn't know how to inauage tbo nnye, and made himself more trouble than was necessary ; that a coaxing word of hers went, f attier than a dozen slashes with that rod of his ; but everyone had their own way, aud it was nun.: of her business. She was getting; along splendidly, and the smaller liil Iren were quite delighted with a way »he h id of picturing out things ou the black- board. Miuie w...s quite ready with her pencil, and had tnad.i us laugh, Uain lhley aud mo, many n time by -crawling off fuuny conceits on paptr. Shu Kily began to drop in at night, aud 1 noticed ho was quite taken with Mime. Ham wus well to do, and, outside of bis lino of stages, owned a fine houao down on the main road. Sam didn't triind being hit oil" himself once in a v.bilc— liiui and Ilia horses and passenger- ami all ; he used to sit back in bis chair and laugh till the tears rolled down liis cheek-, ami look over at me, wink ing and blinking, and whispering, under bia breath, what a wonderful tvoinnn she wac " .She's as fresa and liaudaumH as a rose," lie tvunid s.y when Mime was out of thu room ; "and what health sho's got, aud what spirits !" 1 could -ei: bow Ihiugs v.-ore goiug. D -ar ! dear ! i lis. d to sit and picture it till out t,. myself, and Him.; how nice it would be In have Mime settled near mo for life. S i when she cainc home oue afternoon from school, with a Uiigtit spot uurmug ou eitln r chock, uu angry llamo tu her eyes, and said to me that war h id beguu between her and Mr. Steele, I didn't so much mind, for 1 (hough, i'ne sooner she got discouraged the better. Sun was well oil to thirty, aim though Mime's skin made her i.-ok y.iungi i than sho was, thero wasn't so much dilfoi- enco as jun'd think betw. en their ages. ' lie's forbidden my illustrations ou tbe black board, utility," suid Mime ; und though I didn't know one bit of board from another, I could see by the way she felc ubout it that it wub a great spito to Mimo "Ho calls them pernicious aud exciting to the imagina tion, und injurious to more practical require ments," said Jemima. And I couldn't quite gut the hang of liis objections, for every word of tlio school master's was as loug us tho moral law, but I could toll it was somo imposilioti of liis. " He's a narrow-minded idiot, ami I .-lia'.l tell liim so il ho persists iu this notion," said Miine. "If he persists," I said, "you'd hotter give it. u;,. lie' iso set iu bis way, there's no use e.os-ing liiui." " I won't lot him eross me," said Mimn, and she didn't,. Sbo went ou with her pictures on the blackboard for n full week. or more, till ono night there wns a rap at the sitting-room door, and it gave mu quito a turn to see tbo long bony figure of the scho 1 muster standing on the threshold. Mime started up, a hot colour leaping into her face, and stood thero confronting him like a young Je'/.ebel. The mau looked pale enough himself, sink ing into the chair I set for him aa if he was quite warn aud spent like, aud he seemed beat out in some way; for though he fixed his eyes savagely ,,n Mime, there was some thing in 'em that looked tired and hunted. " I have come here to remonstrate with your niece, madam," lie said to me, " though I've found it of very little use and profit heretofore; but however capable and efficient be may be, and however judicious it may seem to retain h.-r services, her spirit of in subordination is too dangerous an example to the naturally rebellious and headstrong temperament of youth. She must confine herself Btricly to tho rules that govern the method of instruction. The trustees — " " Don't pnt it on the trustees," broke in Mime ; and I was glad she took it upon her- self to answer him, for I couldn't make out head or tail of what he was saying, what with his long words aud the. fluster I was in. " The trustees are mere lay figures for you to dress your petty schemes of conceit and tyranny upon." He waved his hnnd impatiently, and weut on : " It is the will of the trustees that you shall put aside the puerile aud reprehensible course you have taken in exciting the imagination aud creating frivolous and mischievous emotions. The pursuits of my own class have been interrupted, their atten tion distracted — " " Why don't your class mind their own business ?" said Mime. " Why do you look at me.J.ir listen to me, or bother with me at all ? It iB not your class that is disturbed, Mr. Steele, it is you." The school-master's face suddenly reddened, then grew paler than before ; be wiped tbe perspiration from his loug high forehead, and his bony fingers actually trembled on bis knees. I don't wonder he was mad, for Mime went on in the moat outrageous way. Her spunk wus' up, aud she wasn't a bit afraid of him. " You can't bear to Bee knowledge mado easy and pleasant," she said. " You'd like to knock every new idea into the brain with a sledge-hammer ; you hate to look over at tho children and me, and see us making light of our task — it's gall and wormwood to vou, Mr. Steel::." " Hush, Mime !" I said, for I could see that he was getting more and more excited, and I didn't know but what he'd fling the lalnp at her head, or something. Hut he mastered himself, and up he got nnd went away without another word ; and pretty soon Sam Riley came in. I thought we'd have a nice evening, for Mime was in high feather ; and sitting down to the table, sliu caught up a pencil and made the school-master take every ridiculous shape that she could. Her oyes shone and her cheeks glowed, and I didn't wonder Sam couldn't take his eyes of her face. " Say the word, Mimo," said Sam, " and I'll punch the idiot's head." " Wiio are you calling an idiot ?" said Mime, turning straight upon Sam. " If you hud tin. hundredth part of his intelligence, you might be glad." X thought you called him eo yourself," said Sam, meekly, for he was head-over-ears in love with the young termagant, " If I did," said Mime, " it was absurd, and I'll never do it 'again. No, Sam, I'll boat bim with his own weapons. I'll g0 to the trustees myself. If lie can wheedle and coax them, so can I ; aud if he can bully them, perhnps 1 can do that too." " You can do anything," said poor Sam. _ And Boon after that Mime said Bhe was tired and sleepy, and sent Bam off, as cool.as you please. Then ehe got upon her feet and walked about tin: flnor, and I could see she as terribly put out aud excited by the .-chool master's visit. " You'll wear yours, If out for nothing," I -aid, for it vxed me to see lu-r nil in a fret Miut way fiom pure suite. "He'll break . ..our healtn and spirits like lie did with that poor little lio.ly that was here before you." " I don't behave a.l tli-.se stories about tiiat woman, auuty. I've found out she bad heavier troubles than tlio.-e put upon her by (ho schoolmaster. You uiu-tu't beliovo all that you hear." That was the way with Mime — she was that contrary when she was vexed that she'd swear black was white, and Inlie the part of .he evil oue himself. She began from that timo out to fight uard for iter own way, and it got to bo pretty .veil known she was winning over tho trus tees. The children had nevor liked anybody as they did Mime, and little Bill l'ritchard, that used to. pluy truant half the time, and would rather take a beating any day than he pent up in school, weut there as regular as clock-work now, and begun to murk ont horses aud dogs with a stump of n penoil niiuself; nud Mr. l'ritchard he was one of tlio trustees, nnd thought tlio world and all of my niece Jemima. B ut somehow or other, just na I said, the coutiuual worriment of it tretted Mime, nnd she got thin and lost her pretty colour ; nnd tho night she came home uud said she had got the best of the school-master, and the notice hsd been served on him that day that he was to let li„r have her own way of teaching, that uigiit I made up my mind it was about time it was settled iu some way, lor Mime was more fidgety and contrary than ever; and I dou't b.-lieve every icing would havo turned out as it did if ..lime had been in lier souer senses. T'lio girl w.i3 about half wild, and I don't believe she know what she was about ; for it stands to reason sue must have hute.i tiie scbool-iiiaster, and yet when I began to glory over liis defeat, and say how gl.ul Sam ItT. y w mid be, she abut me up in a minute. "Sim Riley and Mr. Steele," Bhe said, " aro two very different men." " I should hope so," I safd. " Sam is mado of a different stuff," sho went on to say. " Tlio littlo pricks and torments Unit sling Hie soul of Mr. Steele to mnduess would lie utterly unfelt by Sam. Sum is a good fellow — " "Tiiiinl; y.m for Sam," I said, for sho waa enough lo provoke a saint. ' But Ir. lias not thecupacitv for suffering that Mr. Steele lias ; aud oil, auuty, ho does suffer !" " Servo liim right, the monster," I said; and had scarce got I lie words out of my mouth when thero was a rap at tbe door. I went over, thinking it was Sam Riley, when there was tho thin, gnnnt face of tho sohooi- master ngnin. Ho camo in nud bowed as grave as an owl, aud Bnt down ou a chnir by tho door ; liis cauo rolled down beside iiim on the floor, and for a full miuuto or so lie. couldn't find a word out of that long dictionary in his head. 1 was glad to see that Mimo's spuuk came buck at the sight of liim. Her oyes wore as brigiit as they could be, and her cheoks like the iieart ol a hollyhock. "My errand hero, 'Miss Jemima," he began, " is altogether a friendly one. Yon lhive so much spirit and determination that I think your present subordinate position is unlit forjou. I Know of one that will be shortly vacant, which you can fill with great credit to yoursi'lf and all cineerued." " I am much obliged lo you," said Mimo, lier lips beginning to curl, und tho colour in lier cheeks utopening to a flume, " but I'm quite satisfied wliorii I am. I can well understand tnnt you'd bo glud to be rid of me, butjl must b.-g to decline. I'm not going away from here." "13ut I am going away from here," said the schoolmaster, gutting upon his feet. ' It is my place tiiat will be vacant, and ;hat I think yon mny have it if yon.cboose." " row— you !" said Mime : and I don't wonder tho child was astounded at tho news. I was quite flustered myself. " Yes," said the schoolmaster : " you oan have your own way now." And ha went out tlio door, bowing awkwardly as ho went, a queer, miserablo smile struggling into his face. " Dear ! dear ! the contrariness of woman 1 No sooner was the door well Bhut on him than Mime put her head down on tho table aud began to cry. Her hair got loose and fell ail about her, and, to make the matter worse, I heard a footstep outside, aud this time I thought it must be Sam Riley. " For goodness' sake, Mime," I said, " don't let Sam Riley see you iu this way !" Rut tho door opened, aud there stood the school-master again. Ho said lie had come back for bis cane ; but he never even stooped to pick it up, but stood staring at Mime as if sbo was a ghost instead of the fresh, pretty, wholesome creature that she was. She raised her head, and though her face was half-bidden by her hair, her eyelashes were wet, and the tears not dried yet ou her cheeks. . The school- master, not minding me any more than if I was a block of wood or some thing, walked straight over to Mime. " You know very well," he said, " that I am only goiug away from here because I love you. Because it was not the class that was distracted by your pretty ways and devioe9 ; it waa I. You know all this very well, and can tell me whether I had better go or not. Now tell me, shall I stay ?" You might have knooked me down with a feather when I saw Mime put her hand out timidly to the school-master, and he tnra pale and catch it in both his own. " Of course not," I broke in, for I waa noar distracted by the way things .were going, " If you're an honourable man, and got any sonse left, and an eye in your head, you'd see that my niece is as good as ongaged to Sam Riley." " Sain Riley !" said Mimo, as soornfnl as if poor Sam was a toad or something, and holding on to tho school- master's horny hands as if she was drowning. Like enough thoy'll beat her somo day, and so she'll liko him all the better for it, for before I'd go out of tho room I heard her teil him Bho'd toaoh uny wny tiiat suited him best; and my only hope is that he's got a littlo money laid by, for ho said he didn't intend sha should teach at all. Rut, dear ! doar ! when I heard the oraek of Sam Riley's whip out- eide, and knew the evening stage was in, and poor Sam not knowing what was iu store for him, I had to go upstairs and have a ory all to myself. Aud uli I can say is, if Mimo marries the school-master, it's a mighty queer courtship. A Clkab Explanation.— A negro prea- cher had elaborated a new theory of tho Exodus— to wit: That tho Red Sea got frozen over, aud so afi'ordetl the Israelites a safe passage; but when Pharaoh, with his heavy iron chariots, ut tempted it, they broke through, and wore drowned. A brother rose, and usked for an explanation of that point. " I Be beeu studyin gography, aud de gograpby say dat bo a very warm country, where they have de tropics, and de tropics is too hot for freezin'. De p'iut to bo splained is 'bout breaking through, do ice.' The preacher straightened up and said : "llrudder, glad you axed dat question. It gives mo 'casion to 'splain it. You see dat was a great while ago— in de ole times fo dey hud any gogruphy— 'fo' dere waa any tropica." 