? THE WRECK OF A LIFE. (Written for the Weêdy Examiner.) PAST II. CHAPTER XI.—THE RESULT OF THE INQUIRIES. We hastened to the residence of the Methodist minister which was a very unpretentious abode. I briefly explained tie purport of our visit, and the minister courteously assented to our request. He had been but a short time there he said, but was quite certain that the register had not been tampered with during his time. Referring to the date of the asserted marriage we examined the register and there surely enough were the signatures of Dart Webb and Rachel Wilson, witnessed by William Jones and Martha Brown. Harry examined the book with extreme care—held up the leaf to the light to see if there had been an erasure or alteration; and having satisfied himself that there had been no interposition of a leaf, and thanked the minister for the assistance he had rendered us, we left. "What think you now?" I asked Łio, when we were once more at our hotel, for he had been so deeply in thought that I would not disturb his Cogitations. "I believe the theory that I menboned to you last night to be the true toe," he replied. "And what is that ?" "I will tell you, and it is just possible that you may solve the difficulty of how to prove it. There are first of all ^cations of tampering with the regis- " Indeed!" . " Yes, did you'not observe the blurred Rature of Dart Webb ? It might be f^ft that is intended or anything else of fetters or five. Then the signatures the two witnesses are doubly sussions. The tampering was done years I? 0, But for what purpose ? Not for Purpose of this claim—that is only j^y^11 year's product of the fertile brain that ^bere waB a good reason for «v Te t y authentic entry long before J™ Possibility of getting Dart Webb's " Panted itself. Now the claimstates that the marriage of his mother and father was solemnised by the Rev. Mr Smith, and brings copies of register and his mother's certificate, from which it appears that her maiden name was Wilson. Rachel Wilson had been acquainted with a young and fascinating man previously to her marriage with Dart. Her lover had left the colony—had not returned for many months after he had led her to expect that he would—she had, disappointed and resentful, dismissed him from her affections. Dart Webb—dark, handsome, reckless, bold—secures her love, and (so says claimant) marries her. They have only been united a fa w months when Rachel's former lover returoB, meets her by some fatality, and ignorant of what had occurred hastens to explain i the cause of his long absence, and re-1 news his vows of fidelity. In the midst of the mutual explanations, while Rachel is overwhelmed with grief, confusion, reawakened love for him, aud consciousness that that love is or ought to be out of the question, Dart Webb surprises them. He is a man of strong passions, fervid in his love and fierce in his resentments. The demon of jealousy whispers hard thoughts of Rachel, and he utters angry, stinging words, with the very natural result that she turns from him to her old lover, who receives her from his s jccessful rival. Dart has disappeared from the scene—a son is born, who is Dart's. Now, can you conceive c satisfactory reason why there should have been an entry of the marriage ? why there should have been the corticate Î and why Dart was never troubled by the ghost of his old love ?" I had a few indistinct notions as to why it all should have been as it appeared to have been, but as I could not get them into any definite shape I answered " no." " Well, then, this is the way in which it presents itself to me. The old lover who had regained his bride must have been in such a position that no Blur or stain upon the fair name of his wife could have been endurable. He un questionably occupied a position in the religious world, let us say that he was a parson's son. Very well—it would have outraged propriety and decorum if he had married the mistress of Darfc Webb; so as the living proof of Dart's intimacy with Rachel WilBon in the shape of a smiling infant wondrously like Dart was there to testify to that awkward in- cident, it was there and then resolved that there should be a marriage, a very private marriage, the only proofs of which were the entry in the register and the certificate in Rachel's possession. Now, who had such excellent opportunities of tampering with the register as the son of the minister ?" " Ah 1" I exclaimed, a sudden light breaking in upon me. " Wait a minute," said Harry, " while I the tale unfold. Who, being a shining light in the Methodist Church, had more cogent reasons for satisfying the world that he had married, not the cast off mistress of Dart Webb, but his widow? He had adopted Dart's son, and propriety was satisfied. All moves on smoothly enough ; when Dart Webb marries Dora, Fawcett, it would be useless to disturb his peace by obtruding the claims of Rachel Wilson, now Mrs Smith. So years slip away, and Smith hears of Webb's death in a distant portion of another colony. He is a needy man, a man of subtlety, and as unscrupulous as he is clever. Young Dart has grown up, and the recollection of all the circumstances of his father's intimacy with Rachel Wilson fires Smith's imagination with the brilliant idea of laying claim to Dart's property. Now what say you Î What means shall we adopt to convince Sir Smith that we know all this, and that we intend to act upon it ?" " Your theory is ingenious, Harry," I said, "but after all it is but a theory." " But strongly supported by ascertained facts. I say the signature asserted to be Dart Webb's is :aot his— the names of the witnesses or rather the witnesses themselves arę fictitious —the minister who is said to have officiated is dead. It would be a most difficult task to prove that Rachel Wilson was married to Dart Webb, but I think it can easily be proved that she was married to David Smith. Don't you see, the lady and gentleman are on the horns of a dilemma. If, as I imagine, Rachel Wilson was married to David Smith as the widow of Dart Webb, her marriage was null and void, because Dart her husband Tras alive, If she was married as Rachel Wilson, spinster, she and her son have no claim upon his property, but the claim of natural affinity, which you are quite willing to recognise," " I see it clearly, Harry, « I said." "But still we are presuming upon a supposition." " Well, this is my idea of how we had best proceed : Go down to Smith's immediately—seek an interview with Mrs Smith. Take the lifelike portrait of Miss Webb 's half brother with you, and state the case according to my theory plainly to her. Tell her that you desire to spare the memory of Dart Webb, inasmuch as to him you owe the competence he has bequeathed you, and he is the half brother of your intended wife. Tell her further that you will execute a deed that will secure to her son, Dart Webb, a share of his father's property; and I am greatly mistaken if you don't come to an amicable and satisfactory conclusion of the whole matter." " Well, Harry, I have confidence in your judgment, and if you decide that this is a prudent procedure I will act as you desire." " It cannot compromise your cause in any way, even if it fails in bringing about the desired result," said Harry. So I resolved upon action at once. Cir- cumstances favored me. I arrived at Smith's place about an hour after he had departed on a journey to a township about fifty miles away ; so I had the field to myself. I had not seen Mrs Smith on the morning that she had as Harry expressed it, cast a glance at me ; but I was obliged to indorse his opinion that she had been a good looking woman, though there was a restlessness begotten of painful shifts and expedients, an occasional sharp suspicious glance, that marred her otherwise wellpreserved beauty. I am not an adept at deception, and so without much preliminary conversation I plunged into the subject of the claim chat had been_ Bet np—told her plainly that I believed that if we could satisfactorily prove that her maiden name was Rachael Wilson we should have no difficulty in acquiring for her certain benefits that ought to accrue to her. " I don't understand how the fact of my maiden name being Smith, Brown, Jones, or Wilson can possibly be of benefit to me," said Mrs Smith ; «« but whatever business matters you may have to discuss had better be the subject of conversation with Mr Meshes, my legal adviser." «I am desirous of settling thig- matter without reference to any limb of the law " I answered, smiling. 1 the^Batter is lowered to a rigidly legal basis I think you will be a loser; >f you kindly furnish the information I require you will save me. some expense, and secure for your son a share of liis father's property."! . , The crimson rushed over face and forehead—the eyes flashed angrily, suspiciously, defiantly, and she uttered the words, " My son !" " Your son, madam." She had recovered herself, and said, with the same angry glare in her eyes, " I hare no son." It was not the moment to hesitate, or I would have spared her. It was necessary to show her how certain we were of our position. " I am aware that you have no son by your marriage with Mr Smith; I allude to former incidents in your life. I repeat that legally young Dart Webb has no claim upon the estate of his father, but morally I consider he has. Legally, he will get nothing—I mean that if he forces us to disprove the marriage of his mother we shall consider ourselves justified in paying the expenses of the suit with the money that would otherwise be his. Moreover, there is this consideration which has not perhaps presented itself to you—that if Dart Webb's name and memory are dishonored, so will be the name and character of young Dart's mother." " I am at a loss to know what Mr Webb's affairs can possibly have to do with me," said Mrs Smith, " and I must express my astonishment at the—the confidence exhibited by a perfect stranger in making such communications to me," I felt that I was getting on badly, and a very disagreeable pause ensued. At last my temper, which I am 6orry to say is none of the best, got the upperhand of me, and I said somewhat hotly, " Very well, madam. You refuse me information that I am justified in asserting you can give me if you choose. You bring me down from the elevated position of moral right to the comparatively low one of legal liability. Nov?, do your best or your worst — blacken my benefactor's memory—endeavor to rob his widow of her fair name—but depend upon it that the result will be that young Dart will learn the story of his mother's folly, and will return to Australia beggared in pocket, and with the cruel stain of undeserved reproach upon his birth. Take your choice : the secret that you very naturally wish to preserve will inevitably be dragged to light—the proofs of the marriage of Dart's father with Rachel Wilson necessarily invalidate the existing connection with the gentleman who has been received by society as her husband. On the other hand, if the .matter is settled privately and amicably, young Dart will enjoy a fair share of Lis father's estate—that father's name and memory will be spared, and the -dark passage in his history will remain a secret. For this purpose I have . come from England, and great will be my satisfaction if young Dart returns compensated in some measure for the wrong his father did him by participation in that father's property." She looked thoughtfully at the floor, keeping up a perpetual motion with her foot. I rose from my seat and moved towards the door. She raised her eyes and glanced furtively at me. She had been so long accustomed to repel craft by craft, to meet suspicion with suspicion, that she evidently doubted whether I was not laying a trap for her, and was considering the matter from every point of view so as to ascertain if possible whether she .was endangering her cause, or whether she could make better terms without fighting the battle in which she might be worsted. I felt the difficulty of her position, and being desirous that the matter should be settled without un- .necessary. delay, I hastened to her relief. Mrs Smith," I said smiling, " I know that J appear in a very equivocal light to you. I may be the honest, considerate, generous, moral man that I profess to be and that the adoption of the line of conduct I have sketched would prove me to be ; or, I may be only a cunning and unscrupulous foe who has, stolen into your cncampment to betray you. Now I cannot convince you that I am the former in a more satisfactory manner than by arranging with you fi» for mutual interview with your solicitor Mr Meshes. He shall draw up a document securing to Dart W^b a certam portion of the property bequeathed^ by the half-brother ot my intended wife. You, acting for him, shall accept that"portion as complete satisfaction for the demand to which I consider we are morally responsible." "Mr Meshes will be here to-day, said Mrs Smith. "It » court day at the township." « Very good—I will wait if you are agreeable, and all can be settled comf ° " ilm sadly wanting in hospitality," said Mrs Smith, "I have never asked yon to take any refreshment. _ If you will amuse yourself by looking over the papers I will make amends. tohe had not left the room more than five minutes when the sound of a horse's hoofs caused me to look out ot the window. A horseman who rode as if unused to riding came to the door and dismounted, and the man who did duty as cook took his horse. Then the front door opened and the visitor entered. I heard the voice of Mrs Smith in earnest conversation with tlie new comer who she addressed as Mr Meshes. This then was the legal gentleman who was on the other side. He was nob of the If* and leaden-eyed order of lawyers, but had a full, rosy face, a crisp black beard, a pair of sparkling black eyes, a deep soDorous voice, and a hearty laugh. I remembered having heard Harry speak of him as a clever, good-natured, winebibbing scamp. I resolved to be very cautious, but did not fear to trust him to draw up the deed because there was nothing to be gained by any attempt at equivocation. A-fter about ten minutes, conversation with Meshes, Mrs Smith re-entered the room where I was sitting, and the cook followed her with a decanter and some biscuits. " I have informed Mr Meshes of your wishes in regard to Dart Webb,' said Mrs- Smith, "and he thinks it a capital way of settling the business ; that was hi? expression. He has gone on to the Court, but will be here this afternoon ; if you can remain until he returns without inconveniencing yourself too much I shall be glad." I assented : the afternoon was far advanced when Meshes came from the township. I found him a very pleasant companion, and when we bad dined and the lawyer had disposed of a rather large quantity rf brandy, we entered into the subject of the morning's discussion. The document was soon drawn up and submitted to me. I read it very carefully you may rely, and seeing nothing objectionable 1 signed it, taking care that Dart Webb was described the son of Dart Webb and Rachel Wilson. The" 1 a w y er " d e'parted " "co n versed a , , J . o j ti,pn little longer with Mrs Smith, and then my horse was brought round and i too* leave of her. Harry was anxiously looking for me, and when I imparted the result of my interview, he seemed thorouehlv pleased. Blantyre came in about an hour afterwards, and we aooui an » , talked and noblerised until a ate hour, We rose rather late the next morning, for we were in a position somewhat similar to that of Tomlngoldsby's hero " my Lord Tom Noddy," who, you will recollect, having slept during the enactment of the tragedy of hanging a man, found there was " nothing more to be heard, and nothing more to be said." The fact that Dart Webb, jun., was the son of Kachael Wilson was acknowledged, and on our way to Harry's home we turned aside and visited his foster parents— some distant relations of the Wilsons, who shared the family pride and poverty; and who, being childless, brought up the little fellow as their own. All is now plain sailing. If the fates are propitious I shall soon be in old England again, and Helen will be as happy as such a foolish, confiding, kind hearted, pretty, clever, and common sensible girl deserves to be. Until you hear from me again farewell, and believe me to remain, very sincerely, yours—Geóbge Fawcett. " Now Helen, you will acknowledge yourself to be a fortunate and happy woman, will you not ?" "Too happy—too happy," said Helen. And then we talked of the future—the future that biiaii a few lew months manias afterwards wan was realized, when George and Helen stood •village church and plighted in^t e ^ ^ J J P ^ <( ^ ^ worB0, for richer for poorer, in sick- 10 ^ ^ tQ ness death ' us do part." So cbe ^ ^ ; sp s , one g0 seldom hears but ca^v , indescribable charm for wm ^ ^ ^ on his stai wart form, and gazing into his honest fearless face ° - . « /in 11 t « VinH I ntrati I knew that Helen felt that she had loved wisely and well, and that the future joys would be intensified and the future sorrows unspeakably lightened by. the ever ready sympathy of him to whom she had given the priceless jewel of a true woman's love. the end. 