THDKSDAY, NOVEMBER 29. The opening business of the p^rjiauierjfary ses^ sion has bean intercepted by a 'no-confidence' motion, iu the form of au amendment, moved by Mr. Fakxuix, on the address in reply to the Go VEBN-oE's speech. Of course llr. Faakkll acted under, the beiief tliat, in endeavouring to bring about a change of Ministry, he was eerving the country. Important as it lnay be nt the present time to do, as speedily as possible, the necessary business of the session proper for the soon e^piriiw year, and to pass such brief Bin,endin,ei;ls of: s'iiue of the laws as are most urgently reinui'ed to cor ifjst jralinble L'vilSi er.il us may be cai' yled saldlj- wii'bout prolonp^d deliberation it is still more important that, v.e should liavt* trustworthy and nblo Jfinisters iu churge o.f *lis public interests. And every member of the Legis lative Assembly has a Constitutional right to'act any day of the session, oa the conviction, often con scientiously entertained, that the House ought not to accord its support to anv Ministry that he disapproves uf, JJi? Fabneli., therefore, has nut QYCistepped the bounds of paillarusnfary right in itnudiug for ward .as the champion of tho country to de mand the dismissal of au Administration wliich he deems unfit to be entrusted with the uuiwMwcui, jjul il m uimcuic to unapi'*ii^ how a politician of reputed ahiirti? and of long experience, a payiy leader a,nd an es Minister, couid imagine'that he was serving atiyeopd purpose, or even any party 'obieot' bv coming lorward at this juncture to mteiicipt t\o business of Parliament, by a matioii 'of no- '?? ? two-thivd& Uf $ fe.% SX- ^ Jisi Jtu'a* the _ confinunxce Si ' o^T. are ^p'c^^ i^$T - ju8tice- theSe P^utlemen would :SH»»* ^esire to have some action of the Go l°^ ^t upon which, to r msa jUdm)ient be . committing th6meel-,-es to a vote of personal condemnatiott r-\ the Ministry. These new members may., l)e credited with sufflcieut independence of mind. tr- prefer taking an oppor tunity- to judge for Uieiacelves on the merits and demerits ol the Minister^ rather than to accept, as their first lesson in jjarty allegiance, the ready made opinions whini oi,ier members are eager to th™st«lJon them. Audi/ the present Ministers are, as Mr. Farnkll'u mo tioi i asserts, not worthy of the confidence of the Ho'Bse it rjuinot be lnnu before tLiy^ri-rc tume -iTMSfj; of ' thelt-unfltness on ™.«u,» unties » -wnomtue general election rnent' Ced int' ' '^ Bous6 c*n' v-m ' lu*p Yesterday, uvenini (x\ie introductiou of the old notes of discord tlm thavo for many au hour echoed with weariBome re iteration throunh the chamber during the times ol .-formfcr Assemblies: the nrmeala made on both sidef / tp,*l)e wWork and the errors of ptlier years, the ci ^l Tesoiutijpn manifested to ex ue, u burie' 1 pt-st, nit* -whose ghosts the chamber has beer , hauiited and the deliberations of tfle people s l-epr eseutat ive's woefully distracted,— naturally ext- irted a cry of pain from some or tlie oid ujemberj. , j[ost of the new members, unn ,ware a8 ,.et 0£ tue intolerable an noyance j wine1 a tuis in^it of 1W8Onal recrimina tion will soo p bring upon them, . seemed rather piuocu ui» a Uurj (it the oLHburst.' They will re tain no gra iefuPEl1use of tiyi' service rendered by thenTthesV i tIle ' meJVldmenV' in first oPening for .r,^.^*' J«»^VSer of tho Opposition made a hi» »£ i. F clioioe'of the timo tor commencing nv th- ae did not, in any way, compensate 1 1 ? v lack of prudeuco by the matter or ins er 1Je .cumnlainail of the want of 'ofhTSCr'' Je-Tu tbe speech put into the mouth nrow excellency, as if he did not know that the Irir r obiect of 'such uspeech is not to enunciate cilJltiM UUt I-O ElUi* ueiiiiii«»j n'= lui^mivuu the Ministry, -uiv speeuu; »u» '''-'' mbiguity. It pledges the iliiostry to submit jve measures, the obj.uts of which are definitely set forth, aud are so .limited that if the atten tion of Parliament ' be given to them they I,..- -u i.« Rfttisfactorily dealt with m a short tim» Mr. Fabneu., however, objected to their ~! .-..._ i.., j.,.,iDnriaii in thp nnirip nf the conn-. try a comprehensive Land Bill, a comprehensive Electoral Keform Bill, a comprehmsiye Munici palities Bills a comprehensive Mining Bill, let, almost id the same breath he told the House that the country was not yet ripe for legislation on the land question. And wheu would this session, ?Mie session of 1877, end, if the Ministry, instead existing anomalies, were determined to press for legislation of a comprehensive character on all the momentous and dim cult; questions mentioned by Mr. Faun-ell? In the view of patriotism nnd of political tactics this attempt to carry an auieudment on the nd dreas is a gross mistake. Without having, at pre sent any- stt-onf: m'ouuds for expecting great things of the present Ministry, we may say that it would have beeriiustand wise to leave. them in uulnu dered anid'vmeut of the opportunity of showiug what they ire prejjared to do for the country. 