I Music and the Drama. The facts not otherwise, Than here set down. ! BHEBEDAN KNOWLES. THE repetition of Arthur Sullivan's " Trial by Jury," on Friday evening last, confirmed the opinion pre viously formed as to the merit of the music, and the weakness of its performance by the plaintiff. It is indescribably an amusing trifle, and thoroughly well done would prove attractive. " Genevieve de Bra bant" was played on the same evening, and was suc cessfully "run in" by the bold gens d'armes; Miss Emily Soldene, as the baker Drogan, and Miss Bose Stella, as Genevieve, receiving an irresistable demand to repeat the balcony scene, and Miss Soldene having to sing again the words set to the melody " Silver Threads among the Gold." The residue of the com pany sustained their share of the opera with com mendable care, and unvarying success. On Satur day night Offenbach's " La belle Helene," an opera burlesqueing the classical story of the mythological classical Golden Apple Contest, was produced with true Soldenian success. The opera was splendidly placed upon the stage, and the various characters beautifully, if some of them were barely, costumed ; but as the company generally possess more beautiful figures than voices, it follows that the eye must be satisfied if the ear cannot be, and thus the absence of music is excusedby a perfect form and its L. E. G. There is, however, one fact apparent, that unison holds its sway among the choristers, as they seldom disturb the harmony of the composer. As La Belle Helene Miss Emily Soldene looked very like the most beauti ful girl of that period, if I except the ugly appearance the looping up her dress in the first scene gave to her in profile. When she came upon the scene as Queen, she was majestically grand, and in opera aria would have made a grand Semiramide to look at, as well as to hear. The beauty of her voice and artistic acting, if I except certain gestures and mannerisms of conclu sions, always bring to Miss Emily Soldene the loudest applause of the audience, and encores innumerable. Miss Bose Stella is a star which rose into prominence in the company as soon as its brilliancy was shown to the public, and her full, fresh, rich voice has been of incomparable service during the present season. As Orestes she was as enchanting as ever, and acting so thoroughly well, as she always does, fairly shared with her queen the honours of her reign during the evening. Without Mr. E. Marshall as Chalchas, the Deacon Skinner of the opera, great would have been the gap in the illustrative fun. . His noble countenance Bpeaks " a la Grimaldi" without its paint, and his nods and winks and shrugs of humour some delineations keep the audience in a roar of laughter. His delivery of his words, also, provoca tive of mirth and I would we could see this gentleman in plays wherein his evident ability would have some more worthy his study and delineation. He is the life and soul of the first act, and the scene in the chamber of La Belle, scarcely surpassable for panto mime by tho great G. W. Paine himself. Mr. E. Parley, as Agamemnon, did much to aid the fun, and his acting can scarcely be deemed second to that of his confrere, who will not be jealous if T say the voice of Parley surpasses the voice of Marshall, when music is to the fore. The gentle Paris of Mr. Campbell would be heightened m effect if he did not convey the notion to the audience that he thinks himself a Triton among the minnows. His appearance of self-satisfac tion evidently leads the listeners to believe that no other satisfaction is needed, and as he is not possessor of the finest tenor voice that has been heard in the Theatre Eoyal, this fault amended, the greater ap preciation of his singing and acting would follow. Miss Clara Vesey manages so to pose her irreproachable figure as to destroy much of its elegance, and exhibits an inattention which ofttimes has an injurious effect upon her efforts. The attention of thej pages might also be directed more to the scene in which they should be, but are evidently not, taking part. In the final scene of the first act the make-up of Mr. J. Wallace as Menelaus was very good ; and that of Ajax, num ber one of Mr. Jarvies, remarkably droll ; and much laughter was created when the -pair of them were puffed down by Hector, and the two brave boys acted I very commendably. The singing of Miss Emily Soldene throughout the opera was extremely fine, and was evidently appreciated by the audience. The band under Mr. G-. van Ghele were all that could be desired, and the scenery was effective and appropriate. The audiences have been extremely large throughout the week, so large indeed as to prolong the stay of the company beyond their first engagement, thereby de laying the re-appearance of Miss Ada Ward, who is believed to make her debut in the character of Horneo. The intrinsic merit of the performances at the Queen's Theatre by the Simonsen Company, as well as the strenuous exertions made by the manager, Mr. L. M. Bayless, to put them before the public in a liberal _ and complete "style, have not succeeded in attracting the people to the theatre in payable numbers. Variety business has reigned so long supreme at the Queen's that, coupled with the pow erful opposition of the Soldene Company, this has doubtless caused a doubt that the* Sinionsen performances would not be near so good as they really are. The established reputation of Madame Fanny Simonsen, both as vocalist and actress was proof of no disappointment there, and aided as she is by a very competent company of artistes for the leading parts, and a most excellent chorus, should have commended Mr. Bayless's venture to the favourable consideration of the music- loving Eublic. The somewhat rugged reputation of the ouse has scarcely, however, been smoothed down sufficiently to convince the public that the same com fort, decorum, and order were maintained at the Queen's as at any other theatre, although I can assure them they would have found it so. The new opera, "Die Fliedermaus," composed by Johann Strauss, was produced, and its charming music-so strongly suggestive of its author-was deliciously sung by Madame Simonsen, Mr. Henry Bracey, Mr. Hodgson, Mr. Browning, and Miss Fischer. Several of the more prominent members were encored, and very deservedly so too, as well for the prettiness of the music as_ the merit of its execution, while its plot abounds in funny and not unnatui-ally conceived situa tions. Balfe's opera " The Boheminan Girl " haB been given, in which Madame Simonsen sang the lovely music so as to receive a double encore. Mr. Bracey as Thaddeus, acquitted himself remarkably well ; the " heart bow'd down " has seldom been more effec tively sung than by Mr. Browning ; band and choruses were as perfect as long practice and musicianly skill can make them, and their energetic conductor, Mr. Martin Simonsen, insists upon perfection as far as pos sible to attain it. Flotow s " Martha "has also been given with success, so far as the opera was concerned, and Madame Simonsen's rendering of the "Last rose of summer," incomparably fine, creating quite a furore of approbation. Mr. Bracey played and sang the part of Lionel capitally, and the whole opera was worthy of larger patronage than was accorded to it. The scenery was remark ably good and effective. With scanty attendance just now, no dou>;t, politics have largely to do. To night (Friday), the performances are for the benefit of Madame Fanny Simonsen, when a most attractive programme is announced consisting of Balfe's " Bohe mian Girl," and the second act of " Die Fliedermaus. I hope that the public will on this occasion testify then* appreciation of genuine talent and sterling musical performances, by crowding the theatre in every part. Miss Gladstane (Mrs. L. M. Bayless) has gone to Tasmania, where, at the Theatre Royal, she will commence the regular summer seasojj 1 " - of 1877. Mr. M; Bayless has secured a stron¡ dramatic company, including the names of G. R Ireland, 0. Dillon, S. Boulton, E. B. Bussell, L M'Gowan, H. Power, E. Lawrence, H. Sefton, J. B Nunn, and H. Kean ; with Mrs. Jj. M'Gowan, anc Misses E. Pender, Maggie Knight, E. Thorne, M Crawford, and E. Poley, to support Miss Gladstane and other stars, who are to follow. Mr. L. Mi Bayless,has also secured a twenty-one years' least of the Princess Theatre, Melbourne, upon which I am informed £3000 are likely to be laid out in en tirely rebuilding its interior, under the direction of Mr. J. B. Johnson, the architect, who has under taken to have it ready to re-open at Christmas, andto make it, in appearance, convenience, and comfort, second to none in Australia. This looks as if the present spirited manager of the Queen's Theatre here does not intend to lose his laurels as an enterprising conductor of public amusements. I hear, also, that he has engaged Mr. Florence, formerly of the Simon sen troupe, as a tenor for his new season, as well as Mr. Browning. At the Queen's Theatre, Lizzie Wat son and Harry Braham are about to return with a SCENE FROM "LA PILLE DE MADAME ANGOT."-END OF A CT II. new series of their attractions, and will be assisted by a competent company. At the "Victoria Theatre, Shakspere's tragedy of Macbeth" was selected, in whicli to introduce to us Mr. Charles Pope, who hails from America, and had previously appeared in Melbourne, and there seemed to have gained considerable success. The re turn to anything in which thought rather than sight had to be satisfied was at least a novelty, and ex pectation was raised as to the manner in which the new Pope would place Macbeth before the audience. Ihe play is always a favourite, both with actors and public, and is so well-known as to make its perfor mance a crucial test of an actor's ability. Mr. Pope possesses a commanding figure, good stage presence, and a deep well managed voice with distinct utterance. Yet with these-and they are not small-advantages Mr. Pope so delivered several of the line3 as to startle rather than to please a critical ear. I am glad to thmk^ that these may be but temporary obstructions and immediately removed, if he desire to attain the " top of sovereignty " in his profession. The mind must guide the tongue if the right im pression of such well known text is to be made, and an affected accentation is sometimes attributed rather to ignorance than originality or genius. As an elocu tionist, Mr. Pope displays many points of excellence, and in the pathetic tones his voice is very_ impressive, and BO in the moro commanding and impassioned, while his gestures and expression of face are thoroughlv in keeping with his delivery. This was particularly noticeable in his interview with Lady Macbeth, with the ghost of Banquo, and with the witches. Mr. 1 ope s conception of the character is quite consistent with the poet's creation, and its performance is marked with many points of excellence. He never becomes a craven, but is evidently struggling against, though dying of, remorse athis own wickedness from the moment that his horror of the commission of Duncan's murder first appals him. Mr. 1 ope has the good sense also to dress something in Keeping with the period, and looks remarkably well in every Bcene. He was most warmly received and frequently applauded, and called before the curtain at the end of eich act. The tragedian had also the 1F*Pl1ei}Be assistance of that talented tragedienne Miss Adelaide Bowrins, as Lady Macbeth, and oft as Bhe has previously played this part, she never excelled this per iormance, which was thoroughly effective and appre ciated. Mr. B. N. Jones, as 'Macduff, played with genuine earnestness, and gave immense life to his ren dition of this arduous part. Mr. Bland Holt dis tinsuiahed himself as the first Witch, and was loudly applauded; but Mr. J. Tolano did not distinguish inmself except, derisively, for his make up and ap pearance as the porter. I was somewhat astonished I at this, as Mr. T. is usually happy in his makes up. Locke's music was commendably done after the first night, and the tragedy has been repeated several times. On Wednesday Mr. Pope appeared in Schiller's tragedy of the " Robbers," an old but very effective play. Shakspere's "King Lear" is also in preparation, and it is a play that needs it ; if it is to be played with anything like completeness and satisfac tion. FIGARO. 