THAT LITTLE GAME OF Y UKElI. 'Twas Wensday arternoon, about The witchin' hour of four, A-strollin' near the Kort House I Sees George houtside the door A-laffiu'; so sez I " Vhat's hup?"'- SHe lals, and-nothin' more. "' My nobel Kountseller," sez I, " Why laffs you so to-day ? Been bottlin' Sunday beer?" "Not I," Sez he, "Another lay; I've yukered Morgin, and he's gone To coao anotherday." " Old fi'penny, what's yer sayin' of ." I answers unto him, " I kant quite honderstand sich talk If riddles is yer wim';" And hall the time he laffed so hard, He shook in every limb.. He kept a diggin' of my ribs, And winked his kuowin' hi', At last lie sez, " Old Mlorgin thought " I'd pass that turn-up by; But no, I took it up and he Was yukered-warn't it fly? "You see," sez George, "he pitched us Jutk le a bloomin' flat, A-thinkin' he'd get in again. I saw-what he was at,. And so'I takes a hand miself And yukered Morgin pIat. "I saw as how sum dodge was heon, SSo round I went that dasy And gets a paper fully signed Arranged my cards for play; And not a breath did I let hout ?t About my little lay. *" Well, arter dinner round Igoes o "; To Dalley's forsomine cash; : I gets some sovereigns for a check Drank 'sda and a dash: . And with a second check to use I walks across quite flash. ''Tihe 'townclerk and thebMaydr was there And hlMorgi staindii' by. ".':.... !i ith a sort of devil-may-take?it air ::. " Any papers ?" axes I. Not the ghost of one," says Dan, and he Hove hout a pensive sighl.c S"Five minutes more," says Daniel, and He looks aroliid at us, And Morgan hauls his paper out W? ithout a bit of fuss... ! I looks, anld sees a check attached~:, And thinks it might be wses. The Mayor ho looks around cod says S"I'll take no checks today; The Hact says as its money, and It's money you must pay." Then in pitched, and " well," sez I, "That's too bad, any way, " For I've a paper hero likewise And a check, which I maintain Is good as gold I" Dan cuts me short, He say--" Its allin vain, I Wont take paper so you'll please To take it back again." 'iYou've taken checks before this here," Sez Morgin in a scot, " And to refuse them in this way, is a.conmmni rather hot. The lection must be held again Which I'd as soon as not." "Hold on," says I, "just let me Lee, I think I'ro got sum gold, And in I dips my hand and hout The golden soverens rolled, I counts them, ten, and then I sez Well, Morgin, aint you sold? He had his hi upon me from The time I touched my pocket, A wond'ring whether all the gold I hlid was in my locket, Dud ,when the sovorens come, his eye Almost jumped out the socket. Ah ! warnt he wild! He's just the man What don't like to be beat; To nio the fun of doin' it Was sumthing like a treat, And I do think," says George, " that I Did yuker him s nmllcte !" PLEACEMAN X. 