CORRESPONDENCE. THE LAND LAW AND ITS ADMINISTRA TION. To the Editor of the Yass Courier, Sir, — Eecent events have oast tbeir shadows be fore. Mr. Inspector of Conditional Purchases has been amongst us for the first time, aud lo 1 he has left us nothing but evil forebodings and a ghost at every turn. First, the snmmons to appear at the land court for non- compliance in not having completed improvements, &o.;, as per Act ; second, the appearanoe at the said oourt and the dread consequences, the paltry prioes placed to our credit by Mr. Inspector for work that we have lubourod bard and long to accom plish, such prices being brought about by the working of a fixed scale, like a piece of ma chinery, &a;, ; third, the court is over, the cul minating point is reaohed, a time of suspense, then i he orash, forfeiture (although more than half expected) falls upon as like a thunderbolt, and all is over, ghost is gone, leaving nothing but the stern reality, ruin. Rumour nas it, that when Mr. Inspector was with ns he put up at Mr. Squatter's. Ou the following day he left his buggy and horses at the homestead and went bis' rounds among the selectors on one of Mr. Squatter's horses, with the overseer for his guide. Personally, I have no objeotions to auoh an aot of oourteay as aooorded to Mr. Inspector by Mr. Squa'.ter, but if this rumour is correct what bscomns of tbe instructions of the Minister for Lands to tbose inspectors. Not a month since Mr. Driver said in tbe House that he had again brought under the notice of the inspeotors of conditional purchasers the neoessity of their getting buggies so that they should not be under any obligations to lessees, but could camp out if necessary. Assuming that the Minister did giro these instructions and that the inspector in question did act aooordiug to rumour, then I must enter my protest against one or the other, or both, as being a greater furce than even tbe land courts ihemselves. AneDt the first para graph of tbiH letter, tho burden and oppressive ness of the improvemnnt clause of the Laud Act j is only now boiug fully felt. Hitherto it has i boon ft natter of oiroumstauoes, ia a groat measure, based upon chance it, but now £1 worth (which in ninny iuatunccjB, no doubt, hud cost tho Boloctor £1 10s.) bus to bo shown for every acre held. Wliut must follow where tho greater portion of the land held is takon for grazing pur poses (us is oommonly the oase, especially in tbose districts) nothing Bhort of forfeiture, un less the holder is extremely fortunate and has Borne process of making money othor than off the land. How is tbiB burden o be removed! By unity. What will this united action cost! Tho deposit alone on forty acres will pay twenty yoars subscription as a morabor to our local as sociation, and niOBt of the kindrod societies have u corresponding fee. Then looking at the mattor from a business standpoint alone, surely the coBt cannot have any weight as compared to the benefits which must accruo from tho same, But taking a broader viow of tho matter, havo wo not a higher mission than that of a raoro pecuniary consideration. Most certainly we have : we have to provide laws for our children, for posterity and much, vory much of tho position, prosperity and happiuoss or otherwise of thoBo who follow us doponds upon the laws we provide them with. It must not be thought by these remarks that the improvement clause is the only one in tho Land Aot which roquiros altering. There ore others which (if not altered or struck out) will injure the future of the people of this oolony as much, if not more, than it. In fact, to make our land laws thoroughly liberal rauoh alteration is needed both in the Aot and iu the administration of it, notably the latter. Concerning the second paragraph, bo far ub the inspectors of conditional pnrobaseB are concerned, little is neoded : suffiae it to say, that, to a man of integrity, such in structions aB given by the Minister for Lands is (if not an insult) unnecessary, to say the lease of it, and any man who (while ho may hold all men as his friends in common) has either friend or foe between himself and duty, should not hold the appointment. In the Town and Country Journal of 16th June, tho Hon. Richard Driver (in ansvror to charges made against certain in spectors of conditional purchases) is made to Bay — " Ho admitted that S.'s case was a vory bad one. He was a young man who had beon disappointed in a love uffuir. It was a serious thing to drive a yonng man into tbe world dismissed from the service." This isbertainly something now. Who- ovor before beard of a Minister of the Crown announcing that his department was a semi- benevolent asylum ? Besides looking at it from the side of duty, is it not a more serious thing to keep an incapable in office, when his inca pacity arises from his own seeking, probably to the Berioua injury of some honest hardworking subjeotB! Would it not be more sorious if only one honest family wore cast upon the world homeless, through this drunken inspector's blunders, or perhapa something worse! The Hon. Richard Driver, as a private individual, may be as bonevolent as ho ohooseB, bat as the Minister for Lands witb, to a certain extent, the public purse in his hand, he too should have tio friond, no foo, botween himself and his duty. — Yours, &o;,, 