SCRAPS. By Kambleh. And so the Angas Dam Bill has been again re jected, and ye nnble Strathalbynites, and those who wished to flounder in th« Anjras, are doomed again to sad disppointment. The hopes (alas, not the river) are damned, that were so fondly built, so sweetly cherished, of a moonlight sr-oon on the dammed Angas — don't be alarmed gentle reader, my words are meant to be taken literally. Never mind ; in the year 1901, when the present generation is all dead and forgotten, the Bill may pass, and the dam mag be built in the course of the following century ; so do not let ua despair '. How peculiar are the vagaries of a child's memory ! A lady of my acquaintance has a little daughter between tiiree and fonr years old, to whom, when ' ghtfets' visited Strathalbyn, net many weeks ago she imparted the information that there were '' no such things as ghosts,' and that it was al nonsense to say there were. The other evening the little one was prattling forth her evening prayer ; when she came to the words ' Holy Ghost,' she re used to pro ceed, and urged as her reason — ' Why, ma, you said that there were no such things as ghosts.' The lady is now morn careful. Servant-galism is getting worse and worse. A lady friend of mine told me about a month ago that she hid just advertised for a girl. I called next week, and in conversation asked if she bad been suited with a girl. She replied in che affirmative with a ' kind of powerful' shrug of her shoulder*. She had had several applications for the place as, the family being- small and other servants being employed, the place offered mauy inducements. One wanted every evening to her self ; another wanted every Sunday also ; but the eapper wanted to know as how, ' Would yer let me have the use of yer pianuer for a hour o' the day, to practice'oD, which I take lessings from Miss ? ' She did not suit. The one my friend engaged was a very green specimen of tha '?Jim of the Say,' who beguiled her spare moments by dancing 'jigs and sich like.' When one is travelling company generally is, to say the least, a pleasure. I was riding along the other day between Adelaide and Strathalbyn, to which latter I intended going:. When I got about ten miles from Town I saw a horseman in front of me. Spurring my horse, I soon caught up to him, and pulled up alongside of him, volunteer ing the remark that it was a fine day, and was he going far ? Yes — yes ; he was going to Strath aalbyn, he replied to my remark and question ; but in such a surly tone was this reply given that I at once felt that the pleasure oi. conversation would be rather limited. However, I stuck with him for about half-an-hour, when he suddenly SDoke voluntarily. He said— ' Di I you say you were going to Strathalbyu ?' ' Yes,' I replied — ' we'll be company for ea ?' ' Well, I advise you to go on then,' interrupted he in any thing but cheering aceente — ' I prefer to go there by myself.' I did go on ; and he got to Strath albvn very soon after me. Now, you know, I admire that style of a man— he's so very nice — I like overtaking such an one as he when I jour ney far or short. He ran kiudle such sweet feel ings within one — such kind wishes, and so on ! I find he is not the only ' company' man in the colonies — unless, indeed, '0.M1.Y.' {C. Austra lia?!) writes of the same customer in this story :— My friend Jenkins related to me a pleasurable ride he recently had in a coach. His fellow passen gers were a middle-age^ man, his wife and daugh ter, a thoughtless, merry young harum-scarum fellow, and an oH man with whom nature had made some desperate tnis'ake ; his head wou'd have made a good stopper for a vinegar bottle ; or his face an admirable cast for a workhouse knocker, yet they h»d bens supplied to a man, as the topmost storey of his grumbling body. No sooner was the coach w-»U under-weigh than young Harum-scarum, who sat opposite to old Scrooge, produced a cigar-case : ' Will you take one, sir,' said he to him, ' No, don't smoke hefore ladies, not such a beast,' replied the old Crab. Presently Harum- scarum produced a toler able fla«k of that pale revivifier, yclept Sir James Hennessy, and having himself tasted lest he mifrht be suspected, and then kindly suffered Jenkins to tas-te, he offered the container to Crab, who cuptly replied, *? No, sir, don't drink.' The journey had proceeded somewhat when the young lady'd papa 1-ant forward, saying ' I am charmed sir to see that you resent these preferred innovations upon our quiet ride. Indeed so much am I pleased that, with delight, I shall introduce you to my wife and daughter. ' D— — it, no sir/' ejaculated old growl, '? I'm not nurse. Keep your daughter where she is, and as for your wife, I'm no flirt, I want none of her, I've had too much of my own.' 