HOW MY GRANDMOTHER CAME TO MARRY .MY GRANDFATHER. » " It's a long story and a sad one," said my grand mother. " Indeed, it all happened so long ago that it seems quite like a dream. Poor Fred ! Your great- grandparents, you know, Barbary, were scarcely so well to do in the world as Ave are. Indeed, Avhen I Avas a child father used to work at the Hall — Abington Hall ; we used to live at Abington ; that's 40 and odd miles from here — as gardener, boot-cleaner, extra hand in tile suiui.es, j Usi auyi/iuxig aiinosu unau was requireu ; 101 what Avith the constant wars and bad seasons there was scarce any money in the country, and the little there was seemed to lodge in the pockets of those who Avanted it least, as is commonly the case aa'hen things get out of order. But by degrees things took a turn for the better. Uncle Jacob died and left us £1,000, Avhich enabled father to buy the Mere Farm, and mother's health improved, and altogether Ave Avere looked upon as quite thriving people. If this change had not occurred I suppose I should have been sent to sendee. Yes, you may knit your broAvs, my dear, but food's not to be had for the asking in this Avorld, and it is far better for a young Avoman to earn her oayii livelihood and lay by a little for a rainy day than to potter away her life at home, the plague of her relations and the laughing stock of her neighbours. I was never against AYork myself, though not strong. As it happened, lioAvever, there was no need for me to do more than to help mother with the dairy and the housekeeping, and see that father had buttons on his shirts, and a mended pair of socks Avhen he Avanted them. So AYe lived on as con tented and cheerful as could be, until one day a strange gentleman called, and told us that poor Dick — your great- uncle, .Richard, who had run aAvay to sea Avhen a lad of twelve, and whom we had last heard of being on board the Dartmouth, and behaving Avith great bravery at the Battle of Navarino — had died of yelloAV fever in the West Indies, after commissioning him, Lieutenant Ahvyne, to find us .out, and give us his true love and a lot of foreign curiosities which he had collected during his voyages. If he'd been mother's own son he couldn't have shown greater consideration for' the grief at poor Dick's death. Poor Dick! They had a quarrel the night before he left, about a girl who used to live in the village ; a brazen-faced, light-tongued hussy as ever beguiled a poor, simple lad to his ruin, and she'd threatened to tell father of his goings on ; and that threat Aye ahvays believed had driven him out of the house.- Poor Dick! Well, having a bed to spare and enough to make a Avelcome, father asked Fred if he Avouldn't stay a bit and try the fishing. Father Avas . ahvays hospitably inclined, and having only me to pro vide for, he could afford to be liberal better than many, a richer man. Fred said he would with pleasure, and so he did ; and that was Iioav he and I got fond of each other. At first mother fancied that he was only making fun of me — sailors, you know, are such ones to flirt when they get the chance." I nodded again. I remembered that young man on board the Courageous last sumrpcr. " But, somelioAv, though I kneAV I was in no way fit to be the Avife of an officer and a gentleman, I didn't quite take that vieAv of his attentions. He Avas so gentle, so grave, so little inclined to sIioav himself off. No, mother might send me to bed of a night with Avet eyes and a heaA'y heart, for I loved him long before I had any right to, I suppose ; but in the morning the old trust came back, and there Avas I just as foolish and Happy as ever. Nor Avas that trust misplaced ; and for this 1 thank God Avith all my heart even noAV, aa'hen I am an old Avoman and must soon die ; for all misfor tunes Avhich can befall a girl I count an unlucky love affair the Avorst." I shook my head and sighed Avith meaning. " Not that you need look so grave, my dear," pursued my grandmother cheerfully. " You've too many friends, and liaA'e been brought up too Avell for any man to ever think of deceiving you." Just as if one aa'ent about Avith one's family at one's back, saying the Church Catechism all day long. " Well, it Avas on a Sunday eArening— lie Avas to leave on the Monday — that Fred asked me if I would be his wife. I can remember now Iioav everything looked as if it 'were but yesterday. " About a Avcek before our wedding day Fred thought he Avould go up to London to have his picture taken — I Avas so anxious to have a good likeness of him to cheer me aa'hen he Avas away fighting for the king, I Said. " Noav, Avhile he was aAvay I had settled' to go and spend a feAv days at Aunt Priscilla's— Mrs. Nettleby, you know. So on Saturday father drove me over to Hepplc — that Avas the. name of their farm — to stay till Wednesday, the 26th. " Letters Avere expensive pleasures in those days — pleasiu'es to be but scantily indulged in by young people of moderate fortunes like I and Fred ; so Avlierc you would have written tAventy avc contented ourselves Avith two — one to report our safe arrival at our separate des tinations, and one to arrange the manner of our meet- I ing on our return ; for father had left it to myself Avhetlier he should send for me from aunt's or whether I would Avalk over. It was but six miles, and being permitted this latitude of choice, I thought I Avould Avalk back if Fred, who Avas expected home that afternoon, would meet me at Condicote's Wood, a long belt of firs just half Avay between Hepple and the Mere. ' I Avill he at the wood at eight o'clock punctually,' Avrote he in reply to my enquiry Avliethei such an arrangement would be agreeable, ' and Avill bring the picture in my pocket. The artist assures me that it is as good a one as he has done, and I think it merits your much desired approval.' " Slowly the hours went, despite Aunt rriscilla's lively talk. She aa'ould just have suited you, for she could tell stories by the hour together — interesting stories, better by far than those made by writers, in my opinion. Slowly the hours went, I say, which inter vened betAA'een me and happiness, as I thought ; but at last 1 Good-bye ' Avas said, and uncle Avas thanked for the £20 lie put into my hands at parting as a Avedding present. He couldn't be persuaded to come to our Avedding, being a great sufferer from rheumatic gout, and terrible short in his temper, though a Avorthy man as ever lived ; and I set off with my best foot foremost to keep our tryst. " For. the first mile all Avent Avell enough ; then my bootlace broke and hindered me sadly, and it came on to rain — a nasty, small, spiteful rain, which AA'etted one to the skin, Avithout even darkening the dust. Still I struggled on ; Fred Avas already on his Avay to meet me ; Fred's arm would soon be at my service ; Fred's voice Avould make music in my ears ; I Avas to be mar ried to Fred to-morroAv. What Avas a little discomfort compared to such good luck as that? I struggled on. Suddenly, hoAvever, the sound as of a horse galloping struck upon my ears, and 1 stood still to listen. The part of the road I had reached by this time had borne an evil reputation as long as I could remember, from tAvo murders having been committed there, and the fact, that a gang of highwaymen at one time infested Condi cote's Wood to such an extent that no unarmed person ever thought of going that Avay. Still, of late no mis adventure had occurred, so I did not feel exnclly alarmed — rather surprised and curious. Thud ! thud ! beat the horse's hoofs upon the road. Presently I saAV with some difficulty — for it Avas already dark — a man riding at full speed toAvard me, and I turned with fright lest he should be the bearer of ill tidings from home- — some one come to tell me that father or mother Avas dead, or that Fred had met AA'itli some dreadful acci dent. A moment's reflection, hoAvever, shoAved me the utter absurdity of such fears, and I drew to one side to let him pass, Avhen, seeing me standing there beside the hedge, he pulled up all of a sudden, almost flinging his horse, Avhich was flecked Avith foam , and snorted with excitement, on his haunches, and exclaimed : — " ' You'd better turn back, young Avoman, and make all the haste you can home, for I've just been attacked by tAvo scoundrels this side of Condicote's Wood ; and if you go on, murdered you'll be as sure as my name's what it is.' "'But my home's on the other side of the Avood,- Sir,' I answered, in vague consternation, ' and I must get back to-night, for I am going to be married to-mor row.' 1 v" ' Buried, more likely,' rejoined he, bluntly, ' unless you take my advice.' " I stood silent, scarce able to think Avith terror and anxiety — terror lest I should be waylaid and robbed of my £20, AA'hich I carried in a little bag upon my arm ; anxiety lest Fred should even noAV be on his Avay toAvard the Avood and thus fall a prey to these felloAvs' bludgeons before I could Avarn him of his danger. " ' I tell you Avhat,' exclaimed the man suddenly, < you jump up behind me and I'll take you as far as the cross-roads ; you'll be able to go home another Avay then. Go back Avith you I can't, for I already run a fair chance of being benighted.' " O, but Sir,' I commenced, plaintively, ready to burst out a-crying, I Avas so perplexed and alarmed. " ' You needn't be afraid of trusting yourself Avith me,' he pursued ; ' I'm a butcher at Swettenham, by name John Pretyman, Avith a mother and sister, and as Avell known as the toAvn clock.' " ' Yes, I daresay,' I aiisAvercd ; ' but if it was ever so I couldn't turn back uoav, for my — my intended's coming to meet me at the wood, and if .' don't get there before him he'll be murdered as sure £is sure.' " And therewith I started off to run as fast as my legs could carry me. But o ohn Pretyman Avas a man of spirit, and not to be undone in resolution by a girl.' " ' Stop a minute,' cried he, spurring after me. ' As you value your good name, stop.' " I stopped. j " ' If you will go on,' continued he, seeing that I had come to a standstill, ' AA'hicl I think doAvnright Avrong, mind you— if you will go rin, however, let me do this! 1 11 -ri.de alter you to that clump of oaks, do you see?' pointing to three trees AA'hich > grew together by the side of the road, < and then . I'll Italic and laugh as loud as ever I can, so that these rasl-als, avIio, if they've stayed Avlicre I left them, aren't far off, may fancy that some one's nigh at hand, and so let you pass unmolested for fear of being caught.' " ' Oh, thank you, Sir,' I exclaimed with deepest gratitude. " ' And if I hear you scream,' he Avent on, ' I'll come to your" assistance, that you may be sure ; besides, you can say if they meddle Avith you that your brother's just behind. And iioav good night, and may God protect you.' " ' Amen !' I said, and I set my face toAvards the Avood as faint of heart as a mouse. " By degrees, hoAvever, my agitation subsided a little, and the moon chancing just then to sIioav her face among the clouds, I Avas able to see things more clearly as they Avere ; also I could hear John Pretyman ha- haing and shouting in the distance enough for six, and that alone gacre me no small confidence, for he Avas a stout and lusty man to all appearance, and one on Avhom dependence might be placed. " At the time of Avhich I am speaking, iioav some 50 years ago," Condicote and the country thereabouts was as Avild as any you coulcl find, for the railways, flu. ugh thought of and even begun in some places — 1 remember it aa'asn't long after that that poor Mr. Huslcisson lost his life at Parksido — hadn't got as far as us, and every thing Avas pretty much the same as in the days Avhen Baron Gilbert, the robber, li.vetl in the White Cave Avith Dame Isola and Father James, and the p< ople used to keep him in food and AYine as good as could be got for fear of having their houses burned about (heir ears by his black riders. " The Avood, or rather plantation, where I expected to meet Fred, and beneath aa'hich. in all probability lurked the highwaymen,- secure from detection among the bracken and brambles fringing the hedge, lay on my right hand just beyond the bend in the road aa'hich I Avas fast approaching. On I. Avnlked, quick and straight, commending my soul mcamvhilc to God if so be that I should be killed, and praying that no mischance might happen to him avIio Avas so dear to me. The. moon still lent her Avelcome light, and a star glittered here and there ; a little Avind sprang up, too, 1 remember, and rustled the leaA-es overhead so that I had hard Avork not to break into a run, I Avas so frightened ; and I did not care to run, having heard that nothing so surely pro vokes the brutality of cowards as defeneelessness and fear. " So I fared till I reached the turn. Then I stopped short, as if rooted to the ground. Even now the horror of that aAvful moment rises fresh and vivid in my mind. "Coming up the road,. Avhich Avas noAv flooded Avith moonshine, and as aa'hite as ivory, Avas Fred. I could not mistake his walk, his voice ; he was singing a favourite song of mine, ' Tom BoAvling.' Perhaps you knoAV it." I nodded. " I don't knoAv whether he saAV me ; I think he could scarcely have, for hardly had I set eyes on him Avhen out sprang two men from tlie hedge right into his path, and doAvn he Avent beneath them like a sack of coals. I screamed, I yelled, till my eyes were ready to drop out of my head ; for all the hope I ever had of seeing him again alive lay in my being able to attract John Prety- man's attention and bring him to the rescue. That he heard me Avas soon made evident, for before my third shriek had died aAvay a horse's hoofs sounded in the dis tance, and I heard him shouting Avith all his might, ' Thieves ! murder ! help ! help !' Then I took courage and ran as fast as ever I could, to where the rascals were bending over my poor dear, stripping him perhaps of. every penny of ready money he had in the Avorld, and so making us beggars for the. next six months to come. "No sooner did they -see me, the paltry Avretchcs, than they straightened themselves up and made off to right and left, One scrambled up into the aa'Ood, and the other broke through the hedge into the fields, leav- ing Fred stretched out upon the road insensible, his face crimson Avith blood, which flowed from a cut over, his left temple, and one arm broken' from a IiIoav Avith a loaded cane, aa'hich was afteiwards found Avith that pic ture in the ditch. " To sit me down upon the road and take his dear head, all the pretty golden hair dank and dark with blood,, upon my lap, was the work of a moment ; another, and John Pretyman stood beside me. " Gently they lifted him up into the waggon. Quickly I got in and sat doAvn by his side. Mr. Pretyman re mounted his horse, the carter ' getAvoaded ' and cracked his Avhip, and aAvay a\'c went, as mournful a sight as can Avell be imagined. " When we got home — Fred moaned twice during cur journey, without opening his eyes though, or in any other Avay exhibiting signs of consciousness — John Pretyman, who had insisted on coming Avith us, much as 1 begged him not to, thinking that I had given him quite enough trouble for one night, bade me sit still Avlierc 1 Avas until lie had broken the iicavs to father and mother, so as not to alarm them more than Avas un avoidable. " Alter a bit — it might be ten minutes-: — out thev came ; mother carrying a candle, as white as a ghost, father Avith a bottle of brandy in one hand and a glass in the other, and John Pretyman bringing up the rear. " ' No wending to-morrow, my girl,' said father, as he felt Fred's pulse, and gazed- into his blood-stained face ; ' it's a rare had job.' " Then a great wave of grief swept over" me, for I knew that was father's way of telling me he would die. " They took him into the house and laid him on the parlour couch, and Mr. Pretyman rode off for the doctor who lived three miles away at Overstone, hut it did not seem to me much use. I was dazed and dull with sorrow. " The doctor came and looked at his arm and strapped the wound on his head ; the arm, he said, could not be set until the swelling went down, but his words went in at one ear and out of another as far as I was concerned. Somehow I knew that all was over — that soon he \ould be dead. " How that night went I have no recollection. People tiptoed into the room, and tiptoed out again. I sat on, and mother brought me a cup of tea just as the daylight struggled whitcly through the blinds. " ' You will be ill, too,' said she, 'if you fret on like this ; and t.h»re is no reason. The doctor says he will be better presently.' " ' Oh, ves,' I answered with a smile. ; ' he is sure to be better presently.' " All the next day, our wedding day, he lay in that unconscious state ; the doctor came and examined him, but he did not set his arm, the inflammation being too severe. " About half-past six, however — I know it was half- past six, because T remember seeing the reapers go down the lane ; harvest was rather late that year, owing to a wet Spring — he moved and opened his eyes. -tI was still sitting beside him with his hand in mine. " At first lie seemed hardly to understand where lie was, which was not to be wondered at. We seldom sat in tlie parlour except on Sundays, and when a neigh bour came into tea. Gradually though his mind cleared, and he tried to raise himself upon his arm. " ' Don't,' I exclaimed ; ' it's broken.' " ' What ? ' he said ; and then he looked down at it as it hung useless, swathed in wet bandages. " 'Don't you remember,' I pursued, 'what happened last night ? ' " l ie shook his head. '4 ' Not how you were knocked down and robbed ? ' " He shook his head again. Then he seemed to doze. " ' Darling ! ' h whispered all of a sudden, tightening his hold upon my hand — 'darling ! ' and he looked up into my face. " 1 ii.'at over him. My hrevth came quick. I felt I was in the presence of something greater than lore, than life. " ' Iviss me,' lie murmured ; and I kissed him. " When my lips left his he was dead." " Poor granny," I whimpered, burying my face upon her knees, young stupid that 1 was. " Poor dear granny." " Every one was good to. me," pursued she with a sigh at length—1 " very. I was let to get well as I could. Some days seemed worse than others, such as our birthdays, and the day we were engaged, and his death-day, and the nights were very weary ; but by degrees the edge wore off my trouble, and I came to take an interest in calves, and crops, and chickens, and such-like things again. I think it was the Christmas alter we lost him — I say 'we,' meaning it for father and mother ; I'm sure she loved liim as a son from the day he gave them leave to do so by asking me to be his wife — 1 think it was the Christmas following that Mr. Pretyman looked in one afternoon on his way to Over- stone to inquire how we did, and if father had any beasts at Smithfield that year. " ' You must come over some market-day, ma'am,' said Mr. Pretyman to mother, as he got up to shake hands at parting, ' and bring Miss Charity. Maybe a change would cliecr her up, and I'm sure she and my sister Belle would hit it off finely ; for Belle's as good- liearted a girl as there is in the world, and anxious to 4 make her acquaintance, so do you see what can be Hnno' " We wont of course ; and mother's shopping over we made our way to Mr. Prctyman's, as I knew we should, and lie brought us on here. We came up in to th is room to take off our bonnets. It was impossible not to be delighted with Mrs. Pretyman vnd Belle, who were quite the nicest women 1 had ever met, and our visit concluded with mutual invitatiions and assurances of the pleasure we felt in making each other's acquaint ance Belle was to come and stay with us ; I was to go and stay with thorn. They had heard of my sudden and terrible bereavement from John, who was evidently without peer and perfect in their estimation — and really lie did show to gaea-ad vantage as host and head of the fi n lily — aud they extended toward mc the readiest sun pa thy and even friendship ; indeed, as I have said I , f, it vras quite impossible to resist the laseination of their homely benevolence. \- jftFor some time— it might bo a year and a half— this intimacy continued without let or hindrance. The Ijgjjghbours smiled when I mentioned Mr. Pretyman ; and one or two old friends, such as Mrs. Baker, of East Hay, find Mrs. Lyon, of Cleverly, went as far as to hint that some dsy — but I never would have it ; indeed, it used to make me very angry when such a thing was said in my presence. I was so c-rtnin that I could never lovr any one again ns I loved my dear. And I was right. But love is not all of one sort, any more than flowers ; and she who . should despise the violet because it is not the rose would be justly termed foolish by all sensible persons. Mind that. Barbara. " Well, as I say, things kept pretty even until one day father informed mc that John Pretyman wanted to pay me his addresses. " ' It is no good,' I replied. ' 1 (hall never mairy. You must tell him so.' " ' Don't he such a fool, girl ! ' exclaimed father quite angrily. ' I'll he the hearer of no such message. Pretyman's a match for the Mayor's daughter ; what can you be a-thinking about? ' " ' I was thinking of him who is gone, said I sadly ; whereon father's face softened; but he ceased not to protest against my folly, as lie was pleased to term it. " At length, however, by dint of earnest and grave pleading and mother's intercession, it was settled that I should be given a year to consider my final answer ; Mr. Pretyman meanwhile to visit at the house and see as mueli of me as urns convenient and agreeable to all parties. Belle was very desirous that I should he her sister-in-law, and the old lady signified her willingness to embrace me as a daughter with equal promptitude. " ' 1 shall soon lie beside my dear John.' said she to me one Sunday afternoon as we walked in the garden ; ' his father, than whom no truer Christian or nobler man ever lived ; and knowing as I do the blessings which arise from a prudent and reasonable marriage, I should go to m v last home happier for the thought that my good son was united to a God-fearing and loving wife ; So4f you can bring yourself to sec his virtues and care for him my dear, pray do so, and you will add a mother's gratitude to the rest of your possessions.' " ' Dear madam,' L exclaimed, 'Mr. Pretyman's vir tues ar« very evident to me and all who know him ; but E am as much a widow as yourself, and have no heart to give to an j man.' " Whereupon the dear lady laid her hand tenderly upon my arm, and gazd at me long and pitingly. " ' Poor young thing,' said she ; ' may God comfort you, my child. " Months passed, and still no change occurred in my attitude of mind towards my much respected suitor. Then Mrs. Pretyman died of inflammation of the lungs, taken whilst superintending the planting of those rose trees by the summer-house, and Belle w>nt for change of air, being far from well herself, to Scotland, and John was left by himself to bear up against his sorrow as best he could. " About that time, too, father fell ill of the complaint which ultimately carried him off, though lie lived for three years after his first attack ; and what with the disturbed state of the country — ricks blazing in all directions — and the badness of the season, we were in no small trouble I do assure you. " During this period of distress and anxiety mother found Mr. Pretyman's advice and practical knowledge — for he was a farmer as well as a butcher — of the utmost assistance. Indeed I think wc must have been beggared had lie not stood between us and ruin, with his purse n ady in his hand to supply deficiencies, and his head full of plans for our benefit. " Seeing as much of him as I now did, being the daily, hourly witness, L may say, of his' goodness, I should have been a perfect monster of ingratitude if it had produced no effect upon my feelings. " Fred's memory was just as precious to me as it had always been. I did not love, your grandfather any more than I had ever loved him, but by degrees I grew to tliink of him as I thought of no one else ; to look upon him as his mother had looked upon his father, as the truest of Christians and noblest of turn. And so it came to pass that when the day came round on which he was to ask me for my final answer to his offer, that answer was ' Yes 1 ' xes ! to the joy ol every one con cerned, I do believe— meaning relatives — and most certainly to my profit and happiness throughout these two-and-forty years that, we be v. lived as man and wife." " And is that all ? " I inquired after a pause. " Yes, my dear, answered granny ; and quite enough, too, 1 think." " Oh, but I don't ! " I returned hastily ; " I should like to know what you were married in, and how much you spent on your trousseau, and a heap more." "" " Dear, dear," laughed she ; " as if that mattered. " As if it didn't ! " responded . " But what a wonderful story, and every word true j " "Every word true,"' echoed my grandmother solemnly ; " true as gospel." . , . " Fancy !" I ejaculated ; and tlierey/ith fell a-musing, Fred Alwyne's portrait on my knee 4— there is so much food for reflection in these stray rhnpt ;rs from unwritten books. | i' I i 