JERILEDRIE. (FBOM A CORRESPONDENT). Many of your readers have never enjoyed the pleasure of a visit to the City of the Plains, .known 1 as Jerilderie, and are tnerefore to the present time ' Strangers to all its charms and beauiies. There was a time when this little town made no small stir in the land, when by good seasons and heavy clips the bucolic system was kept iu the best of trim, while pastoral shows and other entertainments were the order of the day, and health, wealth, and happiness seemed to crown the land. Those were jolly days for Jerilderie. Since then, however, things have changed most lamentably, and after a short absence one cannot but look with feelings of sadness and disappointment at the changes that have taken place in so short a time. Some of these changes are ascribed to our great and common enemy—the drought. Two dry seasons have altered the whole aspect of affairs—the fine luxuriant grass which at one time adorned the plains is gone from off the face of the earth, not a vestiee of it is remaining; a man might travel fifty miles and not find a straw tocleanhispipe with. Consequently there is a corresponding change in the appearance of stock on the runs. The fine, fat, fleecy sheep thatdisported themselves upon the plains are now nowhere to be seen ; thousands of them have descended to take their last drink, and then surrendered to the hardness of the times ; their carcases now contribute pollution to the stagnant waters of the Billabong ; others that still live are not at all like their former selves, but are only the ghosts of by-gone days. The percentage of lambs this season cannot be but very small,«and the number of fat sheep that can be spared from this district will be much smaller, for it will take the stockowner some time to regain the number of bis losses. Hard asthe times have fared with sheep, in the nature of things it has fared much harder with cattlo and horses. I carefully watched to see if Cobb and Co. would take the harness off and turn the cobs adrift to get their own supper on the plains, as in days of yore ; but no, they were taken to the stable, the only place where feed could be procured. Many of these good old stagers, that never stuck at sixty or eighty miles, now lie bleaching on the plains, within sight of the township. As for cattle, a few of them still exist, being fed|on the tops of the trees. It is said to be a long lane that has no turn in it—even the clerk of the weather could hold on his way no longer, it was becoming too monotonous even for him, so he ordered a change, and this week the long detested drought came to an end, and was buiied in the oblivion of the past, without a sigh or a tear amidHt the joyful acclamation of thousands. The earth being well saturated with water, grass is already showing signs of life, and will soon be sufficent for present requirements. Another new feature in this part of the oountry is, ftat it has entered upon an era in ito history that may well be designated the "iron age," fur the whole oountry consists of little else than sheet iron and feroing wire—the former in the shape of habitable dwell* ings, and the latter iu the form of fences. The whole district has the appearance of a battle field, on which there has been a regular stand-up fight between the lessees of the runa and the land shark for the possesion of those broad acres. These battles have ended, as battles generally d->, in the triumph of wealth anil might over limited means and weakms:; and although Ijr a time the conflict ecenjed doubtful, yet by degrtel almost the whole of this large district is going back to i'sorieinal holders. Here and there a few selectors are trying to make bomeB, but long ere this they must hate i' ample t.uie to repent at leisure the hasty steps that It agbt them to this land of drought, designated in Ciuel irony f " the future grantfry of Australia." Cooim* . irei LU u .>.. .'- UC.tcu at a glance that the picturesque was not en important requisite fnr a township in the dayB of its formation, for Jerilderie and its surroundings are as innocent of beauty as nothing can well be—in fact, the whole affair is aa p ain as a pike staff. Tet during the past few years tbe ..own haB considerably increased in size and appearanoe, and there must be a good deal of business transscted to make so many establishments necessary. Some of the buildings would do credit to a much larger town ; such as tbe public school, the business of which is ably presided over by Mr Elliott, an industrious and painstaking teacher; and the Court-house, in which sits generally a local staff of magistrates, to talk of the glorious uncertainty of law. Hotel accommodation is not at all bad. The old Royal, although managed by a new boat, keeps up the good reputation it has borne for years in supplying the wants of man and beast. Apart from these few exceptions I cannot speak very flatteringly of this town. It seems like a place for whom no one care6, and it is suffering from the want of some leading spirit to push on its intertetB. Since the rain the street or road is in a lamentable state; as for footpaths for the convenience of predestrians, such things seem not to have been thought of. The burial ground, a short way out of the town, as seen from a distance, resembles a few eheep hurdles s'uck up, and is without the least protection. Hitherto the dead of Jerilderie have but little to be thankful for. But the worst feature in Jerilderie life is seen from a moral point of view—judged in this light it is decidedly bad. I am told that months pass by without a visit from any Protestant minister, so that rarely indeed are the warning and consoling notes of the (jospel sounded there. In the days of old that famous traveller, Mr. Ware, paid regular visits,and his services and bodily presence were not unacceptable to the people. Tben the services of Mr Ft thcrstonhaugh were obtained. Tbia gentleman, no doubt, could manage a buggy and pair or four-in- nand very well, but he seems to have had no mind to grasp intelligibly the great truths of the Godpel, and having this want of a well-balanced mind, it was much to be regretted that he ecsayed to teach others what he could not comprehend himself. Without laying the blame at anyone's door, let it suffice to say that there is no such thing as a Sabb ath Cay at Jerilderie. The bar6 of many of the public-houses are wide open for the sale of liquor. There are no shutters to the shop windows, and the doors are only closed until the first cuatomerarrives, nhilein tbe streetB teamsters may be seen loading and unloading their wares. Now, for such things even the moBt ignorant are without excuBe. I hear that in future, tbe town and Bome of the neighbouring statious are to be regularly supplied with religious ordinances, and it is to be hoped that while the return of good seasons will change the natural aspeot of things, the proclamation of the GoBpel may also produce a reformation in the hearts and lives of 