LOOK TO I OUR NOSE. . [QBABHIO.] This is a very common,.expression; but there ib more ia it than at ?> first -meets the eye; Ndsedlogy is a ne glected science. Dr. Watts wrdte'T*' ' The mind's tho stautod of the man. Noseologisfcs have a different idea. .Their great apostle, Mr, Sloane, thought that the nose is the true needle to point to the loadstone of heart and mind alike. It ia the, most prominent outoome of the inner na ture. It attaches to itself all the men tal superiority of the human cosrao gony. The varieties of noses are legion the shades of difference are multifari I ous, even in noses with a like general outline. These differences are percep tible, yetiir may cases so faintly that; one would almost need go into loga rithms to estimate prpcis&ly.; The con-: tour of the face affects noses greatly,! and a like pattern of a nose on a fair, man presents a difference of appear-, ance upon a dark; and on fair andj dark alike the weather, worry, or sick-; ness makes a wonderful alteration. In-! to the minutw of noses, however,! there is little need to enter, as most ob-; servers oan take Btook of them after a! description oftbefour generio types.; As the study progresses the types can; be divided and subdivided according to; the keenness of the observation of the: reader. The generio order of noses isi bere put tlius : 1\. The Pug. ^ 2\. The Eoman, 3\. The Grecian. j: 4\. The Qrecian, or Composite Or-; der. The pug nose.^w et simple, it will readily be admitted by all-except, perhaps, its possessor-is by no means an attractive feature in the face, espe cially if the upward curve starts about a third of the distance from whouco the organ ia eliminated from the foro head. There are pug uoaea, especially in Iriahmon, if not too much elevated skyward, which are not without hu mour if they happen to be set oft1 with twinkHng bluQ'or li^ ?if/tbe' u'X wftlii"at each side.are not ©xjp^ijaiviey'thie -jjtfg nbse is 'alrriqet nexti to-repulsive. As a rule, from a pug ^6^e;;snp^je,m^^tary tio an opaque facej the writer. instinctively reooils. The ^jW^of'tK^bramon pug is eeldom aj bnliiant individual, but if he happens t'p 'poa'seea talents, it may almost be ac ''septet} bs pin a?!iqm that he is overheat-, |ing.-- 'Not uufrequoufcly he in laborious, '^nxiQUB to! lelirn, but rarely can get further than an incoueequeutial sneer. The poinraon pug has something like the ferocity of tbo bull dog about it,; with the vacillating nature of the pugiq the canine species. The owner ofthq uncommon pug by no means bears so bad a character. There is something more intellectual about him, although it is said by nomologists that he is a combination between a prizefighter and a drunken politician, and it would go agaiust the grain to declare that" ho one with an uncommon pug nose coulcj be either a sculptor, a poet, or a pain* ter." Eecent history has told us very differently. i The common Roman nose is held in little repute by those who' are attempt! ing to revive 'this' unhappily neglected aoiQnce!, ,of- noseology... .. . thq bridge it, is -rounded off to ijbe;iipj If,; qit^fcrppgly 'tn'arked1 ;the ?foshibni io'f thiB'ilate Iron Duke,'the mind i8 not of the highest, order*; barely risies above medipprifcy. (tbe ,m'an owner of the.nose,, it'sbpuld,be under! Btood), and bedizens itself on "breast ^nd. Jqgers with ,gaudy, jewels. .The uncommon Roman hose MB- altogether of a differeut^calibTev ^There is some tjjiqg, aboijt it which must,,.pss^.rt "it self if cultureibas been added:; to thp proboscis;;, ,'lt jji ;u kjtld';of,'rigayvJiica overcomes all opposition,, which had enabled men to conquer mortal achiever raepts~",to mpjuld the, world to their will.''"' Notably, to use Sloane's words in; our'century, Na^pleo'n '.itid Wei* 'lingtdu;; were, jn ? the;' possession of such noses,; " Napoleon new tbe secrets of t)b8eo:]ogyf" !;hef, khew What radyantages there; were in a good Roaian noset He selected his generals, and put them into places, of trust and confix dence by the length and height oj their noses. The Dulce of- .Welliqg* ton, : one of , the inost illustrious warriors in times ancient. or modern^ had a strikingly Soman nose. By this nose, beN conquered Napoleon,, and in that nose saved Britain from becoming a province of France. May she evei; have such a nose in emergencies/' and ao on. -. .. ? ? ? ? ? Tbe Grecian nose, straighter than the Koman, lacks the fiery energy, It is more characteristic of amiability and refinement. It indicates passion, too, but its real passion means not the sword or the spear, but the lute of Apollo and the brush of Apelles. Byron fought and died for that nose, yet still the cup of Saurian wine needB to be swallowed under protest. But it is a comfort to think that there are other noees not BO bad &B; the pug, nor BO valiant, as the Eoman, nor quite so refined as the Grecian, but possessing in a mixed degree the best qualities of all, guided by a wise disi cretion. This in noseology is called theN Composite nose, and it is the sort that is generally met with in the streets, " It should run in a direct angle," we are told, from the forehead; should.be straight, regular, and of a good size; " Facts prove and circumstances con* firm that this order is suited for,at> taininj* eminence in any. of the arts and sciences, in the senate or the barj in commerce or in agriculture. ' The toper's nose speaks for itself; It is not by any means comely, but| there is a certain' amount of jollity about it whioh ;even,'Sir Wilfred Law son. could scarcely fail to appreciate in presence of the owner. It bespeaks sack more than solids. Flat noses are held in less esteem by noseologists than any other pattern. It is argued that the flatness of the nose indicates flatness ofaiind, and that no nation of flat noses have ever made their way upon the earth. So far as what we understand by civilisation this idea cannot be satisfactorily dis puted. It needs no ghost from the grave to tell that the hooked noBe behind, which is set the keen eye belongs to" the race of the Father of the Faithful-that race wb.iob, enduring muoh oQutamely and cruel persecution through long centuries, persevered through all its toils, trials, and shocking-sufferings in accumulating that powerful agency called lucre to such an amount that it, may 'almost safely be said to rule the! world'.1 1 Sloahe has a wonderful ap preciation of this nose. He is more eloquent about it than any of the: others, taking it from a pecuniary' standpoint. He asks, where are the Pharaohs, and then says, "That nose which toiled and strained under the whip of a task-master still exists in all its hooked rotundity, as large and as well defined as ever, whilst the nasal or gan of the oppressor has vanished, and; nowhere exists save in the remains o.f : its sculpture." 'THE following ago the amounts which bave been expended at some of the: principal British ports on fortifications up to March last: - Portsmouth, £3,000,900; Plymouth, £1,474,044} Pembroke, £305,766 5 Portland, £455,604; GraveBend, £320,515 ; Chatham, £273,983 ; Sheernoas, £360,280; Dover, £293,844; Cork, £191,341. The sum of £392,510 6s. 5d. was spent iu providing and fixing iron shields, and, with incidental oxpensoa, works, experiments, surveys, and legal and incidental charges, the: total amount expeuded has been' , £7,297,321. ' 