MISCELLANY. Cool, bat not always collective—An ice bilL Rhetorical " Boll."—A parad-or. Texas wheat is so high that grasshoppers have to walk on Btilta. Musical Execution. — Hanging upon a note. Difficult Man to Divorce,—One wedded to tala own ideas. The Most Patient Objects in the Share of Humanity.—Statuee. For Mothers.—A baby, says a French writer, is an angel whose wings decrease as its legs increase. " If it wasn't for hope the heart wonld break," as the old lady said when she buried her seventh husband. Not maDy women are blacksmiths, we learn from the Worcester " Press," " but most of them can shoo a hen." A Direction.—George H. Butler will make a tour of this country to thrash the editors who have called him a scoundrel. Up f our flights of stairs and turn to the left, Georgy.—Detroit Free Press. "When a great man dies," says Quilp, "the flri-t thing done is to resolve to build a monu ment to his memory, and the second is-^not to build it." A witness on the stand, in reply to a question as to what the character o( Mr. — was for truth and veracity, said : " Well, I should say that be handles truth very carelessly " The Eev. Joseph Cook inquires, "Does death end all ?" There may de exceptions, but it is safe to say that it ends nine out ct every ten.—Wor cester Press. Safe Inference.—When we see a man Standing out with an umbrella to keep the rain off from his potato patch, we know that he is a boos. farmer.—Borne Sentinel. Lucus a non Lucendo.—Small Boy.—"I say. Cousin Constance, I've found out why you alwiva call your mamma ' mater.'" Cousin.—" Why, Guy Small Boy.—"Because she's always trying to And a mate for you girls."—Punch. Unhappy City.—George Francis Train says he finds Boston " corroded with tbe midnight livery of unutterable gloom"—a conditiou we have ourselves noticed, but omitted to mention, having relatives there.—Danbury News. A Good Reason. — "Susan," said the maoame ota boarding-school, "you say your young mistress wishes to absent herself from the class room this altemoon; is the reason for her staying away very urgent ?" " Yes, mum, it is 'er gent."—Hew Orleans Republican. No Trouble —It was a Chicago girl who remarked to a troublesome lover tbe other evening as he was about to depart: "If it's just as well, you needn't trouble yourself to call any more." " On, it's no trouble," exclaimed the chap, earnestly. " It's no trouble at all; I like to call." Cautious.—An individual noted for his unswerving veracity wss telling a rather tough yarn to an admiring crowd. Some sceptical person shook his head, and offered to bet that tbe story was an inven tion. " Well," drawled the Imperturbable narrator, " 1 won't bet, because I'm not quite sure, but I'll take my solemn oath it's true." Unbelfish.—A man who from his youth upwards bad been leading a most irregular lite suddenly ended his bachelor career by marrying a widow worth forty thousand pounds. " Don't im agine," said he to one of his friends," that I am simply marrying for money. If she bad had only twenty thousand pounds I should have married her joet the same." Art and Economy.—When farmer Badge read that a bull painted by Rosa JBonhenr sold for five thousand dollars, he remarked to his wife that be didn't see how a coat of paint could so greatly en hance the valne of the animal, bnt if Rosa didn't charge more than 10 dollars he wonld get her to paint his null in the spring. And his economical wife replied that she thought he might paint it himself and save his 10 dollars. The indications are now that the hull will be painted.—Norristown Herald. A Brute.—" Ton couldn't," shouted our irrepressible, as a bachelor visitor finished an eulogiom on cremation by an expressed wish that, rather than be "coffined, cribbed, confined," be might beoome the subject of a Hindoo suttee; "yon couldn't, you katraM*» Mr* ana trtfa I " •• Tkot.'a nn msttiif " imtnrlaH haven't got any wife 1" " That's no matter," growled the colonel as he beat a hasty retreat (the oolonel is aleo not connubial), " that's no matter. Plenty of men would be glad to lend me theirs for the oooasion." Tbe oolonel has no card tor our suburban kettledrum next week.—Boston Advertiser. Impudence.—A gentleman residing in a neat, modest cottage in the suburbs, caught a tramp prowling abont hie back yard, evidently trying to steal something. "Why don't you come to Hie front door if yon want anything 1' indignantly roared tbe proprietor. "That's what I was looking lor," was Impudent reply. " Didn't yon see it on the othera of ibe house? retorted the gentleman. "Hoim to know that was the trout door? go silv plate, no bell, no telephone, no statuary, to take your .bat and cane. TeU your gentleman out here who is weiring for his breakfast." Wbenthq gentleman got back with bis shotgun the iramp was not there any more —San Antonio Herald. A Disappointed Man.—In a dim, uncertain twilight of the soft Hay evening, a distracted figure was seen hastily flitting down the street of an Ohio town in the direction of the railway station. It slapped a lank and hungry gripsack on the bracket of the ' window and demanded in husky tones, "Tikt!" "Where to 5" calmly asked the unruffled monopolist . behind the window. " 'Awhere ! Anywhere !" was the trended response. "Anywhere ? Clear through! Clean across. To Burgtarry, or Prooahy, or on the Danube, or Diffendorfer, or any place. Anywhere out of an un grateful country that coolly turns its back upon its de serving. children. Anywhere out of America." And he bowed his head and wept He was the only man in Ohio that didn't get an office.—Burlington Hawk eye. An Old Time Scene in the Senate—* Tburman was reading an extract from Burke, Edmund Burke, the British statesman, when Zach rose and said, "No, sir; no, sir-no. I tell the senator to bis face that it is a forgery—and he knows it. He shall not shoulder such infernal staff on my old friend. He iB absent, sir, but his reputation is here in my keeping." "Why, man alive, said t po litical friend in a low tone, " he is quoting from the great English orator, Edmund Burke." "How ?" asked Each, craning his neck with hand to ear. "Why, he is reading from Edmund - Burke, of England." Chandler took. " Mr. President," he cried, " I beg the gtntiemau's pardon. I am told he is reading from a —— Britisher, and not from my old friend Edmund Burke, of New Hampshire. I never heard of his Edmund Burke, and don't want to hear. I hate the whole lot of them." And Zachariah subsided.— American paper. Facing Death.—Brother Gardner was yes. terday whitewashing the back end of an old house in Catherine-street, when the staging gave way, and he I had a fall of about 16 feet. Be was senseless when picked up, but a man poured about a gallon of water down his back and brought him to. Mr. Gardner thus explains matters to the reporters" Waal, I was up dar, sn* dar was de house, an' dar was de scaffold, an' dar we all was I was jess drawin' dat brush aroun' to kill, when I felt a goneness. Beemed I was prancin' aroun' on de air, wid no chance to dig in my toes " " Why didn't you fall at once, and have the affair off your mindT' asked a policeman. "Why didn't I fall! Why, sab, 1 was fallin' all de time. I went down 'bout 60 feet head fust, an' den I changed and went sideways, and den I struck on one foot and boat ears. All dis time I was doin' some power ful thiokln', I was." "Did you think of oysters fried with crumbs ?" asked a reporter. " Doan be talkin1 dat way, boy. I 'membered all my bad deeds while I was gwine down, an' I called out dat I would live a better life il de shock didn't kill me." In the group was a coloured man whose face brightened at these words, and he sottly asked:—"Brudder Gardner, doan' you'member de twodollara you borrowed o'me?' ** I do." " Den pay it— han' it over. De shock didn't kill you, and now begin on dat better life." " Brudder Jones," solemnly replied Gardner, "de shock didn't kill me dead, but befo' I pays out any money Izegwlne to wait de result on my nervous system. I 'pears to be all right, but, possumly, I may be fatally injured in some of de comers and not know it for a month. Q' lang, Brudder Jones, an* doan' rob de cradle am' de grave! "—Detroit Free Press. Hibernating Infants.—In this grave fashion does the "New York Times" describe a method alleged to be adopted by some Indian tribes for disposing of their children during the winter Early in November the Owasso father prepares as many waterproo! birch-bark bags as he has infants. In each of these he places a baby, and then, having sealed up the bags with native pitch, carries them to a lake lying some distance north-west of Lake Superior. This lake is in a wild and desolate region, into which few white men have penetrated, and in which no Owasso ever thinks of fishing. In its deep waters he sinks the bags and their infantile contents, and then wends his way homeward with the happy air of a man who has proved himself a kind fattier and secured the certainty of a quiet winter. When May arrives and the ice has melted, the Owasso father takes his grappling hook and seeks again the lake at the bottom of which rests bis hermetically pealed children. It usually takes him hut little time to fish up his family, as he knows exactly where the bags lie. Sometimes an unprincipled father is guilty of poaching among other men's babies, and occasionally the wrong baby is caught by mistake. Poaching, whether intentional or accidental, is, however, so severely punished that offences and mistakes of the kind are exceedingly rate. When the bags ate opened the babies are found to be sleeping so soundly that they have to be shaken with considerable energy before they awake. As soon, however, &b; they regain consciousness, they clamour for food in a way that clearly demonstrates their healthy and vigorous con dition. There are sceptics who will deny that a hermetically-sealed infant can remain under water for six months without giving up its entire ghost. With such people it is entirely useless to argue. The fact that the Owasso babies do pars their wintera under water, and that 98 per cent, cf them are fished up in a healthy state every spring, rests upon the unimpeach able testimony of a California editor, who derived his knowledge of the matter from a white man who had lived two years with the Owasso tribe. If anyone doubts his story, he is ready to point out on the map tbe precise location of the lake where the inlants spend their winters. It is difficult to imagine that dispassionate men would seek any further evi dence. As for tbe scientific persons who deny that a baby can live for months at tbe bottom of the lake, let tbem experiment with a few Owasso babies before arrogantly deciding what that variety of infant is capable of doing. It must not be supposed that the example of the Owasso fathers is held up for imitation to tbe fathers of inchoate American voters. If any man wishes to see if white babies can hibernate under water, be had belter make his experiments with cau tion. He should begin with his less valuable children, or with a few small brtys borrowed from his neighbours, and in no case should he keep them six months under water. In the case of a small boy who has developed unusual lung-power by constant practice on the tin horn, it might be safe to leave him for three weeks, or even a month, at tbe bottom of a pond, but as a rule every sunken infant should be fished up once a week, lor examination. 