"WESLEYAN CHURCH, LEFEVRE'S PENINSULA. A very interesting ceremony in connection ' with the "Wesleyan Church, on Lefevre's Peninsula, took place on Monday afternoon, August 20. Owing to the increasing Wesleyan congregation in that locality it has long been felt necessary to enlarge the present edifice. Plans were prepared by Mr. Pitt, of Kent Town, for a new transept and Sabbath-school, and the contract was undertaken by Messrs. Robin and Hack, who have so far proceeded with the work as to permit of the foundation-stone being laid on Monday by Mrs. Shorney, wife of Councillor G. Shorney, J.P. The pre sent structure was erected in 1876, and haB sitting accommodation for 170 worshippers, but it is frequently crowded with a much larger number, as on Sunday last, when nearly 300 persons were squeezed into the edifice on the occasion of the anniversary sermon preached by the Rev. Saml. Knight, President of the Con ference. The new transept is 50 feet by 30 feet, and will accommodate about 230 persons, so that when the whole church is fitted anew with Kauri and huon pine seats of the most modern construction there will be sittings for 400 members of the congregation. The plans provide for a future enlargement of the old edifice, so that the structure, when complete, may be 70 feet long-by 50 feet wide. In the present contract it is intended to stucco the front and sides of the church, and give it a finish that will last for many year's. The style of architecture" is simple Gothic. In addition to the new seats there will be a new singing gallery, and a pulpit or platform. The schoolroom at the rear will be 35 feet by 25 feet, with two classrooms of 10 feet by 15 feet each, for Sunday-school and church purposes only. The school for the pre sent will only have a lean-to roof, but it is intended by-and-bye to raise it another story,iind erect more class-rooms. The lower walls are quite substantial enough for this pur pose. The total cost of the alterations will amount to £1,400 or £1,500. The ceremony on Monday-afternoon was of a somewhat modest character, because the congregation look forward to the time when the completion of the building will be entered upon, and a more important demonstration will take " place. The portion that was inaugurated on Monday being but a wing of the church, it was not deemed necessary to go through the formality of placing a bottle of coins, papers, &c.;, beneath the stone. About 150 persons, including the leading-members "of the Church witnessed the ceremony^ which was; begun shortly after 5 o'clock by singing a hymn' and the Rev. 3. Haslam reading an appropriate' portion of the scriptures—I. Chron. xxix, 6-19. Mr. J. B. Hack having offered up a prayer, the Rev. J. Haslam delivered an address, in which he spoke of the progress which Wesleyanism had made since the days of its founder. He said it would be a work of supererogation to set" forth the doctrines of the Church, as they were so well known.'. They were not there to defend the ancient doctrines of 'Wesleyanism, but to endeavor to meet the requirements of the present day. If John Wesley himself could appear again amongst them he would say they' had not changed;, enough, not advanced sufficiently, had not kept abreast with the times, and' that they should be ' more supple and: progressive. After alluding' to the grand dogma of justification by faith, and the doctrine which follows, of the divinity of the Lord Jesus Christ, he said they should be less concerned about the means of salvation so long as they were fight in the results; and so long as men's souls.were saved they were ready to receive all classes of worshippers, or to aid other Churches in the good work. As to the necessity which existed for this enlargement, he could hardly understand how a school of 170 children had been carried on there; they would double their numbers when the new school building was up. He agreed with the words of the Saviour, that his apostles should hot only feed his sheep but feed his lambs. All praise was due to those who, 10 years previously, had erected the present church, and had kejpt up their evangelising efforts and worked with the highest motives to supply a place of worship for those who needed it at the Peninsula. Although they worked within Methodist lines, they had a higher motive than mere deuominationalism. At the close of his address the Bev. Mr. Haslem presented Mrs. Shorney with a handsome silver trowel with ebony handle (manufactured by Wendt), aud bearing the inscription—"Presented to Mrs. Shorney, on the occasion of her laying the foundation-stone of the transept and school of the Wesleyan Church, Semaphore-road, August 20, 1877.." The stone was then lowered into its place, and Mrs. Shorney declared it to be well andtrully laid, in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost. Several persons having placed donations upon the stone, the proceedings of the afternoon were concluded. A tea meeting followed in the church, and the attendance was so large as to necessitate ; the tables being relaid; several times. A public meet-.. ing ensued, when the building was againbrowded. Mr. J. B. Hack, who presided, having congratu lated the Church and congregation on the step they had.takenthat day, and dwelt on the want that had'beeh'felt for some time for additional school accommodation, and the increased effi ciency to' whicli that institution would now be brought, the financial report was read by Mr. Geo. Shorney, JJP. It snowed tbatthe financial year was commenced with a balance in hand of £1518s. 6d. After- deducting the ordinary ex-;_. penditure and two loanB—one for £50 and another for £11 19s.—that had been paid off during the; year, the balance in hand Was £5 4s. 4d. Mr.T. S.Carey,congratulated all present uponhavihgarrived at abright prospect of future usefulness* The enlargement they had com mitted themselves to reminded them of the great spread of religious activity in many partB of the world. He was pleased to see that they were also making provision for the children, in .whom .'was the 'hope of the' future temporally and spiritually. After an address from Oapt. Bickers, the Bev. James Haslam (circuit iminister), in speaking of the work of the church, which was to save men, said a church might he what men often called a " prosperous church" and yet not be n* prosperous church at alii -. There might be nlarge and respectable membership, an overflowing congregation, an eloquent minister, a numerous Sabbath-sohool; commodious and tasteful buildings and no em barrassing debts, andyet if these things were not what they ever ought to be—auxiliaries of noble - work for Christ—it was not a prosperous church at all; - If with all these appliances at hand the sublime work for which our Saviour lived; and labored, suffered, died, arose, ascended,interceded, and SentHis disciples out to labor, suffer, and die was all unaccomplished whatever men might say about that Church our Maker-pronounced it a failure. He then dwelt on-the subject of revivals and conversions, and advised, those present as a church by all means to he 'ever on the look out for conversions; bnt if they did not occur every week they were not to think that nothing was being done. A great deal could be done for a man before conversion, and a great deal more after. And on the other hand if they were, blessed with a few conver : sionsih every month in the year in connection with the regular services, it was not to be sup posed that such an elevating state of things obviated the necessity of. extraordinary ser ' vices and special revivals. They, as a. church, had something to look back I upon, and- that was the . numerous recent !j addition, of members to the cbnrch, which, . were as the addition of living stones to the | spiritual home of Christ, which was day by day I; being upraised, and 'which one day would lie ' completed ~amid the rapturous. shouts of re : deemed humanity. After a comprehensive vote of thanksproposed by Mr.T.Hack, seconded by: Mr. Broadbent, the proceedings closed with the i usual devotional exercises: The proceeds of ' the tea, together with the collections on. the Snnday'and promiBeB, amounted to about £240. The choir, under the leadership of Mr. Charles Hack, sang several selections very creditably. 