3rhq 5. -§. ton*}. TOOIVOOMBA, JUNE 13, 1877. 'FEBIO: TEOO.' Tue division on tho second reading of the Railway Reserves Bill has proved a good deal more than its most fluent advocate had been able to prove in the debate which preceded that division. Tfi.it debate had left behind it a feol insr of disappointment. The Question was confessedly the test question of the session. According to the recep tion allotted to tin's measure, tlie for tune of the Ministry during the ses sion was to be guaged. It was under stood th&t; on each side the speakers wero prepared to exert their utmost powers of argument and declamation for aud against the measure. This understanding was not departed from. The most notable and capable men in tlie House evidently exerted themselves to make an impression according as they favored or opposed the bill. But it cannot be said that any one speaker on either side succeeded in at all ap proaching effectiveness, or in making any sensation whatever. The speeches and arguments fell flatly upon tlie ears of members of the House, aud in no owe instance seemed to furnish — as is usually the cace when a great debate takes place — food for the current dis cussion of the street corners. No one member excited anything approach ing enthusiasm, either within or with out the Asscmblv. The only matter to which the slightest public interest anneared to attach was the actual division, the remarkable inequality of numbers in which stirred for a brief moment the languid pulse of the generality. It is felt that the Ministry has been by that division proved to be strongly supported as regards numbers, aud that the Opposition is inordinately weak in the same respect. But there is, we think, no corresponding senti ment that tlie Ministerial Hide have triumphed in debate, or that the Op position liave failed. The explanation of this appears to us to he that both the House and the country have felt — porhiips without very clearly com prehending how it was so — that the light has been over a shadow. The curious contortions of tho Ministry with regard -o what they have been pleased to call their railway policy has eii'M in cancelling ill1 whole theory of the past two sessions. After Home years of speculative dis cussion, of heated assertion and con tradict inn, and of cloudy theorising, the country and tlie House discovers, or should have discovered, that it has been proceeding in a circle, and has arrived at the point whence it started, attended only by a vapid phantom of the wasted wranglings of two bye goue sessious. The point of depar ture was the old established Bystein of borrowing money to construct public works, trusting to the general revenue to furnish the funds for paying in terest, and to posterity for the dis charge of the principal. Since then we have undergone an epidemical attack of a counter theory that laud is capital, and may be advantageously converted into railways, leaving the general revenue unaffected, except by tUn irMir/v»f. n.rJvn.?iffl.cn-K nf thflt (TCIlGrn] progress, which should result from the facilities afforded for expansion of trade and industry. To-day, by a re markable revolution of ideas, the Ministry, which has throughout inertly suffered itself to be dragged at tlie heels of the current ot popular speculation aB led— singularly enough — by tlie Opposition, find themselves once more uudcr the necessity of ex pressing with characteristic hesitation and timidity their recantation of errors adopted in mere vacuity of mind, and of admitting that, after all that has been said and done, the old fashion proves the best, aud that, if railways are to be made, the best plan is simply to borrow money and make them. As before, the general revenue is to pay the iuterest, and the principal is to be left in tho hands of Provi dence. The sole purpose served by the Railway Reserves Bill, which has just received the approval of the As. sembly by so sweeping a majority, is to obscure the somewhat ridiculouB revolution which tho Ministry has been made without any volition of its own, but rather iu the tee-to-tum fashion, to take. The members of that august body last Bession, in their anxiety to satisfy prevalent doubts as to the sincerity of their conversion to the theory of creating railways out of the proceeds of land alienations, said so many and so wise things, and plunged so very profoundly out of their depth into a perfect quagmire of arguments against the madness of seeking to make railways in any other .way, that the position forced upon them by the failure aud unpopularity of the Western Railways Act would, unless decently veiled, be particularly embarrassing and ridiculous. They cling therefore to thU phantasia of a Reserves Bill well knowing that it is a mere ghost of a dead idea. Their fol lowers are undoubtedly sensible, in an equal degree, of tho mmsineBs of this mock measure, aud their opponents find their ' greatest difficulty is the immaterial quality of what they fiook to combat. Their blows have fallen upon so un substantial a creation that their effect has been nil. Their weapons have *aBBed/*nroughtnp shadow, and their blows have been wns ? 1 on the air. On no other grounds than a conviction that tho Railway Reserves Bill is a mockery can the majority in its favor be explained, for there can be no effec t've denial of the fact that its shape must be utterly repellent to the me n bers of the party which Mi;-porla the Government. The strong' savor of auction pales which — most unneces sarily—has Btill been preserved by the Treasurer's announcement that the bill is a financial measure,' in spite of the Phemteb's and the Attohney Genebaj/s contrary explanations, would assuredly have revived the antagonism of many who voted for the , bill had they regarded the measure as ' an actual reality. But it is in 'a tacit disbelief of its reality and significance that tho explanation of the futile and vapid nature of the debate is to be found. Every member appears to have felt that eo long as Ministers could resort to borrowing thnv -vsmtn little likely to risk the unpopularity of a repetition of the Dalby aud Roma auction sales. The reserves are viewed simply as resumptions. Their connec tion with any repayments for borrowed moneys is believed to be chimerical, and the whole debate may be con sidered as a trial of strength between parties, which has been robbed of half its bitterness by the casual interposi tion of the Railway Reserves Bill as a sort of intermediate buffer to stop or soften the blows. 