ADELAIDE AND LONDON 01 v ; TELEGRAMS. m . ('. London, Feb. 27, Terms of 'peaoe have been arranged between Sertia and Turkey on the basis of the statu quo antebellum, the Turks to evacuate the Servian territory within 1*2 days. There is to be no formal treaty, but Prince Milan of Servia re ceives a new firman. i m Turkey and Montenegro are also' .treating, with a view to peaco. . . ,-,i , < The rumours us to the Russians being Wliout to cross tho Pruth liuvo been donied at St. Petersburg. ?'Russian nie'asuros avo dependant upoh ' the replios recoivcd from the Powers to the circular issued by Russia after tho events at Stum boul, At ii council hold at St. Petersburg, at "which i tho Kinperor president and General igimtieff \vas I present, it is asserted that it wns-doi'idod to I deiuobiliso tho army wlion Soryia and;'JjIoiit1enejjro ; signed tho treaty of peace. I 'London, FebV'28.- ! ! Noither tho Government nor Count Schouva loif, the Russian Ambassador, have, received anything confirming Tho Times' report "that the Russian army is to bo demobilised. I Tho upimtico botweon Turkey . and : Mon tenegro has beeli prolonged to the 20th Maroli.1 London, March 1, Tho Servian Skoupschina' litft) sauctioired" peaco. .>.' - . Tho Powers delay, replying to tho. Kusb'uui circular, .being unwilling to acroe tojofrit. actional' to' countenauoo1 tlio isolated 'action , of Russia, , ' :. >. iii-:'. . . .. .. Tho Cretans refuse to BCi)d deputi^ ^O'th? Turkish Parliumont. ,....... - ; Loudon, March 3. .. The Tipes,'[ fptPetoraburghtplcgrapi is false, as.no counoil hps'been hold. .. ' , " 1 ' " Now York, Feb. 27." Rutherford B. Hayes, tliu Republican candi date for the Frosidonoy; has been'returned iu Oregon, nndlias thorefore recoivod ft minority of> tlio votes neccssury for his election as President' of tlio United States. . ; ? i New York, Feb. 28.. . . . Hayes has also secured tlio vote in South Carolina., . i ' ' London, Maroli 3. Colonol Sir William Jervoise leaves tlup Straits Settlement by tile Majfoh' 'steamer . tor;' Sydney, to oxamiue into and report' Upon the ' .defeiicca of tho ioloniea.' '' . i Mr. ICiirttchbull-IIiigesaon'a bill, legalising pflloiiia} (i|iar<#80 : witn ' dsceasea wifo'n olstor) Ims ppfled tlio second .rowing in the llouno of Commons by a majority Pf 51. Tho Pijclflo. Bteam Navigation Oojupany ia«, tend (liBpntoliiiiig/i/team6r8 to Melbourne" arid Sydney via tlio Capo of Oo9d Hopo* Tho dentil' is announced of Sir Jung Bcihftdpor, of Nopaul. 'Mr' T. ^jbbofrt, "a Liberal,' libs beinj oleetud fqr Gldltui(|. ? f Thp Q.uceti3ln))(j !ii]nils via Torfpg Sft-ajW )mvo boon delivered, wjil t|je niuiig yia oi^n Frapoisco -IwVP Cvwk|mven". ' '.* AMlip \yo[il palps tlioro Ima been finr pom l)etjfjf))|. o, tlijrtl of tho quantity catalogued im;) bpcj) gold,, fflfpigBPrP; t]|o hullf.,. Homo buyora oporato PiwtjQUsly;iit}qail: clipp.Md jiligUtly below Novombor piioca, aud faulty average 8 per cent, lowor, Wheat is unchanged. ? r < \ ?OfltiiiPFft improvod.' Wiillarooi <678 to £70, Bmrm. . . , , Tjij is (liill at £f0 [,q £f\, , : > \ tyndpu, Mayplj. f. Tito British (lc.ct Jicig left tl),e l-frjpus jflf' Malta. ;? ' V Tho II on so ot Gowi/jojis hqa pogatlyod the withdrawal of Grout Britain ftom tip Declaration of Paris libolisliiug privateers. Now York, March 8, ;RutlwrfonJ J,i. Iluyes, tho .Republican candi date,, hiwbupu elsoM of tho United fitufes. ;, ^T, Jms.beey geuomlly reported hero for tlio pust ten days that tho \Vestorn Stitgo Company Jiad thrown .up tlioir contract for tlio conveyance of tlio' mails between Adelaide nud Port Mao Ddim'ell. Tlio following paragraph, which ap pears ill, tho Adoluido Advertiser, lends strength to tlio report:-"A contractor for important postal wv'ttea in the Sou til-East has intimated to tho Government (;/5 jjjtoutjou of throwing up Iiis contracts." 'I'llK weather ia again dry arid paidiiug, jjij/} mora 'vain would bo welcomed, PitKSDYTEiuAN,-Tha I'ov, 11, A. Caldwell will conduct divino sorvico in the Niuracoorto Presbyterian Church to-morrow. Mr, Varley, of Dflvtwoor, will supply Mr. Cahlwoll's place horo. . - A Ilunsi; IN A OAVJ-;. wTJippo fa a onyo about 200 yards from tho Millicent mul Moiutt Gainbior load, near u hut on tlio (ileneoo eutato, known as Napoleon'3. In this holo, which is (leop, a commercial traveller tlio other day dis covered a dead horse, which had apparently fallon in and died, Tho animal wag a bay one, an,*} was .branded i> with ti under, bar between, on the off flhouldur. We aro retjiicsfcd tp draw attention to the lar^o clcaviug out salo flt Mj'. T, ilill'i.; i'nnn in ?tlio Nai'rncoorto district. Mjr. )f, officiates1 aa auctioneer. full details in our ianfc ubuo. SUDDEN DEATH.-We regret to state that Mr. Malcolm McKinnon, the owner of Mingbool and Kiladbro, stations, died on Thursday very suddenly. He was prostrated on Wednesday by a fit of serous apoplexy, from which he never recovered consciousness, and died about mid-day on Thursday, His remains will be interred in the Cemetery here to-day. Tuiai, holes for the guidance of contractors, ftro now being sunk along the Rivoli Bay and Mount Chunbier lino!'. This IOO1;B like business," and Vc- im-y. hope .that the work1 will now soon, bo put la liund. 1 - Tin; 'liul Oouiior,. who threw a piec:> of tun. thvougU tho Institute window on tlw'. Slight of the Glenbumio concert, and broko tho globo and glasa of 0110 of tho lamps, waa brought up at tho I'olico Court on Thursday. Mr. Davison appeared for tho.lad, and pleaded guilty^ at tho liutiio time pleading tluit;ho might be-lop off with a nominal fine,- aa tlio punishment' would full upon lib pironta. Tho Jicnch. took a morciful view of his case, and fined liini 10a., which with cost of gluaa broken and Coiui fctaniadoup a total of 27s. Od. ' ? ' ? , ' 1 ? . Fimiovu BiuviNO.-At tho.Polioo Oourt on Thuiiiday morning two informations for furious}' driving through tho atrcots of .Mount; (^atiibior were disposed of. Tho magistrates took! into account tho circumstance that tlioy were tlio first laid under tho Corporation by-laws, uud lot tho offondors oft', in tho lowest penalty, 6s. and costs, 22a. in all. As tho offonco of furious driving, especially round corners, is of almost hourly occurrence here now, it is hoped thcco cases will check tho nuisance. . Viotoiuan . Notkb. - Our ? coneipoudont writes r," Who is to, misgovern Victor-jap Sir James MacCulloch or Mr, Corry ? or is there a young phamix to viso from tho cremation of both F Tho candidates; nvo gotting very foxy,, and bogin to find out that it is unsafe to declare for either lting, and " measure^ uot men " is now'their dod«o. But it does uot'cccui to take, If eomo of them were to cry, " Money, not measures," thoy would be nearer tin: truth. The best of tho farco is that thoy are to ii man hos tile to tho Pay meat of Mombora Bill; but none of them over voto against it. The laboring class, who nro nearly all votors this year, tiro i)6at|lo to protection and immigration, and' tho Japk Cades aro for both, and that causes a disruption and may Icad .to a sececsiou." ' i i POIIT MAODONN'EUu-On Wednesday even ing, March 7, the iiopulur service of song, " phriqtiauh,'.' was rendered by the children of 'tho Wealoynii. Sunday School, MacDonnell Bay, in tho Oddfellows' Ilall. Tho plaeo was crowded, Bud tho performance rcflectcd great credit upon | those who had trained tho young pcoplo for tho | occasion.. '-:Mie» Orchard presided at tho harmo nium. Mr. Lainbort noted usi conductor, and the readiuga were givon by tho Rov. A. Stubba, i Vnluablo nssistaneo also rondorcd by Messrs. j H.- Smith, J. Marshall, and Capt. Molvillo. Tho proceeds wore about £7. . .YOUNG MKN'S CHKISTIAN ASSOCIATION. j A meeting of tho mombora: of this association ! was held on Thursday evening, whoa it was de cided to hold tho first regular meeting of tho | Association after the recess on Thursday ovonim;, March 22. .Tho members will bo specially summoned to attend ou that oveiiing to discuss important business, and Mi\ Wedd will delivpr an essay on "Ghosts and apparitions." ' CAVTAIN GAHDINEK intimutc3 by .tolograjn having inspcoted tho Emu'on behalf. of tho Mount Qambior Steamship Company. He reports her a first-class boat and suitable for tho MacDonnell Bay trade. The negotiations for her purchaeo by tho local company are progres sing, and it is oxpected a bargain will bo con cluded. ' Mil \- Mebsus. BAKEU AND NESBIT intimate in our columns that tlioy will to-day open as butohers in the premises udjoiuiug (ho South Australian Hotel, Micro tlioyIntend selling loth beef and mutton at reduced prlues, a list of which they give. , '1 WBSLiiYAN.1-Tlio ftunivbrsary oftho Wesloyan Church, Mount Gambier, will be celebrated . to mqrfoWt ;aud« R^oitdt^.^l'he: llgvit'S. ,'Knight, | President 'of the S.A. Conference, will preach three sermons on Sunday, and on Monday tlieijo ! willho a tea uud public meeting. The memorial ejbono of tho udditious now in . progress will bp -laid at four o'olock 911 Monday. UyMr. S. T. Webb. Tlie Revs. 8. lCni«ht, 1?, Hooter, D. MaeOulniani T, Jarrett;: and A, Stubbs aro expouted to speak at the evening meeting. Tho ltev. It, A. CaljJwoll, boing absent at Narracoorte, will not be present. The Hev. S. Knight will on Wed nesday evening deliver a leoturo on "The Anglo- Saxon race." ' 1 1 Mount Gammeh Instituti;.-A meeting of Trustees )ytts held ou Thursday evening, when Messrs. Lijurie (Chairman), Turnbull, and liolto were present.v Tiio plau 'and specifications of jtlio-projeotod new wator-closeta vvero received frp.m the Town Clerk, .but the trustees thought, "they were too elaborate and expensive for Inati' tiite requirements, Tiio librarian reported Unit several pilars had been stolen from tiio reading* room, mid it was resolved that a reward of i'5 ehould bo' offered for information that would ? load to, the diacovory of the offenders.- Several ne\v books wero ;added to the library, 