A HOBSE-DEALER'S STORY. Many years ago, before the era of rail roads, and when highwaymen abounded along the great route from Calais to Paris, a noted drover, who had been to Boulogne with a large drove of horses, which he had sold for cash, was over taken by night on hfa return, near Mar quise. He remembered that a little distance ahead was a quiet inn he had never stopped at, and he determined to spend the night there. As he rode np to the house the land lord, a respectable looking person, received his horse and led him away to the stable; while he invited the drover to enter the public sitting room. Here he found two young men, one of whom, from hfa resemblance to the land lord, he recognised as hfa son ; the other somewhat older, from hfa manners, ap peared also to belong to the family. Im mediately after sapper (daring which the drover stated where he had been, and what good luck he had met with) the son mounted a horse, and stating that he was going to Marqaise -to stay all night, rode offi The drover, hating looked after the comfort of hfa horse; soon after requested the landlord to show him to hfa room. As the traveller Blipped off hfa gar ments, he felt for the leathern belt about his waiBt to see that it was secure. This contained Ids gold, while the paper money was in a large wallet, carried in a pocket made for the purpose, in the inside of his vest. Depositing these articles be- . neath his pillow, he extinguished the light and threw himself upon the bed, when; overcome by weariness, he soon fell asleep. How long he had been. in this state of forgetfolness, he could not tell when he was aroused: to wakefulness by the sound of ' some persons endeavouring ' to open the window near fhe.head of the bed. At the same time h'e heard sup pressed voices without; . as of several persons in whispered consultation. Startled by this suspicious appearance' of thiogs, the drover reached toward the chair on whiih he had thrown his clothes for hfa weapons ; but to hfa dismay, he remembered that on his arrival ' when! preparing to wash off the dost of hfa' journey, he. had laid them aside, within the bar, and had neglected to resume them. Scarcely conscious of what he was , fioinfi; , the defenceless drover slipped from the foot of the bed, andhid himWlf in the darkness behind a lot of women's, dresses , suspended from the wall and . watched the motions of the man who was now slowly and cautiously entering the room. He even fancied he oould detect the reflection of the dim light upon an unprfaed knife, as the approached the bed, with staggering and "uncertain steps. But great was hfa relief when instead of an attempt at murder, the in truder carelessly shuffled off hfa clothes, and throwing htmanif into the bed he had just vacated, was soon in a sound, sleep. 1 Not knowing what to make of this strange affair, the drover determined to dress himself, call up the landlord, and have the singular intrusion explained. He had reached his clothes, slipped on hfa trousers; and was moving to the door: when steps were heard cautiously cros sing the : outer room. Once more he sought the shelter of the - dresses, whoever they might be. Presently the door of the room was slightly opened, and two men made their appearance. It was not so dark but that the drover could readily distinguish them to be the innkeeper and the man he had seen .at the table. " Step lightly, I tell you," whispered the landlord, "or you'll wake him up, and then we'll have a pretty mesa on our hands." "Nonsense !" replied tire other, with an oath. " You are scared, old man !" " Scared 1" repeated the first speaker.' No man ever told Jean Gamier before, that he was scared ! Here, give me the. knife 1 - rU show yon who is scared ! you seenre the money — it's under the pillow . — I say him put it there; and Til do the rest" The old man "was in advance, and a8 he stood between the window and the drover the latter could eee hfa form bent over the bed, while hfa hand seemed ' to be searching beneath the: pillow. "Here; Henri — take it. Here's the wallet, and here'e the belt How heavy it fa ! — and he passed the money to his companion before the other had yet reached the bedside. The old man then pnt hfa hand to his bosom, and the trembling -drover saw him draw forth the long blade the Other had given him. ' For an instant the murderous weapon was poised over hfa head, and then de scended upon the person of the poor wretch in the bed. The murderer paused in hfa work for an instant; as if to satisfy himself that life was extinct, and then moved quickly from the room. As soon as the sonnd of the footsteps had died away in the distauce, the horror- stricken drover escaped through the win dow and ran- with all hfa speed to Mar quise, where arousing the people of the hotel he told hfa fearful story. A crowd .soon collected about him and accompanied him to the scene of the murder. All aboht the house was still but on approaching the stable a light was dis covered within, and moving noiselessly to the door; 'and peering through the cracks, the two murderers were found in the act of digging a grave beneath the flooring. A rush was made upon them and they were arrested. At the tight of the drover, who was the first to confront the guilty wretches, the landlord nttered a shriek of terror and fell to the ground, while the accom plice, as pale as a corpse; gazed upon him with affright; not doubting it was the ghost of the murdered man who stood before him. Hie party nbw proceeded to the house, dragging the murderers along with them. Lights were procured, and still keep ing the prisoners with them, the people entered the rOom where lay the body of the man so strangely murdered instead of the horse dealer. The wife and daughter followed. When the covering was removed from the face of the corpse, and the fell light of the candles flared upon it, a wild cry burst from the lips of the landlord's wife. . " My son ! — my murdered son 1 Who has dime this f And; with a hysterical scream, she fell to the floor. " No, no 1 it can't be so, mother !" ex claimed the daughter, as she struggled to reach the bed. But the terrible truth burst upon her as her eyes fell upon the manigled form of her brother, and ehe also swooned npon the body. The cries of the broken hearted fe males seemed to arouse the old man for a moment and gating wildly at the sight, before him, he afao realized the terrible troth.' He had murdered hfa own son ! On. investigating the "facte before themagistiate on the following day, it was ascertained that the son of the innkeeper was, a dissipated young man, had visited Marquise the previous even ing, where, with some of hfa associates, he had been engaged in drinking and gambling till a late hour, and be ing too much intoxicated to remount hfa horse, and ashamed to meet hfa family, some of hfa fallow gamblers had accompanied him home, and sup posing the room in which the drover had been put to be vacant, they bad assisted the drunken man into the window. It was their voices the lodger heard, and (has it was that the hapless youth met Ms death, and our friend es caped. The accomplice bf the landlord proved "to be his sob in-law, Henri Legrand, From that awful hoar the wretched mother 'of that murdered boy, mur dered by hfa father's hand, remained a raving maniac. " It fa only necessary to add, in con cluding this tale of horror, that the drover recovered bis money, and Jus tice claiming her dm; the two mur derers paid the penalty of their crime upon the - guillotine. Shortly after this last event, the people of Marquise, to whom the scene of the nnnatural murder had become an eyesore, assem bled d levelled the buildings to the ground. The spot is now covered with brambles and thistles, and pointed out to . the stranger, as' a place to be avoided, for tiie ignorant assert that it is haunted by tiie ghost of the' murdered eon. 