DRESSING UNDER DIFFICULTIES. i : i 'l'ho Tasmanian Main Lino iRriilway) 'in addition to boing- likoly to givotriso to a " oauao oolobro,|l is, wo ;boliovoj(dpstinod to figuro in Homo futuro romance -and talu in tho usual manner in which , trains aro mado to work nnu porionn , thoir parts in soii'sritlOnaV "ripvols ;,'of : thu V.Alnsworth, Lewis) and Wood' stylo) ' Tho: lritast Jskit has it, that a cortoin gontlemau, riri''occa- aion'aiyosidont iu our toivri)'hrid to loavo by 'train for Launcoston tho noxt morning, so, knowing. tlio offocts that noblorising has on one's capabilities for early rising, 1 he vory wisely ordorod a cab to caU'athis lodgings at'-siioli a time tho noxt morn ing, as to soouro liis- suro and oortain departure. ' Tluiri I liriving; as j far f as human foresight .' could command," arranged far> and1 ensured the a"', passage ujj uui iiiuuu ouiAuituertJU iiiinseu io tho . Midnight's shout and revelry,' ' Tipsyj daiibe, and jollity," .which,; of courso, .is .usufti on Buch' ocoa- sioris, aud which' custorii andabbyei-all, tiio particular occasion 'justified. ' AVo fqrboar relating tho. remaining personal ovoiits and inciderits of . i liat evening ; but suffice it to say.that obedient to command, at' tlio timo appoiuted, cabby rattled up to .tho good nmu's residenco/ but . no, . passen- for) >yos ,tlioro awaiting ' his :arrival, and ohu, was puzzled.: ;Au accident, , by- no moans of an uncommori occurrence, had 'happened : and) prevented i the: intended fare from boing as punetual to his ongngo- mont, as ho "lo.cuarrotierV would Jiave -wishodi' t Thb -truth is the gooidMnan. had overslept, and .while Joliu. was 'grumbling andfip itho- strongest - I'inglish f expressing his disapprobation of thus being kept /Un necessarily "waiting,-. tlioT exported < ( fare" woBifost in,th'o .arms .of Morplious,'. / But oii receiving the announcement, that 3 it was time to rise and prepare for tlio.jour- "noythatwasboforehim'he/rocollftsting the circumstances of the previous.oyenihg, and.abovo all.liw;appointmbnfci; threw |off dull sloop; sprang out of -bod/ arid looking at tho timo'pieco that merrily tioked over tho mantelpiece, found-to his indoscribnble .norror, .tnac.iD oareiy wanted ten. minutes tci/tho .time | tlio train'' started,1 and iu that1 briof spneo ho wopld ' have to wijah dress, aijd perform the yeiyesohtial, I tq a full fjedged geijtloman, d»tibs'Jofitho toiloL4. . The thing J was impossible and dark despair was just boginning-to tako possession nnd . <( sottlo o'er his mind" when a happy thought struck tlio misorablo iimni«r«Why,/Jie could throw ' brbr. his night clothes; his long bliiek cloak- 'fpycll brushed and ri?at;'! iwhicli/ ,wns, 7 poetry asido, nono othor -than an unpretentious, -but by. 110 moans uncomfortablo or incon venient, Ulster great. coat, faud hia:clean white" shirt. and. lta.appurtenanco, a collar, Iio could .append to Iiis portmanteau, and tints /apparelled, no ouo./ being any the wiser as to tho nature of tho under garment, could with an oasy mind tako his passage tq tlie statiqn'and hisTaoat \i\ railway oarflago. . So, a Hqmlet says, af tor suiting, tho . action to tho word tho voyagour, thus equipped, entered the oab, aud (frovo off to the station. Whon he arrived thoro the train was:just about to start, but .our friend managed. to secure a . ticket and.. scramble jinto a first-class cai'riago, which, . as .ilLluck would havo it, .:W08 occupied by. Bomo ladies and. four or five young swells of- tlie first watery who stared uncommonly hard at the t( seedy," sleepy- looking, unkempt, and . iriysteri ously-dreqsed individual who unoeremoni- ously intruded with tl0 aqcoinpaniipent of A carpet-bagrind' porcdl attache thorbtoi Evory look Was a chyggOr.' tcf the-heart'of poor L4r-r? (foi? that was' the first iuitial of his namo), who was always most scrupu lous iu points of dress as every genilenuta is', or should ;be, and who always, prided himself, on making on impresnori on the Uprbfahu3 ' vulgus "/ by ''his peraona up- pddraritibjas woll is ort(the'ladij)SAM rihSffi lib llattorod himsoU triboiiTOTistaole.- Ho. was iiol, as will be readily oxpooted, this ""time veqfirapostag -.jiorjii , tbp least .im- , Bpreuim 7 But -bettor tiincs wen) on the 1 wing, the train was about to pass, through the'ituHnfeH bnd'a- now light1, a siiddon in- ' ni spiratiori, seemed to break in: upon his b "mind" with' the 'thoughti:tbat, whilst this underground: pasimgo -was' boing made, could "he not, aided by tho1 Tartarian darkness, divest himself of tho Ulster as . woll .os of the hateful i \ ude r- garm e nta , : and quiokly'endbo himself in what we shall, ".o to spare the dolicacy of the' unfortunate ' gentleman, call " uuq ohoiiiiso blanche." y tiSo rjiist as ; tho carriago was1 entering the region of darkness, as quick as tliought iMr-L — pulled off the unoffending over coat, and its immediate skin companion, "la robe ' do'nuit;-'' and then made n violent/rush into the clean shirt; but —alas 1- wristbands and neckband were but- 1 toned as fust /as now. buttons" .'could make them. In an agony of spirit ensicr to be conceived.- than. <describ'od," with a cold \- perspiration starting from every pore, lie' fromhonfortunatodilominnj by;tryirii5 !. eiUier to' get'J"10 ' r / 8®' i 1 out of the ' aeciirsod'articlo. But' whilst all .this was going.on, the train gradually/debouched from5 -"lb 'chemin'coiivortV glided into the light of day, and discovered Wilio occupants .of tho carriogbj Vtlib, 4 unco ?righttaf 'romothinglike Hamlet V ghost in a fog, hitting 1 out' ' right and left, whilo5 making at tho.samotinib' an. up ward pur- c'pondiciiIar /movement, to ;firid a passage „ oither for his. confihod' head, orrtne two.' ut arms; thftt were so 1 suddenly 1 arrested in their course / through /a ' pair,, of white linen, shirt sleeves' .by1 ''' lea /bullions/1 Atrflfi8.tVneither 'fle8li and'- blood; 1 nor '"buttons, being- able" to r stand; the' fearful" strain any longer, one.5 would/have'' to 1 (:yielditraiidso"'th6 weakbr/of tbo two, the neckband button, gavo-wny, and allowed h'Rhtf nobler p'ottion of tlio human structure, :/ which wb torni the hehrd,,ra fj-eo passhgo. Tlie wretched man. then.. beheld' with |a poignancy' of "feeling : wliicli nono hiit- those that : have ':beehT similarly circuth- — stoncod, could imagine; tlife ladies in tho utmost .confusion', somo. shutting, out tlio -hbrtid apparition by hiding their faces ill their andB ; others, with cheeks.," that but oil hoiir ago blushed at the'1 prniso 'of their own loveliness," now scarlet red with the 'terrible" thought of seeing in nil its stern reality, tho sight of "beauty' "/'unadorned, ! ' adorned tho most," 1 boing. so 'unexpected, yet' partially obtruded1 on: their unwilling gnze, while tho gentlu- men were vainly endenvouring to stifl - ' d 'thoalmost'unconirollablolaughtcrthntsuch 1 1 grotesqU eh ess provoked, although it roust . V'oe'ronfessed1 that' r some ' were riot without their misgivings, as to having \- '- for 'a /companion a maniac, . or, 'at1 least, ?:ra;beiiig under tlio influence1 of -strange -r'aupernatural'perhonB diabolical, ogincy.1' To spore 'tho foelmgsf of; tho nian,;ns well as tliose of tho la'dics which would bo further shocked and offended by an ex tended rocital-of thcso hon-ors, wo will draw a veil ovor tho rest of tho proceed- 1 L ings, tileavingian ardent or j inventive imagination to supply tho remaining act of such a laugh-provoking comedy ; but, first, for the satisfaction of our renders,' '#.vf>wbfiwiU/say, :and we have 'it 'on /good' authority, tliat at the next station, Mr L. - with t) tho (''greatest imaginable alacrity; betook himself to another and unoa upied. i-icbrriage, thero to brood'over a wisfbrtunb that, though as unforsoon as uiicontroll- . times; assumed the tinge ofmadness, over the mind oLtho miscrablo..ono u lio, liko a man that views a sceno through the mcdium.'.of > greon/speotacles, and fancies earth, sky, sen,- and air boing the same vordant .colour as ".the iglneses ho wearB, saw, for Uie rest of his journey, nothingbnt thempckingvisionofacarriagefullofpooplo wildly laughing at him fighting against' jUJ;fcarful. 'odds'", to/.flccure tlio.luxury. of a cliango of clean linen.' I vTlie feelings of the unhapy man, we have, beforo said; c. /isuchtas'defiod portrayal; oven by, tho most searching skilful pen. Yet, still 'ho must have felt inclined! when' in /the thick 'of his misfortune, in an. agony- of spirit -truly indescribable u to. have -screeched with the poet, -..that (is presuming he was acquainte4withtholinea,..j- > Final dcstrucioh seizo on all fho world! Bend down, ye heavens, and' abutting round tlie earth. Grush.lhe.yilo, globe into its first confusicm.' 