The Burrum. [FROM OUR .OWN CORRESPONDENT. J I see you have been informed of Mr. ] Whitley's success in cutting the coal. The j field is now proved beyond the ghost of a doubt i to contain coals for generations yet unborn. J We can with confidence assert that the Burrum j is on a par with Newcastle, being one of the richest coalfields in Australia. I understand that Mr. Whitley has arranged to load the ' Burnett' steamer for Bundaberg. | Mr. Samuel Johnston, of the saw mills there, is 1 the owner, and will run periodical trips lor coal. The Viking is also shortly expected to load for Rockbampton, and rumor says a r Leishman, a well-known old Burrumite, is about to put on a suitable steamer in regular trade between here and Maryborough. If so, I'll bet she will find more work thani she can do, and will soon earn the price of herse'f. We look upon this as of great importance to the opening of our coal trade, which must very soon commence. A memorial to the Government, praying for the immediate buoying and beaconing of our river is going round for signature. I find the work can be done at very little cost, only two or three buoys and a few painted landmarks are Tequired. Still, I hope the Government will not fail to order a proper survey of the river, since very soon a Lirge trade in coal will spring into active existence, and the sooner it is fairly opened the sooner we'll have tramway communication with you. I see the Glamis and Woodlark, two large ships, have just loaded with coal and sailed from Erisbane for Hongkong, and others are loading for the same port ; these coals are not to be compared with outs, and have to be punted 45 miles, and the ships loaded from the punts. Why should not the Burrum coal be sent to Hongkong too, and let the ' Heathen Chinee see that Queensland possesses coals not | to be beaten in Australia ? What, indeed, is to prevent out coal going into any foreign trade, by punting it only one-third of the distance the P.risbanites do. We can load large vessels in the basin of the Burrum, which j is a particularly good and safe harbor with ' plenty of deep water. We have now a proved field of large and rich coal, with a good local and large foreign market before ns. On the Brisbane river tbe coal has to be punted from Waterstown to Brisbane, 45 miles, to supply either the local demand or the foreign markets, If we punt our coals 9 miles, we can load the ' general run of large coasters, but if we punt them 14 or 15 miles, we can load anything that will float in fourteen feet of water. No doubt j the Burrum should at once assume its position ' as the premier coal field of Queensland, and the sooner the ' pits'' get into work the better. . Our road has been much improved of late ; several very bad places liwe been corderoyed and metalled; and the approach to the ?' ford' , is now finished. We thank the late Mayor, ' Mr. Southerden, for getting our road through your Municipality commenced, and hope to see it soon finished. It will tempt many to take a two hours drive as far as the coal country. 