OOB CONTINENTAL LETTER. PARIS, OCTOBER 27. [HIO.M 01! H OWN CORRESPONDENT.] , {|1(. Senate voted the dissolution of the 'f r ,,f Deputies, it was never intended that '•iiafnrs were bound to support the Marshal rung—consequently in M'Malion's t'i overrule Parliamentary ii s itutimip, it |,e concluded that the Senate will not supli'in ;ig-' li,lst f ' lc iinni'stakably expressed ieu( France to govern herself under the ,iblic:iti Cmistitntioii. Minds are made up that tvvn ipsnes are open to the Marshal—to loyally l l l rn lfl lil ll t ! 11 fl i id nil el tint In; is beaten in his direct appeal to the (nrs to decide between personal and parlia- ..irv (jfivcriimeiit, and act accordingly (ail that K,,uiilicans demand), or simply to resign, retirement cannot 1)G compulsory, but he canrtiia't Franco to yield to his personal ideas or ,u-'i:iix lier constitution; if he remains, he iisiml'l} govern according to constitutional Ail appeal to force is considered so hope- ,;,tno one ever alludes to it, except to raisea i anil equally impossible is the expectation llic Senate will vote a second dissolution—for I interest? It is thus, tiiat on all sides a clear is desired, and the Kepiiblicans are re- J that they will this time accept no other, iiiu-anists are at last showing signs of rallying ,. llei'iiblic—their natural position; had they 1 un Thiers was president, what agonies tliey would have spared their country, |.i|,at humiliations for themselves. looks favourably upon the idea of John [ oini! surciy for the good conduct of Turkey •enre to the Bulgarian Christians who have t.,l Christianity ; thim the • Czar lias no u tn " keep pegging awayat apparently a li«i task, that of exterminating fslamism turope and Asia Minor ; were he successful, he tI nut lie allowed to occupy one inch of jiuli,nnd English interests would have to limit his in Armenia, where the Turks are yet i: ciiuiigh to oppose him with other Plevnas. -f,,„ch do not give much attention to the Loi tlie belligerents; ihese tiiey accept as a jer of course, and that no Beutimental or phiregrets can avert. This may explain iviiy they take so small a part in sick and IM. an<l comnassionate funds; they prefer Go"d Samaritan, without the oil and |t<i|'enee. It is expected that as the Czar is itetti-r itilormod mail than when he addressed |;juiatuiii to Turkey, he will be a wiser, though Tiller "lie, when bis aimy shall have passed and January in Bulgaria and Asia f.ambettn lias made a manifesto- speech, full •Itsline truths for all whom they may cou- ;it iras blunt, without being violent, I consere without ceasing to be broadly liberal, and irv while resting independent. It will a L'I'I.II elTect at the present juncture, s neeessary to convince men of the neceslitakin^ virile resoluiions. He predicts that ill o: France will be obeyed and drew a ripid Ire o! the tiiglitful vi.ilations of the law, and of (iirsauipled government pressure indulged in the late elections, and which shall be laid r the b-ne!it of France, and the edifieati mof The Ministers have a bard time before sin) tli'ise of their subordinates ivlio h;ive i! will have to personally pay the piper. IJ boxes with f-lse bottoms were employed, |n some cases it was quite common to find bulletins in the urns than there were eleca tlie registers. The Chamber of Deputies iie plenty of work io enquire into tlie eleciai'inities, and as such ejections musk lie i, the temporary representatives must feel n'nrfciluu at the prospect of being unseated, irions point to clear up will l.e that to ki.ow all the funds came from to carry on the wnr Jttlie llepublic. Perlirvps the discovery will Iditlieult as to ascertain where Russia fine's mey to pay her coupons. It is a remarkable it the circulation of those journals claiming conservative "—save the mark !—and which |t':c .Marshal to make a coup d'etat, as they i"r him to take a run to the Exhibition which lie never does though close by—tlie 11 church the further from God—have to s a sensible falling off in their circulation ; \ for example, it has had to suppress its tout, «!iilr'(iirardin's organ La France', by i; ieirliiss common sense, lias now a circula- 1)0,000. instead of 7,000 ! The fact is, the •nists did not doubt a moment of their ill aeainst the llepublic ; they sold the skin «.'ar before they had killed bruin. Among (signs ruiil wonders, tlie Tribunals do not aii many journals of misdemeanors now as ihe elections. Let 11s be thankful for small The Municipality of Versailles, have deliaptize one of their chief streets, [•V r.ml which leads to the Presidency -algall ami the wormwood ; the Government 'ii asked for its ollicial sanction, for in focal authorities cannot indulge in such "r even help themselves to a barrel of lvifnu.it permission from head quarters, the heau ty of that " centralisation " system. • tlie Kiench boast the world is so jealous, 'i'tt-. having won an election bet of 1.000 cut the amount, not to the poor of Paris, "indigent of Versailles;" but Gainbetta riili man. a great admirer of bis, M. du •ins bequeathed liinj fifteen or twenty : 1'aris lias " uncles." as well as America, 'Switzerland, as the deceased belonged to Tell' a canton. I'nollijni; 11{1W nhout the Exhibition ; renple than I'ver eonfi.lent in its Bucce^s, siniater !•« vanishing like ghosts at cock-erow ; the "insr printed by the Rank of France •; n r^i'in will cost one fmne ; for the Benson, perytMng is very rational about the regula- " ^r-maiils and dress-makers ore in high glee, Mmpi'ti. for the prize of beauty, open to all &Dhnti;^raph of their charms is all that they '•'flto firward. "fa man's liend off, without almost eheddini t.ioo.i, i;: the latest improvement in working I'lino. This'h as juet taken place in the case of IS t <l Allierl; no wonder the headsman looked The English Gorernment had a officer present, who must have been also •port ii is said on the working of the Garwood's slack ropes, tight ropes, and lonD pw ap|,..«r not tu bo at the Jtautcur of civili- I was a great scoundrel, and society is '• '"n. Two good traits in French executions, .J". 'Heelings t'o save a murderer's head, and 1 8 inly allowed-one parson- power to become ^Hfrt killed an old woman, keeper of an to rob her; then ho threw the body into 5 Hussians are snid to do when taking "Ma liul^urian village, bui as the body lC f 'i'l rnjiiil |y enough, he dropped stones on it, profeBsi-,1 " respect for the dead." He passed 'ike11 statesman, writing his memoirs, and '«"aiirj,.nt philosophers by askin.; the chaplain 'taiiri. liu—Alberl—composed on death, while ' :,r, ns <vin!eil and his shirt-collar and hair cut '^'"•eliin." the instrument, he faltered; the "feaeil hjm, assured him " it waa nothing, e.' and then his neck wan placed in the of 'he UDripht plank, and all shot '"rresponding half-moon through which , la Hs. While in this position, the •ftas henrd muttering a prayer: there was '' 5 "'•c.ind to permit K..oh to see that all was J"" a thud, a black ball leaped into a basket HII assistant Bhook up ; another mass like 6 dummy was rolled into another basket of """I rejoinrd it. and a van, escorted with a Pj w 'ii"il police, conducted all to the " Turnip lllV'' ' lft, ' r formalities, it waa handed over to anatomy. Hardly a few drops of blood .1 . naraiv a lew ump w "'decapitation ; fear drove the fluid info the ,?•"'"• Just as the knife fell, a white dog that " "'y to the inner circle cotnineneed to '•Iced no " lady-reporter " present on this 'the executioner appeared strangely livid— iij "' re ' w ''ich is strange for a man that l^'y lu ails per annum, and whoso "expenses" t-!t W the grants for.public instruction. t when told to get up and dress for ^ permission to roll and smoke a cigarette. (;h' tlle eiec " te( l instead of being buried with '"ftween their legs, will have their remains 8 deal coffin. The Republic ameliorate!! :b" r '|'' J fee. It i„ „o secret that the late Wh's predecessor, wrote a treatise— i>. :,;5«nst death punishment, and that the day " ' lie absinined from food—lived on ' x printing establishment has h»M its •r^11- " r '' 'he apprenti'-es undergonn examinfll<. l ,r i?.ea tor proficiency in their studies, "tieudauce at the ni^ht school. The Devils " receive a very superior education, inrluding elar-sii;s and mederu languages, and iheyare paid higher salaries in proportion to their intelligence; the apprentices have a right to employment when they beoorae journeymen, anil there is the pension fund, where the proprietor allows an increased sum for every year an employe rests in the office. Men live and die ill that excellent establishment. Benson, who belongs to the " tipper Ten " criminals, would have remained unknown to fame, if he hid been kicked out of a club at Brussels when detected in 1870 robbing during a card party; the gentlemen did not like creating a scandal. Four young men returning home from a supper party, and arriving at the Place de Con Corde, proposed to arown themselves; two jumped into the Seine, despite the efforts of their comrades; one was drowned. A young woman, in order to effectively oorainit suicide, dressed herself in the servant's clothes, and then threw herself into the river—cause toothache. The French journals have attempted to establish n " Press Club. It opens badly, with a red hot Bonnpartist for President, and a ditto for secretary ; republican writers keep shy of the concern, they suspect man-traps and spring guns. Dr. Penel waB a firm believer in a head being conscious after separation from the trunk ; a railway accident placed the required head within his reach; he was discovered applying a red hot iron to the tongue, when a gentleman pointing to the crunk said it would be better were the docter to occupy himself trying to restore it to life. The Omnibus Company of Paris, a monoply, refuses to roof the tops of their busses, alleging the amelioration would attract loo many passengers; it is established that tram-cars are one-third cheaper than busses. The late Theodore Barriere demanded on one occasion of Baron Hauesmann, where an old lady friend could build a house, " sheltered from the demolitions." " Along the line of a new street" was the Baron's advice. - The best Btories are: Short ones, when you listen to them, and long ones when you relate them. " Csesar Augustus Napoleon "—what a name to go to church or war with,—is the appellation of a Monsieur, who seeks redress before a Tribunal. Dumas | ere stated that if you desired to know what the gout was, place your finger inside the bone of a leg of mutton, and turn it tightly therein ; then place both in a vise, till the bone is splintered. A grocer in a Normand church yard, has three loaves of sugar engraved on his tombstone, to represent—not " salt," but sweet—" tears." 