Supposf. the astonishment of a person who was toltl by a waiter, on bringing him tho menu, " Pardon mo, sir, bnt it " is tho rtdo in otir establishment that " those who dino must go through all " the courses, or go without dinner; we " do not allow our oustomora to pick " and choose 1" Or, to get a closer analogy, Buppose you appoint an in spector of the teas sold in Melbourne, and purchase for him a hundred samples from the grooere' stores, asking his opinion about them, would -you be likely to tell him " you must either say, " without any remark whatever, that the " samples in their entirety are "sound, or ii you must reject the whole as adul- " ternted ?" We guess not. The con duct of the waiter which wi) have sup posed would lend the customer to ima gine that tho rules of that establish ment bore tho impress of a madman. And in the second place, if the fiat of the inspector of teas was to bo final, and that on his yea or nay depended your enjoying that beverage, wo think you would roadily concur in the belief that the instructions were maniacal and preposterous — wero childish and ab surd. What difference is there botweon . tlieso cases and the following 1 — You charge a cer tain body of men to provide supplies without which cortain machinery can not bo worked and kept in order, and you say tomnother body of men, " You " may not 'amend, or alter, or in any " way touohi tho mannor, measure, rote, << or timo in raising these supplies, but " yon may reject the whole, bring " things to a deadlock, put all your " servants .to straits, and induce gene- - " ral uncertainty and confusion." Stated in a simple way it is hardly con ceivable that such a case could bo pos sible, An,d yet it is only too true, that \ the letter of the Constitute ct puts Victoria in this absurd qunnd Following what was believelw the time to bo the Imperial pructii, nm usage respecting supply and taxafon) but which at any rate sinco tho contest tho .Tulyof 18G0ovor tho pnpordutioshoi. not been accredited, tho draftsmen in- ' sorted in tho Constitution Act of Victoria tho following clause: "All bills fcr " appropriating suy part of tho re- " vonuo of Victoriu, and for imposing " any duty, rato, tax, rout, return, or " impost shall originato in the Assom- " bly, and may bo rojoctod, but not " altered, by tho Council." In other words, tho Assembly is charged with tho solo duty of raising tlio revenue, and in tho hands of tho Council is placod by tho lottor of tho Constitution Act tho power of yoto. Nothing could bo more preposterous and childish than to allow any body to pronounce upon tho morits of .a schomo as a whole and yet rofuso thorn tho powor to deal with do- tails. Vory many vonrs ago there was a vory idtorosting strugglo botweon tho Lords and Commons in England which boars exactly on this identical question. In 1G71 tho Houso of Lords actually ven tured to ohnngo tho duty on whito sugar from Id. por lb. to Ojjd. The Commons nt onco resontod this as an infraction of their timc-lionorod privi lege, and they pasBod a resolution in 1 which wo find the following words : — " In nil fiirlfl wivfln t.n fclm fcinr hv f.lin " Commons tiiq rato or tax ought not " to bo altered by tho Lords." Wo learn that aconforoncobetween thetwo Houses was held, when the Commons further de clared "That tho right they claimed " was a fundamental right, both ns to " tho matter, tho measure and the " timo." Now, just observe tho vory reasonable reply of tho Lords. They said " if thoy cannot amend, nbnto or " revise n bill in Parliament ; if we " cannot amend, abate or alter in part, " by what consequenco of renson can " we enjoy tiio liberty to reject the " whole !" And the Lords were per fectly right. No show of reason can be assigned. When tho power of the Commons in matters of finnnce estab lished fully the right to say to tho IIo.uso of Poors, " You shall not " alter or nmend in ' any way our " financial proposals," in that day vir tually and constitutionally ceased the power of tho Lords to veto any tax bill sent up to tbem for their assent. And tho Constitutional History of England clearly proves it. After this date, when the Lords were chafing under their in ability to amend or alter, and logically pointing out how absurd it was to give them the power of veto under such circumstances, there were several instances of struggles between tho two brancliesof the Legislature in this matter, but they all ended in more firmly establishing tho exolusivo control of tho House of Commons over matters of taxation and revenue. It was not till fivo years after our Constitution Act was given to ns in Victoria that the commonly supposed legal veto of tho House ot Lords in taxation was exer cised. In 18G0 the Peers, purposely to snub Mr. Gladstone, who even then had become exceedingly distastefnl to them, very indiscreetly vetoed the bill repealing the paper duty. But what was tho result? A digni fied assertion of the rights of the Commons followed, and the Peers, submitting to a losa of pres tige and popularity, bad quietly to assent to tho repeal of the duty. Be fore this period, forono hundredand forty- ono years, there had been no struggle botweon the two Houses; and wo are not presumptuous in saying that it will be much longer, if ever indeed euch an event will occur, before there is a simi lar infraction of the rights of the Com mons to the sole and exclusive control of supply. But coming to our own Constitution Act, wo put it to any unprejudiced per son whether it is not ridiculous that such a clause as we have mentioned should bo found in it, unless indeed we ore to take n common-sense and con stitutional view of it, and maintain that technically, if yon deem it neces sary to ask for assent, you should at the same time be courteous enough to allow the power of dissent. And really this is about all that can be said in the matter. Tho power to veto said to belong to the House of Lords is founded by writers on Constitutional History on the fact that the Peers constitute a co ordinate branch of the Legislature, nnd that legally they may do what they like within the four corners of their House. Themischief capabloof being wrought by such a power has already been exempli fied hero. If a similar mischief should recur, men's minds cannot but be very forcibly drawn to the childishness nnd puerility of buoIi a provision, and there will not he wanting those who will de mand such a reformation as will in the future effectually guard against the possibility' of a deadlock, or a disgrace ful contest about supply between tho two branches of the Legislature. Again is our attention forcibly directed to the poison that lurks within the milk can. Some short time ago the impurity of our milk supply was one of the topics of tho day. The public journals teemed with letters calling into question the pure quality of the milk that found its way to the tables of the citizens of Melbourne, which were answered by in dignant protests from the cowkeepers, who, whilst declaiming against tho un just, charge preferred, vouched for the purity of the commodity thoy vended. Public suspicion was lulled, the agitation died out, nnd the bever age that forms an important uujuubu tu wolj uluuuiuot uuu bqu table is consumed with ns much confi dence and guBto as if it were as un adulterated as the frothing milk handed to tho weary climber who rests awhile in the mountain chalet of Tyrol or Switzerland. The ghost was not laid, however, and now returns in even a more terrible form. Yesterday it was reported to the veterinary surgeon, Mr. Graham Mitchell, that throe cows — one in the city and two in the suburbs — bad died an hour after being attacked by somo unknown disease. It was furtlior stated that within two or three hours after death the parcases had become putrid. Tho sudden death, the speedy putrefaction, the turning blue of the flesh, nnd the other symp toms described, have led Mr. Mitchell to the conclusion that these three beasts had succumbed to anthrax, or Cumber land disease, a malady which lately committed terrible havoc amongst the sheep of the Western district. If this be so, the danger of the consequences is scarcely to bo estimated. Mr. Thomas Bird, M.R.V.O.S., Edinburgh, in speaking of the Cumberland disease, states that when one animal has died, others that have herded with it will as suredly follow, unless preventive mea sures are at once adopted. It has been noticed that anthrax appears in those animals, that have been feeding onJ£!"l unhealthy herbage growing a£. rr'L seasons of ut year on undrained pas tures. As a large proportion of the cows that rupply tho city and suburbs with milk aro depastured on the swampy ground around Melbourne, there is no need to look far for those unoxpected seizures and sudden deaths. Willi 'Lis fuel, and all tho syrap- ns ij, ."sua se before him, thoro is no rj veiisor 'or questioning tho corroo.n,:lw uf ',lr< Mitchell's- diag nosis ( fi, 0 cases submitted to him vcs,!r(jHyi jf (.big quickly- spreading taiiso is umongst our cattlo it is poafiio. o poison now lurks in tho tea-cups and in s,,, staplo nutriment of our infant population, for one of tho curious features of th', malady is that a hnn U b. mnw nnvtnnu U. _ 1 .1 iiitijr mijiuiu iu ut in. a guuu iiuu healthy condition, and Within an hour bo takon away in thq knacker's cart. That many of tho cows are utnblod in filthy purlieus, and in filthier and rook ing shanties, is a fact not likely to improve their chance of escaping con tagion. Something should bo dono at onco. The Stock Act of 1872 pro vides for precautions against the spread of tho Cumberland disease, but as far as prevention goes it is a dead loiter. An Amended Stock Act is required dealing with all diseases to which stock are subjected. A licence should be imposed upon all cattle kept in tho city and suburbs, and authority should ho given to tho health officer or Huniu oouer quauueu person to inspcut periodically, not only the cattle, bpt- the. promises in which thoy. are housed-; and, above oil, thn depasturing of thorn on undrained lands should be strictly forbidden. If .this wero dono, though it might neb 'l0 possible to prevent tlie appearance of Cumberland or any other malady, still the vory fact of a continuous supervision boing in force would do much to primarily stop the spread of contagion, and ultimately to stamp out any particular disease. It is bad enough to have to put up with the " iron- " tailed" cow and chalk mixture, but it becomes a matter of far more serious import when the probability exists of a virulent poison being absorbed into tbe systems of those who partake of that lacteal impurity secreted in the enve nomed udders of plague-stricken beasts. 