CLERICAL EXPERIENCE OF TOTAL ABSTINENCE. Speeches of the Revs. J. G. Gregory and Canon Duckworth, delivered at a drawing-room, meeting at 9 Northwkk-terrace, London. The Rev. J. G. Gregory, of ParkCliapel, Clielsea, began by expressing the satisfaction he felt at seeing so many ladies present. What was wanted in the temperance movement was lady-power. He had moved in this course for the last sixteen years, and he had encountered one grand obstacle—that grand obstacle being woman. He had been able to get on very well with the men, but their wives had been a most awful check. He had known cases where husbands had been making their homes wretched by intemperance, and when, after having got them to take the pledge, he had gone to their wives, he met with just this reply, in answer to his request that they would set an example of personal abstinence in the home—" Well, sir, you know its very little that I take." " Oh ! but wont you join your husband when you see he can't bear the smell of beer on the table ?" " Well, sir, you know its very little that I take." With one after another he could not get beyond that point, though he had tried to do so again and again. Thank God, then, that there were so many ladies here. He hoped they were all missionaries in this good temperance cause ; if so, God go with them, especially if with the pledge they carried (as the chairman had observed) the Gospel with them. He would ground the remainder of his remarks upon his own experience, with the hope that that experience might be useful to some before him. When he was first called to the ministry he hated teetotallsm with a perfect hatred. At that time he was a curate at Coventry, and after his hard day's work he used to feel what was common to many persons—a " sinking." Of course he must have a glass of wine for tins, and a little bitter ale at dinner ; besides which "sinking," lie was also a tremendous dyspeptic. He could not stand up at any tune of the day for two minutes, unless he leaned against something, without real pain. Of course, he must have a moderate amount of alcohol. He knew that a whip would make a horse go, but he was stupid enough to think that the whip would nourish the horse as well as make him go. (Laughter.) He came to London, and kept ou with his bitter ale and wrth his wino ; and later on he had the charge of a living where there was a good deal of drunkeuness. He had a beautiful church, and everything was nice and attractive about the people. He also had a good curate, who worked hard, but, ho w or other, there was an obstacle. Work was abundant ; the wages of the people were so good that they ought to have lived like princes ; but amongst them there was utter poverty and distress. It was the drink : there was no doubt, that. It pressed upon his mind, but still he hated teetotalism. His curate was a teetotaler, ana he came to him again and again, and s tlle ; we must do something." " My dear fellow, something cermust d o ! what shall it be 'i" ,1 don t know, unless you try a temperance society." " Well, I don't mind temperance so long as it isn't total abstinence. First, go and see how tnany public-houses we have about us, and howmuch it costs to keep them going." And so his curate went out on his mission, and returned saying that he had counted thirty public houses, and that it cost £12 a-week to keep any one of them going." Allowing a margin, he estimated that it cost £300 a week at least to keep these places going, or £15,600 a year, and all this came out of the pockets of his working people. He was amazed to find it so much, and wondered less at the poverty and distress he saw about him, for he knew that the receipts of some of them were at least £20 per week. Ia other words, there could not be less than £20,000 a year going out of the pockets of his working people. He next wanted to know what benefit the publican conferred for this enormous expenditure — what return he made to the working man, who for the sake of the drink he sold, was content to see his children in rags, and his wife in poverty begging at her clergyman's door. Then, he said, " We will have a temperance society." His curate next said, " Who will you ask 1 What is to be the limit of their drinking, remembering that what is moderation to one man is excess to another?" This was a poser, but he thought it could be managed. " A man shan't drink," he said to himself, " in the taproom, but shall take his liquor home, and drink it in the pre- sence of his wife and children,before whom shame won't let him get drunk." He sounded a workman on this point, and the reply was in Bubstarce as follows : " Yes, that is all very well for you, sir ; you have a nice comfortable home, a drawing room, dining room, and library ; you can sit where you like, with no squalling babies, and no clothes drying round about you. You can enjoy your home just as you like, and m what room you like, but as for us poor working men, we have only got the one kitchen. We go to the taproom where there is a nice sanded floor, a bright fire, plenty of light, a fiddle going, and plenty of companions." He saw that this was very true, and that the sooner he left off talking to won ing men in this way the better. Then he urged the moderation plea. He told them what he took, and to his surprise found that they counted up the quantity to fourteen glasses a week, and added, " Why, I don't take near so much on Saturday to make me drunk." (Laughter,) Then there came that help, which in such matters was always to be derivedfrom the Wordof God. "Itis good neither to eat meat ncr drink wine, nor anything whereby thy brother stumbleth or is made weak." " Let not this liberty of thine be a stumbling block to them that are weak." " If meat make my brother to offend, I will eat no flesh while the world standeth." He thought, "Am I a Christian ? Am I a saved man ? Did Jesus save me by His precious blood 1 Am I standing. in the risen life of Christ in oneness with him ? Am I by the Holy Ghost baptized into membership with the Son of God, and am I holding back ? Ah ! but I am a dyspeptic suffering intolerably from indigestiou. If I give up the drink I am upset. My work is at an end," and the devil pressed that thought upon him again and again. ' ' But then, " he thought again, " Can I trust God ? If this is a plain duty, will not God give me strength? Is the Holy Ghost nothing ? Is it quite true that I am a member of the Church, and that the Church is the dwelling-place of the_ Holy Spirit, and the Holy Spirit is (To be continued. ) NEW THEATRE AT HOBABT TOWN. — Steps are being taken for the erection of a new theatre atHobartTown ; a company being now in course o'f formation to carry out the object. The capital is to be £10,000, ia £1 shares. 