THE COMUS CLUB. The Comus Club had a great house at the Academy of Music on Thursday night, 24th May, on the double occasion of the Queen’s Birthday and the club’s first annual benefit. All parts of the house were well filled,’' and the-pit and stalls were crammed. : Mf'C. A. Sherard’a, extravaganza, “-'Fatima, the Pair,” was ; the . piece, produced,. the cast being ■ as- follows; Hymen, Mr A. B. Dimelow; Bluebeard. Mr 0. A. Sberard; Tweedledum, Mr J. B. Pearson; Kootoo and Bondneo, Masters P.'and r R. Lewis; Salim,: Miss Florence Lewis; Sidi (first time), Mr F. Shewring; Mormonetta, Mr: C. W. Sherard; Gulnare, Mr R. M. : .Lewis; Fatima the Fair; Miss Blanche Lewis; Anaide, Mrs Markham Lewis; Hepsibah, Zoe, and Lalla Rookh (ghosts of Bluebeard’s wives), Messrs Kirby, 'Cherry, and Wilkinson; ladies of; the. harein, Toelli,' Wattle Fitzallen,' May Boston, Lucy Norville, &c.;' The extravaganza has been performed several times by the club,-and all the details if stage business have therefore been well mastered, the.more as the superin tendance by Mr, R. M. Lewis, and the assistance of the several members of his family, give professional help 6f the greatest value. Though the; piece, has- been' made familiar by repeated presentations it is not stale, for. the author.is affluent in resources, and gives to his work new things in the shape of local-hits and .funny 'utilisations of current events. In ,this way the' piece is made to have a constant air of novelty, and someof thepuns and witticisms are so apt and ludicrous' that' the audience' does not fail to mark the, “ digs” at the . characters ;and cries -of the day. ' And though'; the club does hot-'reach' the level of professional • .effort, and- lacks, therefore,/ the “go " : and ' continuity s ;of more / practised ' the general effect is good,.and the amusement afforded ample,; while possessing. elements special to amateur' appearances. One thing tbo club ;iV Highly sucoaoaful in, and that is -the : brilliant properties it displays. The bills do. not lie when ; they speak' of “ gorgeous oriental and celestial cbstuihes;” for the picture pre-, sented by the massing of the whole company on the "stage-is- really extremely pretty, .and. some of the ' costumes, notably those of Selim, Fatima, and Anaidoj are highly picturesque,- -. To say that they are grace fully displayed is also a pleasant truism. Dance and song and .dialogue rapidly interchange, and comic oddities blend with' them to make the enseirible the more attractive. Few . more graceful dancers are, to be seen than Mias Florence Lewis, and her-sister is.but -little inferior. , .But all the .leading characters are now so well schooled in their parts that they acquit .themselves with satisfactory, aptness. ..The allegoriaal' tableau and the National' Anthem at the opening were'well received;: and naade a very fitting and'agreeable prologue to the play. The incidental -.6011810 of/the cxtrayaganzids various and well chosen, and-Mr T. King and his ■orchestral com panions made that portion of the entertainment ;a prominent feature in the' general; success.-,, The applause was frequent, and the leading ladies were favored, once or twice with floral compliments. Alto gether the club has done very well, and the bumper benefit was as well deserved. , 