. SPORTING JCST ENGLAND. [By Weston.] , Obltuabx.— On Saturday, November 25, -. -^he racing . season jof 18/6, Warwick and AiaBchester had eacU-«pnie hand in the obse quies, .and it inuat be.owned the deceased died. hard. But the ghost is not laid. Even in-pur ashes live the wonted fires; ^jid^to quote from a parody of that touch ing ballad, 'Our Mary Anne ' — „ **s The last .sad scene in this esA history, : Poor racing man ! it^vsjULyeu^ufSJugu « 'arwisK-r jimre cue mysirary, . .il. :'.. Boor racing man] ?fpo. ^teeplechafong now we leave him} ; ;2-Jo half-mile spirts to fog and grieve Mm, j jBut ; fence and«£itch will yet deceive him, ? Poor -racing man !' ^The;echqdftiie^sa,ddling bell has scarcely . idi^d away bafpre: Crpydon, Sandown, JSiigsbTuy, ..and Cheltenham sound tlie ^Assembly :and jsymmon us 'between the ^ags.' .' For the &rst; time since March we '; Aave^ja programme devoted entirely to i|ie \- '. illegitimate. The weatter on Tuesday, :Noyenjber 28,.thB.pjeening day of 0roydpn, -was:a pleasant cpntmst to what is s© of ten «sperjteneedS!and tp what seemed to threaten feom ^« /torriKafa ,pf rain which fell on jtfonday. IBjit, after 0 in the morning it ,. hs-oke fgs good, iand so .fine was the day that it jirew the largest attendance ever feiown. r p'he ground was certainly a trifle iwlding, b^t thanks to a drying wind ' ' .-.' in the f o)peijpjpn, and the drainage operations 'fcince |ast; spring, it was better for racing ?Gam :tho.se .wfep -knew Woadside in the ipet^iticipated. ; Proceedings commenced Tather -taxqeltf vwajth a walk-over for old JSilvei3i^re,,who;is.£iowyery ^ infirm, and was ,j eai4 *&o;& 0\. ihave Ijad a canfer for three ; monthfi.' He has iieien at it since 1871 fco ?oui?.ceHbain .knowledge, and the tender way in which Ue^wafi ; ridden on tiie second day shows the starting-post is no. longer his place. Readers at a distance from tke . Vp*1?16 :w^1 not .care for detpls of the less h&- portant teyeiits ; so we pass on to the race . of the /day, T^e Grand' Rational Hurdle ,-r_. Sace. t)f 18 acceptors/ five only were ab ^enteeB, mz; :-^Wpiteb$it, Regal, Citizen, and PacMngton. ? : i Before ihe'race a good deal of attention . . \vas 'Ijesto-wed. upon the French horse, Jfoudre.de .Guexxe. Hie is a well-skape|l, compact, good-«ized muscular horse, and as -»'? ? Be won tie French Omnium, their Csesare witch, with, a ^ood amount of weight up, he was worth; supporting with the nice nan ' , dicap of 11 stoiie. On the other hand, lie ehowed signs of ±lie irons behind, and a collision with a^cab had left its mark on one of ? Ms hocks, and1 worse still, bad stopped Ms work. Exception was also \ taken to . -: 'Woodcock, iheJ winner, who had ^ also been ironed; but h!§ running was ':,.: ietfer than his-appearanee, -r .His condition ^ ??-??-xe&B; .perfection, and on -.-the sirenglii of a , -vfgvoraMe Mai witn -Rdtcatcner, be left '??rr'ybff*'; first V favorite. ; lie :r is . liy''; ^tavsyas ] was his first win since he cantered 'away with a Maiden Plate at Sandown last April. Antidote, the only horse that was left iu at the finish with the winner, was stripped in John Nightingali's best style. The Irish division were not without hopes of repeating Ingomar's spring feat with Wild Duck, but they doubted her ability to beat Woodcock, whose owner was said to have collateral knowledge of the Irish mare through Ratcatcher. During the race Antidote was always in the first three or four, but Woodcock waited till a mile from home. Half a mile from the finish it was left to Antidote and Woodcock, the mare appear ing for some time to have the best of it, but the brow of the hill told in Woodcock's favor, and he got home a length to the good. The Frenchman was done with a long way from home, but secured third place by being ridden past a field that had pulled up. Of the racing on Wednesday ani Thurs day, it is sufficient to say that the Irish Brigade won the Croydon Steeplechase with Pride of Kildare, who has been per forming most indifferently hitherto. She was in the front from find to finish, the French horse Wild Monarch second. Rat catcher carried off tlie Woodside and Military Steeplechase, aud another son of Marsyas, Mimulus, the Norwood. Pride of KUdare's clever victory was unexpected, as was the defeat of Congress, perhaps the best steeplechaser of the day. The mare is smaller than the ordinary run of long distance steeplechasers, but she is neat and bloodlike, low and long, and lias extra good shoulders. Her previous four per formances admit of some solution. Two of them were over hurdles — not a line to judge of what might be done over a country — while in her two steeplechases she met with accidents. She is by Plum Pudding or Canary out of Hibernia, by Faugh-a-Ballagh, grand-dam by Bran out of Maria, by Sir Hercules. Among the beaten lot another Irish mare, Martha, by the Coroner, has a fair future before iier. The weather at Sandown -was quite as in \- and out as some recent turf practices. On the first day, Tuesday, December 5, it was of the most wretched kind, while on the next day it was perfect. Spite of the weather, however, the sport was excellent, as the sandy soil does not suffer so much from wet. The great Maiden Hurdle Race had. atremendous list, and included such recruits from the fiatas Hampton,Middle Temple, Mr. Winkle, Pluton, Bourbaki, and Prodigal. Of these the first it will be remembered won the Goodwood Stakes ; while a year ago at Croydon he finished second to Chandos over hurdles. He opened at two to one, but for some reason or other he receded till he touched 20 to 1, the public supporting, but the stable declining to follow suit. It then got about that he had bsen asked a ques tion at home, and failed to give a satisfac tory answer. However, the horse wlio within one year has been a selling plater, winner of the Goodwood Stakes, first favorite for the Doncaster Cup, aud that against the previous year's Leger winner, went to the front pulling double, and won in a canter, as indeed he was bound to do, if all things were riirht. Hampton was ridden by his owner, Mr. Hobson, who it is said on the strength, of the trial, had £50 on Florimel, Robert I'Anson's Mouut, who was second to him. People will talk, aud they do say, that the state of the odds, when the numbers were hoisted, shows a coup was intended ; but it didn't couie off. In the race there was so much mud flying that identification was not possible. ? The fol lowing (imaginary ?) dialogue is reported. and is given for what it is worth:— R. I'Auson,. as soon as he had cleared the last hurdle, thought he had nothing to do but to catch Hampton, aud pass him mechani cally ; but the more he drove Florimel, the further did the other increase his lead. After the numbers were hoisted, savs Bobby to Freddy— « Well, I didn't tliiuk you was going to serve me like this.' Freddy— 'Was it you? Why I couldn't tell who it was, but I never thought it was you.' The Prince of Wales's Steeplechase fell to old Chimney Sweep, after a ding-dong finish with tho Irish mare Martha, whom he fairly outstayed through the mud, the verdict being a neck. Woodcock followed up his Croydon success by winning the Grand Hurdle Race, though. Halifax met him on 13 lbs. better terms than at Wobi side. ; On the second day the Great Saudown Steeplechase, after a game and desperate struggle between Palm and Congress, was won by the former. It was too much to ask Captain Machell's old horse jto give 22 lbs. to Palm, who had the advantage of I'Anson up, and had niade marked improvement in the week since Croydon. His gallop there, and clipping his coat, made him strip a much superior horse, and his owner, who trains himinperson at bis farm near Kilburn, had evidently lost no time. The wonderful mare, Lucy, with 14 st. on her back, and Lord M. Beresford at the reins, won the Priory Steeplechase iu the commonest of canters by ten lengths ; and Florimel, by winning the Handicap Hurdles, showed how good was the form of Hampton. At Kingsbury, Boyne Water, who the ^ay before had won the Royal Hunt Steeple chase, carried off the. Metropolitan Hunt Cup; and Florimel, in a Hurdle Race, iat 12 fit., could only get ifchii-d to. Halifax atlO&t.; 51bs. The4yrs. old Jupiter, who Has had a sharp time of it lately, won the Middle sex Steeplechase at 11 st. 3 lbs. . ' ] ' Of Cheltenham there is not much that calls for remark. (3. Archer, a rising jockpy on ^the flat, younger brother of the famous F. Archer, came out on the other side of the question, and riding his own mare Nativity -7— and by the way, we believe he was bom atCheltenham, his father lived inthe neighborhood years ago— won by 20 lengths. The next day the Autumn Steeplechase fell to Citizen, by Citadel, a Lbrse who promises to take a high rank in cross-country events. If there is one branch of the turf which aiore than another goes to the heart of ? a people, that branch is steeplechasing, aad that people is the Irish. They have grsat traditions and great deeds linked with die flat, as The Baron aud Faugu-a-BillaUj imd plenty more can testify, but almost all the men of the flat go in for something over sticks as well, and -we believe there ^is not an Irish owner who would not soonfer win the Grand National than the Darby. While as for the people, contrast the miserable muster at a meeting where only the legitimate business is allowed with the throng at Punehestpwn^ or 'any ?,' place where steeplechases swell tlie pro gramme. A few words about Irish steeple chases may be in season now. The Curragh, as is well known, is the principal scene of training operations, and the Hall Stables, presided over by Messrs. Moore, may be set down as the chief academy. Their string includes Scots Grey, Albert, Juggler, Garuebird, Liberator, Furley, Pride of Kildare, Revenge, Salaniis,Thirsk, Cigarette, and others. Scots Grey is now in his sixteenth year, and his day must be considered gone, although after a long interval he reappeared in October to win in the deep ground which suited him all to pieces. Albert long labored under suspicion that he would never stand training again, but Ms running at Shrewsbury proves him tolerably sound. Juggler needs only time and care. Game bird won the Sefton, and rau forward in the Grand National, wMch makes him a fairly good horse last spring. Liberator, by Dan O'Connell, when far from fit performed well in the Grand National, since when he has not started. He was purchased for £1,000, and is a sound powerful horse, but many are of opinion he cannot stay. Furley is not the horse he was, and at Cork, Kilkenny, aud Old Rock was easily beaten. Pride of Kildare is apparently balow tlie size we look for iu a Grand National winner, 'but her recent performance shows she has her day out. Revenge is rated very highly, but is probably too slow for Aintree. Salami s, a very *nice filly by Solon out of Gazelle, is too young yet to make a name. In the past season she has been running as a three-yeav-old on the flat with small success. Thirst, by Tlior manby out of Wild Agnes, was bought from Captain Machell, and. though he brought a great reputation, has proved a failure. AtEyrefield Lodge, hard by where Allan McDonogh used to keep, Mr. Linde has a useful paying team, Sultana, Martha, Christmas Gift, Glenalmond, Outlaw, Mountain Lad, Spider, Admiral, New Purchase, Abdallah, Happy Thought. Christmas Gift is by Plum Pudding, out of Tryback by Harkaway, and was given to Mr. Linde by his former owner, wlio thought him useless. A winter's hunting put him right for going into work, and with 12 st. 3 lbs. he won the Conyngham Cup, beating old Scot's Grey at 1-3 st. 1 lb. by a neck, after a terrific race. This, however, cannot be considered a great performance. Glenaknond is said to be a rare fencer. Outlaw, by Outcast out of Chevy Chase, had a rare pace up to a mile on the flat, but he is said to be roguish and not the best legged. Mountain Lad and Spider are re ported doubtful stayers. The latter, how ever, is a winner, though he beat a ragged lot ; and so is the former, as are New Purchase, Abdallah, and Happy Thought. Captain Gubbins has Chancellor and Assu rance. The former is by Solon out of Claret Cup, a famous stayer, by Claret, grandam, own sister to Birdcatcher and Faugh- a-Ballagh. But he is one of a class that likes to be considerably better than his company. Assurance gives good promise by Ms performance with Mrs. Starr. Doucie has Rosanmore by a son of New minster, Wild Duck, and Iugomar. The latter's doings scarcely need record here. Wild Duck did not perform brilliantly at Croydon. Rosanmore is an improving horse. Connolly is looking after Grand National andTurco. Grand National is by Plum Pudding out of Lyra, and though, he has not made any great exhibition on the Eng lish side of the Channel Ms home perfor mances are undoubted. Turco, by Selirn, from Breda, by Buccaneer, has shown good '? form in England. Mrs. Starr and Melitta are under the charge of May, the headlai of the gentleman who rides under the name of St. James. On the whole Ireland looks less dangerous than we have known her.' England, on the contrary, has an im mense recruiting depot, iu the flat races, from wMch sue draws raw material in a way that the founders of steeplechases and hurdle races never contemplated. Those worthies would have been aghast atlthe idea of winners of the Royal Hunt Cup, AscotStakes, Great Metropolitan, and Good wood Stakes, coming out in the jumping line in the same season during which they scored their wins on the flat. Yet thii is wliat Lowlander, WMtebait, and Hampton have done. The successes of Chandos, Regal, Ingomar, Harmonides, Zero, Wood cock, Pahn, Friar Tuck, Elliot, St. Swithin, and Halifax, take up the wondrous tale. And so the close of every racing season swells the ranks and adds new candidates. Some idea may be formed of the system; by giving a list, by no means exhaustive, of recent additions, in which will .be found names prominent at all the principal fix tures of the past season, e.g. — Scamp, Prodigal, Hopbloom, Lord Gowrau, Slumber, Innisgowen, Brigg Boy, Pageant, Mr. Winkle, Lacy, Conductor, Fairy King, Dukedom, Telescope, Timour, Bridget, Rascal, Policy, Pluton, the Truth gelding, Kidbrooke, Stroller, Glenmarkie, Quick March, Catseye, Broadside, Lottery, Percy, Ebor, The Wizard, Seyyid, Curator, Bayard, Mohican, Miss Lizzy, Concha, Majesty, Bay Windham, Hellenist, Freniantle, Julia, Admiral Byng, Somnolency, Tlie Shah, -Uabbi, Middle Temple, Ormelie, Arbitrator, Lady Rosebery, Peto, and others. Of course the list will take a deal of sifting, and very few grains of wheat may be found iii the process, but the modern practice has found a use for a class of norses not worth retaining in the flat service. Few probably will come out of the ordeal finished steeple chasers, but hurdles can put up with some tMng less accomplished. A racing season, past and done with, leaves behind it a legacy in tlie shape of statistics; statistics of winning mounts, winning owners, and winuing sires. And though some one has said 'nothing is so deceiving as statistics, except perhaps, facts,' the burden is laid upon the tarf scribe, and he is bound to carry it. The annexed table is the record of the season, as far as the principal jockeys are concerned : — Won. Lost. Total. F. Archer ... 208 ... 418 ... G54 H. Constable ... 74 ... 232 ... 303 T. Bruckahaw ... 59 ... 171 ... 233 R. Weedon ... 55 ... 173 ... 22S H. Morgan ... 55 ... 259 ... 311 T. Gannon ... 52 ... 169 ? 221 W. Newhouse ... 51 ... 184 .. 235 J. Goater... ... .49 ... 169 ... 2)3 F. Wehb ? 42 ... Ill ... 153 C. Archer ... 38 ... 229 ... 2S7 J. Macdonald ... 3i ... 177 „. 211 C.^Tood ? 3i ... 151 ... 1S5 The following also won races, and their scores stand as follows : — H. Custanea, So wins; S, Snpwdon, 23; J. Jams, 22; I?1. Jeffery, 21; Cutler, 5; Major, 5; and Andrews, 2. - Thus, for the third year in succession, F. Archer heads the list. Such performances are made possible by the facilities of tra velling, both for men and horses. The name of George Fordham is conspicuous by its absence, owing to ill-liealth. The statistics of the principal winning owners read as below : — Count Lagrange ... ... ...£17,650 LordDupplin ? 14,330 Lord Rosebery ... ? 13,190 Lord Falmouth ... ? 10,030 Mr. H. Houldsworth ? 9,732 Sir G. Chetwynd ? 7,949 Mr. A. Baltazzd ? 7,425 Mr. H.Baltazzi ? 7,090 Mr.W. S.Crawfurd ? 5,171 Captain Machell ? 4,612 Mr. Savile ? 4,578 Lord Wilton ? 4,3S0 Mr. T. Jennings ? 4,376 Lord Hartington ? 4,370 Mr. W. Gerard ? 4,211 Mr. Vyner ? 3,934 Prince Soltykoff ? 3,9o8 Mr. J. Smith... ? 3.805 Mr J. Johnson ? 3,720 Mr. W. K. Marshall ? 3,281 ! Duke of Hamilton ? 3,065 Mr. Pulteney ? 3,035 Count Lagrange is at the top of the tree with twenty races won. The principal contributors to bis account are Camelia, winner of the One Thousand, and half the Oaks, and Chamant the double victor in tlie Middle Park and Dewhurst Plate. Other useful allies were La Coureuse, the only Stockwell mare in training, Allu mette, Braconnier, lana, Ca- neni'osvt, Gavarni, Verneuil, and Leopold. Aud the future is no less promising, as ill Chamant the Phantom Cottage esta blishment has the first favorite for the coining Two Thousand and Derby. It ?will be remembered that the Franco Prussian war compelled the retire ment of the Count from the turf, but the reins were handed over to M. Lefevre, wlio had such capital tackle to work with, and made such good use of it, that during th.3 four years he raced in England lie was tMice head of the poll, and when beaten was second to Lord Falmouth. Lord Dap plin follows with 16 races, value £14,383. Of tMs, Petrarch contributes £11,703 by the Two Thousand, Ascot Prince of Wales's Stakes, and Leger. Some deduction ap parently must be made from the value to Lord Dupplin, as Captain Oliphant was a joint purchaser, and the breeder stipu lated for contingencies. The other winners were Kaleidoscope, Admiral Byng, Le Promeneur, Somno lency, Polly PerMns, Slumbar, aud Teles cope, some of whom, as noted above, have been corsigned to hurdles. Lord Rosebery has caught the Judge's, eye twenty- four times, representing £13,190, and he has shown, most satisfac torily to himself, that lie has notMng to learn in match-making. Lord Falmouth has done well with £10,060, by eight horses, out of twenty three races, and with. Lady Goliglitly, -to say nothing of Silvio, King Clovis, aud .Young Roseius, may well look forward with confidence to the coming season. [We are glad our Sporting Correspondent can speak so of the breeder of Mr. Ge rard's Tregeagle, who, by the way, is half brother to Silvio. — Ed.] Mr. Houldsworth after a run of most vexatious ill-luck has turned the corner to some tune, winning £9,7-32 with twenty-five races. Springfield lias an untarnished Escutcheon, and the sou of St. Alban's aad Viridis won nine races right off the reel. Sir George Chetwynd is the winner of the greatest number of races, viz., forty, with eleven horses, but no single stake touehed £1,000. His best were Durdale, Chypre ?who won seven, and Capillaire. Thanks to Kisber's Derby, Mr. A. Baltazzi does not show so badly, and Coeruleas, Hespsr, and the Artemis colt scored a couple of thousand — all but between them, while of course the Grand Prix de Paiis is not in cluded. His brother is a proximo joeessit thanks to Ms two-year-olds, as he had not a crack three-year-old in his stable. Mr. Crawford has held higher places before, and Captain Machell's score does not include steeplechases. But we need not pursue the analysis, and will only pause to note Mr. Smith's double event of Csesare witcb. and Cambridgeshire, if it means only £3,805 in stakes, points to something like £100,000 in bets, while it is pleasant still to note the name of Mr. Bower. Bill Scott's 'remarkable young-un/' who carries us back to the days of West Australian, and still further back to the mighty Cotherstone, and further back still to earlier glories of the black and gold, when the Wizard of the North was its hired and trusted counsellor. Amongst the trainers, Tom Jennings and Tom Stevens have shown how -. much of racing success depends on the art of placing your horses ; quite as much— more, we think— as in pre paring them. Twenty-two races is the practical results. Phantom Cottage — pity Ecossais is a gelding — and with a band of platers the Chilton trainer has secured £2,977. From winning horses the transi tion is natural to winning sires, and just as a tree is known by its fruits so is 'a father of the stud know by the deeds of his off spring. The canons of breeding were laid down centuries ago by Horace — 'Fortes Creautur' and the rest, and we have not learned much since. Lord Clifden, the defunct son of New minster, is at the head with £19,288 won by his stock. His death has left a gap in the Touchstone sires hard to fill. It is curious to note how the camel blood has clung to the Leger. In 1834, Touchstone by Camel ; in 1842, Blue Bonnet by Touch stone ; in 1848, Surplice by Touchstone ; iu 1851, Newminster; in 1863, Lord Clifden by Newminster; in 1870, Hawthoniden by Clifden ; in 1872, Wenlock by Lord Clifden. in 1876, Petrarch by Lord Clifden, to whom is due that sire's present posi tion, now the great northern crown. Petrarch is the only three-year-old, how ever, he leaves behind him -worth auy^ thing. Nor can much be said for his two year- olds. ? Great expectations are clierisliei: about his yearling, own brother to Haw- . tliornden, and if he copies turougk the ordeal he will be sought for to perpetuate the line. Blair Athol is second, but the doings of his twenty-five winners confirm the suspicion that he gets them -deficient in stamina. The only one of his stock that has done anything over a distance is Craig Millar; who won the Doncaster Cup. But the race? was run at a slow pace, while in a strong ruii' race for the Amalgamated : Queen's Plate.; and in a true run race for the Jockey Club Cup Charon and BracorMes bsatnim'to notiiing. The characteristic of all his stock is speed, and T.Y.C. Courses their bast sjMave. Sent to the stud at first, and with * forty mares in his first season, we have no ^ioubt there are physiological reasons for his ^trans mitting bis pace and action, but not his own great staying powers. King Tom, now in his twenty-sixth year, is represented, by nine sons and. daughters, winners of twenty-six races, value £il,-522 — all of them two and three year olds. Of the elder branch, Wild Tommy nearly won what would have be 2n a more sensational l^eger than Lord Clifden's, while Skylark has not fulfilled the promise of his two year-old unbeaten career. But amongst the younger division the Mentrune sire can claim the best all-round two year-old in England, Lady Goliglitly, who may be the Eleanor's Blink Bonny of 1877. Between now and then will be an anxious time, for more reasons than one. Lady Coventry, dam of Far nese, and Lady Golightly, is by Thormaaby out of Lady Koden, the dam of the roaring Liddington. Farnese joined tbe baud, as is tlie modern euphemism for turning roarer, and the filly may inherit it from the grandam. King Tom lias, however, been praeini nently favored in his female scions, as Tomato, Breeze, Evelina, Hippolyta, ^Hip pia, Zephyr, and Hauuck; and Lady Goliglitly looks like maintaining the tradi- . tion. Lord Lyon has had his best year since he went to the stud, Craun Pair, Lady Ronald, and Placida, all twoyear olds, being his best. Macaroni, that splendid union of Sweetheart aud Panta loon blood, not only sire of the famous Camelia, but also Maximilian, the yearling for wlioin Robert Peck gave 4,100 guineas. It is worth, recording that the dam of Camelia is Araucaria, by Ambrose out of Pocahontas, the mother of such representa tive horses as Stockwell, Rataplan, King . Tom, Knight of St. Patrick, Araucaria— all of them landmarks in the Stud Book. Speculum stands next, and Rosebary's doings in the past will give this horse an extra lift in breeders' eyes, although his stock are credited with wills of their own. . Hermit does not reach. £10,000, and. per- haps his best is Monk, own brother to Holy Friar, but disfigured with ' clubbed' feet. Levant, Plunger, Polonaise, and * Apology have left Adventurer in good company, though not so high, as ?when Pretender and Apology made his fame ring through the north. That great mare has left the post for the paddock. To Plunger, however, we may look as by no means out of the classic races of 1877, spite of tlie French stable. Newminster, though his son Victorious, who claims fifteen win ners, is keeping the Touchstone blood to the fore: and Beadsmar, though dead, still speaks in the deeds of his children, to whose twenty victories Cliaplet, Durdale, Coeruleus, contribute most. The Palmer narrowly missed getting a Derby win ner, for if Kisber had been out of the way, Forerunner would have gone down on the roll of fame. Parmesan does most to Hopbloom, but he must : look back with regret to the days when Cremorne and Favonius swelled his gains, for it took sixteen to run the score up to twenty-six, value £6,083. Rosi crucian looks like the coming sire, and the second year that his stock have faced the starter has been a good one. Ten have won twenty races, value £o,218, and Chevron and Rosy Cross stand out in advance. But if, as reported, Chevron makes a horse, the past is better than the future. And'so we might go on following the line through. Knight of the Garter,. Thunderbolt, Cather di-al, See-Saw, Scottish Chief , Trumpeter, - Broomielaw, Brown Bread, General Peel, the Duke-, -Citadel, -Comical, Cambuscanj! Julius, King of Hearts, Dalesman, John Davis, Kettledrum, Oxford, and lesser, or at least less successful sires. But our notes have outran all limits, and we will close our sires' gossip with the greatest name of all. Stockwell was credited with two winners — La Coureuse and Zacchaeus. Of speculation on the great spring events there is next to none, and just now the leading Derbjr colts are simply doing healthy exercise. Hayhoe is keeping Plunger fairly up to the mark, and Matthew Dawspn is content with long trotting and walking exercise, which is all Tom Jennings is giving Chamant. Price is giving an occasional exercise gallop, and? Rob Roy is cantering. Robert Peck is at long walks, and from that quarter danger is apprehended. Pellegrino has left off with a fair claim to consideration for the spring, and the two dark colts, Actaaon and Morier, are said to be undoubted . clinkers. The Monk is doing similar work at Kingsclere, but to Robert Peck with one of his three, or Lady Golightly, Eng-: land must look to keep the DerSy from crossing the Channel. Tlie filly is in the Two Thousand, and if she wins that and: the Derby as well, she will do a hitherto' unaccomplished feat. Twice the Derby and Oaks have fallen to one, but the Two Thousand and Derby never to a filly. [The remainder of our Correspondent's' letter will appear as space permits. — Ed.] 