CRYSTAL BROOK, June 28th. Last Sunday, June 24th, three sermons were preached in Mr. Edwin Wake's large wheat store, in connexion with the laying of the Foundation-stone of the Wesleyan Church, by the Rev. Mr. Campbell in the morning and evening, and by Rev. J. E. Thomas in the afternoon, to crowded congregations. The services left a very good impression on the hearers. On the following Monday the ceremony was performed, Rev. Mr. Thomas gave out a hymn, and Rev. Mr. Campbell read a portion of scripture and then offered prayer, after which Miss G. Priaulx came forward and gracefully laid the foundation-stone in a workman- like manner, and then declared it well and truly laid "in the name of the Father. Son, and the Holy Ghost." There was a large gathering then and subsequently in Mr. E. Wake's large wheat store, where tea was provided by Mesdames W. I. Venning, G. Venning and Darly, when the ladies were kept in constant employ for two hours waiting on the tables. It is supposed that this tea-meeting was the largest, ever held in this place. At the public meeting the chair was ably filled by Dr. Parkinson, M.B., M.R.C.S.. when the Revs. Campbell, Moncriss, Landsford. and Thomas, addressed the meeting, the choir rendered several lively pieces from "Song Life," which were very much appreciated. Votes of thanks being accorded to the ladies who provided tea, to the choir, and to Mr. Wake for kindly lending his store, brought the meeting to a close. The proceeds including services were £54 5s. 4d., and donations promised £145 18s., being a total £200 3s. 4d. The crops are looking splendid. Business in all branches is dull. THE following joint-stock companies have been duly registered :—Ravenscliff Mining Company (Limited).—Capital G0,0®()Z., in 11, shares. To purchase the Turner propcity and Mine, the Port Grove Property and Mine, both situate upon Cape Jackson. Maryborough, New Zealand, and the Durvea Property and Mine situate upon Yorke'sPeninsula. South Austral a. The company will confirm and adopt an agreement made between the Yorkc's Peninsula Mining Company (Limited), and also one between F, W Tucker and Charles Grainger. The subscribers are—F. P. Ward. 4T),;Hamilton Terrace, St. John's Wood, 200 : George Smith, West Bank. Lewisham, bank director, 200; George Clcrishew, 43, Addison Gardens. M. D;, 100 ; R. B. Otflay, 39. Ladbrook-pquare, 200 ; G. T Rait, 70 and 71, Bishopsgate-street, 100 ; C. Giainger, 1!), Wellington-street, Islington, advocate, 100; F, W. Turner, 33, GrosTenor street, Highbury. 100. The directors are—G Clcrishew, John Darlington, E. B. Ottley, (J. Smith, and F. W. Ward, the qualification being 100 shares. 