THEATRE ROYAL. Lovers of the legitimate drama have reason to he thankful to the management of the Royal for giving them the opportunity of witnessing two such admirable specimens of the old school of drama as Sheridan's charming comedy and Sheridan Knowles's powerfully-written play, "The Hunchback," which was presented on Friday evening, July 6, to a good house. "The Hunchback" was on the whole very fairly produced. All the performers were well grounded in the text and dressed the parts admirably. In addition to this the leading roles at least were excellently filled. Miss Ward gave a very successful and in some respects a powerful impersonation of the heroine Julia. As the retiring but high-bred country girl in the first act she was easy and natural, and as the play progressed she depicted the various feelings with which the mind of Master Walter's pupil is actuated in a striking and realistic manner. She was thoroughly effective in the scene where the girl fully realizes the true state of her affec tions towards the man she has renounced. The passionate burst of indignation with which she stays the traducing tongues of Helen and Modus when they profess to exult over the misfor tunes of her lost lover was very forcible and realistic, and so natural was the impetuous snatch at the torn fragment of Clif ford's letter and the action of eagerly carrying it to her lips that it evoked a loud burst of applause and a call before the curtain. The battle between womanly pride and womanly love in the scene with the supposed Secretary was also well presented; and so, too, was the affecting scene when Julia pleads with her un known father to stay her hateful nuptials. In some other portions there was a slight excess of passion, but the few faults of the rendering were lost sight of i:i the general good treatment which the part received. Miss "Ward was several times deservedly re called and liberally applauded. Mr. Chaplin had an uphill task in endeavouring to present the central figure of the play, the clever, kindly, but choleric Master Walter. Mr. Chaplin's figure is too imposing and his voice too deep and powerful to permit him to give a good presentment of the Hunchback, yet notwith standing his impersonation was by no means in effective. He was best in the scenes where feeling was requisite, and especially in the last act where Master Walter's plot is drawing to a conclusion. As the sharp - tongued, self - willed, coquettish little Helen, Miss Young was thoroughly at home, and whether in rallying Julia, thwarting Master Walter, or making love to her bashful cousin, she was spirited, arch, and vivacious as the case required, and fully deserved all the tokens of appreciation which were bestowed. In the character of Modus Mr. Rainford was not altogether at home. Modus is a bookworm, and a bashful one at that; hut it should he remem bered that he is a scholar and a gentleman, and therefore he ought not to be made to appear a mere awkward lout. His excessive modesty may be presented in a very amusing manner without displaying the amount of gauckerie which Mr. Rainford imported into his rendition of the part. However, his acting in the declaration scene atoned for much, and was very enjoyable. Mr. Douglas missed a good op portunity of appearing to advantage in the part of Clifford. He was heavy and inanimate almost throughout, but particularly so in ■ the scene where he appears as the supposed Secretary. His face, which should have shown sadness, interest, and joy, expressed nothing bat deep dejection or rather moroseness. Mr. Douglas gave a very capable impersonation of Joseph Surface on Thursday night, and the part of Clifford, though dissimilar, is not more difficult, yet he did not seem to have anything like a proper conception of it requirements. Mr. South was very mirth provoking as the loutish boasting Fathom. Mr. Brown as Master Wilford acted with spirit and fair discrimination, and the small roles of Gaylove, Stephen, and Thomas were well filled by Messrs. Welsh, Hasker, and Carey. The favourite "tragedy, " Macbeth," composed the hill of fare for Saturday evening at the Theatre Royal. As is usual when this play is produced on the last night of the week, the lower-priced portions of thp house were crowded to excess. There was also a full attendance in the stalls, and the dress-circle made a fair dis play. At about 9 o'clock His Excellency the Actipg Governor, accompanied by Signor and Signora Majeroni, the Private Secretary, and Aide- de-camp, entered the theatre and was shown to the box next the stage. Of the performance of Macbeth as a whole we cannot speak in terms of high eulogy. It should he remembered, howenar, that it is by no means an easy task to produce such a heavy'play as this for one night, and so the performers deserve "to he complimented for the smooth manner in which the piece ran throughout. There were not many serious steps in the text, and the business had evidently been carefully studied. Locke's beautiful music too was admirably rendered by the company without any outside aid such as is usually obtained; in fact we doubt if thg musical portion has been better given in Ade laide. The following was the castMacbeth, Mr. Geo. D. Chapliu; Macduff, Mr. H. N. Douglas; Malcolm, Mr. J. H. Bainford; Duncan, Mr.-J.: Joyce; Banquo, Mr. J. P. West; Donal bain, Miss Dolly Forde; Rosse, Mr. C. Brown; Lennox, Mr. A. Elliott; Seton, Mr. J. Hasker ; Bleeding Soldier, J. Hasker; Physician, first Witch and second Officer, Mr. J. J: Welsh; first Murderer, Mr. G. P. Carey; second Murderer, Mr. Beading; Hecate, Mr. J. South; second Witch, Miss Rogers; third Witch, Miss Melville; first Officer, Mr. T. Carey; Lady Macbeth, Miss Ada Ward; Gentlewoman, Miss D. Mainwaring; Fleance, Miss Tilly Francis. This is/the seoond occasion on which we have had an opportunity of seeing Mr. Chaplin in the role of the regicide Thane, and while admitting that he gives an impersonation which is certain to be received with favour by a large number of playgoers, and which in some respects is a capable one, we do not think that it is a studied rendering of a somewhat difficult part. It lacks the light touches which only come with a full and true conception of the character of this physical hero but moral coward—the man whose vaulting ambi tion enables him to conceive and have the wish to carry out a certain bold though treacherous course of action, but whose mind is too far reaching and timid, and whose will is so weak that it hinders him from doing successfully the evil he has all the desire to compass. Mr. Chaplin's impersonation has not sufficient light and shade. It is like a writing executed with a thick quill pen, which though plain to read is not pleasing in that it lacks fine strokes. His Macbeth is a handsome, soldier-like, headstrong man, having certain superstitious fancies it is true, but only such as might affect any one living in Macbeth's days; robust in mind and body, and pursuing steadily a preconceived course, affected only by a few transient prickings of conscience. The soliloquy to the air-drawn dagger was impressively delivered, and the ghost scene at the banquet was rendered with much realistic force and. passion, but in the parts where Macbeth's weakness of purpose should have been displayed Mr. Chaplin failed. The sudden determination of abandon ing the bloody business and his reply to Lady Macbeth's reproaches in the first act for instance, were delivered in a tone of high resolve and manly dignity which would have been appro priate in a character like Othello, but were altogether unlike the deliverance of such a man as Macbeth. Mr. Chaplin, as before stated, looked the part to perfection and dressed it magnificently. He was repeatedly cheered and was recalled at the end of the play. Miss "Ward gave a painstaking rendering to the part of Lady Macbeth, and deserves credit for the intelligence and moderation she dis played. She did not succeed in fully rising to the exigencies of the role, and it was scarcely to be expected that she would, for we understand that she has but recently studied it, and then rendered for the first time. None of the other performers call for special notice, though all acted with a commendable amount of care and earnestness. On Tuesday evening the pleasant young actress (Miss Ward)who has been taking the leading business at the Royal since the season opened took a well-deserved benefit. Long before the time of opening there was a crowd round the entrance doors, and at half-past 7 the stalls, pit, and gallery were packed as closely as possible, and many were turned back at the doors. The boxes also were quite full enough for comfort. His Excellency the Acting Governor and suite were present throughout the entire performance. The piece presented was "East Lynne," in which both Miss Ward and Mr. Rainford, who takes the part of the wronged husband, appear to great advantage, and indeed it may be said that the majority of the company are at their best in depicting the characters in this somewhat sentimental but yet effective drama. The beiieficiare was greeted with a hearty round of applause on her first entrance, and was recalled and liberally rewarded with floral offerings at the termination of each act. In response to an enthusiastic recall Miss Ward reappeared at the end of the piece, and in a well considered and gracefully-expressed speech re turned her thanks to her Adelaide admirers. She said she would be ungrateful if she did not tender her heartfelt thanks to the generous friends who had treated her so kindly from her first appearance in South Australia until that night. She certainly did not regard Australia as a place of banishment, but almost as a second home. Wherever she had appeared in the dif ferent colonies the treatment she had received had been most gratifying, and she need not say that it was very cheering to a lonely actress to see so many reassuring smiles amongst jher auditors and meet with expressions of sympathy and approbation from them. Miss Ward went on to speak of the good feeling which had been manifested towards her by the management and also by her brother and sister artists, and re ferred in a sensible spirit to the treatment which she had received from the Press, expressing her opinion that both the favourable and adverse criticisms which had been published on her acting had been fair and impartial. In con clusion she intimated that she would give three more performances this week, and hinted that she would in all probability return to Adelaide for a second season a few months hence. Miss Ward has made herself exceedingly popular during the short time she has been in Adelaide, proving herself an earnest, capable, and lady like actress, and as such performers are none too plentiful, we can cordially endorse what is a widely-felt desire that she may see her way clear to appear again later in the year at our Theatre. "White's Rooks.—On Saturday Bachelder's Combination Company closed their season at this place of amusement. An afternoon per formance was given, at which there was a large attendance of little folk, who each received some present; and in the evening there was another large audience, who accorded to the various items in the programme unmistakable marks of favour. The Anglo- German eccentricities of Mr. C. H. Lay created, as on previons occasions, great laughter, and were rewarded with liberal applause. Mr. Lay has, we understand, decided to cast in his lot with the Pantascope Company, and will accompany the entertainment as lec turer—a post which he is especially qualified to fill. Mr. Lay, who has been employed in our Telegraph Department since his arrival in Ade laide, has by his genial manner and good fellow ship made a large circle of friends, who will wish him all the success he can wish himself in his new position. He has received a most flat tering communication in reply to his lette resigning his position from the Postmaster General and Superintendent of Telegraphs, in which Mr. Todd states his regret at losing Mr Lay's services, and conveys good wishes for hi future success. Twenty-six officers of the Tele graph Department have also presented him with a joint letter, expressing their high opinion o him as a man and a fellow employfi. Bachetder's American Pantascope opened at the Town Hall, Port Adelaide, on Tuesday night last to a moderate audience. It was ex plained at the outset of the entertainment that the gas effects in connection with the hall were not sufficient to allow full justice being done to the views exhibited. They were, however, in many instances received with hearty and well deserved applause from the audience. Voltaire, in his ventriloqnial entertainment with his funny folks, elicited frequent bursts of merri ment from those present, and a dnet by two of" the figures was redemanded. The distribution of prizes to a large extent prelnded a naval encounter between the Merrimac and the Monitor, which concluded the evening's amuse ment. Death of one of the Davbnpobt Brothers. —The Sydney Morning Herald, referring to this occurrence, says:—" Mr. "W. H. EL Davenport, one of the brothers whose performances have created so much discussion in England, America, and more recently in the colonies, died of con sumption at the Oxford Hotel yesterday morn ing. The deceased was a native of Buffalo, U.SA., and first appeared in connection with his brother and Professor Fay twenty-three years ago as exponents of what have been termed spiritualistic seances. He arrived in Sydney a few days ago from Auckland." 