(Echoes from the ffittsh. BY GEOFFRY CBABTHOKNv It is an amusing problem to consider how the controversy between the Govern ment and the recalcitrant J.P.'s will end. Thus far the former have taken their snubbing " lying down." They seem, indeed, to have nerformed the part of the fabled ostrich who puts his head in a bush so that he may escape observation. They had not strength of mind enough to require the obnoxious resignations to be withdrawn, but simply declined to let them be seen by the Governor, although they have had " much pleasure in dis closing them to the world at large. Indeed they are content to accept the offensive strictures if only their critics will give them a separate letter to submit to His Excellency. Mr. Sandover and those who acted like him have the satis faction of knowing that their resignations are gracefully accepted, and their rebuke at the same time duly recorded in the Attorney-General's. office and the Parlia mentary archives. But how about the others 1 If the Government had had the courage of their opinions they would have said a fortnight ago-" We will not have our acts criticised by men amenable to authority: either your letters must be withdrawn or you shall be dismissed." Instead of this they have waited to see how the wind blew until the eclat of a bold deed has become impossible. Still a worm when trodden on will turn, aud though they have let the time go by for putting down their foot with the lordly air of the lion, they can still turn on their adversaries in vermicular fashion by re moving them from office. I commend this step to the consideration of the next Cabinet as the only possible escape now left from utter humiliation. Meantime another amusing result of the Government speculations in _ the vofca market has cropped up. The idle school boy of the old story book who vainly invited so many busy members of the animal kingdom to come and play with him, or the philosopher Diogenes unsuc cessfully prosecuting his search for an honest man, went not upon a more hope less errand than did the Special Magis trate at Kapunda last week when he tra versed the town seeking for a man humble minded enough to let his name be placed upon the Commission of the Peace. If, as my caustic Everard avers, " unblemished character and reputation are no longer considered an indispensable requisite for the position," it is surely no wonder that one after another should refuse to hearken to the voice of the charmer, charm he never so wisely. Jack Cade's cbiwge against the Lord. Say " Thou hast appointed Justices of the Peace," may yet be made a count against the head of the Government ; but the worthy burghers of Kapunda have evidently made up their minds that their names at any rate shall not be found endorsing the defence. Like Mr. 3. G. Francis in the neighbouring colony of Victoria, who lias three times refused knighthood, the Ka pundaites firmly decline an honour which is too indiscriminately conferred and too often given as the pay for political services, in place of being regarded as a trust for the good of the State. How the terrible rift in the Kapunda Bench is to be closed-whether any Quintus Curtius is to be found willing to jump into it are problems still unsolved. Perhaps something like the following will appear in some future Gazette: TENDERS will be received at the Attorney GeneraFs Office up to the 30th inst. from persons willing to perform the duties of Justice of the Peace at Kapunda. Antecedents not enquired- into and education no object. Ad mirers of the Ministry preferred. Associa tion with the Minister of Agriculture deemed a recommendation; but the Government do not bind themselves to accept the lotcest Tender. By order, &c.; Beverting, however, to the mission of the worthy S.M., a correspondent who appears to be well acquainted with the circumstances has thus idealized that eventful day's proceedings : THE QUEST OF THE J.P. A BAXIAD OP KAPXJXDA. He had finished his breakfast, his letters were read, His boots in the fender sole uppermost lay ; "What, ho! there, iny charger," jocosely he said, "I've a right pleasant labour before to day." T1 en he rose from the table, stepped into the hall, And equipped him to brave the wet weather outside, . Soon climbed to the back of his charger so tall, And off through the rain hotly started to ride. Ifow, whither so fast ?" cried a voice through the storm, " Ho, what is your errand, good Sir, may I ask ?" . The answer came faintly, " :Tisimne to peitorm To-day at Kapunda a right pleasant task." Soon he rode up the street of the half-asleep town, . Petching folks from their stores with his clatter and din, Then checked his fleet charger, and lightly leaped down On the flags in the front of the principal inn. Out hastened the barman, out hurried mine host, m , " What tidings! what tidings, good Sir, dos. thou bring i Hath an enemy's cruiser arrived off the coast, Prepared shot and shell 'mongst the shipping to fling V "No tidings of war do I bring," said the Knight, Whom the throng standing round as "Sir Yarley" addressed; " On a mission of peace have I come with delight, Its nature methinks should be easily guessed. " Tis mine a high honour to-day to confer On one of your townsmen unnoted by fame; From obscurity lifted, he'll soon make a stir When the letters J.P. are tacked on to his , same. | " That dignified rank, I'm commissioned to i say, The Government freely desire to bestow On a suitable son of Kapunda to-day, i And where is the churl that will rudely saj * no V"" j Then the throng turned away with strange winks and sly nods, J With ironical grins and coarse comments like j these- I " No you don't!" " Not for Joseph!" " I'll lay yon long odds You don't get this child, Sir, among your JJ?.'s v He stared, did Sir Varley, and muttered " pooh, pooh!" . . Then made with long strides f jr a building hard by, Shook his friend by the band with a hearty "how do?" Told liis errand and waited, all smiles, -the reply. Ere ten minutes had passed from the door he 'emerged; . (Perplexed was his face and less hopeful his air, As evading the throng to the left he diverged And entered an office placed handily there. " Good day, honest neighbour!" Sir Varley ex claimed; " Our Queen hath a need of another J.P., AnH you among other ti ne burghers Fve named As one who right gla ily a Justice would be." Tile neighbour laid down his steel pen on his pad, He lifted his ruler and said but one word ; But his eye such a startling significance had That Sir Farley turned tail, and was off like a bird. To and fro, up and down, and all over the town, In store! and office, that mom was he met; On his brow they saw gathered a desperate frown, And his face with each failure seemed longer to get. ;But the larrikins voted it capital sport, And 'wherever he went followed close at his ' heels, { All contriving the Knight with choice slang to . exhort, Or listening outside to his plaintive appeals. Then the schoolboys, released from their tasks, ! took a run And joined in the pastime -with infinite glee, And stoutly maintained that for' real honest fun There was nothing like trying to catch a J. P. In vain was the quest. All indignant and hot, When the subject was mooted, each honest; soul seemed; . By the men of Kapunda, J J? .ship, I wot, Was plainly not much of a dignity deemed. . Day passed ; it grew dusk, and so drew on to' night, And Sir Varley rode home through the mist ' and the rain, '? And said, as in bed he extinguished the light, " Fm blesl; if I ever hunt J.P.'s again." MORAI. When distributing favours let Ministers, then, This incontrovertible fact bear in mind, ' That an honour bestowed on equivocal men Will be by respectable people declined. In my cordial welcome last week to Sir. Davenport I had not time to compliment him upon the valuable mechanical con trivances lie has brought from Yankee Land. I am not learned in saeh matters and cannot gather much idea of the apparatus from the published catalogue , but some of the exhibits speak for them selves "while others open a wide field for conjecture. Thus a self- registering tap that tells you how much beer you have taken after you have lost the capacity of measuring it approves its merits at once, albeit one wonders at such an article being needed in so sober a country as our teetotal friends would make out America to be. On the other hand what a puzzle is the " Dickey Fan," which is said to be useful in chaffing. According to old Addison's Speetator a lady's fan was often used actively in what we modcrners call chaffing. Is it possible that a Dickey Fan is the same instrument adapted to the use of a ball-room beau instead of a ball-room belle? I have heard too of an artificial ghost, con structed of a pumpkin, a candle, and a sheet, being used for the purpose of chaffing, but this is called a Fan-Tom. Again, what can a " Post-hole Digger" be ? A post-coal digger I could understand to mean a patent digger warranted to get at least gold enough to post the coal, i.e., to pay expenses; but surely a post-hole digger can only be a contrivance for nefariously extracting letters through the usual Post- Office slit. Mr. Cotton's type setting machine is 110 doubt allied with the improved " Cotton Press," but whether such an organ would have much of a circulation inSouthAustralia is perhaps open todoubt. The same doubt applies to the Mitring Maehine, which would no doubt be useful in a country more addicted to bishops. As for the new " Tire-and-Axle Upsetter" I would back half a dozen stumps on the road past my place to beat it in efficacy any dark night you like to try; and unless the " Patent Baker" is warranted to deliver hot rolls eveiy morning and never send in his bill 1 would just as soon put up with the local article. Then how could Mr. Davenport suppose we wanted any more "Felloe-borers?" Let him look at our Parliament. Are there not members there whose power of boring a fellow must equal anytlxing America can supply? The same consideration should have led lihn to reject the " Oscillating Pumps." Surely we have feeble-minded waverers enough, ready to shout for a leader one week and to hound him down the next, going from side to side and spouting energetically all the while as caprice or cajolery may work them. Of ail his importations pro bably the new " Stump- extractor" will be the most appreciated. Few people can wholly eschew toothache, and the fame of the Americans for painless dentistry is so great that their latest contrivances must be welcome. This instrument, appro priately called " the Little Giant," will it seems pull a stump up by the roots without the least pain or difficulty, and will overcome the resistance even of the strongest gums. If in addition to this boon for the public Mr. Davenport could also have imported for Parliamentary purposes a Patent Debater, warranted to speak nothing but sense and never to go for more than ten minutes at a time, he would have filled the measure of our gratitude to overrunning, and might have been measured for his statue any day he pleased. 