' i i . . ¿ ? : . . . I' . j . Supposed« Disappearance... of. "Water ?wkea Trees- axe Cleared Off. > '. 'J' 'A caso is reported fully in another column, Wright v. Hartman, tho evidence in which is d serving of the olose attention of all persons interested In the question of supplying countries with water. It is generally known that scientific men in Franoé, many years since, came to the conclusion that the clearing away of trees, if extensively done, lessens the per- manent supply of water to any country, by lessoning the yearly rainfall; and scooadly, while it thus increases the( probability of droughts, it alao has the remarkable effeot of increasing the probability of oooational disjs troua floods. And that one effectual means of, proteoting a country against both droughts and floods, is to keep it well covered with treea This waa, in brief, the result of tho appoint- ment, by the then Monaroh of Franoe, of a royal commission of scientific men to oonsider the best means of proteoting Franoe, and epeoially the valleys of the Seine and Loire, from disastrous floods. A very similar conclusion had been arrived at before, and has been reached since, by the enquiries of scientific, or well informed, men, in India and in other oountriea Yet the sworn evidenoe giveb in another column would go to show that, in this part of Australia at all events, this'rule does not hold good " Sapping" trees means the cutting off a broad ring of bark from each tree, a few feet from the ground, right baek to the aotual tim- ber, and thus cutting off all ohanoe of further supplies of sap rising from the roots to the upper part of the tree. Trees thus treated exhibit a miserable drying up foliage for a few weeks or months ; then the leaves all fall off ; the small outer branches perish, and are blown off by Btorms ; larger branohes gradually weaken so much that storms blow them off also ; and ulti- mately, for years, the bare trunks, and less or more of the bare large branohes, stand, like ghosts of trees, till, after a long spaoe of timo, Fitorms blow down all In a few oases and on small areas of ground, the owners clear off the dead trees at a muoh earlier period; but we think we are correct in saying that in the majority of cases, the dead trees are allowed to stand on grazing ground, till heavy storms blow ii_j_ bUBUl uVltUi The scientific men appear to understand that it ia the immense supply of leaves in a thiokly1 wooded country, . which draws raia, and reg- ulates wholesomely the fall of rain, partly by meohanioal aotion, partly, by ohemieal, and partly by eleotrioal. The only direot offioo per- formed by the trunks of the trees, as understood ' by soientifio men, is we believe the preventing of rain-water from running away rapidly down tho hill- sides, partly by the mechanical obstacle afforded by their trunks and fallen Doughs, and partly by their keeping the ground open, by their root-aotion, for absorbing at once large quantities of the rain-water. Yet in the present case several witnesses of high obaraoter and ability, vitally interested in the continuons supply of water on their'grazing grounds, unite in deposing that more water is found there now, after many years of sapping experienee, than there was found previously. And that the supply of water is more permanent. The statement of Mr. Henry ft White in par- ticular deserves the oareful attention of soientifio men He has, as an active partner of a very aotivo grazing firs, of large means, been con- cerned in the sapping of something like two hundred thousand aores of land And he state» that the water supply on this immense area has been sinee larger, and more permanent, than before. We may mention that though this is the most striking evidence we have yet met with to this effect, it is mainly a corroboration of what we have hoard from other old residents of the Hunter. The Wright v. Hartman evi- dence > refers to tbe upper part of the valley of the Hunter. There aro few more observant graziers in this dis- trict than Mr. £. C. Close. And the information we have gathered from him in to the effect that on the hillsides of his estate at Barraba, noar Ellalong (Wollombi district), there are now springs and supplies of water that did not exist there many years ago. And that now there are not so many trees there ob thore were formerly. A resident on the Williams Uiver once gavo us a similar opinion, so far as his experience extended. Our own conviction has long boen that the philosophers of Francs, on the occa.sion in question, deoided too quiokly. That a careful examination of the past and present con- dition of the various parts of the world, as regards supply of water, both for volume and frcquonoy, would go to fihow that local cauèce eun i cully huyo but a very mtuuto iaflueaea on the supply of rain-unless these local oausei are on a gigantic soale. That while ranges of considerable mountains do un- doubtedly exeroise a strong influence, in increasing the rainfall on ope side of the range, and lessening it on the other,-and while a very few other local eiroumstances of great magnitude oan show, over long years, a distinot rainfall in- fluence-for all the bulk of the world the oceans are the immediate influencing oauses of rainy winda and rainfall. Meanwhile we shall be glad to receive and publish, from any old colonists that will favor us, letters describing their own observations as to past and present supply of water, íb quantity and in frequenoy, from their own experience. If the tree " aoare" is really a " soare" as re- gards rainfall, the sooner it is proved so the botter. For if wo know the truth, as regards the Hunter Valley, it may save the useless expenditure of thousands of pounds. 