IN THE LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. The following second-hand members were imposed upon the Speaker as new : — to wit, the lions. John Douglas, William Miles, and J. F. Garrick. In the case of Alessrs. Kid goll, Boor, Pcrkius, Fox, and Hockings, there was uo deception. These were brand new. Mr. Ivory opened the session with a ques tion, and was requested to /iud out, then after a pause, Mb. Gkoom arose iu tho character of leader of ? any one wlifl would be fool enough tc follow him. At this tremendous moment lquiquc was swallowed up by an earthquake ; a tidal wave swept over the convulsed Paciric ; the maddened wthcr de stroyed half tbe churches in the South Soas with a wild hurricane ; all n.atu,r& trembling paused, and inombcrs of the Liberal Party took the liberty of exchanging derisive winks. Mr. Groom wanted to know instantly (so lively were the sentiments of humanity in his breast) whether the Government had ta.kon any measures to afford relief to the sick and destitute in the Roma Extension The Colonial Secretary obligingly gave M r. Groom all the information, which appeared about a fortnight ago in the Touiroomba. Chronicle, aud which showed unim\takoably that tbe Government had, taken every reason able step to Bucoour the distressed, and that M,?. Groom, in referring to what he was quite well posted 'in; probably waa layiu(j auo of his iugoninus traps fur claps. Mr. Groom then gave formal notice of his questions, so that uo one should have a chance of saying he didn't ask' them. The Oponiug Speech having been read by the Speaker, Mr. Hockings got himself and Messrs. Kingsford, Tyrel, Douglas, and Kid goll to be sent for tbe answer, which tvas trotted in aud turned out to be *l;e identical same as that discovered by tho Lords of the Council. Mr. Hockiugs having helped to bring iu this' original reply, naturally wanted it provided for, aud suggested that everybody shouldiadopt it, in a suoooh which proved that he would, make an extremely UBoful echo, gud |Uis version of the speech was, if any thing, an improvement on tho original, Mr. Kidgell said ditto to everything, especially tlw Land Bill. Mr. Ghooit would like to say a word or two. He— Groom — was surprised that no ministerial statement had been made. (It is very wrong' of tbo Goverument to play off these surprises upon the great leader 'of— thingimmy. ) The omission, was nothing Iosb thau an iuBult to the HbuBe. ' (I}rina from the outraged Chamber. ) He was partioulwjy wrathful about' the Government going and . sending that dispatch about the Chinese. ' It was an attempt to objtoin dan-trap popularity at the expense of o^nef members of the f^ouse j— probably meaning that it was an invasion, of Mr. Groom's patent rights to all clap ? trap business, and took ifo much political bread out of his month. He was deeply injured about this, and his finer feelings were hurt, too, about exposing the ' poor man' (colored) to the inconvenience of going to Maryborough tobehauged. lie would have no objection to give £50,000 -of othnr people's niuuey — to have' the Polynesian traffic abolished. With regard to the Land Act, no one was taking advantage of it ex cept paupers who would become serfs — a slap nt recent selectors for daring to take up homesteads when Mr. Groom had prophesied no one would. He warned the Government agaiuBt over education. They were putting — he loftily remarked — ideas into tbe minds of mere laborers quite unsuitcil to their — baw — con- dition of life (low wretchcB !) This distin guished Member wuut in to pour oil (of vitriol) on things iu general with a fine free hand. He elevated his high bted and haughty nose at persons who were hardly lit to be clerks to shopkeepers aspiring to Civil Service billets, (lie is right ; let us keep our service for those upper classes of which the member for Toowoomba is so dis tinguished an ornament. Let the motto of the service be ' No shopkeeper's clerks.') A competitive examination was his idea for putting a stop to injudicious promotions. He was actuated by no hostility to tho Govern ment. (Loud smiles ) Only he would not curry favor with any set of men who might happen to be iu power. Tlie honorable gentleman, &c;, &c.;, sat down, and tidal disturbances were renewed tin the west coast of New Zealand. In the House au awful silence rcigued. Somehow the Groom party did uot show up and ad vance to support their respected leader. At last, when a long enough interval had elapsed to exhibit the solitary condition of the great leader of what-d'yc-call-um, Mr. Palmer arose, and expressed his astonishment at — Mr. Groom ? not at all. Jie didn't appear to have any cousciousness of that individual's existence — at the Pre mier's silence — respecting the changes iu the Cabinet. The present Cabinet had now met three times, and ou each occasion had a separate head — a sort of mixture of Cerberus and Harlequin. Mr. Palmer then had the weakness to go in for analytical examination of the grammar of the speech, after which exhibition of his community with the weakness of poor human nature, he expressed his surprise that, in stead of Premier, Mr. Douglas was not President, considering bis recent manifesto. .Members had l-ccu torn hist session that the Gold Fields Act, if passed, would not be as sented to by any Governor, nor by the Queen. Mr. Palmerscemed uncertain whether M r. Douglas resembled King Ran Tan or the three tailors of Tooley-strest. The reference to Chfnese immigration was the (iul) purest clap- trap. China had no inouoply of small pox, linglish vessels introduced it too. The ship, ' British Empire,' h»d seven or eight cases on board (branded pustule in circle — i-ii/fl manifest). How about granting pra li'iut- to the Kate ? Would call for papers about it. Mr. Palmer continued to make it hot for the rebel President for too gicat con sideration for the Queen's representative. The Polynesian affair was more clap-trap for electioneering purposes. Ht wasn't going to help to cheat the Bank of Queensland, iu order to open the Victoria Bridge free, Es pccially he would not join people capable of ' stealing coats,' In ir«7, tho Opposition Rail way Policy, as be believed they were about to do for the second time. The Governor's spoeoli was the coolest impudence ; (Mr. Palmer is the man to make it hot, be it ever so coiil). He meant no disrespect to the Go vernor, because such speeches were merely put iu Governor's mouths. He remembered cuioe asking Governor Blackall if he wished to see the speech. The genial Colonel replied that he didn't care what was put in it so long an it was not profane ! It was rather tall of the Government to talk goody about reor ganization of the Civil Servioe, after the Minister for Works had just made two sweet appointments— one of a man whose only claim was that ho bad been at school With Mr. Thorn— and the other of a. party who had nothing to do when appointed, and could not bo trusted Hit!) the paper he wrote ou. The Hon. Member continued to paint the Guvcrnmcut and their policy iu such dark colors, that it appears a matter of surprise that the shaky gallories overhead did not fall down upon them as a judgement — the first time they ever would have possessed any judgment, according to Mr. Palmer's cvideut views. Mr. Dol-hlas (his first appearance as Pre mier), after a preliminary canter apparently intended to assert bis command of grammati cal construction, so gratuitously impugned by Mr. Palmer, expressed bis idea that the House would acquit him of any intention to insult it, as be was roprosented by the Hon. Member for Toowoomba to have done. He didn't suppose anyone else would have made such au accusation. Mr. Douglas went in to make a prodigiously effective onslaught on Mr. Palmer about his ''good story' n Go vernor Blackall. He said that 'no pro fanity' was a special proviso His Excel lency had foil it necessary to make, iu view ot Mr. Palmers public deliverance on one occasion. If anything oould have excused such a personal ouelaught by the Pre mier ou the leader of the Opposition (and nothing could) it would have been the wit excrciBed in making it. But that waa not the grossest insult cast upon the indignant leader of the Opposition,. Having his hand in, the Premier took a turn at Groom, in re ply to that Honorable— for Brutus is au bon orahle uian — that honorable gentleman's at tack ou tho Government. He has discovered that there is more of the wisdom of the ser pent than of the gentleness of the dove about that hero, and informed him that however one might admire the serpent's beauty (meauing Mr. Groom's beauty) one had to look out for fangs. He wished Mr. (i. would conform a little- more to the truth, which, &q.;, &o.; It was after that that the Premier took a double-barrelled shot, and hit both the traitor aud the foe. He invited Mr. Groom to have the courage of his con victions (Oh ! Mr. Douglas) aud go and »e»t himself bnvik Mr. Palmer ! This was frightfully rough on Mr. Pahn&i-;, who is rather particular as to hit associates. Really Mr. Douglas should observe the conventiou alitieE better. Ho repudiated tho charge of not being a true servant of the Crowu, and wont on to explain that, while be was not content to be governed by the will and pre rogative of the Imperial Power, and wanted self Government, even if that led to independ ence he could bold the opiuion with perfect loyalty, &c;, &c.; All of which appears to me quite unnecessary, for the House does not re quire to be told that its metaphysical Pre mier can hold any two or mcj« contrary opiuious at the same timo, with complete satisfaction to, himself as to his own perfect binoerity, being gifted with a rare faculty of conscientiously believing black to be white wheuever it appears convenient so to believe. SoMrBprnaye was not ordered to to ke away ' that bauble' this timo, nor aro the lloyal Arms to be obliterated from the walls of the Chamber, as the famous sheep's hood originally placed ovorthe Speaker's chair was removed by the orders of the outraged E. W. Lamb. Mr. Douglas intimated bis opinion, that Mr. Palmer had not beon game to speak on the Laud Act. Ho further alleged that thfi sales under the Western Railways Act proved that the lauds sold were worth, tho upset price. Mr. Morehcad here iutejeoted a contradic tion; from which it would appear that he has — as the largest purchaser on commission — been, making, in his opinion, a very bad bar gain for bis principals, 1 don't think they will rue their purchase tho' 1 Mr. Douglas continued, with roforenoe to tho seriouB charge brought against him by Mr. Groom in his wrath, of sitting in, the middle of tho Ministry instead of, in, the Da's place, that— awful as it nught appear— he sat (here for convenieuooof consulting a colleague on either side of him. ' ipeS^°«^^%^S Mr7M'Ii.wBAiTH8awinit a Uodeobyjto ??' £-gjfj| raifie ghosts for the sake of laying Owl; wd Vai Mr. Mohehbad regarded -the Woggrn -^pPS Rail way land sales as an utter-failure, '' ' S Mr. THowfsaM nothing in particular, Md l- was followed by * , Mr. Ivobv, who, in that diffident jnanner - - - and soft voice which are bis characteristics in Parliament, expressed himself as doubtful whether he had an idea, bat was -determined if he had that the Government shouldn't catch it with their fishing speech. Mr. Groom once more made the'ooean billowy by arising, and intimated in effeot that no amount of scorn would hurt him.. Like Mawworm in The Hypocrite, he. «' Ukst to be despised.' How he must enjoy life I He wouldn't shift his seat for anything less thau a boot. He announced that since the . removal of Mr. Edmonstone he (Mr. Groom) was ' tbe father of the House.' His children showed not the slightest disposition to be enthusiastic over this discovery of a parent, and probably reverted in mind to a recent comedy by Alexandra Dumas fit, entitled ' On Pere Prodigut ;' translated into Eng lish by Charles Matthews, under the title of ' My Awful Dad !' . ? ! Most of the members bolted on discovering whose children they were, and the Premier, with the promptitude of a tactician, seized the opportunity to make his Ministerial ex planation as to tbe changes during the recess. Then the wicked ceased from troubling, and the weary were at rest till next day, for which see Wednesday's issue. 