« DALBY. ffrom ottj^own cokb.espondknt. 1 The sittings of jtlie District Court were held by his Honor Judge "Paul, on Tuesday last. There were two crimiu.il cases. The first was against K, Davenport, charged with forgery which he com mitted by receijjtir^ga. bill himself, the money for the payment of which had been entrusted to him by Mr. H. Thorn, of. Warra, and returning the bill to Mr. Thorn 'assuming; it had' been paid and duly receipted by the storekeeper (O'Brien), to whom he should have paid the money, but did not do so. " He that goeth surety for a frffend shall smart for it," was fully exemplified in this ease,.as Daven port, who was out on; bail on his ojra recognizances and those of the Messrs. J.' Carmody (father and son) failed to appear, when called 7- in fact, it was known for more than a week before that he had levanted, and such being the case, at the instigation of Mr. Garrick, the Crown Prosecutor j tie'judge ordered that the recognizances of those Wo gentle men should be estreated. Tiie other case yas against Thomas* Wall, 'charged with stealing a saddle at Charley's Creek; on the 24th ult. He was only committed "for- trial the day before. He pleaded drunkenness -in extenuation of the crime, and craved Bis- Honor's ;leniencj; on^ accoant of his large familyBeing a first offence,' he was sentenced to the mitigated penalty of nine months' imprisonment with hard labour in Brisbane GaoL: Of the two civil cases, there was only one of any general interest, and. this was J. C. Mitchell v. 1L Cardell, of Tieryboo, for a balance doe for services performed. Mitchell is a distant relation of Mr. Cardell, and was the proprietor: of the express waggon that was started on the road between here and Roina, and which was , to be the pioneer of a regular line, but which project came to an untimely end. He had lived bit defendant's station for ten or eleven years, and generally was understood to have a personal interest, by his own shoving, In Tieryboo station, which fallacy, however, this action has now exploded. The services performed had principally reference to driving cattle between Cressbrook and Tieiyboo on different occasions, in 1874 and 1S75. A settlement had been come to between the two in February, 1876 ; bat in plain tiff's account before the court he hadchaiged back from November 12,1875. There was a Bet-off of £181 15b. 2d., the amount of settlement in_Febru ary,'I) ut Mr. Ghnbb (plaintiff's attorney}, said -that the sum of £49 15s. was not included in the account then settled; but His Honor said it appeared to him that a full and final settlement had been come to on that occasion, and therefore the plaintiff was non suited. ~ ' As the electric wire will have acquainted yon long ere this arrives, the member for Northern Downs) \V. Miles, Esq., has resigned his seat as representative of that constituency, having accepted the office of Colonial Secretary, vice Mr. Stewart, resigned.. He, however, appeals to the same elec torate for re-election, and promises that prior to the day of nomination he will endeavour, if possible, to address the electors, and give them a full and, as he hopes, a satisfactory explanation of his reason for becoming a member of the Douglas administra tion. Surely the hon. gentleman need not make the meeting of the electors a possible contingency, butshoulnat once "fix the happy day" wherein to meet them and woo their sweet voices, and vivd ' voce, give the explanation promised. It was reported in town on Saturday evening that one of the Dalby mailmen, running the Moonie and Sunt mail, was drowned in the Buonne River; but as the name of the deceased was not mentioned —it being affirmed, however, that some one was drowned—it is supposed he might not necessarily have been a mailman. St Patrick's Day falling upon a Saturday this year, the holiday was kept, by general consent, upon Monday instead. The day was very-favorable for out-door sports, being cloudy and warm with a fine breeze blowing. The sports, under the aus pices of the Hibernian Society, which were held in the Show-yards, commenced by a gathering of the members of the Hibernian, Caledonian, and Odd Fellows Societies in regalia, at the Town Hall, at half-past nine o'clock, whence, with the band play ing, they started for the railway station to meet the up train, which brought about a dozen viators ; thence through the town to the yards. To give the winners of the various events .in detail would not prove interesting to your readers, but J will note chose of principal interest here. There was one omission by the committee and lessee of the gate that was rather an oversight, for the former did not advertise their programme in the last issue of the local paper, nor the latter Ids -charge foradmission —as the fuller the information afforded on such occasions the' better. The attendance 'was about 800, with a goodly number of buggies, which was : necessary to repay the gatekeeper for his outlay for the gate for which he gave £30.- There were no enSies for the single stick exercise nor for wrestling, but for the Irish jig and and hornpipe there were over half-a-dozen for each. There were but two competitors for the Highland fling, the prize being easily won by the piper, who danced it in Highland costume; Wirth's band was engaged for the day, and helped to make the time pass pleasantly. 'Hie running high leap was won by M*Coska jumping five feet three inches, and the standing jump by 3. Davis Stone, an American, who cleared eleven feet seven inches. There was a tie between Stone and Oldham in i throwing the heavy stone 26 feet 14 inch; this was I not thrown off. The 400 yards handicap hurdle race, over six hurdles 3 ft. .6 in. high, was won _ by Stone, Lyndon (senior) second, Lyndon (junior) i breaking down second time roamL lius was a well-contested race, and gave much satisfaction. This, however, cannot be said of the grand event of the day, and to witness which many visitors had expressly come—to wit, the St. Patrick's Day ! Grand Handicap, flat race, of one mile, for 10 I guineas first prize, £2 second prize. There were ! three entries, the brothers Lyndon and Stone, but I the handicappers pat Stone 170 yards back, which being about a tenth part of the distance to be run, ! decided Sbbne that he would not risk his lack. Many persons considered that Stone was too heavily handicapped, especially as it spoilt the race, as between the two brothers, though both went the distance, there was no actual running. The elder Lyndon came in an easy winner, Lyndon (junior) ditto second. The booths seemed well patronised, : and with the exception of a refractory steed, which, having bolted, knocked a man down, and 1 rushed twice through the crowd of people at the I ropes without doing any damage, there were no casualties to report. Everybody seemed to enjoy themselvefl thoroughly, not excepting the new | Colonial Secretary, Mr. Miles, who indulged in a ■ merry dance to the enlivening tune of the bagpipes, and the proceedings came to a termination about six o'clock, when the procession re-formed, and with the band playing, started again for town. The awards of the Committee gave general satis ! faction, land the course was kept admirably free of intruders the whole day. March 19. ! "Bohemian," in the Weekaaya,—Mr. Stewart has resigned as Colonial Secretary, and now there is more trouble, because it only left one vacancy to be filled up—and at least a dozen | members of the party qualified to fill it. The eleven who are passed over very naturally, and very properly, feel hurt and indignant at the t treatment they have received. If they do not vote against the Government when the House meets it will be from pure loyalty to the party— and a hope and expectation that billets will be found for all of them before very long. This has always been the trouble in the ranks of the Liberal party. Every man jack of them, with the sole exception of my old friend Edmonstone, feels himself qualified to be a Minister of the Crown, and considers himself slighted by not having his claims acknowledged when his party is in power and any vacancy occurs. There was some talk about offering the appointment to Mackay, our late Commissioner at the Philadel phia Exhibition, and finding him a seat after wards. From what I know of Mackay. he would make as good a Minister of the Crown as any there were to choose from. He has brains and knows how to use them. But bless your inno cent heart 1 do you think Mackay had the ghost of a chance against so many members who already hold seats, and have steadily voted with the party all through ? Why, his appointment would have ruined the prospects of the Ministry if they had been twice as bright as they now are. I knew the Ministry were not game to offer the appointment to him—and they cannot be blamed. " Self-preservation is the first law of nature "— as the copy-books at school have it. MileB is the boy from Limerick. Miles, from a party view, is most entitled to the honor. He went a ! little crooked once or twice, but he is sound at i bottom, and has fought hard and long in the rank and file of the party. He deserves pro motion. I have always had a good opinion of Miles, and believe his fair claims to office were overlooked some time ago—it don't matter now to what particular time I refer. As for purely party reasons it cannot be Mackay—why, Miles by all means. A valued correspondent, whose acquaintance with finance and trade is undoubted, sends us (Sydney Morning Herald) the following facts and forecasts, dating from London on the 11th January :—" It is a pity that a new year cannot be heralded with the decisive note of peace, but although that be not the case, the prospects of war seem more distant than ever ; for not the best informed—not Prince B ism ark himself — could have prognosticated that the present position of affairs would have been brought about by the weakness of Russia. Yet such is actually the case, and Turkey is for the moment the master of the situation. The political world was perfectly aware that the attitude taken by Prussia was with the view of ascer taining the actual war strength of the Czar, and the ' extent of value his Empire might hereafter become as an ally to France in the event of European complications. Tour war correspon dent may quote to you figures, but it is almost needless to say that the world finds that Russia has: been greatly over-estimated, and that her power of injury to her neighbours is compara tively less than at the commencement of the centnry. War with Turkey is therefore unlikely, .but should it occur there appears but little doubt that for many months the Porte would be able to hold its own. If peace were assured the current year woald probably be one of great prosperity. The amount of accumulated savings seeking investment as capital is not augmenting; the discount rate for money does not increase, although all articles of import are rising in value; the home manufacturing trade is cer tainly improving, and yet bankers will not give more than 1 per cent, per annum for money in deposit. All these things point to better times coming; and it is by no means an unimportant sign that in France and America that improve ment has commenced. It is scarcely necessary to draw your attention to the exceptional price of New South Wales 4 per cent, debentures, which have been done at 99 ex div. If your colony had a consolidated inscribed stock at this moment, its quotation would be nearly equal to i consols. Your Governor's speech at Albuiy, and a leader in The Times, have been attracting ; public attention in your direction ; and even the Thunderer has admitted, in some far-off corner of his journal, an occasional paragraph fur nished by you correspondent. The Government of New South Wales should not lose the oppor tunity that is now afforded them of completing" their main lines of railway, extending immigra tion, and making the colony the chief political dependency of the Empire." Although no general election is likely to take place before the next session of parliament, there will be as great a change in the personate of the Assembly as is usually the case after an event of that sort. The member for WIckham, I Mr. Edmondstone, will, it is said, be called to the Upper House ; it is understood there will be 1 an election for East Moreton through Mr. Fryar's resignation; the late member for Gympie, Mr. Lord, must have a successor ; the member for Mulgrave, Mr. Walter Scott, is understood to haveplaced his resignation in the hands of Mr. M'llwraith ; the member for Normanby, Mir De Satge, has placed his in Mr. Palmer's keeping; so, it is supposed, has the member for Bowen, Mr. Amlmrst. Here are no less than six vacancies to fill. Besides these, Bome additional members will in all probability take their seats before the end of the Session. At any rate, it appears pretty certain that the Opposition will find itself four members short on the meeting of Parliament.—Patriot. Another. Opinion.—We know upon <rhsfc a slight foundation of -American experience the reputation of & authority on agriculture trad Admitted in Mr. Mackay, and what influence operated with the Ministry of the day in select- ' ing him aa Commissioner. He has apparently, done much better than we thought possible a£ . such a big show as " the Centennialand we feel sure that he will not object that, until, he - supplies the fullest information of the results of his mission to the United States and the West Indies under especially favourable auspices, we withhold the meed of praise which his achieve' ments may deserve, . Under all the attending circumstances, we beg to be excused frdm joining the mutual admiration society which alternates between the Brisbane Newspaper.. Company (limited) and the East Moceton , Farmers' Association. In their energetic en deavours to place him on a lofty pedestal, Mir.... Macfeay's friends may succeed in elevating him quite out of sight, or hoisting him over to make: room for one of themselves. Verb, sap.—■ Border Post. The following strange incident haa been re ported to the Wartutmbool Standai'd fay an eye witness of the occurrence: — One of the strangest freaks of a young colt, through which both rider and horse narrowly escaped a watery grave, oocurred at Nifaada last weelt. The owner of a farm, who combines coJfc-brteaking with other pursuits, handled a powerful dapple grey colt, which being what hottdjf men term "# . plum," it was thought advisable to take faira to the beqch in order to escape the danger atten dant on backing so unruly a brute in a »tock» yard. On all occasions when a colt is to be ■ | mounted people gather in crowds to see the • | sport, as they term it, and on the present occa | sion there were a good many eye-witnesses-to the incident about to be related. After having gone through the preparation of lotmging and other preliminaries, the hone was saddled and - mounted, but, to the astonishment of eveiyono present, he bolted with lightning speed for the sea, which he gained in a few seconds, and was soon among the breakers. - Three successive times was his rider washed from his seat, but with that true pluck which characterises the colonial horseman, he stuck to the pigskin in a. , most determined manner, and it now became ■ matter of life and death, as the colt was soon u < beyond the breakers and swimming most vigor ously on the large swells that were rolling inwards, and nothing could be seen but thehead and shoulders of the rider as they mounted ! the rolling billows. He continued this course | for about half-a-mile, when his rider managed : to turn his head in the direction of Gape Otway. He then continued that course for at least another half-a-mile, in spite of all the efforts used to get him to steer for the beach. The colt .hen seemed to be thoroughly ex hausted, for he floated, without any apparent desire to go in any direction, for about ten . minutes ; then, with a sudden plunge, he made for the beach in as determined a manner as he had left it, and in a very short time .horse and - rider landed amid the cheers of Mends who had : been awaiting with breathless expectation a melancholy result. A Gazette was issued yesterday, notifying th® appointment of the Hon. William Miles as - Colonial Secretary, -vice the Hon. R,. M. Stewart, resigned. The accession of Mr. Miles to the Cabinet ought to bring it strength ; but it is by no means certain that it will do so. He is a politician of a Liberal-Conservative, or Conserva tive-Liberal, type, and as Bach should deepen the tone of the Ministerial colours without render ing thein more "shady." It may be said that the hon. gentleman has no following in the House ; but, even if that be true, it is equally true that he never followed anybody himself, and always displayed his sagacity by sticking to the Opposition cross-benches, no matter who sat on the Treasury benches. In coaxing the hon. member for Northern Downs into his team, we think, therefore, that Mr. Douglas has performed a feat which must have required considerable skill—it was one of those things looked for dur- - ing the last fortnight by everybody, but which. hardly anybody expected to see. Mr. Miles undoubtedly brings to the Ministry much shrewd common sense and an amount of experience which, though not official, should make him use ful in his administrative capacity; but wears afraid that there may be some difficulty in con vincing several supporters of the Government that it was not at all necessary to goto the Opposition cross-benches for a successor to Mr. Stewart. If this should turn out to be the case, . we would not be surprised to find these honour- ' able and patriotic gentlemen exhibiting an inde pendence of party ties and a rigourously critical spirit in regard to the administration and policy ; of the Government which might prove Very embarrassing.—Courier. A deputation from the Q.P.A. Society, con sisting of Messrs. W. Kellett, B. J. Smith, J. C. Foote, W. F. Digby, and H. H. Elliott, yester day waited on the Hon. W. Miles, Colonial . Sectary, in Brisbane, and were introduced by the Hon. G. Thorn. Mr. Kellett said, that the - deputation wished to bring undpr the hem. - gentleman's notice that the people of Ipswich and West More ton had liberally subscribed for the purpose of holding an Exhibition at lp»- _ wich in May that would, they hoped, be a credit - both to that town and the colony of Queensland. The citizens of all classes had subscribed liberally . for the purpose, and up to the present had raised over £600, and they now waited on the hon gentleman to bring these facts under his notice, and to request that they should receive assistance from the Government in the same way . as had been granted to similar societies in the colony—that was, a supplement of £1 for.every £1 subscribed by the people. The exhibition about to be held would embrace all subjects —stock, agriculture, fine arts, and especially . ■ all Queensland products ; and West Moreton being the great farming district of the colony, they would have a collection of-all kinds of produce to show strangers tint . this young colony was likely to be in a few yeais the greatest of the Australian Group.' They would Bay no more on the subject, knowing that the present Colonial Secretary being an old and ; influential colonist, knew well that nothing tended so much to the advancement of any new country more than such institutions as these, and that in no way could a progressive Govern ment better expend the funds committed to their care than in fostering such societies.—Mr. Miles said that on taking office he was glad that the first deputation to him was for such a good purpose, and one which he believed in thoroughly and would be at all times happy to assist, and ha was glad to see that the people of Ipswich were making a move in the right direction. They had asked for nothing more than what ihey were entitled to, and he was glad to be able to grant their request, and he would only require that their secretary {Mr. Elliott) should send him a voucher of the actual moneys paid by sub scribers, for which they Bhould receive an equiva lent at once, and for further subscriptions aa. they came in they would receive like amounts. He hoped they would continue in the good waric they had so successfully commenced.—The de putation thanked Mr. Miles for his courtesy in so kindly considering their request, and Also their member, Mr. Thorn, for the interest ho took in their society. Mr.. Miles has certainly made an excellent beginning aa Secretary, and if he continues on the same liberal principles, lie will command substantial popularity.—Ipsvoich Observer. . ~ Mr. John Cameron, auctioneer, Brisbane, will offer for sale at the Court- house, Daiby, on the 11th of April, several lots of land on the cele brated Jimbour Run, in the parishes of Oorangah, Bell, and Jimbour. There are 29 lots in all, and in areas from 640 acres up to 2976 acres. Upon several of the lots there are improvements. The total area ta be offered for sale comprises 29,891 acres. 