AN ALL-HALLOW, EVE ADVENTURE. In the long picture gallery of Elton Grange stood a fair young girl, gazing with flushed cheeks and dilated eyes at what her uncle, Sir George Elton, styled, "the gem of his collection. It was the portrait of the first baronet, Sir Rupeprt, a gallant Cavalier who had fought in the cause of his ill-fated master, Charles 1. Small wonder that Grace Churchill was fascinated by the knightly face; it was per fect in its dark, melancholy beauty. The long hair hung in silken curls over the shin ing armour, while the duooping moustaches bid but partially, conceal the disdainful curl of his lip. It seemed to Grace that those grave and lustrous eyes gazed straight into her own; and she said aloud, quite involuntarily: " What a grand face 1 Ah ! if I had only lived in those old days; there, are no such men now. That face makes every other seem so insignificant. Her own fair loveliness was in strange and picturesque contrast to the knight's dark face. Btnt this Grace Churchill did not know. The look of sadness on her young brow, and her deep mourning, would have told you she had just undergone a severe loss. And so it was. Both her parents had passed away within one short weelk, and Grace had been forced to ac cept the heartily-offered hospitality of her uncle. This was her first ramble through the quaint old mansion, and the dreary, im aginative girl .found its dark, winding galleries and corridors more consonant with her sorrows than the fashionable town-house she had just left. She started as some one touchied'her lightly on the shoulder, and, turning quickly, stood face to face with her uncle, a tall, soldierly eli samil "' Well, Gracie,"he said, cheerfully; 'look ing at Sir Rupert' .You might have found a nmerrer, face for your study, child. Poor fellow!" "He looks as if he had a history,"saidt the girl, looking back at the picture; " and a sad one. Was it not so?" "LSad enough, they say. ,I don't give muech credit to those old stories mnyself ; hiut everyone believes this one. II was about to marryi-thk laiy was vn.y. ineotiful-b zt ho Thald n rivolWýý ýnm` "obemwnowý..+.ýýe+..ý n._ ?lunt dea, stabbed to the heart by this jealous lover. Then Sir Rupert took to the wars, and fell at Naseby before he was twenty eight. My family, you know, is descendedl .from his younger brother. They do ay that his ghost stalks up and down this very galleryat twelve o'clock everynight. Is that, the dinner-gong !" Grace's heart bent wildly as she followed her uncle down the broad oaken staircase. The strange story had taken firm hold on her imagination. She pictured the steel-clad knight wandering silently through the long aisles of pictures, and resolved that, come what inight, she would watch there at mid night, until she saw the face and from which she fancied had taken such a hold upon her destiny. That night, steeling herself against a good deal of nervousness, it must be owned, Grace Churchill crept noiselessly and with a beating heart to the-head of the great staircase, and passed on until she came to the knight's pic tue, under which she stopped breathless. At that moinent the Grange clock struck twelve, and she made one step back. Not a sound, however, was to be heard but the long slow strokes; nota trace of the knight to lie seen except the pale pictured face above her head; aisd, diaplpointed, she crept away, say big to herself: '.He will come to-morrow." For two .or three nights, everything hap pened' the same:' Grace began to lose faith in the story, and to laugh faintly at her own ciedulity, except at midnight, for, as sure as the darkness came round, her hopes sprang up s gaici as strongly aseover, and the first strbke of twelve found her in the gallery. At length All-Hallow Eve camo round. Giracd 'halt ucciejted an invitation to spend the diiy vithla friend, and, being detained later than she had expected, did not arrive at home till eleven o'clock, when, as she knew, her old-fashioned uncle and aunt would long have retired. "Why should I not go to the gallery!" lsthought.. " Every ghost is bounid to walk to-night. ! .And taking a small lamp, she stole away. The moon was shining full on SirRupcrt's' face; but that Grace did not see. Whatshe saw was this :- . Leaning against the tall, oriel window, in the full glory of the winter moonlight, stood the exact counterpart of the picture, gazing out with.the samen melancholy yet disdainful c'4iressioi over tbhe broad woods of Elton. With a scream of terror she dropped her lam p, and fell fainting to the ground. '4heni Grace recovered consciousness she: 'first ews her i'ncel's kindly faiu '5aiiig at ber 'uvith a bewildered expression;' and, striving to sit up, founid, to her, uospeakable alarm, that the !'glost" was supporting her in his arms. . " "I think,you're better now," he said, in: the tone of an ordinary mortal.: ," I suppose: my being here frightened yon. Won't you introduce me, Sir George I"! This is my scape-grace cousin, Lord Riivensille, Gracie. He came unexpectedly while you were out," said her uncle. -"LWhat orinearth brought you here, both of youn ?" :".I'came to look for the ghost,'? said.tbhe young man, frankly. "What brought you here, Miss Churchill Y"' "I left a book here yesterday," Grace tammeredi , far too proud to allow that she. had come on the same errand. "I think I'll go now, uncle. Goodl night." She kissed the old man, and hold oiuts timid hand to the " ghost," wholooked after her retreating figure in great perplexity.' Six months afterwards, Lord Ravenedal, sitting at his wife's feet in the twilight,. said, suddenly "Bytlhe way, Gracie; you'inever told''iun what frightened Lou that nightii the ghost's galleryat Elton.' ' . "'1 don't like to tell yoe. 'Well, if you must know, I.used to go and wiatch for the ghost every night, and ynu lre so like that picture, I thought you were Sir'Rnpert.- Of course I was startled. Don't leueh etutim, Bertie, it was vcry snaterl." " What a little goose !" ie said, laughilse. Ho did not look disdainful sow, "iid the melancholy had passed from his face like a shadow. "'ll have the pictures copied to taniit you with. A ghost, indeed! Do I look like one v" Which he certainly did not. 'L. I. We are told of grass in Colorado that is so short you usust lather it befor you can mow. Hard times-The wife of a sexton helonging to one of the churches iin a very healthy locality was last week interrupted in the miid dhe of a hlanrague upon the lirdniss of the times by a person who desired to sell her a coiile of ducks. "Ducks!" exclaimed she. -" How cais I buy ducks, or any thing else ! Wi have not buried a living soul thee six months." 