Jjramir. MOSES REFUTED. The subjoined ludicrous production, irom the New York Times, is one of the beat bur lesques on the " scientific method" that bave come under our notice. The hit at geologists who construct elaborate theories on exceed- ingly frail suppositions might well be extended to some learned professors in other branches of science, who have reared wonder ful but unsubstantial fabrics of apparant fact solely from the " scientific (?) uses of their imaginations." " A new and violent blow has just been struck at the Mosaic accsunt of creation by the discovery of an extremely important fossil in a coffee sack at Baltimore- In the centre of this sack was found the sknll ot a monkey. There can be no doubt as to the facts. The coffee -was of the variety called Rio, and the skull was' perfectly preserved. Let us dwell for a little upon the meaning of this discovery as interpreted by the principles of geology. The coffee sack was twelve (say twelve and a half) inches in diameter, and four feet in height. The skull, which lay in the middle of it, was, therefore, two feat below the surface. To suppose that it was violently forced into the sack, after the latter was full, would be eminently unscientifio. No one imagines that the fossil birds of the Old .Red Sandstone dug down into that locality through the superincumbent strata. Nothing is mora universally conceded than that fossils are always found where they belong. The animals whose remains we find in the rocks of the paleozoic, the meio- Gothic, and the Syro-Phcunician strata, belong respectively to those several systems. The fossil monkey sknll was, therefore, deposited in' the coffee sack when the latter was half full, and the two feet of coffee which rested upon it was a subsequent deposit. Now, it follows from this premise that monkeys existed during the early part of the Rio coffee period. It is the opinion of most geologists that the Rio coffee period succeeded the tertiary period, and immediately preceded the present period. Now, no tertiary monkeys have yet basu found ; but the Baltimore discovery shows that monkeys existed as early as the middle of the Rio coffee period, a date far earlier than any which has hitherto been assigned to them. " We are now in a position to inquire what is the least period of time which must have elapsed since the skull of the Baltimore monkey was tbe property of a live and active ainiian. The answer to this question must be sought by ascertaining the rate at which coffee is de- posited. It is tne opinion oi jur. based upon a long and careful examination of over three hundred garbage boxes, that coffee i3 deposited in a ground condition at the rate of an inch in a thousand centuries, but the deposition of unground coffee is almost infinitely slower. He has placed bags, coffee- mills, and other receptacles in secluded places, and left them for months at a time, without finding the slightest traces of codes in them. Although Huxley does not hazard a guess at the rate of deposition of unground Rio coffee, Professor Tyndall does not hesitate to say that it is at least as slow as the rate of deposition of tomato cans. Let ua suppose« as we are abundautly justified in doing, 30,0o0,000 of years would be required to bring about the deposition of a stratum of tomato cans, oue foot thick, all over the surface ot the globe, an equally .long period must certainly have elapsed while a foot of coffee was accumulating over the skull of Baltimore monkey. We thus ascertain teas the monkey in question yielded up particular variety of ghosts and fossil fully -0,000,000 of years ago. Probably even this enormous period of time is much sw thau the actual period which has elapW since that monkey's decease ; and we consider ourselves safe in assigning skull the age of 50,000,000 years, besides lew odd months. . . . "In the light of this amazing ; rev«»»® » wh&i; becomes of Mosea and his ()000 J?® It will hardly escape notice that he nowhero mentions Rio coffee. Obviously, thisomissi is due to the fact that ha knew nothing « f But if he was unacquainted with one o , ... k.,. w« suppose most recent iormauoua, uun - ... that he knew anything about the elder — the me .amorphic and stereoscopic stra And vet it is this man. ignorant of the P110!® facts of geology, and of its very simplest straw' who boldly assumes to tell ua all about creation !"' 