A \- ®0bím Sl.c^íjbí0}ííjclcs. "TIio Tncloscrilmblo, lloro lt Is (IOHO ; Tho Woman-Soul leaclcth us Upward ami on I" -Second Pari of Faust. ' '_ VIII. HOME afc last, thank Heaven !" exclaimed Canaris, as the door opened, letting forth a Btre.un of light and warmth into tho ohilly gloom'of the October nlKht. Gladys made no answer but au upward look, whiak seemed to uttnr the tender wnlcome ho had forgotten to give; and, nestling her hind in his, let him lead her through Hie bright hull, up the wide Btairway tu her own domain. ? As we return a Iittlo before our time, "* -ive must not expect u jubilee. Look about you, love, und rest. I will «end Mrs. Bland presently, and tell HelwyM wu aro come." He hurried away, shoeing uo sign of the ennui which had fitfully betrayed itself during tho last week. Gladys watched him wist fully, thea turned to sou what home was like, . with eyes that luiyhteued beautifully a« they \ took in tho variad charms of tho luxurious \ apartments prepared for her. The miwly V kindled light filled tho room with' ti duaity ^ \splundour; for deepest crimson glowed eveiy 'where, tnakiug har feel IIB if she stood in the heart of a great rose whose -silken petals curtained her round with a colour, warmth, r and fragrance which would render sleep a "rapture of repose." Womanlike, she eDjoytcl every dainty device aud sumptuous detail ; yet the smile of pleasure wa« followed by a faint sigh, as if the new magnificence oppressed her, or something much desired had : been forgotten. Stepping carefully, Uko ono who had no right there; «he passed on to a oharming drawing-room, evidently intended for but turo occupants, and all t ho pleasanter to her for : » that suggestion. Pausing on the threshold of another door, sh» peeped in, expecting . to find one of those scented, satiu boudoirs, which are fitter for tho coquetries of . a Parisian belle, than for a young wife to hope, and dream, and pray in. But there was no splendour here; and, with a cry of glad surprise, its new owner tocik possession, wondering what gentío magic had guessed and gathered here the siuiulo treasures ehe best, loved. White everywhere, except tho pale green of the softly tinted walls, and tho mossy carpet Btrewn with mimic snowdrops. A Bheaf of lilies in a silver vase stood on tho lowohlm ney-plece above tho hearth, where a hospitable firs lay ready to kindle at a touch; and this was the only sign of luxury tho room dis played, Quaint furniture, with no ornament t-? 9xcupt its own grace or usefulness, .gave the placea homelike air; and chintz hangings, fresh and delicate aa green leaves scattered npon snow could make them, Beemed to shut out the world, securing the sweob privacy o happy woman loves. Gladys felt this instantly, and, lifting hoi . haud to draw the pretty draperies yet closer. ? discovered a new surprise, which touched hoi to the heart. Instead of looking out into th< _ . ? darkness of the autumn night, she found I . " . little woodland nook imprisoned between th« ' glass- door ¡ind the deep window beyond. A I veritable bit of tb,» forest, with slender term : nodding in their sleep, hardy vines olimbin| . up a lichened stump to show their searle ? berries, pine-needles pricking through th< \- ' : - moss, rough arbutus leaves hiding coyly til . spring should freshen their russet! edges noorna looking as if juBt dropped by 'som . busy squirrel, aud all manner of humbli ? weeds, growing here as happily as when the; carpeted the wood for any careleeB foot t i : tread upon. -, ' These dear familiar things were as gratetu ? . to Gladys as tho sight of .friendly faces; and i, throwing wide tho doors, she knelt down t ' breathe with childish eagerness tho dam; fresh odours that came out to meet ber. ? ;.',?':. ? . ' " How sweet bf him to make such a lovel nest for mo, and then slip . away before ;M i ? .- could thankhioi," thought tho teader-hearte .¡ .? v-- creature, with tears ia the eves that dwo] f"^. . , delightedly upon the tremulous mahlun-hai -. .-.. bending to her touch, and the sturdy grass« ..waking up in this new summer. If.- A sound of openiup dears dispelled ht ^ ?.>'?:. reverie; «ad with girlish trepidation ali r<.fv>- hastened to smooth the waves of her brlgt jk j'rru hair, assume tho one protty dress she woul ? - accept.from Olivia, and clasp tho bridal pear iiïfî^v.-. about her neck ; then hastened down beta ^*.>.^ the somewhat dreaded Mrs. Bland nppeare; ,'trV'ï.'".. It pleased ber. to go wandering alone tnroug ii fl-:.-. -the' great, bonse, warmed and lighted ever; .i'.whore ï for Helwyzo made tins Ins world, ni 'i'.*gathered about him evory luxury vvhioh tast í>i;:?.-..V'caprice» or nocusstty demandai A marve *'!>;V' lously beautiful and varied .home it seemi ®*S<-'to simple Gladys, ns BIIO passed from piotui W^-W'/ gallerymusloroom, eyed with artie jfcfe A wonder? the aubduud mugnificenoa of the sala ^."s,or paused onohanted in a conservatory who !?/?^}.orystnl trulls enclosed a fairyland, of bloc > and vo rurc. . . v - Hero and thorosho came upon como chart . tedstlo. whim or arrangeai, nt, which ma her smile with amusement, or sigh with pity, remembering tue recluse who tried to cheer his solitude by theee devices. One recess held a siegle picture glowing with the warm splendour of the East. A divan, a Persian mg, an amber- mouthed nargileh, and a Turkish coffee service, all gold and scarlet, completed the illusion. In another shadowy nook tinkled a little fountain guarded by one white-limbed nymph, who seemed to watch with placid interest the curious sea-creatures peopling th« basin below. The third showed a Btudy- chair, a shaded lamp, and certain favourite books, left open, as if to be taken up again when the mood returned. In one of these places' Gladys lingered with fresh compassion stirring at her heart, though it looked thc least inviting of them all. Behind the curtains of a window lookiüg out upon the broad street on which the mansion faced stood a single chair, and nothing more. " He shall not be so lonely now, if I can interest or amuse him," thought Gladys, as she looked at the worn spot ia the carpet, the crumpled cushion on the window-ledge; I mute witnesats that Helwyze felt draw towards his kia, and fouud some solace in watching the activity he could no longer Knowing that she Bliould find him in the library, where most of his time was spent, Bhe soon wended her way thither. The door stood hospitably open ; and, as she approached, she. saw the two men standing together, marked, as never before, the sharp contrast between them, and felt a glow of wifely pride iú the young husband whom she was learning to luve with all the ardour of a pure and tender soul. Canaris was talking eagerly, as he turned the leaves of a thin manuscript whioh lay between them. Helwyze listened, with his eyes fixed on the speaker so intently that it startled the new-comer, when, without a sound to warn him of her approach, he turned suddenly upon her with the smile whioh dazzled, without warming, those on whom it was shed. " I bave been chiding this capricious fellow for the haste which spoils the weloome I hoped to give you. But I pardon him, since be brings the sunshine with him," he said, going to meet her, with genuine pleasure in bis face. " I could not have a kinder welcome, sir. I was glad to come ; Felts feared you might be needing him." " So duty brought him back a week too soon ? A poet's honeymoon should be a long one; I regret to bo the cause of its abridg ment." Something in the satirical glimmer of his eye made Gladys glance at her hiiBband, who spoke out frankly " There were other reasons. Gladys hates a crowd, and so do I. Bad weather made it impossible to be romantio, so wo thought lit heat to come home and be comfortable. " I trust you will be ; but I have little to offer, since the attractions of half-a-dozen cities could not satisfy you." "Indeed, we should be most ungrateful it we were nob happy here," cried Gladys, eagerly. " Only let me be useful as well as happy, else I shall not deserve this lovely home you give us." " She is anxious to begin her ministrations, and I can recommend ber, for she is quick to learn one's ways, patient with one's whtmB, fruitful in charming devices for amusement, and the boat of comrades," said Canaris, drawing her to him with a look more grateful than fond. " Fr un that Bpeech, and other aigns, I infer thut Felix is about to leave ine to your tender mercies, and fall to work upon his new book ; since it seems he could not resist making poetry when he should have been making love. Are you not jealous of the rival who steals him from you, eveD before the honeymoon has set?" asked Helwyze, touching the little mauuscript before him. " Not if she makes him great, and I can make him happy," answered Gladys, with an air of perfect content aud trust. " I warn you, the Muse is a jealous mis tress, and will often rob you df him. Are you ready to give him up, and resign yourself to more prosaia companionship ?" " Why need I give him up? He says I do not disturb him when he writes. He allowed me to sit beside him while he made these lovely songs, and watch them grow. He even let me help with a word sometimes, and I copied the verses fairly, that he might seo how beautiful they were. Did I not, Felix?" Gladys spoke with such innocent pride, and looked up ia her husband's face ao gratefully, thut he could not but thank her with acareas, as he said, laughing "Ahl that was ouly play. I've had my holiday, and now I must work at a task in which no one eau help me. Corné and Bee the den where I shut myself up when the divine frenzy seizes me. Mr. Helwyze is gaoler, and only leta me out when I have, done my stint." ' Full of some pleasurable excitement, Cauaris led his wife across the room, threw open a door, and bade her look in. Like a curious child, she peeped, but Baw only a small, bare cabinet de travail. " No room, you see, eveu for a little thing like you. None dare enter here without my keeper's leave. Remember that, else you may fare like Bluebeard's Fatima." Canaris spoke gayly, and turned a key ia the door with a warning click, us he glanced over his shoulder at Helwyze. Gladys did not see the look,-but something in his words seemed to disturb her. " I do not like this place, it is close and dark. I thiok I shall not want to come, even if you are here ;" and, waiting for no reply, she stepped out from the chill of the unused room, as if glad to escape. " Mysterious intuition I she felt that we had a skeleton in here, though it is such a little one," whispered Canaris, with an un easy laugh. '* Such n sensitive plant will fare ill between us, I am afraid," answered Helwyze, as he'followed her, leaving the other to open drawers and settle papers, like one eager to begin his work. Gladys was standing in the full glare of the tire, as if ita ohoerful magic could exorcise all dark fancies. Helwyze eyed the white figure for an instant, feeling that his lonely heath stone had acquired a new. charm ; then joined her, 'saying quietly ?," This is the place where Felix and I have lived together for nearly two years. Do you " More than I can tell. It doeB not seem Btrnogo to met for he has often desoribed it ; and -when I thought of ooming here, I was more curious to sec this room than any other." " It will be all the pleasanter henceforth if Felix can spire you to mo sometimes. Como and seo the corner I have prepared, hoping to tempt you here'when he shuts us out. It unod to be his ; so you will like lt, I think." Helwyze paced slowly down tho long room, Gladys besjdo .him, saying, us she looked about her hungrily- . " So many books 1 and, doubtless, you have rend them all ?" "Not quite; but you may, if' you will. Soo,'hore ia your place ; ' come often, and bo Buro you never will disturb me." But one hpok lay on the little tablo, and ita whitu cover, silver lettered, shone ágalnBt the dark aloth BO invitingly that Gladys took it up,'glowing with pleasure as «ho read her own name upon ,the. volumo sha knew and laved io', well. . - Pl"For > me? you know that nothing- elie would bo so boautif ul and precious. Slr, why. aro you (io gonerous ?" , -, . : C \- / '-? .:. -, "It amuaea meto do these little thing's, and. you must: humour me, as Felix doeB. You shall pay for them in your own coin, so there need be no sense ot obligatiou. Rest satisfied I shall get the best of tbs bargain." Before she could reply, a servant appeared, announced dinner, and vanished as noiselessly as he came. " This has been a baohelor establishment BO long that we are grown oarelens. If you will pardon all deficiencies of costume, we will not delay installing Madame Canaris in the 'place she does us tho honour to fill. " Bat I am not the. mistress, »ir. , Piesse change nothing; my place at home was a very humble one; I am afraid I cannot'fill the new one as I ought," stammered Gladys, somewhat dismayed at the prospect which the new name and duty suggested. "You will have no care, except for us. Mrs. Bland keeps the maohinery running smoothly, and we lead a very quiet life. My territory ends at that door; all beyond is yours. I chiefly haunt this win?, but sometimes roam about below stairs a little, a very harmless ghost, so do not be alarmed if vou should meet me." Helwyze spoke lightly, and tapped at the door of the den as he passed. *' Come out, slave of the pen, and ba fed."-' Canaris eame, wearing a pre-occupied air, and sauntered after them, as Helwyze led the new mistress to her place, shy and rosy, but resolved to do honour to her husband at all costs. Her first act, however, gave them both a slight shock of surprise ; for the instant they were seated, Glady» laid her hands together, bent ber head, and whispered Graoe, as if obeying a natural impulse to ask Heaven's blessing on the first bread she broke in her new home. The effect of the devoutly simple act was characteristically shown by the three observers. The servant paused, with an uplifted cover in his hand, respectfully astonished; Canaris looked intensely annoyed; and Helwyze leaned back with the suggestion of a shrug, as he glanced critically from the dimpled bands to the nugget of gold that shone against the bended neck. The instant she looked up, the man whisked off the silver cover with an air of relief ; Canaris fell upon his bread like a hungry boy, and Helwyze tranquilly began to talk. ?. waa tue surprise jiellx prepared for you a satisfactory one ? Olivia and I took pleasure in obeying his directions." " It was lovely I I have not thanked him yet, but I shall. You, also, sir, in some better way than words, What made you think of it ?" she asked, looking at Canaris with a mute request for pardon of her involuntary offence Glad to rush into speech, Canaris gave at some length the history of hrs fancy to repro duce, as nearly as he could, the little room at home, which she had described to him with regretful minuteness ; for Bhe had sold every thing to pay the debts which were the sole legacy her father left her. While they talked, Helwyze, who ate little, was observing'both. Gladys looked more girlish than ever, ia spite of the mingled dignity and anxiety her quiet but timid air betrayed. Canaris seemed in high spirits, talking rapidly, laughing often, and glanoing about him as if glad to be again where nothing inharmonious disturbed his taste and comfort. Kot till desert was on the table, however, did he own, in words, the feeling of voluptuous satisfaction which was enhanced by the memory that he had been rash enough to risk the loss of all. " It ia not so very terrible, you see, Gladys. You eat and drink like a bird ; bub-1 know you enjoy this as much an I do, after those detestable hotels," ho said, detecting an expression of relief in his young wife's face, as the noiseless servant quitted the room for the last time. " Indeed I do. It is so pleasant to have all one's senses gratified at once, and the common duties of life made beautiful and easy," answered Gladys, surveying with feminine appreciation the well- appointed table which - had that air of accustomed elegance so grateful to fastidious tastes. " Ah, ha I this little ascetic of mine will becomo a Sybarite yet, and agree with me that enjoyment ia a duty," exclaimed Canaris, looking very like a young Bacchus, as he held up his wine to watch its rich colour, and inhale ita bouquet with zest. " The more delioate the senses, the more delicate the delight. I suspect Madame finds her grapes and water as delicious as you do your olives and old wine," said Helwyze, finding a still more refined satisfaction than either in the pretty contrast between the purple grapes and the white fingers that pulled them apart, the softly curling lips that, were tho rosier for their temperate draughts, and the unspoiled, simplicity of the girl sitting there in pearls and shimmering silk. " When one has kuown poverty, and the sad shifts whioh make rt seem mean, as well as hard, perhaps one does unduly value these things. I hope I shall not ; but I do find them very tempting," she said, thoughtfully syeing the new soene in which she found herself. . Helwyze Beemed to .be absently listening to the musical chime of silver against glass"; but he made a note of that hope, wondering if hardship had given her more of its austere rirtne than it had her husband. [ " How shall you resist temptation ?" he asked, curiously. } "Ï Bhall work. This_ is dangerously pleasant ; so let me begin'at once, and sing, while you take your coffee in the drawint room. I know the way ; come when you will, [ shall be ready ;" and Gladys rose with toe/ mergotio expression which often braire bhrough her native gentleness. ? CanarisJseld bhe door for her, and waa about to ceaume lia seat, when Helwyze checked him " We will follow at once. Waa I not right in.my prediction?" he asked, as they" left the room together.' " That we should soon Ure of each other ? You were wrong in that." -, ." I meant the ease with willoh you'would soon learn to love." "I have not learned yet." \- " Then this vivacity ia a cloak for the pangs of remorse, is it?" and Helwyze laughed incredulously. . "No; it is the satisfaction I already feel, in the atonement I moan to make. I have a grand idea. I, too, ßhall work, and give Gladys reason to bo proud of mo, if nothing more." Something of her own energy waB in' his mien, and it became him. But Helwyze quenched the noble ardour by saying, coldly, "I see; lt ia the old passion under a new name. Hay your virtuous aspirations be. blest 1" 