?'?:, €H&KMATB.; . «X .TfVaTJTHOB OF **HB HOUSS BX THK ..... . , ?'. CUUBQSXABD,' '.TPILIJHG TO'PSI»* ''''?'?'\ .tJHOIiS BILAB, ETC. . ! A ? .- i.J am so glad, Dick, you tiayejdiopped that . acquaintance!' eiid the yocag lady. ? ? ? a . . « Ion have come at laet to think-ftel do, said Siofaaifl. ?? ? '?' ? ' =?' ? It is nbt so mneb. thinking as something diff srentj the uncertainty about him— the appalling stories you have heard— and. oh! Kicnwd, I n.c sneh a dream last niehc 1 I dreamt that ilr. Long-. clneeaurdered you. You smile, but 1 couianot h»Te imagined anything that was not real, so vivid and it was in this room, and— I don't knowhtfw, for I forget the beginning of it— the c&ndles; went ont, and you wera standing near the door talking to me and bright moonlight -was fit the window, and showed you quite distinctly, and she open door ; and Mr. Loagcluse came from behind it with a nietsV&ndltriedto; 6cream, but I couldn't. But you turned about and stabbed at him with a ktiif e or something; it shone ie. the MO0B%bt, and in stantly there was a line of blood across his face ; he fired and I siw you fall back on the floor; I knew you were dead, and I awoke in terror. I thought I still ww his wicked faea in the dark, quite white aeit.wftsin my dream. I screamed, and though; I was going mad.' 'It is only, darling, lUatall t'i&t; heB happened has made you flrrvou , and no wonder. Don't mind your dre»ms. Lcn^cluse snd I will never exchange a word more. We uaye turned our hacks en one another, and our paths lie in very different directions.' This was a melancholy nnd grizzly evening at liar t take Hall. The undcrcnkp^ were making eome final and mysterious arrs.r-ge!£6iits abont tha coffin andetele in and out ot tha o-a*d baroue'/s room of wbich they had taken possession. \- Martha T&neey; was alone iu her room. It was a lurid eunset. Immense ranges of black cloud were piled in the west, and from a long opening in that sombre screen, near the horizon, the expiriog light glared like the red Are at night, through the clink of « smithy. Mrs, r&nsey;, dressed in deepest mourning, awaited the hour when she was to accompany the funeral of her old master. Without succumbing to the threat of Mesar;. Childeraand Bollard, David Ardea . tnd his nephew would have been glad to erada the risk of the fracas, which would no doubt have been a dismal scandal. Martha Tansey herself was not quite sure at what hour the funeral was to leave Mortlake. OppjBite the window from which she looked, Btand groups ef gigantic elms that darken that side of the bouse, and underwood forms a thick ecreet among their trunks. Upon the edges of this foliage glinted that fierce farewell gleam, and among the glimmer ing leaves behind she thought she saw the sinister face of Longcluee looking toward her. Her fesr and horror of kongcluse had increisei, aad i£ tae very remembrance of him visited her with a sud den qualm, you may be sure that the sight of him, on this melancholy evening, was a acock, Alice's wild dream which she had recounted to lier, did not serve to dissociate him from the vague mis giviogs that his Image called up. She stared aghast at the apparition—itself uocerutia— while in the deep shadow, with a foreground of fiercely flashing leaves, had on a sudtiea looked s,t her, and before she could utter ai exclamation i; was gone. ' I think it is my old eyes that plays me trick?, and my weary head that's wildered wi' all ibis dowly jummlepaect ! What tui bring htm there ? It was. never him I sid, only a fancy, and its past and gone; and so, in the name of Go-J, be it now, , and .ever, arueri 1 F -t an evil siglit i: i:, and boats us no good, Who's there ?' ..., vltfs me, Mrs. linsey,' said Grozlar. who had just come in. , ' .Master Richard desired me to tell . you it is to be at ten o'clock roaigfit. He ;ind II r. Dayid thinks that bJEt, atid your t5 plensa no: to mention it no one,' { ?Ten o'clock! Tiat's very late, aurt -.tr No, rarely, I'll aot bUb to no 0^.9; let him tell them when he sets fit. Marthi Xansey's na tbateort; she has had money a secret to keep, snd always the.cbnfilence o' the family, and 'twould le queer if she cid not know to ho'd her tongue by this time. Sit ye down, Air. Crczier— ye'te wore off ytr feet, man, like myself, .ev«r since this happened — ?ndwsta bit; the kettle's boilin', and jarntsk'a cup o' teai Ii'a hoars yet to ten o'clock,' So Mr, Crozier, who was in tru;h a tired man, complied, and took his seat by the fire, »u'i talked over Sir. Reginald's money matters, his fits, and his death; and Enally, he fell asleep in his ctiair, having taken three cups of tea. The twiliglt had melted into darkness by this time, and the clear, cold moonlight was frostiug all tee landscape, and falling white and brig at on the curiage-way outside, aad casting on the floor theeiarp shadowsof £he wiadow-snshes, .ind giving the brilliant representations or the window, and thevery veining;of the paass of glass op ju .he whiteboards, ' As Martha Gat by the table, with her eyes fixed, in a reverie, «n one of these rtil-c'ions upon the fljor, the shadow if a man was suddenly presented. upon it, and raising her eyes she saw a figure, bUck against the moonlight, beckoning gently to her to approach. Martha Tansey was an old lassoftlig Northum brian counties, and bad in he; veins the ri?ry blood of the Border, Toe mail wore a gre&.-wat, and she conld not dUeera his features ; nut be was tall and slight, aad £he was sure he was iir. Loagc use. But ' what dor' taned-use gay or co \tiat sne nesd feat? And was not Crazier dczinj therein his chair,? ready *t call?' Bp the got, and stalked boldly to the window, and,1 drawing near, she plainly saw, «s the etr&nger; drew himself up from the window-pane through whioffghe - had . fceen 'looking, snd the moan lightgUncad on his feitures, that the face whe ic dmdjtbatbf jAK'Ljngcluse, He' looked very pile, and'w,as.EiaUtng. BeAodded to her in ilriendly way oqce or twice as *he approached. She stood stcck-rsoll about two yards away, and though she knew, him well, she deigned no sign of recognition forshehadleunedvagaely .soaiethitp ot iieftud that had sprung up between aim and the young bead of ths family, and no daughter of the mWches wiaevers Uercarpirtiean than lean old MjrUa. He tapped at the winSow, still smiling, and beck oned her nearer. She did come a step nearer, and aEked sternly— ? What's your will wi' me?' ' I'm Mr. Longclaas,' he said, iu a low tone, but with eharp and 'measured articulation. 'I have tomethine important to say. Open tha window a. lit Je j 1 must not raiBe-my voice, and I h&ve; this to give you.' He held a note by the corner, and tapped it;ontheglas3. Martha lanaey thought for a moment. It could not be* lawrit oe had to serve ;£ rich mm like bits woati never do that. Wiiy should she not take htB^tiote, aod hear what he had to say f She removed the Volt, from the sash, »nd raised ;he windaw.^rherewasnota breath stirring. V'.''..^ «. CHAPTER LIT. _ r,,. .-,.„, . AMONG THB TBKBS. ^. Whai^che^ld.. womea had raised, the winaow, ' Taanks,'.8aid Mr. LongcluBe, almost in a whisper. raera*»people. Lady May Penrosetild me this niiwung-itiireateniug to interrupt tie funertl io L nl**iZi r*1*0**** you know— yon must know.' .* nave heard o' some such matter, but 'tij nout tonoonsheie; We don't cars a snap for them, and if tney try «ny such lids, by my esbj, we'll fit them.- And I think, sir, ifye've any thiug of conseauenceio: tell the famQy, ye'll not mini my i&Suy; twpnld be better ye sud eo, liko ither folK, to the hall-door, and lewe your message there ' mV.TPn,r reproof would be better de=orved. Mrs. Tansey.' he answers good- humoureiily' 'if there had not beea. a difficulty. Mr. Hichard ArJen is not on pleasant term] with me, aad niy ba=innBS will not afford to wsit. I understand that Mies Arden has suffered much anxiety. It U entirolv .^ti hut an *nn.afc ? »!.** X U^b. J_*__ ? .. ^ ^ ' much in it j and I don't »oe, Mrs. Tansey, why y.v and 1 should not be better frienls,' he adds, ex tending his long slender hand gently cower !s her. She does not take it, but makes a stiff little enrtsey instead, aad draws back about -ix inches. Perhaps Mr. Longcluse had meditatel making her a present,, bat her severe looks daunted him. and he thought that might as well be a little better acquainted before he made that venture. He went on — ? You have spoken very wisely, Mrs. Tin? ey ; I am sure if these people do as they threaten, it'will be contrary to law, and so, you say, you may SHap yourfingera at them at last. Bat is the me«ntime they may enter the house and s-ize the coffin, or possibly ciubb some disgraceful interruption on w» way. Lady Miry tells me that Miss Allcs h ,s suffered a great deal in consequence. Will you t-U nar to set her mind at eise ? Pray assura her th-st 1 have eeen the people, and that I have threatened them into submission, that I am conddent no such attempt will be m&de;, and that should the slightest annoyance tie aiteaipud. Crojrier has only to present tbe uoiice enclosed in thi% to the parson tffering it,aadit will instantly be discontinued. I have done all this entirely on her account, and pray lose no time in quieting her alarms; lamsureHra. Xnnsty, you and I shall be better friends eeme day.' ' '??:.? Mrs. Tansey curtseyed again. - * Pr*y t»k« this note.' Sue took it, * Give to Croziar, and pray tell Miss Alice Arden, immediately, that ;he need not have no fears. Gooc *ight.' . And pale Mr. Longcinse, with his smile aoi his dismaliy dark g&ze;, and the strange suggestion of ?omethiog undefined in look or toue, or air, that gradually overcame her more and msre till she almost felt taint, as he smilel and murmured at the cpen window, in the moonlight, was gone, l'ben the stood with the cote in her thin fiagers, without moving, aud called Crozier with a shrill and earnest tummons as one who had just a fughiful dream will cull up a sleeper in the sinisroom. Mr. IiODgcluid walkd boldiy and listlessly through this forbidden ground. Be does not care who may meet him. JNeir the house, indeed, he would not like an encounter with Sir Kichard Arden, because he knows that his being involved in a qaarrel a; bucj u moment, so near, «£pecialiy with ner brother, would not sibsirve bis interests anth Aiice Atden. For hours he strode or loitered alone through tbe eolt'.ary woodlands. Tee moonlight was beautiful ; the old trees stand mournful and black agaiatt tae luiLiaous sky ; there is for aim a fsBcinaiiou in the solitude, as his noiseless steps lead turn alteru&tely; into the black shadow cast on the swaid by ihe towering foiitge, and into the clear niooLligut, on aewy grass tuat shows grey iu tun cold brigataees. Bewa- in the excitement of hope anitu- penee. Things had looked very black, but a door had opened and light Citme out. Was it a dream ¥ He leans with folded arm9 «g-inet the trunk of one of the treed that s:and tnere, and from the slight elevation of the ground hi cia see the avenue under the bows of the trees that fUnk it. and the chimneys of Morduke llai through -.he sunimita of the -. penicg clumps. Huw melancholy and still the whuio CtJuo looke under that ligQt ! ' When 1 succeed to all this, wfio will be mistress of it?' he cays, with a strange cmile, looking toward tbe sumxit ol tbe chimneys, that indicate the feigbt of^the llall, 'So one knows who 1 uui ; and who cm tell my history ? What noout that opera girl? What uoout my money}' — money is always exaggerated. How ui&ny; numbugb ! now many collapses! elealisg into b ciety by ev.itiois un false prdtecces. in aisguise ! Toe a;-.u iu lie mask, ha ! hal Ueally, pemaps two masks; uot h had ilaie, that. Tbu viliuiu ! You would noi take tt taouantid puunts aud know me — taut is spe«kiag baldly, a tk usand pounds is still Sj^e iQiiig in you bjuk. V u would not ttiku it. 1'ne time will come, perhaps, when you'd give a thous and — tea thousand, it you bad them— that 1 were yourl'riend. tlnEawcus villain 1 To think of Dis tilkiLg so qt me. Ths mau in tue mask trying to excitu suspicion. My two niisks ttre broken end I all tbe better. Jiy— - ! you thall meet me yet witt out h mask. Alice! wiu you be my idolP Thrro is no neutrality wiin one like m 1 iu eucn a Case. If ldoa't woisiip, 1 niu^t brisk the image. What a speck wes;»ud on fe.ween vho illimitable — ihe eternal past aud tae ett rnol luture— always look ing tor a pre-eut ta*t EliiH be something tangible ; always liadioj; ii a mathematical point, 'erjui nulls eft pors'—tae mirre f taad-point of a retrus peciaud ^cor)j;Cturc. Hs ! mere ar«i he wheels; mere go;s ;ae iuncml 1' He holes bid bresth, and iralc'Jes. Howioterest icg is BTer-tbiug coaaecteJ with Alice F iSlawly it paEEes iilciig. l'brouph one opening mace by the hnrcc ot a stoini in the jine ottreea tnatform tbe iw^uu?, he b«b it plainly eaough. A very EC as ty pr.CtssioL— the plumed nearEe andtbree caniajtee, snanfew ptTcons walking beside. ltpasstB. The great iron gite shrinks ita long and dolorous note : ae it opened, and Longcluse heard it clang after Ihe last carriage had passed, and with tbis fsre well the old g«.te sent fortti the dead master of Mo;tlake. 'l'jiresvall to Mordbkf,' murmured Lougcluse, ashM heard these sauuds, with a shrug and his peculiar smile; 'farewell tbe ligtKe, the claret jug, the wbist, &nd; all tbe rest. You 'fear neither iuj'.ics6 nor bailiffs,' as the song says, any longer. Very e-rfy about your interest and ycur premiums ; verj ciriless who »rrestsyou in your leaoeu vesture; and having paid, if nothing else, at least your be loved bou'B ' post obit.' Courage, Sir Reginald ! your K.artiily, troubles are oytr. Here am 1, ertct as tnis ttee, and &9 like to live my term our, wiih ail that money, and lo will made, and yet as tired as uver you were, und very williog, if (he transac tion were feasible, o die, and ba bothered no more, instead of you.' He eijhii, and looks toward the h)ase, andeighs ftjain. 'Does the relent? Was it not she who told L&dy; May to aBk tiis eerviea of me P If I could only be sure of that, I should stand bere, this moment the proudest man in England. I thiuk 1 know myself — a very simple character; just two principles— lov-* and malice; for the rest, unscru pulous. Merecrudltygivesaj pleasure; veil for tone people it don't, Hevenge does make me happy ; wuil for some people if it didn't. Except lor lajoe I love and those I h*te, I live for none. Tne rest live for me. . I owe them no mora ihan 1 go this rotten stick. Let them rot and lalteu mv land ; let their burn and bake my bread.' With the te words he kicked the fragments of a decayed branch that lay at hiB foot', and glided over the thort grtss, like a ghost towards the ga'.e. CH.VPTKB LV. MB. L0NGC1.USB EEBS A PEIKND. Sir Rt-gioald ^rden, then, is actually dead and buried, aud is quite done with the pomps and vaniiies or the business and miseries of life — detd as Kictr Dancan. and cannot come out of his grave to trouble any one -cuh protest or inter iefBr.ca ; i.ua bis tun, Sir Richara, is in possession of ih« title, ucti teizol of the acres, and use1) them, without caring to trouble himself witb conjectures astjivhathis fattier would have likea or »L horttd. ^ i. week his passed since the funeral. Lady May ha.a spent two dijB at Mortlake, and then gone down to Brighton. Alica does not leava Mortlake, her spirits do not rise. Kind La ly May has done her oest to persu»a« her to coma down with her to Bngntou, but the psrversity or the indolence of grief had prevailed, and Alice has grown more inelaccuoly and self-upbraiding abou;ber quarrel with her i »ther, aad will not be persuaded to leave Mortlske. tbe very worst place she could have caos-ij, as Lady May protests, for a. residence cur ing her mournings P«rtiap8 in a little while the may feel equal to the tffort but now she can'r. She has quite lost her energy, and the idt*n of a plac9 like Brighton, or even the chance of mee:ing people, is odious to ber. ?Si my dear, do what 1 may, there she wiil re main, in that iriste plsce.' says Lady May Penrof e ; ' and her brother. Sir Richard, his to muci business j just now en hie bands, that be is often away two or three days at a time, and then the etaj e mepin - there quite a'one; and only that ahe liksgirueu icg and iijwers, and that kind of thing, I really think 6hi- would go mulanchnly maa. B't yyu know that kind ot foliy can't go onalwajs, and 1 | have cetrrmiced to take her aw ay in a rcomb cr 10. ' Pe -pie if. tirs: are 80 morbid, acd makercclujts ut ! thetneeiv's' Udy Msy ttayed nway »t Brighton for about a week. On her retura, Mr. Longcluee called to see her. * It wis so kind of you, Mr. Longcluse, to t*k-* all the trouble you -ici :ib.^ut that tern isle bu-.inei-.- ! and it wis psrfe;: Jy tncc- isiul. Tfcere was do: the sligfaceet nuplea^antness.' * Yes, 1 kuew I had made anything of that kisd all but impossible, but yon n.re not to than* mo. It made me only too h»ppy to have nn opp;rtuti:y of being of any ns- — of reliaviog my anxiety.' Lsnect as» sighed. * You haveplsced m«, I know, under great obli Rat'on.Bnd if every occ felt it aB I do, jou would have been thanked as you deterve before now,' A little silence followed. ?How js Miss AMen?' asked he in a low tone, and hardly raising his eyes. 'Pretty well,' fche nisirered, a little dryly. 'Jibe's not very wise. I think, in pl&cnisg; to *tut I betMsif up si eutirely in that melancholy plice, ' UortUke. You have senn it ?' I ' Yes, more th*n once,' ho answered. Lsdy Msy appenrdd more embarrassed »s Mr. ' Lon^ cicss grew Kss so. They became si lent again, j Mr. LoupreJuse wbb the first »o speak, which bs -iid a little hesiiatin^ly. , ! It is s bad year for fruit. We b**e observed several buochet of Etraw with not a berry en them. 1 