THE LAST OF LIMMER'S. A few days ago one of the most celebrated hostelries that London has ever known shut its hospitable doors for the last time for guests and callers. The name of Limmer's Hotel, as being the foremost sporting tavern of its class in the world, has, for at least two generations, been " familiar in men's mouths as household words," and co-extensive in celebrity with such other truly British institutions as " Weatherby's " and " Tattersall's."' Thirty years ago, it would have seemed more probable to the habitue's of Limmer's that its neighbor, the fashionable temple of Hymen at St. George's, Hanover-square, would pass away, than that the dark, low-browed coffee - rrom in which they had passed so many merry hours would ever cease to welcome its roystering votaries. "To abstract the mind," says Dr. Johnson, in a famous passage of his " Journey to the Western Isles of Scotland," " from all local emotion would be impossible if it were endeavored, and would be foolish if it were possible. Far from me and from my friends be such frigid philosophy as may conduct us indifferent or unmoved over any ground which has been dignified by wisdom, bravery, or virtue. That man is little to be envied whose patriotism would not gain force upon the plain of Marathon, or whose piety would not grow warmer among the ruins of Iona." Scanty, perhaps, may be the wisdom and intermittent the virtue associated with the recollection of Limmer's, but of bravery at least its frequenters have never been devoid. Crop after crop of gallant and light- hearted youngsters has arisen, has run its course, and fallen before the inexorable scythe of the bookmaker, leaving no other record of its existence, and no other epitaph than the inscription of its not always settled tavern accounts upon the faithful and suggestive register at Limmer's. It is claimed by the author of " Guy Livingstone " on bebalf of our English aristocrats that they take their punishment better than any other race upon earth, and come up smiling when secret care is all the time gnawing the very cockles of their hearts. What punishment have not the supporters of Limmer's endured since the Prince Regent and Sheridan and Beau Brummel cracked their first bottle under its roof, when the century was in its babyhood ! Poor Berkeley Craven dined there on the night preceding Bay Middleton's victory in the Derby of 1836, aud his anguish moribund cry of "Jersey wins J still i'ing6 ominously in our ears as we catch it up from the page of Raikc's tell- tale diary. What duels have not the men who once sat at those little brown tables participated in, either as principals or seconds! To abstract our minds from such local emotions as the old coffee-room at Limmer's awakens would become that " curious knave " upon whom Wordsworth pours tho full vials of Ills scorn, as being " one that would peep and botanise upon his mother's grave." Happily, however, the prevailing thoughts which the rich memories of the dying tavern suggest are to cheerful minds more redolent of mirth, gaiety, youth, hope, and of manliness than of sorrow, disappointment, dejection, old age, and gloom. " A pestilcnce on hiin for a mad rogue!" exclaims the Gravedigger, witii.Yorick's skull in his haud, to Hamlet;" a' ooureda flagon of Rhenish on my head once." When Limmer's was at its zenith, from 1830 to I860, what a troop of "inad rogues" thronged its passages, were " bitten "—as the old phrase mil—" by the barnmouse " at its bar and in its coffee-room, and made it their favorite camping-grouud as week followed week and left them still in town. In that little mirror-panelled recess at the bottom of the coffee-room the preliminaries of more prizefights have been arranged by Sir St. Vincent Cotton, Parson Ambrose, the late Lord Qucensberrv, the famous Marquis of Waterlord, the two Jack Myttons, the late Lord Longfoixl, and Tom Cromtuelin thau in the upper chamber of Mr. Dowling, editor of Bell's Life, or at Owen Swift's bar, or in Tom Spring's back parlor, or Ben Caunt's snuggery. Let it not be imagined that any apology is needed or will be here vouchsafed in defence of those to whom, whatever may have been their station in life, the prize-ring was formerly dear. The once well-kuown and wellliked Tom Crommelin, for instance, is the only survivor among those whom we chance to have named, but in his far-distant Australiau home be will have no cause to remember with regret that he has often taken part in the promotion of pugilistic encounters. During the present century Great Britain has produced no more manly, no bonester, no more thoroughly English statesman than the uncle of the present Earl Spencer, better known in political history under the name of Lord Althorp. The late Sir Denis Le Marchant, in his delightful memoir of the nobleman who led the House of Commons when the great Reform Bill was passed, tells us that " Lord Althorp made a real study of boxing, taking lessons from the best instructors, while practising most assiduously, and, as he boasted, with great success. He had many matches with his school-fellow, Lord Byron, and those who witnessed his exploits with the gloves, and observed his cool, steady eye, his broad chest and muscular limbs, and, above all, felt his hard blows, would have been justified in saying that he was born to be a prize- fighter rather than a Minister of State." Long after the retirement of Lord Althoip from office Sir. Evelyn Denison, who died as Lord Ossiugton, paid him a visit at Wiseton. " The pros and com of boxing were discussed,"' writes the late Speaker, " and Lord Althorp became eloquent. He said that his conviction of the advantages of pugilism was strong that he had been seriously considering whether it was not a duty that he owed to the public to go and attend every prize-fight which took place, and thus to encourage the noble science to the extent of his power. He gave us an account of prize-fights which he had attended —how he had seen Mendoza knocked down for the first five or six rounds by Humphreys, and seeming almost beaten until the Jews got their money on, when, a hint being given, he began iu earnest and soon turned the tables. He described tiie fight between Gully and the Chicken—how he rode down to Brickhill himself, and was loitering about the inn door, when a barouche and four drove up with Lord Bvron and a party, and Jackson the trainer—how they all dined together, and how pleasant it had been. Next day came the fight, aud he described the meu stripping, the intense excitement, the sparring, then the first round, and the attitude of the men—it was really worthy of Homer." A pursuit which was enthusiastically supported and believed in by William Windham, Cliailes James Fox. Lord Althorp, and Lord Byron, stands in little need of modern excuses on behalf of its u'omoters when Li miner's was at its apogee, i•nil many a well-known pugilist, with Michael- Angelo nose and square-cut jaw, has stood, cap in hand, at the door of that historical coffee-room within which Lord Queensberrv—then Lord Drumlanrig—and Captain William Peel and the late Lord Strathmore were taking their meals. Whether it was breakfast, luncheon, or dinner that they were eating, there was no clock and no inconvenient human monitor to tell. Major Whyte Melville remarks, in one of his admirable novels, that the veiy atmosphere of Limmer's was well adopted to the habits of its frequenters. Iu those dark passages, small windowed bedrooms and gloomy private dining-rooms, it was, as in the land of the Lotos-eaters, " always afternoon." The gas burnt by day and night alike, and the genuine habitue of the famous tavern came home to bed when his day was over and his humor prompted him. It mattered like to Charles or Sam, the waiters, whether it was seven at night or seven in the morning when breakfast was deminded, and side by side with men who had just breakfasted and were starting out upon their day's pleasure or business sat others in evening dress who were dining before repairing to the opera. It is but a few years since poorCharley Wernyss, during a loug sojourn at Limmer's, remarked that he had never found life in London more cheap, seeing that he never had occasion to 'wear anything but, evening clothes. In that capacious coffee-room, which, small though its area was, found space enough for the several coteries which met there to discuss the next prize-fight, or to arrange a trial for the Two Thousand Guineas, or to discuss whether some steeplechase crack should riui at Newport Pagnell, or be kept for the Grand National at Liverpool, there has been more " Life in London" enacted than Pierce Egan ever recapitulated, or his <( Tom and Jerry " ever saw. In one window stood Colonel Ouseley Higgms, Captain William Peel, and Captain Little, del ing, head to head, how the ways and means were to be found in order that Pioneer might be sent to run for the Worcester Steeplechase. At the table farthest from the Conduit-street windows was seated Jack Mytton, with ample shirt-sleeves rolled back over the cuffs of his evening coat, and with a snowy expanse of shirt bosom npoti which mice have run races. A. servant, with an uuinistakeable fighting face, steals softly into tho room with a note for bis master, Major Hope Johnstoue, who is immediately solicited by Lord Longford and Sir Vincent Cotton to allow his valet to lie trained by Johnny Walker for a proximate prizefight. The servant—who is none other thau William Nelson, the breeder (before his recent death) of Plebeian, the winner or the Middle Park Plate—firmly declines the pugilistic honors which his aristocratic patrons are anxious to heap upon liim. At the remote end of the room, close to Conduit-street, sits Johnny O'Brien, fresh from his triumphs with Jonathan Wild iu the Goodwood Stakes and Griiuston in the Goodivood Cup, aud with more velvet displayed upon the lapjiels of his evening coat than he owns inches of ground in his native Ireland. As night falls there is a motley gathering of sporting men " to sec what is going on at LimmevV' Among theui comes Mr. Grcville, with his blue evening coat aud brass buttons, and with the knob of his stick held habitually up to his lips. He asks for a modest 1000 to 20 about Alarm for the Cambridgeshire, while Tom Croutmeliu is eagerly booking thousands to thirty at the other end of the room. In "fatty Sutherland's" ample arm-chair sits Mr. Drinkald enthroned, neverforgettingthatalthough now Momine tanhe, he was once an Eton bov, and reminding those who have patience to listen to the impecunious, that " Drinky had a capital lather, aud has still a capital uncle." The impetuous "long Captain," once known by the patronymic of Higgins but dying with that of Brabazon, is there, in his never-doffed long frockcoat, aud with au elastic 1000 still left to lay against some horse, in connection with whom he descries, or in his easily-roused suspicion fancies that he descries, a faint scent of carriou. Lord Winchilsea had just finished at the table adjoining the column farthest from the fireplace, and proclaims his anxiety to lay which scares away even the unsophisticated young backer who had found his way into that dangerous compauy from his alma mater on the Isis or the Cam. Even the stately Lord George may occasionally be seen, as he retires into a corner with his favorite commissioner, Harry Hill, before walking down the passage arm-in- arm with his handsome young friend, Frank Villiers. Fi-etl Slageuis is iu earnest conversation with Rudston Read, who, fresh from York and Malton, has not a little to tell about the merits of Scott's lot. Inters|}ersed among the sericd groups stand Dollar (Scott) with his fashionable foreign manner, aud Jerry Ives with his restless eye darting hither and thither, and reading the very thoughts masked b»liind illconcealing countenances. Lord Chesterfield and Colonel Forester coine iu fresh from a trial at Brctby, which may possibly add a Mrs. Taft or a Bathilde to the scroll of Cesarewitch or Cambridgeshire winners. Lord Derby and Colonel Anson are auxiousty watching the manoeuvres of the commissioner to whom they have entrusted the manipulation of Scott's Derby favorite, against whom Sir Joseph Hawlev has since taken a shot by laying 5000 to 200. There is not a reporter to the room, and if a non-spoitiug stranger looks in, he is promptly charged half-a-crown by the discriminating waiters for his glass of B. and S. Seated upon a table, with his legs dangling, the late Lorn Caledon, universally greeted by his friends as " Pikey," might be seen at all hours of the day with droll Irish face and merry eyes twinkling as Mucker Gordon regales him with the last hunting riddle from Chipping Norton. It has long been a theory with modern denizens of Limmer's that the luck of the house departed when the old bare and sanded floor was replaced by a Brussels carpet. The truth is that when Limmer's was started and called itself the Princc Regent's Tavern, the famous coll'ce-rooui was carpeted after the fashion which it wears thin morning. But in au evil hour it suggested itself to the rollicking humor of the mad Lord Waterford that the room was too hot, uml in an instant the blazing coals were raked by him out of the grate and scattered over the room. With a forcible ejaculation, the theu proprietor, Charles Reuaud, declared that no fresh carpel should be laid down, and the younger generation of visitors thought that the bare boards with their daily coat of yell ow sand, had been characteristic of the house from the hour of its birth. There are few now living to remember the first midmost famous of Limmer's waiters, whose name is perpetuated on both sides of the Atlantic by a still favorite drink, iu which gin, sodawater, ice, lemon aud sugar, are the constituent elements. " My uauie is John Collins "—sang the gay youths of a bygone age—" head waiter at Limmer's, Corner of Conduit-street., Hanover- square ; niv chief occupation is filling of brimmers, for all the young gentlemen frequenters there." It was to his vigilant and characteristic prudence that some of his young clients, upon whom certain importunate and inconvenient visitors, with a scent of writs aud of Bream's-buildings hanging about them, were wont to call, owed the possession of " a loophole of retreatj" which enabled them to along certain dark and mysterious passages there was a road, devised by philanthropy and engineering skill, which led into Bond-street and was never divulged to process-servers and other myrmidons of the law. It was not unknown to poor Jack Mytton, with whom many of the most racy stories suggested by the hutoire wMtie ot the world-famous tavern will long be associated. There stands the table upon which he mounted, seemingly "three sheets in the wind, m order to lay against the winner' of the Two Thousand, Sir Tatton Sykes, for the Derby. When his credit wu exhausted and the backers iiftd accepted Ins offers to AS large an extent as they thought it possible he could MY, be ran upstairs to liia bedroom and returned with several tbouaand.pound notes in his hand, which he proceeded toky on what he called ready-money principles. was not quite as drunk as they thought, was his explanation to a friend who questioned him about his proceedings on the eve of thernce. The ghosts of Jack Mytton, pire d fils, might well haunt those vacant rooinB when rwH turn pirn rings along the silent and metuorvthronged passages. The huge and ponderous frrnne of Captain Sutherland, of the 12th Lancew, is recalled by the armchair which was specially bnllt for Jum, and in which he boasted that he was twenty-seven years old and weighed twentyseven stone. Vast as the powers of horseflesh are known to be, it says something for equine bone, smew, and muscle that" Fattv Sutherland " would find a horse to carry him when he rode escort to Her Majesty. If the treasures of Limmcrs ate offered for competition under the auctioneer's hammer, there will be HO lack of bidders for " Fatty Sutherland's" arin-ehair. It was a favorite saying of Thackeray that when he shook hands with the elder Miss Berry he felt that he was holding on to Horace Walpolc, to his father, the great Sir Robert, and to the Augustan age of good Queen Anne. The tavern wbii-h, as a guest-house, has probably ran its earthly course, and of which, before many moons have rolled away, there will be nothing but memories left, occupies a space in the Westend life of ljojidon which no other building in the metropolis can so adequately fill. Its three Prince of Wales' feathers, with their concomitant " *«h l)ien," link us with the voluptuous days of the Prince Regent, with the new creation of Regent-street by his favorite architect Nash, and with the birth of the Hanover-square Rooms as a fashionable resort Limmer's was to our fathers and grandfathers what the Turf Club, the Road Club, Pratt's, the Victoria, and the Albert are to sporting men of to-day. It has often been remarked that the Turf is the greatest of democratism's, but in the London life of its modem adherents and supporters there is no such commingling of classes as went on month after month, and year after year, when Limmer's was in its glory. The Bill Scott and Tommy Lye of to-day frequent taverns of tbeir own, or, thanks to railroads, have little need to pass more than an occasional night in the metropolis. The refined tastes of our existing jemme dore'e would make nightly intercourse with bookmakers, fighting-men, and jockeys more repulsive than wine is to a rigid Mohammedan. But, in conclusion, the disappearance ot Luuuier's will be fraught with painful and disquieting thoughts to many who, as Mrs. Somerville, herself the daughter of an admiral, beautifully expresses it, " have long been flying the Blue Peter." For those whose life has little save retrospect to cheer and amuse it, and whose ploughs draw nearer and nearer to the end of the furrow, there will be something of solemnity in the reflection that the last West-end tavern in London—as taverns were understood by our fathers—is passing away. It will be the general wish of patriotic Englishmen that, as regards manliness and toughness of fibre, mental and physical, those to whom Limmer's will be nothing but a memory, may not be in ferior to the stalwart generations in whose metro politan life the ancient hostelry played so large and prominent a part.— Daily Telegraph 