SOUTH AUSTRALIA AT THE PHILADELPHIA EXHIBITION. Several interesting letters lately received by Mr. C. J. Coates, from Mr. S. Davenport, J.P., the South Australian Commissioner at Phila- <*> delphia, have been kindly placed at our dis- posal, and we make the following extracts from Weevil in Wheat.—Professor Archer recom mended steeping the wheat ia kerosine for two minutes and then drying it, but no kerosine is allowed on the grounds, and it is not easy, ex cept at much cost, to work oS the grounds. Professor Baird, of the Smithsonian, recom mended Persian insect powder, and I am using that as well as the camphor. Mr. Landreft, Chairman of their Agricultural Board, and a large seedgrower, said—" We kill weevil in our peas by camphor, a handful to the bushel, in an hermetically^sealedcase." ProfessorLeCoati said —"The insect is the Calandi-a Oraca widely diffofied. _In my eiperience in destroying insects in Museum collections I have found a mixture of benzoine with a pint of carbolic acid produce a vapor which destroys insects in a very short tune. I would pour this mixture on a sponge, and place that with the grain in a light tin case, and. in half an hour it will have destroyed the beetle, but not tlteir ova, bo when these are hatched, yon mo t repeat the doEe." Well, I havethis process in reserve in case of need, and I record the opinion here ex pressed, as it may interest you, or lead to some better plan being made known. Copt to Me.<3oshornof " South Austraua, its Histobt a>*o Besoubces."—Since I last wrote yon, I have compiled a catalogue for the British Commission report, to be laid before Parliament, with a few comments on the colony preceding. Also, I have given a statement to Mr. Goshorn (Director-General), at his request, for information which he may embody in a general view of the Centennial Exhibition, proposed to be published from his office. In acknowledgment, he says, "I return you my thanks for the very valuable document which you have furnished me for the permanent statistics of the Exhibition, and I take pleasure in advising you of the great pleasure and valu able information I have received in reading ihe work on South Australia which your Commis sion has so kindly turnished me." In conver sation lately with Mr. Goshorn, he said, " Few tilings about the Centennial Exhibition have afforded ns so much satisfaction as ihe hand some way in which the Australian Colonies have taken part in it." This may be a colored view of the matter—a generous expression of opinion made on the spur of the moment—but, as I have before said, there is ao question bat that the general display of material wealth, and illustration of settled civilised life, both of kind and extent, have drawn from American minds and hearts feel ings of admiration and surprise. We have opened out to them the existence of a new world of their own Anglo-Saxon race, in which world they see the natural resources for great wealth. ;. Stdnbt Exhibition, 1877.—1 enclose you a handbill re Sydney Exhibition, April, 1877. to which some Americans and Canadians and some of their manufactures will go. Whether some may be induced to go farther than Sydney remains to be seen. I advise all I meet to see the customers they desire by going to them; and that once at Sydney, the advance to Mel bourne and Adelaide is a small matter. But I wait to know as far as I can what will be the nature of the goods sent thus to Australia ere I decide what to buy for Adelaide. Naebow &4TOJE Enginzs, &c.;—To-day (Octo ber 2) I post direct to Mr. Mais plans of narrow gauge engines, carriages, he, and I hope to gather other informaion on construction and working promised me. Sydney is likely to purchase railway rolling stock, and Mr. B. W. Cameron writes me he has instructions to send 1,000 emigrants to Sydney—the Government nominating him as Emigration Agent. He ex pects to get them there .at a cost of £10 per head. Books, &c.;—By the Hebe, to sail from New York in a few days, for Adelaide, I send a little watererasa tmall present from myself to the Botanic Gardens, as I think it will please Dr. Schomburgk, though a small thing. It's co3t you will see, and the inventor's address, if any of your friends admire it and wish to import. The Hebe is freighted by R. W, Cameron & Co., New York. I also ship by her s box of publica tions, collected for the Commissioners, except that they include, as the list will indicate, some publications for the Hon. the Chief Secretary, referring to the municipal organiza tion of large cities. These the Chief Secretary asked for by previous maiL I have further subscribed for one year, and ordered to be posted to you the following apparently useful publications:—The Santa Barbara Weekly Press, the Albany (New York State) Country Gentlemm,tAie Resources of California (monthly, samples of which are in the Hebe case), and the Chicago Prairie Farmer. These are all, I think, worth a trial, as keeping us au fait on American agriculture, and publishing much in formation of a useful nature in Adelaide. Deied Meats.—To-day I tasted some mutton and beef which on the 9th of August hist were dried by evaporation in one of the drying fruit and vegetable machines. I propose buying you specimens of both these meats. Some which I have kept ia double canvas bags all the time were in excellent order. Their drying took seven hours. Sainfaix Statistics.—Mr. Senphom, Engi neer C-P-E. Bailway of California, promised me to send to Mr. Todd, whom I thought they would interest, statistical reports on the rain fall of the Oentral Pacific Bailway Line. Cattxb Show.—The Cattle Show has been on here. It was relatively much better than the horse show. The classes were Dorhsms, Hereford's, Devons, Alderneys, Galloways, and some Dutch. The Canada Dorhams and UJ3. Alderneys I thought far the .best. The Herefords were mostly small, and so were the Devons. On the whole, the Durhams, though well pointed and square well framed animals, were mostly too large boned to please me. I send you a catalogue in book box, at the end yoa will see the scale of points for judges. They take also the live weights of fat beasts. Thethree heaviest bullocks were Durhams, and weighed respectively 2,862 lbs. (7-year-old), 2,910 lbs. (6-year-old), and 3,114 lbs. (7-year-old). One fat Galloway cow weighedl,9oolbs. The Sheep show being on the 10th last., X hope then to see some of the New England Merino, which claim to have pnre Spanish blood of the old regime. Akntvebsaby PKNirssxvANiANCoN?Tinrnoir. —On the 28th October great efforts were made to swell the attendance at the Centennial Exhi bition. It was declared a public holiday, and there were fireworks on the grounds in the even ing ; 257,000 persons attended. By the Brindisi mail I hope to announce the complete award list. Faurr.—A great show of fruit here, but South Australia need not blush for hers. The Awards.—ln a letter dated October 13 Mr. Davenport writes — "The award list is> not yet completed. . . It is acknowledged that some oversights have occurred with the jurors, and a Committee for investigating these has been constituted." I have written to the Director in detail on such as I feel sure have happened in our case, and he replied—"l have referred your communication to the Committee of Appeals." As it is, our awards number forty. I hope we shall muster ten others, so our pro portion to Exhibition should stand out credit ably. Bagot's Extract of Meat.—His Excellency the Councillor of State for Bu6sia,Bedsky, sends a 12 lb. case of Bagofs extract to St. Peters burgh. I have given him full particulars, and explained that an unlimited supply from the best of meat can be procured. Sheep Show.—At the Sheep Show are splen did Spanish merinos, WngHJi cotswolds, South and Oxford Downs, Lincoln and Leicmters. I think we shall get some merinos to Sydney by April, and thence to Adelaide. Many impor tant ir*"*?* will also go there, where our people may see them, or as I hope, reoeire them for subseQUent . AircumfF tfoftflA is a dam dredger, of great service, aa I shall yet write you. Mr. West-Erskrae left for England yesterday ; Sir Redmond Barry last week. Street Cabs.—On October 31, Mr. Daven port again writes— Be Street Caw.—l post to Mr. B. W. Wright the beat publication," Gil more [on Street Boads and Pavements." In letters enclosed to-day to the Commissioner of Public "Works Mr. Wright will see that street tails are not necess&rilv; bedded up with paving stones, bnt macadam will do. Closing of the Exhibition. —As the dosing day of the Exhibition approaches we are crowded with interruptions, bat each day's work tells something. Our desire to secure machinery or models inpropria persona is work ing ont nicely. All praise is due to the efforts of the Sydney Commission to let crop oat the fact that their Exhibition will be held in April next. Canada and New York shipments will embrace useful tilings. J will send yon lists, if they are procurable by-and-bye, bat of these the following are promised, as I personally know: — The millionaire car axle (an alleged important invention, Eamsay's car-track shifting appa ratus, model of clam dredge used about these harbor excavations, the Wharlin patent safely key switch, gas burner for heating locomotive tires, mowers and reapers, threshers, grain and maize crushers, a Balwin locomotive railway car, &c.; Watching the list thus possibly to come under the eye of Australians in their own country (and perhaps Adelaide may arrange with Sydney for their exhibition at Adelaide after the Sydney Show), and waiting to have the opinion of jurors on machinery, I have delayed buying what our spare funds may permit till these last days. Of things already selected for Adelaide I name the following (decision on others is pending farther enquiry):—Of fruit-drying machines two kinds, Ist Pacific, 2nd portable; of stomp extractors three kind, Ist pioneer, 2nd Daviefe, 3rd little Grant; of hay presses, Allen's hand-power; of horserakes two kinds, Canadian and American; a hay loader (very useful, I hope); of ploughs three kinds; of potato diggers two kinds; of sowers two kinds, hand and cart; ef cultivators, one on Garry-plough principle; a winnower, Dickey's; a honey extractor; a horse-power machine, applicable to wood catting, chaffcutting, &c.; post-bole diggers, two dozen ; a cider mass, for farmers aad small gardeners; and sundry smaller things,of which more by- and-by. I shall select other things era the closing day, and all our selections will, I think, leave New York on the Ist of December for Melbourne. I shall get a collection of seeds and some useful garden tools. Re Bagot's Ex tract, several large chemists have inspected it, who all speak well of it, and say the South American Liebigs have got the hold of this market, and even after much advertising they doubt if room would be found for others. I recounted our 40 awards. No final list is yet oat; we are sure to have more. Some of the cask wine at New York is sold. I wrote to London, but find the market there is not en couraging. I believe everything goes well, and Australia will get the benefit of this exhibition. The following is the latest letter received from Mr. Davenport:— United States Hotel, November 27,1876, Dear Mr. Coates—Your letter of the Uth October, with the drafts of farther letter which the ghost of a telegraph from New Zealand had arrested towards completion, reached me on the 23rd, and I thank you for them. My last to you was dated October 31. Since then X have posted to yon newspapers recording the closing of the Exhibition. At that Vlate I thought I scarcely should be in Philadelphia, having cal culated that ten days would see all wound op. Actually, however, the 17th day doss not find all done, nor will this be the last letter I shall write you before leaving America. In this delay lam not'alone. Mr. Mackay, of Queensland, is the first and only one off, bat as he had sold nothing, and had but to ship bis exhibits back to London where they were duly received neither Customs, formalities, nor time taken in distribution of sales, &c;, were a dragon him. Tasmania is the next to go, and then, I think, lam the nearest ready. Still, I cannot say positively till all the shackles are off. When all the packages for exportation are com plete! will send yon the list, and in time ac count for the disposal of every exhibit. Here I may remark that, after deducting samples which have been distributed, as per paper en closed, the wool was sold in bond at a uniform price of 14d. per lb. greasy, and 20d. for the scoured. Statement enclosed. It isnot yet de livered, waiting Customs entry, though all papers are complete. Thirty emu eggs were sold at S3 a pjeee, the balance being reserved as presents in recognition of courtesies received. Jbweixbet.—AD Steiner's jewellery is dis posed off at invoice prices, save one inkstand, £30, which, if not got rid ofliere, I will take to London, saving duty here, and I hope to sell it there. Wendfs noted inkstand (from the alarm a supposed robbery occasioned) is also sold at invoice price. The Colonial Commis sioners wishing to notify their obligation to the British Executive for their free grant of use of furnished rooms at St. George's House, within the .Exhibition Grounds, as well as the general good feeling and disposition to give all friendly aid and intercourse to the colonial representa tives, are buying Wendtfs inkstand for presen tation to Colonel Stanford. I, of course, on behalf of your Commission, take a share in the purchase, which will probably be £10. This reference to Wendf s jewellery leads me to ex plain that after receipt of your second invoice from Mr. Wendt some months since, I could come to no other conclusion than that no robbery had occurred, and that the one case, where nothing but a footboard and some red plush glass edging with broken glass had bsen found, had in reality never contained anything else, save that the glass, when packed, was not broken, and therefore that the footboard and gimp belonged to the one inkstand, which I had received in another case all right, Then arose the question, how had I so long thought other wise ? The cause lay in the wording of Hie packages on the original schedule. There each case—S.A.C over 37 and SAC over 25—were described as containing collection of jewellery, whereas, in fact, the board and gimp and glass alone could not be termed "collection of jewellery," as I read it. However, "All's well that ends welL" Sheepskins Dbessed. —Some sold and some reserved for donations. Dbessed Skins.—Have mostly, with all the specimens of natural history supplied by Mr. Waterhouse, gone to the Smithsonian In stitution at Washington, from whom in re tnm we are to receive natural history specimens illustrative jof {his continent, the preparation and sending of which will occupy more time than will permit of {heir going to Adelaide by by some vessel as our return exhibits do. Dbsiqx feok Skins of Nattvb Anixals.— Some sold, some donated, as I shall fully ex plain eventually. Cebraxs and othee Fabh Seeds.—What were left from weevil have been destributed in various directions to foreigners and the people of the United States. From some I have seeds in return; from others andnumerons foreigners and country institutions, the occasion of their geJtingsamplesaffordedmemuchopportunityfor conversation, and enabled me to illustrate the sort of country Australia was. Be it in wheat, or in dried fruits, or wax models, wool, wine, ores, or photographs in their separate or aggre gate exhibits, the effect upon the American mind has been most striking. It is not on common to hear the remark that the Australian colonies formed the most interesting part of the Exhibition. The force which impressed people with this idea was due to the varied and excel j lent indications of material wealth and material comfort which they for the first time in their lives saw before them as the products of conn tries they had been accustomed to regard as al most uninhabited, or at least in a very low state of settlement and civilization. To this feeling, too, I have seen added one approach ing admiration and brotherhood, based on surprise, that the Australian colonies should have taken so ready and extensive an interest in Exhibitions, and that onr illustrative statistics aad products proved us to be worthy members of the great Anglo race, in the qualities assigned to which tire American himself feels proud of pnwstinr a good share. As a sequence there cannot b? a doubt that oat of this exhibition commercial relations will spring op in various ways, and on long many will come and inspect us with whom' the thought never had footing before. In the general distribution of exhibits I am risking a little blame by a departure from tho letter of instructions in one or two thing*. Mr. Keynes's wool goes back to Adelaide^n its own show cases, set up well after the damage of "Skerryvore." Mr. Angas's samples of *rooL with photographs, in their two frame*, and copper and silver hammered specimen also go back, as the before-named direct from New Tork to Adelaide. Bat in the following case* I am making a dtUmr at least; that is? I am sending fht*m to London, whence, if wished by their owners, they can be sent direct to Ade laide or otherwise; and the reasons of uyth?s _- - acting with latitude are aa follow:—In common. S7 '. with other Colonial Commimicner? I hare been , i asked to send to London any spate exhibits which maybe thought suitable for a proposed. Colonial Museum, to be constructed upon a * large imperial scale. ' " A few things were in hand suitable for sued * purpose, and some of them were left hero, "at the disposal of the Commissioners.'' ,tlif fhrse were; Hiss Gray's wax models of fnd&^ieqr. trnthful representations and wery atfaeftm here as they would be elsewhere, their only fault being too limited in number. An-awanl : , is given them here. These fruits Qlustzate oar . climate, and sugsest by their delicious appear ance that the conn try thfy girarin i? ? J^ttli^ country to dwell in. The grapes, figs, ?lm?au t loquaft, oranges, citrons, lemons, with apples, pears, cutxrot?,-strawberries, and plant jnTiatiTi . directly to the sense of the inspector. ' Xberr have always attracted crowds here, and indoeed ,'' .no end of conversation. I have packed Jikemiay their ghiss case as exhibited here, and. tiMr^taf','. - reappear the same m London. '..'-.,' To the same destination is packed in its glass case ready to open out and be exhibited as ?ap? . in a few minutes, Warm's cocoons and apim ' silk. That alway? here atbacted attention— that kind of attention which arrest? pawsrs by,, and they stop and go out of then- way to ex amine, and are pleased and rendered inquisitive thereby. I have often heard people, after look ing at the things, ask "What country is this? Oh, thisisSouth Australia." Thb Emtj Eggs.—The emu eggs set ap la. Jewellery, being so perfectly novel to the visitors— X nothing like them anywhere else ? — have been useful attractions, advertising our colony. The Coo?ON(HT?—TheCoorongiteiait? glass case I send also to London to a class of men wbg* will regard it with much .interest. Some bave Bamples here under microscopic and I am to get their reports. The CfotD Qn&xiz.;—The gold quarz from tits Northern Territory I send also to LondoK. together with the framed set of photos (two in all), illustrative (in the one case) of bib tele graph line structure; and in the other of Port Darwin and Miirmuniiing^ and though Mr. Dutton has probably counterparts of these, yet as they are set classed in neat and good frames. I thought it best not to separate them fromtb* gold quarts of the Northern Territory, of whose riches therein it may prove a small but trutitfal witness. , - Gotdkb's Statistics. — Tie fire-fzaood. Goyder's statistics, too, I have packed for London, for though statistics like law books soon are surpassed, yet for a season tbeae will answer, and the frames they are in will be good enough for many successors. Cbabb's MalaChtth.—-Crabb's malachite ?* Mr. Angas's two spotted emu skins, and the tw? glass cases of Mr. Angas's TiiT"^^ ewe and. i?^k bltihr I have also packed - carefully and sent to London like the foregoing, and it is in these I depart from the strict reading of the instruc tions. For the credit of the colony on the opening of the Colonial Museum X hope shew gentlemen will allow these interesting exhibits to play a part were it only for a season. Bagotfs fannplft ftmft g?y? lttf?lr "^n A,?lAiai?lp. The stripper and Captain TT?m?wfr and Mr. Sauden'a machines abjo. The 114 clear glass botUes in which our winoa have been shown I send you, with the nickel plated frame and walnut board on which tha bottles stood. So if'yon wish we con ruse the like at our agricultural shows, Jgfiwing to 'visitors' eyes the color of the wine exhibited so little now. Cameron has secured us freight to Adelaide at the moderate rate of 37*. W. pec ton. I am greatly-obliged to him for the I enclose yon the lists of boajr^SsVeontents of cases handed "C. J. Cda^gypaide.n Many of these books, tte n are oPHh value. Many refer to railways, technological fnsfcfto tions, sewerage, &c;,&c.;, as you will see. There are also seeds of American indigenous trees for others cultivated, bere, including maples of New Wngland, so importaat ami valuable tree there, though perhaps not suited! to our climate, unless Mount Gamhier or Yankainia. Mr. Laudreft, of the Bbtmwi ?f Agriculture,alone sends us 109 packages of culi nary vegetable seeds. Mr. Parkinson, Superin tendent of United States Coast Etarvey, Ins I given me jn a case ready packed a selection of | 100 coast survey charts, whHsh I shall sendjou. These were >ftni^ isy pnWiratiffiw Tttmn his department, of great interest, and which am in lists now sent you. I have yet another sin to acknowledge in expiation or explanation. ft n T writr ynn npiin irithin n ffirtnight. T rlnno now withering that I can then add what addi tional machinery has been purchased, fee., aad enclose you bill of lading. I have fixed to leave America by tJie Ohio steamer tvom here floe i Liverpool pn December 14, but before going 1 want to visit the Cornell Agricultural Oo?age —Hub reputed best in tile States. The following letter from Mr. G. Vasey Botanist to the Department of Agriculture, Washington, has been received by Or. Schom ; wfri- Depariment of Agriculture, Washinghton, Noveanber 7,1876, xVofessor Schomburgk, Dear Sir—As botanist of the Department of Agriculture (tT.S.) I have had the oppor- . j tnnity during the past season of ci ! ?niinjng- various herbaria and botanical - collections from different countries, wsth none of them hare been more deeply interested 1 than with your South Australian Hierbarinm. I have conferred -with Mr. Davenport as to .the possibility of obtaining this valuable cnllestjpn - ! far the U.S. Herbarium; and, although with out direct instructions from you, Mr. Daven port has consented, at my nfJintation. to leave the collection, subject to yoot future approval, and wift the agreement lon our part that if the arrangement is not i agreeable to you, we will return tile herbarium at the earliest possible time through the Smitii sonian Institution. I have stated to Mr. Davenport that we are prepared to make a. return of United States plants, which, I fensV may be satisfactory to you. I have slraady had prepared for you a box containing SKI species, chiefly of the eastern portios ox the United States, and will, at an eariy day, pot Of) for you an equal number of species fnan the Becky Mountains, together with other* front the 'Western States and California, which ?• will transmit through the Smithsonian Institu tion. Hoping that this arrangement may meet with your approval, and that we may be able in the future to continue a correspondence and change of specimens, I remain, respectfully yours, . Gboegb Vaset, Botanist of Department of Agriculture. 