THE MERCURY. TUESDAY MORNING DEC. IS, m7. On turning over our files of Parliamentary papers relating to public works, we have been much struck with the difficulties that have arisen from time to time before the Legislature would assent to the raising of a loan to be expended in defraying the cost of constructing roads and bridges in the outlying districts of the Colony, to enable the settlers in those districts to get their produce to market and it has occurred to us that we might with some advantage at the present time call to mind some of the proceedings that have occurred in reference to the subject. When the late Governor, Mr. Du Cane, opened Parliament on July 21, 1874, the special attention of honourable Members was called to the matter, for we find His Excellency spoke as follows: " The very large expenditure which has taken place, and the heavy liabilities incurred for improving the means of communication between Hobart Town, Launceston, and Deloraine, render it absolutely necessary, as a measure of justice, that special aid should be afforded from the public funds to those outlying portions of Tasmania where the inhabitants derive no direct advantage from railway communication, and where the State has done but little in assist- ing the construction of even ordinary roads. Proposals will, therefore, be made to you for the purpose of rendering assistance to such districts in cases in which a judicious expenditure may be expected to prove of permanent benefit to the country." At that time Mr. IvENNERi.Bvand Mr. Chapman were the two members of the Ministry represent- ing the Government in the Legislative Council while Mr. Fysh, Mr. Giblin, and Mr. Moore represented the Government in the House of Assembly. The scheme submitted to Parliament on that occasion embraced the completion of the railway from Deloraine to the Mersey, together with the construction of numerous roads and bridges in various parts of the Colony. The various Bills authorising the construction of these works passed the House of Assembly, although several Members considered that many other roads and bridges should have been included in the scheme, and that provision should have been made for the future maintenance of those embraced in it. Ministers promised to consider what other works should be included in a scheme to be submitted the following session, and also to consider a plan to provide for the future maintenance of the main roads of the Colony. When, however, the Bills reached the Council, a strong opposition was offered to the passing of the same, unless Ministers at the same time proposed measures for increasing the revenue by some special taxation to meet the interest on any loan that might be proposed to be raised. This, however, Ministers declined to do, as they did not consider it necessary to raise any additional revenue at that time, being of opinion that the revenue from existing sources would be sufficient for the interest required during the then ensuing year. The Opposition was successful, and the Bills were thrown out, the erratic and versatile Member for Hobart Town, Mr. Crowther, being most indefatigable in his efforts to burke the Bills, and defeat the Ministry. Ministers, however, were determined to persevere, and to bring forward a larger measure in the following session. During the recess that followed Mr. Fysh retired from the Treasury but retained his seat in the Cabinet, his portfolio at the Treasury being taken up by Mr. Innes, who joined the Ministry on the distinct understanding that he would assist his colleagues in carrying out their public works scheme and any financial measures that the Ministry might consider necessary to meet the requirements of the Treasury. Mr. Du Cane retired from the government of the Colony towards the close of the year 1874, and Mr. Weld arrived here to assume the government early in January, 1875, and on opening Parliament on the 27th July of that year, he addressed honourable Members of both Houses as follows: In fulfilment of the assurance given at the close of of the last session of Parliament, the question of improving the means of communication in those parts of the Colony which possess population and resources, but are not immediately provided for by railways, has continued to receive the diligent attention of my responsible advisers: and I trust that the measures which will be brought under your consideration to meet the just claims of these localities will command the approval of the Legislature. My advisers will also submit for your consideration measures defining the amount of liability hereafter to be undertaken by the General Government for the maintenance of the chief foods of the Colony. I bespeak for this matter the careful attention which its gravity and importance demand. Ministers shortly afterwards introduced bills into the Assembly to carry out the measures they proposed, and in due season these were passed through the Assembly with the assent of large majorities. When, however, the Bills reached the Legislative Council they met the same determined and unreasonable opposition from a majority of the Members of that Chamber, Mr. Chowkieu, who has since been so well seen through, being again indefatigable in his endeavours to prevent the Bills passing and to defeat the Ministry that he might thereby clear the way for himself and friends getting into office. Ministers, however, resolved to give the Legislature an early opportunity of reconsidering the measures they proposed for the construction and maintenance of the public works they considered necessary for the progress and welfare of the Country, and after a Prorogation for a few weeks, a special session of Parliament was held to consider the proposed measures. The Assembly passed the Bills through all their stages in the course of a few days, but when they arrived in the Council-the opponents to public works and Ministers were in the majority, the Bill for the construction and maintenance of the main roads of the Colony having been thrown out on the motion for the second reading by a majority of one. The Kennerley Ministry did not meet Parliament again. When the Reibey Government was formed it was announced that they would bring forward a large scheme of public works ; but during the session of Parliament in October, 1876, they only submitted a scheme for the construction of a few works, but of even these Parliament would only sanction the construction of some roads in the mineral districts, preferring to wait for thosesBionof 1877, when Ministers promised a large and comprehensive scheme. It is hardly necessary to recapitulate matters of more recent history. Ministers propounded a scheme so large that their conduct could only be accounted for on the assumption that by the very magnitude of their proposals they hoped to defeat a scheme into which they did not heartily enter and the suspicion of their in- sincerity was increased by the proposed price which they asked the Colony to pay for a public works scheme, namely, an annual addition to the taxes of the Colony of nearly £100,000 ; or, in other words, 25 per cent. in increased burdens. These proposals found an advocate in that same Mr. Chowth eh who had been alarmed at an expenditure of half the amount he then supported - advocates also in Messrs. Reibey and Meredith, two of a minority of four in the Assembly against all public works. The enormous proposal to add so much to the taxes of the Colony, and the objectionable nature of the proposed new taxes, roused such a storm of contempt that Ministers had to succumb without ever having had an opportunity of explaining how it was that the great bulk of their proposed works was applicable to districts represented by their supporters. The present Ministers, when they entered office, took up the lost threads of the Kennerley Ministry's scheme, dropping for the present the Mersey and Deloraine railway and consequent 011 the more moderate proposition, and the manner in which the public mind had been educated, up to the required step, Ministers were successful in carrying their scheme through both Houses, and it now remains with Ministers to carry it 'out. For general information, and that the people of each district may know at a glance what they have. got, wo' subjoin an analysis of the works and votes apportioning to the various districts in the Colony the several works to be constructed therein. The works agreed to are a step in the right direction, to be accepted thankfully, and as an earnest of more to come, should the circumstances of the Colony warrant it, and the requirements of the Colony demand it I. Main Roads, Bridges, and Jetties on the North West Coast, viz.: Elizabeth Town to Latrobe ... Latrobe to the Leven . Leven to Emu Bay. Emu Bay to Table Cape . Table Cape to Detention River Detention River to Circular Head.. Mersey Bridge approaches near Latrobe Bridge over the Cam. Bridge over the Blythe . Jetty at Emu Bay. £35,200 £10,500 II. Branch Roads and Bridges, etc., on North Coast. Latrobe to Torquay Road .... £2,750 Formby to Don Bridge Road ... 600 Bridge over the Don. 200 Green's Creek Road. 1,000 Kentishbury and Barrington Road 1,500 Leven to Castra Road. 2,000 West Castra Road. 1,000 Road from Hamilton-on-Forth, via Wilmot River (south) . 1,000 Road from Hamilton-on-Forth to Kindred Plains . 2,000 Pine Road, Penguin Creek. 2,000 Road from CamBridge (south) ... 1,000 Road from Table Cape to Mount Hicks." . 1,000 Flowerdale Road ... *. 1,000 Forest Road, Circular Head. 1,000 Road from Duck River to Irish Town. 1,000 South Road, Montague . 700 Jetty at the Montague . 500 Seabrook Bridge near Inglis. 250 -£20,500 HELENE. Coast. Road from the George Town Road to the Upper Piper. £2,500 Road from Launceston to Scottsdale 8,500 Road from Scottsdale to Bridport... 2,000 Jetty at Bridport . 500 Road from Scottsdale to the Upper Ringarooma Bridge. 3,000 IV Mineral Districts, N.E. Coast. Road from George Town to Mount Direction, ria Nine Mile Springs £3,000 Road from Ringarooma to Branxholm . 1,000 Road from Branxholm to Moorina 1,000 Road from Moorina to Ringarooma Port. '... 1,000 Bridges over the Sheepwash and Tomahawk Creeks. 100 Bridge over the Boobyalla River. . 100 Road from Branxholm to Cascade River. 1,000 Back Tracks between the Blue Tier Junction, Weldborough, and Moorina . 2,000 Road from Upper Junction to the Lower Junction . 1,000 Road from George's River to George's Bay. 1,000 V. Exploration. Also Cutting and Clearing Track for Exploration purposes in the Western Districts of the Colony ... 1,000 VI. EAST Coast. Road from Kangaroo Point to Richmond £2,500 Road from Richmond to Swansea. . 4,000 Jetty and Causeway at Spring Bay 1,500 Jetty at Swansea . 2,500 Bridge over the Coal River and approaches (Searle's Corner) near Richmond . 1,000 Bridge over the River Wye. 500 Bridge over the Meredith River ... 500 Bridge over the Brushy River ... 500 Bridge over the Break o' Day Creek near Killymoon . 1,500 Road from George's Bay to the St. Mary's Road near Falmouth ... 3,000 Bridge over the Scamander River on the road from George's Bay to St. Mary's Road. 800 Road from Cambridge to Sorell ... 2,000 Road from Sorell to Eagle Hawk Neck. 2,500 Road from East Bay Neck to the Rugged Tier Wit Bream Creek ... 1,000 -£23,800 VII. New Norfolk, Hamilton, Bothwell, and Oatlands Districts. Bridge over the Derwent at New Norfolk £4,000 Road from New Norfolk to Lachlan Village . 1,000 Bridge over the Lachlan . COO Bridge over the River Styx. 500 Bridge over Russell's Falls River. 700 Bridge over Jones's River, and the approaches. 500 Road from Fenton Forest to Dunrobin via Monto Marsh. 1,000 Bridge over the River Derwent at Dunrobin . 1,000 Bridge over the Ouse River, Both- well to the Lakes . 300 Bridge over the River Jordan, Both- well to Oatlands . COO Bridge over the River Jordan, Both- well to Melton Mowbray. 500 Road from the Eastern Marshes and Bluff Roads to Tunnack. 1,000 £11,200 £11,700 VIII Huon District. Road from Margate to Three Hut Point £2,000 Road from Sandy Bay Rivulet to Ridgeway . 500 Road from Victoria to Port Cygnet 5,000 Jetty at Port Cygnet. 300 Bridge over the Sandfly with approach to the Port Cygnet Road 800 Road from the Huon Road to the Sandfly Basin . 500 Road from Bridge over the Huon near Victoria through Franklin to Honeywood. 5,000 -£14,100 IX. Glenorchy and Brighton. Road from the Main Road near the Berridale Inn, Glenorchy, via German Town to Sorell Creek ... £1,000 Road from Bridgewater to the Dromedary. 500 -£1,500 X Additional Lines of Telegraph. A line of telegraph from Emu Bay to Mount Bischoff £1,300 A line of telegraph from George's Bay to Moorina . 1,000 A line of telegraph from Honey- wood to Southport... '. l',000 ' A line of telegraph from Deloraine to Chudleigh. 300 A line of telegraph horn Longford to Cressy a . 200 A line of telegraph between Carrick and Bishopsbourne to Longford, etc. 250 -£4,050 XI. Sundry Miscellaneous Works. The erection of new Public Schools in country districts in accordance with the provisions of the Public Schools Erection Act, 1874 £4,000 Completing the marine survey of Banka Straits . 1,000 The purchase of land at the corner of Liverpool and Argyle streets, Hobart Town, for the purposes of the General Hospital ... 1,250 The erection of Police Buildings at Emu Bay, Mount Bischoff, Latrobe, Leven, Hamilton-on Forth.UpperRinparooma.George's Bay, Lower Ringarooma, Port Cygnet, and the Hampshire Hills 4.000 £10,250 Abstract of Sums Voted. I. Main roads, etc. North West Coast £35,00 li. Branch roads, ditto . 20,500 £55,700 iii. Roads, etc., North East Coast £1<>,500 IV. Ditto Mineral Districts, ditto 11.200 27,700 V. Cutting tracks, etc, WeaternDistricta... 1,000 vi. Roads, etc, East Coast. 23,800 viz. Roads, etc.. New Norfolk, Hamilton, Bothwell, and Oatlands- . 11,700 vin. Roads, etc., Huon district. 14,100 ix. Roads, etc., Glenorchy and Brighton... 1,500 X. Additional Lines of Telegraph. 4,050 xi. Sundry miscellaneous works '. 10,250 £149,800 The Governorship of New South Wales. Truth, of October 25, contains the following paragraph Sir Hercules Robinson, G.C.M.G., will return home from Sydney early next year, and report names Lord Normanby, at present in New Zealand, as his probable successor in the Governor- ship of New South Wales. The appointment would meet with much approval, for Lord Normanby has fully earned the confidence of the Colonial Office, and his popularity in New Zealand is beyond question. District of Derwent Mr. W. A.B. Gellibrand was yesterday re-elected unopposed as representative for the district of Derwent in the Legislative Council. The hon. member's constituents are to be complimented on the good sense they have shown in again returning a gentleman who has served them so well. The Weather It will be seen from our Launceston correspondent's letter that in the North they had on Saturday several hours of most welcome rain. The hope that it was general has not been realised. On Saturday we had only a few drops, and again an appearance of rain once or twice on Sunday ; but the much- desired showers did not fall. Last evening there was a slight shower, but it did little more than lay the dust. Rain is very much wanted. We have reports from all parts of the injury that the grain and fruit crops have suffered by the long period of dry weather through which we have been passing. Telegraph Office Notice-The following notice was posted at the Telegraph Office yesterday: Port Darwin line interrupted north of Powell's Crook. Party out effecting repairs." Unclaimed Telegram. The messengers have been unable to find an owner for a telegram addressed to William Button, Elizabeth-street. Concert at Bellerive On Thursday next Mrs. Alexander's concert will take place at the Bellerive Institute Steamers will, leave Hobart Town at 7 and 7,30 pm. ' Valuation of City Property At the meeting of the City Council yesterday the Town Clerk laid before the Council the Assessment Roll for the city of Hobart Town for 1878, from which it appeared that the valuation on new erections and improvements amounted to £1,708, while" the" amount of unoccupied properties showed a decrease of £481. The amount available for calculating the income for 1878 was £108,311. Correction In the paragraph in yesterday's Mercury headed "Wanted Known," some strange blunders have been allowed to pass. The first sentence, "The principal on which the City Council have and leave unmade the footpaths," should have read, "The principle on which the City Council make and leave unmade the footpaths." Campbell Town In our report of the meet in of the Municipal Council of Campbell Town, held on Thursday, which appeared in yesterday's Mercury, Mr. Gibson is stated to have been elected Warden. This was a mistake, Mr. Padfield, as stated in our telegrams in Saturday's issue, having been elected Warden and speaking of Sub-inspector Palmer's vigilance and efficiency, the Council is represented as having every confidence in " their officers instead of that officer," meaning Mr. Palmer. The Governor's Capella a report of the rifle contest for His Excellency's Silver Cup we were in error in stating that Messrs. T. Westbrook and Martini being tics, they would have to shoot off. The highest aggregate scorer after the next competition at Launceston will be the winner. We also omitted to state that a toast was proposed in a very neat speech by Mr. Geo. Collins and heartily responded to by the Northern team "Success to the Southern Tasmanian Rifle Association." The Band The attempts to form a brass band in Hobart Town have been spasmodic, and far from successful. There is plenty of the raw material, and of good quality in everything but subordina- tion and somehow or other, any excellence was always marred by internal discord. We are glad, therefore, to hear that there is a prospect of a first class teacher and disciplinarian settling among us. Hallas'' Band is a recognised institution in Sandhurst, and well-known over the length and breadth of Victoria. It will be recollected that some three years ago the Band paid a visit to Hobart Town, and delighted the musical portion of the community. On that occasion Mr. Hallas was so much pleased with Hobart Town that he has since had a hanker- ing after our cool climate, contrasting, as it does, so much with the heat of Bendigo. He is now here with Mrs. Scott-Siddons' band and is, we believe, inclined to settle here should he get sufficient encouragement, which we hope he will for where Hallas is, there will a band be, and a first-class one. He would be an acquisition in connection with the proposed Volunteer movement for what is a drill or march without a band 1 Proposed Volunteer Force A meeting of the committee was held last evening at Beaumont's Hotel. Liverpool-street, Dr. E. L. Crowther presiding. The secretary reported that His Excellency the Governor had signified his intention to be present at the public meeting which is to be held at the Town Hall to-morrow evening, for the purpose of considering the advisability of forming a Volunteer Artillery Force. The secretary also reported that the use of the hall had been granted by the Mayor for the purpose, in response to a requisition signed by 187 persons, and that the City Band had volunteered to parade the streets of the city for an hour preceding the holding of the meeting. It was also reported that the Colonial Treasurer (the Hon. W. R. Giblin) and Major-General Hodg- son had consented to be present at the meeting. The business done by the committee was of a routine character. A Dangerous Man Yesterday afternoon about 3 o'clock a young girl, about 14 years of age, was seized in Franklin Square by a man named Fyshe, who attempted to commit a criminal assault upon her, but, fortunately, was prevented by a number of persons whose attention was attracted by the loud and continued cries of the girl. Fyshe is a printer, but has been drinking very heavily for some time past, little to the credit of the police, and has lately been wandering about the town in an unsound state of mind. We understand that later in the day he was arrested, and we have no doubt that he will be placed under proper restraint until he is fit to take care of himself, and be responsible for his actions. City Police Court. At the City Police Court yesterday morning three inebriates were fined in the usual amounts and Joseph Ledger, upon a charge of making use of obscene language in the public street, was fined 10s. 6d., with the alternative of 14 days' imprisonment. The Mayor, and Aldermen Maher and Harcourt were the presiding magistrates. Court of General Sessions A meeting of the Court of General Sessions was held at the Mayor's Court-room, Town Hall, yesterday morning, when there were present Mr. G. Crisp (chairman), and Messrs. Cowan, Dowdell, Green, Hull, Inglis, Lawrence, Burgess, Maher, Harcourt, and Pike. Pawnbrokers licenses were granted to Mr. S. W. Roberts, Argyle-street, and Mr. Sims, Liverpool street. An application from Mr. Sargeant, Murray street, for pawnbroker's license was not entertained, the application not having been lodged in time. It was then decided to adjourn the Court till Monday next when the application will be considered. " The Austral Review." The readers of this monthly journal cannot complain of an absence of variety in the subjects treated. There are twenty articles, some of them fairly written ; but the peculiarly jerky, Victor Hugo style, which is adopted is anything but conducive to pleasant reading. The Australasian Sketcher." There are a number of sketches of natural scenery in this month's Sketcher, some of them exceedingly well executed. Tasmania contributes two-the township of Kingston, at Brown's River, and a view of Adam son's Peak, as seen from Port Esperance Neither of them, however, give a good idea of our best scenery. The subject of the usual Christmas coloured supplement is " A Bush Toilette." A girl is depicted performing her toilette at a mountain stream ; but her figure is not good ; she looks older than the artist evidently intended her to look, and the appearance of the whole picture is marred by a superfluity of colouring. Hobart Town Debating Society's concert in connection with this association was held last night in St. John's school-room, Macquarie-street. The attendance was rather scanty, owing to counter attractions. An excellent programme of vocal and instrumental music, together with readings and recitations, was successfully carried out. Welcome Tea-Meeting On Thursday evening a public welcome tea-meeting to the Rev. Dr. and Mrs. Smith will be held in the Mechanics' Institute. A number of ministers, including the Rev. J. B. Waterhouse, of New South Wales, the Rev N. Bennett, and others, are expected to be present. The Ouse On Boxing Day, sport of various kinds will take place at the Ouse. Derwent and Tamar Assurance Company's special meeting of this company was held yesterday, when Sir James M. Wilson was elected a director in the place of the Hon. A. Kennerley. The Rev. Gervase Smith, DD. From the Chronicle we learn that on Sunday morning Dr. Smith conducted the service at the Patterson-street Wesleyan Church. The body of the church was filled, but not crowded. Many members of other churches were present. Dr. Smith took for his text the 8th verse of the first chapter of the Acts of the Apostles, " And ye shall receive power, after that the Holy Ghost is come upon you, and ye shall be witnesses unto me both in Jerusalem and in all Judea, and in Samaria and unto the uttermost part of the earth." Dr. Smith's style (says our contem- porary) is marked by simplicity, sustained power, and natural eloquence, without anything approach- ing sensationalism in expression or manner, beyond maintaining the wonderful spiritual power inherent in the Gospel he preaches. Shipments of Tis. The steamer Devon arrived from the North West Coast on Saturday, with a parcel of 47 tons of tin from the Mount Bischoff Company's claim. The steamer Avon arrived from Ringarooma on Saturday, with 1042 bags tin ore from the following claims 9-7 bags, Victor ; 44 do, FB 41 do, Lothair ; 107 do, Frome River ; 54 do, Thomas' River ; 92 do, PP ; 2 do, Abbotsford¡ 10 do, Mr Odo, B; 12 do, KBH ; 114 do, Springs; 6 do, BBC ; SI do, 6 4 2 16 do, G ; 21 do, Union ; 110 do, Main Creek ; 117 do, Native Youth i (35 do, All Nations ; 100 do, united Nations ; 52 do, Star of How. Chronicle. Mr. Henry Varley The Public Works Committee of the City Council on Wednesday, at its ordinary weekly meeting, afforded Mr. Varley an opportunity to submit some reply to the complaints which had been made about the indecency of his recent public discourse at the Town Hall. He was introduced (we learn from the Argus) to the Com mittees Mr. Balfour, M.L.C., who presided over the meeting at which the discourse was delivered. Some questions were put to Mr. Balfour by members of the committee He said that if Mr. Varley had consulted him beforehand about one or two of the things he intended to say he should have advised Mr. Varley to withhold them, but he did not feel called upon to interrupt the lecture. From the answers of both Mr Varley and Mr. Balfour it appeared that the representations which had been made to the committee were substantially correct. Mr. Varley said that the subject he had to handle was one of great difficulty, he spoke out plainly, but with no wish to offend anyone's sense of delicacy. Should the committee hold that the expressions complained of were improper, he would gladly withdraw them. The committee took some time to deliberate over what should be done, and before a decision was arrived at the members present were reduced to seven. It was ultimately resolved by four votes to three that Mr. Varley's application for the use of the hall should be granted. The committee, at the same time, expressed strong disapproval of what both Mr. Varley and the Rev. H. B, Macartney had said, and required Mr, Varley to undertake that Uko matters should not be men turned again., It is expected that the committee will ask the Council to consider whether the hall should be let for a religious or non-religious dis- courses for the future The whole subject will no doubt come up for discussion on Monday. Champion Scullers The last match won by Hanlon, the Canadian rower, who has accepted Trickett's challenge, was over the same distance as Trickett rowed Rush, and he did it in three minutes less than Trickett did: it, beating all his opponents easily by over 300 yards. In all probability, it will be found that the men are equally Wholesale Pledge Taking One of the most extraordinary spectacles ever witnessed in Christ- church (says the Lyttelton Times) took place last Sunday morning at the Catholic Chapel, in connection with the Mission services. Throughout his sermon, which was characterised by the utmost simplicity of language, Father Henneberry held the complete attention of his hearers, and at its close he referred in a few vigorous sentences, which seemed absolutely electrical in their effect, to the wisdom of total abstinence, and the blessings attendant upon its adoption, referring to his Lordship the Bishop of Wellington, who was present, as an example who might in this respect well be followed. The reverend Missioner then called upon those present to take the pledge from him, then and there. A pause came, and then, amid the dead silence, the single word "Arise?" Instantly so-no 1500 of the congregation were standing, and with the right hand elevated, they repeated after Father Henneberry the following pledge:-" I promise to abstain from all intoxicating drinks, except used medicinally by the direction of a medical man, and to discountenance the cause and practice of intemperance." At the evening service the pledge was administered to a large additional number, and during the week a special certificate will be issued to each person who has thus taken the Father Mathew pledge. A Heavy Gust of Wind- As an instance of of the extraordinary force of the wind (says the Braidwood Dispatch, commenting upon the recent hurricane in New South Wales), we may mention that at a little before noon, when the Araluen coach drew out into the street in front of the Commercial Hotel, in readiness for the horses to be put to, it was caught by a tremendous gust and fairly lifted over to the opposite side of the street, where it was arrested in its progress by coming into contact with the verandah in front of Mrs. Edwards' house, a part of which was stove in. Typhoid Fever in Brisbane-st telegram from Brisbane in the Melbourne Herald says :-"Con- siderable alarm is felt here, owing to an outbreak of typhoid fever among the pupils attending the convent schools. The children were sent to their homes ten days earlier than their holidays usually commence, and the excuse made was that this course was adopted in consequence of the extreme heat prevailing. It now turns out that a case of typhoid fever had previously occurred in the schools, and much indignation is experienced at the deceit practised upon the parents. The consequence of the deception is that typhoid fever has broken out in a virulent form in a number of places. The eldest daughter of the Auditor-General has died from it, and. three other of his children have been attacked, and are in a critical condition. The matter is to be brought under the notice of the Board of Health." 