LAUNOESTON EXAMINER. TUESDAY, JU7NE 12, 1877. A.E our readers generally aware of the a amount of :interest they have to pay b yearly at the present time on money bor- d rowed for " public works 1" In Novem- b ber last it amounted to £80,839, and to p this must be added £32,500 for that piece I of suporlaitive folly-the so-called Main p Line Railway, making a total of £122,3309, p which is more than a pound per head g for overy man woman and child, or £6 a Ih head for every male adult, or £10 a head f for every real worker gaining the livoli-d hood of himself and his family. And I what is to be shown for' this enormouse debt on a colony that numbers little over I one hundred thousand souls ? We appeal to the common sense of thinking men if i there is scarcoly a ghost of return for this wanton exponditure. And if Gov. ornment were entrusted with another half million of money it would as certainly be wasted as that which has already been so prodigally squandered without any ap preciable equivalent to the community. Successive Ministries have professed they did not know where to turn to for moeans to make both ends moot, and the taxa tion of the man who has to depend on the toil of his hands is very severe. It is taxation that drives such away from a country, as may be soon at the present moment by the experience of the two conterrieinous colonies of Victoria and New South Wales. The population is flocking from the former to the latter at such a rate as to disarrange for the time the healthy 1 relations of labor, as respects demand and supply. How trifling would have been the taxes had not those who had the power madly rushed thes colony into debt, which never will and never can yiold any adequate compensation. Tt is mockery to talk of "reproductive works," which g produce nothing, not even a prise of in terest in tihe hundred pounds. W- have in previous articles enumor ated some of the items of expenditure in Sthis colony, which, as far as the benefit 8 of Tasmania is concerned, might as well 0 have boon sunk in the sea like 'the first cable. The item for fortifications, arms, and ammunition, is given at £18,187, and that for the maintenance of volunteers £2 20,080, together £44,207,, and in this , year of grac tihe colony is wholly left 'e without the shadow of defence. The most that can be done is to improvise a dozen men to'fire a salute on a gala day; and this is a fair specimen of the way in which much hard cash has gone. It is no wonder that the following stanza was \- acclimatisoed, and became so popular among colonial children some time ago : Up and down the City Road, In and out the Eagle, That's the way the money goes, Pop gees the weasel h If a calm survey of the country for the last twenty years bse taken, it will he found that nearly all the improvements necessary or useful have beeoon effected by local bodies. The works have been ex ecuted, as a wholo, economically and h well, because the persons to be benefited contributed a, share of the cost, and in d urred tho. responsibility of borrowing whore money was taken up.: The banks a have been liberal in affording temporary assistance to municipalities and road trusts, and the various districts are quite equal to providing for themselves all they require in the way of roads and bridges, breakwaters, and so forth, aided by the liberal legal contributions from the general revenue, to which they are en- 1 titled. Let public works that are do. slrablo and useful be promoted to the utmost extent by those Immediately in torosted, and within the scope of. their ability, and we shall have pormanot and useful improvements executed to the ex toent and of the nature required. But the manner in which the £100,00 0 hor rowed some years ago for "reproductive pal works" wore misapplied, and it is said a cos largoe part unaccounted for, should pro vent a repetition of folly so terribly ox- an' pensive, and from which the country is still suflfering, and must continue to suffer be till by an effort and sacrifice the debt is paid off. 15 The mining interest is placed at great disadvantage from the want of roads, pc oulverts, and bridges, but if the revenue were collected as. it ought to have been ii many months ago; and a moiety allowed for such works, organisations would have boon formed and the improvements effected. But the Government instead of helping with tho.resources in hand from the gold fields and tin mines, has stood in 21 the way, and reaUy obstructed operations. The statute book contains many Acts a passed for the promotion of public works fc on a sound and safe basis, and fully ado. I quote to the wants of the colony, but the Government will not put them in force. There is -the 84 Vict., No. 10, Swhich secures one half thopurohaso money of lands for the construction of roads, and, not only that but provides that e yearly the fourth part of the revenue re coived from rent and license foees shall be sot apart and form a fund for the con- N struction of roads and bridges, tram-. ways, jetties, wharves, and breakwaters. a Again by 30 Viot. No. 18, if a loan is re quired to effect such objects, the money can be borrowed at threeoo per cent. from the Government. An Amending Act 87 Vict..No. 21, provides for the forma- I tion of districts, and fixes the scale and a mode of voting. There is thus every ( facility and material help offered to those r- who are disposed to help themselves. o But if persons will act the part of the a foolish little buy and cry for the moon, a they may expect to be disappointed. There is no other way to prosperity for States and nations than for individuals. If the latter anticipate their income and ! mortgage their estates in order to squan der foolishly, investrecklessly and with out regard to their resources, ruin is (a inevitable. So a State that follows the same course must exorieonce a similar fate. A wise and prudent man will make improvements, and extend his possessions " according to his moans; and if he borrow for a special object, he will never rest satisfied till the obligation is cancelled, he and his estate again. free from inoum ay branco. A few such have contracted ýr- debts, and benefited by the operation; n- but a large proportion of borrowers have to placed a hoavy burden on their backs for eo life, and deeply regretted they over n pawned their acres. A still larger pro 0, portion have lost their freeholds alto ud gether, and their fancied improvements a have sunk into ruin. It should never be 4d forgotten that Rome was not built In a Li. day: it was first of mud, and than of id brick, and then of marblo; and Tasma ua nia cannot by any amount of expenditure ir however lavish, attain to a condition ial which only time, and local effort can if accomplish. 