,. . . Coursing. THE BATHURST WEEK. . _" itl ï BENT In timo for last week's T. and C. some account oí t . taning clay's sport, than willoh nothing could have be better : and now that tho wholo jubilee hus ended in a mu ner to delight everybody, I proceed to give your readers a ft general remarks, with some description of tho second ai third days' running, Nothing hos overcomeoff so thorough . ? a Buccess at tho " City of the Plains ;" for not only havo t Visitors beon delighted beyond conception, with tho way ur . wera received and tho sport afforded thom, but tho loc , sportsmen, and non-sportsmen toot uro now porfect convet to coursing, and will support the club by all means in thc flower. Even if our ruloi's do refuse to give us a Game B . ' by willoh sonto protection may bo afforded to the hares, thc is still tho law of trespass available ; and as twenty people Bathurst will now assist in putting down pot-hunting, f evory otto who did so before this meeting, I think tho deni , knoll of destruction by the gun lias boon Bounded ; and tin the gentleman who, I was told, has tuken away from eighl to a nundred live haren from Bathurst, but still holds h position as a prominent official of tho Coursing Club, wi find it moro difficult to make purchases. Everything con bined to ensure a good meeting, tho weather being glorioi for spectators, and cool enough for dogs to run well; whi . : the kindnoss and hospitality extended to tho many visito) knew no bounds, Hures were in quite sufficient numbers for on tho two iirst days thcro were certainly twice or thrc times as many stole away as were coursed ; und on Friday w must havo put up at least a hundred. The Bathurst hare; too, are remarkable for their strength, us Well us speed; uni ; there being very little cover tliis season on the pluins, tho coi sequence has been courses of unusual and inconvenient lengtl by which the chances of many good dogs have been put on completely. For a course to extend three or four miles wu nothing unusual ; and it was pending the duration of thea terrible runs that so many hares stole away uncoursed. Ol coursing men from England, Ireland, and Scotland all agre that there's no country so well lltted for the sport as th Bathurst Plains, lacking only in a seuson like the present little more cover ; but this want is likely soon to be remedied aa I will tell by-and-byo. Tile Railway Department put on n egfcclal train as at tile races ; but they issued tickets at singl Jare for tho double journey, commencing on Tuesday an< lasting a week ; and a good many Sydneyites availed them selves of the remission to go and see coursing-most of then for tho first time in their lives. I tliink I may safely say tba .. all these visitors wero immensely pleased with their receptio; , and the sport provided. When I arrived in Bathurst by mai itún of Tuesday evening from Sydney, I found hotels ex ceeding full; hardly a bcd to bc got in most of the goo< houses ; and in tho morning it was clear to the most casuii . observer that great interest and excitement pervaded the cit; and ita inhubitantej for, although carly rising had to be done . and many folks don't like it/there were few laggards who host Denny's breakfast bell made welcome sound at half-pas . eeven. Having token tho precaution to communicate wit) my old friend tile sporting proprietor of Tattersall^, on th subject of a horse, I nad tile satisfaction to lind myself on th back of that nice little hock "Tomboy," shortly after nin o'clock, and on my woy out to thotrystlngplncc-" Leeholme, the residence of Str. George Lee-about six miles outof town There had been a thick fog, which was just clearing off, bu the remains of which were sufficient to prevent coursing be fore half-past ten-half an hour after the appointed hour ; b; ,. which time there was indeed a goodly cavalcade at the meei . -not only sportsmen on horseback and on foot ; not only th ct polloi " in every kind of wan and cart;" but such a larg number of fair ladies, on horseback and in carriuges, us maa it quite clear to mo that the sport of coursing must becom on established favourite with tho sterner sex. The presenc of BO many ladies on each of the three days constituted b, do means a small part of tho attraction ; and I hope to see th example set at Buthurst followed generally throughout th colony. Foremost among the fair equestriennes was Mis Ida Lee, the young daughter of the Squire of Leeholme. ] did one's heart good to seo her lead all the field, except th judge, when the greyhounds wore running ; and I needn't say now glad everybody was to find this young lady unhurt when Vivian, jumping unexpectedly, unseated her, on the morning of the third day. The hospitality of Mr. and Mn George Lee knew no bounds; for notwithstanding had been made known that luncheon would be proou able on the ground, the doora of Leeholme wei " thrown open, and on the third day there was anal fres a spread at Mr, George Leo's carriage, where champagne t W hb. waa dispensed to all who accepted the general ar generous invitation. Many buggies on the ground liad the hampers, from whioh "Threo Star" and "£. L." wore pr dueod with willing hand ; for tho "Ambulance Van" of ni friend "Dan" couldn't be everywhere at once; but I wt glad to soe that great institution surrounded by good cm »mers wherever it took up it« position. The lunoheon Mi Mayne provided for tho public was a remarkably good on on each day, doing him immense credit ; wliich ho well de served also for tho quality of the liquids he supplied to hi thirsty customers ; and I hope he found his reward in con Bideraole profits-as I think was the case on the tliird day ai any rate. On tho tliird afternoon a number of those whonac reoeivod tho hospitality of Mr. and Mrs. George Lee, as semblod in the verandah at Leeholme, and gave hearty cheers for Mrs. Lee und the family. I must here say that tht kindness tho visitors received from Mr. John Lea, Mr George Lee, and Mr. Kite, tho principal movers in coursing matters, ns well as from all the other sportsmen of Bathurst and ita neighbourhood, will never bo forgotten; and thev have herewith our unqualified thanks. After 6uch a grand success surely some acknowledgment ÍE due to tho officials, under whose guidance and management the work has been carried out in auch a capital atyle ; for, at a matter of fact it couldn't have been better. Everyone re gretted tho absonce of his Excellency, the patron of the club ; But wo had tho president, Mr. E. Leo ; and the following vice presidente, tho Hon. E. K. Cox, Messrs. G. Lee; A. Thomp son, and G. F. Want, who were in their places when wanted. The work, however, fell on the shoulders of the committee of managomenfc, among whom shone prominently, by thoir groat activity, Messrs. G. Lee, 0. 0. Skarratt. A. Geo, W. E. langley, P. Higgins, and W. E. Hall-the last named, Mr. Leo, and Mr. Skarratt doing the lion's share of labour. Mr. Skarratt, as slip steward, had his work cut out for lum ; aa alao had the Hag steward, Mr. G. L. Lord ; and there were stewards, too numerous to mention, all assisting in keeping tilings straight. The secretary too, Mr. 0. S. Gregory, was aotively engaged, and courteous to everyone coming In contact with lum; and, these things having been as I de eoribe, it is not wonderful that tho sport went off without hitch, and that everyone was well pleased. I never saw a moro orderly crowd, or a crowd better managed ; for, though on the first day there was at times some appearance of overstepping tho boundaries, the most excited spectators soon discovered that they saw moro by keeping in line ; and good order once established waa seldom or never, uftorwums broken. I liardly know how to write in sufficiently liigh terms of Mr. Johnson and his performances as judgo, for he certainly has most deservedly gaiued tho confidence und respect of all Now South Wales coursers, and sportsmon generally ; and evory body hopes to see him hore again in the same character. At the commencement on the first day ho was not mounted on a féneer ; but having had to go a considerable distance round, and lose eight of lila doga for a long way in ono course, Mr. A. West sent ? Puritan to tho rcsouo; and the judge hadn't boon on his now charger live minutes when ho was called upon to negotiate a J'our-foot-sixor, which ho did in fine style. This put man and horse on good terms with each other, and they did some capital jumping; the cool way in whioh Mr. Johnson took tho lust fence causing gonoral ad miration. Several times on his return after a long course tile judgo was lustily cheered; for not only did the crowd appreciate his horsemanship thoroughly, but his decisions gave universal satisfaction. Nothing could have been botter tuan Wilson's slipping ; tho way in which he drops tho slips \- between tho dogs being a novelty to most of the spectators ;. and I don't think any coursing club wore ever moro lucky In thilr choice of judge and slipper than that of Now South Wale« on the present occasion. The Melbourne dogs ran woll; Mr. Wolstenholmo having two out of bia threo left in the last four for tho Cup, and winning with one of them ; and as Mr. Wolstenholmo gaiued golden opinions from all with whom he came in contact, as a real straightforward, honest, unpretentious courser, tho foaling of satisfaction wuB very general that ho should win, when a local d-.g couldn't. Ho was well pleased with his visit, apart fri m tho fact ot winning j and I've no doubt the report that ho and Mr. Johnson give of tho placo and the people will draw many subscribers next year to whatever stakes may bo run off ut Bathurst. Local eoursors wero not badly represented ; Barunah and Jezebel showing to considerable advantage in tho Cnn against tho large kennels, and tall talk of tho Metropolitans; and Mr. Kite's dog was very unlucky, his course with Muggie Moore being over three milos long ; und tho dog himself, at tho end of it, getting a bellyfull of wutor before ho could bo picked up. But for this he would havo mudo a closer finish, for when put In the slips for the deciding course ho was all ol' a tremble, and not fit to run for sjraws. I don't go so far ns to say ho'd haye toßfa Windermere; but ho'd ha Ye wilde aolvso thing tíf it, instead of being beaten by tlilrteon points. A i patones of gorse and bita of cultivation will tend to shor courses, to increase sport, and preserve hares, all at on and from what I heard I fanoy Messrs. John and George I and Mr. Kite will go in for those things at once. Having so far remarked on preliminaries and conco; tanta of the coursing, I proceed to give particulars of sport itself ; and as I Know many persons who are anxiout possess the full account of the proceedings all in one, I v repeat tho first day's runaing, which I gave last week, c recting some errors that appeared therein, and aro liable mislead in tho future. The following tells how tho differ» ©ourses came off : Tho first day's card, consisted of tho first round and fi ties of the Oup, Bilverstream and Nell wero first tobe tak in hand by Wilson, and tho former had it all his own way a splendid courso with a capital hare, which the dog kill after tlio course was decided. Old Glacier, never havii coursed beforo, didn't care aboutexerting herself ; and so, aft going a short distance, she stopped, letting Ghinni Ghin perform alone; and, much to most people's astonishmer Guardsman mado mincemeat of tho imported Jessamin Barunah and Athole Brose had a long course, all in favour the former, and after tho judge had left off judging, tho doj sighted the hare again, and ran another long course, in wilie Jezobel, who had slipped her collar, joined, giving Mr. Kite dog two courses instead of one. The course between GeeG< and Bessie Bell was tho only ono of the day that people hn doubts about; but as we fancied tho judge was on ono sido < a clump of trees whilo Bessio Bell was making great pom at tho other, I, for my part, have no doubt Mr. Johnso gave a thoroughly honest decision. I understood Youn Australia haB been a capital killer of hares ; but ho's out < place in a stake with greyhounds, and as he began by havin to tackle Brindisi, he wasn't allowed much snow of distil guishing himself. Perhaps as close a worker as wo saw is Jezebel, who, a! though sho had a good gruelling when she got looso am joined in the courso with Barunah and Athole Brose, dresse* off Gazelle (always cracked up to be Mr. Gardiner's best) ii great stylo, Gazelle having no show whatever. It was pos Bibly Itu Courso of thc day ; a grander couldn't bo seen. Sei Wave beat Acute Angle ; and Maggie Moore won from Mr. E Leo's Snowflake, in a course of which I saw nothing, ns ii was run out of sight of tho spectators. The only "undo cided" of the day was between Happy Joe and Snowdon, ir which I don't think either was ever 'fairly sighted ; and in the run off (which was also an unsatisfactory course) the red %von. Snowstorm, the last year's winner, met tho infirm Lanercost, and tho former, seeming to run very "cunning," lot tho white dog do the work till he got astraightrun, when ho ran right by him, but tho white had the points. Winder mere beat Miss Tansey, which was expected ; and perhaps the astonisher of tho day was Golden Serpent giving Werribee Lass a confirmed hammering, which finished off the first round. Tho first ties were commenced without delay, the first course being between Ghinni Ghinni and Silvcrstream, in which the latter never had tho ghost of a show ; and the second trial gave an opportunity to Barunah of giving a very hollow beating to Guardsman. This was followed by Brindisi run ning a bye, Mr. Gardiner having drawn Geo Gee; and then we hada rattling course between Jezebel and Sea Wave, in which tho Bathurst bitch had all tho best of it, and scored a great number of points. Tho courso between Maggie Moore and Happy Joe was not a long one before they went out of sight, but the lady had all the best of it; and aíthough many people thought Lanercost would have a show with Windermere, the white dog was never in it, tho injury to Ids off hock which J. mentioned some time since almost disabling him. The day's sport wound up with a bye by Golden 8erpent, which was tho twenty-first course run between half- past ten and four 0 clock, out of which one hour was consumed at lunch ; and 1 have no doubt that forty hares went away uncoursed. Of course we all made immediate tracks for the city, which we reached in good order, and good timo for washing hands be fore tho usual excellent dinner awaiting us at the Royal. In the evening tho committee mot to settle the card for next day; and decided to run off first tho first round of the St. Leger; then the second ties of tho Oup; and finally the first ties of tho Leger. Windermere, who had a bye to run on the morrow (Golden Serpent being taken up to run with Maggio Moore) was the favourite for tho Oup ; and next to lum Barunah was in most request. There was appearance of a ohange in the weather, which arrived before wo got un in tho morning. ° * 