BDBLE CHRISTIAN CONFERENCE. The ministers ana representatives composing the first Bible Christian Conference assembled in Young-street Church on Wednesday, at 2 p.m. This being the first Conference of the Bible Christian Chnrch in this colony, considerable interest was manifested in the formation and proceedings of the said meeting. There was a time when the highest Court of the Church in the colony was a quarterly meeting. After seme time a district was formed, and an annual district meeting held. The need of self-govern ment has been felt for some time, and the English Conference was asked to form the Churches in the colony into a separate and inde pendent Conference. This being duly granted, the colony was divided into four districts, and the respective meetings held preparatory to Conference. On the previous day the General Connexional, Trust Debts, and Stationing Committees met to prepare business for the full Conference. The meeting was opened by the Rev. T. Piper giving out a hymn and the Rev. T. Hillman engaging in prayer. The Conference was then formed, the following ministers and representa tives sent by their respective District Meetings answering to their names:-Revs. T. Piper (General Superintendent), J. Way, J. Roberts, T. Allen, J. Ridclift, T. Hillman, J. Trewin, J. Foster, W. Richards, J. Rock, J. Stoyel, R. Lang, O. Lake, R. Kelly T. McNeil, W. W. Finch, J. Baymont, and J. Dingle. Messrs. I E. Gould, W. Stillwell, W. Lewis, J. Roberts, W. Polkinghorne, W. Ridgway, W. Taylor, J. C. Burton, J. Cooper, F. A. Haynes, and Dr. Campbell. A few of the members appointed had not arrived. The meeting then proceeded to the election of President. The Rev. T. Piper being the only nomination was most heartily and unanimously elected. On taking the chair the Rev. T. Piper was greeted with loud and continued applause. He said he had no speech prepared to deliver, but would congratulate them on the first Conference gathering of the Church in the colony. They were now an independent body, with power to manage their own affairs apart from extraneous interference. The past year had been moderately successful. Some Circuits had realized much prosperity, and others had suffered much through removals and other causes; but the in crease more than made up for the decrease. The finances were in a very satisfactory state. Perhaps never before in their history as a Ghureli were their finances better snstt-ned. The circuits generally were in a prosperous si-; be, and the Connexion was evidently growing in the esteem and confidence of the public. Among the many subjects that would claim their atten tion one of the foremost was the providing more substantial and commodious edifices for public worship. In many places sufficient importance .had not been attached to this department, and the neglect had resulted in heavy debts and unsuitable buildings when superior ones might have been erected with very little extra cost. Another subject demanding attention was the more careful training of young men to occupy their pulpits. In other spheres of life men needed training in order to efficiently discharge their duties, and this was imperative in !the high and holy work of preaching the GospeL He thanked them for the confidence they had reposed in him in electing him as their President, and hoped his year of office would be one of great prosperity. The Rev. T. Hillman was then elected Secre tary, Revs. J. Stoyel and W. Richards Journal and Duplicate Secretaries, Rev. R. Kelly Cor I'fisponding Sr cretary, and ReVs. T. McNeil and J, Raymont Reporters to the Press. The hours for meeting were then fixed at half-past 9 a.in. to la o'clock, and from two p.m. to 5 o'clock. In the evening the Rev. Thomas Hillmcn preached the Conference sermon, tailing as his text Acts xi. 34. He informed the congregation that the Rev. J. Hancock, of Bowden, had been appointed to take this service, hut his recent - severe affliction had .prevented him doing so; under the circumstances he would do his best. He spoke first of the religious and ministerial character of Barnabas-" A good man, being fall of the Holy Ghost," &c.; The Divine Spirit was the fountain of light and love, and to be filled was to be taken foil possession of by this Spirit. Secondly, the close relation between this character and success in the work "And much . people," &c.; They not only joined the Church, but were led to the Lord. This was the highest success that a minister could have. His preaching was something more than an intellectual treat-it led men to the Lord. If we had similar good ness and faith we should most certainly succeed. The sermon, which was a clear practical dis- ? course, lasted about 40 minutes. At the close of the sermon the sacrament of the Lord's Supper was administered to the members of Conference and others connected with the Church who remained by invitation of the' President. 