MUSEUM MUSINGS. TO THE EDITOR OF THE MERCURY. SIR,-There is in human nature a love of the marvellous which modern science strives to satisfy. The mystic stories of ghosts and ghosts have faded and left a void that the wonders of nature tend to fill In almost every city in the world there is some public expenditure to satisfy curiosity. Libraries, reading rooms, museums, and almost every one has his private curiosities as well. If these objects be . kept merely to gratify a craving for the marvellous, and are prized for their rarity alone, or their abnormal characters, they hold a place little above the sea serpents and the mermaids and the bunyips, fabled monsters that have excited many a stare. While, however, museums serve to gratify the mere curiosity of ordinary observers, they have a higher use to the student of nature And it is this for which they were at first established. They are educating media of the highest value, and serve to enforce and imprint ICSSOUB which could not be learned without them. But to be tliUB of use they must needs have their collected objects named, arranged, and classified. If not they become recep tools for a mass of curiosities, and do not deserve support. It is a matter for great regret that the Museum of Hobart Town is so very badly planned and exhibited. One of the first things I did on my arrival was to visit the Museum, hoping to find specimens peculiar to Tasmania duly collected and arranged. My hopes roses I saw " Geological Museum " in large letters on the stair-case. But first for the shells. Fine specimens indeed, but had I not known before the proper places of the various genera my conchology would soon have been topsy turvy, and I should not have known which was highest a murex or an oyster. The Brachiopoda are placed in the middle of the cases, and there is some attempt at arrangement for a time, but then we have mingled together, Conus, Murex, Cypraea, Pecten, Terebra, Ostrea, Voluta, and others without names or references of any kind, and after that there is again an attempt at arrangement. Now would it not be a very simple thing to arrange all these in their proper order, and beginning with the Brachiopoda (Lingula etc.) at one end, to arrange all the bivalves in their proper order, and finally the univalves, freshwater and all, till you arrive at the highest genera, such as murder and fuscus. This would be very simple and instructive. It would require no extra space, and surely there are educated men in Hobart Town who could arrange these shells, etc. Sad at heart I went up stairs. Splendid geological diagrams and a collection of typical fossils that are highly creditable as far as they go-but confusion worse confounded why are they huddled and jumbled together and poked into corners where they cannot be seen without the observer assuming most unbecoming and ungentlemanly positions. I begin to doubt whether the \- silurian rocks are not a part of the Eocene, and the upper pleistocene are placed on a shelf above which is " Cretacious " in large letters. Purbeck stone and upper eocene pleistocene, upper chalk, and lower green sand all mingled, and in some cases you see mysterious boxes labelled " Rhubarb Pills," and " Gent's Number Six," whatever age of geology they may belong to. If the primary or palaeozoic fossils were placed by themselves, as well as the secondary or mesozoic and the tertiary or the eminence in order of age, the public would gain some little knowledge of their position. And really the collection of fossil bones and the gases from the later deposits of England are extremely good. Why not arrange them and give the public the benefit of teaching that you have all the materials for. It would be a matter of interest to know of the lions and tigers and horses that lived in England in those sunny days, and surely the Tasmanians could appreciate such information, but there they lie, some broken and destroyed on the bottom shelf, while pillars separate;! from them by centuries of ages that it is futile to reckon by years, are placed near them arranged, or disarranged, and teaching no lesson but this Some animals existed in some geological formations some time and somewhere. It seems some a sad disgrace to Hobart Town that their museum should thus be kept. If it were properly arranged it would be a source of great pleasure to all who saw it. It would teach useful lessons and fill rightly the place intended. For the people, if it convey any impression, it is a wrong one, and scientific men must either laugh at it, or else summons with difficulty their formulated knowledge, and assume ungraceful attitudes in their Puzzled endeavours to investigate and suppose the apse of years and the pressure of business have dulled the memory that came bright and fresh with its knowledge from the University. How pleasant it would be to recall lost knowledge by a rapid glance, better still to have opportunity of retaining it by constant reference to a correctly organised plan. I am, sir, etc, E. C. S. P.S.-Where are the Eohinoderma The finest fjpatangus ever saw was at Hobart in a private peace. Surely there are as good fish in the sea, " [We are aware that the grant-in-aid has always been miserably insufficient for the proper display of all the objects in the Museum, but we are also aware that everything which is possible, (under the circumstances) is being gradually done for their scientific arrangement. On making enquiries we find that the conchological collection in the lower room is arranged in proper order ; the sequence, however, has been slightly disturbed, owing to the temporary displacement of the cases to gain room for other objects. The fossils referred to were removed from their former position to their present site to'make'room for the minerals, and the late (Werumont geologist, Mr. Gould, (whose geological and general scientific knowledge few will question) agreed with the Curator in thinking that the arrangement, for a temporary one, was sufficiently good. It would, we think, have been well had the writer asked for some information from the Curator on these and other points referred to in his letter. ED. J.] L 