HAMLET'S HAIR. j -?- TO THE EDITOR OF THE HERALD. . _ | SIR-It is a somewhat paltry conceit that represents Hamlet as red-haired. This has been done by some great modern actors, and is also done by the present very intelligent and instructive performer at the Victoria Theatre. I can imagine no ground for this small novelty, unless it be that Hamlet was a Dane, and the Danes, as a race, may be said to be light haired, although there are as many of them dark as light. If this is all that can be said for the extravagant proceeding it is surely wrong, and if ten times more could be said for it, it would still remain an absurdity', an outrage upon nature, which one would think " was from the purpose of playing, and worse than all clearly condemned W the text of the play so far as conclusive inference is concerned. For instance : Hamlet's mother is represented as a dark-haired lady-, although there is nothing in the text on the subject. The ghost of Hamlet's father, as he appears to Horatio and others had a beard as Horatio saw it in his life, a sable silvered," namely', dark tinged with grey. "Well, then, if the text of Shakespeare tells us j for certain that Hamlet's father was a dark-haired man, and no one ever saw his mother performed but as a dark- j haired woman, what can be the meaning of the affectation and grotesque absurdity of making Hamlet appear with a i Homing head of red hair ? If technical accuracy- is aimed at, I on the assumption that every Dane had red hair," then why not make Hamlet speak broken English with a foreign accent ? If the performer of Hamlet has himself light hair, let him wear it if he wishes to appear natural. If he happens to have dark hair and wilfully disfigures himself by arraying himself in a light wig, the penalty he pays to outraged nature is a strange, unnatural, ghastly . incongruity between his hair and the expression of his face, which is formed to suit and harmonise with dark hair and not with light. This is a severe penalty to pay for the gratification of a mere whim 1 of not the slightest importance in conveying a correct impression of Hamlet the Dane. . . it only all the more proved the genuineness and sterling merit of Mr. Dampier's performance of this great part that it rose high above this palpable disfigurement, and as displaying a keen penetrating research and far- reaching insight, was intelligent and instructive, and threw much light upon a character and play that has puzzled the profoundest and ablest of critics." If Mr. Dampier did not succeed in " plucking out the heart of Hamlet's nij'sterv*," he gave us a bold original version of the character, lucid and luminous, and in the highest degree interesting and attractive to every lover of the great dramatist's greatest part. I remain, Sir, your obedient servant,. DAVID BUCHANAN. Smith's Hotel, Orrtnge, February 17. 