THE PARLIAMENT house OF ASSEMBLY. Thttbsday. June 14. The Speaker took tbe un&ir; at 2 o'clock. PETITIONS. Mr. BRIGHT presented a petition fr-m 462 residents in the Hundreds of Alma, Dalkev. Balaklava. Inkerman. Govder. 8tow, HalL Upper Wakefield, Cameron, Jsv-erara, uiyin, uunt, Barenga, Boucaut, Hart, Milne, Koolunga, lackamoorundie, and others, holding 151,989 acres of land, praying for the construction of a lina of railway from Hamley BridRe to Balaklava. Received and read. Mr. 8INCLA1K presented a petition from 25 residents of St. John's Wood, praying for the extension of the water supply to that neighbour* hood. Received and read. PORT BROUGHTON JETTY. Mr. MANN asked whether the Government intended to take steps to erect the new jetty at Poit Broughton in time for the next harvest. The Treasurer bad not on ibe previous day Quite answered his question as he desired. The point was— would tbe Government commence the jetty at once? The TREASURER (Hon. R. D. Ross) said the Government could not begin the work at once, because no money had been voted for the purpose. He did not think there was much probability of the jetty being finished in time for next harvest. Mr. MANN asked the Commissioner of Public Works whether the Government would begin the work at once if he got the House to agree to a motion in its favour. The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS (Hon. J. Coltou) said if the bon. member suc ceeded in passing such a motion tfie Government would consider what action they would take. (Laughter.) Mr. MANN— Then I pive notice that on tbe next private members' duy 1 will move tj that effect. FINANCIAL. Mr. HAWKER asked when the Estimates and tbe Excesses on Votes would be laid on the table. The TKEA8UKKK (Hon. R. D. Koss) said tbe Iffititnates would in all probability be laid on tho table on Tuesday, June 26. (Hear, hear.) The Excesses on Votes could not be laid on the table until they bad been audited. He thought they would be presented about the 20th or 23th of July. ENROLMENT OF VOLUNIEEK8 AT GLESELU. Mr. WIGLEY asked if another day was to be appointed for the enrolling of volunteers at lilenelR. The COMMISSIONER of PUBIJC WORKS (Hon. J. Colton) said the Enroll m Onicer had been instructed to make another appointment for Glenelg. (Hear, bear.) THE DREDGER W1LLUNOA. Mr. BOWER asked—' If the Government con sider it advisable to work the steam dredger Wil lunga at night-time, with the view of getting deepening operations carried out as quickly as possible?'' The TREASURER (Hon. R. D. Ross) replied :- ' The Government do not consider it advisable to work the steam dredger at night-time, as to do so it would be nectBsarv to keep two complete crews at work. This would be very undesirable, as the question of divided responsibility would at onco arise; besides, the amount of extra work done on a dark ni^ht would not compensate for the increased expenditure. It is undesirable to work machinery night and day, as no time is thon given to do small repairs. The dancer of mooring and unmooring and Etecnung a vessel like the Wiilunga tn and out in a narrow channel wheu t-hc would have to turn every tiine in the dark would ho considerable. Instructions have been given to work the dredger from daylight to dark irrespective of hours.' THE POKT-KOAD. Mr. SINCLAIR asked-11 If it is the intention of tbe Government to muke provimon ou the Esti mates for putting the Port-road iu a good state of repair?' The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS (Hon. J. Colton) replied :-' Provision will be made on the Estimates of 1877-S for putting this road in a Food state of repair.' OCEAN TELEOIUPHY. W r. KIN G asked— ' W hethei any communication has been received by the Guverument respecting a new and cheap system of ocean telegraphy : if so. the nature of the communication aud the name of tbe ptroon from whom received?' Tl.e /niMSTKK of AGltlOULTUIlE and EDUCATION (Hon. E. Ward* replied:-' A letter has been received by the Government from Mr. G. W. Cotton, as agent for MuKsrp. R. Barker & Co., respecting a new and cheap system of ocean tele graphy. The tenor of Uie communication is that it is proposed to lay a cable on this new system from England to America, and if it proves success ful Mepsrs. R. Barker ^ «Jo. will be willing to lay a similar .cable to Perth via Madeira, Cape Venl, tt. Htkna, Cape of Good Hope, and Mauritius, if subsidized by the Imperial and Colonial Govern ments. Further communications on this subject are promised.' BISHOP BUGNION. Mr. KRICHAUFF asked—' la the Government still curtying on a correspoudeuce with Bishop Burnion with a view of introducing immigrants inio the Northern Territory; what in the total amount received by Bihliop Bugnion ; und ia any further eum due to him?' The MINISTER of AGRICULTURE and EDUCATION (Hon. E. Ward) replied :-'Tno Governriicut are not cartj ing cm any correspon -1ence with Bishop Busmen. A letter, finally de clining to entertain hk I'rrponnle, was forwarded to h in on the 19th of March, Ib77, in consequence of the replies received by tbu Uoveniment to the enquiries on the subject, made ai Mauritius. The total sum received by iiishop Bu^uiou ia £7f»0, and nothing more is due to him, tlio last payment bung niurie ou the condition thut he gave a release iron) all further claimn.' (Hear, lie.ir.) DEFALCATION* IN THE EDUCATION OFFICE. Mr. KING atked— 'Is there any truth iu the rumour that serious defalcation* bavo been din covered in the accounts of u clcik in the Kdueation \- 'ftice ; if so. to what amount, and wlrit mepsthe Government have taken or intend to take in the matter?' The MINISTER of AOKlCULTUJtlS and EDUCATION (Hon. E. Ward) replied:-' A de ficit ncy to the amount of £210 124. 2-1. waudi8 covered in the accounts of a ck-rk hi theotliceof the Council of Education. The nuiomit wan imme diately paid into the Treasury, and tho clerk has bet n ditmiiRKed. The matter hm been pUced in the hands of the Crown .Solicitor tor further pro ceedings.' pBILL-lNSTUrUTOKS. Mr. JOHNbUfs wkeii— ' Aro the ? Jover.inient i-Aaie if there is a sufficient tinmt.er of men in the .o'ony competent to tint! l..(hl(i men!'1 The COMMISSIONS of -'t;UMC WOKKS (Hon. J. Ooltor) replied : -'The I'nveinnmnt be itvether-i will tie no ditlkulty in ini'liui a suMi ?ient number --f nieu iu Ibe colony on-patent to drill 1.000 men.' BUMAL OF BODIES WASHED A9HOBB. Mr. HAWKEK aeked— 'l.lf the Government consider that the proper way to dispose of the bodies of persons drowned and wanned on shore in merely to bury them in the sand on the beach y 2\. Do tbe Government propose to give the bodies washed on shore from the Geltwood decent burial in the nearest cemetery T 3. If not, will there be any obstacle placed in the way of the public at Mount Gambier doing bo?*' The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WOKKS (Hon. J. Colton) replied :— ' The Government have received no information on this subject, bat have civen instructions by telegram to enquire into the matter and whatever steps that may be necessary.' BAKUNGA HAILWAY. Mr. DU5CAN asked—' Whether the .Govern ment intend to introduce a Bill this session pro viding for the extension of the Barunga Railway I' The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS (Hon. J. Colton) replied:— 'It is nut the intention of the Government to introduce such a Bill during, this KbsioD.' CADETS IN THE SURVEY OFFICE. Mr. LINDSAY asked-' Why are the cad. -ts employed in the Survey Office and with the field stall not enumerated in the Blue ? book, while cadets in all other eft; sea of the service are no enumerated '( The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC W0RK8 (Bon. J. Colton). for the Commissioner of Crown Lands, replied— 'Cadets arc on the provisional arid teaporary st ati until th« fourth year of their service, and as the four cadets employed in the Harvey Office have not been employed more than three years they are not enumerated. Att3ntion having bef n called to the matter, their names will be given in future.' SURVEY OF LAND IN THE HUNDRED OF TICK BRA. Mr. DUNCAN a*ked— *'Do tbe Government i- tend to order, without delny. the survey of land at Peela We-la, Hundred of Ticfeera?' The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS (Hon. J. Colton), for the Commissioner of Cnowit L&KD3;, replied :— 'Two field parties will shortly be engBged iu tbe survev of the Hundred of Tickera, including Peela Weela.' NORTHFUN TEEBITOUY GOLD- FIELDS.. Mr. KAY a*-ked— 'If the Government are m posfession of any recent reports from the Nortoern Territory on the subject of the gold-bear ing reefs, and if there is a«iy objection U -such being made PUTherMIN-ISTER of A&IHCULTDBB; and EDUCATION (Hon. £. Waid) replied:- A reucrt on the Northern Territory go.d fields has beVn received from the Chief Warden by the last nitlil There i« no objection to Iu being mwie imblic '* He had anticipated ihe wi»h of tfie hon. roi niber. and would lay the report on the table that af lei noon. MOUNT GAMmKR AND RIVOLI BAY KA ILrfW A Y ? The Hon. 1*. GLYDK allied— 'How soon tbe Mount Gambier and Itfvoli Bay Railway will be ^ThTcOWMISSlONER of PUBLIC WORKS (Hon. J. Colton) replwd-' The surveys are com pleted, and the specification, plans, and sections are tain? prepared as rapidly a.i possible. The? wiil be lithographed and be ready for inspection of tenderers in Adelaide in about six weeks from this ? ate ; and as it is necen«Kry to forward copies of the plariB, &c;, to New Z -aland and the adjoining coloDieB in obeiience to a resolution of the House of Assembly, tenders caunot be received for ao* ceptance before the l*t of October next, and the works will in all p-nhahility be commenced within the month of October.' -ORTHFRN TERRITORY GOLD-FIEL'S. The MINISTBR of AGRICULTURE and EDUCATION (Hon. h. Ward) lai 1 on the taMe— Rtport of the Warden on the Northern Terrtory G'l'indds. To be printed. Kcu- ADJOURNMENT. Mr. RAMSAY moved- ; r : f : ; 'That the Home at his risihtj da adjourn^ unt'l' Tuesday, the Sb'th.day of.J.uie. ;»nl that the Notices of Motion and Orders ot the Day for next wee k be Notices cf Motiun ai*d 'JrJecs of the Da/ for corresponding days iu the following week.' The holiday would occur on Wertnewlay, and it would be inconvenient to country memhera to come down to town on Tuesday and then again o.i Thursday. ,. - . In answer tn Mr. Gltoe. . , . The SPivAKEE said Notices of Motion alreaav down for the 16 k and two foUowi-ig days woul I take precedence of those which would be poai poned if the present motion were agreed to. , Camed VACCINATI0N LAWa The ATTOKNEY- GENERAL (Hon. J. C. Bra ) moved — . ? 'That he have leave to introduce 'a Bill for an Act to consolidate and amend the lawa relating o vaccinatio.,.' ' Carried. ,,,'-? The Bill was introduced and r. ad a first tim ?, the second reading being made au Order of ti.e Day for June 2K. DISEASES OF STOCK. The COM MISSION tuR of CKUtfTN LANDS (Hon. J. Can) moved— 'That the H-«u-e resolve itself into a Committee of the whole (-.r ihe rurpt«Keof considering the la* relatit g 10 the diseases of stock. Carried. In Committee. The COMMISSIONER of CKOWN LAND i (Hop. J. Carr) s»i-i ihv re*.-i'ii why itic motion f--r the inin duction of this Bill wa* ma-ie in Oom mittee » as that certain fees were provided tor iu it. The subject witn wtiicii the Bill Ueatt waa one of prest iniiortanee. I* had l-6t-n cre'iT'ly prepare I under the direction - t' ti eOlii^f Insittc.orof Scock. who had been iucounnuiucauon with cue [nspecto ? of the other co!'iiie-i. He moved- 'That the Chairman be directed to mote tne lico*e that leave be given to intn duee \i Bill f-r :in Act i.» consolirtaie and anieuu the laws relating Cu disease* of stock.'*' Mr. HAWKER imadned that 'h; Bill was to »?* brought in in consequence of the meeting of the Inspectors which w.s held si-me months ago in Melbourne, he understood that similar action would be taken in the other colonies, so as to pre vent the introduction into Australia of tno^e diseases which ha-l beeu so deflating to stock ia Europe and n England. Mr. PLAYFOKD supposed provision would be made for the owners of stock to pay the cost of inspection. The U».\\!VI**ION*Et: of CKOWN LAND. (Hon. J. (.an) j.aid that was the case. As to th ; point 1a set) by Mr. Hawker. 1 e might svy that h ? believed similar measured haii b^eu introduced iu the otiiir cuKi.i.s. Icere w-m come dnTerene between ihst Bill ;«nd the one in Victoria, bu; th diflerence was unly in detail. Carried. The Ilcu.se returned, the resolution was renorte' and acree-i to, aud t'.e Commissioner of Crown Law's and Attorney-General were appointed u. (Jomuiittee to prepare and bring in a BilL J'EKP I'RALnAGU. The ATTl-RNTEY-GENr.RAL (rion. J. C. Bwj) moved—: . 11 That he have leave to introduce 'A Bill fir- an Act to authorize the Corporation of the Ci:y ot Adelaide to efftcc certain drainage improvement . and to authorize the borrowing of a certain sum u: money for the pur; ose.' ' He hoped to he able before the second reading of the Btil to have plans ready, and he would ttieu Mve full information as to the scheme proposed. The SPEAKEK asked if it was intended to pledge the colony to the payment of themone. raised by the bonds. 1 he ATTOP.NEY-GENERAL (Hon. J. C. Bray) \- No; they will be raUed on the Corporation's own hoi ds. Can ied. CKOWN LANDS CONSOLIDATION BILL. Adjourned debate on the second reading. Mr. BLYTb said he laboured under the disad vantage of not having been in the House la-si sef-sion when the provisions of the Bill were under ifiscussion. It was an important measure, and one which should obtain careful consideration at the lauds of lion, members. He should confine hu» ttmaiks chit fly to the laws relating to the aliena tion of the waste lands of the Crown in fee-simple, :is he was well attainted with that branch of the subject. He had closely watched the alteration of the land laws from time to time and had taken part in the legislation on the subject. Fiat. however, t;e would say a few words as to the pro vision referring to the mineral laws. He heartily ucijuitEttd in the liberal policy lureshadowed in that brat.ch (f the Bit. He would like it to be clearly stated how the 5 per ceu'. en thd profits was tu be levied— whether on the actual iliviiltnds oaid or en the operations of the Company carefully ascertained. If the latter were the c ise then he buppoeed the iterations at each nui.e would have to be reckoned m accordance wi.ti b- m: particular plan and scale proposed by the Government. The chief point of his question was whether an iilow ance would be made for interest on capital in ested lefore the pn tits were taxed to contribute to tne income cf the State. There was a great oiffere .ce between a M i ing Company pusing a large dividend after having ixt emled a laroe amount of capital a id another Company paying a large dividend o.t ot indits dented fioin the extreme ri:hue*-s ot tie gioutid rarher than out of capital they ha-t ex pended, i! ear, hear.) Whatever the rate of the uupobtii i-houW certainly have lefereuee not only to lh^ re-u 1* ot ihe mining ei.ttvnrise but also to t e anioun 0 cap tal imes e '. oaie people would sa that nothing could be called piofit until they had got back the whole of the capital ex pended. He, however, did not wish that to be thought his own sentiment on the question. He did not think it would be reasonable to do that. Of course, with leasehold property and a laige aim ?win of c ipita) » xpendeJ u^-on it, a right und . stiehliric By 31 em of LOuk keeping should be adopted, ?nd the b-st system was to so manage a? to restore as much as possible of ca i:al during the tourse of the lease. It would be much better to settle this question now once for all on sound principles th.m to be passing Acts year aft.T year itlatn;g to certain particular lenses which might be attracting attention at tr e time. (Bear, hear ) It was lar better to deal with the question ginerally as a whole. (Hear, hear.) It was scarcely neces sary for him to eay that he did not wish to lay claim to any if the gratitude of the community for the wealth that had accrued— if any had accrued— from the alterations of the land laws which had been made during the last eight or nine years. He trusted ihat the result of that legislation which had occupied so much of the time of the country, both in and out of the wal:s of Parliament, m-ght be for the benefit of the colony at large; but; while he said that he couht not claim a scintilla of the gratitude of the pto[leif it was a good re-uit, hedid not think that the result could be fairly gauged or estimated within the h etime of those whom he was address ing. (Htar, hear.) Twenty or thirty years, or probabiy a full genera iou. must pass before the full t fleet of those land laws could be tsthua'itd. He hoped that they would then be found to have been beuericial that the country would be then covered with smiling homesteads and ptcspeious f.-rins — (dear, hear) - and that the land would be held by a numerous noouta ion enjoying that state of existence described in the Scriptures as neither poverty nor riches, the s -il I eing held and tilled by a yeoman. y who would be a moral, religious, upright commuuity, spreading happiness around them. That the wealth of the community should increase and their ha:-p'.n233 enlarge year by - ear was his sincere ho ye, buc they were not sure that such would be the case. There were other possibilities which rui»ht ue the result of the land legislation we had attempted. It might be the resu.t of these laws that the country would be held, for a short s-a-ou and worked out uy agri iil uiUtf, wLo. af er t k'tig away t ??* richnetB of the EOil, would retire buck and back like a devour ing hoide to find fnsU wooda and paatuiesnew; and that on tl.ei'- moving away the land mos favourably si uated in regard to the seaports would fall into the hands of a rave of shepherd Kings and the community be divi led into the ver-' rich and vtry poor. That wa- the most unfortunate st.tt2 of things that could arise in any country : but he did not say that that would be the result, ami felt that he must speak on this matter with the mcde:ty of a beaten inin. And even if he had many who sympathized wit!i him on many points of legislation known as land rtfoim he wouid not think it right to teat the ft ehug of the House or make any effort to up*et or alter the d rection of land legislation. He held i» au an important principle in politics that there should be no reprisals, and after a law had been endorsed by one Parliament after another it was the duty of these who came after, not to upset them, but to enact what would do the least evil and the mi Et good. (Hear, hear.) He would ask hon. membirs to believe him when he said tuat was Iii3 Himere desiie in giving his attention to ihe Bdl —(Hear, tear) -to promote the good and efficient working ot the lands of the colony by the agricul turist. It was not well that those who ruled to-day should materially change laws which had been established and largely endorsed, and that was a p inciple which the wise aud thoughtful ia the niothei-country saw the advisability of following. There were, no doubt, many measures that the Imperial Government of Great Britain would have carried in a very different shape had they been able to do so whin they were passed; but now that they found themselves ia the position of having a majority they very properly looked upon it as wrong to attempt to reverse the policy which hid letn solemnly affirmed by the country. There weie Beveral clauses that he would have to refer to iLdividually, a* hon. members had addressed thetn telvts to the matter in that way, and he did not tee from the peculiar nature of the subject bow anything else could have been done. Great prin ciples cropped up in the middle of clauses, like diamonds ? that only made their appearance 10 the explorer in the mine, or beautiful flowers that presented themselves suddenly to the investi gating eye. One great principle that he would first iefer to was the system of auction now proposed. Those who had followed the course of land legisla tion were aware that its great principles were five in Dumber— free selection, deferred payments, occupation, cultivation, and limitation. As regards free selection, the practical difficulty had arisen that it was Bimply impossible, because two or more person; might wish to fiee-select the same piece of land— daughter)— and as it was physically im possible fot two persons to occupy the same spot at the game time it was a parallel case tuat; two persons could not at the same time occupy the same land. A system of limited auction had been suggested to get over the difficulty, and that modified vras now known as the system of auction by chi ice. An hon. member had given notice of rno\ ing for the system of selection by tender, and that he thought would be by far the wisest plan. (hear, hear.) He was in one icbtance as advanced a lane reloimer as the province contained. He thought it a vtry great principle that the Bute should not occupy ihe position of the commercial dealer, whefce ouiy it was to obtain the highest tree f. r the article he had to sell, for in one sense the laud Lelocged to the State after it waa dia posed of. Itwonl'J be quite cvts's'.ent thit the t-'overorcent should ra.x iae lanU 6old for the defence of the 'c-£o;ty-'.'*r,d'-'C-i other public' purpose^ aud it wa*- not- Therefor-- ^«-li .u.»i the Stuu vhonld »x:r.;cr int»-bvhe-,t price. from, persons becoming pi;,cua*er-. W.iit w.n to be ileoded vrae prmcitally wiwt peroon si onld n*ve. the land, and me htstum «f icn.i«-r was tU-rt-mre a. very iiefir-«t-le one, giving the' person who selejtel nue to covlly arrivr a *Juc {?« uvnsiilered vie r. ir value or the Jaini. The Chairman of C 'Uiuiueta be was sure w«.»ul-i «gr«.*e *ith dim that at auction person* fttquemly wme urgal liy the HX't:ivienc if eoniix tition 10 ? fier mare than they w.m d -ia if all -wed moie time ana ac ing uiwu their cjolef judgment He had sooken of important prin cipltalying hidden u- the luidiibof a clause, aud he » as confirmed in the truth 0' She remark by the macy members preceding him who had made re marks well worthy ot attention, ami showing ih.t they had given considerable attention to th- sut. ject. A* clause 31 he s *w thai it *as the mtt ution « f the Government that L2S0 acres should be the exttut of laud that i=uy individual Bhould be abld to purchase upon credit— not neces*arilv, v.-i understood, at one time, bat tha: having pur chased that amount he had exhausted his right of purchase again opou credit. (Hear, hear.) He would respectfully draw the attention of the Houte to ti=e fact that that was uu ciitiici) ue-r prmcipK. He did not *ay that it was a wrou^ one. Hj uiig -t think a utterly wrong and ..pp (-e-i 10 -m1 estv* bliahed pnrcip'es or p.j icical ecoi:o.iiy; but he crid not care ' e- wa«te inn: in niiktn^ remarks of that naMu*. He would si.i-pl-- ask the . House whether the clause could be carried out. The old principle wa* that a peuon should not hold more laml than a certain amount upon credit, and that was easily discovered from papers: bur.ti.is new pn-ic.p:c caul, iuc be carri»d out in practice, ati-i wo-iltl i-nly incrua^tf the evasion which he u- deraiuud it whs the desire of the Legislature to tiimiuish .»s tor as pos^ibli-. He wai- uifeappuintetl with clause 27, as nc dA not tbihk it au improven-eni. upon the existing lam) laws. It pnivirte-i f-' thesrlectur a coiupu 'Oty credit ot nne years. (Minister of Agr.cultur ? auu Education — 'Ao; clause 25') He admitted the excellence of clause 2&, but was postpon ing the satisfactory task of expressing his approval of it for a moment in order to cousider this. Thi. clause was really oppressive upon the mail wh - wanted to clear his land. However the Almighty mhJu bids them 71th good a.uil bountiful ha vests, that man waa not to be allowed to go into the Laud Office and pay for his land. This was a great evil and a most unfair thing. (Minister ot Agri culture aud Education— 'No.') It was ino.-t untair to rorce a compulsory credit of inue years upon a willing purchaser. That was no inconside rable portion of the averaze human life. At the end oi six years, having laithfuily performed the covenants that he had entered into and made the improvement*! that he had eugaged to make— for he was arguing on the assumption that the selector was an honest man -it was hard tu make it compulsory on him to be ia dtbt, which meant a time of embarrassment. (Minister of Agriculture and Education — 'fio.'i In the 28th clause he was glad to see that permis sion wau given to a man to reuuee his interest pr- pnitioi a.ely by paying a hundred pounds at cert tin times. That was what was wanted, so that in good tune*, when a man had money to spare, he could reduce his mortgage. He highly approved of trio provisions of tlie 57th clause, providing for the alien.aion of email sites fur schools, churches, hos pitals, atd such institutions to be effected without difficulty. This was an entirely new clause, aud appealed to be hbeial and wibc and crcdicaoie ti the Government. He consideted that there wa. sufficient that was good in the measure to call for his support, and he would have supported it eren had he not Been that there was a majority in its lavour. There were, however, clauses that he would feel himself bound to oppose, and one of these, he waa surprised to see, had notbeenre feuel to by those who hud gone before him. The bon. member for Wooroora h;id referred to it. The poet had spoken of 'damning with faint praise;' but Air. Bright had appiauned this with faint cen sure. In the present law the penal provisions oi the Act for the prevention ot wnat witn a disregard to the English language was calied dummyism were allowed to be put in force by the Governor in Council, which might be taken as a parallel in a Miiali way of the Privy Council at noine. ('Mo.') Tne tribunal at auy rate migh. be fairly presumed to give the matter a propei consideration, but this cause placed it iu ihe p.jwei of the Commissioner of Crown Lands not rnerel to punish for an overt act which he mght satisf, himself about, but for an inteution— for on eniotiou of the nund. The imen:iou oi the selector -it the um= he made the application wis to be judged o by the Commissioner of Urowii Lauds, due 1 u law he could not understand, 'inert; was no mm in -*hi*e power he wouid rather be than m that o? he p;eocut Commissioner, bat iie kue.v that with his old frieud the member f jr. 1'jtala. lie *ouid not uudei this clause have a ghost of a chance. iL^ughter.i fcpeaking of clause 47, one of the pcijfl clauses— he must. kter- wtlhin the ru.ea of .tie House and speak reapec fuliy of the laws, but thib piovisio ? was not yet law, and he hoped never would be — it gave the Commissioner power not only 10 examine a niau in sucn a way thai ne inighi criminate himself, bui so thai he in ght do tut; same thing by others— his ne ghb juts, it was evident trcm this not naviug being reierred to by speakers who bad preceded mm tlut there had not been time allowed tor the proper consideration o; ihe 1 ill. The Commissioner under tne cUuie tit had referred to was author zei tu examine or tiave die selector examined ' touching and cuoceruing any land undsr agrecm:iif, und touching or con cerning .the compliance bj nim or by any other holder of land under agreement with or the breach orv.oation by him;'' and not only htdne power o have tue man examined touching hi* own affairs, cut the clause went on to say *' or any other noldei ut land under agieemcut 01 the provisions of this Act or any repealed Act or the terms and conditions of any sucli agreement.' It was opposed to British, law that a man should be com pelled to answer questions which would criminate bimaell. but it was wor e that a person snould be compelletl under pain or the xorfeiture ot his property to answer questions that would convict bis ntighbour. {Ho.) Let a man be puuished foi his crimes, but lee him be first convicted of them belt re a proper tribunal. He thought that some torture clauses must have be.n intended, but thai they could not be inserted owing 10 the Commis sioner ox Crown Lands being one of the present Ministry. He would ask the House to look well ut wi.at they were doing in passing sue 11 provisions its v*eie contained in the penal clauses. Let them comider what woulu be the result of putting them in icrce in connection with the collection of Customs duties, and how much more outrageous they would be found if applied as they might be in connection with direct uxa ion in ascertaining the exuee amount that a man should contribute to the revenue of the State. If sucli were the case, and men were not only examined as to their own , nyaie » flairs, but in regard to the concerns ot intk neighbours, what wouid this land become? If iliese piovisicns were not to be enforced, but were ineieiy to be a terror to evildoers, he must fay th -t it was a misfortune to a country mat laws should be put upon the Statute-book which were not to be carried out, and btill more unfortunate if they were only to be put in force in certain cases against unpopular persons. These should be placed in the same category as the laws of Draco, the blue laws of Connecticut, and the damnatory clauses of the Athanasbn Creed. He could not aay mure, but would do his best in contributing any judgment he had in perfecting this measure when in Committee. Mr. KOUKSEVELL approached the subject with si me amount of anxiety and fear, following, as he did, such au eloquent speaker as Mr. Biyto. He would not apply to the question the same method of treatment as the non. member had done, but would treat of the general principles of the measure. He agreed with some of the re marks ot the bon. member, while there were ~thcr niauers in the Bill which he did not interpret as he h;.d done( and which he did not believe would have the pernicious effect attributed to them by the hen. member. He believed that the BUI would be the most important matter which bud been brought under the notice of the present Parliament, (dear, hear.) While he approved of the principle of consolida tion generally, he disapproved of it in the present iDstance, because he regarded their past attempts at land legislation to be of an experimental character. It would have been mucn better, in his opinion, for the Government tu have brought down the measure iu three distinct Bills— (Hear, hear)— and he would suggest that for the future in matters of consolidation, for the guidance of the lay mind, the amendments might be printed in an ink of a different colour, so that they might at once be detected. In December, 1S7J, when in communication with his constituents, he bad recommended the increase of area from t-40 to 1,280 acres, and the reasons which he then gave for the change were Btill potent. Tje portion of the Bill containing this provision would, he hoped, recommend itself to hoa. members— (Hear, hear)— because the most valuable portions of our land were now taken up, and the portion now left was not only inferior in quality, but was further ifrom the seaboard. While he approved of the increased area, he disapproved with equal wariuth of the method adopted in the Bill for the alienation of lands from the Crown. The method contained all the faults of old systems without possessing any of their virtues. Under the piopoted system the farmer would never exactly understand how he stood to the Government, and the accounts would become so complicated that in course of time the Government would scarcely undei stand how the farmer stood to them. Dis approving of this complicated hybrid system of selection, he would suggest to the Government the practice of simple tender. (Cries of ' No.') Ic would simplify matters between the selector and the Government, and would permit of the land being more easily obtained and therefore more rapiuly settled. He would suggest that some such plan as this should be adopceJ-Let the whole hundred be surveyed and subdivided, and allow the selector to examine, and, if he choe, tender for every individual block of the land. This would effect a great saving of time, for if the Belector did not get ODe blocK: he would get another. Supposing the tenders to have been received in one week, the intending selector or hia agent would present himself at the Land Office in the week following, where a tabulated schedule would be prepared showing the whole of the tenders which had been received. The man who had tendered the highest, say for any four or five blocks, might be given the right to choose which block out of the number he would select. Having done so, his name would be ruled out of all the other blocks in the schedule for which he had tendered; and in the course of an hour or two every selector would see if he had obtained land, and if so what land he had obtained. This would aave a man having to visit half a doien areas before he bad a chance of getting a block. Tne mode of payment provided in the Bill would meet in Com mittee with his most determined opposition on account of its complicated and intricate nature. (Ihe Commissioner of Crown Laida— *'lt sverj simple ,') He believed he had as ordinary a know ledge of accounts as the Commissioner of Crown Lands, and in his ophion it was so complicit--d 'that farmers would, have to engagia prpfeauonall ace uitant occasionally to till them how their accounts stood.- (Cneu of '' Ho, 'no.') A system . ot ten annual equal initalments would De Car tu- r-? simple. The tarmer would know bow he stood from time to time, ami ihe Government woe d be able to inform him of his position at any time 0:1 8 tort notice it be failed to remember it. In addition to its simplicity the plan had another qualification which was not possessed b-; any otner system which they at present had in view, which was that it would pi event dummjism. (Hear, hear.) If they wished to Bee dummyism runipant, they could not do better than adopt a system of partial payments. Be was clad to c ngratulate the Go vernmeut upon Fart 3 of the Bill, He believed in . the principle of assisting those who were willing to assist themselves. He approved of the principle under which the Government proposed to deal with inferior lands, although he did not think they wtnt quite far enough in some particulars. Clauses 63 and 6S did not seem to him to agree c -mpletely. He agreed with the clause which affirmed that one who was desirous of becuming the leaseholder with the right of purchase could obtain the five square miles; but if it were meant that only two square miles could be obtained by lease, he thought it would only be helpirg a man to hid ruin He did not think there was any occasion for jealousy or antagonism between the agricultural and pastoral lessees. There was no reason why toe two «:itliiei)t industries should clash. It was generally agued, he believed, that it was L'cctssary in all new lands like this that the gr. zier sh. uld precede the agriculturist. Ihe pastoi-«l tenant must develop roads *nd o:hex woike. for instance, to enable the agriculturist to occupy, in New -outh Wa'es an Act was pas-ed uu 10;h Augutt, 1875, and the 31st clause permitted of a va^toral lt--ee selecting a certain pioportiou of laud suijoundicg auy material improvement that he may have placed upon it, such, for in s-tiiDce, as a wooisheo, 02 the sinking of a well, at the rate of £1 per acr-. While he did not agree that £1 per acre should be the hard-and-fast price, he thought the Government would ao well, and would only be acting justlv towards the pastoral ies*ee. it they made some offer of the kind. The past 01 al lessee would have an inducement to im prove, and the surrounding country would be rendered more valuable. There -was another matter to which he would address himself which' prtssed veiy hardly attimesupon the pastoral lessee. He believed paBtoral tenants as a rule were perfectly willing that the agriculturist should eventually come in upon their land, supposing it to be fit f»r cultivation ; Lut it was very bad when a man, for instance, waa just recovering from the effects of a bad seat on that he should be called upon to re move the whole of his stock at six months' notice. Although the present Commissioner of Crown Lands bad dealt leniently with several cases of hardship which had been brought under his notice he thought it would be a graceful act on the part of Parliament to allow an extension of the notice to twelve months. It would not retard the progress of agricultural settlement, and would enable the pastoral lessee to continue his avocations with greater confidence, 'ihe regulations in existence with repaid to improvements, too, had not given unqualified satisfaction. It might be said that men had the remedy in their own hauds, but he thought there was only one fair way of meeting the case, which was in effect that the moment the Government actually tesumed it they ought to pav the lessee for the improvements upon it. He had fault to find with regard to Part 4 as to travelling stock and the regulations in reference thereto. Toe regu lations were imperfect and feeble, and did m.t grasp the real question or come at the loafers and spongers. (Hear, hear.) JJo squatter objected to pay a fair- he might even say a high rate for travelling stock to market, or for removing his store stock. In drawing eepecial attention to the competency of the regulations he was doing the citizens of Ade laide a good eervice, because the insufficiency of feed resulted in a loss to the whole community ; not only in the enhanced price of stock, but in the loss of tat. W ith regard to Part 5, he would give in his adhesion to the spirit if not to the exact details of the proposed alterations. Some years ago he had advocated a percentage on mining profits instead of a tine. They must all agree with the desirability of developing every mineral lode in the colony, as they were noc only of benefit to thos? imn.ediately concerutd in the operation* buc were admittedly of national benefit .Notwiihstinding the objections be had to some of the details ot the measure, he would be glad to support it. and in Committee to assist m rendering its provisions more workable. He believed that their p-st progress ami their financial soundness in the future depended large)} upon the admimstiation of their land law.'. It s-h^ulo be their study so to administer the land laws -s to encourage a peaceful aui industrious yctmaury, repmeming the national solidity of our race, ar.d bunging to full fruition our national gen us. Great as had been their progress in the past, and woncious as were the evidences of catioi al advancement the present view afforded, they weie only trifles as compared with what we should yet accomplish— 'Graul as are the victories whose monuments we see. These are hut as the dawn that speaks of noon tide jet to be.' (.'.heers ) Mr. P-lAYFOED was not at all sure that he could finish off with such a bu- sc of eloquence— (loui i laughter)- but would endeavour to address him sell to some of the points which had been named by the hon. niemlerforftorth Adelaide. The bon member had complained of the injustice o: restraining a man from completing his purchase when he had means at his disposal. If they wUhed to play into the hands of dummies they could not do better than give a man the fee simple when he chose to ask for it. (Hear, hear.) Even the right to purchase within five years was a mistake. When be was in the neigh i ourhood of Tatiara a selector there had asked him if he knew of any good laud, as he would legally be in a position to complete his purchase within a veiy short time, and wished to \- elect elsewhere. He (Mr. Playford) told him that Pailiamcnt did not contemplate such action when the Act was passed ; and the selector was bound to admit that he tried on the same game in Victoria, t ut that the Victorian Legislature had been too sharp for him. (Hear, hear.) Even under the present Act there were a class of men in existence who were unmistakably land sharks, and who intended completing their purchase as soon as possible and selling out to the pastoral lessee Now that they were about to increase the area there was still greater reason why the time for completing purchase should be lengthened instead of cur. aiied. (Hear, hear.) He was stronglj adverse to ti.oee provisions which permitted of the Commissioner of Crown Lands examining selectors with a view of ascertaining whether they had com plied with the conditions of the Act Every Com missioner felt a difficulty in this matter. He waa not in a position to examine selectors viva voce. He had himself felt that he would have liked inminy cases, before giving a decision, to obtain a great deal more information than was obtainable from the Inspector of Lands; and he would have liked to examine the selector himself, thinking that in some instances doubtful matters might be ex plained. (Hear, hear.) He considered that if they could manage to convict a vagabond or rogue out of hiB own mouth they should do so in spite of what the hon. member for North Adelaide hid quoted as 'the law of England.' (Hear, hear.) Mr. Hawker had referred to olive cultivation, and one or two hon. members had expressed a wish co have some similar clauses introduced into this Bill. Some clauses on the subject were in the original Bill as printed, but in revising it along with the draftsman (Mr. Bakewell) he had struck them out. He did so because he had visited Beveral districts where olive cultivation wa3 sup posed to be carried on, but believed them a mistake. He believed that a great mistake was made iu throwing open some portions of the Tatiara Country until railway communication was made from there to the seaboard. Nearly the whole of the land there had got back into the hands of the squatters. When he was i» office he was asked to throw open 50,000 acres of really good land in the locality, but he declined to do so, knowing that if be did be shoud be playing into the hands of the squatters. Unless a railway were soon made many selectors in the Tatiara Country would have to sell their lands, as they could not cultivate them pro fitably. Some of them had to pay 2s. per bushel carriage to Lacepede Bay, and as they only got 4a. a bushel for the wheat it was not likely they could make a living. Many of them went in for keeping sheep. One man named Hay took up t«o or three sections of WO acres eacn— one for himself, another for his sou, and another for his daughter. The Crown Lands Ranger cot this man tided for having 5,000 sheep more than he was entitled to on the commonage of the neighbourhood. This Mr. Hay had availed himself of the olive planta tion clauses, and had planted the olives in a pecu liar way. He had taken a crowbar, made a hole in the ground, and then stuck an olive in. (Laughter.). These olives grew, aud the man then turned sheep into the so-called plantations, and the sheep nipped the olives. When he went down to the place some two or three years after the olives were plauted he could not see them until he came quite close up. (Laughter.) Mr. Boucaut, as Commis sioner of Crown Lands, had visited the locality a short time before and rather frightened the man about his cultivation of the olives, so trial he had . ploughed up a few furrows and made a sort of attempt at olive cultivation. But the whole thing was a farce, as he at once saw when be visited the place. Unfortunately this was only a sample case, and not an exceptional one. These clauses just enabled peisons to escape the ordinary cultivation conditions without inducing auy bona fide attempts at the production of olives. When he came back to town he had half a mind to make that man forfeit his selections. He wrote out a nonce, wliich was approved by Cabinet, pro* vidiug that the Commissioner of Crown Lands for the time being would not be satisfied with the cultivation of olives or fruit trees unless cairied on in a particular way, which he described. He did not know whether the present Coinmia sioner of Crown Lands intended to carry out that plan, but he supposed he would. Olive cultivation generally waa a mockery, and was only carried on for the purpose of evading the other ordinary cu ti vation clauses. It was not quite the Bame with regard to fruit trees. He knew of one bona fide case in his own neighbourhood, where a man had taken up a selection, planted it with fruit trees, and had built his house upon it with the evident intention of cultivating it. These clauses would need to be carried out with such strictness that they could not be evaded. But how that was to be done was another question. It seemed to him that it would be almost better to insist on the cultivation of lucerne and artificial grasses, and to strike out ihe cultivation of fruit trees and olives altogether. There would be no injustice done, for the person who desired to cultivate olives and fruit trees for profit could do so just the 6ame. He differed from Mr. bounsevell in thinking that the proposed system of selling the Crown lands wa3 a hybrid one. He thought it was the best that could bs adopted. The Commissioner no doubt fouud the system of tender provided for in the Bill as left in he pigeon-holes, but it was not with his approval. He had given way to the other members of the Government on the point. He did not know whether to Mr. Strangways or to Mr. Cavena^h belotified the credit of first suggesting the sy3tem o bidding for choice, as both gentlemen cla'med it; but it »as in hit opinion by tar the best system : it was one with which tne farmers* were already acqu inted. and i: wa» one whicii wouui««rk welL Mr. DUNCAN Baid it ww .hi* imenuuh to pro post; certa n amendments in Cjinmittee, and he would now state his' reasons 'for'»o 'tToIng in order that hon. members might have ait opportunity of weighina them over before the actual amendments weie proposed. His remarks1 would apply chiefly to toe provisions of the Bill having reference 10 mineral lai ds. He approved of the principles upon which the Government had acted in framing the Bill, because he considered that Ions leases and a nominal rental and royalty would coLtriDute more to the development of the; mineral wealth of the colony than the present system. Under a long lease mn es would be worked as they ought to be. and not with a view to getting the largest quantity of metal out of them in the shortest time. But while approving the principles of the Bill, he objected lo the 1b per acre rent and the Is. in the pound sterling on profits. He held that this was an excessive charge, and by contrast it was very different from the way in which the agricultural aud pastoral interests had beeu treated. Assuming the Crown lands to be north £1 an acre, the charge of 1b. per acre on mineral lands was equal to 5 per cent., and the laud remained the property of the Crown, while agricultural land was actually alienated lor only 3J per cent. rent. The charge for mineral lar.d was Is. per acre; for agricultural ' land 8d. . per acre with altennuon. Tlie Govern ment' trow placed a value of 30a. per acie on mineral Janus, and only ~£l per ace on land for agricultural purposes. But not content with this they proposed to levy Is. per pVnnd on the profits made by mining. What would the farmer tlnukif the Government required one out of every i 20 bushels of wheat he gold ; or the &quwer.; if the State demanded one fleece out of every 2-JhesoldT Ana yet the Government professed t- be ''ealing more literally with the mineral interests. He gave them credit for a desire to do so ; but thought he would be able '0 prove that such would not be the effect of the Bill if passed in its present form. A strong argument always adduced in favour of the agricultural interett was that it employed tens and twenties where ones and twos had been before employed ; but mining, if encouraged, would not ou-y d» this ; it would provide for hundreds and thousands where tens and twenties had before been engaged. (Hear, hear.) In Committee he wou'd pripo&e; such amendments as would carry out what he btiii-ved was the intention of the Govemmeut— the liberalization of our mineral Iaw3. (Mr. Cair — 'Hear, hear.') But that intention would cot be carried out by the Bill as it stood in regard to payable mines. To piove this he would compare what the Moonta Mine proprielors bad paid under the old system and what they wouid pay under the provisions of this Bill. (Mr.Carr— 'Hear, hear.') Hekuewit might be urged that the Mocnta Mine was an exceptional one; but he held that although a rich niine like the Mceuta could sUnd the proposed imposts, they would press heaviiy on the poorer mines. (Hear, hear.) The return fiom which he was about to quote he had had prepared last year when a similar Bill to the present was before the HuU3e. taking the average of rents and fines paid by the Moonta pro prietors during the p»st tifteeu years, he found that the average was £1,52:0 per annum. Taking the average cf dividends paid for the same fifteen years, and applv ing tbe proposals of the Govern ment to them, he found that instead of having to p?y £1 520 the Moonta proprietors would have to pay £3,270 per annum, or rather more than double the former rate. (Hear, hear.) Was that libe ral.zation? (Mr. Carr— ' Hear, hear.') Perhaps the Hon. Commissioner woul-J be able to explain it. Of course it would be Baid that a long le use of 99 years made all the difference. If the present leases had been for five or ten years it would have been so; but the fact was that some of the leases he had referred to at the Moouta had 29. 37, 35. and £3 ye&rs; to run. Therefore there was not such a won derful difference between them and a 99- years' lease. It should not be forgotten that iuvesting capital in mines was a very speculative under taking- (Hear, hear) — and a man therefore de serveu his success if he achieved it. (Hear, hear.) be hoped the Commissioner of Crown Lauds would make the intention of the Government clear on one point, namely, whether the percentage would be taken on all dividends paid, or whether the Government would allow a proprietary to lefund themselves any capital they hud invested in developing the mine. (Hear, hear.) He would point out that of the capital spent on mineral properties the great bulk went for labour, ano a very small percentage of it would be available o the proprietors if they wanted to iealze. Tin schedule JNo. 15 he thought the Commissioner ot I rown Lands would find was incomplete. There ought to be a column for the expenses of working am tor the amount of profit, or it would tail to give tie Government the information required. In Committee he should propose in the clause re lating to rent that le. be struck out and rid. inserted, and then that one shilling in the pound on the ?r'iits, wliic.i was equivalent to 5 per cent,, be reduced to 1 per cent. He thought wheu hon. mtn.btrs bore in uiind what be na-i stated tney we uld be inclined to give consideration to those aruthdinei.ts. Air. MUKKAY intended to support the second reading. He could not agree that bringing all the ditl. rent land laws into one measure was prema ture, Lut thought it was one of ibe best things that could be done. Tbe arrangement of the Bill was good, and it showed that the matter Lad been gone into careiully and well wrought out. 'theie were sou e corjsideiable alterations proposed, and it was nectBsary they should be carefully considered. One of vital impottaiice was the increase in the area one man was permitted to hold. That waa a popular alteration; but he must say he looked upon it as fraught with some objections. He had no doubt it mi^ht be for the benefit of agriculturists, especially m ibe case of those lauds which were a long dis tance from a seaport; but he felt that the cardinal principJe of tbe laud law might be to some extent infringed by allowing selections to the extent o: two square miles. The principle of the land law was to settle upon the land a large population— to assist yeomen so that they should be able from their selections to maintain their families in comfort. -ow, of good land, he believed one square mile was quite sufficient for that purpose, and he feared that by extending the area they misht run into the evil -of decreasing the popula tion on the land. It would also increase the com petition for new land. The Bill proposed that present holders of t-;0 acres should be at liberty to select another square mile -(Hear, hear) -and they knew that they would be quite anxious to avail themselves of the privilege. (Hear, hear.) They would thereiore 20 into competition with tne bona tidt- new selectors, who were much poorer, but wished to take up a squaie mile for the purpose of fanning it. The very people they wished to settle on the land would therefore to a large extent be shutout. Those who intended to reside on the land were to have preference over those who did not. In connection with the proposed extension of area, all those who had already selected were per mitted to apply lor an increased area, aud tney suod in the Bame position as new selectors who weie going to reside on the land, so that new appli cant* who bad no land were placed in an inferior position. The f aimer who had already Belected land could not become a resident on his new selection as well as the old, and ought not to have preference over another person who had no land aud wished to select sotne. In the 17th clause there was a provision preventing any Belector taking up two blocks of land which were not contiguous. That was not quite in accordance with the clause which permitted him to occupy two blocks. (Mr. Carr— ' He must not take up two blocks not contiguous on the same day.') Of course that altered the case somewhat. In regard to tbe mode of alienating the land, the syBtein of bidding for first choice might be tried, and might put a stop to some of the abuse which existed at present. The provision that selectors might complete their purchases in five years he conbideredobjfictionable. (Mr. Carr — ' If resident.') He believed the system of obliging those who touk up land upon credit to remain the whole term on the land and not become freeholders till the end of the nine years was the proper one. He did not ibink it would be much benefit to the selectors to be allowed to pay off the principal in small sums. The provision that no more than 1.280' acres could ue selected by any one person during his life was he believed a right one. It » as a common practice at the present time that a man who had selected land as scon as possible disposed of it, and went in again as a selector in another pare of the country to do the same thing over again. The principle of tbe Bill was to settle people in their homesteads upon the land. (Hear, hear.) If they encouraged this migratory propensity the whole object of the BJ1 Would be defeated. (Hear, hear.). With regard to pastoral leases, very few alterations had been made; bethought those that had were im provements. There was one clause providing that new lands should be stocked in four years, to which valid objection had been made. He did not believe that in the far 2*orth they could stock new country in four years. (Hear, hear.) With regard to the value of mineral lands, he could not go with. Mr. Duncan. He thought the value might fairly be put at 1b. per acre, which would be a benefit to poor unproductive properties, while 5 per cent on the dividends of paying mines would not be a hardship. Whilst by that tariff the Moonta might have to pay double wnat it had been paying, they should also bear in mind that it could well afford to pay that,. and in the event of the profit being less the pay mentB would be decreased. (Hear, hear.) He should give his best support to tbe Bui and hoped it would be carried, and he believed it would be one of the best Land Bills in the Australian Colonies. (Hear, hear) Mr. EICHARDS said as far as the agricultural clauses of the Bill were concerned it had been well received except by the hon. member for Norta Adelaide. The increase in tbe area to twa square miles he should support, as he believed it would be the means of throwing open and settling a large area north of Port Augusta. The miner.ii portion of the Bill he believed would be a great improve ment upon the present miueral lawa. He had no hesitation in saying that the present state of those laws had done more to stop new ventures on Yorke's Peninsula than the iow price of copper. (Hear.) The payment oi certain money into the Treasury had been the means of closing ons of the mines and causing tne discharge of a large number of hands who would other wise have continued to be in employment. Clause 1*j said that if any person should seek to obtain a lease of lands upon which, improvement had been made he should pay to the Treasury a sum equal to the value of those improvements. That would be very detrimental, in the New Cornwall property, for instance, very heavy improvements had been made, bui the engiue bouse, &c;, were in quite a different part of the property perhaps to that which a new Company would attempt to work; therefore they would not be of anything like the value which such ltnprove irent would be assessed at. His idea was that the fiist lessee should have six months' notice before forfeiture to remove or sell his improvements, and if not sold they should revert to the Crown to be dealt with as the Government thought proper. He did not object to the Is. per a:re renl, but he had a decided objection to the royalty on the profits. The leEsee paid 9 fair rent, aud he could not see trhy he Bhould pay a royalty on his profits any more tl.an a squatter. Without alluding to the Wallaroo or JdOLDta he would take a nqu-d.viuen.i-pavu g miiie-theBaml^-— and he baa no hesiutu n in saying that the money which it had circulated in the colony in the shape of wages was more Man any half-dozen sheep runs in the colony had done. 11 the proprietors should eventually make a profit he did not see why they should be called upon to pay a royalty out of it any more than the squatter wbo made hU £5,0 0 or £10,100 a year. Many we uld 68} they should make those rich men pay something to the revenue, and he would lie glad 10 tee thtni p3y more than they did. but it must be in an e.uitable manner. He wished they could point to a good many Waiter Watson tiu^rieses— (Hear, htar)— and that there were others who would invest their money as he had doLe for the benefu of the colony. Thia clause set forth tnat no Crown lands held for pastoral purposes should be made ov-;r for mining except by the permission of the lessee; but at present if a man discovered a mine upon waste lands of the Crown he could go upon it at once, and he hoped tbervf ore that this clause woul 1 be struck our, as the holder of lands mined upou would have the right to surface water and other conveniences. Jf this|w&8 retained tlie miner weuld not be able to go upon the land till six months after discovery. He did not sae by tnis what number ot ftet a man was emitted to on a uatier's right, aud w^uld like to know if the regu lations were to be repealed as well as the Act of IStJi ?Ibe COMMIS&IUNISK; of CKOWN LANDS (Hon. J. - arr) -The gold-mining regulations would be re issuud. Mr. lUUtAttblS said clause 102 appeared a mon strous one 10 him. for uuder it the Governor had powtr to grant mineral lenses of not more than xorty acie*. *o that every miner could take out that extent cf ^rtuud under the definition of what minii g was. clause 103, which made tne g -ld- mining lease the same as a copper lease, wou d becess.tate a wardei* for every miner, toseeh'.'W much gold he obtained and bow much he sttould th* left re pay to the state. It wcuidhave beeu well had the Government, in drawing this poitiou of the Act, called in the aid of men who had a practical knowledge of what was sought to be accomplished. Be thougut in alienating lands some reserve should be made of the minerals, both precious and useful: and that was not a new idea of his, for he had seme years ago writteu the Begizter upon the subject. He would i ead purnons ot that letter in order tu show what he desired to see brought about. If the minerals weie not generally reserve*! they should be so on the lands within a short distance of the nines on Voike's Penin ula. He was glad to see agricultuie pros pering there, but at the same time ne thought it should be made easy for a prospector to go upon the asricuhural hinds. In his letter he said :— ?'A. very section sold will narrow the field of mining enterprise, consequently the demand for mining labour aud lower wages for the miner mus; inevitably follow to the injury of all classes. ... What are the benefits derived by trades men from a few farmers settled on the poor agri cultural lauds around the existing mines compared to ibe discovery of only a second or third class copper vein? It is unnecessary to refer to a Moonti lode, but take for example the Paramatta, t The workings of this mine are enly about 300 or 400 yards in length by a few inches to a few feet in width; yet this little spot has been the means of circulating £110.0 u fcteriingin wazes atone, leaving out the £4V.00u paid the shareholders, and whicu has no doubt found its way back again to the district through tbe medium of other ventures. ... The large area in which copper ore has and is being constantly discovered, either in large or small quantities, proves the district to be one vast field of this metal only waiting more experience m mining agents combined with confidence on the part of capitalists to bring its hidden riches to light. . . . The sale of land in the Ballarat and Sandhurst districts in years gone by has curtailed mining operations there. Kich leads have been traced up to the boundaries of land held by wealthy colonists or absentees, and the price demanded for prose cuting tbe search has been such as to bar all further exploration. Thus the paddock which iu all probability would support 500 families for the benefit of the whole colony supports so many sheep tor the benefit of one individual. This nas become a very important question in Victoria, and Bills have been introduced in Parliament to obviate the difficulty,, but as yet without success. Their ex pt rieuce should teach us a lesson, and I am con fident that before many years roll round the aliena tion of this land will be looked upon as one of the most short-sighted acts any Government could be guilty of, and by no section of the community will it be more deplored rhan by the residents of the mining towns of Yoike b Peninsula.' He did not say that there wculd be much difficulty iu getting upon lands to prospect, but the difficulty would come after a rich discovery had been made, as the owners of the laud wouid then want large sums for permitting the miner to mine, and Companies would therefore be 01 evented fiom operating. The question of the reservation of minerals on tands alienated was one of the foremost in Victoria, and Mr. Berry at Geelong had said last week : — ' A Mining on Private Property Bill would be one of the early measures of the session, and he believed that as we had got the decision of the Privy Council that the gold was the property of the Crown, aud not of tbe holder of the fee- simple, they would find that tbe measure would soon piss into law. If B), he was prepa:ed to say that it would be a measure simple in its character, which should aim at giving the s'ightest amount of obstrucion to the men who laboured to jtet the gold from the bowels of the earth, which, being the property of the Crown, was fretly given to those industrial classes who-e business it was to bring it to the surface.' He -»as convinced that in years to come we would have to pass throuuh the same discussion of this subject as Victoria, and it was better therefore to deal with the quertion at once. Another thing much required was the appointment of a competent and experienced Inspector of Mines, without whom he did not see how all the regula tions were to be carried out. He knew that ftlr. Goyder was so in name, but while he did not know that that gentleman was not an experienced mining man he thought it was impossible for him with the number of other duties he had to do to attend to this. The salary of a good experienced man would cot be thrown a-vay, for if tbe resources of this cokpy in minerals were put properly before the British public, and properly reported on, thou siuris. even millions of English capital would be attracted here for investment. He noticed that the Speaker had elevated bis eyebrows when he spoke «f millions of capital being attracted here. The SPEAKLK— The hon. member is not in order in taking notice of anything of the kind. Mr. EICHAEDS wouid say that millions of capital was attracted to America for the same kjnd of investment. He trusted something of this kind would be done, and that the Bill would be inai'e a liberal one. Mr. LANDSE&R;, in looking through the Bill, thought that it seemed to be the intention of the Government to make the law as liberal as possible; and disagreeing with Mr. Blyth upon tbe penal clauses, he thought tbe Goverumeut had a duty to perform to the community iu protecting it from the dishonest; for it was most undesirable to alienate a large tract of land from the Crown and Epend a large amount of money in making railways to render it available for tbe agriculturist, and then allow it to become grass land again. In reference to tbe remarks that Mr. Blyth had made, he must aay that he did not see any hardship to the agricul turist in being prevented from paying for his land for nine years, as he could use the capital other wise and get a good interest for it while he only paid to the Government 'M per cent, upon the money to be paid for the land. (Hear, hear.) It was plain that the intention of the Government was to put the land into the hands of the bona fide settler; and unless tbe Govern ment took stringent measures to save the land fulling into the hands of large landowners he believed we would live to see that state of things a fact. In the mineral clauses he saw the bame liberal intentions, aud while he believed in dealing most liberally with the miner he thought the State should participate in the grand results ob tained by the rich Mining Companies. It might be made a matter of interest. Hedid not believe in Companies having to pay a lump sum, which might be much too Bmall for one and too great for another. There was another matter of serious moment st the present time, and that was the question of the Northern Territory, for in spite of its failures he believed that fifty or a hundred years hence that would be one of the grandest of mineral countries in the world. But if we did not take means to open it up and look after it we wonld find that people of other colonies would, aud at the present time most of the gold being brought away from it was taken by the people of other colonies. He was in favour of giving people a means of getting to tbe Northern Territory and back, and thought it would be well for the Government to issue tickets at a small sum \- (Hear, hear)— which would take people not only from this colony but from other colonies there, and back if they found it did not pay to remain. If that were done, he felt sure the Territory would not long lie as it had lain for some time. The SPEAKER pointed out that the subject of the Northern Territory was not in thia BilL Mr. LANDSEER would not further refer to it, but would, with regard to other matters in the Bill, use his best endeavours to make the measure as peifect as possible when it left the House, (felear, hear.) Mr. TOWNSEND said it must be a matter of great satisfaction to the Speaker and other old members of the House to bear the remarks that had fallen from so many members who had pre ceded him. and to see the advance that the North had made of late years— a progress that the most sanguine of them did not anti cipate. Where before there- were but a few sheep, were Georgetown, Jamestown, Lauia, Port Pirie, Port Broughton, and other large places, and now with one good season Port Pirie alone would export a3 much wheat as Port Adelaide used to export 11 years ago. (Hear, hear.) The North was becexning very prosperous, for it was not only farmers' sons that were to be found there, but there were with each, new place openings for the cbemist's shop, the grocery store, and other things besides. It had been suggested to him—' aDd the local auctioneer .' He would not add the local lawyer, as one lawyer could not get on without another to oppose him. and bo he would say the local lawyers too. He did not wish to have the appearance of coun tenancing legislation to the injury of the pastoral interest, but he asied the squatters, as fellow colocists, what did they contribute through the Customs to the community ? Every mile of rail road or metal road increased the value of their pro perty, and he thought that if the question were put to the squatters fairly they would generally recof mse the desii ability of liberal land laws. He was glail to find that objection had been raised in no part of the House to the Bill passing its second reading. The Bill was creditable to the Government and to the House, and although he believed it emanated partly from the late Government, he regarded it as an henest and manly attempt at legislation. A gocddealof voik remained to be done 10 Com mit1 ee, and he hoped, seeing their remarks had been to discursive, that they would then con Ire themselves to the points before the chair. He * as very glad to see that the provisions dealing with the mineral interest were of such a liberal :i:aracter. He would remind them that a mine jiLPiuytd a great deal of labour, and thai no small portion of the money with which this labour was Laid ctme back to the colony in ad valorem juries. About an eighth of the population of the rolony, he believed, was now situated in the District of Moonta, and but for the Moonta Mine jeing bo successlul the Peninsula would not be in such a good position as it was at the present timj. .Hear, hear.) The panic which recently ensued ipou ihe report that a large number of tne miners it Wallaroo had been thrown out of employment night also be taken as an indication of tne real mpottance which the interest bore to the colony. bvbiues, in tbe natural order of eve.ts, miners fftie but the precursors of agricultural settle ments. In speaking to some large store keepers at the Buna some time ago he *as told that they were relying for their trade sow, not upon the Burra Mine, but upon the 'gricultural population surrounding the township. i-hen the Bill was in Committee he hoped the jovernnent would accede to any liberal augges 10ns made in respect of this portion of the bill. ft uh regard to the upset price of land, he believed 11 aacticu pure and simple— in the idea thai a man ?tiiulu li&ve; au opportunity of obtaining the land je Wanted. And for this reason he would deaf *nu the public lauds of the colony iu just the ?ame way as he would with a private estate. Let -iit laud be put up at au upset price, and let men bit: f ai.ly for what the- wanted. He was delighted to fiud that the Goverment had increased the ii- a. Ihe old b0-acre system, under which the iistnets of Gumeracha. Onkapariiiga, and Xoar iui.ga wtie ioruted, bad, been exploded, and be hoped that in the future the whole -f their land legislation would be tempered rvith a spirit of fairness and liberality. Ue OiUtt express his disagreement with the senti LLents piupounded by the hon. member for North Adelaide with iegard to criminals. The violation 3f tbe law by dummyism was quite as bad as a man picking one's pockets in the streets- (Hear, tiear)— and lie consiuered it a wise step that penal provisions had beeu included in the Bill— uot with iview of enabling the Commissioner of Crown Lands to deal harshly with any individual or class -merely to muke men obey the law. The passage uf ihe ntea&uie; would continue the state of things under which they were able to contrast their legia latun so favourably witn that of the adjoining :cloDies. (Hear, hear.) On the motion of Mr. BASEDOW. the debate Bias adjourned till Tuesday, the 26.h inst. ELKCTOEAL DISTKICTS BILL. On the motion of the ATTOKNEY-GENEKA.L LHou. j. C. Biay), the further consideration of this bill in Committee was made an Order of the Day icr lueeday, the 26th instant. JUDGES' PENSIONS BILL. Consideration of report of Committee. Ihe ATTOKNEY-GENEKAL (Hon. J. C. Bray) moved ti at the report be agreed to. Mr. BE1GHT moved, aBan amendment— ' That the Speaker now leave the cuair, and the House resolve itself into a Committee of the whole, tor the purpose of considering a new clause, viz. : — ' Ihat whenever a vacancy occurs on the Bench of ihe supreme Court, by the death or resigna ion of tbe Chief Justice or any of the other Judges, the pet sun nominated to the Bench in consequence of the vacancy bo caused shall be appointed the Junior Puisne Judge on such Bench.' ' He would at once detail bis reasons for moving the House into Committee. It would doubtless be said it the outset that there was no precedent for the course he proposed in the motion should be pur sued, but be wouid show that there was abundant precedent in the old country and that some bad ccurredin the colonies. His reasons for intro ducing the motion were, shortly stateo, to this effect: -They knew that gentlemen were generally appointed to the Bench who had taken some par ticular interest in politics. It did not follow that a political lawyer would make the best Judge to be found in the colony. Indeed, the question he had raised necessitated the consideration of very im portant contingencies, and he hoped they would uot deem the discussion of the subject unim portant It was held to be a rule he believed in this colony that no Puisne Judge should be appointed to the position of Chief Justice. He did uot intend in the general remarks he wa9 about to make to refer to any individuals or to anything which bad taken place in the colony. The principle advocated in bis motion was carried i.'Ut in every other branch of the public service. He did not caie to institute a comparison lietween the hi«h and onerous office of Judge of the Supreme Couit and members of the Civil Service ; but he believed :t was generally understood throughout the Civil Service that by the faithful discharge of the duties entrusted to (them 111 minor] positions men could rise to tbe Inchest offices in tne Service. When they came to consider the ample and varied experience which fell to the lot of gentlemen hold ing the positions of Puisne Judges they must come to the conclusion that these gentlemen were quite, or if nt't m -le competent to fill the office of Chief Justii e us i.Ly gentleman practising at the Bar for atloiui or longer period. He would point out that l.is motion did not inteifere with the Govern ment appointing whom they pleased to the Judge ship*. Un referring to precedents in the old country, he found that Sir Charles Abbott w&t; appointed Judge of Common Pleas in ISIS, -hat he was promoted in the same year to the King's Bench, and that in ISIS he became Chief Justice of the Kings Bench. The gentleman might, have been appointed on account of his judicial knowledge or from political reasons, but :he case had occurred. Somewhat similar steps were take n in regard to Sir William Draper, and Lord Cock burn was 8olicitor«General in lS5t), Chief Justice of the Common Pleas m 1850, and Lord Chief Justice of the Queen's Bench in 1S5S. He could not see why tne same reward of mint i-hould not be held out to the Puisne Judges in our Supreme Court. Turning to the colonies, he found that Sir Alfred Stephen was made a Puisne Judge in IS39. and iu 1S44 he was appointed Chief Justice of New South Wales, which post he had occupied up to the present time. He had been careful to mention this latter precedent because he had reat on to believe that his motion was regarded in the light of an innovation, and that it was not likely 10 conduce to the be&t; interests of tbe learned Beneh. It was all very well for hon. members to say that when a gentleman accepted the office of Puisne Judge he did uot expect to be appointed to the Chief Justiceship at any time; but he thought such a state of things should never have exited. He believed the incorporation in the Bill of the clause he had suggested would give satisfac tion to the colony generally. The regular course of promotion in the old country was from the Solicitoi- Generalship to the Attomey-Generalahip, and thence to the Bench. In addition to the cases he had already cited he might mention those of Collier and Colville, and he would refer hon. members to further precedents which had been published in the South Australian Advertiser. If they allowed promotion from the third to the sectnd Judgeship he could not understand why it was impolitic to go a step further and permit of piomotion to the Justiceship. He hoped, having repaid to the late hour of tbe evening and the importance of the subject, that the Government nould not object to the adjournment of the debate if it were moved by any hon. member. [Hear, hear.) Mr. KAY seconded the amendment The ATTOKNEY-GENEKAL (Hon. J. C. Bray) ?aid the Government would oppose the recom mittal of the Bill for the purpose of inserting Mr. btnght'8 clause, and he did not think the hon. ueinber for Wooroora would find much sympathy iifcong hon. members generally. The Bill was arought in expressly for tbe purpose of providing etiring allowances, and not to interfere in the :,ppointment8or promotion. (Hear, hear.) No one *ould deny ibe facts which the hon. member had juoted. but he seemed to have lost sight of the fact .bat tl.ere was in reality no hard-and-fast line bind ng the Government in the matter, and that it was apen to the Government in Executive Council to pro ii- te a Puisne Judge to the position of Chief JuBt ice i it were considered ad visable so to do. (He ir, hear.) It ought to be open to the Government of the day either to appoint one of the Puisne Judges or iorre one outside. It was very undesirable that my hard-and-fast rule should be laid down either }y law or presumption. (Hear, hear.) Tbe hon. Dover seemed to object to those wbo had taken a )art in political life being appointed Judges, bat here was a good reason why they should. It was .er- desirable that the best legal talent should be attracted to take part in the government of the x untry— (Hear, hear)— and it was desirable that gentlemen who served the country in that way -hould have the opportunity of the reward of a Judgeship. No one could say that political life unfitted a man for the position. It must, make turn better fitted fot it. Besides, the public had a ueiter opportunity of judging of a man who took a part in public affairs. It was not necessarily the best in office details or ia Court practice that was best fitted for a. Judge. It was not essential that ilwayB in the event of a vacancy ia the Chief Jus ticeship a new man should be selected and not a member of the Judicial Bench; but he did say it would be most undesirable that a hard-and-fast rule should be adopted, and he asked the House to allow such appointm£ntB to be dealt with and fairly considered, as octa3ion arose, by the Govern ment of the day. (Hear, hear.) Mr. KAY bad seconded the amendment, though be had not a very lively anticipation of its being cairied. Nevertheless there was a great deal to be Baid in favour of maintaining the hard-and-fast rule to which the Attorney-General so much objected. He wondered the legal profession did not see that its effect was to raise the position of the Judges— (Mr. Bright— ' Hear, hear')— by making them les? the creation of hon. members who might happen to be at the time of a vacancy occupying the Treasury benches. The Attorney General had said it did not follow from the absence of such a rule that any practitioner from outside should be appointed. It might not follow!— but it did. 'Whenever a vacancy had happened in South Australia it had been filled from outside. (Mr. Bright — '' Hear, heir.') It did appear to him desirable that they should have the very highest legal talent on the Bench, arjd therefore that if any vacancy should occur in the Judicial Bench apy member of the Bar who was offered a Puisne Judgeship should feel that not ody did he not forfeit his right to the Chief Justice ship, bat thai hiB appointment as Puisne Judge secured that right to him if in the course of nature he lived longer than hiB fellows. They were often told that a Judge should have nothing to h-pe and nothing to fear. The mere fact of living lonser than his brother Judaea securing him the Chief Justiceship was Dot giving him anything to hope or fear. (Hear, hear.) It gave an equality that must increase the dignity of the holders of the office, (dear, hear) The d'ctum of the Attorney-General that it might happen that the Chief Justice would not be taken from the Judicial Bench was a bad one. It meant '^t rt^Bb-t happea 10 Buit the political feeling of jD* ! Government of the day to promote a J'«iee, and if it did {cot they «rouid. not da it. (Hear, hear.) That made a Judge to some extent liab'fl to be -injured or benefited by the occupants of tbe Tieasuiy benches. He wanted to pUce the Judge* »s far as possible beyond being injured or bone* filed by any person in Seuth Australia. (Hear*, I ear.) He should not occupy any further time, because he believed the proposition would u t be cairied, but he had shown tne reasous he had for EuptortiDg it. (Hear, hear.) Mr. WIGLEY said he waa not actuated in any w&y; by tbe chance which every member of tbe rroitesien had— 60 to 1— of filling a Judge's posi tion. He might say he was not a self-appointed Quetn's Counsel— lie had never asked to be ap pointed, and never should— but he presumed if there should be any vacancy in the Bench, the offer of the position would probably be made to gentle men who had been raised to Queen's Counsel and ? not to one wbo woie a stout gown. He must say that the rule — and it was almost a rule— that the Chit f Justice should be appointed from outside the Bench had always appeared to him to be a great hardship to the Judges. If a man was not fit to be Chief Justice he was not fit to be a Puisne Judge, (Mr. Bright—' Hear, hear.') Their duties were exactly the same. There was no difference, except in name and in salary. Hedid not mean to say that tlie appointmeut of a young member of the profession to the high position of Chief Justice had worked bickering and ill-feeling among the Judges-he did uot believe such had beeu tho case: Lut it might have beeu the cmse of ill-feeling aud of great disappointment. The passing of such ? clause as that proposed would set that at rest for ever, and would, he waa certain, give to the majority of the Bar and of the people very great satisfaction. He did not know it was going to be brought forward, but he was very pleated Mr. Bright had done so. To pa-s it would be only just to the Judges; and he should be very sorry to see any member of the Bai ever nut over the heads of the two Puisne Judge's, or of either of them. Hear, hear.) Mr. GLYDE was under the impression the other day that it was quite contrary 10 EugltBh custom that a Judge should he promoted. The quotations however, of his iriend Mr. Bright were undeniable. That, however, did not alter his view as to the unwisdom— if he might use the word— of the clause proposed. He took it for granted that all tlie lawyers, at all events, would vote against it. (jauehter.) He would give his reasons for oppo sing it. In the first place, it would limit the choice of the Government of tbe day. who. in the event of a vacancy in the Judicial Bench, ought to secure the best legal talent. They all knew that Sir Richard Hanson when he waa ap pointed would not have accepted any position but that of Chief Justice, and the colony would con sequently have lost liis services if the clause now proposed had been carried. No deubt there was a difficulty, and he should be disposed to support Mr. Bright if he would tackle the real difficulty iu the right way. If he would propose to affirm that the Attorney-General of the day should not be considered to have, ex offici*. a claim to the Chief Justiceship he (Mr. Giyde) would entirely agree with him andjendearour to make such a provision law. Mr. JOHNSON thought there was one way of softening down the matter. That was by equalising the salaries of the Judges. Supposing this clause should become law, and one of the Judges retire at 60 years of age on a pension, and he received » call from one of the other colonies, aud went over there and accepted it, would he at the same time receive the pension from South Australia? That was a question which he should like the Attorney General to answer. The question was put in the form that the word* proposed to be struck out stand, aud declared netatived. Mr. BWGHT called for a division:— Ayes, 21-1'he Treasurer, the Commissioner of Crown Lands, the Commissioner of Public Works, the Minister of Agriculture and Education, Messrs. Blyth. Boucaut, Glyde, Hardy, Uawkor, Johnson, King, Landseer, Murray, Quin, Kamsay, Keea, Kicbards, Sinclair, Towusend, Williams, and the Attorney-General (teller). Noes/ 7— Messrs. Basedow, Duncan. Kay. Kri chaulT, Pickering, Wigley. and Bright (teller). Majority of 14 for the Ayes. Mr. BOUOAUT. after the invitation given by Mr. Glyde, could not refrain from saying a word or two in reference to the rule iu England regarding' the filling of vacancies in the Judicial Bench. He might bay there was no law on the subject. There was. however,, a sort of pre scriptive right in the Attorney-General of the day to claim any vacant Judgeship, the reason being that the Attorney-General in England had always been beyond dispute one of the very ablest men in th e profession. The Govern ment had al way b - been desirous to secure the very ableBt men, and t almost invariably followed that the Attorney General was fit for a Judgeship and would be ap pointed in the event of a vacancy occurring during l.is term of office. If an Attorney-General iu Eug and were not appointed, having made his cUini o he appointed, it would necessarily show such a ack of confidence, and he wouid hold it such a censure upon him that he would at once resign. That was laid down in the case of Sir William Munay. He said, 'If I am not Chief Justice I ?will not be Attoruey-General ;' and then, if he had not been appointed, the fact would have been he would have gone into opposition, and that would have broken up the Goverumeut. It was competent for the Government to have icfuscd to appoint him. It was undoubtedly a prescriptive right in England, but the right was not acknowledged in these colonies. It was not acknowledged in Victoria or New South Wales, and certainly not in South Australia. The late Sir Richard Hanson was appointed Chief Justice by Mr. Justice Stow, who wan Attorney-General at the time. In the colony of Victoria at the present time the Government were unable to get a suitable Attorney-General within the Legislative Assembly. They had got one outside the House, and he wab not one of the great leaders of the profession either. Political changes were so rapid in these colonies that it was undoubtedly received here that our Attorney-General had not necessarily a pre scriptive tight to a Judgeship. (Mr. Koss— It was claimed] by Butler in New South WaleB.') It was; and Sir James Martin was appointed. He ought to have remembered that fact, because he bad had correspondence on the subject. It had been laid down emphatically that a prescriptive right did not and ought not to exist in these colonies. He would point out that there might at some future time he an Attorney-General ap pointed who had only been admitted to the Bar a week previously ; and in such a case the Govern* rnent would feel that he ought not to be ap pointed. Mr. BEES agreed with Mr. Boucaut that the Attorney-General in England had a prescriptive right to tbe Chief Justiceship when vacant. Lord Macaulay's Essays on the Memoirs of Horace Walpoie by Horace Mann proved this. But the bon. member was wrong in stating that the Attor ney- General in England had a right to claim a Puisne Judgeehip if vacant during his tenure of office. The conliary was proved by Lord Campbell's 'Lives of the Chancellors,' and by essays bearing on the subject. He remembered a few years ago the comments made by the English papeis on the tantalizing fact that 8ir Eichard Collier, the member for Plymouth, was unable to take a Puisne Judgeship because he was Attorney General at the time it became vacant. Since then be had been appointed a Judge under the English Judicature Act passed subsequent to hiB holding the office of Attorney-General. Another case was that of Sir Kichard Atherstone. who was Attorney General when Sir Koundell Palmer, the present Lord Chancellor, was Solicitot-Ueneral. A Puisne Judge*hip was vacant at the time, but it was against legal etiquette for Bir Richard Atharstone to take it while Attorney-General. When Sir John Karelake was Attorney-General under the Derby und Disraeli Governments he would not and could not accept a Puisne Judgeship. and that happened most unfortunately for him, as he had since become blind. Then, on tbe other hand. Sir John Coleridge was appointed Chief Justice of the Common Pleas, which office he claimed asa prescrip tive right, though it was well known that his presence in the House of Commons would have* been of great advantage to hiB party. Mr. WIGLEY corroborated Mr. Kees at to tb.9 Attorney-General in England having a prescriptive right to the Chief Justiceship. Only six month* stro Mr. Attorney-General May claimed the Chief Justiceship of Ireland. HiB right was disputed by tbe other Judges, but tbe appointment was given to him nevertheless. If the present Chief Justice of South Australia were to leave the Bench the Attorney-General (Mr. Bray) would have a prescriptive right to the Chief Justiceship. That had been the rule in Eugland and in Ireland, and1 he might Kay it had been tho rule here. (Mr. Ward— 'No.') Perhaps the Ministry mijiht not permit such an appointment or theymicht pos sibly have a vote- of nc-conndente in them pasaed ; but he believed the- Attorney-General bad the right heie aB well as in England. The motion for the adoption ot the report wa» carr ed. and the third1 reading was made an Order of the Day for Tuesday,. June 26. „ PORT ADELAIDE LIGHTHOUSE. Mr. KING moved— ' That there be laid on the table of this House a return showing— 1. The original estimate for Port Adelaide Lighthouse. 2. The co»t of materials in x-pglann, including commission paid, and to whom paid. 3. Tbe cost of the Lighthouse when erected, and before any subsequent additions or alterations were made. 4 The cost of each and every subse quent addition, alteration, and rep∈ apecifving each separately, and the date when made, and by wh- in was the order given. 5. The cost of lantern and apparatus when fixed. 6. The total cost from crnimtncement, including each and every «um extended on the lighthouse. 7. The present con dition of tha piles; report to Btate if any marine ins«ct has penetrated them; and if so, to what extent. C ainsd. K1NG-STBEET, GAWLEB. Mr. BASEDOW moved- , , 1U 'TBatacopyof the legal opinion taken by the Hon. the Commissioner of Public Works re the taking of King-street instead of Bridge- street, between Qawler and Willaston, belaid on the table of this House.' fie hoped the motion would be carried, as the quw tien raised was one of importance. The Koad Board had adopted a 33-feetroad In place of on* flff feet wide, though the latter was approved by the resident of Gawler, who were the people moat Mr. BRIGHT supported the motion, as the case was ene for further enquiry. The Comnassioner of Public 'Works had said there was no occasion for him to interfere with the action of the Road Board. He thought there never was a case where there was water need for interference, the fact being that the Road Board had adopted' a thorough fare which was quite inadequate totte large traffic on ir Indeed, takina tbe footparta ofl, he did not thmk the roadway in question was more than 20 feet wide. CaniCd# ADJOURNMENT. At 15 minutes past 6 o'clock the House adjourned, ! i 1 Tuesday, June 26. at 8 o'clock. 