a fibst-1iand g 1iost story. " A paper on tlio Otlior Worid, which ap pears, ill -tho. current numbor of the- 14 Ghiireli1 .Quarterly: Review," ' contains tho following iirsl.-hiirid story, which will- tin ilntilit liivivntrnmn t.n intinv nxirli.Mi no a coiitribritiim to the veri'1 largo number of autlieutic atcrics testifying to apperir- anees of a dying man at tho mouumt of death to- distant friends : — 5 The fact is that this chiss of what nro called 1 ghost stories ' is so humorous, and so thoroughly: wall aVithbnticritcd, that the hesitation' would .rather; be as to" whether, tlioy bo proiHjrly siqwriiatoml at all.' . Wo:mpaii -that the question arises whotbor it iuay not bo possiblo iu tlio, nature of things— under, certain circumstances— for tho departing, spirit Mto ; numifest itself;. .to distent /friends .-nti-.tho;;:. instant, the j fieuting. riioinent, of transition from this ( world to tlio other ? Jf any one re plies, 'if so, r why is- it hot evoii ' inoro cpiiimon ( our answer is,' easy. ' There aro nmnboi-s of things quito imtuml'which aro much moro unuoiuihori than the welt-ascor- bvined instances of this'elftssofovont. In the house' in wliich tlioBe pages aro writtcii; a tnU,and.'.wid'e/stfttrcaso- vvindow,! vvitli a northeru> aspect, throws ri. strong side light on the oritranco into tho chief Hviug-room, which stnmls nt tho end of a Ipnssngo running noarly tho length of.llio'houso. It.was: aftor mid-day, in midwinter many years sincu,fl thnt tho writor left his study which opens into tho passage just mentioned, oil his way to liis early dinner. ' The day was rathor foggy, but thoro was no donsity of vapour, yet the door at the end of tho pnssago seemed ob: Bcured by iuiBt! Ashe advanced, tho'iuist; !so. to call it, gathered into ono spot, deep ened, and formed itsolf iuto tho outlino of > human figure, the liead and shouldors becoming moro nnd more distinct, wliilo :thb rest of tlio body sccined enveloped in a gauzy cloak-like vestment of many folds, reaching downwards so as to hide tho feot, rind from its width, 'iis it rested on the flagged naMago, giving, a.pyramidal out line.' v'Tuo 'full light of the wiudow foll oii the bbjebfc, wliich was so thin and tenuous ' in; its consistency that tho Tight on 'tlio panels of a highly -varnished door, ivoro visible through this lo wcr partof the dross. , It; wast altogether', colourless, a statue; carvod in1 mist.,! i;Thq' writer was so startled that" ho:'iB uncertain whothor ho movod forward or stood still. Ho was rather astonished tlmn terri fied, for his first motion was that lio was witnessing somo'liitherto unnoticed effect ofliglit and shade. ,Ho had no. thought of: anything supernatural, till, as ho gazed, the head was turned towards him, and lie at ouco rocognisod the features of a very dear friend. Tho expression of his coiiritoimnco! was thai of holy, peaceful re-. pqso,nnd tho gentle, kindly aspect whichit Wore iri"daily life was intensified (so tho; writor, in recalling tho sight, lias ever since felt, into a parting giauco of deop aflbction. , And tliorij-in an instant, all passed away. Tho writor can only comparo tho manner of tlio ovancscenco to tlio way in which a jut steam/is: dixsipated on exposure to cold air. ViHordly, till thon, did lio realiso that ho had been brought into closo communion with the supernatural. Tho result was great awe, but no terror, so that instead of retreating to his study ho went forward and opened the door, closo . .to wlii-. h the apparition had 'stood. . . Of course'ho could . hot doubt; the import of what ho had suon, and >the .morrow's or tho .next, day's, post brpught/.tlie tidiiigsi.tliat Ms; friend had. trritiqiiilly passed out of this worlil at tlio time when. he was soeii by tho!writer.' : ;It; must lie stated that it was a sudden sum-, inons ; that the writer lirid hoard nothing of| him for! some weolcs previously, and that nothing had brought him to his t)ibughtBou the day of liis decease." 