? VICTORIA. ARCHDIOCESE OF MELBOURNE. THE ARCHBISHOP'S PASTORAL. The following Lenten Pastoral of liis Grace the Archbishop of Melbourne was read on Sunday in all the principal churches and chapels of the Archdiocese :— JAMES ALIPIUS, By the Grace of God and favour of the Holy Apostolic See, ARCH- BISHOP OF MELBOURNE, and METROPOLITAN of the Ecclesiastical Province of Victoria. To THE CLERGY AND LAITY OF THE ARCHDIOCESE HEALTH AND BENE- DICTION. " Prayer is good with fasting and aims, more than to lay up treasures of gold." —Tobias xii. 8. BELOVED BRETHREN. The Church, enlightened and instructed by the Holy Ghost, appoints for our observance certain emedies against. the unavoidable temptations of life, as also for our recovery from them when they prevail and overcome us. Of these remedies not the least important and efficacious are prayer and fasting with alms. During the Holy Season now approaching, she invites her children to join earnestly and piously in these latter spiritual exercises, as the best preparation for the Sacraments of Penance and Holy Eucharist, which all of age and duly instructed are bound by positive command to approach within Eastertide. It is through these Sacraments of God's mercy "and love that sinners recover the rights and privileges of their baptism, which were forfeited when, unhappily, they had yielded to temptation. Prayer and fasting are not new to the people of God as the indispensable means and condition of reconciliation with Him after transgression. The Old Testament, in innumerable places, testifies to this. Our first parents, by God's just judgment, were doomed to bewail in affliction of spirit and bodily privation the calamity of their great fall. But that they might not fall victims to despair, and perish under this crushing judgment, a deliverer was promised, wbo would crush the serpent's head and restore them and their posterity to the blessings and graces they had lost. A firm belief in this promise made their acts of prayer and self-denial meritorious of life everlasting. " How great," exclaims the Wise man, "is the mercy of the Lord, and how propitious to those who are converted to Him."—Eccl. xvii. 20. But for the hope thus inspired, life would not be bearable. It moves to prayer and teaches the necessity of mortification with alms; it sustains man through the arduous struggle which lies between him and the endless bliss it promises. Prayer, the first supernatural help towards the happy consummation of this hope, is not a mere utterance of the tongue, but an elevation of the soul to God in adoration, thanksgiving and supplication. Vocal prayer, when uninspired by. the Spirit of God, who, as St. Paul assures us, cries in our hearts to the Father, is iclle and worthless. God heeds it not Of those who pray after this fashion He says: " This people honoureth me with,their hps, but their heart is fax from me."—Isaias xxix., 13. If people i comprehended the great efficacy'.' of souls' .welliei^g^rana even' par temporal. wel&re;, they would, hot be so Aegiectful of it as -the^/ M. The tribes, <5; 1^1,: m .their' >gings ^ouglj dMer|r,.oved heir pj^serFatiQ^ tlieir .^tnUnijiKs, and, finally, their peaceful occupation of the Promised Land, to the fervent and earnest exercise of this gift: of prayer. Moses had been appointed by God himself the leader and ruler of these tribes, whom He elected to be His people, saying: " I will take you to myself for my people; I will be your God ; and you shall know that I am the Lord your God, who brought you out from the work-prison of the Egyptians."—Exodus vl 7- When bestowing this mighty charge and responsibility upon Moses, the Lord assured him that He would be with him, saying : " I will be with thee : and this thou shalt have for a sign that I have sent thee. When thou shalt have brought my people out of Egypt, thou shalt offer sacrifice to God upon this mountain."— Exodus iii. 12. He, moreover, fortified him by the conviction "that His ears would be attentive to the voice of his supplication"—" I have heard the groaning of the children of Israel wherewith the Egyptians have oppressed them : and I have remembered my covenant. Therefore say to the children of Israel I am the Lord who will redeem you with a high arm and great judgments."—Exodus vi. 5, 6. From this it is evident God's ears are open to the prayerful cries of His oppressed and afflicted people, whom, in due time, He will deliver from their bondage with a stretched-out arm. When this had come to pass in the case of the oppressed Israelites, and they had been brought out of their bondage, they sung with Moses a song unto the Lord in thanksgiving and praise—" Forhaving seen that great work which the Lord did upon the Egyptians : the people feared the Lord, and believed the Lord and his servant Moses."—Exodus xiv. 31. In their distress they prayed, and were almost always heard. The Lord came to their relief when Moses in their behalf invoked Him. When " they came to Marah, they could not drink of the waters of Marah, for they were bitter ; therefore the name of it was called Marah. And the people murmured against Moses, saying : What shall we drink ? And he cried unto the Lord; and the Lord showed him a tree, which when he had cast into the waters, the waters were made sweet."—Ex. xv. 23, 24, 25. We read again in the 17th chapter, verses 8, 9, 10, 12,13, that when the Israelites were engaged in deadly conflict with Amalek, they prevailed against him because Moses, with uplifted hands, in which he held the rod of God besought the Lord in their behalf Such are a few of the earliest evidences of the efficacy and obligation of prayer. This mode of communion with God is common and familiar to all mankind, and is freely used by them when, under a sense of their own helplessness, they implore relief in their necessities, or protection against an enemy. Even those who pretend not to believe in Him, professing in their foolishness there is no God, will, in the hour of danger and bitter angiiish, and as if in spite of themselves, and to their own confusion, seek consolation and escape in 1 prayer. Under such circumstances' did Antiochus, who profaned and pillaged the temple of God, pray. ' : He was not heard. The wicked should take warning from the example of this impious, dyiiig kihg, [and from "the threat pronounced against a®, wh'6 put off to " Th'en,'' dec] ares : the Lord otfrGod, " shall they'i^llupbn me, aijd I will not'he&r; they shall'rise in the tnbrmhi, .and' s&Hl; s . n$b fj fiiid" : me." ^ d -wM V' i W^Beca(i^theyj bave ^^iiistruetffonj: not none of my counsel, they despised all my reproof Therefore, they shall eat the fruit of their own way, and shall be filled with their own devices."—Prov. i. 28, 29, 30, 31. It is in this extreme hour of an ill-spent, disbelieving life, when inevitable ruin looks them in the face, they will deplore their folly in thus abusing the divine grace and mercy, saying : " We wearied ourselves in the way of iniquity and 1 destruction, and have walked through hard ways; but the way of the Lord we have not known. What hath pride profited us ? Or what advantage hath the boasting of riches brought us? All these things are passed away like a shadow. Such things as these the sinner's said in hell."—Wisdom v. 6, 9, 14. These few passages, selected from many more striking to be found in the Old Testament, suffice to prove the efficacy of prayer, and the ineffable loss sustained by neglecting it. The •example and teaching of . our Saviour still further prove how God is moved in our behalf by prayer, earnest and trustful. In St. John xvi. 24, He commands: "Ask, and you shall receive." And in St. Matthew xxi. 22, He assures us, " Whatsoever you shall ask in prayer, believing, you shall receive." But He is not satisfied with giving this commandment and most positive promise. He, moreover, graciously condescends to teach us how to pray and what to ask. " Thus, • therefore," He says, "shall you pray: Our Father who art in heaven,'' &c.; This most excellent and beautiful prayer discloses how intimate are our relations with the Creator, and how sweet are his communications with ns. We have but' to ask as loving and confiding children, and He, as a fond, loving parent, solicitous for our well-being, will give jvhat is needful and good for us. The publican in the temple, and the penitent on the cross, had their prayers for mercy heard. They were justified. In St. Luke xviii. 13, )4, we read: "And the publican, standing afar off, would not so much as lift up his eyes towards heaven, but struck his breast, saying, O God, be merciful to me, a sinner. I say to you, that man went down into his house justified." And in chapter xxiii. .42, 43, the thigf s conversion is thus narrated : " And the thief said to Jesus: Lord, remember me when • Thou shalt come into Thy kingdom. And Jesus said to him: Amea I say to thee, this day thou shalt be with me in Paradise." • Here, then, are given for the encouragement of our. hope two extreme, apparently hopeless cases, in which the grace of prayer prevailed unto pardon and justification. > These extraordinary instances of the forbearance and mercy of God-were put on record to quicken our faith in prayer and the promises , of the Saviour. But we are enjoined by Divine command not to put off to an uncertain future the repentance which we should begin- to-day. "Defer not to be converted to the Lord."—Eccl. v. 8. We are warned that time is not at' our .disposal. " At what hour you think not, the Son of man will come."; We ; exhort you, dearly - beloved in Christ, to be constant and earnest in prayer, that you may not fall /victims to the rmany: and; griisVous : temptations that, assail riowrarday your morals and: faith. Of.'these snares for virtue, that Tvfcich hides itself, under the • fascinating arid ^uqtiv? ; form of .a free, .liberal, and excljpsivjely > Ocular system o education'Is. the jmost to Ije ^re^d^d. Thetemptationis cuimmglyjpr^pared to entrap parent and child. Every care has been studiously taken to conceal its irreligious aims. To withstand it you will need all your Christian courage and self-denial. Whilst for conscience' sake Catholics must shun • the State school as a most dangerous temptation, and, at .considerable expense to themselves, provide their own school accommodation, they have no wish to censure or blame those who, not in religious communion with them, approve this costly provision, made by Parliament for secular education. We grudge . them not their school fabrics upon which so much money has been expended. But we pray them not to deny us the little we ask, and to which we are honestly entitled—payment for results and attendance. It is untrue that the Church seeks for the administration of such funds as Parliament in its Avisdom and justice may vote for this purpose. No request of the kind has been ever made or thought of. It is a responsibility she does not desire. In this struggle in defence of the faith and morality of your children, the Lord, to whom they by baptism belong, will be careful to preserve you and them in consideration of your fidelity and selfsacrifice for His sake. If your children begin life well, if they are isely and religiously brought up, irtue and the fear of God will abide ith them as their best inheritance ; aving sown in benediction,. they ill reap also abundant benedicions. .We must, then, earnestly, nd with all fervour, co- operate ith the grace given us to resist his and other temptations, no atter whence they come. " Watch nd pray, lest you fall into temptaion."—Mark xiv. 38. Such are the nstructions the Apostles received rom their Divine Master on the ve of His passion. Prayer, humble and' trustful, is he Christian's greatest consolation nd solace when afflicted in spirit, nd his best weapon of defence hen attacked from without. uring the holy season of - Lent he Church enjoins fasting with rayer. This has ever been , her ractice. The example of the aviour and Apostolic tradition anctify and enjoin it. In the istory of the remote ages of the ld dispensation we read of nations nd peoples seeking by prayer and ast to appease the Almighty, hose wrath they had provoked. hus, in soul and body, they ffered reparation for the national ransgression.. This outward maniestation of interior contrition arid epentance was obligatory .under he Old as under the New Coveant. We read in the first book of Esdras viii 21, 23, when Cyrus, the King of Persia, granted to the people of God, after a long and painful captivity, their liberty arid permission to return and rebuild the temple; their leader and guide, the priest. Esdras, proclaimed a fast by the river Aliava, that they might afflict themselves before the Lord their God,, and ask Hjm> a right way for themselves and for their children. "And,'.' he continues, "we fasted and besought pur God for F this; and it fell ou£ prosperously unto us." David beought, in fasting and in rpuch' eeping, the life , of the child he egot in sin. The Lord our Saviour, ho stood in no need of this , expiaory because 1 hewas .Gpd, onsequently impeccable, nevertheess for our sa3ces and,f6r ouV salvation humbled himself td it Under the . influence of the Spirit He retii^dj into, the ; dese^'.^ere. He asted forty'4ays aiid.ftrly^i^hts, a|ter which'iife waS^uii^^^att. v. i; 2. in His iiri^xuction&tb; j His disciples. on this particular exercise of self-mortification, He said: " When you fast, be not as the hypocrites, sad. For they disfigure their faces that they may appear to men to fast. Amen, % say to you that.. they have received their reward. But ye, when ye fast, anoint the head, and wash the face that ye appear not to fast, but to your Father who is in secret, and your Father who seeth in secret will repay you."—Matt, vi. 16, 17, 18. Here we have the doctrine of fasting distinctly laid down for our instruction. Atonement and satisfaction to appease God must not be ostentatious, so as to draw on us the notice and applause of men. It comes down to us under the sanction of the holiest example, and highest authority. It has been at all times willingly practised by the old and young, the delicate and robust. None but the lukewarm and selfindulgent have SQught to shirk its observance under .the plea of ope frivolous excuse or another. The sick, indigent, and all in penal servitude, are the oply persons who are exempt from the general Lenten fast. We are reminded by the Church of our obligations to the poor and afflicted during this time of fast and abstinence. Of our abundance it behoves us to relieve 'their wants, and of our charity to console and comfort them in their distress. To the poor belong the superfluities disallowed by the law of abstinence and fast Hence the connection of almsgiving with prayer and fasting. The prophet Daniel thus addressed the great King of Assyria: "May my advice not offend thee, O King ; redeem thy sins by alms, and thy iniquities by relieving the poor."— Daniel iv. 24. Under fasting, writes the great Father of the Church, St. Augustine, is comprised aU chastisement of the body; under alms, benevolence, and beneficence in giving and forgiving; under prayer all the rules of holy desires. —St. Aug. de perf., ,B. x., .page 174. What there is saved in food and all things else, under the restrictions of the approaching penitential season, should be considered the perquisites of the poor and needy, the orphan and the outcast. And they, alas ! are not a few in number. These helpless ones overcrowd our charitable institutions. The orphanages, the. industrial and reformatory schools, the asylum for the fallen -7-wliich chiefly depend upon your generous and kiudly charity—are quite full. On their behalf we implore your sympathy and solicit your alms, being mindful that he who "despises the poor reproaches God."—Prov. xv. 6. St. Paul advises us " God. loves the cheerful giver." : Such, dearly beloved brethren; are the instructions we have deemed it our duty to submit for your, most serious consideration and observance. There is nothing new in them ; they but embody those .practical truths you so often hear.' • inculcated from the altar and pulpit. . Fast, therefore, and pray, and give films to the necessitous, that you may redeem your sins and - iniquities and. "bring, forth fruit worthy, of penance. 1 '—i-Matt., iii. 8. ' The , grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, and the charity of Gpd, .and the -communication of the , Holy Ghost, be with you alL Amen.—- 2 Cor. adit 13. ! *- JAMES ALIPIUS, J ^J^bishpp pf Melbourne.' St. Patrick'^ jGathedral, J all . . :^ji^oMsiE,i^ Qumqwgesvnva Sunday-1877. i c: 