-!j« JK.Vi ?,'..'.?? ;iv.- ???-. .r..:-.; :??:? ??? ? ??'.??'- ! ? ?; '.r!fiisl.-!«'.i:i h ;',3-AIR TIl'PLiKRS/i: /': ? ' ; ??ohv:[',:.'.:i'.: r- (W7iite7m// Iicoieti'.) ?? - ? [','., ,'^The excessive uso oE stimulants,' hardly to r.'be'.tplcrdtedtii men, becomes absolutely un ? ? ? JV bearable in women, no inconsiderable portion .',',', jOf.Jwliohi', permit' thcnui'lvfrs. nowadays- an '^'.appalling' indulgence in strong drlnlt. For Y.'lit.is an 'undeniable fact t'liitwicn tin- wanker './creature yields her flurr nrrres ;mcl more Insensitive ..organisution to the insidious ^encroachments of a vice which takes only a ,;, short while to break up the strongest :,icb'nstitution,.lierruin is inoro spccily and her ': abasement a thousand times more deplorable ?, thanthatofher.htilpinute. ,'..' Nobody who sees inu't'h of women can bo -, ignorant of the allerud - to of things — that \ thoy drink rhorotliau ihu.v usi-d to da They , are no longer satisfied with' a lump of sugar ., saturated in eau-de-Cologne, or u few drops ,.,.of volatile spirit in a Mule water, already an 'advance upon the lieveriipca made by our great- grandmothers out of ?.nulburrics or meadow cowslips. The o arc now very few young married women, and even girls in their second or third season, who have not habitually recourse to liquors containing a .proportion of alcohol to administer .» fiilip to their jndbd nerves, and br.ice tlieni up afresh - .iorsomo new tax upon th;-ir mieruii's. l.'ort, sherry, gih-and-bitters,' even mixtures of | r brandy and champagne nro made u'o of to ; '.revive the drooping spirits, ii'id give to tho. listless beauty the requisite amount of ' go' ! ? Which will enable her to li.Vd her onn in the' midst of a crowd of chafnnt; adnrnra. And When wo consider for :i moment the life ..which women lend in London during several months of tho year, the raisnn of I Ills de generation in our mothers and sisters is not without its raison d'et e. Let U3 follow tho uinvpnienls, for the brief space of twelve honrs, of a ynuns girl who goes much into society. Somewhere about. nine or ten a.m. she makes her appearance in .the morning-room— after having jigged : about in a crowded assembly until daybreak ? languid, heavy-eyed, tin refreshed by the matutinal tub. Without the ghost of an appetite she sits down to an unwholesome. meal of spiced and peppered dishes, hot rolls, strong coffee nnd cream. After break, fast — too tired, in all probability, to tide — she whiles away the rosy hours until lunch time in doing intricate things with colored silks, writing notes, orttnl.teringthe pagesof the book sent in from Mudie's. Luncheon is a heavier breakfast, with the addition of ? wine and pastry. A turn or two in tho park, lollinpr back in a barouche, varied by an inter '' val of shopping in a West Knd 'emporium;' home to afternoon ton, with plenty of sweet ?cakes to destroy tho little appetite created by the fresh air; another spell of the dolccfar ? niente, a languid toilette, mid then dinner. The real business of the day begins long after the birds are asl top and the stars are : shining in the sky. A menu in whlish you ' look in vain for plain roust or boiled ; the' glure of a score of candles ; a wine for every course ; laughter, excitement, coilee, flirta tion, and finally the brougham, in which the flushed and feverish girl is whirled away to more hot rooms, more excitement, more ' champagne ; what can result from such ah unnatural and unhealthy mode of existence but an increased craving for dissipation, and an impatient desire to bo relieved from tho ! lassitude attending reaciion by tho abuse of alcoholic stimulants ? This habit, when frequently indulged in, becomes not only ruinous and disorganising to an illimitable' degree, but it also engen ders greater evils as a necessary consequence. Our pleasant vices generally run in couples. The nervous system, periodically over wrought, abandons the role of servant for that of master, nnd with imperious voice makes itself heard calling for other and more potent distraction. The moral faculties have by. this time become obscured, the borderland between right and wrong ceases to be so clearly defined as heretofore, duties and obligations relax their restraining force, and, if there bo any latent hereditary instinct of evil lurking in the otherwise pure nature, ' that one drop of black blood will be certain to come out into d.irk relief ? The courtly and complacent family physician has much to answer for bv- his tacit acquiescence in a great and growing evil. Nor is the humbler practitioner a whit more open and honest, but invariably shows himself too weak or too interested to run counter to the desires of his women patients, manifestly leaning towards such agreeable remedies for nervous depression, as crusted port and ain mousienx, and only wailing for the authority of the doctor to indulge in them openly in the presence of fathers and husbands. It is diffi cult, if not impossible, for these gentle men to take. the bull by the; horns. Every man is not gifted with the brutal frankness of unAbernethy: It is a hard task to make , tip one's mind to tell a languid lady, whose ' maid stands beside her bathing her temp] c-s I with Hungary water as she reclines upon tho ?i:boudoir sofa, that the real, remedy for her disorder is not to be found in the wine glass, ?. but in helping Mary the housemaid to shake :: the beds, and in running up fand down stairs to answer the nursery bell, thereby running the risk of offending an aristocratic patient and jeopardising the brougham of the future: Yet,' if medical men were less given to order stimulants for almost, every feminine de-r xangement, and were to impress upon women the vital importance of exorcise and the healthfulness of drinking in deep draughts of the pure morning air, there would bo .many more young cheeks blooming without rouge, and many a now anxious Jiusband .. going to his chambers or counting-house . with a lighter heart. . '????,' r » ' ' ?? 