1 — ?. XEW- ZEALAND?, , from ocr own corf.espos'dent. u , ' : . OuRlSTcnoRCH, 17th Deeoniher, '' Smoo writing my last letter I ,havo boon', pretty well all ojor NowZoaiand oxoopt tho West Coast of tho Middle Island pdown tho v ooast from i Auckland, . calling at Tauranga, Poverty Bay and Napior ; to Wellington j up tho Wairarnpa ; to Lvttolton bv son. and on to Christohuroh,' and down to Dunodin and tho Bluff by wator, returning ' ovorlnnd. Ifwoatthy "oits," aud thoso who oan afford . a tour, sw.oHoring undor tbo fiorco aun of an Australian sumtnor, wore awaro of tho in. terminable beauties to bo met with at ovory point in this country, thero would bo on oxo- dug from Viotoria ovory yoar. , Nothing oau oxcoed tho beauty or varioty of tho scenery ono sees during a journoy, without leaving ; tho boat,: aoach or train. Grandeur and quaint piatnresquanesB, waving, Holds of grain and rugged rooks toworing over gloomy storility, rushing or tnoandaring rivers, eaoh present \ilioir pconliar charms. I havo soon within a montl'-tho glories of Mouut Egmont, enow-clad as daintily as a brido oal:o, sontinelling tho fortllo frlngo of coast on which stands Taranaki or Now Plymouth ; tho ruggod gloomy rangp sops, rating tho sanboard from tho plains of Can- torbnry, the majostio Kalkoras, Tcrawitl, tho father of florae winds, and n score of other rongos and mountains that wonld each bo an objoct of adoration in Viotoria, besides tlio network of rivars turbulontly rushing clown to tho bosom of tho Paciflo. Taking train at Invorcargill I catno north passing Mntaura and Qoro, and going throngh soma lovoly country, Thoro is aiitblo varioty in tho shapa of n twenty milo coaohing ataga from Clinton to Balalutho, from whioh point tho rails cxtond to Dune, din, Balolutha Is a good-sized town, with all tho institutiona found in plaoos wh.ro colonists congrogato In any niimbors, not forgotting tho inevitable local, paper. Bo- twean It and Dunodin thoro oro aovoral townships, notably Waibola, on a largo lake, and Milton, or Tokomnirlro, tho contra of a largo agricultural distriot. Hero anothor lino branohoa off to Lawrence, or Tuapoka, tho mining contra, ronnd whioh lie Gabriel's Gully, of 18110 and 1801 fame, the Duustnn, and other well-known goldflelds, all vary dull just now. On from Milton towards Dunodin ono passes a succession of hnmlots and holdings, the principal places being Mossgiol, on tho Talori Plains, Ontrara (to which there is a loop line) and tho Snddlo. Dunodin comes out to moot tho travolior, and extends for miles under tho nuraeB of Caverahara and St. Hilda. Ono cannot but bo surprisod at tho sizo of tho plaoo, and the evident prosperity of tho suburbs, which spread over a flat level country botwean the hills and tho soa. Parched up, too, in tlio air aro hundreds of houses, soomingly almost inaccessible, and loading to tbo belief that lUraediuites, nooording to Darwin's thoory, ought in coming gonorations to dovolopo hurt foro logs like lmrim — or wings. This journoy from Invercargtll to Dunodin InBts from half-past seven a,m. till eight at night. lt_ would bo folly to attompt briefly a description of tlio trip, whioh ia marvellously enjoyable — taken onoe. A con stant panorama is rollod out by the wheels of tho train or eoaoh. It must pal), though, after onco enjoyed, for progress is slow and tho stoppages highly vexatious. Tho triiin ia somewhat on tho American principle, though passing to ono carriage from another io nut advisable. Thero is, however, at the end of onch ono a well- covered platform, and, standing an this, a splendid view is Sained on oil sides. Tlio lark — tho real ingliah bird, imported and thoroughly acoli- mated — aud all tho familiar song birds of the old country may be hoard, and swamp bona and ducks by thousands stare stupidly at tho train orily off inaffright. Agood portion of tlio lino is not fenoed, and tho ongino often passes through herds of cuttlo and small docks of sheep which stray upon it, anil givo plenty of work to tho driver and stoker, who amuse themselves by pelting tho stragglers with coal or oobblo stones stored up (or tho purpose. Thoro is a pretty fair amount of trnliio on tho line, ospeoially at tho two ends. The Taieri portion, just ut of Duiiodin, should bo paying handsomely. For n through journoy thero aro far too many stop, pages at little platforms, and to shunt trucks, so tlmt tlio sight of Dunedin is very woloomo. North of Dunedin thero is anothor ooaohing journey, as tho lino is not completed through Iho Blueskiu oonntry, so tho majority jf travellers tako'stcamer to Oamaru, a littl'o ever forty milos, Oamaru is n thriving town ship, whoso progress lias boen sornowhnt re tarded by tho want of a broakwater to com pensate for a wretched roadstead, Thero is ouo now being constraoted of vast oonorete blocks, nnd a portion of it ia nvailahlo for ships, Oamaru lias a good paBtornl oonntry round it, and boasts a number of faatoric3, and about twice as many banks nnd papers and stores as thero is any oocoeion for. It is a stono township, material being ibundant, and extends a long distance along tho coast. Half.way between it and Timnru stands Waimoto, a very pretty place, reached by a brunoh lino, Wuiuiato has all tbo muoh-prizod institu tions, including two uowspapors. Tlio journey between the two plaoos 1 consider the prettiost in New Zealand, for though the coantry passed through lacks tho gran- \- denr of tho .South, it has all tho other ele ments of beauty ; to the left tho distant hills, bine and gray, with horo aud there a oloth of snow on soma conspicuous peak ; the sea shining in tbo sun hko buruishod gold, and tho fertilo plaius with picturesque rivers intersecting them. AVaimate is Bitnply charming, aud it boaBts a good patch of bush, a rarity in these parto. Wo aro in Canterbury now, and on the border of the great plains, Tho journoy on is not so pretty, a good portion of it lying through untilled prnirie.Iike flats. How- over, thero are tho river beds and ocoasionnl streams, called by names prottyin themselves, hut which gain onphony by translation. Ono is tho AYaitangi or " Weeping Water." No doubt some aspiring squatter or trader will in due time have it called after himself, " tbo Dobbs," or " the Smith." Ashburton, on the river of thntname. is a pretty town- Bhip and seemingly a thriving on o. It is some forty miles from Christohuroh. But before coming to it we must stop at Timaru, » vory big township. Timaru lias its four papers, its Thcatro Royal, _ nnd every institution a city could desiro. It has lately resolvod, by plebiscite, to borrow £40,000 for a water supply, and wants £250,000 more for a breakwater. It needs both, for tho duat'is aomothing dreadful, and ail communication with vhipa is .dona by menus of Burf boats. It is doubtful whether it will get its brcakwator yot awhilo, for it is not likely that tho colony will seo another V ogol for a century or two. Strange to Bay, ' tho southern. part of New Zealand, that is always supposed to bo enveloped in heavy mists and rains, is Buffering badly from drought, . and it is feared, tho orops will bo ruined. , Viototiaus who remember the coun- ' try in 1SG1 .will think this incredible. Clear ing tho forests, and oponing up the country, is supposed to bo the oanse of tho olinugo. . Between Ashburton and Christohuroh tho country is so well cultivated, and has such au English-like rurality, that it requires no great . stretch of tho . imagination to fanoy oneself iu Kont or Subbox._ , I spolto in my last of the beauties of. Christohuroh, and it would be difficult to ovbrrato them. It was nlwnys pretty, but now that arboriculture is general nothing is wanting to complete the Eooaery, At all points tho willow-swept river runs uudor . bridges, through, tho flue publio gardeuo i aud tho township, and bo- tween farms aud estates. Naturally there is a good deal of boating, and thousands avail themselvos of tbo opportunities for pulling or paddling. Tho banks, in parts, aro full of wildducks.wbichswim with their broodsquite , heedless of - the presence of unfeathered bipeds. There are fish, too, in the river,. especially - tho delicious whitebait. It ia oasyto see, therefore, that Christohuroh is n terrestrial paradise, espeoially iu the summer. . ' 1 do not go book on my opinion oxpreasod in my last respecting tho resources of Now Zealand. It is a fine country, butsgricnl- tare must, bo its tramp card.. -Tho am bitions nature of everything commercial becomes more prominent as ono travels. Iniacfc the colony ' has been a spoilt, child ever since 'England thought it worth while to trouble about' it. It waa the Downing- street' pet, aud as soon its it got fairly set tled, up started Vogel, to raiao million upon million to bo repaid by u easy, instalments. That tho caDital ho borrowed was put to a good uso I admit, but the application of the coin was of too lavish a nature. Tbo division of this colony into provinces has had the effect of better distributing tho revenue than could have been done if tho Govornmont had been localised. Whether this has compensated for tlio spirit- of local ism and jealously cngondored I cannot say, but I think it preferable to have a number jjf good towns than ono large city. All the four capitals of provinces have good museums, public- gardens and libraries, and other boons.-. Tho Cbristohuroli Museum is a very good one, not equal in appearance to that oi Dnneuin, but full of objects of in- .tcrcst. Tho grounds round it are vory fine, OnoiDUnt.como to this country to see rosco in perfection. Its publio library has a free roadingroom, where a good many papors aro filod. It has also a landing branch and refe rence library, but both aro select. To ohtor tho lattor ono must got an ordor from a "governor," aud sign an agreement to abide by the rulos; and to bolang to tho former tlio snnio formality must bo gone through, and a fee of half-a-orown a quartor paid. Upon my expressing surpriso at this the cus todian said it was to keep tho placo "solcot," and on my hinting that publio librarics'wero scarcely mount for thoao who wero solect enough to buy books for thomsolvos, ho , soeinod to tako tho idea as something now. , Tlio public schools, museums, ohiirobos, &o.;, sro nearly tho ouly places built ot stone, tho oity bolng obiofly of wood. This is owing to tho busiuoss competition ruling iu ail kinds of trades. I'uhlicnus gut very ricli horo. Rouud tho thcatro landlords soou mako fortunos. Everything is sixpenoo, ovon to colonial boor, whioh is, however, of oxoollonb quality. I con soaraely tell you mora about politics than you know liy telegraph. Thoro has bcon tho univcronl crisis, whioh Sir Gcorgo Gray has temporarily tided ovor, owing, I should Bay, to tho purohaso of aomo half a ncoro ot patriots at par patriot. A squabble between tho Governor and tlio Ministry lias also oocupicd publio attention. Minis- tors aud thoir supporters havo alnmorad for a dissolution without suoaoss, and tho pro posal of his Exoeilcmoy to show somo oourtoBy to Sir William .Tcrvois nnd Colouel Saratcbloy haB rnisad a storm of condemnation. It is universally agreed by people nnd press that it is no good trying to protect tho colony, nnd Hint it would bo' a wasto of money to havo the host way to do it pointed out, l'lihlio meetings wero held in somo instances to express eoiifidonaa in tho Govorument and advocate an appeal to tho country, but supplies wero granted, aud tho Houso has gone into recess, tlio holiof being that Sir George will havo n majority of six to carry on business. Very gross personal ities woro indulged in, aud charges of pecu lation and fraud bandied about that, if truo, would antitla tlio molofnotors to ten years' Imprisonment. Thoro is un nxodus of legis lators from Wollington, whioh is styled the city of " stinks, winds and wood," and is looked on with groat jealousy by tho otlior threo largo capitals, , Opinion is vory rnnah divided as to tna abilities and merits of Sir Goorgo Grey, ono party lookiug on him as the only man Ut to rolenso tho colony from hor troubles, and the other styling him a mischievous old woman. Ho gots a good deal of support from the feeling tbnt things could not bo much worse, anil that ho ought to have a fair trial. It is said that tho ro> cont squabble and interruption to business through tho " sot-to" for plaoo and pay cost tho coufitry somo £500 a day. I.ovy oponod in luvcroargill, and had tho largost houses over soeu thoro, but tlio Dunedin peoplo would not staud his priocs, and ho hail to coma down to a sliiiiiug, and has sinco been drawing vast crowds. Ha opens horo on Boxing night for a fortnight, null goes to AuokTand in ndvauco of tlio opera, whioh had also to lower its prices to a shilling in Dunodin. Tho compauy aro doing better licro than thero, but their houses aro falling off. A squabble between tlia agent aud n "swell" helped to effect this, sb tho offended uristoornt appealed to his "papsr." Tho Soldonos open in Dune din at Christmas in' tlio I'riuuesu's. Johnny Hall commences a campaign there too at the sumo timo in tlio Quoen's, Hero, wo aru to havo Levy, in tho Rink— a plaoo capable of holding t'llCl) persons — and, at tho Royal Miss Ada Ward, who arrives from Sydney naxt Tuesday. Sam Hownriio, tlioy Bay, is to iiavo tho uatv theatre in Wellington. At Napior, the Oddfellows' Hall lias been con verted into a theatre, with oirclo mid boxes. Tho Clirjstnins season will bo a busy ouo, but I doubt whotlior anybody will make much, in conscquonce of tho groat competition every where. Ono thing tlmt militates against shows hero fearfully is tho spirit of gambling that pervades every olass of tho community. Thousands nnd tens of thousands (literally) of pounds iu cash, and thoil- equivalent in property of all sorts, nro distributed by swoops and art (!) anions. At this prosont timo tiioro aro .six £1000 sweeps, throe hotels anil — oh temporal oh mores/ — a newspaper plant nnd connection to bo drawn for. Be sides this, tho fearfully pornicinus systom oi distributing gifts at publio entertainments is allowed to outriigo tlio oouimuiiity, A legitimate show lias no chance against tho marauders who get up tkeBe swindles, and the theatres have had to eutor the lists against them, and givo awny pigs and bedsteads and money. If gambling is demoralising, how muoh more must this fraudulent moaus of filling houses affect tho menuB aud morals of thoso gulled — ohiefiy women and children — whowill save nnd steal shillings for a chance to get a piece of bogus olootro-plateoru "schlantor" wstoh. Amnua- ger in Wellington, forced to compete with tho regular gift distributors, told mo that ho sold £24 worth of tiokots in ono night, the chief prize being a watch that cost 23s. . It saved his business, and made tho ghost walk that would havo othorwise been uflectually laid. What is to becotno of tho profession if peoplo can convert places of nmiiBement into gambling dens 7 And yet, iu the face of this, tho Assembly squabbled for months over plaoo and pay, and dismissed a bill to stop the prautice without an hour's consider ation. 