Lismore, May ¿j 1877. AGRICULTURAL SHOWS. IT has been, truly 'stated that we should never despise the day pf Small beginnings, and no. doubt many persons doing the Sydney Exhibition could not but contrast its present appaarance with that of o"i)y a few years since, when, not ? withstanding the earnest efforts of M. JotfßiiRT, and his coadjutors, the Agricultural Society was but pöörly supportèd by the. great bulk of the busi ness "people of Sydney, and the Shows were only a partial success. Ño tv, however, a great change has come over .the. spirit of its dream, èaeh year's Exhibition being* ushered in by a great nourish of trumpets, is patroniséd by thousands of sight- seers, While the I'esidents in the Metropolis, finding that the Sho\ys put rïïOnéy in their purses, appear to do their best to make them a suc- cess» Judging by the commenda- tions in the public journals, the last Exhibition was aflêàd .öf others in many respects, although., it is said that the Agricultural departrneilt Wad not so well represented as it might have been,-the Live Stock and American and Canadian exhi- bits helping tb fill up the deficiency. Et is pleasing: to note that Queens- land strengthened the Weak depart- ment by lier contributions of useful plants and fruits, while öurClaröncö neighbors attracted some attention, and won some prizes, by their sam- ples of Maize, fruits, and obher pro- ducts. It must be a sad reflection to many, however, to find that no mention is made of any exhibits frortl this' district, beyond the Live Stock, and that a fertile district like the Richmond Rivei' should be con- tent to be shut Out from the eyes of the worlds and thereby virtually alio\v itself to be laid oil the shelf, in these days, appeal's very strange. Of course if a person sneaks in pub- lic of the apathy prevailing in these matters, he is met by the reply, " That it iâ àll awing to the timber," and taking îblia-b as à tèxfc> many are content to lot things take their own course, forgetful of the fact, that although the timber industry is riot a bad ohé foi à small pùrtidn of our settlers, there are a number of other ways in which a living can be made, and a competence gained, the most important of which in,-^+h<? wooing of our mother Earth, in tlié glori- ous ai't of farming, with all its sur- roundings, .We should say, let those pérsons who eau gain a living by timber stick to it ; but as in the time to conie not ten per cent.-of our population will be able to live by that product, it necessarily follows that a large number must look to the land for a living) --and there can- be but little doubt which will ' pay the best; In bur humble opinion it is quite time that many of us turned over a new leaf, and instead of repining ai; the badness of the times, and the backwardness of the district, set our shoulders to the. [ wlieöl of* g'ènei'àl agricultural pro- gress, aiid endeavor to show our1 tiëignbors. what we cdn produce. Thanks to the exertionä of a few far-sëeing. gentlemen^ Sugar bids fair to bèôomê a staple product hore; but as all parts of the district will "not gro w Sugar, so we must He pre- pared to suit the crop to the climate and soil, if we wish to make agri- culture a' sucöössi Nö doubt one of tho greatest helps, to général pro- gress iii this direction are the Agri- cultural ? Societies whicH are- rioW springing up and taking root. in this .Colon^ not .the least of which is the Richmond River Agricultural arid-iHorticultural -Society; which started 'by- a íew¿well-meaning and earnest, gentlemen:ianxious . for -the well-doing of the district, ; holds its third. Annual :Exhibitioh at. Casino, on Thursday, 24th May instant, and ;Which:is really^deser'ving of better support than-it appears to have re ceiyecl at the -hands, of1, all classes. We. are; Well aware .'that local jeal- ousies and a general apathy^ have at :tihnes -militated. "someWKat. against .theL.;Su.ccess'.'-pf :^tlitf.,/Sôçîè%VJ'-biifc looking at the matter in a broad spirit, whab ia to prevent our agre- ing to sink all differences, and by uniting together, send what we can to the coming exhibition, and so plume our wings for higher flights in thc time to como. The published Schedule offers a large variety of .exhibits, and though the prizes are sm ill, there .can surely be found sufficient good and true men who are content to cast their bread on the waters, and by strengthening the hands and flinds of tile Society, enable it to offer large? prizes, and prove to our neighbors that we are moving with thè times. The.sè local exhibitions ave good stepping- stones to the Metropolitan One, and wjth Our ferfcilè soil, and growing 'climate, we should yet be able 'i-b take a place beside other .districts, ih thè Colony, who appear deterntinód nôtt %b hide their light under à bushel. sIf we wish the district to go-a-head, we must sink all pêrsonal feelings, and strike down the (xiants Discord and Apathy, which appear tp hold many parts of the district in chains; and once their ghosts are laid, with unity of thought and action in all public mattera, Penco, sweot peace, would dwell upon our slioro; . ... . . A.n'<l wiiiit'and trimble vox tlib'láúá ño mórb. 