BIBLE CHRISTIAN CONFERENCE, SECOND DAY-THURSDAY, MARCH 1. Very deep and general regret was expressed at the absence of the Rev. J. Hancock through illness, and the following resolution of sym- <*> pathy was passed :—"That we deeply regret to nna tnat tmrougn personal affliction the place of our dear Brother Hancock is vacant at this Conference. We record our brotherly sympathy with htm in ins severe illness, and we pray that at, may be graciously sustained under the great trial through which God has called him to pass, ajjd if it be the Divine will we sincerely nope he iZiay be speedily restored to the Ministry he has so greatly honored and served with such fidelity. Weatsoadd our expression of sym pathy with MM, Hancock and family, and for their sakes we P*ay_ that the cloud that has settled around their home may be speedily dispersed." " The Bev. J. Howe, from the Victorian Dis trict, was introduced, to the meeting, and a most hearty reception accorded him. He read letter of friendly greeting from the Victorian i District Meeting to the Conference, and also - presented a copy of the minutes of the' Victo rian District Meeting. The Bev. J. Orchard, of ! ynil^i-at, also a visitor from the sister colony, was introduced, and heartily welcomed. The following resolution was adopted by the meeting:—" That the thanks of the Conference are dne and are hereby presented to the Bev. Thomas HiHnmn, for his able and suitable ; sermon to the Conference, and that he be re quested to allow it to be published in the magazine." ' A considerable amount of time was spent in considering the constitution of the Conference, as adopted by the English Conference, it-having been altered in some important particulars bom that adapted by the District Meeting of 1877\. Several alterations were approved by the meeting, and the English Conference wife asked to confirm them. The Pbsstobkt informed the meeting that he had received communications from several re presentatives of other churches, intimating their desire to convey their friendly greetings to the Bible Christian Conference. It was resolved that they be received on Monday morning at 11 o'clock. The Kev. J. Bowe having expressed a desire to be transferred from the Victorian District to this Conference, a resolution was passed that he be cordially received on the conditions hud down by the Knglish Conference. The Bev. J. A. Burns having completed his four years'probation came up for hu final ex amination, and the following resolution was most unanimously passed:—"That having heard the certificate read from the Biverton Quarterly Meeting, the resolution of the Koo ringa District Meeting,andthereportof theCol lege Committee, and having witnessed bis com mendable bearing during the years of hisproba tion, we have the greatest pleasure in receiving Bro. J. A. Burns into full connexion; and we trust he will realise the promise of the past by showing himself a workman that needeth not to be ashamed—a good minister of Jesas Christ." In the evening a service was held in connec tion with the ordination of the Bev. J. A. Burns. The attendance was larger than usual. The meeting was opened by the President giving out the first hymn and the Bev. J. Bock en gaging in prayer. The President then stated the object of the meeting, and called upon Mr. Burns to speak to the three following points:— His conversion to God, his Christian experience, and his call to the work of the ministry. On rising to speak Mr. Bubns said that he felt that to be the most solemn moment of his life —the time of his public recognition as an accredited minister of the Gospel. When about six years of age he was brought to God in the great revival at the Burra. He had abundant reason to bless God for the instructions of a godly mother. He could distinctly remember deep impressions received under the preaching of the Gospel and while attending the Sunday-school. And in a conscious enjoyment of the Divine favor he could rejoice in the fact that through Bible Christian influence he had been led to Christ. He bad no doubt that he had been moved bv the Holy Ghost to take upon himself the ministry of the Word, and in unfaltering confidence in God, and unerasing love to the Church of bis choice, he hoped to live and die a Bible Christian minister. The Bev. T. Huxkax, in a brief speech, moved the reception of Mr. Burns. He did this on the ground that he fully and firmly believed the statements made by Mr. Burns; and having the fullest confidence in his piety and abilities, he could, therefore, with the utmost pleasure, move his reception into full connection. The Bev. J. Tbewik seconded the resolution. He bad been thinTHng of the marvellous work ings of Providence in raising up young men for the work of the ministry. It was a time for rejoicing. There was often more difficulty ex perienced in obtaining efficient ministers than in the supply of men for the secular engage- j mentsoflife. He most cheerfully and heartily | seconded the resolution. The Bev. J. Wat then offered the ordination prayer. After singing, the Peesidhnt proceeded to deliver the charge. He said the relations which exist between myself and you are such as never existed before, and can never exist again. He congratulated Mr. Bums on his position. For four years as a probationer he had been laboring among the Churches, and they had , generally approved of bis conduct, and hence his presentpoeition. He had now left secular work, and his life was henceforth to be totally devoted to the ftacred work of a minister of Jesus Christ. He was not a priest—the priest was a thing of the past. He was a man among men, and his work was to lead men to Christ. The minister must be pre- eminently a spiritual teacher. We have no ritual, and therefore have the more need of the highest spiritual teaching. Various church matters would claim his attention, but the highest object of: bis life should be to preach Christ and save souls. In the prosecution of this work there were three 'sources of knowledge—the Bible, the Universe, and Human Nature. The Bible must be studied and its bidden spiritual meaning elicited. This is the minister's book. The Universe—Nature must be studied; crea tion and inspiration beautifully harmonised. Nature was a great fountain of information. Human Nature must be studied, and the minister's work was to lift up, to ennoble and bless humanity. To meet the various wants of congregations intellect and heart alike must be cultivated. A pure heart and vigorous piety linked to a holy and blameless life would be productive of the highest and best results. The Bev. J. Trewin offered nrayer, and the meeting closed. 