TALES AND SKET6HES. — ' 'V ? WHEN THE SHIP COMES HOME. '& CSSISTSIaS STOET, BY THE Lxrruass os 'BsiikT BIoket MoEliBor.' &Ct; CaAprra V.— (Coktikceo.) ; It eras a Saturday afternoon in early autumn. Ihe splendor of the seasou shorced itself oa country -sides in waring fields of ripened com; in apple orchards ruddy with their fruits; in woods where tree3 Eeemed to hang do«ra their wavy foliage in the still heat, as if faint with excess of pleasure. In London it showed itself by hot and glaring streets, by announcements of cool drinks in public houses, and by a smell as of an immense baking when all the children's mud pies, the cabbage elalks, the oranga peel, and the general refase of a great city were being slowly cooked in a great oren. In the Church of St. Ethelrcd, it showed itself by an unwonted splendor of tha painted glass. The colors which fill in tombs and monuments were brighter than usual ; the stiff knight and dame who knelt opposite to each other with hands clasped at head and foot ot their common grave received the i crimson rays upon their heads, and lost for . a ' while the asperity by which their sculptor had tried to Tepresent dignity. The sunlight played upon the organ beside the altar, and fell in a . cloud of color upon the patient face of poor little Charlotte Lemire, who was left alone, thinking. : Oa tho altar eteps sat, ado byside, John Wybroor .and Ilnth Warneford. Mark that ho has yet spoken ao word of love ; nor has she thought of love : vet they eit like lovers, only not hand in ?hand. Buth. has no holiday ; for eight years she ' has not eeeu esaside or greea field— instead is the great csoat of the Tower ; nothingbut etreetsand shop3, docks and ships with to feed her imagina tion, glimpses of the Pool and of the water stretching far away beyond her sight. They have been Hinging, and are now preparing to go home, for it is half-pa3t four. 'The young man has ieen -telling tho girl of places which ho knows, not far away, where stretch meadows covered with flowers from spriog to Utto autumn, the golden buttercup, the meadow-sweet, the wild convolvulus and -the cowslip— where there are 'woods and streams and cornfields. 'Some day, Eutb, we will go and see them. Some day, when I am my own master,' He added tho last words under bis breath, 'Ah I' the sighed. 'I have no holiday. It is wrong to bo always wishing {or things— but oh ! John, I do sometimes long for a little change — , jaEt a few days in the country, eueh as I used to have when I was a little girl, before— long ago. It would be something to think of in the winter evenings, you see, especially if I thought I could go again.' 'Poor Eatb. ! Poor child ! I wish I could do something for jon ; but I cannot— yet. I am only a clerk now. Will you have a little moro patience ?' 'Now you -will think I am complaining. Bat indeed, indeed I am not. I am very happy. I am core I ought to be. Only now and then, when the ran is hot and the atreetH are close, and when young gentleman like you, John Wybrow, tell me of beautif al places where rich people can wander lint! see sweet things, why then you eee it ia hard not to feel a little, just a little discontented, and if I am discontented, what ought poor littlo Charlotte to be ?' ' Poor Charlotte !' ' Look at ber, John, she will lit there so long as I let her. To be in the quiet church eoothes her nerves ; sbe cannot bear the noute of the other children : sue is happiest here. What if I w£re a cripple— do you think I fcboold be no patient as that poor child ?' Kuth shook her little head with a gesture of eelf-reproacb. What further Hoe the conversation might hare taken cannot e-ifely be asserted becatue it van then interrupted by a great trampling of feet and nofas of men ia the cbarcb porch. ♦' It ia the Alderman's day,' said itath. ' Lot us sit here quietly, and we chall see it all. The railings of the tomb are optned.' ; The doom were fluog open, oad there marched ? tip the awIo a proceuion. i'iret came tho beadle ( witt the gold stick of offk*. .He wan followed , by tho rector in fall canonical*. After iiim, somewbatmarrinfl the effect by an ignoble limp, \ cam* tba detfc After the oleigy, the laity, con- , tisibgirf two trustees, the rtboolmftfter, And a ; tail of six boys, A stray gentleman not belonging; to the procenion came ia After tbo rest, and at sight off him both the . spectators on the step* of the altar s|tort*V »nd ooe ol them, the yooog ma,%6h*ftfid40kiv '-EtmpmMrth*kkia, -,mi btmtuiUt,' «d4 fUitfc qoiefty. «ta» did sot fc»k ap, for «i» wotfld lim'JMa JrfbH Wit*** to» P'-* *»d thro flasn erf«f»B. ' Mr. Bakbia, ltttsiag oa * stick, seened to be wa^Atng tlte veretnony^ £t^he-W«&uaent.; i*Tq1b took ten minatcs or so, wjbon tho ^rocessto^'ye- ' fome3,t»dfinnTclie¥6oIemn\v but tttihe phurcli again.' An' W4 wo»iaiiv)1*OttO \\-E'tae, altoshoflso widora, left ihe doprs open for the ^tra^ger who remained behind. Mr, B&lokin;, who did not appear to ho ia any hurry, began to look round the ohurchj 'taking , the monnmenta-oneb.T one. ♦'?I most wait till he cjrues this, way, and spejkk toiiim/' sMd Sutti, John 'Wybrow bit his lips, font Baid nothing. He BtooS upright, arma forlded, in aa attitude vrhich might havjj. meant defiance, , . . . * ?'- Tub old^eutlemanj adjusting his glasses, went slowly along tho north wall reading ithe inscrip tions and looking at Ihe tombs. Bath watched him with a smile of amusement. *'How surprised he will 'be to see me here,' she whispered. ' : He was Burprised. 'In his surprise he looked when ho came upon the pair from one' to 'the other, dropping -his glasses. . ' John ! Ruth Warneford !' he cried. ' What is this? AVhatis this?' : --,P. ' Kuth stepped forward with apretty l%ugh. , 'You are in my church, Mr. Baichin,''she said ;' I am organist here.''. .',:';' ??,;- :.','?' He looked more surprised than;«ver'; angry, too. ' ' . ; ? ?'?'?'; ? ??- 'Explain this, John,' he said, without answering the.girl. .-?'.,. .,; . Then Euth began, to feel.that there wa3 some thing wrong. ' There is nothing to explain, 6ir/' said John. 'Tub is Miss Warnefonl, whom you kaow. She is organist at St. Ethelrcd s, I sing here in the choir.' 'So,' said MrvBalcain, 'that is all, ia it?' John Wybrow hesitated ioi & moment. Then he stepped forward to where Ruth was standing. ''Kb, eh-/' he eaid, 'that is not all. This young lady knows me by my name, hut8hed,oss not know that I am your nephew ; that fact I have never teld her. She learns it now for the first time.' 'You leam it,' repeated Mr. Balchin to Ruth,*' for the first time.' ' The words rang in the girl's «ars like a warn ing. 'In your presence, eir, and in this sacred place, 1 venture* to tell her, also for. the first, iime, t^iat I lovo her.' 'That ypn love her,' repeated Mr, Balchin. He took a eeat on the steps of the pulpit and looked at the girl with eyes of pity. 'That you love her. Poor girl! Poor girl' I' | ' And in your presence I aak her if &ho; will ; marry me. Ruth, dear Ruth, forgive this rough ! speech, but my uncle forces it upon me. I know ' your joodness, your patience and your trials. Come to me, W darling, and 'forget the trouble ; in a husband's Iovo. Rutb, cpme.' i He had taken her by the. hand and would have j drawn i3r towards him, but nho looked in Mr. Balchin's faca. *' Your nephew ?' she'falteredt **SIy nephew,' he replied. j 'Ruth, my darling, come.' She might have gone— she might bave taken.' that single step, aud fallen upon the breast that! was yearning for her, but for the look in the old ; man's eyes. ' Remember,' he said solemnly. ; Ruth snatched her hand from her lover. . 'Do not remember,' cried John, passionately. ' 'You havo remembered long enough. It is cruel to remember longer. What has the past to : do with the present?' 'Everything,' said Mr.' Balchin, sadly, ' everything. Ruth Warneford, I do not blame you. It is not your fault that my nephew has - met you. It is his that you did not know what ' kind of mad act it hag been towards you.' ; ' What was he, and what am 12' asked tho | young man fiercely. ; 'Mk that in ten years' time if I am living, ' and if you have found time to reflect. Girl ! Between you and. my nephew there stands a; ghoBt— the shadow of a great wrong.' 'Alas! I know it,' cobbed Ruth; 'I know it.' 'There is no ghost. It is the dream of a morbid brain, dwelling too long on thiagi long gone and forgotten,' cried tbo young man, ' Ruth ! come out of the shadows into tho light.' ' What was done by one of your blood eight years ago separates you from me and mine, unto the third and fourth generation,' caid tho old man. ' What was done yesterday matters nothing to«day,' pleaded the young man. ' Ruth ! Do you think I havo not known your etory ? Why, the tale of George Waraefoird has been familiar to rno ninco I wae a boy at school. What has it to do with you and mo, and with our lovo ?' 'It Jitands betv/oeu yon,' eaid his uncle. All thin time Ruth looked steadily at tho old man. There was no hope there, only a (item jus tice, before which ahe trembled. ' I have been kind io you, Ruth Warneford,' ho eaid, ' what the world cally kindncBB, Dut Jet that paB.i. Remember, however, that your name gives mo pain to hoar it pronounced. I Bhallnot relax in whatever help you may want, but I aek you in return— it is a littlo thing— to nond thia young man away.' A littlo thin;,' ? Why, all in a moment. When John took her band in hi», she know that it -wan her life, her happiness, bor all, that Abo was to givo np. She made no reply. ' Tbo idlo attachmontH of youth,' Mr. Italchin went on, (still Bitting judicially on the pnlpit otoir; while the gailty pair stood before hiou— ''Eke idlo attaohmeuta of youth mo quickly mode and quickly forgottou, You will laugh at this in a month, Rath.' ' Ruth I'— it was the other—' Rath ! ro« member our lutppy (lays together ia this old church ; our ereniufcs ' al your home ; tho sweat UJk that we have hold together] aro these to go fprinolbing V ? - ? 'Wh«t is lore,' asked the old m*o, 'ihat it i» to -ore»Jde 4bo jaostiacrod obligdtions, and wako daty » mwkwy J Oliild«n, Vould you prosper, with tho mMwry of Uio put our before jwT : . ?. ??. , ?;? . .?? } -. ,.. , ' : ' Tbo past ! oli I tiie pint, Lot tue deiid bury tho de»d,' oried John. ' Buth I If you will be «tfne;*e »ifi%urhiWr1-kott% ^Mtf «^A 4ts' ihntdfalTao&lonefl;'; w^-wUlvoto ^ei^teutdir^ where &&M-; pan xepltpacbtis ; v^ ViU'Sro whW tUe ^rui ot Bsftt0ti6k anu'Balchin .is Hot tiitfVn; IliavCjftlittlBinonpy, wewxll ? '' , , , , / 'TUmk.ofit, you^g Jady/'MmBalcluaaaid* bittor^j, ?' H«ia1preparpd ip- sstmfice Jiia future ajoaMs own Uappiness ; your future, -pud your happiness j t-- say nothing of nue— in order -to gratify liia whim, Y03, air,!! whim, ' She fanoy for a pretty iaca. Pshab. ! eir, what do you know about goodness ? Do yan think 1 don't know that this is a good ghl ? Do you think I .should treat her like this if I did not know if?' . '? . ' . : ?.',... ? '??' '.. Ruthjtook the old .man's -hand. He stood .up, as if to xccoivo 4iers, and eho laid J^er head upon Ms loEt arm— perhaps it was to hide het tears. ? ' ? ' ? ? ''My mind is made up,' shesaid. 'John, Mr. Balclijn is right. 3 can never marry you. Heaven knows that until this day, even when I did. not. know that you were his .nephew, I never thought of marrying you, or anybody, . ' What I feel now ? that matters to no one.1' Sho stoppsd herself proudly. ? ' The disaster that fell upon us, upon my unhappy mother and me, eight years ago, is between us ; we can never pass that barrier. Farewell, John, and try not to think about me any more— never anymore.' 'Ruth!' he cried, 'hear mo again. It is not my fault that this disaster fell upon you. It Ls not ycurs.' ' No,' she cried, ' it is the will of heaven. And wemust.bcarit.' , Ho turned fiercely upon iis r.acle. 'Youiave robbed use of my wife, eir,';he said. *c And you have lest, your nephew. This day I leave your firm. The partnership that I was to have had on my next birthday — that part nership on which I hoped'to marry the sweetest and noblest girl in all the world— you may give to any other you please. Leave ,your money where you. wish. I will never aee you br .speak . to . yon again, unless it is to take, my bride from you.' Ho walked half down the church, leaving the girl clinging to his ancle's. arm. -Suddenly a thought struck him and he re turned. . *' Ruth,' he said, mth a softened voice, 'in this sacred place, before this altar,'I! have one tbdng more to say. In the years to come I .shall .wait you. This foolish fancy, the persuasion of this selfish old man, who would,keep the memor able past to poison the, present, who sacrifices two lives to gratify bis revenge, will pass. I shall wait for you alone in my chambers, till I hear that I may come. Remember I can marry no one but you,' 'Ho waited a moment for an answer.' The girl left her hold of Mr. Balchin's arm and turned to the altar. Then she fell upon her knees and prayed, John Wybrow waited. When she roso again her face was lit up by the light of the ^western window which jpourod full upon her,? her hair lying low about her head like an aureole, ?eo that she looked as a saint might loxik. ' 'When what is impossible 'becomes possible, John, When George Warneford's crimo is': changed into innocence, I shall be free to marry you. And not till then.' John Wybrow knelt at ;hor feet and kissed her unresisting baud. Thou he turned , aud strode out of the church ? *' Brave girl, brave girl,' said Mr. Balchin. 'Leave me in the church,' she replied, faintly. ' I go iu and out of the vestry door. Leave me here. I nave to thiuk— to collect myself a little.' Tho old man looked at hor with eyes full of pity. ' Forget that headstrong boy,' he 6aid, ' he will be sorry, afterwards, for what.hesaid to you, as well as to me. Wo cannot mend tho past, Ruth, but we may fight itdown. Wo -must bear our punishment, but we may bear it worthily until it becomes a crown of glory. You are a good girl.' He left her, and as he walked down tho aisle Ruth might have noticed, had she- looked up, that his form was bowed, and that ho trembled aa he went. . But sho.did not lookup. She stood still, clasping lior hands before her, and when tho church door shut with a clang, she foil down upon the steps woeping and sobbing aloud. Tho echoes of the many reflected roof took up her crying from among tho silent tombs ; from the dun re cesses of tho darkening church, thero arose a voice and a whisper as of tho dead, who weep with ono weeps. Then littlo Charlotte Lomire, who had bcon forgotten all thus time, crept sorrowfully from hor nook within the organ rails and eat down bcudo Ruth's head, waiting. ; PrcBontly Ruth felt hor little fingors about hor soothing and potting, find oho looked up. \ ' Ruth, dear Ruth-oh ! Ruth, what shall I do ?' cried tho child. 'Nothing, Lotty'' Ruth aroao and put on her liat, ' Lot us go. 1'leoBO tell nobody anything at homo— only that Mr. Wybrow will not nomo ' here any more, and that I have got a headache aud am gone to boil.' That Saturday night there was dilenco at tint ProfcBsor'H. The violin was not brought out ; . nor wa» thoro any d&nciqg; ; and tbo children wore Bent to bed oarly. AIho Nottle and Lottie npeut tho evening— and w did thoir mother—in loara, '.??, CUAPTHJI VI. It was a fortnight or ho aHor the ilroadful day at Bt. Ktholrod'u when tho quiot of Ycndo-utroot waa duturbod by tho olaUoring of a cab on tho btonoit. It etoppod at tho I'rofoesor'n, and tho occupantn, couwuling of a ludy and gcntlomun with an old man of neafaring anpoct, knocked at Iho door. To Madarao Lemiro'u inlcimy a\xr\nho, thoy aikod for lodgings L»d({iuf{» ! Blio romomhorcd Captain Lovilions Tuolc, dud wont in search of tbo l'rofoaaor. 'Tho I'rofcBxor, then engagnd in teaching tbo youngest, aged two and a half, bin gonteel «k-i-», also ro niemborcd that dlntultroas qilnodo iu thoir life, andboiiUtod. Tuo Udy, wlto wm a yoatg lady, spolco for tbo ?'*?' Vf wo willy s»tUM,' nUo *»U. ' Wo ?b-ai-Tr»ntiuroe,l»»df9Out-;»si ft silting'toonv, |-ot wofoqairo irwjrJlUU attenittoe. Wo will giro/«n » referosoo to ft rwpecUMe Uvjror, And %& *Wvuf tbi ient for taree aottttisin ^ orewt.' 'i - „ ,*'ic»»-J» . UltoyrofesBor loote^ at Ms wtfe-JHieirtrirt^ % piwoe ! andtho.ront tirpo rnopthfi'tn A^'nc^: In five tninutcs tlio party were -upetaira, ufk Madnmo, wUh Kcttie, was devising injsans o| stowing away Iho displaced children, . \ ? Meantime tho Professor went in Bearph. ot 4$o, Iawyor reforred to. His lodgera gave 4bo aionica cf Mr. and j\Iib3 Elwood, ana Mr. Croil, *EhA lawyer know all about Mis? Elwopd, Tho^youiffl lady's father had died in Australia, tit tUa diggings. But his littlo house tvnd gaTd,eo, wvjr inithe centre of, a city, suddenly' Jjocome^eafy had sold for a large sum.; yes,' Mr. Lomiio J^^ight depend .on Mis3 Elwood.' It was odd thatiha always said Mias.Elwood and never spoko til 5i«t brother; but that, after all, was nothing, i&ind; the Professor went back with a light heart, and o full assurance of Jiis -rent for a whole year to come. ... He found Miss Elwood Bitting among- Aha children aud at home with all of thorn, And it was, fuuny, the children said, that when Ruth came in she knew her at once, and said, ' lou aro Ruth Warnef'ord,' and then shook /handa with hor; because, they said, how should flhO know Ruth when sUb djld hot know Kottie ? Aui in a few days the lodgers were so far Bettled 4a the house that they seemed to, form part pf'itUi *' family.. They wero quiet and sober .people, without.occupation, and apparently .without tUo wish to nnd any. The elder man, Oroil by name, who slept on the seeond'fioor and took two of tho boys to share his room when he found,-thati they would otherwise have ~to -sleep' -on- the landings, was clearly an ancient) mariner, a' fact whioh he, indeed, proclaimed aloud. He dressed in .navy blue and wore a fur cap.of .curious and eea-goin^ cut, He was a little i!manj with soft and dreasoj eye3 of a light bluoj and a very quiettmannor.w speaking. He generally carried inhis, loft vhao,! a cake of tobacco with.an open knife in his fieffc, and he whittled the tobaqoo slowly as be eat. -SM; regular intervals he Smoked,— ^nce(befp?ebi;e^^i fast, once after, once on the point of . eight. bDEa, once after dinner; once -towards tea time, &n;$. once after; once before ; supper, and once after. 'But not,' as be remarked to young HuperS Lemire, the eldest born, ',not to be for ever ,wi(^i a pipe in your mouth, as i£ you might i^fchl} stove of a lighter. That's not the way myJajt, for them as earns their bread upon blue.-water/' He used the pavement of the street .-at irauc^ times as.it did not rain for a promenade or emok ing saloon : when it was wet, he betook himnoS to his own room, a place which the children, uo.oa learned to regard as the home of all imaginable deh'ghts. And ;thay called him, after tho ifirit day, Ban, by his special request. The last - pip.0 of the day he tookjuy special request in the Htdb floor front with the other two inemhera :o£ tiia party. 'They were a quiet pair. The man, about thirty years of Bge, looked «lder by reasoa of tho Bcatterpd ;grey fhairs in hisiiulljbrp^n .beard and the crowa' feet round his eyes; across bis forehead nature, or some trouble, had.drawOia long deep line ; the hair had fallen from ; hia .temples, leaving a wide and open hrow ; faia lips were flexible and mobile, but they wora hidden by his heavy moustache and beard ; 'hia eye3 were hazel ; they had a dreamy far pCfloOk^ they, were fixed with a gazo aB o£ one who waits and expects ; bis voice was low and ho spoka seldom. ; His sister, unlike him in face, so much unlilca him that you would not have been able to traao even a faint family resomblanco, resembled -him. in one respect, that hor eyes, which were largo and of a hazel tint, had tho same far off : looli, and in repose, gazed out upon space, like hor brother's, as if waiting and expecting. She was tall and of such a figure as tho Gracos lovo ;? her head, crowned' with its glory of brown hair, ? was of such a shape as Phidias would have desired toe, a model ; horfaco outlined as if by somo poet inspired with tho sister art of painting. It waa a face born for mirth and gaiety, but tho gaiety bad gone out of it and loft it promaturoly -grave. A look of care dwelt upon it for over, but when she turned her eyos upon hor brother, and then * tho Bweotcst smile lit up hor features and effaced the lines of trouble round hor mouth. Observant membors of tho Lomiro household made out, in addition to their personal notes, afew other prominent facts as regards thoir lodgers. Ono was that thoy seomod, all three, -utterly caroless as regarded thoir food. On washing' days, that is, on Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday, whon tho mother of tbo family and tho maid of all work wore ongagod with tho duties of tbo household, thoy uccoptod, not murmuring ;as wealthy people murmur, cold boiled mutton, with or without potatpes ; thoy drank nothing but tea, coflbo, or milk, oxcopt Bon, who onoe a day, towardu tho ovculng, viaited tho noarost public bouse with an oznpty pannikin, which ho brought back full. They wont out, tho brothor and uiater, a good deal iu tho dayliino, and at night they always Hat uido by f-ido, with joined Imudii, boforo tho ilro, looking into it. Bon Oroil, at Buch times, Eat with thorn, bU logs galhorcd up umlor hi» cliair, his hoad against the wall, aound aoloop. fiomolimon in tho morning too, tho pair would ait uilontly for houra together. Ouco Ruport Lomiro, tlio oldoat boy, hoard th% latly pay, ftftor ono of thoir long mloncce, ?:; ' Ueorgo, if Boston Tom i» living, anyirhero in the world, wo ruuut find him, If ho iactoad wo iuumI find who and what ho was.' ' Aud on anothor cccmiion, Nottio Lomiro, fibiiig tomukothe lodgRra' bod, saw hor ou bor knooi by tho bodaido, in an ogouy of team, orying paa« liionutoly, ' Oh Lonl, how long V' llut Ruport and Nutlio, buiug tho oldoiit of tlto (look, had arrived at -yoarn of judgmont, ani kept Ihouo tlijnuH a f.ccrot. Thoro wnu only ouo other thin,'; rcmat'kablo about tho now lod|;oi'u; which wa'.i tho wuy in ? whioh Mi«y KUvood iio«[}b.'t Ruth Warnofurd'o cocioty. Now at tltiu timo Ruth wad molanoholy, by rcauon of bor Hhuttored lovo cmitlo, and wquI3 fniu havo uat in tillonco, but uho could not deolino Iho iuvitatiuau v/liich Miiia ISIwood i*hoivoro4 upon hor ; to drlvo ivitb bor, to talto toa wi(& bor, to uit -with .bor, to walk with bor ; aud it was dlliloult to todM tbe kindaooii with wblcU tUese Utvitations w«ro offoxod, nor tho B-uipatbj with wbiobrUio girl *wi«r»du»tly oucouragod do roepond1 , to ' Uieso . aAnaopi. Littlo ? by HUlo, Uutb found honoif Ulklog with Miw ttl«ro»d Stolen, on aho called hor— aa if sho had neon lor eldest friend. Besides, tho room npstaira was o roliof from tho noiso of tho children, and a qiuot evening with her now friends rested her after a day's hard -work at teaching. Thoy got into tho habit of sitting togothcr,talk ingiaa low voico to each other, \?hilo Mr. El* wood, a rcstlcs3 man, paced np and down tho loom in silence, and thoy talked aa if ho was not there, because ho novor upolto and novoi soomod to listen. .And ono Sunday afternoon Helen Elwood told ibis fifr) a thing which rnado her heart leap up and brought Hucb joy to her as sho thought could vcver como again. 