f j f o f a M ffiobern: IJt^Ijtsfojjjjdcs. "The Indescribable, Here It li done; The Woman-Soul leadeth us Upward and on 1" VIII. " Hohb at last, thank Heaven 1" exclaimed Canaris, as the door opened, letting forth a stream of light and warmth iuro the chilly gloom of the October night. Gladys made no answer bat an upward look, which seemed to uttsr the tender welcome he had forgotten to give; and, nestling her hand in his, let him lead her through the bright hall, up the wide stairway to her own domain. "As we return a little before our time, we must not expect a jubilee. Look about you, love, and rest. I will send Mrs. Bland presently, and tell Helwyze we are come." He hurried away, showing no sign of the ennui whioh had fitfully betrayed itself during the last week. Gladys watched him wistfully, then turned to see what home was like, with eyeB that brightened beautifolly as they took in the varied charms of the luxurious apartments prepared for her. The uewlykindled light filled the room with a duesy splendour; for deepest crimson glowed everywhere, making her feel as if she stood in the heart of a great rose whose silken petals curtained her round with a colour, warmth, and fragrance which would render sleep a "rapture of repose." Womanlike, she enjoytd every dainty device and sumptuous detail; yet the smile of pleasure was fallowed by a faint sigh, as if the new magoificenoe oppressed her, or something much desired had been forgotten. . Stepping carefully, like one who had no right there, she passed on to a charming drawing-room, evidently intended for but two occupants, and all 'he pleatanter to her for that suggestion. Pausing on the threshold of another door, she peeped in, expecting ±o find one of those soented, satin boudoirs, which are fitter for the coquetries of a Parisian belle, than for a young wife to hope, and dream, and pray in. But there was no splendour here; and, with a ory. of glad surprise, its new owner took possession, wondering what gentle magio had guessed and gathered here the rimple treasures she- best loved. White everywhere, except the pale green of the •oftly tinted walls, and the mossy carpet strewn with miinio snowdrops. A sheaf of lilios in a silver vase stood on the low chimney- piece above the hearth, where a hospitable fire lay ready to kindle at a touch; and this was the only sign of luxury the room displayed, Quaint furniture, with ho ornament except its own grace or usefulness, gave the pUce a homelike air; and chintz hangings, fresh and -deUoate aa green leaves scattered upon snow could make them, seemedto shut out the world, securing the sweet privacy a lumpy woman loves. - Gladys felt this instantly, and, lifting her hand to draw the pretty draperies yet closer, discovered a new surprise, whioh touched her to the heart. Instead of looking out into the darkness of the autumn night, she found a little woodland nook imprisoned between the glass-door and the deep window beyond. A veritable bit of the forest, with slender ferns nodding in their sleep, hiirdy vines climbing up a liohened. stamp to show their scarlet berries, pine- needles prioking -through the xnois,-rough arbutus lesves hiding coyly till spring should freshen, their, russet edges, aoorns looking, as if just dropped by some busy squirrel, and all'manner of humble weeds, growing here «s happily as when they carpeted,the wood for any careless foot to tread npon. Thjsise 'dear familiar things were as grateful ijgW of friendly ,faoes; S-nd, throwing wide the doors, she knelt down £o breathe with childish eagerness the damp, fresh odours that cams put to meet her. "Bowswest of him to-make suoh a lovely nut for me, and then slip away before I could thank him," thought the tender- hearted creature, with tear* ^n the ejes that dwelt ddightedly upon the troinulous maiden-hair bending to her touch, and the stnrdy grasses waking'upinthienewsummer. ' •' . 1 A sound of opening doors dispelled her menef>«d wlth^eirliih ^trepidation she; haitonedtosmootlrthe wares ot hpr bright hair, a*iume the one pretty dress she would ao^ptfrom piiTia,andcIajspthe bridal paarlt abputher neck; then hastened down before the Somewhat dreaded Mrs. Bland appeared. "•. Itpleasedher to go wandering alpee through the great house, warmed and lighted everyyhme; iorHelwyze made this his world. and ..Ip^Eilp »bpu£ bim every juxuiry *hiob tajifeb! caprios, or .necessity .demsntind. A mar?ellobaty beautiful and varied home itwetnad wonaertne suoaaea magnweenoe of the salon mmmrnm^ "f® " ' " her smile with amusement, or sigh with pity, remembering the reoluBe who tried to cheer his solitude by theee devices. One recess held a single picture glowing with the warm splendour of the East. A divan, a Persian nig, au amber- mouthed nargileh, and a Turkish onffes ssrvice, all gold and scarlet, completed the illusion. In auother shadowy nook tinkled a little fountain guarded by one white-limbed nymph, who seemed to watoh with placid interest the curious sea-creatures peopliog the basin below. The third ahowvd a study- ohair, a shaded lamp, and certain favourite books, left open, as if to be taken up agaiu when the mood returned. In one of these places Gladys lingered with freth compassion stirring at her heart, though it looked the least inviting of them all. Behind the curtains of a window looking out upon the broad street on which the mansion faced stood a single chair, and nothing more. " He shall not be so lonely now, if I can interest or amuse him," thought Gladys, as •be looked at the worn spot in the oarpet, the oruinpled cushion on the window-ledge; mut* witnesns that Helwjze felt draw towards his kin, and found some solace in w.tuhing the activity he could no longer share. Kuowing that she should find him in the library, where most of his time was spent, she soon wended her way thither. The door, stood hospitablyopen ; aud, as sue approached, »he saw the two men standing together, marked, as never before, the sharp contrast, between them, and felt a glow of wifely pride iu the young husband whom she was learning to love with all the ardour of a pure and tender soul. Canaris was talking eagerly, as he turned the leaves of a thiD manuscript, whioh lay between them. Helwjse listened, with his eyes fixed ou'the speaker so intently that it startled the new-oomer, when, without a. sound to warn him of her approach, he turned suddenly upon her with tbe smile whioh dxEzled, without warming, those on whom it was shed. " I 'iave been chiding this capricious fellow for the haste which spoils the welcome I hoped to give you. But I pardon him, since be brings the sunshine with him," he ssid, going to meet her, with genuine pleasure in bis face. " I could not have a kinder welcome, sir. [ was glad to come; Felix feared you might be needing him." " So c'uty brought him back a week too soon ? A poet's honeymoon should be a loug on«; I regret to be the cause of its abridgment." Something in the satirical glimmer of his eye made Gladys glance at her husband, who spoke out frankly— " There were other reasons. Gladys hates a crowd, and so do I. Bad weather made it impossible to be romantic, so we thought .it beBt to come home and be comfortable. " I trust you will be; but I have little to offer, since the attractions of half-a-doien cities could not satisfy you." " Indeed, we should be most ungrateful if we were not happy here," cried Gladys, eagerly. " Only let me be useful as well as happy, else I shall not deserve this lovely bome you give us." " She is anxious to begin her ministrations, and I can recommend her, for she is quick to learn one's ways, patient with ons's whims, fruitful in charming devices for amusement, and the best of comrades," said Canaris, drawing her to him with a look more grateful than fond. " Fr >m that speech, and othsr signs, I infer that Felix i-t about to leave me to your tender mercies, and fall to work upon his new book; sinoe it seems be could cot resist making poetry when he should have been making love. Are you not jealous of the rival who steals him from you, even before the honeymoon has set?" asked Helwyze, touching the little manuscript before him. "Not if she makes him great,and I oan make him happy," answered Gladys, with ail air of perfect content and trust. " I warn yon, the Muse is a jealous mistress, and will often rob you of him. Are you ready to give him vp, and resign yourself to more prosaic companionship ?" " Why need I give him up ? He says I do not disturb him when he Writes. He allowed me to sit beside him while be made these lovely songs, and watch them grow. He even let me help with a word sometimes, and I copied the verses fairly, that he.might see how beautiful they were. Did I not, Felix?" Gladys spoke with such innocent fride.and looked up in her husband's face so gratefully, that he could not but thank her withaoaress, as he said, laughing— "AhI that was only play. Fvehad my holiday, and now I must work at t task in which no one can help me. Come, and see the den where I shut myself up when tbe divine frenzy seizes me. Mr. Htlwyze is gaoler, and only lets me out when I have done my stint." , . i Full of some pleasurable excitement, Cauaris led his wife across the roon, threw open a door, and bade her look in.i Like a curious, child, she peeped, but saw only a small, bare cabinet de travail " No room, you see, even for a little thing like yon. None dare'enter here witiout my keeper's leave. Bemember that, dse you : may fare like Bluebeard's Fatima." i Canaris spoke gayly, and turned a. key in be door with a warning click, as he glanced fver his shoulder at Helwyze. Gladys did not see the look, but something in his words -seiiined to disturb her. " I do not like this place, it is dose and dark. I think I shall not want -1$ come, even if you are here;" and, waitingffor no reply, she stepped out from the ohill'of the unused room, as if glad to eloape. " Mysterious intuition 1 she felt (hat we. had a.skeleton in here, though it- is«uob a little one," -whispered Canaris, with kn uneasy laugh. ;•: " Suoh a sensitive plant will f(K ill between us, lam afraid,".answered H^Jwyzs, as he followed ber, leaving the other tp open drawers and settle ^.papers,like one efter to begin,his work. f - Gladys was standingin the f nil glarinfthe fire, as if its cheerful magio oould exewae all dark fanoies. Helwyze eyed the whitsftjure for mi instant, feeling that his lonely.aieathstone had; acquired a new charm}< then joined her, nayins; quietly— . & " This is the place where Felix and! have 1 lived together for-nearly two years. Do you like it t" . !: " More than I oan tell. It does ,ne| seem strange to me, for he has often- descrlBsd it; and when ! thought of coming here^I waa more curious to see this room thaa any other." . -,,•"" " It will be .all the pleaaanter hen Felix can spare you to me sometimes, and see the corner I-have prepared, J ; tempt -you here when lie. shuts -.us used .tobe his ; so you^will like it, I Helwyze paced slowly clown .the long] Gladys beside him^fiaylng, as ehe «bbut$a&,hangrily~ j, V.Sij.^maOy 'books I and, doubtless, have jread them all?" ' ••.".". '.••:is- ^ -".. -•'Not"quite; but you may^lf yofrwill. See, here, is your place; ; pome often; ibd\be s'ure- jyou never will disturb me.";. • • . ' But one book lay on the little jttfc|»i »nd its'white We^ all verietterediShbne Htiust " It amuses me to do these little things, and you must humour me, as Felix does. You shall pay for them in your own coin, so there need be no sense of obligation. Rest satisfied I shall get the best of the bargain." Before she could reply, a servant appeared, announoed dinner, and vanished as noiseleBBly as he came. "This has been a bachelor establishment so long that we are grown careless. If you will pardon all deficiencies of oostume, we will not delay, installing Madame Canaris in the I place she does us the honour to fill. " Bat I am not the mistreis, sir. Please ohani;e nothing; my place at home was a very humble one; I am afraid I cannot fill tbe new one as I ought," stammered Gladys, somewhat dismayed at the prospect which the new name and duty suggested. "You will have no care, except for us. Mrs. Blaud keeps the machinery running smoothly, and we lead a very quiet life. My territory ends at that door; all beyond is yours. I chiefly haunt this winn, but sometimes roam about below stairs a little, a very harmless ghost, so do not be alarmed if you should meet me." •elwyze spoke lightly, and tapped at the door of the den as he passed. "Come out, slave of the pen, and be fed." Ginaris came, wearing a pre-oocupied air, and sauntered after them, as Helwyze led the new mistr.ss to her place, sby and rosy, but resolved to do honour to her husband at all oosts. Her first act, however, gave them both a slight shock of surprise; for tbe instant they were seated, Gladya laid her hands together, bent her head, and whispered Graoe, as it obeying a natural impulse to ask Heaven's blesBing on the firat bread she broke in her new home. The effect of tbe devoutly simple act was characteristically shown by the three observers. Tbe servant paused, with an uplifted cover in his hand, respectfully astonished; Canaris looked intensely annoyed; and Helwyze leaned back with the euggestiou of a shrug, as be glanced critically from the dimpled bands to the nugget of gold that shoos against the bended neck. The instant she looked up, the man whisked off the silver cover with an air of relief ; Cauaiia fell upon his bread like a hurgry boy, and Helwyze tranquilly began to talk. " Was the nurprise Felix prepared for you a satisfactory one ? Olivia and I took pleasure in obeying his directions." " It was lovely 1 I have not thanked him yet, but I shall. You, also, sir, in some better way than words, What made you think of it?" ahe asked, looking at Canaris with a mute request for pardon of her involuntary offence. (tlad to rush into speech, Canaris gave at some length the history of bis fancy to reproduce, as nearly as he could, the little room at home, which she had described to him with regretful minuteness; for she had sold every- thing to pay the debts whioh were the sole legacy her father left her. While they talked, Helwyze, who ate little, was observing both. Gladys looked more girlish than ever, io spite of tbe mingled dignity and anxiety her quiet but timid air betrayed. Canaris seemed in high spirits, talkiog rapidly, laughing often, and glancing about him as if gtad to be again where nothing inharmonious disturbed his taste and comfort. Not till desert was on the table, however, did he own, in words, the feeling of voluptuous satisfaction which was enhanced by the memory that he hadabeen rash enougteto risk the loss of all. " It is not so very terrible, you see, Gladys. Yon eat and drink like a bird ; but I know you eDjoy this as much as I do, after those detestable hotels," he said, detecting an expression of relief in his young wife's face, as the noiseless servant quitted the room for the last time. " Indeed I do. It is so pleasant to have all one's senses gratified at onoe, and the oommon duties of life made beautiful and easy," answered Gladys, surveying with feminine appreciation the well-appointed table which had that air of accustomed eleganoe so grateful to fastidious tastes. "Ah, ha! this little ascetic of mine will become a Sybarite yet, and agree with me that enjoyment is a duty," exclaimed Cauaris, looking veiy like a young Bioohus, as he held up his wine to watch its rich colour, and inhale its bouquet with zest. " The more delicate the senses, the more delicate tbe delight. I-suspect Madame finds ber grapes aud water aa delicious aa you do your olives and old wine," said Helwyze, finding a still more refined satisfaction than either in the pretty contrast between tbe purple grapes and the white fingers that pulled them apart, tbe softly curling lips that were-the rosier for their temperat* draughts, and the unspoiled simplicity of the girl sitting there io pearls and shimmering silk.' " Wbsn one has known poverty, aud the ssd shifts which make it seem mean, as well as hard, perhaps one does unduly value these things. I hope I shall not; but I do find them very tempting," she said, thoughtfully eyeing the new soene in which she found herself. Helwyze seemed to be abiently listening to tbe musical chime of silver against glass; but he made a note of that hope, wondering if hardship had given her more of its austere virtuB-than it-had her husband. " How shall you resist temptation ?" he asked, curiously. "I: shall work. This is dangerously pleasant; so/let me begin at onoe, and aing, while you tike your ooffes in the drawingroom. I know the way: oome when you will, I shall be ready ;" and Gladys rose with the eneigetio expression whioh often broke through her, native gsntleneas. Canaris held t|ie door for her, and -was about to resume his seat, when Helwjze checked bim— " We will fallow at once. Was I not right in my prediction?": h« asked, as they left the room together. That we ahonld soon tire of each other ? Yon were wrong in that." I meant- the ease with whick you would soon learn to love." "I-have not learned yet. 1 "Then this vivacity is a cloak for the pangs of remorse, is it?" and Helwyze laughed ineredolonsly. . " No j it is the satisfaction I already fee 1 in thp atonement I mean to make. I have a grand idea. I, too,I shall work, and give Gladys reason to be proud of me; if nothing more." : , ,. Something of her own energy was in bis mien; and it beosme him. But Helwyze quenched the noble ardour by saying, coldly " I sse; it is tbe old passion under a new name. May - your virtuous aspirations be bleiti" IX HKI.WTZI 'was tight, and "Canaris found tfaat'tis sudden marriage tfidstimulate public interest wonderfully, There had always' beeniomething tnystsrious about this brillian t, young-man and bis relations'With' his patron; who was as silent as tbe Sphinx regarding his past, and tantalizingly. anigmatieal **>out his plans and purpoaes for the iuture. " Tbe wildest spsculationV were indulged in j many belisved^hem to ibe father and aon| -4>tberp aiu&e;&w;&ly; for. charitable oaprioeV and everyone waited with cariosityjtOi'eee the end of I^r^l-pf iwhioh mucb" amused H&wyze; 'wjio cared'nothing lor the world's opinio^ ind -found bb«eniw tepujEht'; home a wife who;e talent, yonth, and isolation seemed to render her peculiarly fitted for bis mats. Thoilfh love was lacking, vanity was strong in Canaris, and this was gratified by the commendation bestowed on the new ornament he wore; for as such simple Gladys was considered, and shone with reflected lustre, her finer gifts and graces quite eclipsed by his more oonspicuous and self-asserting oues. With unquestioning docility she gave heraelf into his bauds, following where he led her, obeying his lightest wish, and loving him with a devotion which kept alive regretful tenderness when it should have cherished loyal love. He gladly took her into all the gayaty whioh for a time surrounded them, nd she enjoyed it with a girl's fresh delight. He showed her wise and witty people whom she admired or loved; and she looked and listened with an enthusiast's wonder. He gave her all he had to give—novelty and pleasure; though tbe one bad lost its gloss for him, and too much of the other he was foroed to accept from Helwyze's hauds. But through all the experiences that now rapidly befell her, Ula lys was still herself; innocently happy, atanchly true, charaoteristicxlly independent; mountain stream, keeping its waters pure and bright, though mingled with the swift and turbid river which was hurrying it toward the sea. Curiosity being satisfied, society soon found some fresher novelty to absorb it. Women still admired Canaris, but marriage lessened hie attrantions for them; men still thought him full of promise, but were fast forgetting the first successful effort which had won their pplause ; and the young lion found that h* most roar loud and often, if he would not be neglected. Shutting himself into his cell, he worked with hopeful energy for several months, often coming out wesry, but excited with the joyful labour of creation. At such timeB there was no proBe anywhere; for heaven and earth were glorified by the light of that inner world, where imagination reigns, aud all thing-tare divine. Then he would tie in the gayeit spirits, and cirry Gladys off to some hour of pleasant relaxation at theatre, opera, or ball, where flattery refreshed or emulation inspired him; and next day would return to his task with redoubled vigour. At other times bis fiokle mistress deserted him, thought would not soar, language would not sing, poetry fled, and life was unutterably " flit, stale, and unprofitable." Then it was Gladys, wbo took possession of him; lured bim out for a brisk walk, ur a long drive into a whdeBomer world than that into wbich he took her; sung weary brain to slerp with the sweetest lullabies of brother bards ; or made bim merry by the display of a pretty wit, which none but he knew the could exert. With wifely patience and womanly tact she managed her wayward but beloved 16rd, till despondency yielded to her ekill, and the buoyant epirit of hope took him by the hand, and led him to his work again. In the interval between these fits of intel lectual intoxication and succeeding deptea sion. Glidye devoted herself to Helwyze with a faithfulness wbich surprised him and satisfied her; for, as she said, her " bread tasti d bitter if she did not earn it."_ He had expected to be amused, perhaps interested, but not so charmed, by this girl, who poaseseed. only a Bingle talent, a modest share of beamy, and a mind as untrained as-a beautiful but negleoted garden. This last was tbe real attraction; for, findiug her hungry for knowledge, he did not hesitate to test her taste and try her mental mett le, by allowing her free range of a large and varied library. Though not a scholar in the learned sense of the word, he had the eager, sceptical nature which interrogates all things, yet believes only in iteelf. This had kept him roaming solitarily up and down the earth for years, observing men and manners; now it drove him to books; and, as suffering and seclusion wrought upon body and brain, his choice of mute companions changed from the higher, healthier class, to those, wbe, like himself, leaned towards the darker, sadder side of human nature. Lawless here, as elsewhere, he let his mind wander at will, as onoe he had let his heart, learning ton late that both are sacred gifts, and cannot safely be tampered with. All was so freah and- wonderful to Gladys, that her society grew very attractive to him; and pleasant as it was to have her wait upon him witli quiet Zeal, or watoh her busied in her own oorner, studying, or sewing, with the little |basket beside ber, whioh gave such a homelike air, it was still pleasanter to have ber sit and read to him, while he watched this faoe, so intelligent, yet so -soft; studied tnis mind, at onoe sensitive and sagaoious, this nature, both serious and ardent. It gave a curious charm to his old favourites when she read them; and many hours he listened oontentedly to the voice whoBe yonth made Montaigne's worldly wisdom seem the shrewder; whose musio gave a certain sweetness to Voltaire's bitter wit or Carlyle's rough wisdom, where pitying won<ler added pathos to the melaocholy brilliancy of Heine and De Quincy. Equally fasdnatiug to bim, and far more dangerous to her, were George Sand's passionate romances, Goethe's dramatic novels, Hugo and Sue's lurid world- pictures of suffering and sin, the haunted world of Shakspeare and Dante, the poetry of Byron, Browning, and Poe. Rich food and strong wine for a girl 'of eighteen; and Gladys soon felt the effects of such a diet, though it was hard to resist, when duty seconded inclination, and ignorance hid the periL She often paused, to question with eager lips, to whips wet eyes, to protest with indignant warmth, or' to shiver with the pleasurable pain of a ohild who longs, yet dreads, to hear an - exciting story to the end. Helwyze answered willingly, if pot always wisely; enjoyed the rapid unfolding of the woman, and would not deny, himself any indulgence^ this new whim, thoughconscious that the snow-drop, transplanted suddenly from the frae rfresh jpring-time, could not live in this close air without suffering.- - This was the double life Gladys now began to lead. Heart and mind were divided' between the two, who soon absorbed every ; feeling, every thought. To the younger man she was a teacher, to the elder a pupil ; in' the one world she ruled, in the other served unoonsoiously Canaris stirred emotion to its depths,- consciously Helwyze stimulated intellect to its heights; while the soul of the woman, receiving no food from either, seemed to sit apart in tbe wilderness of its new experience, tempted "by evil as well as sustained by good spirits, who guard their own. One evening - this divWed mastery was especially felt by Helwyze, wbb watched the young man's-infiuenoevover his wife with a mixture of ihtereiL and something like jealousy, as it wm evidently fast becoming stronger than his own; Sitting in. his usual place, he saw Gladys flit\about^e room, brushing ;up tbe beartb, brightening tbe lamps and putting by the finished books; as if the day's duties were all done, .the evening's rest and pleasure honestly earned, eagerly Vaited^for.-'; He' Well |to'e%' .that ijiis pleasure consisted in carrying Caharis away to her own domalnjor^fthatwereimpossible, she would 'sit-silently loukiug at him while he Bubjeot hjs tn&stsr; chose to introduce, rf ; The desire' tomake-het f6rget the -husband, Whbse'neglectwouldhavesOrelygri her if his genius had npt been .his\«xcusp jn ber' uTghtj'Sid t ^y^^^BTorti ^ •becoming mfeire^ittfie vot fiaiiifc J • $ SSSgkMs with her eyes on the newly replenished fire. Above, the unignited fnel lay blaok aud rough with here and thsre a de«p rift opening to the red core beneath; while to and fro danoed many coloured flames, as If bent on some eager quest. Many flashed up the obim'.iey, and were gone; others died sniitarily in dark corners, where no heat fed them ; aud some vanished down the chaBms to the fiery world below. One golden spire, tremulous anjl translucent, burned with a brilli«noe which attracted the eye; andrwhen a wandering violet flame joined it, Gladys followed their motions with interest, seeing in them imsges of Felix and herself, for childish fancy and womanly insight met and mingled in all ahe thought and felt.. Forgetting that she was sot alone, ahe leaned forward, to watoh what became of them, as the wedded flames fliokered here and there, now violet, now yellew. But the brighter always seemed the strouger, and the sad-ooloared one to grow more and mora golden, as if yielding to its sunshiny mate. " I hope they will fly up together, out into the wide, starry aky, whioh is their eternity, perhaps," she thought, smiling at her own eagerness. But no; the golden flame flew up, and left the other to take on many shapes and colours, as it wandered here aud there, till, just as it elowed with a splendid orimson, Gladys was forced to hide her dazzled eyes and look no more. Turning her flushed face away, she found Helwyze watching her as intently as ahe had watched tbe fire, and, reminded of his pretence, she glanced toward the em pty chair with an impatient sigh for Felix. *' You are tired," he said, answering the sigh. " Mrs. Bland told me what a notable housewife yon are, and how you helped her SAt the upper regions to rights, to-day. fear you did too much." (To be continued.) —Second Pari of Faint. 