.December 18. "Since my last' oiir district has been visited 'by. thunder storms, wnlch,brought down some, splendid' showers, that will bo of !tho utiiiost service to the, crops. Thése.fin'e showers willbe'oi; great importance to the'cattle stock, as the pad docks: were ' beginning to look very bare, owing to the excessive heat.and winds. ?,' - - There wu's a làrge'sale of cattle at the' Central Hotel Yards oh Prlda'y.' Mr. VVáldron was the auctioneer, and the prices milisèd appeared to bo very satisfactory. . The whole of the oattlbi'amixed lot, about'two hundred,were sold. .Maize rules here at from 4s 3d to 4s Od per bushel. Wednesday, the 12th December,. was a red-letter day in Nowra ]'' this was owing to the laying:of the foundation ¡ stone;of the Church of England pars'snage, followed by a teii-nibetlng In the evening; and' a lecture by the Rev. J. Barnier, the'subject being .." Hugh Lutlmur." Tho .day was alli,that could be [desired, but tho races coming off on the'same day must, no doubt, havo interfered greatly with tlítí ut.tötidance ; however, a large concourse of people assembled, und at 2 p.m., Mrs. Hargrave having been pre sehtodwlth the trowel and mallet, for tho purpose of laying the'stone; !in.'a clear and distinct "voice, declared tho stone to'. be wolt and. truly laid in the name of the Father, of'the Son, and bf the Holy Ghost. Tho trowel and mallet were very creditable pieces of art from , the establishment of Messrs^ Flavellè' Brothers and Roberts, Sydney. On tho trowel,', which'was of silver, wus the following inscription : " Presented tb'Mrs; Hargrave, ou the 'occasion of laying the foundation stone of tho Church of England Parsonage. Hbwra. Deer. 12,1877." Tho Rev. J. Barnier then mounted the"*5tone;*and in* a "very- eloquent; forclble,^and, at times humorous speech, udvocitcd the sagacious policy of all con tributing towards the good object. The reverend gentle man's strong advocacy was rewarded by a sum exceeding £50 being at once subscribed. The treasurer,;W. Flatt, Esq., acknowledged £350 to be in hand, or as good. I hear the I " __ ,_.... tea meeting realised about £.13-a very good s tar ff or 'the parsonage, which, no doubt, in a very short time will be found rearing its crest and adding another link in the march of progress in our rising little township of Nowra.; '." L J All are glad to hear that the Cambew»rra mountain road to the Kangaroo Valley is being proceeded with, and ina very few months a buggy will bo able to travel without danger tu Moss Vale Station from Nowra. ? Tills will be a great boon and blessing s compared with. the steam com pany's arrangements ; travelling by steamer will then be a dead letter. . The weather is now very moderate cold at times, but far! preferable to the late oppressive heat. . / 