HODEBN THOUGHT. Br toeRot. J. O'Haxxkt, 8.J. xvn. FBESBIBOOO. Ztr all societies some one represents the •umbers, gpeaks in their name, and acts for titom; and they in turn ratify -whatever he baa done as their chief. Thus, the father represents the family, and the ruler, or rulers, xepresent the people. It is evident that areligious society should likewise hare its repre- •adtativcB to perform in its name those acts of public -worship to which, as a moral person, it is bound. As it is the duty of these represent;-fives to address themselves to God, to adore I; m, thank Him, petition Him, and, abort? all, as it is their duty to intercede for ffcor fellow-men, they should (at least by virtue of their office) be holy. Therefore, as private individuals are not allowed to speak In the name of any ordinary society, much leas should any attempt to do so in the name of-this. The representatives should be appointed by some competent authority, inch appointment once made (especially if made by God Himself), the acts of other persons would be not only illicit but invalid. In the patriarchal times we see the heads of families offering sacrifice. But when the family of Jacob had grown in bondage to be a nation, and came forth from Egypt to worship God as a religious society, one tribe was consecrated to God, at His command, in a special manner, and of this tribe (Levi) the family of Aaron was specially " appointed over the service of priesthood." (Numb, iii., Ozias, for venturing to offer incense, is ^S^bythe' p H e s T gifcting in his sacrilegious attempt, is struck with leprosy. (2 Paral. xxvi., 16.) ACTS OP PUBLIC WOBSHIP. In the same -way that the representatives at the religions society should be appointed by some competent authority, so, likewise, should the peculiar acts, by -which the society discharged its fourfold obligations to God, be determined either by the society or by God Himself. If a man happened to be living apart, lie night perform such acts as his devotion would suggest, but, of course, these acts -would not be public and solemn. Of this private character -were the sacrifices of Job for his children. But if the public aote were once appointed, and especially if they were appointed by God, then a member of the religions society, -who might by any circumstances be separated from it, could not, either licitly or validly, make any obange in the substance of them. In the hypothesis of God's having selected certain solemn acts for the expression of nan's fourfold duty, it is evident that, the •xpression of this duty being bound to these, not even the society itself could apappoint others, even though, in themselves, •thers should happen to be equally suited by nature. SACRIFICE. God, the Sovereign Lord of life and death, might have commanded all mankind to immolate themselves, and such immolalion would have been a most expressive acknowledgment of their dependence on Him for their being or not being; and, of course, a particularly suitable acknowledgment of guilt. Or He might have commanded some one to offer himself in their name. Thus, Adam could moBt fittingly have represented the entire human race. So might Noah, after the flood, have represented the new race of men about to spring from him. If God had willed the carrying out of the immolation of Isaac, Isaac could have represented the ile of which he was to be chief, but he nd not (unless by special designation) have represented the other nations. Although God gave Abraham the express command to offer Isaac as a holocaust, two essential things for a sacrifice were wanting. There was no substitution for others. Then, from the answer Abraham gives his son, and from the fact of his binding him on the altar, it is manifest that Isaac knew not of his own death, and did ; not consent to it. "Without this consent there would not have been the submission to God which it is the object of sacrifice to express. For this reason, even though a die for God, nevertheless martyrdom is not a sacrifice ; not only beoause it has not been instituted as such by God, and because the martyr is not substituted as a victim for others, but also because the martyr is not free to say, " I lay down my life. . . . Mo man taketh it away from me, but I lay it down of myself." The martyr mUBt lay it down, or renounce his alletriance to God. Against the fitness of any of these there was » further difficulty, the want of perfect •tainlessnesB before God, which might not, indeed, have proved an insuperable obstacle, but whioh certainly rendered them less fitted to intercede for others. But if there were anyone who, being Head «f the human race, should at the same time be absolutely immaculate before God, and who, being called on by God to substitute himself for his people, should be free to " lay down his life and take it up again," such a substitution would be the noblest of all. Whethersuch a substitution has been accomplished or not, we shall at another time conaider, ' ' In the Jewish law there was no such substitution. We have already seen that the 6 . . . tbimts' under man's aominion would be a suitable acknowledgmflntof God's dominion over him', and »pf the total dependence of his whole being on God, and the more precious thes^ "things were the more expressive would be the acknowledgment. Man has nothing more precious than bis life; therefore nothing could be more fittingly offered than what supported it. All food, that man eats becomes a part of him, and consequently may be naturally taken to represent his life; but animals, having life themselves, are especially suited for such a representation. Their immolation would be a vivid picture of the death man merited for sin. Then, that the various senses might concur in the external worship of God, and make the worship of the whole man—soul and body—more complete, there might be various accessories, not essential, but important in furnishing every faculty with its mode of worship, and in awakening and keeping alive devotion. Thus the incense might appeal to the nostrils as the "sweet odour that the Lord smelled;" and to the eyes as a type of rayer rising to the throne of the Most High, n like manner the splendour of the place of worship, and the magnificence of the priestly garb and of the ceremonials, would picture the glory of God to tha imagination, while the ear and tongue contributed their meed of praise in sacred hymns. Of course, it would not be necessary for all these acts to be united every time. Fcr instance, the canticles might be sung unaccompanied by aDy other act of Religion. From the foregoing reflections, we gather the two following ideas of the intrinsic nature of sacrifice. Substitution. Things naturally suited to represent man were, by competent authority, appointed to be substituted for him. Destruction. They were destroyed, either f Vf^l^' ^? 6^118 legitimately 3designated for * this purpose. The Israelites were not suffered to imagine that they merely made a devout offering to God, but it was declared to them, in the clearest manner, that they were to discharge, by this vicarious destruction, their fourfold obligation. "If any man . . . eat blood . . . I will cut him off from among his people; because the life of the flesh is in the blood, and I have given it to you that you may make atonement with it upon the altar for your souls, and the blood may be an expiation of the soul." (Levit. xvii., 10-11.) Not only was this expressly declared, but there were special ceremonies in the act of oblation to keep this substitu- tion before their eyeB. Thus the offeier had to hold his hands on the head of the victin. In all the sacrifices, except that for sin, he cat a portion of the offering, to show that he and it were one. And in the sin offering he did not do so, because another thing was to be expressed—not hit destruction, but that of his ein, with which, by not eatingof the victim, he declared he was not one. Bu; the substitution was placed in the most striking manner before the whole people once a year, on the solemn occasion when the High Priest entered into the Holy of Holies. One goat was' sacrificed for them, and one, loaded with their sins, waB driven out into the wilderness. Sometimes a sacrifice is called by the name of the special purpose for which it is offered. Thus Elcana, going up to Silo to offer (by the hands of the Priests) a sacrifice of adoration, is said to have gone up to adore. (1 Kings i., 3-4.) Sometimes, also, the thing signified by the sacrifice is called a sacrifice. "A saerijice to God is an afflicted spirit, a contrite and humble heart Oh God thou wilt not despise." (Ps. 1., 19). From the circumstanoes in which the word is used metaphorically, it can always be known that it is not used in its primary sense, just as it can be known of other words whether they are employed metaphorically or not. For instance, David here opposes to the external act the interior sentiment which gives life to it. [For this whole question see Card. Franzelin, de sacrif.] VALUE OF HBBBEW BA.CBHTCB3. I find a great difference between the sacrifices of adoration, thanksgiving, petition, and the sacrifice for sin. I am not Btruck in the former by a sense of deficiency at I am in the latter. If man had never fallen, he would offer to God the best he had. The offering would, of course course, be infinitely unworthy of God ; but, nevertheless, God would expect no more. This would suffice. Not so in the sin offering. God might have dealt with fallen man in many ways. He might have refused to pardon liim. He might have accepted from each one some atonement, though, of course, only of finite value. He might have pardoned man altogether without exacting any atonement. Or, being infinitely wise, He might have chosen some way in which He would obtain infinite satisfaction. Now, in the Hebrewjsacrifioes for sin it is expressly declared that the blood of animate should make atonement on the altar for the souls. (Lev. xvii., 10-11.) Therefore it is evident, on the one hand, that God-does not give up His title to satisfaction for sin. It is no less evident that if man's own efforts would be insufficient, the blood of animals would be still more inadequate. It is true that their innooenoe would in a certain sense render them an acceptable substitute for guilty man. But we must not forget that this innooenoe is necessary, and has no moral character whatever. Therefore) thers could' not be betweenthe eacrificer and victim such amoral relation that, when the victim died, the sin should die also.' (William of Paris, cited by Welte.) It is, therefore, evident that there must be tome other atonement, whatever it may be.. Without, as yet, examining what that atonement may - be, I see that, whereas Without it all is inexplicable, by its supposition all becomes clear. If ever anyone in •whom God should be " well pleased '' were to plead for man, the innocence iqt the victims, inefficacious in itself, would aptly typify His excellence. And if he were to die for man, His death would be aptly typified by the blood of victims poured out on the altar. A Hebrew writer, addressing his own nation, expressly teaches that this atonement has actually been offered. In his epistle to the Hebrews (Hebrews viii., 9-10), St. Paul teaches, in general, that the religious rites were but types oi the true sacrifice in the true tabernacle, and that the Priests were but types of the true Hioh Pbdbst, and in particular that those religious riteB indicated only a legal cleansing, but were ivefficatiou* for the remission of sin. 1\. He declares that the imperfection of the Old Law in comparisen. with the New is indicated by the fact that the High Priest could enter only once & year into the Holy of Holies,. " the Holy Ghost signifying by this that the way into the Holies was not yet made manifest" while the former tabernacle was yep standing. Which is a parable^ (type, figure) of the time present, according to vrtiiih. (figure) gifts and sacrifices are offered, whi;h cannot as to the conscience make hiin perfect that serveth" (ix., 1 sq.). However, thii figure and thsse efficacious gifts and sacrifices expressed the need of another sacrifice, and foreshadowed one in which " Christ . . . by a greater and more perfect tabernafle . . neither by the blood of goats or of calves, but by His own blood, entered onte into the Holies, having obtained eternal redemption " (ix., 11-12). 2\. The continual sacrifice of fresh victims was not merely a proof of their inefficacy, bit a type and a promise of another sacrifice which would really expiate sin. " For the law, having a shadow Tf the—good-things—to—come, —not—the_ real image of the things (not the reality imaged by the things), by the self-same sacrifices, which they offer continually every year, can never.make the comers thereto perfect. For otherwise they would, have ceased to be offered, because the worshippers, onoe cleansed, would have no conscience of sin any longer" (that is, sin for which no adequate satisfaction had been offered). . . . " And every priest, indeed, standeth every day, ministering, and often offering, the same sacrifices, which can never take away sin. But this Man, offering one sacrifice for sins, for ever sitteth on the right hand of God. . . . For by one oblation He hath perfected for ever them that are sanctified" (x., 1 sq.). 3\. The sacrifices of the Old Law were ordained for an external and typical cleansing, and through this prefigured the intrinsic sanctification to be accomplished by the sacrifice of Christ. The Old Testament was the type or figure of the New. The tabernacle was the type of the Church of ChriBt, and as it and all its sacred vessels were consecrated by the typical blood of the sacrifices, so in the New Testament the Church was to be consecrated by the blood of Christ. And it was this blood, applied by anticipation to the children of the Old Testament, that effected the internal sanctification of their souls, which the inefficacious sacrifices could only represent by an external, legal purification. " For if the blood of goats and of oxen and the ashes of a heifer, being sprinkled, sanctify Buchas are defiled, to the cleansing of the flesh, how much more shall the blood of Christ . . . cleanse our conscience! And therefore He is the mediator of the Mew Testament; that by means of HiB death, for the redemption of those transgressions which were under the former Testament, they that are called may receive the promise of eternal inheritance. For wbere there is a Testament the death of tbe testator must necessarily oome in. . . . Whereupon, neither was the first (Testament) indeed dedicated without blood. For when every commandment of tbe law bad been read by Moses . . . he sprinkled both the book itself and all the people, saying: " This ie tbe blood of the Testament whioh God has enjoined unto you." The tabernacle also and all the vessels of the ministry, to like manner, he sprinkled with blood; and almost all things, according to the law, are cleansed with blood; and without sheddiDg of blood there is no remission. It is neeessary, therefore, that the patterns of Heavenly things should be cleansed with these; but the Heavenly things themselves with better sacrifices than these (ix., 13 eq.). Before quitting this subjeot, I have some reflections to present to my readers on sacrifice as it exists (or does not exist) in the religion's of tbe present day. [Some of my correspondents will insist on quoting Scripture to me. It is to no purpose that I'have over and over declared that I. claim for it no authority (until I am.able to make good my claim). May I ask these correspondents what it. Scripture, and how do they know what it is or what authority it has? If they are unable iogive me any good reason for its authority, would it. not'be more rational to wait until we see if there are any good reasons, and in the meantime to content themselves, as I do, with citing opinion* and reasoning upon them, bat without seeking to impose them.] 