RUBENS. When the lion and tiger of ^Esop were fighting over I their prey, the fox stepped in and carried off for him- , self the contested prize. In very much the same manner Antwerp has acted with regard to the great question of Rubens' birthplace. Leaving Cologne and Siegen to fight out the question between themselves, the city by the Schelde takes, as it were, the matter £*i+a hop nnrn TinYida hr m«*inrr a 'RiiVlOTlfi TVntivftl OH & colossal scale, in honour of the 301 th anniversary of the great painter's birth, and, so to speak, settles her right to him by firing off many cannon and lighting forests of Chinese lanterns. After all, it is a matter of very little moment where Rubens was actually born, so long as the works of his life remain with us. It is of course interesting to have pointed out in Florence where Michel Angelo was born, or in what house the poet of the ' Vita Nuova ' and the ' Divine Comme dia' first eaw the light, but association has bo much to do with the pleasure, that it would be, on the whole, preferable Upkeep to these old spots than to hare some sapient antiquarians come and prove to their own sat'sfacion that tse house known as Dante's never felt the pressure of an Alighieri footstep, and that the Michel Angelo mansion belonged to some one else. To the world at targe it would make no difference, an 1 the houses would continue to be poi ted out as the dwell ing places of the greater Florentine poet and the great Florentine painter to the end of the chapter. In much the same way, Antwerp, if even Pe er Paul Rubens were not, in point of fact, born within its limits, still remains the city with which his name is indirsolubly and eter nally connected ; and any thing beyond that is matter of but little im portance. There can be little doubt that the festivities that have been going on for the last few days in the chief town of the Polder land, and that will last on until Monday next are of a nature to gladden the joyous heartandpiease the exuberant fancy of t.e great Flemish painter, were his ghost permitted to ' breathe the vital air ' in Antwerp once again, and behold all its worthy burghers have done to do him or rather themselves honour. The thunderous homage of the cannons to the heavens, the brilliant lights, the glowing decorations, the gaily costumed historical procession, the speeches, the inaugurations, the cere monies, all these would be gratifying to the luxuri ous taste of the painter who perhaps more than all others before or since succeeded in getting so much good out of the world, and so many sub stantial honours For Rubens is not of the Bohemians of art, whom a tardy admiration reaches after they themselves are dust, and their souls doubtless as safely with the saints as those of Coleridge's good knights. On the contrary, his life was heaped high with success of all kinds ; fame and fortune alike were largely his ; he was the friend, counsellor, and favourite of princes, and it is hardly to be wondered at that when the Fates were so libe:al o him he should have been gratefully liberal to humanity upon his canvases. The facts of Rubens' life— the great question of his birthplace always excepted — are familiar to every'one. We know how like so many other artists his wish to become a painter was opposed to the intention of his family, how he rapidly surpassed all his masters, how success came to him early, how he loved Italy and Titian, played a pro minent part in diplomacy, married two wives — Elizabeth Brant and Helena Forman, both beautiful women — and finally died of gout, the illness of the opulent, in 1640. But if his life may be thus rapidly glanced at and dismissed, his work cannot be so briefly treated. Rubens' position in art is one of great importance. Possessed in his pictures of an absolute individuality which remained unimpressed or rather unaltered by his studies of Italian art, he founded a school that effected a sort of revolution in art. His paintings have in them the glorification of success, of animal perfection car ried to an almost extravagant exuberance, or of a life that was one long triumph, of a nature that revelled in excess of form fand colour. It might be not un fairly said of Rubens that he was a sort of vulgarized Titian. With all his power he was utterly devoid of poetry ; as a painter of religious subjects he is utterly wanting in religious feeling. It is in pictures like the ' Rape of the Sabines ' that he excels, where a confused delight of splendid colour and suggestion of splendid form is all that is wanted, and the want is answered most absolutely and admirably. So, too, in the portraits of his beautiful wives, the substantial goddesses of his ideality, he is in bis own domain in art, but in all things else he is only ' the greatest master of the mechanical part,' as Sir Joshua Reynolds called him, and the master of his colour. He was possessed of mechanical gifts that, had they been combined with the genius of a Leonardo, a Titian, or a Raphael, would have made him perhaps the greatest painter of the world. As it is, he is the greatest of Flemish colourists, the master of Flemish form. His ' Judgment of Paris ' is a magnificent flesh- study, but from the presiding Hermes down to the pecking peacock, with its . absurd expression, it has nothing to do with Homer or Hellas, or anything else but an exhibition of largely made Low-countrywomen from different points of view. His religious pictures, the pride and glory of Antwerp, take rank justly among his master pieces, but they have less religious feeling in them than in a single finger of Orcagna. The famous ' Descent from the Cross ' ia in its way unrivalled ; every figure, from the man who grips the cloth with ' his teeth and clutches with his right hand the left arm of the dead body to stay it from falling, to the '; three women at the loot of the cross, is a great study, ; and the 'Scourging of Christ ' is a master- : piece of painful punithment, but they seem ; hardly more akin to the themes they '? represent than do the Scripture pictures of Gustave Dore. The mass of smuggling figures and startled horses in his ' Conversion of Saul ' is grandly given, but its grandeur owes nothing more to its subject than any other scene of frightened steeds and riders would have afforded. There was great tuth in Fuseli's observation that Rube:is 'levelled his subject to his style, but seldom, if ever, his style to his subject.' But with all that may l.e said against him, with all the execrations of a Blake or the changing cap/ice of fashion, Rubens remains a great painter whom it is but natural and just that h s native town delights to honour to- day. Whether these celebrations are in themselves things to be rejoiced in or approved of is another matter. They certainly would not be found to amwer in England; and the idea of a great festival in London in honour of the memory of Hogarth, or a Turner celebration, with cannon firing and flags flying, seems too incongruous or impossible to be worthy of a moment's consideration. But all nations have not, like ourselves, that indifference to art and artists which is a characteristic of the average British mind, a;id there is nothing more inherently absurd in the joyous and noisy ce'ebration of a Rubens' tercente nary tha i in a Lord Mayor'B Show. The worst that can be said of it is that it is a little troublesome at the time to those whose daily routine it disturbs, while the fact of its existence says much for the healthy humanity of a city and its people. — Examiner. 