RAEE000D LUCK: A FORTUNE EN" SEVEN STROKES.; JOHH MORRISON'S 'NATUS. n. BY R. E. FRANCILLON, Author of " Olympia," "Earl's Dene," " Zeldi's Fortune," &c.; Whitbeach looked upon Millwood as its capital, though Millwood was only a single house, while Whitbeach, even in those far-off days, spoke of itself as a town. But then Millwood would have easily contained all the scattered cottages of Whitbeach put together. It was the family seat of the Fennings—a county family that had been fixed at Millwood and hid owned the whole parish in which Whitbeach was, legally speaking, only a hamlet, from time immemorial. And as bath house and fishing hamlet, though, some miles apart, stood in an unvisited corner of the county, they made up a little private kingdom by themselves, where the mackerel fishers were the subjects and the Fen mugs were the kings. The present sovereign—Squire Fenning as he was invariably called, or, more simply, the Squire—was a roi fm,leant, a mere King Lo^, without a ma- ire du palais. He knew nothing of his subjects beyond the facts that they paid him rent and were a rough lot, and they knew nothing of him—scarcely even his features. Iu Ireland he would have been a favourite example of the absentee landlord, for he was almost always abroad. That was the reason why although the nearest magistrate, he h id never, heard of the Deadinau's Nose adventure, which was at least a ten days' wonder. Au.i as it iitui been in the green leaf of his jouth, so was L i i the dry leaf of his middle :;go: at the <;.: ' <;- twenty yeirs more he was iCiiy Loj .sd'.l. viv. ont even a stork for aj/eut or deputy. A.n > , his county neighbours he had the reputation rarer among country geutlemeu than at —of being a man of scholarly and artistic tasr- r. who cared more for noseless statues and bl i: .-: pictures than for public business or even ;'<» fos- huntiug. He had not even fulfilled tlie fi.-s duty of a rich man—which is, of course, t , make somebody a rich woman. It was not oui./ the Whitbeach fishermen who held it wron • that he slio-ild be content with an liei- prv sumptive in the person of a nephew. This nephew, Arthur, was the son of an oldc brother, by a beautiful Spaniard, >vho li-.l . better reput.-itiou on tlrm off the stage. For Iksake Arthur's father hud quarrelled with all hi frieads aiid ruinedall his prospects ; his broths. alone stood by him wi&h; bio re tiiuii co-iinobrotlieily aiTcetiou, but was tumble to help liin. Millwood w:>.s not- entailed; and tlie then Srrii, e a hot-tempered man, who carried oiri. his-h ' impulses in cold blood, disinherited his clue son, and left Millwood to the younger. When the aews reached the younger son th . his fiither was dead, and that he. ircjteurt taking orders and b-coming Hector of lioxtu... was to be the Squire of Millwood, he. was Pari:.-, by the deathbed of Lis elder biother, the disinherited hoir, whose v. ifc Iwd deserted born, her husband and her child. That he shoulu -row rich by his brotlie.-'u misfortune was bitter shock to the yoi;;:g man's scrupulous and affectionate nature—move bitter even than coul.i be easily accounted for by the utmost brotherl - love or the most morbid scruples. Then aiuthere, by his brother's deathbed, he made a vo v that he would live and die unmarried, that Sliiiwood might pass, by due coiu-se of iiiheritauce, to the little Arthur, whom he persisted in regarding as the rightful heir. He determined to hold Millwood upon trust, aud nothing more. Of course people kuew nothing of this; they knew only that he did not marry, and that he adopted Arthur as his own son. This combined result of unknown circumstances thresv an unsociable air over Millwood: the offensive marriage was remembered, and Arthur's mother supposed to be no better than she should be 1 , which was the fact, but a great deal worse tii -.n she was, if possible. And the new Squire hac; so little sympathy with his neighbours th:it his seeming preference for foreign countries was uot. wonderful. It was only seeming. In reality nothing would have suited him better thitu to settle down ai Millwood and spend his time in the societv—no; indeed of his neighbours, but of Horace, Hosier, and his other friends. But if there be any law of human nature that is true without exception, it is that one piece of self-sacria.ee for anothers sake gives an appetite for further sclf-s icrifice that becomes insatiable. He had begun by m^diii' Arthur everything, and in a very short tinii. Arthur became everything. The Squire was s:- far from repenting of his impulsive vow that im came to live for the boy; aud having tha f rv I need to love something, centred his whole a.ffe- - tion upon the young man, about whom tliero must have been something of the Spanish mother's power of fascination, so completely hiv uncle and benefactor became his slave. It was the great longing of his heart to k?ei> Arthur from all evil, such as had ruiued hi-. brother's life, and to make him the Englisii countrv gentleman that his brother ought to have been. But there was other blood th-i-.; that of the English Feunings at work in Arthur He disliked England; and so tiiey travelled about, for his wish was law. He loved plea sure; so they lived mostly at Paris, Vienna, and other places where pleasure is looked foe and said to be sometimes found. He had an art mania; so a considerable part of the Squire's income went into the abyss that yawns for th-? fortunes of collectors. The Squire never grudged a penny; he held that Arthur had a perfect; right to do what he liked with what ought to have been his own. Arthur did not choose to waste money upon the mackerel fishery, so the mackerel fishery was left alone. In a word, the Squire's self-devotion looked less like that of n recklessly indulgent father than of a remorseful man who wishes to atone. Every now and then they paid a flying visit to Millwood ; for every now and then a week-,or so of deliberate ennui, to give new zest to pleasure, was Arthur's whim; and these rare visits were the Squire's holidays, giving him hopes that his adopted son would at last turn to an English life after all. And it was on one of these occasions, when Arthur Fenning was a precociously blase old man of twenty, that, in order to kiil time rather than game, he carried his gun from Millwood to Flagstaff Hill. Ho. was ore of those handsome men to whom it is almost la^ul to rpply the feminine ter n of beautiful: :.nd yet there was nothing womanly abont him but his glorious Spanish eyes, as soft id- cieep as Lis mothers must.have been, and with a yiorld of sleeping passion in them. Th-iy were the eyes of one who is all fire, impulse— whose whole soul is always at large. But the one reason why the word Beautiful cannot guite be applied to the southern richness of colouring and grace of form, worthy of his southern eyes, is that Beauty means Harmony—and his features comprised one curious and puzzling discord. Although so young his well-shaped lips were a flat contradiction to his eyes; they were without grace—firm and resolute as if there were no such thing as Overmastering passion iu j the world. One of the class of wiseacres called physiognomists would "be safe to asiert one of two inconsistent things; either that he had already mastered a passionate nature, or else that he would set himself deliberately to con : quer everything and everybody that, had the ill- fortune to stand in the way of any passion of his whatever it might be—that he combined southern impulse with northern endurance. But as that is the same thing as te assert thit he was likely to turn out either the best or the worst of men, it is to assert very little. And it is certain that hitherto nobody had ever stood in the way of his slightest whim. " What a strange craze," he reflected, as he strolled along idly with his gun, "it is of my uncle's to find vegetation bearable in such a corner! Why life is slow enough—and he would ike to see me in a red coat running after dogs and vermin like an idiot let loose from an asylum. Three whole weeks without the ghost of an adventure—well, thank Heaven, my promise only keeps me here for -one week more, tut that's seven days—seven nights—let me see —it's one hundred and sixty-eight hours. No — I won't turn it into minutes; it would be too terrible. M never make such a promise again: Tve had enough of Millwood this bout to last me all through eternity. But I cant get through another week like this: that's simply impossible. Something must happen—something must be done. I begin to understand what makes men take to drinking, and how they begin. Shall I try it?—No: it would unsteady my hand." (Arthur Fenning was a famous pistolshot, and prided himself, though a poor sportsman, upon being able to hit the ace of spades, at twenty paces, six times running.) " There's not a man to play so much as tnoro with, nor a woman fit for the meekest flirtation. But—there's a hill! I'll go up it, and 111 come down again— that will be something to do._ It will kill two of my one hundred and sixty-eight enemies." Clearly Arthur Feuning was not an eager sportsman; he carried his gun as a matter of form, and let his two well-bred hut ill-trained pointers ramble as they pleased. Nor was he suffering from anything worse than ennui—ennui at twenty, to which forty looks back with a regretful smile. He called to his dogs, and began the rough ascent up Flagstaff Hill, which lay between and the sea. It was an idle choice of ways, signifying nothing and carried out in idleness—and it was the turning point of at least four lives. In half an hour or less he reached the summit, and stood by the broken pole that gave the hill its name. The turf sloped down from his feet to a sharp and sudden edge, under which, some hundreds of feet below, lay the sea. " I was wanting a sensation just now," lie thought. "How would it t3 to try spinning through the air into the water for a change 'i A good quick, sharp, sudden de-ith may be the most exquisite delight in the world—nobody caa tell. And it is certain that the best pleasures are the ones that are soonest over. I have hilf a mind to try," he thought, more idly than ever. " One whirling moment, whether pleasure or pain, would be an improvement on a week more at Millwood, any way. But then it might not be i leisure—and that would be st sell. I wi-'i I ki:ew. What c, glorious pleasure it ought t> ue—to feel oneself, lor a whole moment, tlyin^ dewu into eternal cli;'os; it would be the vfv sensation of Lucifer, when he '.vent down. V i —I think I must throw myself utr the higbe -1 cliff I can find—some day— just to kaow ho-.v i f. feels. Juso now, as Pve been up, and found very nearly half an idea, I'd better go down. O' J hi'a top's very much like another, after :ii.". Things are all very much alilie somehow ; i they "get more and more alike every d;ty. i woiider what's the common type to which they". tending r Nothing, Fm afraid. I wish I iwl <• taste for fox-hunting, or butterfiy- lnmtiug, or : gr:;rd p; ssloii, or something. Pluto!—Juno!— Well—there are only one hundred and si::t.,- seven hours now." He turned to godovm the hill again, after t-V. i illustrious »-.xsiRple ol the King oi France, '.viv ± a slight wl iiu on the part of 2\\.'>t'ire caught I.is idle Wod. A thin mist, liki? a iio.-niag muss - i grey gauze, was comiiig ur. the slo;:e xroui tl e damp ei'juuu below. It w..s a mi-re Slvi, out t which fiu.cy could easily manufacture transit- t I shapes ox giants, dtw UH, fa-i. ies, aiul mor tf.er- ; it did not cr;<wi up Ui^e a hea'.'y fog. but l-.iu i'p like smoke, or. i.s it came nearer, more liKt a siielitsea without waves. But. it also grew close thicker-, and whiter as it came nearer, tiil Arthur Feiiiiir.g found himself standing on a grec.i island ii. the middle of a sea of white mist th ^t hid everything round him. Though lie had been thinking of suicide, ivj did notlike the notion of a wet walk home ; h-i called his dogs again, and set out to return soon as possible. But before long he began to find going down not quite so easy as coming ' p hiid been. Everybody will at once recognise the difEcul; y of trying to descend a long hill, without paths, upon which he has never been in liis life before, and without, being able to see more than a yard before him. It was not many minutes befo; e Arthur Ferning became aware that he had lost his way; and that it was impossible to try xo prefer one direction to another. The sound of the sea could not help him, because that seemed to come from every side at once: and there \v. s not a breatl: of wind, or the fog would not have been there at all. He knew that the sun w: s ntar setting, and 60 much the worse for him. Before long the white mist grew into a dark grey drizzle, and became so thick that he could not see his hand before his eyes. Iu short, he was in a dense sea fog, and was himself altogether at sea. But that was not the worst of it. A vetting ard a longer walk home than he intended mereiy meant discomfort-; but there was actual, even pressing danger. He had seen enough of Flag- staff Hill on the way up to know that the sharp edge at the summit was not the only edge, sharp and sheer, that overhung the sea. He could not tell whether he was walkiug shoreward or se t- ward; he only knew that anv one step, in an : direction, might send him down—in that g'.o rious fashion of which he hod been dreaming. The new and untried sensation did not look 1 ) any means so glorious now—hisambitioii to sympathise with Lucifer was entirely gone. "Juno!—Pluto!" he called again; but hfo dogs seemed to have gone home or elsewhere their own way, in scorn for so unsympathetic -i sportsman. He had not even their instinct to trust- to, realized unpleasantly that reason, when things are not as clear as daylight, is but a poor guide. What was to be done ? It was not a pleasant prospect, that of spending a whole long wet night in a sea fog on a hillbide; but even that was preferable to risking a still longer night with a broken neck at the bottom. It was obviously the safe thing to sib down where he was and wait till morning. But then that situation, though comparatively safe, wss ridiculous. He liked adventures that were creditable to himself in the telling, and there was no credit in sitting down all night in a fo^ for fear of broken bones. Naturally he lost his temper, and gave the hill a round oatli or two in more than one language. But that did not mend matters. And even while he was growling "Sacrd " his foot slipped, his gun went off, and down he went, head over heels. And he learned, by practical experience, that the first step into eternal chaos was the least glorious sensation he had ever known. But even this bad its ridiculous point of view. Instead of reaching chaos, he only reached a very hard stony floor, covered with prickly brambles, a few yards below. It was now no longer dark grey, but pitch black; the night had mixed with the fog and made a double darkness. And for aught he knew to the contrary, he might have fallen upon some narrow ledge from which the slightest movement might tftrow m 'n— indeed the roar of the s^a over th; 1 rocks ->wnea -to come from immediatelv below. " lya9 doomed not oi.ly to spend the night in 'this unpleasant and dangerous spot, but to pass hour a after hour, without moving a foot or finger. And then his uncle would be scouring the whole neighbourhood in ; the morning, ana perhaps he would be found where he couhl not escape without help, : and be laughed ac Hy the whole circle of foxhunters and their daughters —people whom he despised. Or he might not be found—and he really had the hitherto untried sensation of a man who Ins had "to go without his dinner. He felt for his gun; iti.might be useful as-a sigiial. But it had fallen away from his hand, and Be dared not grope for it. It was a real adventure at last—and he preferred ennui. " Ahoy!" shouted a voice above "him, or from somewhere. " Ahoy! .What fool's shooting at a sea- fog for a hare ? You must be as drunk as an owl!'? :•:"'• " Get me out of this, whoever- you are V shouted Arthur in reply. " IVe lost my way." " What—your're not Tom Co"bbIe 2 I thought 'twas'a curious thing for a man to' shoot -when he eould'nt see to aim-^so you're dow&.' in that hole, are you ? Wait a bit and FIT toon j have youout again." '< Arthur beard a crackling rush, as if 'somebody were taking a plunge -through a wad of bramble;, and then felt his arm seized hy a hand—a welcome clutch, though it was like a grasp of iron. " You keep still, and whatever you do, don't move till I tell you. Here—take my bther hand. Now—get on your legs—lean towards me. AI) right, so far. Now catch hold of my jacket—here—and go where I go. You'll have to scratch your face a bit, but never mind. Now, your left foot up—hold on hard to mo—don't; leave g;o whatever you do—that's it. Now 'then, a good step up—take my hand now—heave up —and here we are. You're all right now.* It had been a far from pleasant .scramble, through thick gorse and bramble that tore cheeks and clothes, and up over a bank of flints that kept slipping from under his feet and rolling down till their echoes were heard formidablyfar away. Arthur could- not see his guide, who was to him only a mellow, genial voice and an iron hand. He was even now less grateful than displeased with himself;, he did not like to fed himself at a disadvantage with any man. . And then a new and by no means comfortable suspicion seized him; though anything but-a coward his nerves had been well shaken, and he was on unfamiliar ground, while a formless voice in the dark is always an uncanny thing to a quick fancy. From what the man of the iron hand had let drop, he was a poacher: and that the Whitbeach fishers were " a rough lot," was all he knew of them. "And a rough Whitbeach poacher might not be too particular about what he: caught in a -lonely spot in a dark night when fortune threw in his way a young gentleman whose outside, at least, was of considerable value. Arthur . Fenning was sorry he had lost his gun. • " And now you're -well out of it," 'said his guide, " I don't mind telling you it was a 1 , piece of rare good luck I came by thus way. You were just on a bit of a shelf where there's more men and boys gone over than anywhere else on Deadman's Nose -thafs where- you were. One step farther—andPff!—yours would have been the dead man's nose. But ifs wonderful the luck X do have to be sure." BENEFIT OF SIGNORA MAJEEONI. — White's Room twas filled to overflowing on Saturday evening with an enthusiastic audience, when Signora Majeroni took her benefit, which in every sense might fairly be termed a thoroughly complimentary one. His Excellency the Acting- Governor aud suite were present throughout the peifoiinance. The piece presented was that enii tionaladaptation from the French''C-imille,'' which is unfortunately usually included in the repertoire of the majority of star actresses. We say unfortunately, because we regard plays such as " Camille" and others of its class as having anything but an elevating teudency, and in our opinion they are not even amusing. The prominence given to a phase of life which, to put it mildly, is at least vulgar, and the quantity of morbid French seutiment and very questionable morality with which the plot is replete are not calculated to please those who appreciate the good and true in nature and art. Althongh pieces of this description may be liked by some tbo effect produced cannot possibly he a healtliy or desirable one. Apart from these objections it may be admitted that the dramas in question give scope for powerful emotioual acting, and consequently are popular with actors and actresses ; but at t he same time we feel certain that the charming and accomjlislied lady who has pro\ed before this that she is capaLle of better things, will find her truest success iu a higher walk cf art. The fair Signora gave a very artistic :uid telling impersonation of the heroine, theL:.dy of ti e Camellias; and whether iu the earlier "scenes as the gay, coquettish woman of pie?sure, or in delineating the noble seli-sac-i ifice which purifies the later acts of .her life, she was thoroughly natural ana effective, but more particularly in the death-scene, which was presented with much pathos and realism. The applause throughout was loud and hearty, and a number of handsome bouquets were presented to the benfjiciare. The other characters iu the play were fairly portrayed by the members of the company. Mr. Douglas gave a gentlemanly hut rather subdued presentment of the hero, Armand Duval, Mr. Martin as his father was as usual well made up and acted with epir't and discretion, and Messrs. Boothman, Dunn, South, Forde, and Barry filled with credit the smaller parts oE Gaston, De Varville, Guslave De Giray, and the Doctor. Miss Crawford meant well, doubtless ; but made the not toe-refined character of Madame Prudence almost insufferably vulgar. Misses Douglas, South, and Everard rendered the roles of Nanine, Olympe, and Nichette. We are exceedingly glad t« be able to announce that in deference to what we know to be a widelyexpreseed wish, Signor Majeroni has been induced to continue his season for six nights longer, anring which time he will reproduce several of the plays which have met with such general approbation. Judging by the good attendances with which he has been favoured during the past few nights, it really looks as though the public had at length become thoroughly awakened to the merits of the admirable performance which he presents. THEATRE ROYAL.—There was a good attendonce in the gallery and lower parts of the house at this place of amusement on Siturday night, July 21, and a fair average dress circle audience. Mr. Emmet appeared once more in the part of Fritz, in which he was well supported by the company, and afforded a good deal of amusement. EIGHT HOURS CELEBRATION.—A meeting of persons interested in the eight hours' movement was held at Port Adelaide on Thursday evening, July 19, for tbe purpose of forming a local Committee to act in connection with the Adelaide General Committee in carrying out the celebration of the anniversary of this movement. There was a good attendance, and Mr. S. Webster presided. After some discussion it was resolved to form a Committee and to appoint delegates to wait upon the Adelaide Committee, also upon the Port Adelaide Working Men's Association, with the object of endeavouring to make the day a general holiday. It was stated by Mr. Cheyne, on behalf of the Working Men's Association, that that Association bad made arrangements from which they could not very well withdraw, but he hoped that next year they would be able to join in the holiday. PORT AUGUSTA RAILWAY.—The Government are calling for tenders for the construction of a temporary jetty and an embanked approach thereto in connection with the Port Augusta Railway. NOT BY BOLD COMPETITION, but by mean imitation and counterfeiting, the pettifogging schemers who are trying to find a market for their bogus beverages in Australia and elsewhere, seek to rival the famous UDOLPHO WOLFE'S SCHIEDAM AROMATIC SCHNAPPS. These nostrums are, many of them, imported from abroad, and are sold in bottles which formerly held tbe article taey are endeavouring to supplant. Fortunately for the public, they are unsuccessful aa a rule. 61 