The Goblin Gingham. Kind ladies and gentlemen, list to my woes, Though I've hardly the strength left to sing 'em, The cause of my griefs you would hardly suppose. Is a horrible old fashioned gingham. It's useless, I know, for it lets in the rain, And the shabbiest beggar would scout it, Although it's the cause of my sorrow and pain, Yet I can't move a footstep without it. I once had an aunt, very sad to relate, And on her death bed she addressed me, She'd left all the others the jewels and plate, But she^ gave me this gingham and blessed me. She said it was worth all the wealth of a prince, I was never to scout or abuse it, I've been trying to find out its worth ever since, Oh ! will i oboly help me to lose it ? I took it to pieces in hopes I might find Either silver or gold p'raps within it; But nothing was there, and my whole,piece of mind Is destroyed, and I can't sleep a minute. I leave it at houses, it comes back next day, And one day in the riyer I shied it— A boy brought it back with a shilling to pay— Oh, will nobody help me to hide it ? I once tied it up in a very nice case, And persuaded a friend to accept it; A week had elapsed—there was joy in my face, For I fondly believed he had kept it; Next morning a large case arrived from abroad, It's a present, thought I, from some fellah ! There was carriage two pounds, which I could'nt afford— Alas ! 'twas that fatal umbrella ! I made a large bonfire beautifully bright, With the gingham stuck up in the centre, I locked all the doors when I left for the night, And I ordered that no one should enter. Next morning I fancied my woes at an end, It's a long lane that has'nt a turning, I raked up the ashes, and there was my friend, P'rhaps a little improved by the burning. I'm cut by my friends, and my hair's turning grey, And I feel that it can't last much longer— Although I grow weaker and weaker each day, Yet my hate for the gingham grows stronger. I feel it won't leave me as long as I've breath, And my woes to the grave I shall bring 'em; I know I shall be even after my death Still pursued by the ghost of a gingham. " CLEANLINESS is next to godliness," therefore its soap (its hope) that's next to faith, and before charity. WHEN is water like equity ? When newly frozen, because it is then just ice (justice). ^ IF a man could build a tree by manual labour what tree would be produce ? A palm tree, of course ? 