'.$ifc-9^m;$*imp. ..., :;?; [PUBLISHED; DAILY.] ?; 1 Monday, January 15,87. ';PROMOTENT,"in importance, of the mea-, sures included what may be termed the. social politics-of--the"xonntry"which"'were passed last session,'-'is'-the-Act for the con- solidationjiaftdvjaniendmoiit of the law i relating to Friendly and other Societies, which came into; operation on the first day of the present month. " The advisability, 'of having fresh legislation oh- this.subject was suggested by. Mr. W. H. - Groom, the member for Toowoomba, two sessions age, who succeeded in obtaining the appoint- [meat of a Select Committee of the Legislative Assembly to enquire into the working of these institutions in this colony, Although that committee devoted a large amount of, time, and attention to their '¦ work, and took a great deal of evidence, it may be regarded as a. fortunate circum stance that no practical result; was given to the, investigations and labors, inas- much as in the, same subject was then receiving the consideration of the Imperial Parliament. The delay thus occasioned was productive of benefit, for granting the ability, of our Parliament to, deal with such a matter in the comprehensive map,-, nor it deserved there is no doubt that, in regard to it, as, to all other matters, they do well to avail themselves of the greater wisdom and experience which directs the legislation of the parent country. The Act now in force was founded upon the one passed by Sir Stafford Northcote [through-the House of Commons in 1875, the alterations made in it by Mr. Groom, conjointly with the Attorney-General, being only those necessary to assimilate it to the circumstances of the colony. So far as it is possible to judge of a measure yet untried, we may, we think, congratu- late the country upon having on its statute book a law that will render future legislation on the subject unnecessary for many years to corner, ~ . -In this colony, which has not yet attained its majority, where the growth of Friendly Societies has been in equal ratio to its population, it is not a matter for surprise that some amendment was required in the laws under which they were Igpvenjod, which dates as far back as 1845. jEvpn-.rn Great Britain, where one would imagine it was almost impossible to find any branch of policy insufficiently hedged in by legislative enactments, the importance of the affairs of Friendly Societies being brought under greater legal recognition, without at the same time infringing upon their privileges, has attracted the attention of Parliament for some years past. In 1874 a measure was introduced on the subject, but as it did not pass into law, the Government, during the recess which followed, made considerable amendments in it, their object being, as Sir Stafford Northcote aptly put it, to bear in mind that this great system of Friendly Societies is one which has sprung from the people themselves, and that, therefore, in whatever alterations we may make we should be careful to carry the people with us." That they succeeded in their object may be gathered from the fact that an amendment by Dr. Cameron, that the bill be read a second time that day six months, was withdrawn, and the second reading carried without a division. The value of proper legislation on this subject can be best illustrated by looking at the number of persons interested in this " people's System " in Great Britain. It was given in evidence before the Imperial Commission that eight million persons were either directly or indirectly concerned in Friendly Societies in that country, and that they represented vested intorcsts-totho extent of £11,000,000 or £12,000,000. Large as this sum may appear, yet when population is made the basis of comparison the statistics of Queensland show that there is also a great desire to invest money in the societies of this colony, there being at the end of the year 1875 forty-six social ties, representing38G9 persons, whose accu mulated funds amounted in round numbers to £17,000. This is exclusive of the building societies, of which there is no return at present. It will thus be seen that, when legislating upon this subject, the Queensland Parliament legislated for a large and an important section of the community, who are interested in the good work which originally sprung from the people themselves. If, according to M. Bastian, " law is solely the organisation of individual rights," then the system of Friendly Societies is specially worthy of legislation. It is one which, whoever established, develops provident and careful habits, and is a strong antagonist' of intemperance? extravagance and intemperance generally go hand in hand; and it has been the means of affording timely relief in Humorous instances, even in this colony, where there are few poor in the ordinary accep- tation of the term. There are, however, concerned in these societies, and necessarily so, many persons who, from ignorance or other causes, are unable to exercise a supervision over the acts of those having the management of their subscribed funds and it is for the benefit of this class that the Legislature have stepped in and said, whilst we have no desire to infringe your privileges, it is necessary in your interest that the State, which voluntarily makes itself responsible for every grievance, should take steps by which the real position of your affairs by it. may "^rajb.jan^'>^me^^ce^wcd-j in Other Words, to! provide against abuses 'which,; there is every reason-; tal believe, giveN hitherto^.existdd^ It is not to be supposed "that the new Acfivwill give satisfaction to all those who are interested in Friendly Societies; new legislation seldom does, as it very frequently interfere with -individual arrangements hardly ripe for "disturbance: but we believe that those who have at" heart" the prosperity of the' affairs under their control will. gladly, avail themselves of what will be found in its operation to be. a most valuable safeguard in the administration: of them. To the public, generally the Act will be the, means of furnishing from time to time much valuable information. which = cannot now be obtained respecting the position of _ societies, financially and otherwise and; many persons who may hitherto have been somewhat chary of investing their savings in them will have less occasion to hesitate when they have before them evidence -of ; their security. ; ran away; ? We recommend to all interested in the friendly system a careful perusal of the Act, which, whilst very comprehensive,. jest so simple as to be easily, understood.'" It varies from the English Act in that it is; made to apply to Building Societies and' the" class called " Industrial. Trading ! Societies," or societies for the purpose of carrying on any labor, trade, or handicraft, j (banking excepted), and of- applying the' profits to any lawful purposes. In regard to Building Societies, their legal constitu ition has been in a very unsatisfactory, con : dition, and it will be a consolation to those who have invested large sums of money, in this very useful branch of benefit societies, to know that there will no longer exist any doubts on that point. There is no ground for suspecting that the manage ment Of building societies of late years, in this colony has been otherwise than advantageous to all-parties; but'thereihave been instances both here and- elsewhere where their operation has been ruinous to the majority and extremely profitable to the. few. It must also be borne in mind that; the stability of those established here has not been subjected to the crucial test of a monetary depression among the working classes, by whom they are principally supported. Recognising, as [we do,; the advantages of a well-conducted system of Friendly Societies, we hope that the Act will aid in their establishment, and stimu- late the efforts of those who wish to im- prove the condition of those already established.; and that it may be found, to adopt the words of Sir George Young, one of the English Commissioners, when speaking of the Orders of Odd Fellows and Foresters, that. " their existence and prosperity, founded upon the spontaneous energies and mutual help of individuals, without external initiative, is in itself a valuable national possession." p . By a proclamation appearing in Saturday's Government Gazette, it is ordered that no: steam- ships or other vessels arriving in this colony from or having touched at any port of the colonies of New South Wales and New Zealand, shall be permitted within the Port of Brisbane to come above the Hulk Proserpine, now moored at the entrance of the Brisbane. River, or to communicate with the shore at any port within «i'--».l-"j- «.uUl«.'iy Minell town mills banished by the health officer of such port ; and that no person shall be allowed to go on board, or to land from any such steamship or other vessel until the crew and passengers shall have been inspected by the health officer, and the steam ship or vessel by him be admitted to pratique. - The commission appointed to enquire into the navigation of the northern entrance of Moreton Bay, hold their fourth meeting on Saturday, at the General Post Office, there being present? Commander Heath (chairman), Lieutenant Connor, E.N., Messrs. Beattie, M.L.A., E. B. Forrest, and Captains Knight, Brown, and Almond. Captain Bowe, of the British Nation, was examined at some length, and the commission adjourned until to-morrow, at half-past ten o'clock.' The attention of our readers is called to the announcement of the beginning of the next quarter of the Girls' Division of the Brisbane Grammar School, and more particularly to the reduction in the minimum age of the pupils,; from twelve to eight years a very important; matter, which has, we are informed, been pressed upon the consideration of the trustees for some time, but which we are disposed at present to regard as a somewhat questionable experiment. The school staff has been strengthened. by the appointment of Miss E. Y. Cornell, as assistant mistress, and with Madame Mallalieu and Mr, Jefferies (for music); and whatever assistance is required to be given by the masters of the boys' division, it may now be considered very complete, but there are four permanent teachers be sides those visiting for music and the masters as mentioned. In connection with the honors won by Queensland boys at the recent University examinations, it is satisfactory to learn that Mr. Wall, the head teacher of the Primary School at Bowen, who trained young Byrnes whose name appears at the top of the list published in another column), has just been promoted to Stanthorpe, The electoral roll for Wickham has been completed, and shows a total of 999 names, being an increase over last year of 73 voters. The immigrant ship Lammershagen, 388 tons, Captain Paul, which left Hamburg on October 14, for Maryborough, with 380 immigrants on board, passed Cape Moreton yesterday morning, at half-past 9 o'clock, reporting all well. Of the immigrants, 23 are full payers, 30 assisted, 8 remittance, 18 free nominated, and 301 free. 208 of those are Prussians, 33 Italians, 85 Dance, and 19 from other countries, As regards social position, there are 22 married couples, 101 single men, and 60 single women, 44 male, and 43 female children, and 14 infants. As to occupation, there are 43 female domestic servants, 138 farm laborers, 1 shepherd, 1 mechanic, 2 tailors, 2 tinsmiths, 1 miner, 1 painter, 1 barber, 1 goldsmith, 1 mason, 1 Bhoomnkor, 10 carpenters and joiners, I wheelwright. Dr. llhoiuor, surgeon-superintendent ; and Mrs. Ziegler, matron. Tan Bethel Service on board the British Nation yesterday was largely attended. Mr. Campbell delivered an address specially to see men. Mr. Smith, at the close, gave a satisfactory account of the Bethel mission. At the Town Hall, in the evening, the congregation numbered about 100. Mr. Campbell, at the close, in announcing another service for Sunday evening next in the same place, stated that in no city in all his travels had he been treated in a more kindly, respectful, and generous manner than in to use lb of cd to in ch for by its Brisbane, Notices in S»turday,aWoy«fim«'i« Pf?^* proclaim the Redfearne ofjW7#,|to rbe up-hill force within the municipalities o|»Eookhampt6n,. Townsville, and^o^en|respectively, for.'a^period; of six months, fron thew instant. as?--':: Saturday's Government - Gazette having announced the promotion of Captain O'Donnell, -Noel Co. Q. VR., and Captain Geary, Q.VrA.r to the rank of Major, there are nowYvacancieB for captaincies in these corps, as also for the brigade adjutancy, which has been hitherto filled by Captain Geary'.'_[.L' .'".H?ll*-J'. '-_ By a notification in'; Saturday's Government Gazette, Trinity Bay is proclaimed a port for the warehousing of dutiable goods, intended for home consumption or exportation previously to the payment of duties thereon. The Fire Brigades Act of 1876 is: proclaimed to be in force henceforth in the Municipality of Brisbane, by a notice in last Saturday's Government Gazette. a '¦".'¦':)'¦¦'. /"¦ "*'. sales The undermentioned river crossings are appointed as places of public traffic, and where tolls and ferry dues may be levied On the old Palmerville-road : Normanby River, Laura' BiVery' and Palmerville Crossings. On', the new road to Byerstown : Normanby East, Normanby West, and Palmer and Byerstown Crossings. On the Thornborough-road: Upper Palmer, Mit-, shellac and Hodgkinson Crossings; In our advertising columns will be found a notice of considerableimportancetoatock- owners. Messrs. Brunker, Wolfe, and Badgery announce that, on' Wednesday next, they will sell by alic-. tion, at Walker's Hotel, Toowoomba, three-year able blocks of unstocked country in the Darling Downs district, about ninety miles from Dalby; comprising an area of 200 square miles, permanently watered and fenced, and known as; Haran, Highland, and South Glen. Excursion tickets,' in-; connection with the forthcoming exhibition of the Drayton and Toowoomba Agricultural and Horticultural Society, will be issued from all other stations on the S. and W. Railway to Toowoomba, on the 23rd and 24th instant, available, to' return up to the 26th." of". '. Yesterday evening; at about eight o'clock, a child eight years of age, stepdaughter of Mrs. Hughes, was drowned at Toowong in a waterhole in Mr. Stanley's paddock. now It appears that she and a younger child were paddling about at the hole, which I iaL six feet" deep; -when she suddenly slipped in ind'went''to:'the'bottom. The younger child waited too long before running for assistance. A Mr.' Prior, hearing of the accident, dived into the waterhole and brought out the body. Life was not quite, extinct, but notwithstanding all efforts to resuscitate the poor child, it never recovered consciousness, but died within an hour. ,'''"''';' [ A supplement to Saturday's Government Gazette contains the commission issued to the Hon. Eyles Irwin Caulfeild Browne; the Hon. John Mullen, William Graham, Esq.; William Henry, Groom, Esq.; William Gill Bailey, Esq.; William Leworthy Good Drew, Esq:; and Joseph Bancroft, Esq., Doctor of Medicine, who have been appointed to enquire into the management of the Woogaroo Lunatic Asylum and the lunatic reception houses in the colony of Queensland, and to report upon the best means to be adopted, by Legislative enactment or otherwise, to improve those institutions; and generally to enquire into and report upon the whole subject of the safe, custody, and treatment of insane persons in the colony. Friday, January 26, at three p.m., at the Colonial Secretary's Office, Brisbane, are the time and place appointed for the first meeting of the commissioners. . . ..., , A Brisbane cricketer, of the bumptious junior school, would be very apt just now to say that the All-England Eleven knew better than to come to Queensland, and saved themselves a " licking " by stopping away, &c.;, &c.; And the fact of the whole English team going out for thirty-five runs in the first innings of the return match with New South Wales, is a very strong and illustrative proof of the vast difference it makes when two contending cricket teams are pretty nearly matched, individually, in all round qualifications, to have four extra; men? good men and true? in the field on one side, and how terribly it cramps the play and cuts down the score of the batsmen as they go in, one by one, to face such odds. We are glad, for all this, to see developed amongst our colonial players in Victoria, New South Wales, and Queensland, that infusion of what the French call vibrate, in the shape of the power to pull a good stern chase, to fight an up-hill battle well, and to snatch a nearly lost game out of the fire. Tommy Horan was a notabloinstuncoof this in the match at Melbourne; and so to look nearer home, was Jack Egan, at a match played in thoQuecu'sParkonlast Saturday afternoon ; both men went into what looked at the time (to use a figure of speech to be a hopelessly insolvent concern, and yet they worked it into a sound position again. 9 men (of 15) out for 27 in Melbourne, 5 men (of all) out for 20 in Brisbane, were not matters to add buoyancy or "corkiness" to a batsman just going in, with neither his blood up nor his eye in, and all the more credit to such a one when, regardless of the other side piling up their maiden overs, he goes in to pick and choose and please himself only as to what he shall hit at, and what block, irrespective of "gallery" applause, and without giving a ghost of a chance to the field. No wonder that Horan in Melbourne, and Egan here, were carried off the field by their admiring friends. We remember a similar up-hill case some years ago in Brisbane, where Russell Dixon, of the "Butterfly" Club, went in as last man, against deadly good bowling (the swift under- hand middle stump species), with 30 runs to make to save the game; and they were got, too, and nearly all off his own bat A performance such as this, under these circumstances, is more creditable than double the score made at the outset of a prosperous innings with the wind and tide fair. The Waratah second eleven beat the Albert second eleven by two wickets, at the Hamilton ground, on Saturday afternoon. This was in continuation of the game, commenced on the 6th instant, at the same place. A. Gaul, we hear, was the top scorer of the winning side Powell, the " not out New South Wales man of the previous game between that colony and England, had an opportunity in the return match of showing how much he had still left in him on that occasion, by making 46 this time, or ten more than the united eleven of England did in their first innings. The next thing will have to be a match between the gentlemen of England and the Australians. The former are said to be far superior as batsmen to the professionals. The result of the vast majority of modern matches goes to prove the ever increasing defensive power developed by the bat as compared with the stationary aggressive power of the ball, which state of matters, if it continue, will in time cause' cricket to be shorn of much of its interest as a game ; Grace's score of 400 with the bat, Uko Cook's " break" of 930 with the one, is very fine, no doubt, but awfully monotonous, we should say, to look at. 