FATHER FABIAN, The Monk of Malham Tower. ; CHAPTER IX. THK METHODIST GAKDTHEE. " Ave Maria ! thou whose name All but adoring love may, claim, , Yet may we reach thy shrine ; . Eor He, tliy Son and Saviour, vows To crown all lowly lofty brows With love and joy like tliine. " Bless'd is the womb that hare Him — blessid The bosom where His lips were;press'd ; - But rather bless'd' are they " a Who hear His .word and keep it well, The living homes where Christ shall dwell, And never pass away." ;; General Seaton received liis guests 'with . a grave and .rigid , formality,, which . made, his nephew feel embarrassed and ill at ease, and at the same time compassionate, for on his uncle's stern face was the impress of the overwhelming sorrow which had so recently befallen him. And Aubrey said to himself, " Grief, not pride, has frozen my poor uncle's heart." " The four gentle men dined together ; Mrs. Clifford had not been invited, and long before the meal was con cluded Aubrey was weary, and longing to escape into the beautiful May twilight, which like a soft veil hung over the hills and crags of Seaton- dale. The General spoke little, though he behaved with all possible courtesy; the two clergymen seemed thorougly to enjoy each other's society, and for the first time for many years Mr. Clifford began to feel old ambitions stirring within his heart, and to wonder whether he might not shape to better and nobler ends the life which was passing away so drowsily and so unsatisfactorily at quiet Seaton- dale. " ; Mr. Fabian only talked 011 ordinary themes ; but he made interesting whatsoever lie touched upon. There was nothing pedantic or stilted in his conversation, nothing at all overstrained or pompos : it was perfectly simple and natural, and yet it was rich in all kinds of rare informa tion, and singularly fresh, striking, and'original. The curate thought him the best read and the pleasantest man he had ever met with. General Seaton, though he joined seldom in the dis course, could not but appreciate the mind and tone of his accomplished visitor, and wondered more and more who he really was, and what were hiB relations with young Aubrey Seaton ! When the cloth was withdrawn, and the dessert was placed on the shining mahogany, for they followed old fashions at Seaton Hall — besides, dinners a la Russe were unknown then; oven in Mayfair— the host relaxed a little, and roused himself to enter into some subject which Mr. Clifford and Mr. Fabian were earnestly dis- cuBsing. No religious topic had been started, chiefly on Aubrey's account ; for of course the General and the curate looked on Mr. Fabian as one of them selves, and the young man was supposed to be the solitary black sheep of the party. Aubrey drank little wine, and the General, perceiving that he looked longingly out upon the terrace, which commanded a lovely view of some of the Lake mountains, begged him not to stand on ceremony if he would prefer a ramble in the Gardens to sitting longer at the table. Glad to e released, he sprang up, and soon found him self in a beautiful parterre, laid out with exquisite taste, and evidently well cultivated. Aubrey felt sure that this garden was poor Mrs. Seaton's especial plot. It sloped down to a small tarn, and one side of it was bounded by a tiny babbling brook, which sang its pleasant time under the budding trees, and mingled its soft undertone with the clear warble of black birds and thrushes, and others of the feathered choir that peacefully joined in nature's sweet and solemn evensong. It was a fair scene— in very truth, " a goodly heritage." Yes ! but not Aubrey's, and for a few minutes the young man could not help pondering the might-have-beens of his rather singular situa tion. If this little baby-girl had not been born, or if she bad died with her mother, as so many tender infants do, for no very apparent reason, what a difference it would have made. Oh ! what a difference circumstances make in nearly everybody's lot ! How perfectly to our own liking might our lives be mapped out, were" it not for those dubious " ifs " and those insur mountable " huts!" But the good Lord knows all, and the ifs and buts that sound to our vexed ears like damnatory clauses are doubtless benedictions in disguise. Aubrey could not tell why, he could not im agine why, but his heart was knit to Seatondale, and he had looked on it lovingly from the first hour of his beholding it. He stood for some minutes under an emerald-leaved lime, in whose boughs the golden glow of the sunset yet seemed to linger, thinking what it must be .to be the lawful heir of those broad lands, the possessor of that rich estate,. and wondering how the girl- heiress would feel as she grew up to woman hood, and came to understand her own import ance. He was roused by some one bidding him, in broad North-country accent, "good neet." The man had a rake in one hand, and an empty flower-pot in the other ; lie was evidently one of the gardeners, perhaps the one who had chief charge of this sweet, secluded spot. "It's a beautiful evening," said Aubrey,, knowing nothing else to say. ..... ' " Yes, and 'twill be fine to-morrow," returned the man, giving a finishing touch to a bed close at hand. /'It was a. rare fine sunset, and the-! gnats fly high in the air, and the mountains are clear, and yet not too clear, ye ken. When ye . can see the very dints and scars 011 the, face of the far-off crags, ye may ken there will be raiii, and plenty of it. Ain't that a fine Crown Imperial?" "IsthatVa Crown Imperial ?. I called it a yellow. '. lily. . : . Yes, it's a beautiful.' flower. I . gathered oneAt Clxalfonts the other day that I; might.examine the nectaries with' a magnifying" glass ; they are wonderful wh en you come to look into them.." : "All things ' that the Lord has made are wonderful, young gentleman, only we don't take the trouble to look into them, as yon say.' See, now ! these lilies of the': valley, and Solomon's: Seal'!' A week ago they were ugly, unsightly1 things, just springing from ' the black, earth, j where they had lain, so safe and warm all through the winter, and " how, behold their bonnie green leaves, and their graceful stems, ' and the wee buds that will come out presently: into milk- white fairy bells ! Every bit of thein is a marvel ; and nobody, knows how they growd and germed,' and nobody could make a single leaf with, the sap in it, and thousands of little veins, showing a finer network than any grand lady's precious lace ! But the good Lord did it all; working in silence and in darkness, and under/the snow and the frozen clods ; and did it for oui% pleasure, for there's no use in lilies, except to look lovely and smell sweet, and that's, to my thinking, the best use of all ! There's many an acre of land in these parts tliat bear nought worth speaking of— no corn of any sort, no goodly trees yielding fruit or timber for man's needs, no grass, hardly, for the crag- sheep's food ; but look where you will, north and south of bonnie Seatondale, look from the rising of the sun to the going down of the: same, and you'll see nothing but beauty— a beauty, too, that's alway's Changing, tand yet is always the same, ! That sounds queer, don't it, sir ? but them that kens mountains and vales kens its truth. You know that verse of the. godly' hymn, 'I sing the Almighty power of God,' I dare say, sir ; we all learns it when we're lile bairns, whether we're rich or -poor." \- "I don't at this moment remember it. In deed, I have learned few hymns in the English language, though I know a good many in Latin." " Latin's a fine, grand language, I trow, sir, and good for gentlefolks, especially for the parsons — though there's parsons as does very well without it ; but for a hymn, I think there's nought like good old English, that a bairn can understand ! But you must mind that hymn, if ye think, sir; the General could say it at this moment, I'll go bail, though perhaps he hasn't repeated it these fifty years;" " What hymn is it ? I am curious to hear." "Its— " ' I sing the Almighty power of God, That made the mountains rise, - That spread the flowing seas abroad, And built the lofty skies. ' Sure you mind it, now I say it, sir, ?" " No, I do not. I never heard of it before ; but it is very grand. What great poet wrote it 2" . '%; , ; "A good man named Watts. He wrote heaps of fine pieces. Don't ye know, "From all that dwell below the skies and— " ' Wide as His vast dominion liesj v Let the Creator's name be known ; Loud as His thunder shout His praise, And sound it lofty as His throne ' ?" "I never heard either of them. They are very fine, though. Who do you say wrote them ?" " Why, Watts ! Gudesake, sir, but ye must know Watts ! All the world— that is, the Christian world— knows him and his poetry. At least ye do know, How doth the little busy bee !' and 'Let dogs delight,' and ' Whene'er I take my walks abroad ' ? As I said, all the Christian world learns them while they're little, and they never forget them. The Pagan world don't know Watts, 1 reckon, and perhaps not the Popish world, which is very near akin to the other. Pope and Pagan go together, ye know, sir, in Pilgrim's Progress. "No, I don't! my man. I belong to what you call the Popish world, and that is why I don't know any of your hymns ; not but what they are good enough for a true Catholic, and I shall immediately procure the workB of Mr. Watts." " You don't mean to say, sir, that you're the Popish heir, as was;?" " Yes, I am that unfortunate person. I am Aubrey Seaton, next of kin to your General, after his little daughter." " I am very sorry for you, sir. I'm sorry for what you've lost of this world's honor and gear ; but I'm more sorry for what ye are losing througn not knowing the Lord Jesus Christ, and the blessing of His presence, in your heart." " But I do know Christ. Catholics worship Christ far more devoutly than do heret — Pro testants." " Hoot ! But they don't ! They give His honor to His mother, and to other dead saints. They pray to the Virgin Mary; and she can no more hear them than the poor mistress that died last month can hear me now, if I call to her." " How do you know the dead, the holy dead, cannot hear you ?" "Just tell me one thing. Are they omni present and omniscient like God Almighty?" " Certainly not. Our Church does not claim for them equal honors with the Three Persons of the Blessed Trinity !" « "Then — granting dead ears can hear what we poor mortals say—they can't hear more, than one person at a time, can they ? And how shall I know when it's my turn to/ be listened to? Perhaps you'll call upon your Virgin to help you this very night; well, what if she is attend ing to some one in America ? -NV, thank you, sir ; I'll keep to my Lord Jesus Christ, because I do know that He hears everybody. - He lias left us His promise to bo with us always, even to the end of the world. And that contents me, ' sir. I want none but Jesus — for none but Jesus can do helpless sinners good !" " But can, you suppose that you please Jesus , Christ by showing His blessed mother dis respect?" ' , . Begging your pardon, sir, I don't show her no disrespect whatever. But there's a wide difference: between making a goddess of her and insulting her, memory. The Virgin. Mary . was, lam sure, a; very pure and lioly young woman — - one in a thousand, as you may say ; but she was a sinner for all that, and had to be saved ! She had a great honor put upon licr, and she knew it, but she never took upon herself when she .was alive ;: she never set up for being ' Queen of Heaven.' and ' Morning Star, 'and 'Gate. of Heaven !' She left all that to her Son. And, sir, when you go extolling, .f our: Lady,' as you call lier, in such fashion,. you commit downright blasphemy." " And yet it is written in your own Bible, I believo, ' Blessed is the woman that bore Thee, and'the paps, that gave .Thee suck.' " "Right enough. A woman did say that; and Christ's -mother was blessed, and no' mistake ; but why not finish the text, sir? If you take half texts outofthe "Bible you may prove" any lie ! Who would think of reading any. book in that.way?. v No, no, sir, finish your passage." . I' That- is all, I am sure," repliedAubrey, wishing himself well out of this unlooked-for controversy. " There is no more." ' " Begging your pardon, Mr. Seaton, but there is, and I'll show it to you, if it is not too dark. Anyway; I'll!. give you chapter and verse,, and you can find it for yourself. .; We Methodists don't want folks to take things on trust from us ; you may read for ; yourselves, search and see— prove all things, hold fast that which is good ! Here, sir, you have it — Gospel of Luke, eleventh chapter and 27th verse. I can just make it out; knowing it so well as I do. Listen : ' And it came to pass, as He spake these things, a certain woman of the company lifted up her voice and said unto Him, Blessed is the womb that bare Thee, and the paps which Thou hast sucked.' " " Comes to the same thing, you see. Your version and ours pretty much alike there." " Exactly, sir; but bide a wee, for I have not yet finished. The Book goes on : ' But He said; Yea, rather blessed are they that hear tho word of God and keep it.' Just as if Christ had known — as of course He did— all that your Church would do concerning His dear mother.'' "All, my friend!" quoth Aubrey ; "but that Protestant version of yours is not so trust worthy as could be desired. Your translators found it easy enough to accommodate passages to their own views,, and some, I am well assured, are the merest interpolations. That which you have just quoted is one of them, doubtless. Our Lord never could have said that His disciples, even though faithful to the death, dying in the odour of sanctity as noble martyrs, were more blessed than she who is blessed above all women — the mother, most chaste, most undefiled ; the queen of angels, glorious for ever !" "I fancy it is just the same in your own Testament, sir. Look and see for yourself ; don't take my poor word. And, what would be better still, if you are a scholar, as no doubt you are, look it out in the Latin or Greek. I am sure I don't know in what language the gospels were at first written ; for I am not a book -learned man, though I have been used to think deeply about things, and I know my English Bible. Will you look, Mr. Seaton ?" "Of course I will. I have a Douay Testa ment somewhere, published under the seal of Pope Pius the Sixth, in 1778. I will see for myself." " Thank you, sir ; that is all I ask." " What did you say you were — a Methodist?" "A Methodist I am, sir, and I am not ashamed of it; though Methodists in these parts are not counted much. Well, there was a time when our Saviour and His Disciples were not counted much, I reckon, and the servant must not look to be greater than his master." Aubrey recoiled in sudden terror. Here, then, was one of those detestable Dissenters of whom Father Fabian had spoken ! And the Father was right, he thought, for there was something in the speech of this rude, unlettered man, that spoke to the heart something that if listened to, might he more truly subversive to the interests of the holy Church than a score, of Mr. Clifford's most elaborate sermons. Yes,' the Methodists were a very dangerous set of people, there was no doubt of that. Now Aubrey comprehended what his preceptor had meant when he said it was easy to gather con verts out of the Anglican Church, when it was non-evangelical, but altogether impossible to gather them even one by one from the bosom of uncompromising Dissent. And of kinds of Dissent, it seemed to Aubrey that Methodism must be the most mischevious. And he said to himself, "As a champion of the true faith, I ought to study Dissent and all other forms of heresy. I must know something about my foes before I come hand to hand with them, and you should study a people — I read it only the other day — by their printed and published creeds and' their forms of worship. But have they any creeds ? Have they any ritual ? I must inquire for myself." At that moment a servant from the house came to say that the coffee was served in the cedar drawing-room, and would Mr. Seaton like to take any ? Aubrey was only too glad to escape, for though he would not admit it to himself, he had a secret conviction that the ignorant Methodist had had the best of it ! So bidding the gardener a corteous good-night — for Aubrey was a true gentleman — he followed the footman into the house, and to the cedar draw ing-room. The gentlemen were sipping their coffee and . talking pleasantly together. The general was conversing with Mr. Fabian most amicably. After a word or two with Aubrey, they re turned to the subject which had engrossed them ; it seemed to be something about residence. " There is not a house nearer than Chalfont3 where you could live," said General Seaton, thoughtfully. "There is not even a cottage here that could he turned into a decent habi tation for a gentleman !" " I am not particular, General," replied Mr. Fabian. "I can make myself contented under nearly any circumstances. I don't want a lordly mansion. Besides, is is so easy to im prove a place. A good sized cottage would quite answer my purpose." " Theee is not a good-sized cottage to be had ; I don't know that there is a hut vacant jast at present. And, Mr. Fabian you do not know what our cottages are. " " Do you tliink the Thwaites's would take him in, as boarder,, at their farm ?" asked Mr. Clifford. " Joseph Thwaites and his wife have taken lodgers, and their house is roomy and tolerably comfortable, though I dare not say much of Mrs. , Thwaites's cooking. When the Brownings were there, they complained that every dish_ was flavoured with peat smoke ; though I believe one may get used to that, as one does to curry and vanilla," "I should not mind the cooking," returned Mr. Fabian ; V But I should very much prefer a small, home of my own to the most com modious apipartment. I am not a poor man-; . I would not mind taking a good deal of expense ! upon myself if I could- find -some quiet: place, capable of improvement— of- adaptation rather, to my simple, requirements." " There is Mulham Tower!" said the General, turning to the Curate. ' Malhani Tower !" responded the gentleman, aghast. "Why; it is all but a ruin !" " So it is, but it strikes me.it might be made . comfortable. The Keep; is all right; you know, both; water-proof aud wind-proof:; las for the Monks' Chambers, and tho Chapel, they would not be wanted. The out-buildings could be .patched up, I daresay. Is it worth thinking about ?" : v ' 1 should not like to be your tenant at Mai- ham Tower, General;" replied Mr. Clifford, gravely. " Malham Tower ! I like the sound of it," said Mr. Fabian, lighting up to sudden interest. "Tell me all about: it; is it far from here?" " Not two miles, if you go straight across the park, talking the private paths. I can walk there in half-an-hour easily. Malham Tower is an old Peef, standing on the borders of my own property, which ends suddenly at that spot, though it runs on further to the west, almost to St. TJlpha's. It was partially dis mantled in my grandfather's time, and no one lias lived in it for the last forty years, I am. certain." " You spoke of a chapel, or, a. monk's chamber?" "Ah, ye3 ! that part went to destruction long ago ; even before my ancestor was con verted from Romanism — I beg your pardon, Aubrey— the .ecclesiastical portion of the building had been suffered to fall into decay. That piece of it makes a very picturesque , bit of ruin, for the chapel, though small, was of the finest architecture, and the cloisteres are in tolerable repair. I really am not well up in the history of Malham Tower as I ought to be ; I only know that it was one of the Border towers, built by the Seatons of old time, partly as a fortress, a defence against their enemies, and partly as a prison, if report be true ; for it is said that one Alexander Seaton, in the reign of Queen Mary of bloody memory, took Thomas de Lacy prisoner, and kept him at Malham Tower till he died thirty year afterwards." "There are dungeons, then, I presume?" "That there are! Half a dozen dark, noisome cells ; but they were built up long ago, after a celebrated marauder hid himself in one of them, and defied the officers of justice, kill ing several of those who were sent to apprehend him. So only one underground apartment still remains, and that will serve as an excellent wine cellar. I really think, Mr. Fabian, you' might make Malham Tower serve your turn, and I shall be most happy to have you for a neighbour, and so, I am sure, will Mr. Clifford." "You are very kind ; but how did the monks you speak of come to the Tower ?" " They came when Bekapks was suppressed ; only a few of them of the highest rank, personal friends of the then reigning Seaton— Percy Seaton his name was. He was a very zealous Romanist, willing to give up everything for his Church, so he put the monks in the Tower, and built, or rather eularged the chapel which be longed to it, and when some brethren from Chsufonts asked leave to join them, he added the structure known as the ' Monks' Chambers ' -r-a series of colls, extending over a line of cloisters, and communicating with the chapel, and' gave them to the monks for ever, on con dition of their saying certain masses for his soul — poor fool ! — and for the souls of all the Seatons that should come after him." " He gave it to the monks for ever ? Perhaps some day they will claim their own ?" said Aubrey. " Not in my time," replied the General coldly, " nor I trust in my daughter's time. I do not wish to say anything unkind, but I should be very sorry to think that any portion of this, my fair inheritance, would ever become the prey of ecclesiastical powers. Even many of your own creed, Aubrey, distrust the so-called Religious Orders. What became- of the monks of Malham Tower, I really do not know ; I believe they died out, and the place being de serted fell into decay." , "Is Malham Tower very solitary?" asked Mr. Fabian. "As solitary as a hermit could desire. Except one of the gamekeeper's lodges in the wood yonder, and a shepherd's cot further . on, there is no house nearer than this one. But the view it commands is splendid ! looking right over the estuaries of the Linster, and the Whinster, and St. Ulpha sands, and the 'bay 'beyond ; to say nothing of the Bekanks Crags andFellB. There is a 'little good ground in the hollow near it, which ought to go with the Tower, so that if you like, you can do a little farming. The rent, of course, will be merely nominal. We will walk over to-morrow morning, and examine the place and its capacities at our leisure." " I feel sure it will just suit me. I shall be the lonely monk of Malham Tower." Mr. Clifford shuddered. He would as soon have taken lodgings in the Seven Dials as in Malham Tower, with its evil repute, and its ghosts, and its dreary solitude. But, as he re- marked to his wife, presently — " There ; is no accounting for tastes, and let each man 'please himself." "I wonder," said Mrs. Clifford, "whether Mr. Fabian is a bachelor, or a widower ? He is not young." But the curate was already fast asleep, and made no reply. ( To be continued. ) 