"OUR CATHOLIC BRETHREN." Certainly ; but tinder limitations which shall hold, U3 quite clear of and collision with, or constructive disregard of truths and obligations in comparison with which it is of secondary im portance as to whether this conventional assumption of brotherhood be fact or fiction. "We are bound to note it is significant that the converse is never heard from the lips of a Romanist ; indeed, if we take the typical Papist, it is not too much to say that he would, be ready to cut his tongue out for very spite of his unguarded simplicity and traitorous weak ness if ho found himself, under any exceptional, influence or accident, speaking of his Protestant brethren ! We wish it to be distinctly under stood that we are the friend of all men, and by that token we are constrained to be the enemy of all error, and are compelled, in pursuance of this, to maintain that Catholics, so called, cannot be catholic in tenderness of temper, and in the comprehension of charity, and hold their creed at the same time ; that they are not our- co-religionists in any radical sense, and that they are living in daily violation of all the es sentials of a common and complete brotherhood' with their fellow-men. True brotherhood . is- based upon similarity of existing conditions, in:, their highest not less than the lower forms. ' The fundamental ground, the starting point of" such brotherhood is similarity of belief in res? pect to the great constituent truths by. which- the life eternal in the soul of man is., organised, sustained, and brought to a final and glorious consummation. We may state these again and again, for the simple reason that there are always some who must know them for the first time, and even in tho cases of those who know them, their effect is, of necessity, uninterffiit- tent, and their application therefore must needs be constant The Word of God, a sufficient- rule of faith and practice. Christ offered onee- for all for the sins of men. Justification by faith alone — faith which looks to the sacrifice' and intercession of Christ, and which is at- once, not only the condition under which the' saving sower of God takes possession of the- heart, but also the vital germ and foster-power' of all spiritual virtue. These, in brief, are the things which are held equally, and in common, by all Protestants, and these are precisely the things which are either denied or nullified by Papists. . They make the commandments; of God of none effect by the traditions of men, the proof of which we have not only in their general doctrine and practice, but distinctively in the authoritative utterances of the " Sacred Oecumenical and General Synod of Trent, law fully assembled, in the Holy Ghost— whosoever shall not receive the unwritten traditions relating both to faith and practice, inasmuch as these . traditions were either delivered by word of mouth from Christ, or dictated by the Holy Ghost, and preserved by uninterrupted succes sion in the Catholic Church, let him be ac-. cursed. " Whosoever shall say that, after receiving, the grace of justification, any penitent siuner hath his offence so remitted, and his obnoxious- ness to eternal punishment so blotted out, as to- render him no . longer obnoxious to temperal. punishment, to be undergone either in this- world or in the future in purgatory, before an entrance can ,be opened to the kingdom of heaven, let him .be accursed." One of the essential points of Christian belief is that. Jesus- Christ has come in the flesh, that He trans cended all fleshly conditions for ever when He ascended into heaven, that His departure after this manner was necessary or He could not be with His people in every place unto the end of the world, and that we are therefore now henceforth to. know .Him no more after. '.the fle3h,— the essential 'manhood of Christ, for the local work and individual sacrifice for which His body was prepared, but now no longer , corporal bone of our bone, and flesh of our flesh, inasmuch as He hath passed into the heavens, transformed and glorified. The denial or non- confessiou of . this is one of the most fruitful sources of error, and identifies the subject 'at.,. once, in his -degree, a,s anti-Christ.- For not . only iB he anti-Christ who is. against Christ— who denies Him— but he also who does not con- - fess Him in every regard of truth., Many de ceivers arje gone , out , into -Jhe uorld,;tltat confess, not Jesus Christ come in the. Jtesh ,tfldsis-JJie:: . deceiver 'and , the : antirChrist , The, Catholics WiWMAil IHWIIirJIMII UliMMIilJiili HlnriTriflBma—l .practically and effectively deny this by their doctrine of transubstaiitiation, whereby a tnortal man can create at will Jesus, and which ignores the past tense of Christ's manhood, and all the finished work pertaiuing thereto, professing to bring Him in corporal substance into the world at any time, and always on demand. This same 'Council of Trent — " Whosoever shall say that the sacrifice of the mass is not a propitiatory -sacrifice, arid that it ought not to be offered up for the quick and dead for sins, pains, satisfac tions, and other necessities, let him be ac cursed. ' " Whosoever shall deny that in the most holy sacrifice of the Eucharist, the .body arid blood, together with the soul aud divinity of our -Lord Jesus .Christ, are truly, really, and substan tially contained, but shall- say- that tliey are- there only symbolically; figuratively,-, or virtually, let him be accursed. - > - 1 - " Whosoever shall deny the wonderful arid singular change of the whole substance of the 'bread into (the body, and the whole substance of the wine into the blood, of Clirisfc, ;the species, of the bread arid wine still remaining/ let' him be accursed. ; ' ' v -" Whosoever shall say that in the riiost lioly., sacrament of the EuCliarist, Christ; the:only begptten.-. Son of- God, is not to'be'adofed with, worship, -even outwardly, - nor, honouredi-by a .peculiar festival, nor solemnly; carried: about in processions, nor , publicly, exposed; to <the;, people ,to. be: ' worshipped,: but- that, its worshippers are ridolaters, let him be ; accursed."/': ; ! . " \- They, strike . also ..directly and- withorit-,quali- ificatipn or, scruple, . at, that .which was instituted' in Eden in the time of man's -inriocency, which :is .commended of- -St. .Paul, to jibe honourable jamong ; ajl -mepj > and; without which- God- could , not carry qn:;His ;wprk, nor:fulfil -His purposes in\ . -the, Ayorldi.-r/J Whosoever, shall - say '.-that the ; clergy in 'hbly/.prders -iriay> contract, marriage/1 . and. that a marriage so. contracted ,is .valid, arid - that all. may contract marriage, whp /do nob;, feel themselves tri haye . the gift . ,of contiuerice, -.let" him bo accursed. "—" Whcisoever shall 'say that 'the state' of riiatiiriiony is! to 'be'preferred to the . state 'pf»viiginity' or single life,' and.thatttts not i > -betteri or 'more' -blossed to' continue iri virginity ; -or single life/ let Him' be accursed."1 '' " It is nothing J to"-' say' that these violations of . the common faith are well known; It. is, necessary that they should be universally known; and kept, in mind .continually, if w.c would> estimate5 aright'- the enemy by which we are everywhere confronted, and by which our com-: 'rilbri - civilisation and hard- won faith are con stantly threatened.- " It is surely';trite ;toieay")that 'Romanists own- no affinity- wheVe 4 they": are1 not ' dominant, arid. , profess no friendships where. they cannot dictated -terins' riithout-question ortrebuffi They are like vinegar - upon -nitre in every form of .society where they -are/not -uppermpsfc, s.;,1 They brook no ' rival near.; the1-- throne11 which"- tncy assume to - he theirs by right iri. all things. To be sure, as is . always the case/there are individuals amongst. \- them - who are/ .bett'er .'/ tham j.theii'.', creed,, but that does 'not affect the logical scope of their assumption, nor the practical and unalter able outcome i of .. their, , arroga universal; pretensions.". i'HWe' are quite re'ady to answer the question— " Wh.O; is my neighbour !" in accord-, ance.with .the Divine teaching. on that.subjecti;.- .(but if we imagine for 'a1 moment that' .Catholics are m an yi radical or/reliable aensefour brethren, we. shall oiily! be'i all- the!" more ; likely tri, forgot , our high trust in respect to the things which in the providence, of God, are taken from: from them and committed into our hands ; and, shall -be in danger ot being aroused to the differences , which , forbid the .realisation ofr the - generous . hopes '.of-our . charity only when we are unpre-,, pared to grapple - with them, and of becoming .aware r of the, impassable gulf between -us ,-, only when' we 'cannot avoid being swallowed up by ;it. - ! JRome never sleeps, aud never, relaxes her! pur- : pose.in arty part of the world.- — Southern-: Cross. . 