®îw £sy*îi PUBLISHED DAILY. 11 am in tho place where I am demanded of conscience to speak the truth, and, therefore,the truth I speak, impugn it whoso list," TO CORRESPONDENTS. Letters and other communications intended for in- sertion in the news columns should be addressed to The EDITOR. Rejocted communications cannot be returned under any circumstances whatever. No notice can be taken of anonymous communications. Every letter must be accompanied by the name and address of the writer, not necessarily for publication, but as a guarantee of good faith. To avoid Inconvenience and delay to persons interested we have to request that all business communica- tions, including advertisements, orders for the paper, and remittances, be addressed to WlLSON and MACKINNON, and not to THE EDITOR. OPERA-HOUSE. MONDAY, AUGUST 27, 1877. The University Bill, which is now under the consideration of the council of that institution, makes provision, we observe, for abolishing the fees at pre- sent charged to students attending Uni- versity lectures. This is really nothing but a claptrap proposition for obtaining a little cheap popularity. On the face of it, it is so liberal, so democratic, so philanthropic ! It undertakes to pro- vide a free education for everybody. " Sketch me out a great scheme of " popular instruction," exclaims our old friend the Major to his obsequious Pro- fessor, " which shall hand my name " down to posterity as the Wil- " lliam de Wykeham, the Erasmus-, " or tho Ascham o£ Victoria. To be " known to after generations as the mere " champion of sewing-machine girls will " not satisfy my high-reaching ambition. " I want to identify myself with our "local seat of learning; for although " my orthography is weak, my admira« " tion of genius and erudition is pro " digious." And Professor PEARSON, taking a lump of chalk in his hand, and stationing himself before a black board, proceeds to depict a combination of ancient and modern schools arising in the classic groves of Carlton, its portico thronged with street Arabs and sub- urban larrikins, transformed into Bent- leys and Porsons, Inigo Joneses, New- tons, Stephensons, and Faradays. And when he has completed the sketch, and explained to the Minister of Edu- cation who these men were who are to be thus reproduced in Victoria, the Professor, borrowing the language of CLAUDE MELNOTTE, affectionately asks, '?' Dost thou like the picture !" And the gallant Major, not to be outdone in the poetical line of business, responds, in the words of PAULINE DÈS CHAPELLES " Oh, as the bee upon the flower, I hang Upon the honey of thy eloquent tongue ! Am I not blest in ouch a peerless PEARSON ?" To which the Professor blushingly re plies, "You are, you are;" and then and there-Mars being in conjunction with Minerva, as astrologers would say -the soldier instructs the civilian to draft a University Bill accordingly. But what is the real drift of the pro- position to abolish the University fees, and what will be the effect of such a remission ? Ostensibly it is a conces- sion to the poorer classes of society ; in reality, it is directly the reverse. Does any sane man seriously believe that it will be taken advantage of by those for whose benefit it is professedly intended ? If it has been found necessary to make attendance at our state schools compulsory ; and if, in spite of this, and of the appointment of truant inspectors, there is a consider- able number of children between the school ages who have not yet been caught by the educational net, is it not preposterous to suppose that any induce- ment will bring to the University the sons and daughters of parents who are too poor to pay tho fees which are now required? The age at which such stu- dents would commence their higher edu- cation is the very one at which they would become capable of earning their own livelihood, either wholly or in part; and they would be impelled to do this either by parental in- fluence, or by that desire for inde- pendence and that impatience of con- trol which manifest themselves at such an early period in the lives of our colonial youth of both sexes. To go through the University course would necessitate an abstinence from other pur- suits for three or four years, the outlay of £20 or £30 for books, and the main- tenance of a respectable appearance. And at the end of it all, what lies before the successful student ? If he embraces either of the professions, every one of which is notoriously over- crowded, he will enter upon a career of genteel poverty, in which he will often have occasion to envy the wiser choice of some of his old schoolfellows who followed the mechanical occupations of their fathers, became in course of time sub- contractors and contractors, rose to be employers of labour on a large scale, and accumulated wealth, while the University graduate is shuffling along the streets with patched boots, white seams to his seedy apparel, and a mind depressed by anxious cogitations concern- ing the best method of staving off the importunities of an exasperated land- lord, and an impatient butcher, baker, and grocer, We have no doubt that an investiga- tion of the records of such an institution as the Pastoral Aid Society, for example, would suffice to show that in many cases the village blacksmith is much better off than the scholarly man who addresses him every Sunday morning from the pulpit ; and that the former would be extremely reluctant to change places with the latter, or to send his sons to the University to qualify them for a similar career of learned penury. And if the village blacksmith clearly discerned the true nature of Major SMITH'S proposal, he would be strongly averse, we may be quite certain, to being taxed in order to pay for the University education of the children of the middle and upper classes. For this is really the meaning of the suggested abolition of the fees. It is the removal of a light, just, and equitable charge from persons who can very well afford to pay it, and its transference to the great body of the taxpayers, the specious plea put forward on behalf of the pro- position being that our educational in- stitutions, from the highest to the lowest, shall be free to all. But this is a trans- parent fiction, for the reasons stated above. Nor can it cease to be so, unless the Government should undertake to stand in loco parentis to University students generally-should charge itself with their maintenance, buy their clothes, pay for their books, supply them with pocket money, and defray the accounts of their laundresses. Until it does this, the offer to remit the University fees to students belonging to the working classes " Is like sending them raffles when wanting a shirt." Our expenditure upon tho state-school system is already a formidable item in our yearly balance-sheet, and we ought to be very careful how we increase it by such altogether unnecessary additions as the one proposed. If the middle and upper classes wish to secure for their children the benefits of University instruction, they can do so for what is to them a very moderate outlay, and the proportion to relieve them of it at the expense of the great body of the tax- payers is one which it is odd should emanate from a democratic Govern- ment. Efficient machinery for the extinction of fires) is a necessity in all large com- munities, but in Melbourne the fact docs not appear to have been recognised, or if it has, the duty of providing it has been culpably neglected. Our fire brigade system is incomplete, it rests on no solid foundation, and is liable to dis- organisation at any moment. Melbourne has been singularly fortunate in escaping serious disaster from fire, but immunity cannot always be reckoned upon. A large conflagration in the city is one of the possibilities which ought to be guarded against, but with the means now in existence, such an event would, we fear, find us but ill-prepared. We have, it is true, numerous brigades in the city and suburbs, but only one of them-that maintained by the insurance companies, and known as the Metro- politan Brigade-is established on any- thing like a proper footing. This brigade has a permanent staff of about 13 men, who are always in readiness when called upon, but in every other case the firemen have their ordinary avocations to attend to, and it is owing to good fortune as much as anything else that they are at hand in an emer- gency. When they are present at fires they work zealously and well, but unless their services can be obtained at a moment's notice, they are of uncertain value, and their aid at a critical time might come just a little too late. What seems to be required, there- fore, is to place all the brigades, or at least a given number of them, on a more or- less permanent footing. To maintain every one of them at the full strength would perhaps cost a Iarger sum than could be provided without pressing too hardly on the contributors but it would be quite practicable at a moderate outlay to employ regularly a sufficient number of men to constitute each brigade the nucleus of an effective body, which, with auxiliary support would be sufficient for all purposes At this stage, however and in view of the steps which are being taken to procure legisla tion on the subject, we have no desire to propound a scheme-we merely indicate the course which re- organisation might follow. In order to show how desirable it u that something should be done in the matter, the position occupied by the fire brigades as regards their maintenance may be explained The metropolitan brigade, as already stated, is supported by the insurance companies, and until a few years ago these institutions contri buted also £50 per year to each of the suburban and country brigades which derived the remainder of their income from municipal grants The insurance companies, however, on the ground, we believe, of want of co operation on the part of the municipal bodies in bringing the question before Parliament, withdraw their accustomed subsidy, and since then the brigades have had to depend entirely upon the liberality of the local bodies. This has long been a subject of complaint on the part of the municipal councils, who consider that the insurance companies should bear a share of the burden The companies, on the other hand, cannot see that it is their duty to contribute to a system which they condemn as imperfect, and refuse to recognise tho obligation It may be said that in maintaining a brigade entirely at their own cost they contradict themselves, but in this matter they act entirely from motives of expediency Their heaviest risks are upon property in the city, and tho brigade is kept up simply for the purpose of protecting themselves against loss But they regard the tax as an un- just one, and have therefore repeatedly sought the aid of the Government in placing before Parliament a measure to establish fire brigades on a sound basis, and to provide for their maintenance on some legitimate and fair principle The question, however, has, session after session, been shelved In 1871, a bill was prepared and submitted to Mr. FRANCIS, the Chief Secretary, who an- nounced, on the I6th of June, that the measure was under consideration with a view to its introduction if business per nutted Business, apparently, did not permit, for nothing more was heard of the bill that session In December, 1875, Mr KERFERD, who had become the head of the Government, was ques- tioned about the bill, but he replied that the session was too far advanced for its introduction to be thought of Sir JAMES McCULLOCH returned a similar answer to an inquiry made in the Legislative Assembly in September, 1876, and another session closed without anything being done. Recently the insurance companies have taken fresh action The bill of 1874 has been reconsidered by a committee specially appointed for the purpose, and after undergoing some amendment, has been placed m the hands of the Chief Secretary If it should meet with his approval, it is hoped that he will intro- duce it as a Government measure, or at all events give such facilities as he can for its passage through the Assembly. We are not in a position to state exactly what are the provisions of the amended bill, but in its main features it resembles that of 1871. This mea sure was based upon the Metropolitan Fire Brigade Act passed by the Imperial Parliament in 1865, under which brigades were established, for the sup port of which a small rate was levied from the citizens, and contributions obtained from the insurance companies in proportion to the amounts insured by them In the Victorian meatsure these provisions are reproduced, but an additional source of revenue is proposed in the shape of a salvage fee, to be paid by uninsured persons whose pro- perty may be saved by the brigades These are the main points of the bill, and they show the important character of the legislation contemplated We do not commit ourselves to the measure, which must be criticised when we have it be- fore us. For the present we will con tent ourselves with urging the Chief Secretary to give the matter his consi deration, and to deal with it in some shape or other as speedily as the exi goncies of public business will allow The telegrams published in another column from our owncorrespondent, from the agent general, and from RKOTEB, agree in describing some very hard fight ing as having takon place at the Schipka Pass between the Russians, who aie strongly entrenched m that position, and SULIEMAN PASHA According to the Rua sian official account every attompt on w part to dislodge the enemy was repulsed with terrible loss, while the casualties BUS talned by the Russians were relatively unimportant , but according to the lurks, ho scaled the heights after four teen houra' hard fighting, retainod tho ground he had gained, was unsuccessful in his eüortB to drive the Russians from their entrenchments, and isi stiU hopoful of accomplishing his objoct Tho truth probably lies somewhere in the middlo It may be remembered that on the 4th of August SÜLK -HUT PASÏÏA defeated the Russians at Lsl i Safehra, from which place they retreated in disorder Ho then seems to hate divided his army in taroo portions Ono of those was sent to cross tho Ball ans at the Bogaz PaBB, whioh lies on tho main road from Adnanoplo to Shurola another was directed to cross the mountains by the Iron Gate, or Dom« I.apu PaBs, from Shvno to Tirno.a ana with tho main body ho attacked the RusBiaiiB on the Schipka heights IM lirat of theso detachments succocdod m (.fleeting a junction with MLIIEMBI AU, who waa last heard o£ is oporating near 1 asrrad, and .tho is aov, roportod as having f,iven battle to tho RuBBiansat Eski Darna, a small villago lying bottveen Shumla and Osman Bazar, whore ho is sala to havo BUBtained a defeat, althou.h wa Turks claim a victory At the samo tuno wo hear of an unsuccessful attempt oy OSM .N P.siiv to dislodge tho Russians from Sehi It ia m accordance «ita thc.ee reports that it should bo statoa that tho TurkB are making great cflorts to dave tho enemy out oi Tirnova, Gabrova, and Solví before tho Russians can bo reinforced while «a fact that the Turi s can spaio forces w crois the Danube at Widin, the mos westerly of their fortified points a Bulgana, and also to operate m tho Dobrudscha, is of «oT1***T? significance, and the opinion ontertain0 in England that tho position of tho Rus Blane in the valley of the Danube is critical is necossarily deserving of atten tion, inasmuch namuohfuUorinforraaUoa is aceossiblo thero than can roach us hore. That a groat battlo should bo regarded as imminent is only natural in the circum- stances. _ Mr. A. K. FINLAY'» letter in our Satur doy's issuo put the caso for the proposed tax on live stock in as moderato and . .plausible a manner as porhaps Is possible. Tho key of his position, as ho admits, ia the following argutnont, which ho says " has not boon seriously assailed": " It is clear that when once the prias of \- Btock might reach a higher figure than the «mount of the tax, plus the boiling-down "value, thoy must go to market." No doubt this is tho case, but tho rule .works backwards, and wo may say that the full argument has not beon Beriously assailed, that " when once tho price of " stock falls to a lower figuro than the '« boiling-down value, plus the amount " of tho tax, the stock will not go " to market." On first consideration it tappearo that prices must be very low bo .fore the boiling- down value plus tho tax \- can operate as a factor in the sum, but the more the.public becomes acquainted -with the realities of the case the more this first impression is dispelled. Aineri \- can farmers find that thero is a certain point beyond which it does not pay to .send wheat to market, the expenses cat- ling up the price of the article, and so '«with stook. The Melbourne market han its limits of supply. In Queensland and in New South Wales thero aro .?seaports and _ river ports to which tallow-and skins can be sent, and the competition of those ports is strengthened 'by the proposed tax to the extent 'theoretically -of Od. per head, and abso- lutely more, because tho squatter will -often have to borrow the 9d. and pay for the accommodation. Mr. FINLAY refers to the inconsistency of the opponents of -the tax, who assert that it will " enhance " the price in Melbourne, and keep stock " away," for he says, if prices go up, i sheep will come in. Mr. FINLAY is .answered, however, by ADAM SMITH, to whom ho referred us on a former occa- sion : "When a tax," says that authority, "is imposed upon the prouts of Btock in a par- ticular branch of trade, the traders are all -careful to bring no more goods to market 'than what they can sell at a price sufficient to reimburse tberu for advancing the tax, -Some of tbem withdraw a part ot their stocks from the trade, and the market is more sparingly supplied than before. The price of the goods rises, and the final payment of the tax falls upon the consumer." TVo aie awaro of the distinction ADAM SMITII makes between merchandise and .farm produce, but the extract suflicos to show how prices go up, and goods do -riot necessarily ruBh in ; and,_ moreover, the contention is that in this case we have to consider sheop rather as mer . chandiso than as a product of agriculture. Mr. FINLAY does not refer to the state- ment made by Mr. RITCHIE as to tho effect of the tax on sheep which at pre- sent come to Melbourne to bo boiled down or preserved ; and it is important to remember that no less than 472,000 sheep wero so disposed of last year in Victoria. The tax must bo an Immense Inducement to capital to oporato on theso sheep outside our limits, and it is this view of tho caso which is to be pressed upon Mr. BERUY to-day. I£ we wore conspiring against tho Chief Secretary wo might bo willing to let him go on without remonstronco with a tax which is sure sooner or later to arouse popular in- dignation. But wo havo no such inton tion. The Chief Secretary can withdraw from his position readily enough, and wo shall hope to hear that he is not stifl nccked, but will to-day give an assurance that he will not paralyso the meat-pre- serving industry. . The Land Tax Bill will bo submitted to Ministers for a final revision at a Cabinet meeting called for the purpose this afternoon. As novel machinery is brought into operation by the measure, the details of the bill requiro more than ordinary consideration. The Chief Secretary hopes to circulate the bill on Tuesday morning, and if the Assembly is . willing, he will take the second reading the same afternoon. All the returns for the South Gipps Land election bave now been recoived. Tbo only one wanting was that for Drouin Junction which gives 12 votes for Macartney, and 14 for Mason. The totals now are-Macartney, 400 ; Mason, 3G6 ; majority for Macartney, 01 It is understood that Sir Bryan O'Loghlen has abandoned the petition which was pre Bented on bis behalf against the return of the sitting members for North Melbourne Overtures were made to the present repre- sentatives last week to Btay proceedings on the basis of both parties paying their own costs, and as little, if any, expense had been incurred by Messrs. Laurena and Story, who regarded the allegations ngalnBt them SB fri- volous, tho arrangement is one which is easily carried out The petition contained come serious allegations. It averred "that divers false and fictitious ballot-papers wore need at the taking of the said poll, and were surreptitiously introduced into the ballot boxes, and the votes in such fictitious ballot papers were erroneously counted thereat as genuine voteB ; that at said eleotlon divers electors were personated at said poll, and votes colonrably given at such poll, whereas such votes were null and void, and ought to be struck off said poll." The news from the quarantine station is unsatisfactory. Dr. M'Crea left town to visit the place on Saturday, and ho telegraphs tbat there aro several now cases of a sus- picions character presenting the initiatory Symptoms of vareóla. They may be nothing, but Dr. M'Crea is alarmed, and the present Btringent precautions observed at Point Hopean will not bo rolaiod until he i8 Satisfied. It bos been represented to the Commis- sioners for Victoria at the Paris Exhibition that many intending exhibitors who have no representatives in the French metropolis bave agonts in London. It has therefore been determined to send from Paris to Xondon after the cloeo of the Exhibition ia the formor city, at tbs cost and risk of thei. respective owners, all tho exhibits which the commissioners have been requested to So forward. Thero has beon a considerable indax of tonnago to the port during the past week, tho greater portion of it, however, haviui bîen contributed by coaB'ors and vessels from colonial ports. In steamers the principal arrivals have been the s.S. Somersetshire, from London, after a pleasant and very quiolc passage of 50 days ; the Torres Straits mail .Steamer Brisbane, from Singapore; and the NotbtrlandB-India Co.'s steamer William Mackinnon, from Java, via Port Darwin bound to Adelaide, in pursuance to a contract with the South Australian Go vornment. In Bailing ships, the vesBîl from borne havo been the Lucileand Senator from Liverpool, with general cargoes. Since noting tlie arrival of tho Mirzaporo, from I'uget Sound, there has been another timber laden vessel thonoe-the Levi Stevens ; and the Old Smith Ploug, from Frederickstad, boB brought a cargo of ilooring boards. The Elizabeth, from Mauritius, io augar- laden, and the Kassa, from Colombo, is froigutod with oil, coffee, coir, and oocoanuts. The Mac duff, from London, was released from quaran- tine during the week, and is now alongside the pier at Williamstown discharging .cargo. The Yorkshire, with passengers and cargo, has been the only departure for Lon- don during the we6k. The Merchant Shipping and Underwriters' Association has received a telegram of the arrival of the City of Santiago from this port at London, The telegram waa dated 23id inst. Our Queenscliff corrrospondent telegraphs: -" The barque Kassa, from Colombo, reports the death of a passenger, a Mr. Scott, from .an overdose of opium taken to induce sleep. It was elicited by the acting health officer, Dr. W. H. Macfarlane, that deceased had not been drinking. Every effort WBB mado to restore the patient, but without success. He died on Thursday last at li a.m." The body bas been brought on ia the vessel, and boa been placed in the morgue at Melbourne, where it awaits an inquest. H.M.S. Sapphire is on her way to Mel- bourne, having sailed from Sydney on the 22nd ¡nat Her departure (the Sydney Morn- ing Herald sayB) afforded a number of per« sons who happened to be at Lady Maoquarie'a Point an opportunity o£ seeing a Smart piece of seamanship. She got under way with canvas, but the tide catching her, she waa drifting athwart hawse of the barque Lake Simcoe, which had just arrived from Mel- bourne, and was at anchor a short distance from the point ; but a collision was adroitly avoided by the Sapphire being thrown abaok , and maning a Stornboard, clearing the barque by about Oft. She then set Btudding sails, and ander a cloud of canvas proceeded to sea.' The Government astronomer reports: " The weather at the beginning of last week was dull and showery, but cleared np on the 21er, and became very fine and mild, and remained so nntil the end of the week, when it was boisterous and squally. The highest temperature in the shade, 67'0deg., was re- corded on the afternoon of the 23rd, the lowest, 33 Odeg. on the early morning of the 22nd, with hoar frost The highest reading of the barometer, 30 l.Gin., occurred on the evening of the 21st, with a light south- westerly breeze ; the lowest, 29 GOlin,, on the early morning of the 25th, with a fresh northerly wind. Rain fell to the amount of 0 .Oin., making the total rainfall since the beginning of the year 17 42in., as compared with 13.7in. daring the same period In 1876, 2077in. in 1875, l8 17in. in 1874, l8 08in. in 1873, 20,08in. Inl872,17'92in. In 1871,19 02¡n. in 1870,lV81ln. In 1869, 10 71in. in 1868, 14 82m. ia 1867, 12 67ii_, in 1866, 10 79.ru in 1866, WOOin. In 1864, l8'.Gio. in 1863,17 55in. In 1862, _6-83jn. In 1861,13 23in. in 1860,13 8G¡__ in 1859,12 90k-, in 1858, or an average of 15 coin." A miniature railway, the construction of which has not been submitted to either branch of the Legislature for its sanction, but which, nevertheless, is likely to prove extremely useful when completed, is now being constructed by the Railway depart- ment. The line will ran from the north end of the Spencer- street goods station to the Yarra, on the west side of Halliburton's wool- washing establishment, passing through a portion of the West Melbourne Swamp, at the rear of the City of Melbourne Gas Com- pany's works. At the river end of the line a siding will be constructed, and the length of the whole line, in- cluding this, will be about a mile, the estimated cost of the whole work being £2,000. The immediate object of the line is to convey silt from the dredges in the river, and as the dredging proceeds more vigorously—when the Harbour Trust's ope- rations for the improvement of the river have come into effective operation—the Commis- sioner of Railways estimates that many thousands of yards of silt will be conveyed by this line. The silt will be used for filling up the hollow area within the railway reserve until a large quantity of land which is now lying useless for railway purposes can be available for goods station accommoda- tion. When all this land has been filled up it is believed the department will then be in a position to consider the advi- sability of bringing the goods traffic into the goods sheds in a straight line from North Melbourne, dispensing with the numerous "S" curves which have had to be made. The siding on the Yarra, besides being em- ployed for landing silt, will be useful as a timber and firewood siding, and if necessary it can be connected with the timber-yard in front of the gasworks. As the line will pass across one of the intended outlets of the West Melbourne Swamp drainage works, a small bridge will have to be constructed near the Yarra. The line will be finished in about a month. An engino turntable, 50ft. in diameter, has just been completed for the Railway depart- ment by the Atlas Company of Engineers, Latrobe and Queen stroots. The tarntab'o is one of two for the construction of which this company were the successful tenderers, the price being a little over £500 each. The construction of the turntable was carried out from deBigna prepared by the R.ilway department, and Megara. Watson and Ford having inspected the turntable certified that the work had been satis- factorily executed. By means of an im. proved arrangement of anti-friction rollers, it was shown that the table, although over 10 tons in weight, could be moved round with great facility, a weight of 41b. applied to the outer end causing it to revolve easily. Both in design and workmanship the table is pronounced to bo thoroughly satis« factory. A special general meeting of the Victorian Manufacturers' and Exhibitors' Association was held at Hockin's Hotel on Friday even« ing. The meeting, which was called for the election of office-bearers, was one of the meat influential and numerously attended yet held. Mr. Robert Harper was unani. monsly elected president of the association for the ensuing year. The following vice piesidents were elected according to the voting in the order named'.-Messrs Marcus Robotham, John Z.venboom, David Munro, and Hugh Lennon. Mr. John Danks was unanimously elected treasurer. The elec. tion for the council-24 in number resulted in the following being chosen : Messrs. J. H. Knipe, J. B. Whitty, J. Kitchen, D. White, James Ackman, Robert Wright, C. Nettleton, L. L Mount, C. P. Creswell, T. Stevenson, Robert Caldwell, T. Swallow, T. Henderson, Robert Payne, H. Brid, John O ¡ven, Nathaniel Levi, C. Brachi, Alexander Smith, Hugh Wilson, S, Walwortb, F. L. Mount, George Fincham, and Wnlter Brown. The trustees were then elected as follows :-Messrs Alex. ander Stevenson, John M'llwraitb, and Nathaniel Levi. Ia conseqaonce of the late- ness of the hour the remaining business on the notice-paper conld not be proceeded with, and the meeting wai therefore ad- journed till this evening, at 8 o'clock. " Tho Bishop of Melbourne," the Riverine Herald states, "has followed the English cus- tom appertaining to the ecclesiastical govern, mi nt of the Church < f Eueland, by appointing B.vcrul members of the clorgy to the office of rural deans of various districts of the colony. For the Echuca district, the Rev, J. Garlick, pastor of Christ Church, ha. re. ceived this distinction, his jurisdiction in the exercise of the clerical office extending over eil the churches betweon Sandhurst and the Murray, and thoBo between Echuca the Goullnrn and the Terricks. The functions of the nonly elected rural deans, who hava Eo ptedecessors in the colony, will bo to teriodically visit the churches under their Bnpervieion, report upon their wants, and matters otherwise affecting them, and afford the medium of communication between tho clerpy and the biBhop. Tho Rev. W. R Croxton, of Sandhurst-, and the Rev. Canon Howard, of Beechworth, have been appointed rural deans for theBe districts respectively, and one or two other similar appointmoats have been made." A contrivance has been patented by Mr, W. Bracker, of Bonrko-street west, for pro. venting a horse from running away with a vehicle when he happens to bo left an. watched in the street. Mr. Bracker has screwed a brass collar to the nave of the oil wheel, and on the collar fitted a hook When the driver descends from his seat, all he has to do is to fasten the roma by means of a connecting strap and ring to the book. Should the horse then start off with the vehicle, the reins would bo immediately tightened np by the turning of the wheel, and before he conld advance more than two or three paceB he would havo the whole of the pulling to do with his mouth InBtead of his body. The reina act on the horse in the same way as if palled by the hand, and the horse I would be glad for his own comfort to stop. The collar is so adjusted to the nave that it is free to turn independently of the wheel when -the latter runs backwards. Conse- quently, when the horse backs with the vehicle, the light strain that ison the rein3is sufficient to prevent tho hook from follow- ing tho wheel, and so shortening the reins. Were it not for this precaution, the horse would be pulled back as he wont back, and eventually placed in a very awkward pre- dicament. The apparatus only acts when tbo animal moves ahead, and it comes into eflect the moment he starts. It should bo noticed that the strain put on the horso amounts to much moro than the weight of the vehicle, for tho woight is multiplied (according to a simple law in mechanics) by tbe difference between the diameter of the nave and the diameter of tho wheel. A guard projected from the body of the vehicle prevents the reinB from rubbing on the rim of the wheel. To eave the horse's mouth, a stout elastic band is introduced into the middle of the strap, and it oaaos the pull considerably. The suburban race meeting at Kensington parkonSaturdaywaswellattended,thoaghthe weather daring the earlier part of the after- noon was unpleasant. The races were not so cloeely contested as usual. For the Hurdle Race there were nine starters, the winner being found in Fritz, an outsider. Sweet briar was second, and Stampede third. The Two-year-old Stakes was won by Stewardess easily, Coongoola (the favourite) second, and Warlock third. Activity beat Fisherman in the Flat Race by half a length. The Stooplechaso was won by Diroroon, who ran well throughout, beating Maggie Moore by about two lengths. Flirta- tion was third. The Selling Rice waa easily won by Sheriff, with Jack Sprat second; and Herschel won the O.K. Handicap with- out the slightest difficulty. Fisherman was second, and Activity third. Daring the afternoon the stewards caused a lad named Leaby, who was disqualified by the V.R.C. ia connexion with the Newminster case, to be tamed off the course. An unfortunate accident happened with the Melbourne hounds on Saturday, which resulted in a son of Mr. Baillie, of Toorak, being severely injured. The meat was at Weriibee-park, where a good muBter of the members of tbe bunt assembled, Mr. Baillie did not follow the chase, but with His Excellency the Governor and Mr. Andrew Chirnside was making a short cat to watch the hunt. There was a gateway in the line which was formed by a couple of hurdles. Mr. Baillie put his horse at tbe hurdles, but, instead of taking the leap, whieh was a very moderate one, the horse swerved to one aide, and ran into the wire fence, over which he fell, rolling over his rider. As Mr. Baillie waB found to be badly injured, he was at once conveyed to Werribee house, end Dr. James was telegraphed for, but he being absent Dr. Bowen went down by the afternoon train in his place. It was found not advisable to remove Mr. Baillie at the time, and Dr. James, who went to the Werribee hy the evening train, superin- tended his removal to town by the last train. Mr. Baillie was taken direct to his father's house at Toorak. Oa examination it was found that he had received a severe injury to the head, and np to yesterday evening he had not recovered consciousness. Dr, James has been in close attendance, but does not expect any change in his patient till to. day. The date of the Amateur Coursing Club Bracelet Meeting having been postponed until the 29[b, 30ib, and 31at inst, the nominations will close at the office of the club, 100 Bourke-street west, at i p.m. this day. The entries muBt be sent in by 4 o'clock to-morrow afternoon, when the draw will toke place. Colonel Bruce nutton had a parada of the 1st battalion of Metropolitan Rifles on Thura doy evening'in the Royol-park, with very satisfactory results. There wero nearly 250 men present from the three corps forming the battalion- Metropolitan, Carlton, and Northern Rifles-and four good companies were formed. The battalion was under the command of Major Freeman, bat bo was somewhat at a disadvantage, as there were no other mountod officers present. The com- panies were commanded by Captain Temple- ton, CR, ; Captain Marks, CR ; Lieutenant Bennett, M li ; and Lieutenant Wilkin, son, N.R, The battalion waa first exercised in skirmishing drill, and were afterwards pat though a Beries of battalion movements, many of them ot the doable. At the con- clusion of the parade Colonel Hatton ex- pressed his satisfaction at the manner ia which the movements had been performed, and was especially pleased with the way in which the men marched together. Dr. Faltón was present with the battalion as usual, bat his services were not required. On Friday morning detectives Foster and Hayes viBited a house of low repute in Lons dale-street occupied by a person named Clarke in search of stolen property, and were surprised to find amidst unmistakable eicns of poverty a cupboard stored with a dozen bottles of champagne. The occupant said that it bad been given to her aB a pre- sent by a friend for the purpose of cele- brating the birthday of her Bon. Dating the day, however, a report was received at the detective office that 12 bottles of asimilar brand had been stolen on Thursday night from the rear premises of NiBsen's Cafó, in Bourke- street. On Footer and Hayes re- turning to Clarke's house they found that the champagne had been removed, the only trace of it left being a few pieces of broken bottles. They, however, arrested tbe woman Clarke, and a boyjnamed Edward Ryan, who lived in the same house, and waa known to be following no lawful occupation, and brought them before the City Police Court on Saturday, tbo former charged with keeping a house frequented by disorderly persons, and the latter with vagrancy. Clarke was sentenced to one mouth's imprisonment, and lijan, who appeared to have been the one who committed tho tboft, to threo months. One of those attempts which aro so fre- quently made by larrikins to throw tobacco over the gaol walla for the benefit of their incarcerated friends was frustrated on Friday night by Senior-constable O'sullivan, At about 11 o'clock tho senior, constable ob Beived two yoathB, named Thomas Prender- gast and Thomas Burns, walking in Latrobe street towards the gaol, and Buapecting tbelr object Le proceeded to interrogate thom. At bia approach they took to flight, but he suc- ceeded in capturing both, and, with the assistance of a civilian, he took thom to the watch-house. In Prendergast^ pos- session was found a snag containing a large number of parcels of tobacco, a pack of cards, a packet of writing paper and envelopes, and a letter, all of which wore addressed to prisoners at present in tho Mol. bourne Gaol The offenders were brought before the City Bench on Saturday, and in default of paying a fino of £5 each, were son tenced to imprisonment for three months with hard labour. Hiram W. Paterson was brought before the City Bench on Saturday, charged with having embezzled money belonging to the shire council of Dnrobin in 1873 whiltit he filled tho office of secretary and treasurer to that council. He waa remanded for seven days, and on his next appearance before the Coutt he will probably be remanded to EppiDg. A young man named Martin Flannery was charged at the City Police Court on Saturday with insulting behaviour on the previous day in Carlton. It appeared from the evi- dence that he threatened to stab two girls, and that he otherwise conducted himself in on unseemly manner in the public streets. He was sentenced to imprisonment for three months with hard labour, in default of paying a fine of £5. The Chinese denizenB of Little Bourke street have beon making another attempt to reopen their illegal lotteries. One bank appears to have been in operation for some days, and one of the ticket-Bellers, named Ah Lin, has been summoned by the defectives to nppoar at tho City Police Court on Vi ed nesda) next An inquest was held by Mr Candler at the Bridge Hotel, Dandenong on Friday con- cerning the death of John Evans aged 56 years, farmer, of Lyndhurst whoso body was found in the Dandenong Creek on the morn- ing of the 22nd inst. Evidence was given to the effect that the deceased and his wife at- tended the Dandenong market on the 21st inst., and that they left for home in their cart at 9 o'clock at night. When they had got about 100 yards beyond the bridge the deceased got out of the cart, and proceded to walk back to Dandenong. He was a little the worse of liquor and insisted on having more. His wife drove on home and saw no more of him until his dead body was found in the creek, there was no suspicion of foul play having taken place. Mr William Wil- hams, surgeon deposed that the cause of death was asphyxia from drowning, and the jury gave a verdict that the deceased was accidentally drowned. The body of the young man James Watt Paxton, t\ho was drowned hythe capsizing of his boat m the Yarra on the 1th mut, was recovered on Saturday morning It was dis covered near the scene of the accident by William Gardiner, son of a ferryman, and was removed to the morgue An inquest was held by the city coroner in the afternoon and a verdict of "Accidentally drowned ' waa returned. A new arrival named Henry Richardson. or_ed 25 years, committed suicide early on Saturday morning in the Royal Hotel, Vic tona street, Carlton He had boen drinking to excess before bis arrival in the colony, and had not been fortunate in finding suitable employment in Melbourne, both of which cir- cumstances seemed to have had a very depres Bing effect on his mind He went to bed aboat midnight on Inday and soon after- wards was fonnd kneeling in bed with his throat cut, and when being conveyed to the Melbourne Hospital he died Dr Youl held an inquest on the body on the following afternoon, and the jury returned a verdict to the effect that the deceased had committed suicide whilst of unsound mind. A meeting of the committee of the Bendigo Agricultural and Horticultural Society was held on Saturday aftornoon at the Metro politan Hotel (we learn from our corre spoudont) for the purpose of making arrange ments for the holding of a spring show under the auBpices of the society Thors was a good attendance of members, the chair being occupied by Mr Yeo, the president. After some busineBB of no pabilo importance had been disposed of, it was decided that a spring show should be held on Wednesday, the 24th October, the majority of those present considering that a one day show would be more advantageous than one extend« ing over two or more days. A meet- ing will be held on Saturday next, for the purpoBe of preparing a prize schedule. At the CIOBO of the meeting the chairman, Mr. Yeo, intimated his intention of bringing forward a motion at the first general meeting of the society to the effect that the Govern« ment ahould be requested to insert a clause m the Local Government Act empowering all ehire councils to levy a rate on farmers at the rate of Id. in the £ on their annual valuation, the proceeds of which should be handed over to the recognised agricultural society in the district. The object of the motion, Mr Yeo stated, was that all who reaped a benefit from the institution of agri cultural societies should be made to contri, bate a reasonable amount towards their support. The Melbourne correspondent of the Gipps Land Timts atatea ' that the Commissioner of Railways has promised to accompany Sir C. Gavan Duffy through Gipps Land during the recess, with a view to ascortaia. ing its railway requirements by personal observation and inquiry ' Mr Paton, whose anticipated arrival from England to fill the incumbency of Mary borough, resigned by the Rev G A C, innes, has been the canse of somo conten tion between the Bishop of B illarat and his clergy, is, after all (says the Mari/hoi ougfi Standard), going to remain in the old country. Professor Peareon had an interview last week with the chairmen and correspondents of the school boards of advice for the Castle- maine district The Kyneton Guardian ob- serves -' Trom what the professor very cautiously expressed, it was gathered that his íe.ommendation would tend to give the boardB largely increased powers, that they would be authorised to expend small sums of money upon urgent works, and to recom- mend lat ger amounts to bo paid by the de' périment, that it would devolve npon them to compile the district rolls and to agree with neighbouring boards as to the boundaries of their several districts, that the truant officer system having proved a failure, the work would be better done by the local police (who had really now but littlo to do) iuconjimc tion with the boards, that the boardB should have power to report npon the charac tera of the teachers, and also should exercise a more general supervision over them, and the manner in which they conducted the busineBB of their schools They should also obtain a more uniform attendance of chil dren of the proper school age, viz, from six to 12 sears, than had hitherto been the case and which seemed to be largely on the do ere neo, should check the tondency of children going from one school to another in tho same district without cause and at brief intervals which is found to bo growing into a pernicious habit and should promote the establishing of night schools, and where possible thereat a division of the sexes One suggestion made by the pro f essor did not find favour with a single person present, viz, that the chairman of every board should bo m.estcd with raagtstoria' functions, to have the power to doal with all cases under the act at a sort of private court to avoid the publicity of parents and (¡uaidianB brought to a police court It was suggested that each cauca should be dealt with by police magistrates only, without the intervention of local juanees whoso anti pathy to the act it was reported had led to the miscarriage of justice in several well known cases " " The Chinese camp at Ballarat on Friday night' relates tho /¡lor, "resembled avast beehive more than onything else for it was crowded from duBlt nntil dawn by larrikins, Chinese and sight seers-male and female The annual ceremony of providing food raiment, and firing for the souls of those Chinese who bave died by violenco or acci dent was peiformed a pries'- coming from Dunolly to cfficiate About £30 was colloctod to pay expenses and was laid out in Ure woo J food, and pot T patterns of clothing A'' dusk a largo fire was lit in the open air, and tom tomB kettledrums and reod pipes used to produce an ear splitting chorus lina music unearthly, though not very sp ritual waa kept up until midnight to attract th9 attention of the spirits for who30 benefit the good things were provided Spirit etiquette seems to he the same all the world over and it is not ' the thing ' for oven Chinese ghosts to walk before midnight At that witching hour gin and wine woro spilt upon the earth, and dishes wherein rue fowls, fruit vegetables, and pudding formed an olia podrida wore placed round the fire W hen the spirits were eupposod to have eaten enough to last them for another twelve- month and warmed themselves thoroughly, the paper clothes were burnt amid many quaint ceremonies The food was thon dis tnbuted among the paupers of the camp, a group of the loathsome lepers from near the Ki ile butte, who bad crawled to tho core mony getting a fowl to themselves ' An înqueBt was held at Rutherglen, on Wednesday last, on the body of Mr W Thorne, late manager of the Bank of Vic tona at that town The evidence showod (soys the Chens and Murray Advertiser) that the deceased went down a shaft on the Pipe cloy Reef to mBpect the mine. He was ac companied by Mr. A. Hunter, who, just before he was hauled np, again expressly cautioned the deceased, who was a very heavy man, to be sure and put his leg in tho rope, and not to tt net bis foot Blmplyintheloop. As Hunter and another person were hauling Mr. Thorne up, and when he was about 23ft. from the euiface they heard a cry to " Hold on ; lowera bit," which they did. Thoy re- commenced hauling as soon as they hoard the cry " AH right," but before they had taken half a turn of the windlass thoy felt that there was no weight upon the rope, and they could bear the decoaeed falling down the abaft, which was 103ft. deep. Oa descending they found Mr. Thorne lying on his back, quite dead. A verdict of accidental death was returned. Concerning the Evandale murder the Corn- wall Vhronkla of August 21 reportB :-"An inqucBt was held at Evandale on Wednesday, before Mr. CbarleB Arthur, to ascertain the canse of death of Thomas Radge, who was found shot dead on Tuesday morning in the kitchen of bia employer, Mr. John Pearson. Jobn Bresnahan, the supposed murderer, has been orreBted, and was present at the inquest According to the evidence ho had also been employed by Mr. Pearson, but had been paid off on Saturday night Ho then commenced drinking, and got rid of all his money by Monday, He disappeared from Evandale for some time, and then returned with a good supply of coBh. The evidence also went so far as to show that he had visited Mr. Pear- son's house and threatened the deceased, with whom be had quarrelled before he was discharged. The deceased was shot in the face, and he was terribly mutilated by the discharge. A gun was found lying near him. Rudge was a steady, sober, inoffensive man, about C5 years of age. A verdict of wilfal mnrder was returned by the jury against John Bresnahan, and ho waa committed for trial on tbe coroner's warrant." The Eastern Province Herald (Cape of Good Hope) of June l8 has the following : "We received from Mr.Horsley, of Humans dorp, the following telegram:-'Hamansdorp, Friday,-Large ship Sealkote, from Rangoon for Liverpool, with rice, wrecked between Agnlhss and Plettemberg Bay through leak. Captain died on shore, and waa buried at Zietzekamma Month. Seven men arrived bere. Tbe chief officer, with boat and 14 men, it is feared, are lost. The Sealkote was 1,213 tons register, built at Sackville, New Bruns- wick, in 1858, and owned by the Merchants' Trading Company, No. 58 Brown's-buildings, Liverpool.' " Amongst the pasBengers by the N.I.S.N. Company's steamer from Java is Mr. R. G. Wells, of New York, a professional aiironaut, who has made many aBcents, the last two being at Batavia. Mr. Wells has his balloon and apparatus with him, and intends making a tour of the colonies. The Opera-house was densely thronged in all parts on Saturday night to witness the seventh consecutive representation of Wag- ner's Bplendid composition "Lohengrin." The performance went with brilliancy and fine finish. Signor Paladini has mastered every difficulty connected with the arduous rule which has been allotted to him, and he carries himself now throughout the pieos with ease, with grace, and with dignity, which suit well with the part he plays. Severe though the task undoubtedly is, the fine quality of his voice bears all tho strain which is put npon it, and he sings from beginning to end with sympathy, and with fresh and vigorous voice. The audience were enthusiastic in their applause, and the principals were frequently summoned before the curtain. " Lohengrin" wilt be re. peated to-night. We direct the attention of the reader to the announcement concerning tbe "run" of this moat interesting opera, which will be found in another column. At the Academy of Music on Saturday evening "Don Cicsar de Bazau" was pro. duced for tbe one occasion. The drama is more familiar in its operatic version, but it haB not unfreqnently been played in Mel bourne. Mr. Dillon endeavoured to give a vivacious representation of tho light-hearted and rocklees cavalier, but his intention was better than his execution. Mr. Ryan ployed Don JOEÓ in the melo-dramatia manner peculiar to himself. Miss Anstead may be credited with natural and intelligent acting as Maritana, and Miss Pender made a graceful and pleasing Lazarillo. Mr. Wallace filled the part of the Marquis do Rolondo, the comical character of the play. Having discovered the wonderful amount of humour which lies in an oath opportunely introduced, and his first essay being favourably received, he did not neglect to work the vein. The burlesque of "Aladdin" was played as an afterpiece. To-night Mr. William Creswick. the well-known English actor, and Miss Helen Ashton will make their first appear once in "Virginias." The performances of the Original Georgian Minstrels at St George's Hull, on Saturday, were well attended, there being scarcely standing room in tho evening. The enter, tainment ia one which ia evidently very popular. The following is the roport of the Lying-in Hospital and Hospital for Diseases of Women and Children for the week ending August 23J: -43 patients in hospital, 10 admitted during the week, 8 discharged, 1 died, eil remain in hospital. Total number of out-patients for the week, 118 ; new cases, 23, A general meoting of the Collingwood branch of St. Patrick's Society waa hold on Friday evening last, in the branch room. Smith-street-the president in the chair. The delegato to the district gave a verbal re port of tho proceedings at the district meet- ing. Tho medical committee brought up a progress report, which, after some slight dis- cussion, wnB adopted. The usual routine bueinoas closed tbe procsedings. In our report of the conferenco of repro sentatives of agricultural societies, which waa held at Kirk's Bazaar on Friday last, Mr. M'Ivor was represented to have said that mixed farming would not answer in thiB country. What he intended to Bay waa that the mixed system of farming that would be taught in tko colleges rocommendod by the eecrotary for agriculture would not Buit many parts of this country. Tliouiiual weekly meeting of the committee of tho Immigrants' Aid Socioty took place on Friday afternoon. The report submitted woe as follows :-Number remaining last week, ÖS1 ; admitted since, 42 ; discharged, 41 ; remaining, 323 men, 140 women, and 110 children. Total, WO. There aro 152 men, 31 women, and 3 childron sick, G men stone breaking, 13 bag-making, 139 oakum.pioking, and 13 working outside ; 10 women working in the laundry, 10 sewing, 80 hair- toasir.g, &c.; The nightly average of casuals during tho week was II) males and 4 females. Out-door relief was given to 7 families, or 20 indi viduals, on prenontiug tho relief cards of the Bocioty. The report was adoptod, and tho uBual routine business having been diaposed of, the committee adjourned. Tbo ordinary monthly meoting of the Horticultural Improvement Socioty waa held at their rooms, Victoria-atroot, on Thursday evening ; Mr. JoBepb Harris in tho chair. Mr, John Dunno was eloctod a momber of tbo socioty. A communication was received from the Horticultural Society of Victoria, stating that a special meoting of members had been held, and that tho society waa in favour of amalgamation, and had appointed a committee of »ino gontlemon to confer with a like numher of the Improvement Society as to the basis of amalgamation, con- tingent upon a similor resolution being adopted by tbo Improvement Society. It was resolved that a special meeting of the members of tho Victorian Horticultural Im. provement Society be called on Thursday, tbe 30th of August, to consider the advisa- bility of anialgamation,and to take such steps OB might be doomed expedient. 