THE ®t00N Mtfgp rfisí ï " Tliis is true liberty, wlion froeboru won, HayIqb tu advise tbo public, may speak free." Milton. "WEDNESDAY, APRIL 1?, 1877. Seroeakt Foleï and Constable Town bend, tbo policemen who shot the Rev. William Ùealy have boon brought to trial lor " feloniously killing and slay, ing," and have been acqnittod. The action of tbis journal led to this trial. The onds of justice demanded it. Considering tho awful penalty paid by tbo innocent victim of another's offence, wo claimed tho verdict of tho highest tribunal to adjudge whether I tho acts by which that valuable life wub forfeited, under such appalling circum stances—wero legally or illegally dono. That our claim bad reason to support it, is moro than sufficiently proved by tho commitment—adjudged by a most experienced and able magistrate ; by the confirmation of that commitment by tho Attor noy-Gonoral, and ompbatically so by tho Judge's clinrge to the jury, which we append to this articlo. Wo aro satisfied that we, as a journalist, did our duty to the public, and we are satisfied with the verdict given, because it is tho judgment of twelve, pre sumedly, conscientious and intelligent jurors. That tho prosecution was feebly and imperfectly conducted—that tho evidence was extraordinarily con- I flicting—that tho verdict was dead against tbe Judge's charge to tho jury, now avails not—tho jury have pro nounced "Not Guilty," and though worms now creep through tho fatal bullet holes in the body of tho dead priest, the accused aro, by tho jury's verdict, exonerated from all blame, and they are consoled by tho knowledge thus imparted, that they only "did their duty." Tbe following is the address which his Honor Mr. Justice Favtceti made to the jury, and wo approvo overy word of it :— His Honor thon addressed the jury for over an hour on the evidence given for the Crown and on the law of the case. He in tho strongest language condemned the con duct of Sergeant Foley and Constable Town send for the manner in which they proceeded to arrest Turner. They had no warrant to show Turner even if he had committed a fe'ony, and there alone they (lid not show clue precaution. According to the evidence of the Jarmans and Miss George, these con stables went to this publie bouse, made a disturbance,Swere dressed in private clothes, and altogether acted in such a way as no policemca ought to have done. They acted in this way without intimating at all that they were policemca, and they got into the man's room without telling him who they were. 'J'hiB is the evidence pi ven against them, and Miss George's evidence is evi dence for the Crown. _ And it turns out after all that tho man is not Turner—not tho mau they wanted. How do we find them acting ? They go up to tiio man's room, knock, and tell him they want a room. Ho in reply tells them the room is his, he paid for it, and intended to keep it. They re ply, " We want a room, and this one will do as well as any other." Was that the con duet of policemen ? If they wanted to arrest the man they could have said, " Wo believe you to bo Turner, and ask you to surrender." If you believe the evidence of the witnesses that such was the conduct of these policemen, I feel it my duty to tell you that their conduct was unjustifiable, no matter bow much you might think other wise. When they called for the axe to break open the door, their conduct was that of notorious men, and they wero responsible for the conduct of the man inside of tho room. This man was actually in his own room, and bad a right to resist them, coming as they did, ono of the inmates of the house look ing upon them as violent roughs from tho coach, so bad was their conduct. The land lady even sang out to them that she would send for the police if they did not desist. If that evidence be true, and if it be true that tile man waB shot before Foley said he was Sergeant Foley, then Foley is guilty of man slaughter, for the evidence goes to show the man was shot after Foley fired the first shot. It is true tbe landlady was not called for the Crown, though I was led to believe from the opening remarks of the learned crown prose cutor that she would bo called, and her absence might act upon the minds of the jury. The jury were the judges of the facts, but not the law ; and I think tho ease of so mucli im portance as to state to you t he law bearing on it so that the law might not again be brought into jeopardy. The learned judge dwelt at considerable'length upon tbe due precaution that should be used by policemen, and as to the power given them by the law in the exer cise of their duty. He also dwelt upon the the character of'Foley as given by Mr. Tomp son, Mr. Baylis, and Father Long, and con cluded by telling them it was for thejudge to decide whether there was a case to go before the jury or not, and not for a jury to toko Buch upon themselves. After the verdict was given, his Honor stated :— I have no doubt in my mind but the jury decided truly upon the facts according to their conscience, and also that Sergeant Foley believed at tho time he was acting properly, and that the man who fell a victim on that fatal night was the man ho was in pursuit of. Tbeso wero tho last words uttered officially by the Judge on this painful subject, oars shall be as wo once before wrote:—We have every desire to uphold tho police in the legi timate execution of their duty, and would have them be to tho fullest ex tent " a terror to evil doors," but wo would not have them to be a terror to the lives of innocent people, as they would speedily become if their acts wero not honestly submitted to the rational supervision of public opinion whenever, as in the present case cir cumstances appear to demand it. It will be remembered tbat on the occasion of the opening of the new WeBleyan Chapel hero, a meeting, largely attended, was held to celebrate tbo event. At tbiB meeting the President of the Wesleyan Conference delivered an addreBs, which was generally accepted as an eloqnent exposition of the special mission of Weslev as a Minister of the Gospel, and as the fonnder of the Societies which assumed bis name. We say, that the Rev. Presiden t'a address höre was considered to bo an eloquent and truly Christian utterance. We were somewhat surprised to find it re turned to us, through the columns of Tha Two Worlds in a mangled and distorted form, condemned for its " blasphemous language and audacious impiety." We bave no hesitation in saying that the words of the Rev, Bpeaker have by bis critic been wilfully and wickedly wrested from their truthful intent—and perverted not for the good purpose of " rendering to God what is God's," but for the ungenerous, unchristian purpose of maligning a distinguished and favoured Minister of God's Church. Wo publish the remarks of Two Worlds in order that by bringing them before the notice of some intelligent Wesleyan they may be effectually answered :— "As a sample ot the profano ribaldry tallied by ministers of religion at religious meetings, we may quoto tlio following passage from a speech delivered by the President of tlio Wesleyan Conference in New South Wales, at the opeuiug of a new* Wesleyan church at Wagga Wagga, on tlio 19th of March, as reported in tlie local Advertiser. Mr Clarke said :—' Wesley did not intend to create a distinct body, but a church was created through the action of tho Holy Ghost. It was not Wesley, but Christ, that crcated the Wesleyan societies into a church, and in their successful labors, their journeys to and fro, in their conversion of souls, they had their apostolical succeision, and were formed by tho head of tho church into a church. . . . Wesley was the apostle of experimental religion. Ho did not come to Bbapo creeds, but to establish God in (he heart* of men, not to break down heresy by logic, but to save souU, and so wo would call him tho apostle of experimental religion. Mr. Clarke pointed out ho«* other agencies in the Church wero moved by tho Holy Ghost, tho local preachers who felt tho power of truth, and tho lovo of Christianity wero used by God as instruments to savo souls.1 Ministers of religion have got bo much into tho habit of using this kind of blasphomouB language, that they Becm to have lost all soaee oí its audacious impiety. For what do the foregoing words assert? That the man John Wesley tvas capable of ' establishing; God in the hearts ' of other men ; and tlmt lie was also able to ' save souls ! ' In other words, Wesley was co-equal with God, was endowed with the power of establishing an immortal principle in the hearts of his feilow ereatures, und shared with Him a power which He proclaimed to be His alone. ' There is no God else beside Me ; a just God and a Savi our ; there U none henkle Me* exclaims the Most High, not once, but many times in Holy Scriptures. ' Look unto me and be ye saved, all the ends of the earth : for I am God, and thtrc is none ehe.' But what is Mr. Clarke's reply to this ? He says in effect :—" It is all a mistake. I know a great deal better than God. John Wesley was perfectly competent to bestow eternal life, and to save souls." What must be the mental blindness of those who listen to such blasphemy as this, and who, by accepting it as credible and praise worthy, put darkness for light, and evil for good, and falsehood for truth, and delu sions for realities, and lift up a pernicious impostor to an equality with God, and im pudently bestow upon him the title of an 4 apostle ? ' " I The bon. Secretary of the Deniliquin Pas toral and Agricultural Society lias forwarded I to us a copy of its Rules and Regulations, : together -with List of Subscribers, Schedules ¡ of Prizes, &c.; We notice that the names of the foremost men in the district appear as i officers and members of tho committee of management, thus strengtheningtheprospects i of success. "We think it a wise rule that at the annual general meeting "votes by proxy 1 will be allowed." Somo of the regulations have novel features, but iu every instance wc consider them to be an improvement. It is certainly a step iu the right direction, that " all stock except horses and stud bulls must be fed only on tho grasses of the district in which they are bred and exhibited from, and must have been in no way artificially housed or kept prior to exhibition. " It seems to us, however, that exception might be inadc with advantage in favor of the premier clas3 of stud rams—valuable rams, such as for instance King Billy, Jereldirie, Hay and others—under this rule 'would be excluded from exhibition, because their owners would forego the advantages of showiug rather than risk lo3s by ex posure ; besides stud rams, working, require artificially feeding. It is provided also that "all rims above 2-tooth must have been used in the Hock the year of exhibition." Every new feature in the regulations is an improvement, but wo should, for more reasons than one, have been pleased to sec that all awards and decisions made by judges be made in writing, setting forth their opinions aud tho reasons for their decisions. This course would certainly be a means of educating the breeder, and of further ing the objects of the society, the chief of "which is "to promote the im provement of the breed and the quality of stock." The list of members and subscri bers isa loug and influential one,and the sub scriptions liberal. Tho prizes are numerous and valuable, and there are some handsome contributions by some of the principal Mel bourne firms. "We notice that the rules aud ¡ regulations — very neatly got up — were I printed in Melbourne. We thought there i wero two first-class printing offices, quite ! equal to the work, at Deniliquin—tho homo I of the society. 