FRIDA Y, APRIL 27, 1877. TrE Ministerial policy is now before the country, and it seems to us to be a very tair and reasonable one. What the Premier had to say of Mr. Berry and his charges, ef the Stonewall, and the Ineasnies of last session, were suitable to the occasion, and ce uld nr,t have been well omitted. But we rtas. over these for the present, in ord,:i" tiiat we mayv devote such small slpa'e as we have a: our command to an expresit, n of opini,,n on his tariff, new taxation, and g nieral financial pro(,osals. Sir Jatm:'s M'Culloch declined to interfrn: with the tariff when he last entere,' office, until he had had timne tio c.,"_ sider it in all its bearings, and cult make such alterations in it as were like!y to be permanently beneficial, but he asks no mire time. He is lrepiared to give up the 20 per cent. duties. against which the outcry is every day becoming stronger in all parts of the colony. and to remit the duties on all goods emplolyed in the mant ufacture of other f.oods in the colony-which must be a large and very tmpottant class. To the latter, none, we presume, will object, whatever may be the case with regard to the ft rmer. But the remission ,of these duties will create a very large deficiency in the customs revenue, and this ýirJanmes pro!,osesto make up by a property tax and a stamp :U:'L. W:ut fitun the latter of these is to assumne. Sir Jams does not oeplain, but .the former, althe uh calh d a property tax, is to resolve ;t-elf into a land tax, n,,t. very dissim lar from that" of the cessiori before last-5 p,-r cent. ont all land above a c, rtain line up to £200 value, and 7- per cent. on all land of the annual value of more thau £200. On houses, or oither buildings, he does not intend to impose any tax-not surely: because they do not form a very-import ant item in the fixed properlty of the country, but, we presumte, on the grounds of expediency-in other words, under a belief that he would not be able to carry it, For the Eanie reason, lie also gives up the income tax of the session before last, although declaring his belief in the soundness f nsuch a tax to be as great as ever. -In this b:ie a im mary, we have omitted nothing, we think, in the-grand outline of'Sir ,Jattis's financial scheme, audit is sim plicity itself. He does not come down: upon us with any surprises. He fa'ys. to the landh,olders, large and sniall--' if you want a remission of custori!s' duties, you niufst submit to a land tax"-and the manjority are, we believe, fully .prepared for this. Why sonic, however, shoild be taxed 5 per cnt. and some 7s 1lr ccent., SIr .l.-mes does not make ?;lear, anid our belief is, that he will ntot; be able to carry any land tax bill in that frm. That is no new view of.ours, but oute we have ever held:in the di-cussion of this question. On the whole, however, we look upon Sir James's scheme, so far as vet nro p'.unded, with an)thing but disfavor a tid we believe that he will carry all.the Eilnsible, respectahbe, and itnderate Sor ion of. the community alon withll, hint in it. For extrnlts, tlhe day l.azi loung since gone by. WHETHEBR Mr. Longmore's lectrii ,; Saturday evening last was inti iided i, " a preliminary ncanter" for tlhe dlciil.i. or wa simpnly delivered, as he assei't, with the view of showing ithe elector i-i. bentefits of protection to Victoria, it w;h nit a success. lt .was tI;either lIstcn :i to with any enthusiasm, during its delivery, nor has thle very full relort w.. gave of it, evoked, so far as can in,,. gathered, the smallest syipathty with his views out of doors. On the contrary, Mr. Longmore's own frieidds regard it as a mistake, and thitnk the less saidof it the hetter. Under such circumstances, we should like to, pass it over, if we could with aSi. deceicy. But there is /nothing more bitter than c,,ntem!tuwus silence,~ and Mr. Longmore shall not receive any 'usel treatment at our hands. We ind, indeed, the greatest difficulty in selecting any of the topics he dwelt upon in his I ,cture for anituaidiersion, owing to their tri ,tness, and to the fact of mst of them having be en answered over and over again. H,,w, for instance, could we deal with what hle said about worki'ng~'up th raw matrial of a country, instead of send ng it away in an unnmaaufactured state, extept either by laughing at it, as our respected.orrespondents,'Tot as aad BitAscas," have done, or by pointing out the absurdityof carrying it beyond rca suuabie limits. Not to go furtherl, wha? would be said of as, if, in ouear ragefor making this a mnoanufacturing .eoaty, without which Mr. Longmore mfe it can aew he proepqjos,w wumto tuo . i*e'Wriwxl into\ tweds aud blanketa, I a??lbahi and flannels, and all our fat 1t 1mndles ? It would be said that we W fere'a ad, it it did not, indeed, by draw mg people away from pastoral -pursuits, leave us without either wool or fat for anly such purposes. Once abandoni the rand fundamental principle (if political economy - once ieive thie plain and beaten track by which nations, not cursed with too many sham philosophers, have risen to wealth-and there is no saying into what absurdities we shall not be led. Instead of insisting on a country using up all its wool and fat as -the best way of becoming pros perous, on the raw material manufactur ing principle, as Mr. Longmore urges, we should insist on its devoting itself to what it can produce better and cheaper than others, and for which it can get .what. it much needs in exchange, but which it cannot for climatic and other causes by any means produce. Mr. Loingmore might as well urge us to con veit all the timber in our forests into chairs, and tables, and railway sleepers, except what was required as fitewood to keep our woollen mills and candle manu factories a-going, with the view of find ing employment for the people, as urge us to turn all our wool and fat into tweeds and blankets, into shawls-and .lannls, with the sae sa object in view. -or if he did so, and succeeded in his Satempt, in what rtspects shuld we arrive at a different result, so far. as finding -iiiplrjlymuent for the people was con cerned ? Not, we suspect, in any very uaiked or appreciable ones. It would pay nearly as well as using up all our wuul and fat, if as skilfully managed. At aiy rate it would be proceeding in tie same principle. Mr. Longmore fortified himself in his lecture with the latest reports of all the woollen mills in the colony, as also with at.o.unts of what the candle manufac tories are doing, and what did his excerpts from these amount to ? He laid great stress on the employment these tstablishmewnts afforded to the people, and on the wages the employees received. He lumped together the whole of the "Geelong iills, at which 500 hands are employed, on weekly wages amounting to " nearly" £500, and lie spoke of this as affording a great contrast to the wages paid by others. But where, we should jk. to know, would lie get the same number of hands so miserably paid in ;tj olthterpart of the coiony--Ballarat excepied, where poor factory girls aire kept iorking to all hours of tie night even supposing some of the 500 to be *,r.men and boys? It is not half ilntsrr's wages in this part of the > r utlirv. Nor is this all. \Whre do tiie pri'pri-tors of these estabiishments ti. (lilt: inIi-y froin to pay these miser ;uoie wi-,es ? A great part of it must come out of the pockets of the people, in the hiapr if a lu per cent. duty on piece goodls, iir, after ali their cutting and .arving, they have never been able to declare a dividend of more thain 8 per ce.nt. Take away ihe 10 per cent. dutty, and where would these establishments be tiin ? Their r,,t enellss, as commercial speculations, would at once be made apparent. In the same way, the candle mann lacturers are living upon the public. they are charging 2d per lb. more for a coluntally manufactured article, than we should have to give for imported ones of superior quality, owing to the. duty of2d per lb, and they are building palatial establi.hhments out of these two-pences in the loound wrung out of the pockelt of the peplie on every pound of candles they buy. When pleading for Messrs. Kitclener and Sons, and for the Apollo Candle Company, Mr. Lougmore ap peared to us more like the paid agent of those firms, than as a protectionist lecturer. There was, indeed, very little abont protection under its most serious :aspects in his lecture, and we could not help thinking, as he was going along, that he was doing all he could to keep off dangerously debatableground. What he said about protecti,.nist Amerca beat ing free trade England out of tilemarkets of the world, we shall take another oppor tunity of animad\erting upon. It was so transparent a- sham, however, as hardly to require noticing. Everybody must have seen through it. NEMESIS is ve'ry busy with the re puitiion of ihe leader of the "stone wail" faction, and seems determined to avenge herself upon him. Mr. Berry's assault on the Speaker and Chairman of Committees was immediately followed by Mr. G. P. Smith's exposure of the way in which that gentleman attem.t d to ride into office on the back ot Sir James M'Cullioch, to which no reply has beer. attempted. And now Mr. Levien conies forward with the following state ment as to the way in which Mr. Berry sought to maintain his position, when lihe once got into office, which will, we dare -say, be similarly dealt with. - When the want of confidence debate in the Berry Ministry was proceetding, says Mr. Levien, '"I went to the Chief Secre tary, Mr. Berry, on the Treasury bench, • and said to him, ' John Tihomas Sniith's vote- is wavering ; you had better see hini.' ' Go to him, Levien,' said the ex Chief Secretary, 'promise him on lmy tlihalf that he shall have any gift iie asks, which it is in my power to be satw; any appointment the Goverinment "iiave to give shall be at his disposal, uii'L-we must have his votet.' " Mr. L v:en declined to lie mmate a part.v to th:s uisigrace'ul proposal, and, although ito-onld'-i, ungenerous to s-uspect that Mr. Ikrry got sm:ni one else to convey lurtaunssale, iMr. $mitb aplpears to have voltd as the leader (if the "stonewall" factitn wished. But the voting las little or nothing t( do with tie tempt ing, offer, the scandalous proposal, the c.irrujpt p,rnlise. If Mr. Berry did what Mr. Levien alleges-aud we see ,.n rjiiason. to doubt it-he is no longer worthy of a seat l1i Pariiiaienrt, and hi.s late. constituents should show him that thai is their opinion. We might even go further, and state that none of those allied to 1hin are deserving. of seats in Parliauent, and should be told so by their constituents--uot excepting Mr. Longuiure. who has been drawing one £300 a year from the public treasury, and another £300, or even more, from the Sydney Coal Company. They are a corrupt lot-corrupt in a far different sense to that in which Mr. Berry n.w tells us he intended to charge the Speaker, and the Chairman of Committees, with being corrupt, f< r which he will yet have to lay-and their corruption has been sheeted :liome io them in this one case, unless they are in a position to show that Mr. Levien bha spoken. falsely, which is not at all liki!.'" For the- prsumptiot is, that Mlr. Berry did not make this outrageous offer to Mr. J,-hn Tl.(mas *mitli, without the conmivance and consvnt of his colleagues, and that there is not one of them, who would not have made a similar offer, within the limits of their patronage, if they had seen the slightest chance either of bent fiting thrmselvyes or their party by it. Mr. Berry cannot complain of Mr. l.evien having been the first to fling the Stone in this case, the latter having been most vilely per secuted on account of his refusal to join the "stonewall" party. Against every temptation to thi Ai r. Levien has stood out stoutly, and Mr. Berry has found in him a very different customer to the Speaker-one, in fact, whose is likely to hbe as troublesome to him as the Chairman of Committees. War is at length declared, and we now look for more stiring news than ever from the East. The news by the Tanjore has all been anti cipated by telegram, and possesses, there fore, no interest ercept in some of its minute details, for which we shall endeavor to find room hereafter. She arrived at Adelaide on Wednesday, was off the Otway early last evening, and was expec ted in liobson's Bay this morning. Mr. Jones and Mr. Bayles are now busily employed in paying their respects to their constituents in Villiers and Heytesbury, and are addressing them on the great questions of the day. Tuey are everywhere well received, and their return is certain. A list of the places at which they address electors,with the dates, will be found in our advertising columns. The inquest on the body of the late Mir. William Andrews, who was accidentally killed by the limb of a tree failing on him at Cobrico on Monday last, was held before the district coroner, Dr. W. T. Sweetman and a jury of 12 atthe deceased's residenceonWed nesday afternoonlast. The only evidence taken vas that of two sons of the deceased, and cf Wr. M'Quain who was the first to render assistance after the accident. The facts given in our last issue were corroborated by the witnesses with the exception that the whole of the tree did not fall on the de ceased, but only a limb which completely smashed his skull in. The jury returned a verdict of accidental death. The funeral of tho deceased took place on Thursday. As was expected the attendance of the friends and relatives of the deceased was very large. The Rev. Mr. Hutchinson of ficiated at the grave, deceased being buried in the Camperdown cemetry. Accordiun to MJr. Daskein, meteorologica regist, ar, we have had a reinfallof two inche, and a half inCamperdown during the last fen days. This was ve y welc,nne, and it has saturated the earth greatly, but not t,, such an extent as mist hive bes expetced We saw ground turned over yesterday, f or instance, and fonult that the rain had not goe in a spade deep. However, we shall have ms)re shortly, a td until the i, we shall have all that we require. At present the weather in C.unpard,wv ,, is perfey .i :yii; it ful, sun-shiny, cloudless, and warm. The feeling in fav ir of Mr. U. G. Morton for Ripon and Hampdleu, is decidedly hardening in th:s part of the electorate, and he will give Mr. Loagmnre enough to do to hold his own. We do not expect Mr. ,Mor ton, indeed, to have any large maj:.rity in this district, but with three hundred of a majority in the north, Mr. L)ngmore, will we hope be left novhe'e on the dls" of elec . tin. Mr. Longmore is fast losing former supporters in this neighborhood, the general feeling being that be has been a worthless representative, and worse than worthless. The one fact, patent to all, and which none can get over, is, that he neitherhas, nor can be of any use, in furthering our local in terests. He is far too violent, and far too much taken up with his own affairs, to en able him to be so. Mr. J. H. CJnnor is holding a succession of meeting in the neighboring electorate o Polwarth and South Grenville district, and is very confident of success. There is not, we understand, the ghost of a chance for, either of the other candidates. We are very glad to see that -Mr. Shaw has made such a good impression inGeelong. andl that he is making so much he. d ray in his canvass of th it district. For a niin new o political life, to Beard tilhe lieuon in his den, The Douglass of his hbll bespeaks no small amount of courage, and MIr. Shaw is not, as all who knew him can testify, wanting indiscretion or prudence He has evidtntly made a large number of friends in Geelong, and if they work for him, we confidently expect to see him among the number of successful candidates. If he can only put out one of the late " stonewall members, his object in coming forward will be accomplished. The cricket umatch which was to have been played on Saturday between the second elevens of the Camperdown and Terang clubs, ha fallen through, owing to the latter being again unable to raise a team Cunsequently, tihe match between the firs and second elevens of the local club, post poued from last Saturday, will take place, and this game will probably wind up the the season in C?omerlowu. A meeting of the Lismore Athletic 8ports Committee, is alivertisel to take place in the schoil room, Lisniore, oi Satur day 28thinst., at 4 o'clock p.m. Mr. William Scott advertis?s & eiI of prime fat cat.tle, to take lIlace at his-yards, Manifold street. tt-morrow, the 28th inst. Messrs. Hepb'rn, Leonarnd ad Rtgg Ijil hold their next sale at Tera vg on \Wednes.: day, at 1 o'clock, May 2nd. Persq!!s de sirous of offering stock are requested to communicate with Mr. M'Quain, uf the Com. mercial Hotel, Messrs. Brown and Gillesl;ie Ti our columns to-da y, e?jecthfl y invite izspe: tion of their Jar.:e srtick of Autumn and Winter goods, whieh thby hauve just secured and are now peniinu. A in eeting of the Cou.mittee of the' Cam. perdoHn Branch oh the lite 'ITrade Legue was held at the Lenra H,,tel yesterday after. noon,to take into c,,sideration a conuinuits-. tion fiLm the S cletary of the Central Com then added to the commnittte. There w as no other business done. ., Theatteationof the Minister of Educ ttion having been drawn to the fact if election meeting having in severat instancer been held in State school-rooms, an intlmatiou has been forwarded to the boards of adlvice that the use of State school buildings for such pur poses can only be allowed in thinly- populated places, where there is no other Luilding available. Sub.section 1 of section 15 'of the Education Act empowers the 'oards of advice to grant the use of school buildings for other than school purphees after school hours " with the consent of the Minister;" In the instances to which attention has been daawn the conseut of the Minister has not been asked, and as the use of school bli~hiing for party purposes is clearly o;iposed to the' spirit of the Education Act, it is considered desirable that the practice should bedii. uatinated The issue of new licenses, to the following persons, has been approved of, for the ? undermentioned. Thomas Constable, 10a. Tandarook; W. Drayton, 20a., Garvoc; H. Drayton, 20a. Garvoc; Jas. Hornby, 10a. Tandarook; C. O'Keefe, 20a. Irrewillippe; W. Pilkington, 10a. Tandarook; S. Stone 16a. Or. 10p., Lismore. The transfer of W. W. Green Esq.,. as clerk of courts at Colac to Steiglitz, is notitied in Friday's Gazette. Dr. W. T. Sweetaman has been appointed a member of the School Board of the Central Riding of the Shire of Mortlake, No. 198. Andrew Geddes has been appointed Deputy Registrar of births and deaths, at Woorndoo, vice G. Nalder, resigned. The Gazette notifies the appointment of Constable John Sinnot as keeper of the gaol at Camperdown, R. Swale, transferred. Mr. Tupper, the farmer's candidate for Manduranug, does not appear to be so enamoured with protection as Mr. Long. more, our " stonewall" candidate, is. Mr Tapper says :--"The farmer is the 'heaviest taxed man in the community,' and that the duties which press upon him ought to be immnediately removed. As an agriculturist, he stated the cost of a threshing machine to be f600, besides a duty equal to £150, and when this was added, the cost of the machine to the farmer was 1750. 31r. Tupper's calculation is that in the course of the year the farmers paid in taxes £412;000 or together with the duties on machinery, a sum equal to L450,000, thus showing that they contributed more as a class than any other portion of the community. They were taxed, he said 'for everything which they eat, drink, or wear,' and the only re tarn they obtained from protection was a duty of 7d per bushel on wheat, and this was even unavailable for them at present, because the production in the colony was equal to the requirements of the market." All persons appointed deputy returning officers or roll clerks at the forthcoming general election should remember that iu they accept either of those positions out of the districts in which they reside, they lose the opportunity of exercising their vote. About 18 months ago the house of a noto rious gambler in New York, nauied Matthias Dancer, was broken into and robbed of 4J,v odo.., i bonus, anudthein etorywhich tae poisce ten took of the remaining pro perty first called public atteitiou to Dincer's great wealth. boon afterwards he died, and nls widow survived him only six months, and only daughiter inheriting the whole of her fatiher's fortune. She is just de.ld also, and after disposingof 1S5,00udol. to relatives and friends, has vequeacned 335,000dol to 31 re.lg.ous and benevolent associations. Tue New Loik tible cociet) receives 10, 000; tue fuieign 3lssuons of the reformed Church, 10, vUu; the \ew ourk Tract oociety. 20,000; the anuday School ULuiou, Puiladelpila, 1J, 00); t0 e .Amer'e.ta d.otelScte?y, '2J,JJJ; tue Seveith-i-treet Methodist Episcopa; Courcu, 5,UUJ; the MethudiLt '.piscopai uiinday bcuLoi t:mon, 20,UO0 idollars. Mr Berry has not yet heard the last of his charg: of corruption aeallst the Unair nm.u ot Cummittees, as will be seen by the f,,louwing irnni the Arpus on Friday last : Tue action bruuoht ty Mr. Bl u. Davies agaihtsi sr. Uraham Berry has advanced a sage. Uu \Vedunesday tne pialutitf served apo'i the deteudant's attorney the declar" liOil see?tili3 out the cause of action. 'nt. ?dectraratlult alleges that the plaintiffuccule, the p siLou oi enairnian of comuittee. 1i. aun Ih,r ite Legtsla?tve Assemnbly, and utnt: tLe oe.enuctt o.,ke Oi him in relation to tis sald olce the \itrtis following:-" .c (ullaning tnureby a certain tarty dt.owi a Lne atulewali pu'tti) Could nit have beni deitated, it there hau not been the corrutl Sca.ýer and toe corrupt lh.larmau of Cow uiittees,hackiiig up tue 3lini-try, and giving decialnus contrtry to all P.,lhamlienary law and ail Par.lamcintry practice, and what is nmore, contrary to ile we.l-tii-lwn fa.?s tuat were staring thein t Lite face at. the tie,' thereby insinu.ting that heiia,d been br.bed , r corlupted or unuty lnlutiuenced by the .ait hMin~ try lilto givmig idecisic.os cntrary to ahl i'arhamentary law and practice, aitd into giVnUg wiIlutnly wrong or erroneous decisions, herheiy rite ylaintift has been niue injatred in his credit and irputaiiou a:.d p),sitIa a. stch chahman f co emuittees as aioresaid, and the plainff claims £5,000." The next step will be the defendaunts p ea to this d-. claration. The trial cannot take place bet. fore the 20th May. Tie Wiinlmera Stlar says: - l' is our pa'nful duty to report that theie is a very great deal of sickness in Horsham at present. During the last week three cases of sea:let fever were reported, anti the patients, two- females aund one male, were inmmediately removed to the Fever Hlsprtld, i here they are progress iug as favorably as can be expece..d. 'Typhoid fever in a very m:aligaut formii is prevaleiit in the town. beveral patients have been ad-' mitted to the Hospital, and rome tlters are under tre:atment privately. One chief cause of this o;utleak is the use of impure water, and ',ur local heal.dth ofizer reoits that it is absolutely inecessary to filter all water oh. t:aiiie from the river befre uitsi it for drinking ptirioses. Ti'le .Coiu-g correspondeut of the Ale writes in T'riday last:--" 3Mr. Thonmas, otherusise .kninen as ' The Vagabiund,' of a Co:hns Street newspaper, and who has written certain articles oni the Pentridge Stockade, to-day visited that~ gaol in com pany with some female friends. The otfl'eals were evidently unuder the impression th.lt a critic was visiting the establishment with tie views of refreshing his memory, but little expected that the sageman, who, after a month's experience ih the 'lepartmeut, mlst have been fully aware of the regulations, would incur the risk of being confined in the local lock-up for a breach of the act. On going through the C division, Mr. 'l homas was detected in the act of passing a fig of tobacco to onie of the prisoners. Warder Angus, who, perhaps, mecognised an '1: ac quaintance, was not niapping, and he its. mediately reported the matter to the othiler of the divrision, anud the visitor found en ap plying at the gate for exit thit he was de tained pending instrnctious. The Act n, Inspector-Gieneral, M\r. Call, happened to be oil the sta.ion at the tite, and. strange as it may appear, ant order was at once sent to allow Mr. Thlmas to pas out. Th'I'e officials s'id nothing of cu se, but oleed. Hitiherto persons intr, dueig prohiibitei articles to prs ,ners have been hauded over at oLce to the police. It is rumarned, ho;r ever, thui' proceedings 'ill. be taken a ain t Mr. Thomas. It may be mentiined that the man trmed Nolan paid £10 into the ctaet on Wedunesday, at Brunswick, f r hi, Mon's folly in attempting to plant tbaeci, ,,n the wirks, a lss grave otffeuce than haud. lag iu to Irisoners confined in the interior ofi the establisihment" A ,mall bottle of Guinness's porter. says a, lrisi, j: ul;d, can be purchased anywhuhe, for twipn e. That is the retail ir I e, 1nd the profit to the manuf eturer mnst be in iMi te's inal. Y, t r:indnrps n ake the rivir, nnd the c an of IroLt realised hy Mlesrs. I uin. nless is:mpiy :.mzing. Sir I c lija'in ntr le-s paidi a, ine ne tax on £59. ( 0a iva-. It is stated i, towi that the rrofits ri ali-, d by .les rs. Cuiniuess's br wery amoint u t te m~anificent thi ure of £t0003, 000 ier :n no, an.- te partiershipl hafs heen i isI,-eth' upo tie t r,,s that Sir Arthur is tm r:,: , ti 000 t.Ot, or twenty years pur-lhasi f E. Cecil Guinness. who hrcoines tJe ,.e owrier of the brewery, offered to draw a checlue f r one milion ponuds, hi's brotl er'., share of the concern. ? have been a :ct s tomed tothinkachstqu fo, £40,000)or 50.0O0 a wonderfuil document, and to, l'o uip up the drawer with curiosity and astonishou nt,; but we are utterly lost in wluduler at the idea of a fellow c;tizen tffrin, oto d -aw a clihqie and pay down the c!?in to the tune of a cool mill or'. I can imagine the amnazement of the bank cashier to wh, n the cheque would he presented, and the blank consti nation of the manager at the sudden demand; and his prbai.le inability to meet it ithoat reais ig securities. The population of this coun try is 32, 000,000. and I du?'t if 20 ildivi. duals out of that uumber c, ould draw a cheq te fora like sam with the certainty of its being honoured. 'l'he citizens of Dublin ought to be p.oad that they possess in then midst a business of such gig; ntic p opoitions. There are not, I sh ,ud say, more than half a d(olen such private concerns-I was going 1o say in tke United Kinguom- but on second thought, iU_ say the world. 