'llE I'VESLEYAN~I OCiUROII. The anniversary of the Wesleyan Church at: Stratford' was?lield, according to usual custom,. o:n Good "Fridiay list. The services in connection with the church were held by the Rev. W. Williams on Sunday,'25th ult;,;and were attended by crowded'congregatiolis. 'At'the tea meet ing various prominent ladies in connection with the'church presided at the tables, to ivhich'two.hundred and fifti persons sat down; the building being too small to accommodate the number at once, the seats w?brde.filled 'neaarly.;three? times. At: the public meeting afterwards, Win. Little, 'sq.; J.P.; took tlheschairi and, eipressed his gratification at the crowded attendance, which he said wastthlilargest',of any kind which le had ?ver~seen at Stratford. The Rev. MIr IsIgenauer spoke in his usual hippy style'and l roved himisel f' ceptable as ever to hii udi?tibce . CM A:Bbiliy, who has'lately, returned from Europe, in troduced' into i'sp'ech 'variiiious interest ing accounts of what he had observed in England and Scotland, and the Rev. J. Roberts followed in an able and outspoken speeclh. , The, Chairman then ,presented the Rev.',r Williuhis, holi is 'iow re moved to Bairnsdale, a plated tea and coffee service, remarking -that.he lihad nb doubt it would be as much a surprise to 'the gret miajoor th iere present n's'to thim reciplient himsel ,'as'it wvas?the gift 'of a few personal friends of Mr Williams, who are unwilling, to -let:'himn go from Sale' withobt 'so?mie' slight' token of their per sonal esteem.- Mr A-Williams, in dacknow. ladgi'ng:l the present, ;splikehighly:of tlhe succssful effort made to free the circuit froni debt. ' The 'iroof dof thib lay in the fact that all working expenses had been paid ,whioh were. incurred for.tlle' period, three years, of,his ministryamongst them; they had dispensed :with,the grant in aid forimerly receied, and' hiad cleared 'off a deti'~t f ,3 ·0/ The' ie'ceipi~t froit Sep= tember, 1875,;to the same' month in 1876, when the financial year closed,nwas £660. He coc'hblilld by' saying 'that he left with feelings of respecta nd friendship to all. The Sunday school children gave excel ,lent'specimnes of siuging, during the pro. ceedings of tlieveening, which' were closed with the usual votes of thanks to the ladies and cliiaiian.. On Sunday, ei~ening the Rev.-W' .Wil 'liaihs; iiniistei of the Wesleyan' Churchin Sale, preached his farewell sermon prior to his departure for .Bnirnsdale,.to -which' pluace the, rev. gentleman has' been. op. pointedd. k 'he chlalel w?s crowded.!-The text choseni by Mr Williainis Was the last verse of the sccound:epistle to the Corin thians-- T'ho: grace (of :the.;Lord Jesus' Christ, and 'the love of, God, and the coinm mnunion'bf 'theb'IHoly Ghost, bo'~f'ith you' all." The rev.;preacher regarded this text" as "containiug "a: statinent: of ithe L'Trinity1 in:Unity' ;aind id' the"'course of a plowerful 'sernmon, "lo'iluetly"ienfdrcid: this esseiitial doctride of the Christian' Chiurch. He h'ad chdsei"'this.teidt, ot'only'iis' ii bracing the whliole scope of his preaching, but:'because it was a benediction with which he might fittingly close his work in':'Sale. " The' sermon "was impressively delivered and was receied :withn marked attention hy'the congregation.; 'Mr WVil. liams leaves:for:Bairnsdale to-morrow. 