The Nobelist. AUNT RHODANTHE'S MISTAKE. BESSIE and Miss Rhodanthe are sitting in the dining-room together. Bessie is doing nothing, unless you consider an occasional sigh employment ; but Miss Rhodanthe is knitting vigorously on a long grey, stocking. Who is Bessie, and who is Miss Rhodanthe ? Very different persons, you may be sure, or this story would never have been written. And yet, when Miss Rhodanthe Woodward was young and fair, as tradition says that she once was, she had not been so very unlike her pretty niece. It is hard to believe it now, as you look from the parchment, and angles of the elder woman to the blushes and dimples of the girl. Yet, if you look closely, you will see that the soft grey eyes of the girl are identical in shape and colour with the cold, steely ones of the elder woman. The features, too, if you trace them line by line, making all due allowance for the shrinkage and hardening of age, are line for line the same. When Aunt Rhodanthe's hair was dark and soft and plentiful, it must have waved in the same little rings and tendrils over the same white forehead. If you doubt still, misled, by the difference of expression, look at this old-fashioned ivory miniature, and you will see Bessie's lovely, mischievous face, with the dimpled smiles around the red mouth, and the touch of pathos in the grey eyes, and the lovely curves of cheek and chin and throat. And forty years ago that was Aunt Rhodanthe, and to-day Aunt Rhodanthe is a grim-faced, grey-haired, elderly woman, with nothing bright, nor fair, nor winsome about her. Ehou, fugaces ! Now and then Aunt Rhodanthe casts sharp, inquisitive glances at the listless figure opposite to her. Once or twice she opens her lips as if to speak, but snaps them together suddenly again, and the words remain unuttered. "Bessie," she says at last ; and Bessie looks up with a start. "Wake up, Bessie, child," says Aunt Rhodanthe, briskly, and tell me what ails you." A faint flush creeps over Bessie's face as she replies— "Nothing ails me, Aunt Rhodanthe. What do you mean ?" Aunt Rhodanthe frowns and clicks her needles savagely for a moment. Then she speaks again : " 'Nothing' doesn't make a girl's cheeks pale nor her eyes hollow, Miss Bessie. 'Nothing' doesn't make her sigh when she thinks nobody hears her, nor set her lips in a defiant fashion if a body asks her a civil question. You might as well tell me all about it, for I shall find out if you don't." "There's nothing to find out. Aunt Rho- danthe," Bessie says, a little drearily. "I've had rather a hard winter, that's all. I've been teaching, you know, since papa lost his money last fall, and I'm not used to it. I suppose I am a little run down." "Ralph Dormer has nothing to do with it, I suppose ?" says Aunt Rhodanthe, peering suspiciously over her spectacles. "The girls tell me that you have not seen him since your father's failure." Bessie flushes a deep scarlet now, and her eyes flash. "Aunt Rhodanthe, what do you mean ?" she exclaims. "Dr. Dormer was nothing, to me, that I should care whether he comes or not. You have no right to think nor say such things." Aunt Rhodanthe watches her grimly for a moment. Then her lips relax into a smile, and she nods her head sagely two or three times. "That's right, my girl. I liko your spirit. Take it that way, cover it up and tell nobody, and you'll outlive it yet. Ralph Dormer comes of a bad stock— a bad stock. I never liked him, never. Your mother was crazy to let it go so far." "But, Aunt Rhodanthe," expostulates Bessie, breathlessly, mamma didn't let it go : there was nothing to go. And as for 'covering up,' why, Aunt Rhodanthe, what makes you say such things ? Nobody ever said such things to me before." "Time they did," says Aunt Rhodanthe, gravely. "See you peak, and pine and dwindle and dwine, and never say a word to shake you back into health ! Iron and quinine ; that's what you want, mental and physical. No sugar coating nor gelatine covering— the bitterer the better. That's what you want, and that's what you'll get, for I'm going to take you home with me to- morrow, Bessie, so you might as well go and pack up." Home with Aunt Rhodanthe to the old homestead where her father was born, but which Bessie has never seen ? Well, it might have been worse, she thinks. Better ? Ah, yes ! it might have been better once, but never, now. It might have been better if Ralph had not failed in his appointment that one night— the very night that Bessie knew first that her father was ruined. It might have been better if she had not written that short little savage note, breaking off the engagement utterly and for ever, making no explanation, only enclosing the ring which he had given her only two weeks before, and setting him free from his plighted word. Why had she done it ? She has wondered herself sometimes ; she wonders vaguely now, as she folds her dresses mechanically and lays them in the trunk, smoothing out the wrinkles carefully as she used to do when her heart was in her wardrobe. She can hardly recall the events and feelings of that evening. First her father had come home to dinner, looking sad and grave, and had called her mother out for a private conference. Then mamma had come among them again, with tears in her eyes, and had told them of the sudden failure of the bank, by which nearly all of papa's property was lost. They had all been very quiet under the news, had kissed mamma and cried a little quietly ; and been very tender and loving to papa and to each other, and that was all. They had talked about what they should do, and somebody had said, "Bessie is all right, anyhow. Of course she and Ralph will be married at once now. I don't suppose he is the kind to back out for this. Eh, Beasie ?" It must have been Fred, brother Fred, who said that. Such an idea would not have entered the mind of one of the girls, or, if it had, they would have had too much sense to utter it. But, of course, Fred had blurted it out in his hap-hazard way, and the ideal had entered poor little Bessie's mind and stuck there and rankled. And then when Ralphi, whom she had, confidently expected that evening, did not come, and when the next day had nearly passed without bringing him, why, of course, Fred's foolish words came back to her. And then—Bessie could not tell now why she did it, could not realise the storm of excitement and passion in which she had decided that Ralph was false and cruel, like the rest of the world— she determined that he should not be the first to break the bonds which had become irksome to him, nor should he be bound against his will. So she had scribbled a few cold, bitter words, and sent them off upon the spur of the moment. Had she repented since ? Why, what had she done but repent, even when his reply came, as cold and as bitter as her note accepting his freedom and congratulating her on her timely release ? They had hurt her bitterly those curt, cruel sentences, for away down at the bottom of her heart, under all the excitement and anger and suspicion, there had been a warm little nest of faith and love. She had not believed— not really believed—that Ralph would take her at her word ; but he had done it, and— "Bessie ! Bessie, child !" calls Aunt Rhodanthe, "will your packing, never be done ? Don't stop to dream over it. Dreams never did any good yet. Take the world as it is, child, and you will soon find that there is no room in it for dreams." The sun is just setting as Bessie and Aunt Rhodanthe drive up to the low rambling house, with its cream-white walls thickly mantled with vines. The sky is all one flush of purest rose, and the distant hills stand out hard and black against the glow. Down from their tops sweeps the fresh mountain wind, and Bessie's eyes grow brighter already as she inhales it. "How lovely it is here, Aunt Rho- danthe !" the girl says, as she looks around her. "And you have lived here all your life ?" "All my life," replies Aunt Rhodanthe ; "and that is a long time, Miss Bessie. The rocks and the hills are the same that they were when I was as young and bright as you— but the rest—" And Aunt Rhodanthe stands still for a moment, and gazes over the wide, fair landscape steeped in the tremulous golden light, and a shade of what is almost sadness steals over her hard features ; while Bessie watches her wonderingly. It is only for an instant, though, and then she turns again to Bessie." "See, Bessie," she says, pointing away to where a thin thread of smoke curls up through the trees. ''It is there that Dr. White lives. He was an old friend of Ralph Dormer's father. He too, you know, was Dr. Ralph Dormer ; and it, was there, that I met him first. A bad stock, Bessie —a bad stock ; and Ralph Dormer is his father over again." "Did you know him, Aunt Rhodanthe ?" Bessie asks, wonderingly. "Know, him !" says Aunt Rhodanthe, as she turns away. "For six months Ralph Dormer and I met every day. The road between the houses was well travelled then. And for forty years I have not seen his face nor heard his name, until I heard it in your house. The path through the woods, between the houses has grown up long ago, but the path between our hearts was grown up before that.'' Aunt Rhodanthe says no more, and Bessie follows her silently into the house. At breakfast the next morning Aunt Rhodanthe begins her threatened course of iron and quinine. "What do you intend to do with your- self to-day, Bessie ?" she asks. The girl looks out of the window. "I don't know," she says. "The days are so long now that it is hard to fill them all up." She means the literal day, the long bright days of July ; but Aunt Rhodanthe suspects a hidden meaning and snaps her up. " 'The days are so long now !' and since when are they so long, pray ? since Ralph Dormer proved himself a villain, like his father before him ?" "Aunt Bhodanthe, what do you mean ?" Bessie says, desperately. "Why do you keep harping on Ralph Dormer ? And what did his father do, that it should be brought up against Ralph Dormer now ?" Miss Rhodanthe hums a little tune and drums thoughtfully upon the table for a moment before she speaks. Then she says, "Never mind now, Bessie. Perhaps I'll tell you some time, and perhaps not. It is more to the purpose now to fill up your day for you. Do you sing and play ? Do you sketch ?" "Yes, Aunt, Rhodanthe," Bessie says, meekly ; "but just remember that I have been daily governess all winter, and I am so sick of the things that I have been trying to grind into stupid children. Do let me have a rest from them." "Bessie Woodward," Miss Rhodanthe says, sternly, "is there, one individual thing in which you take an interest— a real vital interest, I mean— enough to make you for- get yourself and everybody else for a while ? Not one ? I might have known it. Who expects a modern young lady to take a vital interest in anything but her dress and her flirtations ? Well, as you have no interests, duties may do as well, and we must find them for you." Miss Rhodanthe says no more at the time, but leaves Bessie to idle away the day as she will. Miss Rhodanthe does not idle away her days, as Bessie well knows. Indolence Miss Rhodanthe holds to be the parent of all vices arid follies. To be happy, be busy, is Miss Rhodanthe's motto, and well does she carry it out. It tires Bessie to watch her at first, as, in her high boots and broad hat, she tramps about the farm directing, overseeing, scolding, en- couraging, as the case may require. No wonder, thinks Bessie, that her farm is the most productive, her house the best ordered, her maids and workmen the most indus- trious, in the neighbourhood. No wonder that Miss Rhodanthe's eye has grown keen and her tongue sharp in the course of sixty years, if, all of them have been like this. And yet there is a soft spot in her heart, too, Bessie concludes, when she finds that all of Aunt Rhodanthe's tramps have not business for their sole object. Charity has its place, in her scheme of life, and her face is well known in all the houses of the poor in her vicinity. Gradually Bessie grows ashamed of her idle, purposeless life in contrast with Miss Rhodanthe's per- petual energy, and it is not long before she has begun to accompany her aunt in her charitable expeditions. At first she is actuated only by a sense of duty, but soon she begins to take an interest in Aunt Rhodanthe's pensioners for their own sakes, and by degrees she slips into the position of sole messenger and almoner. Miss Rho- danthe says nothing, but, if we can judge from her looks, she is satisfied that the moral iron and quinine have been found. Bessie has her favourites among Miss Rhodanthe's pensioners, and her visits to the little brown cottage tenanted by rheumatic old Hannah Lowe and her rosy, toddling grandchild are perhaps longer and more frequent than to the others. She has stayed later than usual, in the cottage on this special evening. The child is sick, and the doctor, for whom Bessie had sent, has not yet come, and she waits to hear his decision. A step on the broad stone out- side of the door announces his arrival. Why does Bessie start, and why does that bright flush leap up over her face at the sound ? It is not the heavy tread of old Dr. White that she hears ; but what then ? What then ? Why, only that she knows, when she hears the first tones of the new- comer's voice, that neither ear nor heart has played her false. The step was Ralph Dormer's step. and the voice is Ralph Dormer's voice, and Bessie shrinks back into the farthest and darkest corner as he enters. Dr. White is tired, and has sent Ralph, who, it appears, is his guest at present, in his stead. Hannah Lowe looks at him doubtfully. He is too young to inspire her with confidence, though his face wears the air of true professional gravity as he bends over the child, and inquires into its symp- toms. Hannah Lowe appeals to Beasie, who shrinks deeper into her corner with a frightened murmur. The doctor can dis- tinguish only a vague figure in the shadows ; but Bessie sees him dearly— sees the frank blue eyes and the broad white forehead and the brown curling hair which she knows so well ; sees, too, an expression which is new to her, which used not to be upon Ralph Dormer's face— the look of one who has suffered. But what can Ralph Dormer have suffered ? she wonders. He goes at last. The child is not seriously ill— some trifling childish ailment ; and Bessie can leave her corner, and hurry home, through the gathering twilight, with a strange, tight feeling about her heart, and a look in her eyes which leads Aunt Rhodanthe to inquire wonderingly whether she has seen a ghost. No, Bessie has seen no ghost and she does not seriously think it worth while to say that she has seen Ralph Dormer. Two or three days have passed, during which Bessie has not again seen Ralph. Then, one afternoon, as she is returning home she meets, Dr. White. Bessie is a special favourite of the bluff, genial old doctor's, and he turns and walks with her now. Soon he begins to speak of another favourite of his, Ralph Dormer— speaks of him as Bessie herself might have spoken six months before, as Bessie has, oh ! how often, thought of him in her own heart, thought of him in her own heart. A noble, upright, manly young fellow, he calls him —strong as a man and tender as a woman. "I want to introduce him to you some time, Miss Bessie," the good old doctor goes on, "but not just now. The poor fellow is hardly up to ladies' society at present, for he has just had a bitter, bad blow, and it takes all his manhood to live it down. It was a cruel, shameful thing in any woman to throw away such a heart as his, and for such a cause. Bessie gasps. She , cannot articulate, cannot form a question amidst the con- fusion in her mind, and the doctor goes on : "Poor fellow ! he started in life with such bright prospects, and now he is so, cruelly weighted. He had just entered upon the practice of his profession when all the money which his father had left him was lost by the bursting of the— Bank. That was bad enough just when he needed it most to give him a fair start ; but the worst was that the girl he was engaged to jilted him in the most shameful manner. The very day after the failure, he received a note from her releasing him from the engagement, which, 'under the changed circumstances, he could not fail to feel a burden.' The jade might at least have had the decency to wait a week or two ; but no ! she must do it at once, and crush the poor fellow utterly." "Who was she ?" The words sound strangely to Bessie as they fall from her lips ; she hardly knows her own voice ; but the doctor notices nothing. "I don't know. He never would tell me her name. He is tender of her even yet, little as she deserves it." The doctor talks on, but Bessie hears no more. Gradually, out of the whirl in her brain, thoughts emerge and form them- selves clearly. The — Bank ? Why, that was the one in which her father's money was. And so the same blow which had crushed, their fortune had crushed Ralph's hopes too, and she had never known it. That, then, was the reason, why he had not come that evening. And she, base, ungrateful little fool that she is, has thought, that Ralph was a mercenary coward. And he— what has he thought of her all these months ? She remembers the vague terms in which her note was couched, for even then she had not dared to for- mulate her suspicions against him. Yes, it is easy enough to see how the mistake had arisen ; but how can it ever be corrected ? All this time Ralph has been despising her, has been learning to outgrow his love for her, and is it likely that he would despise her less or love her more if he knew the truth ? And while Bessie thinks, the old doctor talks on, unmindful of her abstraction, until they reach the gate, and Bessie awakens from her thoughts in time to hear his last words : "So I asked him to visit me here, with a view to taking him into partnership, for I am getting too old to go flying about the country, like the Wild Huntsman, at the call of every old woman who chooses to get up a midnight panic for the benefit of her family. Perhaps I have been indis- creet in telling you all that I have, Miss Bessie ; but I know I can trust you with Ralph's secret." "Trust her with Ralph's secret !" The words sound like a burlesque to Bessie, but she answers mechanically, and bids the old doctor good-night. Aunt Rhodanthe finds her standing on the porch where the doctor has left her. "What ails you, Bessie ?" she says. "Why don't you come in ?" "Aunt Rhodanthe," exclaims Bessie, suddenly, "I have seen Ralph Dormer." She does not mean to speak the words, is hardly conscious of what she is saying ; but she must go on now ; and the whole story comes out. Aunt Rhodanthe stands in the grey twilight and listens, with a face as cold and grey as the evening sky. "Well ?" she says, when Bessie has finished. Then as the girl, uncertain of her mean- ing, does not reply, she adds, "What are you going to do about it ?" 'Aunt Rhodanthe, what can I do ?" cries the girl, tremulously. "I cannot—oh ! I cannot let Ralph think of me as he has been doing, as he must do ; and yet how can I explain after all this time ? How can I be sure that it will do any good ? Help me, Aunt Rhodanthe ; tell me what to do." The face of the elder woman does not soften at the girl's piteous pleading. "Will you do as I tell you ?" she asks, in a bold, hard voice. "Aunt Rhodanthe, I will do anything, anything, to set right this cruel wrong." Cold and hard fall Miss Rhodanthe's words upon Bessie's ear : "There is no question of setting right, Bessie. I know what Ralph Dormer is, by what his father was before him. It is a nice story, a pretty little fable, which he has invented to clear his own skirts of the charge of falsehood and treachery. 'Blood will tell,' and Ralph Dormer is his father's own son." "Aunt Rhodanthe !" All Bessie's old love and faith blaze up afresh at her aunt's words, and she cries, passionately, "It is not so, Aunt Rhodanthe. You do not know Ralph ; and I—oh ! I am rightly punished for doubting him for an instant. I will not rest under it. I will clear my- self at whatever cost, and then if he despise and spurn me, why, he must." "Listen to me, Bessie," Aunt Rho- danthe says. "I tell you I know what Ralph Dormer is, though I have never seen him. What I tell you now, I have never told to mortal ear before. Long ago I knew Ralph Dormer's father only too well. He was staying with his friend Dr. White, as Ralph is now. The families were intimate, and we met every day, and I thought him as good and true and noble as you think his son. We were lovers, people said, and I suppose I loved him. One has such follies in youth. And then at last he asked me to marry him, asked me by letter, and I— how absurdly happy I was ! I remember now how bright the world looked, and how I sang as I went about my work. Of oourse I answered the letter, believing all that he said, like a fool that I was ; and then—" "And then, aunty ?" repeats Bessie, timidly. " 'And then,' Bessie ?" says Aunt Rho- danthe, sharply. "Why, there was no 'and then.' That was all— absolutely all. Ralph never came, never wrote. The next thing I heard he had left the country, and two years later I heard of his marriage. I was young then, Bessie ; and when people are young, they suffer sharply, but believe me when I tell you that they get over it. Grief does not kill but shame may. And I tell you, Bessie, that sooner than see my niece the laughing-stock of the country, I will turn you out of my house. So long as you stay under my roof, I positively forbid your attempting to communicate with Ralph Dormer in any way, by word of mouth, or message, or letter." And so saying, Aunt Rhodanthe turns away, without waiting for an answer, and leaves Bessie alone in the twilight. The days drag themselves into weeks, and the weeks slip away somehow, and still Ralph and Bessie never meet. Aunt Rhodanthe is doubly kind, to Bessie in these days ; but, if the girl tries to utter a tremulous little appeal for leave to see or write to Ralph, the elder woman's face hardens, and Bessie dares not go on. Neither dares, she disobey Aunt Rhodanthe while she is under her roof, and even if she did, would it be of any use ? That, after all, is the thought that keeps her silent. Were she but sure that Ralph's love for her would come back, yes, then she could brave Aunt Rhodanthe's wrath, but of this, she is not, cannot be sure, and the risk is too terrible. Bessie is in the library one day, turning over the old books. She is often at a loss for occupation now, for she does not dare to go about among her pensioners as she used to do, for fear of meeting Ralph again. The books date from Aunt Rho- danthe's youth, most of them, and she looks at them with a languid amusement. "Clarissa Harlowe," "The Scottish Chiefs," "Children of the Abbey," "Thaddeus of Warsaw"— did people really read such, thrill over their pages, smile and sigh at the pathos and sickly sentimentality— smile and sigh, not in ridicule, as Bessie does now, but in genuine sympathy ? She takes up an old volume bound in time- stained leather, and turns the leaves care- lessly. "Elegant Extracts" is the title lettered on the back, and she laughs a little over the quaintly turned rhymes and obsolete spelling of the old ballads and extracts. Why, what is this ? between the leaves ? An old letter folded in the square, primitive style of the days before envelopes were known, sealed with a pretty device of Cupids and darts— an old letter, which bears in faded ink the name of "Dr. Ralph Dormer" in Aunt Rhodanthe's old-fashioned hand. Dr. Ralph Dormer ; yes, that is the name, and the handwriting is Aunt Rho- danthe's : there is no mistaking its char- acter ; but what should a letter to Ralph Dormer be doing among Aunt Rhodan- the's old books ? Bessie stands with the letter in her hand, pondering. Ralph Dormer ? Why, that was the name of Ralph's father, too, and the letter has never been opened, and— "Now, then, Bessie," says Aunt Rho- danthe, opening the door briskly, "moon- ing again, as usual ? When will you learn, child, that moping and brooding never did any good yet ?" "Aunt Rhodanthe," interrupts Bessie, unheeding her words, will you look at this letter that I have found ?" Miss Rhodanthe takes the letter, from her hand and looks at it, turning it over and over with a vague, uncomprehending expression. Gradually a light breaks upon her mind. The mists of forty years roll away, and she sees herself again a bright, light-hearted girl. The old library is still before her eyes, but instead of Bessie, a curly-headed boy (who is Bessie's father now) crouches over a book, the same which Bessie holds to-day. The boy's eyes brighten and his cheeks flush over the old ballad of "Chevy Chase," and he looks up impatiently at his sister's voice. "What is it, Rhoda ?" he says, and carelessly takes the letter which she hands him. "Take it over at once, Fred," she says. But the boy reads on, and forgets all about the commission before she has left the room. Forty years ago ! And for forty years she has been cherishing rancour and malice and hatred in her heart— for forty years— while the old letter, that never reached her lover, lay quietly between the leaves of the old book ! Ralph had gone to his grave long ago believing her false and heartless and cruel. The wrong can never be set right now ; and oh ! the wasted years and the wasted love and youth and hope ! Not a word says Miss Rhodanthe, as she muses, but Bessie, watching her aunt's face sees two slow tears roll down the withered cheeks. "What is it, Aunt Rhodanthe ?" Bessie asks, timidly. But Aunt Rhodanthe does not answer. She only goes slowly out of the room with the letter still in her hand, and that strange, soft look upon her face which for forty years it has not worn before. So it was only a mistake, after all— a cruel, fatal mistake ; but at last, after all these years, she knows that Ralph Dormer loved her, and that he was not, the villain which she has so often called him. Her world is upset by the knowledge, you see. All that she has held most firmly, her anger, her hatred, her bitterness, are slipping from her grasp. And if Ralph Dormer were not a villain, what of Ralph Dormer's son ? Her premises being overturned, her theory falls to the ground. The mistake of forty years ago can never be set right now ; but the mistake of to-day must, at least, be rectified. And so Aunt Rhodanthe, prompt in all things, writes her letter and despatches it, as she did the other one, to "Dr. Ralph Dormer." This letter, how- ever, does not fail in reaching its desti- nation, for, just as Aunt Rhodanthe is saying to Bessie, "I have written to Ralph Dormer ; and I think that he will be here in the course of the day," a step is heard in the hall—a step which sends the bright blood flushing up to Bessie's forehead. Miss Rhodanthe disappears, and Bessie goes shyly forward to meet Ralph, but finds herself caught up unceremoniously in two strong arms, while a voice whispers, "Can you forgive me, Bessie, for all the hard things I have thought of you, and for all I have made you suffer ?" It is turning the tables with a vengeance, for Bessie has thought that she was the one to ask for forgiveness ; but she accepts the situation with a good grace, understanding that Aunt Rhodanthe's explanation has been ample enough to spare her the pain of confession. "As far as I understand it, neither of you has much cause to pride yourself, on your behaviour in the matter," Aunt Rho- danthe says, afterward. "Here have you both been thinking exactly the same things of each other, and making idiots of your- selves for months, when a dozen words would have set the whole thing straight. There are times in life when 'silence' is anything but 'golden.' I suppose I am hardly the one to reproach you for it, though," says Aunt Rhodanthe, with a half sigh, as she thinks of the forty years which lie behind her. Dr. White is gathered to his fathers now, and his partner, Dr. Dormer, reigns in his stead. Dr. Dormer's wife will never shrivel and fade into the likeness of Aunt Rhodan- the ; for the light of happiness which went out so early for the elder woman, still shines brightly over Bessie Dormer's life, and is softly mellowing her to a ripe and fair maturity. When Bessie is sixty, you will find it even harder than you do now to believe that Bessie, in youth, as far as looks went, was simply Miss Rhodanthe over again. 