THE PEERYSfflGLE L PAPERS. I was talking with old Twobottle the other night. Old Twobottle 1b putting up for our suburb, and, therefore, is spasmodically kind and affable to a carrier. " I am in favour of a tax on everything, said old T., as we took our whiskey, for which he shouted out of his elec tion expenses. " 1 am in favour of a tax all round," says he, ordering another ditto. " I go for shutting the pubs, en Sunday," says he, winking over his Danville ; "mid the teetotal and land-tax racket together £b bound to knock 'em, John. Have another ?n I said I wouldn't, sod domed out, to wonder whether M'Cul- looh is so far wrong after aU. Somebody finds the money for all this water business. The " Outlines of IndustriafScience" is a work which has fallen into my hands — gratuitously — you bet. And I own that it is a masterly work, whatever its principles may be. The man who wrote it knows how to "sling ink," as they say in California. But the argument of the play, ftr, and its deductions, are absurd, as I hope to prove, anon. And it is here, as 1 think that men make a blunder about John Stuart Mill, and the rest of the political dogmatics. As a matter of fact, a man who can write a grammar, speaks the worst FSnglish, and the political re former who can tell his fellows how to achieve the very excellence of political economy, is fare, believe me, to be no more than a theorist As a rule— mi infallible rule — he who succeeds In his own business is the best to represent the of others. Let us have political economists in the Legislature ; let us have those men who have best lined their' own pockets. If there is a thing I dislike talking about it is politics, and I have had such a dose of it lately that I am thinking of turning out the old horse until after the eleotions, and shutting myself up Id the house, with instructions to Dot not to allow anyone to come near me. Such rot some fellows talk is enough to sicken an honest man. 1 was having a quiet pipe a night or two ago, when in oame my neighbour Snip, who has been Worrying me almost to death to join the Reform League. " You had better join, Peerybingle," says he, " before it is too late. Pay your sub scription, and I will have yer name enrolled on the scroll of fame, and then you will come in whacks in the plunder." I did not care about the scroll-of- faxne business, but I was anxious to know abont the plunder, so my political friend proceeded to olose the door to make sure that Dot was not listening — a needless precaution, because the good little woman "wouldn't do H." " Look here, John," he said, " you must keep this dark. As soon as Berry, Woods, Laior, Gaunson, M'Kean, and the rest of the friends of the people get into power, there will be a regular bursting np of everything." Here I he winked most mysteriously, and I. began to led rather uncomfortable. " All the bloated hacistsoracy are doomed ; the squatters, bankers, merchants, and the rest of the vile lot will be burs ted up ; and Mirams will see that everything is divided fair amongst the Leaguers, 90 pay your subscription, John, and have your name enrolled." I told him it was a matter Which required careful consideration, and that before I finally decided I would wait on Mirams, and get further particulars, and wished my . friend good night. I was waited upon the other day by a greasy- looking fellow to know if I would contribute a trifle towards the Age Indemnity fund. The smallest contribution, I was told, would be thankfully received. From the fellow's look I thought he was one of those chaps who go about with begging petitions, but I found I was mistaken— he was the genuine article. Still I respectfully declined, and all the fellow's eloquence about trying to crush the liberty of the Press did not " fetch me." . However, my friend the Leaguer happened to come in, and -he expressed his intention to contribute sixpence. " What name, sir, shall I put down?" says the collector. "Oh, blow the name," replied the Leaguer. " Put down a friend of the oppressed aud an admirer of the liberty of the Press and the flag that's braved a thousand years." The collector seemed to think this was rather too much for sixpence, and gently remonstrated, but the Leaguer was obstinate, aud demanded back his money. He was only pacified when the collector promised to shout a pint of colonial, and I was glad when they left me to adjourn to tiie nearest pub. Bone Johnny, by this time, has had a dash at Holy Russia. Well, I'd take level betting that ho has aoquitted himself manfully, natheless he an infidel. But, my faith 1 infidels have fought bravely . enough in defence of their countries and superstitions, as we know of his tory Mid the Turk is brave from head to foot. The father of the present Emperor of Russia found this out when he tackled Turkey over twenty years ago. Longbefoip England and France put in an interference, the Turk licked the Russian. .When the scarlet-fezzed troops knooked Holy Russia out of time at Giurgevo, old Nicholas (who was a fine fellow, after all) cri®d — " I can understand the defeat at Silistria ; but to be forced, with so great a loss, by a horde of wild, half-naked Turks from posi tions which have been occupied and fortified for a .year ; that these Turks should first sustain an engagement, and then storm the islands fortified by us; and lastly, have paid in blcod for every inch of ground gained on the left bank of the Danube- all, this I cannot understand." And his in ability to understand it killed him. He died as a man and Emperor should, with his face to the waif ; and he died of disappointment. Yon will find, gentlemen, that his son will have as good reason to give up the ghost— for Bono Johnny is bound to thrash Holy Russia. "Payment by Results !" That is the policy of the new Harbour Trust Board, and a jolly- sensible one, too. Each member of this utili tarian "sinecurism" is paid a stated fee for his attendance as a "member of the Board." If he doesn t show up, he doesn't get hi« money. This is sensible. As the elections are coming on, may I suggest the advisability of tarring our law-givers with a similar brush. Let us vote only for those who earn their coin — by re sults. Let us have no loafers upon the State purse, such as we have now. Let those who legislate for us be paid by results, aud oh Lord ! what a saving to the State's exchequer if this should come to pass. I think that Pro fessor Pearson will agree with me as to tMa — just as he swallowed the principle of " payment of members." And, then, fancy the chance of taxing the bills of honourable members, when presented — as, for example: "A grateful country to Graham Berry. To 250 sittings, £300." " Struck off— items stonewall and obstruction® blatherskite and gabble, £299, by direction of the Master of Taxation." What a pretty MIlj and what a true bill, gentlemen of the jury, What with Australian Blondins, TrickettB, imported Maces, and so on, " champions" bid fair to become pretty common. I was told the other day that somebody was going to send to England a colonial cricket team, to " wipe out" the British reputation. Well, this is soothing. But I reckon that the matter might be made more comprehensive. Woods, for example, who invented the Parliamentary ventilators — could we not send him home to whip the British en gineers ? Could he not enlighten the Hawk- shaws, and Brunels, and Beatties, and other benighted creatures ? I think so — I am sure so. Again, M'Kean would serve as a specimen of the great lengths to which colonists are pre pared to go without arriving at anything use ful; while the two Gaunsons might "sen- sationise" all England as the cackling " Babes in the Wood." The subject, however, embraces too much for an ordinary carrier's comprehen sion, Let us send heme representative men, please — and I'm on for a billet. JOHN PEERYBINGLE. 