INCORBIGIBLE. A STORY IN TWO CHAPTERS. CHAPTER I. " A man who comes and goes - to ami from his business in the City, on the kuifeboard of an omuibos !" " I know : I have thought of that : I shall be able to watch for him coming home." "A man who will take you to live in a semi-detached villa, on some suburban road no one ever heard of " ics; tuey are eo euuiioiuioie, mirac semi-detached houses " " Small rooms !" " I like small rooms; how cosy they are of an evening when the curtains ore drawn close 1 I shall have his tea all ready for him; you know, when be comes home ; he always lookB so tired after his day's work : poor Edgar !" " You had better say you will have shrimps and water-cresses at once, and then there will be " "No farther depths of vulgar enor mity possible. Well, we will bave shrimps and water-cresses then !" " Katie, yon are incorrigible " So Miss Collier used to say !" re turned the subject of this flattering re mark, with a gentle sigh of submission to fate, as though the quality of incor- rigibleness were a thing she conld no more help than the colour of her eyes or hair. Let ns take a glance at this unmanage able Kate. Dark eyes, deeply set be tween well-defined brows ; a square low forehead, round which the burnished locks formed delicate tendrils; a little straight nose, and the sweetest and most perfect mouth, hardly ever cloBe shut, and just only just, showing a tioy line of pearl-white teeth ; as to stature, neither noticeable for height or the reverse, but very noticeable indeed for a supple figure that owed none of its slimness to compression. There is a gravity almost touching upon sadness in this girl's eyes, that seems at variance with the sweet month ; and a physiologist would have predicted from the union of the two, that when the experience of life should have deepened and developed her character, she wonld possess much power of en durance, together with a keen capability of suffering. Such characters are brave even to de fiance, and wont to seek little comfort either in self-pity or in the pity of others. And Katie was oue who loved with passionate intensity, when once her ten derness was aroused ;ouly clinging closer to those she held dear, when others scorned, slighted, or ridiculed them. ' She, aud her sister Maud, one year her senior, had been lcfc motherless when too young to realise their loss ; they bad been reared under tbe care of a governess, who by her devotion and wisdom had almost succeeded io filling a mother's place, but at the time my story opens mat ters were greatly changed. Miss Collier had left them to go and reside witn au mv&iiu; relative, ana — greatest change of all — their father, John Draper Stewart, had married again, aud a close alliauce, the result of similarity of great tastes and ideas, had come about between Maud and her stepmother. So you see, Katie was somewhat " left out in the cold !" In fact, as we have just heard her sister declare, she was "incorrigible," and not even tbe combined wills of the other two, not all their sneers and cease less bickerings, could induce her to give up her young lover, Edgar Birley. I fear that the pretty rebel received underhand encouragement from John Stewart himself, for though the nejv wife ruled him with a rod of iron, and made him pay a pretty figure for having married a person " well-connected," aud a ct devant beauty into the bargain, he, like the honest City merchant he was, held certain strong notions of fur-play, and roundly declared that he "liked the lad." Now, to use Mrs. Draper Stewart's own expression, her husband and the obnoxious Edgar were " tarred with the the same brush." For she was oue of these women who think it no shame to sneer at a husband's profession, and yet, at the same time, by no means disdain to batten in the luxury that is the result thereof. Certainly, so far as being both "City men," and honest, . hard-working mem bers of the mercantile world, Mr. -Stewart and Edward Birley were "birds of a feather." Here, however, all likeness ended, tor while the former by a series of lucky business undertakings bad rapidly become a rich man, Edgar's father had done just the opposite, and the son's prospects had suffered accordingly, and this suc cession of reverses, had .gone far to .break . the health and spirit of old Birley, and to scatter to the four winds of heaven the earnings of a lifetime. His son, however, seemed nothing daunted, and put his shoulder to the wheel with a will. No wonder either, with Kate's loving eyes and bright smile to give him courage 1 . Mrs. Draper Stewart ignored all Lon don lying east of Temple Bar, and if anyone' generally Kate, by-the-way) »nari« nseofthe word "warehouse," she pat her scented handkerchief to her nose, and sniffed plaintively, as though eome- thing of aniliavour ' Came -between tbe wind and her gentility. Still her friends were wont to say that . ffxeally .Amelia, had;. done very well for herself," for they pardoned the merchant's social ' shortcomings, . in con sideration of his yearly . thousands. Amelia was now engaged in a -Struggle to do , etill; better for heredlj which meant attaining as high a tang of She snrial. Udder as nossible. Maud, just nineteen, stately and .beautifid,, and as vain as any plumed macaw,' deemed no bad H"1"" upon which to rest the social lever, and the'stepmother was not witii- ont ''hopes that brilliant marriage might at length aesore the family : posi tion. and satisfy her own- craving am bition. Maud waa "out," but Kate still only | flattered upon the edge of the social world, and ceaseless were the domestic moanings over that "lamentable affair with yonng Birley." However, this affair had risen and culminated before the second Mrs. Stewart began her reign, and while Kate was, as that lady declared emphatically, "a perfect child, and quite unable to know her own mind." " She seems to know it well enough now, at ail events, ' jonn would mate rejoinder, in the simplicity of his heart. And I think Katie found no email comfort in knowing that her father was Edgar's partisan. She was not one to make her moan over small troubles, but after a long day's nagging from the other two women, it was very nice to slip downstairs as she heard his latch key in tbe hall-door, and get a hearty kiss and a " Well, my lass !" that was perhaps not as genteel as it might have been, but somehow brought a misty hriohtnpiw to her mm a. rlnn nf comfort to her heart And now, after a rather digressive fashion, we have come back to our starting point, and can understand Maud's sneers about the semi-detached villa on the suburban road. Kate had a bright, and often a witty answer at the tip of her tongue for all such taunts, bnt she saw that her lover was heavily weighted in the battle of life, and she Buffered with him, and for him, as only a woman who loves with all her heart can suffer. I am not prepared to take upon myself to 6ay that John Draper Stewart himself was as happy in the big red-brick man sion in South Kensington, of -which he was now the owner, ae he had been years back, in a far smaller abode, in a less fashionable district. Then he need to dine at home in the middle of the day on a Saturday, and take the little lassies and their mother out for aetrollafterwards; while later in the evening, when the children were in bed, he and the wife were wont to indulge in a little bit of supper, something hot and savoury, and perhaps prepared as a euprise for the " house-father." Fancy anyone suggesting such a vulgar enormity at the house in South Ken sington ! Why tbe very gargoyles on the waterspouts would have blushed ! However, John loved his Becond wife sincerely, and moreover admired her as a marvel of elegance, so he never grum bled at what were to him new-fangled ways, but tried his best to be a fine gen tleman, and if he found the grandeur of his new eurroundiuge occasionally op pressive, he never said so. Only nothiug that his elder daughter, or yet the wife of his bosom conld say, would induce him to hear a word against Edgar. " The lad's a good lad, and he'll make his way, and the lass is willing to wait" That was all they could get out of John Stewart. When Mr. Birley, senior, was unfor tunate in business, things naturally be came worse for Katie, and even tbe semi-detached villa began to partake largely of the natnre of a castle in the air. " She shan't be baulked though, if I can help it," pondered the successful merchant, lyiug awake one night, and letting his thoughts " hark back" to tbe old days that were gone, when his Mary was alive and his iucome by no means too large for even their simple way of living. < P"ar mnt.her mnrri Afl me when t.h i n as ! looked blue enough, aud the lass shall have her way, God bless her ! in spite of " But here I fear that Johu became somewhat disloyal to the " powers that were," so I shall not further chronicle his reflections. Suffice it to say, he resolved to send for Edgar, and see what could be done in the way of puttiug him in a responsible position in his own house of business. He resolved to do this, but just then a rush of important business took up all Ids time, and kept bim at the warehouse late every evening for a week. " I will write to the boy to-night," said John to himselfj on the last day of that week of hurry aud bustle. And the next morning, in the midst of his work, he was struck down by a sadden seizure, aud taken home to the house in South Kensington, there to linger for two or three days of unconsciousness, and then to pass away to the silent land. Ah me ! How sad it was to see pour Kate, kneeling by the bed on which he lay, and watching — watching all in vain — for a glance of recognition ! To see her holding his lifeless, palsied hand against her breast, longing to feel the poor cold fingers close on here ! As for Amelia, her nerves could not stand the sights and sounds of the sick room ; bo die lay on the sofa in an ad joining one, with a handkerchief in one hand and a buttle of Baits in the other, while Maud ministered to her in her sufferings. a >i/1 flnc Tniltn Sfewtevl1 tliA htnli pimr merchant, passed away. When Ids will was opened and the con tents made public, people wondered. For by one of those strange disposi tions of property often rqade by men otherwise sane, he had Igft th e whole of his fortune, red-brick house aud all, to " Amelia his wife aud the two girls were left unprovided for, beyond the few hundred pounds that had. been their mother's marriage- portion. In time, as they always do, people got tired of wondering. And besides, a very wealthy widow is a charmiug acquisition to society. As to the widow herself 1 should be afraid to say in so many words that she experienced a relief in the disappearance of "dear John" from this mortal sphere ; bnt that, after the first few months of needful seclusion, she frit a certain sense of refreshing lightness and freedom, I fear is a pretty certain fact Meanwhile, Mand shed floods of tears over - poor papa," looking lovely all the while too; which is mote than ninety-nine women out of a hundred could do: but for all her grief, she took a keen interest in the form and fashion of her mourning, and was serenely glad that black suited her so welL . She died renewed tears when the said blade was put on, and Kate nngracioasly enough replied, " What does it matter t" to some comment on the "fit'.' of the garments in question.- - 'Thatwas whatibe summing tip Of the girl's life caine to jnst th'mi,. What did it matter ? . What did any- tiung matter, when the heady loving voice conld never greet her any more, and there was no one to meet at the hall- door of an evening T " The place that knew- him shall know him no' more." Those words seemed ever in Kate's heart; as, silent and pale, she went about her usual employments. But of course there was always Edgar. I hardly know how the child would have borne -her burden of sorrow, in these dark days that had come upon her, had it not been for Edgar : for with ,ner neaa upon nis snouiaer ana ni8 arms around her, she conld let the tears have their way ; and he was too wise to 1 try and offer anything, save a silent .sym pathy. Yet how precious it was ! How the thought of hie bend gently touching her bowed head quieted her throughout the long, long days 1 How the lingering tenderness of his " good night" kiss nerved her to bear all the thousand little jars, that daily life with those she differed from in every thonght and feeling brought upon her ! Onlv a verv few months after the master of the honse at Kensington was laid to rest in the&mily; vault, his widow began to emerge from seclusion ; and Maud gladly followed in her footsteps. " Half" mourning was pronounced ex quisitely becoming, to that yonng lady's, cream-white tirin, .and eo.the;stepmother and daughter gradually Re entered upon all the old social battle grounds ; pensive and subdued, as became those lately bereaved, but enjoying themselves in tensely nevertheless, and much made of by sympathising friends. Bat Kate was "incorrigible." Not one solitary knot of tender pearl- gray ribbon relieved the sombreness of her plain black dress ; no single " white flower, with black foliage," adorned the simple bonnet that rested on her crown of burnished hair. She went her own way quietly and unobtrusively, making no comment npon the proceedings of the other two ; think ing her own thoughts, reading the books she loved, and singing and playing to herself in the momiDg room which be longed exclusively to the sisters, and which Mand troubled little enough with her presence. And here, one evening in every week, Edgar came to see her. Even Mrs. Stewart, greatly as ehe longed to do so, and much as she hated the sight of the young fellow, bad not ventured to iuterfere with this arrange ment as yet. So the days of the week for Katie were as beads on the string of time, and in each week glistened one bead of gold. One evening when he was sore to come — when ehe never watched and listened in vain for the well known knock, and the qnick firm step along the corridor — one evening- when she was greeted by loving words, and held' in strong clasp of arms that had the divine right of love given and taken, to hold her close and fast ! Oh, they were golden, happy evenings, those on which her little closely-braided head might rest npon his shoulder, and when the scorn ful lips might soften into a happy smile, beneath the kisses that told her, better than any words conld do, how dear he held her in his heart of hearts ! How easy to bear were jibes, and taunts, and sneers, when she had each happy memories to look back upon ! For now that John Stewart was no longer there to take his girl's part, his Kate had hard times of it. Troubles never come alone ; and fiVinrf.lir after t.Vifl rip.Ti man'fi Hpat.Ti t.ha poor man was called away too, and Joseph Birley died, leaving nothing but debts behind him. Yes, though, he left a widow and two delicate helpless girls, both younger than Edgar, who had no one to look to but the son and brother, so you see Kate's airy castle seemed fading out of eight like a dissolving view. "I told my father on his death-bed they should never want for anything while I could work," said Edgar, hold ing her little soft hand closely in his own. She was looking with brave, undaunted eyes up into his face. What sort of a face % Oh, not at all like what" a hero's free ought to be : quite commonplace in fact, I fear. A firm well-cut mouth and clear, dark, candid eyes, are about all it has to boast of in the way of beauty. But to Slate there is no each free in all the world I She does not heed the lines that care, and sorrow, and hard work have graven round the mouth, and on tbe brow, taking away all the yonthfnl brightness that ooght to be the heritage of three- and twenty years. The more worn, the more sorrowful that face becomes, the dearer does it grow in Kate's eyes ; for all the passion -of which her intense nature ie capable is ponred ont in her love for this man, and with it iningleB that tender, would-be protecting pity, which savonre of a mother's love for her child. Uavitihul hvr the tinllnnmpfttt nf tliA fashionable life in which the two women who are her household companions find all their happiness, ehe turns to the thought of her lover's reality, his thorough ness, and the stern fight he wages with fortune, as the weary turns to thoughts of rest. If Meud came rustling and sailing into the room when Edgar was there, and thought to awe and annihilate him by the condescension and magnificence of her manner, not one whit did Kate care. \- -Her love, ehe thought, was set too high on tbe throne of her own loyal heart for such petty arrows to touch him. So she would laugh when Maud had retired, and kneeling at his side, look up at him with such saucy eyes and-smfliog lips; that he was constrained to laugh tod.. \- But these qniet happy days were before responsibilities aud anxieties pressed so sorely upon Edgar's yonng shoulders,- that they threatened to make an old inan of him before his time. \- Once — Katie never will forget that time; if tiie lived to be a hundred years —he laid his head ' down wearily npon her shoulder, and ehe felt a' great deep quivering Bob rise from his very heart " My darling ! oh, my darling 1" she eaidj ibendingover him, and pressing the dark head against her breast with two 'titde trembling hands. - -: "My comfort, piy' own little, sweet, true girl I" he murmured, holding her. close. Aud then -her bright, hopeful nature asserted riteelf, and though tears glittered in hereyeBjtiie pmiled ae'-ehe answered him ; " Your comfort 1 Why of course I'm your comfort ; haven't I pledged myself to be your helpmeet I" . Thus she won him to forget hie sorrows and anxietieB for a time ; bnt as he left her that night; Kate called him back, and looking very grave, bade him not work "too hard." ".Yon do not look like yon need to do, dear," ehe said wistfully ; " promise me to take more care of yourself f" \- So. he kissed her and promised. . l et Katie signea as Ane nearq tbe hall-door. dose; for she knew there are- some promises that are hard to keep. chapter n. . When John Draper-Stewart bad "tiept; with his. fathe -s" some year and a half and Katie had begun to appear in the social world again, an event of magnitnde happened to the wealthy and ambitious widow. She made the acquaintance of a " live ; lord." Bather a nice lord, too ; not particularly overdone with brains per- liana Vint, sl tVinrnnoVi oontlamon IrindlvJ hearted, pure-lived, and refreshingly no-: conscious of his own social value, by reason of that guinea stamp — his tide. Such was Lord Paul Netherdiffe, npon whose arm the happy, radiant relict of John Diaper Stewart, merchant, did on a certain occasion mount the Btaircase of a house in Lowndes-street ; the hostess of which mansion had kindly asked about four times the number of people it could possibly hold, to crush them selves and each other in the drawing- rooms and. on the -staircase for three mortal hours. And among this crowd Lord Paul Netherdiffe first saw our Kate. Also he displayed unmistakeable signs of being what Mrs. Stewart called "taken" with her. Not that that was anything very remarkable, though, for people had a way of being " taken" with Kate. Nothing makes a woman eo thoroughly charming as an utter lack of affectation and self consciousness, and Kate possessed this perfect ease of man ner to perfection ; for was not her heart garnered up aud safely given into Edgar's keeping 1 What need she care for the opinion of any other man living 1 " My dear," said Mrs. Stewart plain tively to Maud in the seclusion of her dressing-room, " it is enough to aggra vate a saint— Lord Paul ' is thoroughly £pris with the girl, and to see her chatting to him in that matter-of-fact sort of way, just as if he were her cousin, or her brother-in-law, or some such use less personage ! I must say yonr dear father was greatly to blame in permit ting that foolish affair with young Birley ; but then, poor man, he never had a grain of savoir vivre 1" " But you know we know the Birleys long ago, when Kate and I .were quite little mites, and Edgar was always fond of " » ' A prolonged fit of coughing on the part of her auditor warned Maud that she was touching on unwelcome topics, so shifted her ground, aud suggested eagerly : " Do you think Kate will tell Lord Paul Netherdiffe she's engaged f " What i" almost screamed Mrs. Stewart, desisting from the task of brush ing her still abundant hair, and look ing at Mand with horrifi d eyes, and hair-brush poised in mid air. "Well, yon know she is capable of it," persisted the girl; "you know when young Randall " "Spare me the recollection of that unhappy episode," broke in the other ; " there was something so — so positively nauuuig AAA UtiUUH/j1 Ail XV. due 9 UUUUUtib : " Oh well, I don't know that," said Maud, flushing at the offensive term. I think she might have remembered that you dislike the engagement being talked about, but then its just her downright way ; she always says she hates sailing under false colours." " Such a coarse expression ! All nautical expressions are coarse!" said Mrs. Stewart, with the sweeping ar rogance that ignorance is so often apt to display. It was at length resolved between these two, that, if possible, all know ledge of Kate's " entanglement" should be kept from Lord PauL Maud re gretted that the chance of a title had not come in her way ; but, failing that, to have a titled brother-in-law was a delightful idea ; and then — as her step mother observed confidentially — " you never know what may happen, and those Birleye are evidently a delicate family ; why, my dear, the young man himself looks like a ghost !" Truth to tell, never had Mrs. Stewart felt so hopeful of Kate's engagement being broken off as now, for Edgar seemed destined in deed to prove the truth of those words, " The race is not always to the swift, or the battle to the strong." He had energy, and courage, and per severance enough to set up a whole firm of City merchants, but the tide of luck seemed against him. His mother, broken-hearted by the loss of the husband who had been the centre and mainspring of her life, had a uiug oiiu uiuigiiviiB jsineas. vie tui know the expenses that severe sickness- entails, and the family finances had to be stretched to the utmost, and, even 'then, no amount of pulling would make both ends meet. \- Then that year was a bad one in the mercantile world ; several large concerns "went" for vast sums, and swamped' lesser lights of commerce in their own ruin, as a sinking steamer sucks into the depths below -any smaller craft in its vicinity. Under these circumstances, "getting on" was about as up-hill work as could well be conceived, and X almost think Edgar would have lost heart altogether at" times, if it hadn't been for the cheery little woman who greeted hi with such a loving, smile on that golden evening, that came round once a week. You must understand that Edgar was never asked to break bread in the big house at" Kensington ; and another ar bitrary rule Was, that Kate never visited the " people," as Mrs. Stewart was wont to term Ms family. Truth to tell, the Birleys were -not the -only -old friends that John Stewart had had to give up, just for peace and a quiet life in the domestic tent ; and his daughter Kate, as averse to wrangling as he had been, was content to be ruled as he had been — for . the present . When she was Edgar's wife, his people would be her people. "Jt 'urts my feelin's to see Miss Katie's young man treated as if be was dirt hunder their feet ! so it does," said a tender-hearted footman to' the cook of the Keoeingtoi, establishment. "There's a deal of things done in this world," replied that potenate, "as wouldn't never be done if some people's 'eds wasn't pillered in the silent tomb a remark that met with unanimous ap probation in the kitchen conclave. But though yielding in many ways, Kate was incorrigible in oue particular. She would make no engagement for that one evening in the week, when for two happy hours Edgar was all her own. "It is. light, and. life, and strength to me to Know you are . waiting for me here 1" he said to her once, when things were looking very black indeed. Perhaps , another woman than Kate would have simpered aud said coquet- tishly, that she was " sure it wasn't anything of. the kind." Bnt that was not Kate's way. She just looked up at hi with her grave, tender eyes, and said : "I know it is," while in her heart she registered a vow that never, come what might, should that" light, and life, and strength" IflolntUT 1 When that " season" was drawing to a close, there came an evening when she put back the dark locks from her lover's forehead, and after a long look into his face, gave a heavy sigh as slip said : "I'm afraid, Gar, yon forget your promise sometimes, dear !" . " What can I do I" he answered, crushing her hands in his. Yes ; that was just it.!. What could he. do ! By giving up even one week's re laxation in the year, by taking other men's work upon his own shoulders, by going early to business and staying late— far later sometimes than he would have liked, to tell -his darling of — he hoped to climb into a certain post that was expected to be vacant by tire end of the year. Then he would rest. " You look, oh, such a weary boy 1" said Kate, as he left her that night. " I am always tired, more or less — generally more," he answered, smiling ; "one must be, you know, just when there comes a pull upon one ; but the end will come some dav. and then, mi darling, no one shall take you from me." . I linger npon the record of this one evening, you see. Kate sat beside her lover's knee, and listened to the story of his hopes and fears, entering into even the smallest detail of his plans, as only a loving, helpful woman can da Bnt ten chimed all too soon, and Edgar rose to go. " Good-night, my own !" he said very tenderly, and holding her dose— dose in his arms. He was standing just under the hanging lamp in the middle of the room, and Kate thought she had never seen Mm look eo worn, "and wan, and haggard. She threw her . arms abont his neck, and for a moment the brave heart failed. " Yes, yes ; your very own !" die sobbed in the passion and sorrow of the moment; "remember that, always ; and, oh, love ! take care of yourself, because I am your own, and because my heart would break if I lost you 1" " Dear heart !" he murmured, very softly, with Ms lips on hers. "We need not be at this soirfie musicale until eleven, so you would have plenty of time to dress after Mr. Birley is gone," said Maud to her sister. Now it was one of the tiny barbed arrows with wMch she was wont to pierce IT fl fa'o YtaorvV flilC rvillinn +Vio» nl/1 nlnw fellow " Mr. Birley." " Well, if you wish it so much dear, I will go," unable to repress a little sMver as the arrow went home. "Lord Paul Netherdiffe is going with us," said Mrs. Stewart purringly, from the depths of a luxurious cau- seuse. "Fm glad of that," put in Kate heartily, "he's the pleasantest and most unaffected man you know, mamma — though he is a lord." hire. Stewart and Maud exchanged a glance. The evening of the soiree came, as evenings are apt to do whether we want them or not, and Katie's dress, all pure and wMte, and light as sea-foam, re posed in state upon her bed. " I want everything to be qmte ready for me to put on, as I shall not have much time to dress," she had said to her maid. And that damsel fully entered into the " reason why" of this caution, and acted promptly upon her young lady's orders. And thus, with all toilette cares dis missed from her mind, she went down to the moming-room to wait for Edgar's coming. How the moments lagged ! how slowly the clock ticked out each minute. She had said very little about it in her customary weekly letter to Mm, but the fact was Kate had had an anxious time of it these few days past There had been something in Edgar's face when she saw Mm last that sug- gcoucu uiai rnuau uuluiuiuiiouic uj. ou ideas— breaking down. I Now" we most of us know what it Is to see those signs in a face we love ; ' a look as though the strain has been too long continued, and though the courage still holds good, the physical powers are running low. Then there had been no answer to her letter ; a rare thing that Well, the lamplighter, had gone Ms rounds, and all down the wide street the lamps glimmered palely in the summer gloaming. Last night Kate watched him at Ms task, and said to herself : " When he comes this time to-mor row, it will mean that Gar is coming. . ." And as the big sonorous bell of the church hard by had rung out eight deep notes, die had thought : " To-morrow, when I hear it, it will say to me that he is coming— coming — coming." But " to-morrow" was here now, and tight o'clock had gone long ago, and yet Edgar did not come. The tender-hearted footman, coming in to see if she would take some coffee, knew well the weary watch that she was keeping, and in - Ms sympathy he found himself listening " with til his ears," as he afterwards - told the cook; -for "Me. Hedcar's knock." - Alas for the poor little wistful face at the window, that knock never camel Meanwhile, above-stairs, MraStewart and Maud were holding -solemn council of war, and in her hand the former held a letter addressed, in somewhat nnoer- tain caUgraphy, to " Miss Kate Stewart" She held it very much as she might have been expected to hold a live ser pent, had such a creature penetrated to the sacred precincts of her dressing- room. A boy brought it," said Maud, "and I happened to be coming in at the time ; it is Jessie Birley's writing, and eo I thought it beet to' keep if till you woke ' from your doze. - Depend upon it, it's some silly message that will keep Katie from going with ua to-night." "My own impression is that that yonng man nas neara ot dear Lord faille attentions to Kate ; and there is" some underhand -work going on in conee qoence." " I shouldn't wonder," said Mand, spitefblly ; " and how provoking too, if she won't go to-night, after you telling Lord Paul ehe was sure to be there, and that speech of his about introducing us all to his aunt, Lady Pierrepoint 2" " I think this letter will keep till the morning," said Mia. Stewart, after a long and reflective silence. So they put if. nn tliA flnil fnr ifo groafroF safety laid a lettet-weight bigger than itself npon the top of it. Half-an- honr later Mand pnt her head; all beautifully dressed, and adorned with dew- epangled . lilies, into, .the room where that sad-eyed girl still kept fruit less vigiL " Mr. Birley will never come at this time of night, Kate. What is the use of yonr waiting t You'd better come np attire and dress, or you'll be sure to keep ns at the last" " Oh dear 1 — most I gof eaid Kate; wearily. " Well, you know you promised, and mamma will be disappointed, and so will Mrs. Deianey besides, I set my heart on ns going to thie affiir together." Bo titers was nothing else for it. " I never saw Kate look to Birch dis advantage !" whispered Mis. Stewart in Maud's ear, ae the group entered Mrs. Delaney'e drawing-room. Now the gronp included Lord Fan, by-the-way, and he seemed to see no fault in Katie's looks 1 Yet there is some truth in what her stepmother says. The poor little lass is " pale as her smock." and the spotless robe, that is gathered np to her slender throat, makes her look like a lily, or a snowdrop. At least so tMnlra Lord Fanl Netherdiffe. You eee it was the very first time in their three years of -betrothal that Edgar had failed to keep tryst with Ms dear love ! Towards, midnight Mm. . Delaneye rooms began to "fill" That is to say, yon ban to find it difficult to move about, and occasionally had to stand with yonr arms pinned down to yonr sides; ae if yon were a trussed chicken. So Kate, attended by Lord Fan, songht refuge on a broad . landing where groups of flowering plants and dimly- burning colon red lamps 'made quite a little fairy-land. As they gladly lingered in this cooler atmosphere, and while -Kate was thinHng longingly of her qniet room at home, and ' in imagination writing to " Gar," to know what had kept bim from her side at the | appointed hour, two men, standing in the 1 doorway near wMch she was seated, began. I to talk of something that had happened that afternoon in the City. "The poor fellow looked like death," said one,"" and , the crowd behaved as a London crowd \- always does, abominably ; crashing about j qb, so that we could hardly get Mm up from the pavement.: Fortunately Fever- sham, of Sc. Bartholomew's, waa with me, aau wwiug but ewe «j ue a ueucea oaa -one — heart or something of that kind — he grew peremptory ; so we got the fellow into a cab, and Feveraham went home with him." " Then yon fonnd out who he was V chimed in the other, " That was lucky, I must say." " Yes ; and wasn't it odd, he tamed out to be a son - of that old Birley who went to the dogs two or three years since, snd whom my father knew intimately at one time." While this man was speaking, Lord Netherdiffe felt a band grasp hia arm convulsively ; saw a wMte despairing free raised as if in protest against some Budden agonising blow ; and in a moment he waa standing by Katie's tide; and supporting her on hie arm. By a mfghty effort she recovered her self from a momentary unconsciousness, and shrinking back, covered her eyes with her hand. Then after a moment or two of silence, during wMch he had sMelded her "care fully from the observation of others, Kate looked np at him and spoke. "Lord Paul," she raid, "you have always been very kind to me — ever since I knew yon — and now I want you to do something for me. Will you wait at the cloak-room door while I get my doak? andtuen — I want you to take me somewhere, to see — t— friend — who is ilL I must go," she added, seeing the astonishment he felt, written on his free, "and if yoa won't take me, I mast go alone." " But had I not better go and find Mrs. ate wart, or yonr sister r "No — no— no," raid Kate, holding tightly to Me arm, and trembling, as he could feel, from head to foot " Either do as I ask you— and may God be with you in yonr own hour of sorrow if yon do— or leave me — and let me go alone !" Five minutes more aud they were speeding along eastward, as fast as a hausom conld carry them. Twice only had Kate spoken. Once to give the address of Edgar's home, and again to say, under her breath : " Tell Mm to drive fast, please." Then she leant her head against the tide of the .cab, and oh ! the awful, fil look of agony upon her poor little dead- white free I Her bmnds clasped one in ihe other, lay npon her lap; and writhed and twisted in an anguish of impatience. There was such passion, such pathos, in the girl's silent might of suffering that Lord Paul Netherdiffe was held dumb by a revential pity, such as in all his life before he had never felt for any hum mi being! He dared not ask her one tingle ques tion ; any selfish hopes that he had over had with regard to her died out utterly ; he recognised that ehe was a woman who loved passionately and intensely some other than hitnadf, and that that loved one lay tick, perWS— who might say I— onto death. To italp her; to comfort her, that was til he hoped, for nbw. r : _ . . v La alencethey travetaedi&e; tifll rest- lew City, tbe city thai never teems to sleep ; and at last— at last— the goal of Katie's agonised longing was reached. It was a small boose, in a narrow street, and lights moved about in toe rooms, as yon may always see when sadden illness, or a still more ghastly visitant, is present. Someone rang toe bell ; then toe door was opened by Edgaifs youngest taster, Jessie. She gave a little pitiful cty at the right nf M fttip --«»«— I.rjg tliftpi in nil tin, prandear of her floating robe, with jewels glittering in her coronal of hair, and then she caught her by toe hand, and, withont a word, led her up toe narrow stair Lord Paul Nethercliffe dismissed toe cabman ' with a fare that opened the man's eyes to their fhllest extent, and sent Mm homewards jubilant ; and then i he waited in tbe little -dingy' parionr, whither his own sagacity, in defenlt of; any other guide, had led him to penetrate. Indeed there was nothing for it but to wait, until it pleased someone to remem ber his existence. He could hear from tie room above the sound of a woman's wailing cry. For Katie knelt by her dead love's ride, and, wito her cheek pressed against the still white face that would never, never more greet her with smile or kiss, made her desolate moan : " He never said good-bye to me ! Oh, Gar ! my darling 1 you never said good-bye !" Towards two in tbe morning Jessie came softly into toe room where Lord Paul still waited. She carried a ematl lamp in her hand, and set it on the table Then he saw a pale, delicate-featured face, framed in bands of golden hair. Once, twice, she essayed to speak, and foiled. At last the words came. "She —Katie — says, will you go and tell Mrs. Stewart that she is here — with ns — and that they must not expect her home for awhile f" Fain would toe man have uttered some Word of sympathy j but had been little Used to scenes of sorrow, and had never yet encountered toe presence of Azrael, Angel of Death ; so toe tongue that was glib enough among the denizens of the world of fashion, stammered and found no words in toe presence of a girl's sorrow. " You know," toe poor child went on, her face looking weirdly sad in the flickering light of the lamp, "Misa Stewart— Kate— was engaged to Gar— to my brother I mean j they had been fond of each other from children, and now— he is dead." Eer voice broke ; her tears fell hot and fast, " I am so grieved — so sorry — I did not know " faltered Lord Paul, feeling very much as if he were in a dream. " I am sure you are sorry," went on his companion, recovering herself " and if yon saw Katie Oh, it is terrible to see her, and to hear her weeping ! They brought him home this afternoon; he had fallen in toe street, somewhere in the City. Mother was the one who opened the door, and he knew her, and apoke to her ; he eaid no one was to be frightened ; but he grew worse after we had taken him upstairs ; he could not get his breath, And— we could not make ont what he eaid, but it was something about Katie : we knew that he was dying : toe strange doctor who brought him home told us so; and we sent a letter to Katie — every minute we thought she would come . . ." The story seemed veiy had to tell, and listening to it, Lord Paul Nethercliffe's lip actually trembled wito agitation. It was all so new to bim, this .awful grief, this terrible form in which death bad come and taken the darling of that humble honsehold ! For the first time in his easy-going, pleasant life, he was brought face to face wito reality. " I know now I should have telegra phed — she might perhaps have seen him then, or even if she had got the letter ; but it seems she never did. It is kind of you to be so sorry for us. I see you are so by your face ; but oh, you cau never know ! no one can know what Gar was to ns all ! He died of hard work — of working for ns — here in this city — where people are so rich ; he " As toe girl was once more silenced by the risiug tide of grief, Lord Paul Nether cliffe hated the thought of his own wealth and his own prosperity ; he had never thought that there were such people — such sorrow — such weary straggling in the world ! " Is there nothing I can do 1" he said eagerly, in toe plenitude of his sym pathy. « Yes," answered toe girl with a gentle dignity that struck him toe mote in thinking of it all afterwards; "I have told yon what you can do. Go and let Mis. Stewart know that Kate is here, and tell her how it all happened, as 1 have told it to you. Kate asked me to tell you she would thank you one day for all ynur goodness to her to night, and now — good-bye." She held ont a little cold hand, in fore- well, and so he went Ms way from that honse of mourning. And now what more shall I find to tell oi Kane's story ? Truly not much. How she lived throogh toe days, and the weeks, and the months, that followed Edgar Birley's death, yon best may know who have waded through just such a troubled sea of pain ; yon who have had to take np the dropped thread of your daily, life, and bear, as God may have given yon strength, the burden of tbe days, and months, aud years, that are desolate by reason of a silence, that is the unbroken silence of death Mrs. Stewart forgave tbe horrible im- propriety of that midnight drive with Lord Paul Nethercliffe. Let us hope her pardon was given in consideration of the low, heart-broken moan, that was Kate's only comment, or reproach, on the treachery of that withheld letter. The motive that influenced her step mother and sister to act tons towards her she never suspected, and guilelessly be lieved them, when they told her that the delay had been an overnight "Yon did not know! yon did not know f rite moaned through white lips, aud Maud was so penitent that she nearly betrayed both herself and her accomp- lice. Nearly, but, fortunately, perhaps, for, Mrs. Stewart, not quite. As rime went on it transpired that Lord Paul occasionally called at the house in the narrow street in lie Bast District; therefore, Mrs. Stewart smiled upon Kate's frequent visits to that nngenteel i locally, and alluded to Edgar's antimeiy ; " demise" as being one' of those ".ways ; of Providence" which die veiy apt to. strike OB as being "All; &r; toe best," when they chance to«hime in with onr denies. '. » V And eoit came abont, that one day, that I have tbldyoir pf Jteppgned; Katie — an older, sadder Kate than yon and I have known in thB past— came home frpm Mrs. Birley's frill of- some "important news. " Mamma," ehe. 8aid, .jaMng .off her hat; and pushing back the tendrils of rich brown hair from her brow, ' do yon know that Lord Panl Netherdiffe is going to be married f" It was long since Katie had had such a bright smile on her face, and Mrs. Stewart ' cast a triumphant 'glance at Maud, as she answered : ' " Indeed ! I think I can gness who the lady is." . " He is going to many Jessie Birley," said Kate, simply. Arid then, vrith a for- off look in her grave, sweet eyes,' she added with a farnttender smile : "How pleased Gar would have bedn Mrs. StewatV shivered mid sighed, and there and thai, once and for all, gave Kate up hopelessly. Truly, the girl urn "incorrigible 1" 