A TALE 01? TREACHERY. , , CIAPI'TEILR XIII. Joog hurried upstairs to Daskam's rooms with the oexciting message sent by Mr. Heath. He found his young master parti ally undressed and lounging, before the window upon a bamboo couch, smoking a cigar. The light had been turned very low, aond was scarcely .more than a fire-fly in poinot of brightness under its rose-oolored shade. In the half-gloom the red spark of Deskam's cigar gleamed vividly and showed the whereabouts of the smoker. ,lIs it you, Jook?" asked the spurious heir of Heath House lazily as the black ad vanced towards him. "Anything wrong? It is not like my father to sit up so late as this. I hope he is not ill ? " There was a suppressed eagerness in his voice that indicated quite the contrary of his words. Indeed the young man would have been very glad to hear of Mr. Heath's mortal illness. Having tasted the enjoy moots of wealth, he would have given much to take the reins of power into his own hands and assume a full control over the estate and itse splendid income. ",Massa all well," said Jook. "He have visitor, that's all." "A visitor ? At this hour? A business agent I presume. A factor perhaps ?" "I d'un know, Maseon Saul," answered Jook, doubtfully.' "Only massa he told me to toll you to come down to the drawiu' / irom as there was a visitor there as wanted /to see you." ",Huml I And you don't know who the visitor is,?. It can't be business at this hour," said Daslram, puffing at his cigar. ",Massa said it was a 'sprise for you," said Jock, racking his memory for his mactor's .words. "It's some one come boaok from bein' drowned, Mrass' Saul. It's Oap'n Bray of the ship Messenger-" "What?" Jook eprank backwards in affright, the voice of his master sounding so wild and startled and horrified. "(It's Cap'n Bray of the ship Messenger," repeatod the black, his teeth ohattering. H He mue' a' got picked tip, and he's come baock and he wants to see you. That's all, Mass' Saul, and massa told me to tell you." "Godsl What devilish yarn is thies?" oried Daskam, and his voice was strange, harsh, and incrodulous. '' Tell me again the name-you black demon "' Jook repeated his message. There was a long silence, ia dedthly hush in the chamber. The red spark of Daeliam's oigar faded into gloom. And Daskam seat as if turned to stone, not once moving, not even seeming to breathe. , Jook dared not speak; but he shifted his weight tuneasily from one leg to the other, and waited for his master to speak again. The impostor weeas stunned by this unex liected blow of Captain Bray's return. He had never considered the possibility of the oaptain's escape from death by drowning. His brain reeled. Ho could not command his thoughts. But Jock's presence and un easiness at length recalled him to hinmself. He could not obey Mr. Hoath's summons. To do so, to face Caeptaini Bray in Mr. Heath's preseneoo, would be to invite ex posure. He dared not go ,olow. Ruin stared him in the face. He felt a cowardly instinct to stave off exposure for a few hours at least, and hie said husklily " Joolrck, toll my father that I'm undressed -I can't come down to-night. I'll sea the captain in the morning. And, Jook, be off to bed. I sha'n't want you again to night." The bleok boat a retreat, glad of his dis missal, and hurried below. As he reached the lower hall Mr. Heath opened the drawing-room door expoeting to behold his son. "Maes' Saul dead tired," explaineiiod Jook. "Done used up by the sun to-day, and all undressed. If you'll 'snouse him to-night, mason, ho'll be proud to coo the cap'n in the m" ornin'. Them's his beorry wordo! " The planter looked disappointed and dis approving. Ho had oxpeooted his supposed son to come hurrying down to moot OCaptalin Bray, whoso esoapo from drowning had not booeen contomplatoedl no a ponsibility. The proteluder's abseneoo argued a heartlessnoss and insensibility that utruck a chill to his soul. He dismisseod ,Took by a gesoturo and ro entered the drawing-room with a peinod expression on his fair, proud face. Captain Bray, our old friond of the ship Messenger, arose at his ontrance, with an enger look in his honest oyo. lo expeooted to beohold Saul Houth, and his countonanc fell as the planutor entered alone. " My son ihas retired, captain," said Mr. Heoath. " He went to Kingston late in ithe alternoon, and becamoe over.heoated by the sAtun. IoHe is not quite careful unoughl I feor. He forgets that thin climnate ij not: that of "lenglnd. He will not be down to-night, but will be glad to seeoo you inl the imorning." Oaptain Bray made no word of eonnoitim ; hut it was plain to eoo that ihe was curprioed and disappointod. He o had hoooma, greatly attached to the noble young hoir of the planter upon the voyage out, and ihe felt that hie could hlave gone any diitaneo to welcomon Siul Uloath's roturlln frall sup poseod deathl. Ho haild oxploted ia joyous and hearty greeting from hisu formuer pan, nonger, whlono warmth of soul hio well Iknow. "I dare say it's ill right, Mr. Hoath," hlo aldl, a little awkwvardly. "Thori'a a diffor oneo betweoon a rich youncg goantlomain and ai lpoor sonacaptain. I ouglit toI havo rouiorc Iherodl it; but Mr. ] Saul waa rio ind andl Irlonilly to mno on nsip-board thalt I felt in clmoring hero tlhlt I wali conlilng tgtraighlt to a Ctilo fried who wouild be Il l to soa mo. t's all right, iir--it' iil right." Notwitlltatding this luratsaation, whlich itheu cltaiu uttoroed witlh aiiunc d calholorl'ul Sitw, it wn very oh lr thant the ssillO wos dnll ply hurt. Mr. Heath ilnduvoinr.id to lolt om, the mitttcr; but Oaptain lriay ieianeo iiliini, iind ifter a little ir'oliiosil that ice hii ld retire. lIeo wov not sliipy; hut he hald iiitlsod tile Inollonnti ,u o f ithi holiur ulld thu tr ulllhd Urill, tallaunallc of hlil ut, aciid fhnillioii thst the lllanitor iwou i1iil li ln to hi ilono,. MEr. Hlliith rang flsr hhl iitlhr, aind (Ji ili il wrnyy l iu iiwn tpi toi a romiiiui tllin had hition liropare'd for lhi. itllhidrw i to lhin own lrilven liitpartlnoante, ulshiiMlnwhli.. tlh, .epvuiri?tc 'uihoir of 'Mr, ]oatihl iit .by:.hlsnjnaloisahushuttors in a dtacd stupor. Unconscious of the passage of time, he could think only of his' threatened ex posure. To-night he was the petted heir of the plantdr: to- morrow he might be a wanderer like Oain,; poor and without pros pects, every man's hand against him. Ruin stared him in the face. His future, his pros perity, wealth, the profits of the crime lie had committed, all depended upon this rough sailor, whom he regarded with an unreason ing and savage hatred. He thought of avoiding Captain Bray, of pretending to be ill until the sailor should be gone, of going to kiagston and therere remaining until Bray should have left the island, of various otherthings equally im practicable and foolish, and then he came back to his terrible difficulty with a shook, knowing that it must be met, and that hel could not evade it. He wished that the night might last for ever. The dawn be believed would bring to him his doom. He thought of going to the captain in his chamber and buying his silence, but a re-· membrance of the sturdy honesty of theo.eea manrestrained him. In so doing he would but precipitate his ruin. With every sense ateeped in that dull and horrible agony, with ruin and th' :dawn awaiting him together, he yet heard every. sign of life about the great house, every stop on the marble stairs, every sound in the great corridors. He heard OCaptain Bray con duoted to his room by the butler, he heard Mr. Heath proceed wearily to his owii apart mente, and he heard the butler goinghie rounds afterwards, fastening the doors and shutters, and making snug for the night. The question pressed home tohim. What was he to do ? He meditated flight. He might escape from the island, but where could he go? The luxaries of his new life were very dear to him. His power, as Mr. Heath's sup posed son and heir, his unlimited supply of money, his prospects of inheritance, his posi tion in society, all those were very dear to him. Was there no way in which he could retain them all ? He felt that he would rather die than give them up and go forth as Gryle Daokam. " For that is the worst that can happen to me," he said to himself. "They can't accuse me of Saul's murder." He was still stupefied, still silent as death, his eyes burning like pale coals through the faint gloom, when hie heard Captain Bray's shutters softly unclose and the sailor pass out upon the verandah. He comprehended that the captain was restless and wakoefel, and that he lhad ex perienced a longing for exercise and fresh air. He knew that Bray, accustomed to the sea-winds and the open deck, must in a sleoep less mood, feel stifled within the four walls of a chamber,. Preseuntly the fairit odoir of a oigar was borne to Daskam's nostrils. A elight cough came up from below. Mr.: Heath, it appeared, was upon the Iower verandah, wakeful also. The captain extinguished the fire of hii eigar and.retreated into his room. Diskam heard him a moment later enter the great hall and steal' down the stairs and out-of doors. Ho know that the sailor had gone out into the garden to smoke his clgar, and to walk off his reostlessneess. I-IHe determined to follow him. Ho arose silently, and went to his ward robe and groped about for a suit of dark blue flannel clothing, which he hastily put on. Hi unlocked hIis desk and took therefrom certain weapons. In the faint gloom his faco looked deadly, terrible. He thrust his foot into linen slippers, arnd opened his door, and gently stolo out into the hall. lia listoned, but hoard no sound below. ThIe captain had passed on out-of-doors. Duslnam looloked his door, and stealthily crossed tho hall, and stole down the great stair. The wide laudings, with their cactuo trees in tuba, the nichesoo, with full-length, bIrouzo figures, were glided past in silouence. fIo gaillnod the lower hall. Theoro wa no light there. The great doors opening upon the verandah wore swung wide open, as was the custom of the house day and night, ex copt in storms and the rainy soeasoon, iand the dlouble doores, made of slate, which wore always lookod at night, wore also seeoon to be w~ar. 5J (in. Stoalthily a0 any midlnight thief the sup. posed heir of thei hoiueo rossod the hall and glided out into thile verandah. A jalouseio door hers wo al no ajar. Daskam slipped out upon the stops, and down into the gardeon. Hiding boehind a pieeoo of marblo statuary, ihe peered about in queat of the captain. Bray was not in the garden, not upon the velvety lawn sllllhaded by its great tropical treoos, hut Dalekam faincid that Ihe saw a dark figure moving in the orange grove hbo yond. There was a poasibility that Mr. Heath might be moving ablout in tihe lower veran dah. Thei villain took every preoonution ,gainist being noon, koopiniig in the sihadow of troca? and shrlubs, nnd flollowing in the waite of Captain Bray, whose formn he kept in sight. Onsoe within tlhe orangeo grove Daslhtam hoe camo loes alpprohonsivo of I ling" noorin fromi thle hollll, and Ioolllnlltratll all hli thoughts atnd fauiieillh lIlion the \VorkT he had ill hand. Tl.h unilor, unc,lneoious olt pursnit, w\alkod on, nmoking hisi oigar, his eonse of being stilled-.whichl gionorally ovrrameo hlimn in a lhorio --diaippoaring in thie fresh, opioo-laden The Illtlh estute walli iltOrsnotoed Ilby one of theli rivers no ncmornlli in tihe island, a rido, rough, dashiNig striiam that foind its i i alolllng the BIlo lMountalllini, and wont whirling downwards t tthe sea. Now and tIlinii ii (lolllO ollopliratively level spot It wlla linlchil, b1t for the most port it was a nioun. tlini torrosit, whiteo with foaln, ivith a strolng iourrint, anld mniliy ralpid---a restless, buAy rICuIlrll, thallt had hoill well iulmed the IItrry River. lilitliihl Ih'iIy inahi s h111 1 wiay through the IriginL'ilit g(roveul lilnd Oa cihos of broatlti theo linuiti of 1th( Hrry, Il had bIooii ihere oltel hCollre, Mri. 1hIath Ilivlig bo on nte oof tlu ownlieirlI oif thIe lst MRIono nilllir, and hIlivIing nttoun invhitl hiil 1 o .11 C ith [ 1itnus. T.L'Clie ell 1Clin wiilklll alllIg the blani kS of t1i1 river, whilIlh werin lore high1 and rooky, (11111 IliliIIkiCII 1(111 (Ilglir 111111 lhtareral to till, rolr of tll ile tronin, w1 hich Willl rna1io n hiir :I}All COM (II1I0 Or0111ing~ II1 aRidd 1)0 Hlartlor, I~llilflh~r~ lU 1IitlllO n'tllnl¢t tillal I ho l 11~1111 1' lihadnwo. Il]o had plahd lul lil n ornihlable blhdgeon In thi forust, i1 Ilt oh inlholiltuiny, wvhlhliu ie elirrilll in his lh anni. Puioistly, as the captain turned I his walk, Daskam came out in full view, walk ing rapidly towards him. The sailor halted, staring. " How do you do, captain?" said the villain, easily, although his faeoo was white and his eyes glittered in the light of tlhe yellow stars. "I'm glad to see you alive. I: i feared you were dead I " Oaptsin Bray. looked as if he believed Daskam to be a ghost.. "Don't you know me ? ! inquired the young man. "Don't you know your late passenger-" "Grylo Daskam? I do indeed. But Mr. Heath said you were drowned," ex claimed the captain, utterly bewildered. " He thinks so, nodoubt," said Dasklam, too secretive to give evoen this man one hint of the game he was playing, although he had determined that Bray should never see the light of morning dawn again. " But I was saved-' S" With your cousin? " "Not with him," and Daskam grinned like a demon. "0Ono! not with him. He is at home, living in grand style, and all that sort of thing. I was picked up by a doastor and was landed the other day. I ljaven't been up to Heath House yet. I have beeoon ill, you see. But I was on my Vay to my uncole's house to-night and broke down on the way-I am so weak-so that I didn't get thero until the house was closed. 4'was hanging about hesitating what to do when I saw you come forth. I followed you, thinkling you might be my uncle. Imagine my surprise when I rooogniseod you, whomI believed to be drowned! " Oaptain Bray was astonished, but unsue p?iolous. Daskam's story was plausible, his manner sincere. Still there was a glitter in his eyes, a savage glare, a frightful monaco, 4f which he was himself unconscious, and which was the involuntary expression of his doul. The sailor was startlod by this singu lar look, and fanciod that Daskam's exposure had turned his brain. " You must go up with me when I go in, Mr. Daskam," he said. "Your unolo was otelling me to-night that you wore lost at sea. He will weolcome you home again. Your Sousin will be glad to see you, although he id not come down to soee me," added the isptain with some bitterness. " We will go dp to the house now." | "Stay. Tell moe of yourself first. When id you land ?" S" This afternoon. I was pickeod up at sea y a coastor which had been driven out ot her course by the hurricane that destroyed the Messenger. She was disabled, and has been all this time making her way to King ,ton, I came out to Heath Houso as soon as I had reported at tlhe ship-oisoe, and dined vith Mr. Heath, and spent the evening with him. I shall go back to town in the morn ing. Mr. Hoeath has promised me command ?9f a new vessel." "You are in luck," said Daskam, wilth a pnoer. S" Yee," replied the sailorl, simply. " Mr. IHeath has been very good to me. I have inot sooni Mr. Saul yet. Ho seems to have changed since his return. He has hIis dignity to think of here I suppose. Ho will be glad to see you. Your uncle was so euro that you were dead. But come, Mr. Daskam, I've walked off my retlessnesos and can go to bed comfortably. Lot us go back to the house " " One moment," and DRskam drew nearer, tho glare in his eyee deepening. "I have a last word to say to you, captain-" With the rapidity of thought he raisod his bludgeon andt brought it down with an appalling foreoo upon the head of the un forttnato seaman. Bray dropped to the ground as if shot. Daskam repoeatod hii blows, raining them upon the head of his victim, now merely grazing the oaolp, again producing a crash as if heo Iad broken the skull. Ho pausod it last, and turned the body over to the palo light. Ho felt the captain's pulse mid dropped his hand. '" IIo'u dead ! " he muttered. "It's better this way. If I had not got him out of my path in this manner I should have killod him in his bed ! Botter to meddlo with a tiger att his meals than to meddle with mo ! " Heo pieeoored around him. Ho saw nothing but the shadows of the trees; heard niothing but the roar of tIhe Hurry ut hiis sitlde. IBut " conscience nlakoo ottwards of us all." HIo fanoiod lie hoard and saw strange things. A terror camo upon hiin. W\Vithli a aiitddtloti energy he gatlhered up the Ibody of Iin vic tim and flung it into the rivir. Then 1ie hurried away from thie socno an if purItdtl. "TThoy'll hind him it thtu morning, por hlps," he muttorod, ilinging hi bhiulgoon into.thlie twift torronit. " They'll think hie lies walkeod off the ,ank diring hi stroll tand thit hia brulitst aro the natutral roault of hise tumbling ngaitint the rocks at flmlintg sotl on Iis way down streanm. No one will ast poet thitt I hiive kIilled himu. Hi's dead aind I havo nothing mtore to foer. What a load ic taken from mo ! I am safo--I tam ell'o I And now to got bnoakl into the house and my roomi Ullt00to I" OIArPTItit XIV. [Upon arriving at the Ingoon tie mon with Saul Hoath in ohargo ,pnaldol with thoir prionor on tho strip of honah until Grogory onamno up with hil palo and nhrinking oaptivo, whom ha olutttdltl tightly, an if foaring nho would oanoapo him. "What shall wo do now ? " inquired Orimp of his uaprorior. " Shall wo hold a ouirt horn and nottlo with this young bantam at onoo P " Grogury ilhniootd upwardl. Thio nun wan gatting high anid thbo hoat was inoronaoing. ]ut for Ih uplioy nalt lrooza that awopt over thio island thi hoat would havo boon alroady unnndurablo. ' Wo'll go into thin houua," ho taid. "T Ona ont, till of you.." Saul U:tnath wonr ondulutod itito tho groat ool Iaill\, through whinhl thie brhao rmvod unintorruptodly. Thi lloor, walhl, nd eoil. lug worn of polihoid mialogany. Thi fur tlituro win of bnItshoo, .Thio atlnuphlnoro was vory plananlt. l[iTatht, boulid, wion iiland ina thie uontrio th' iho tour. Hlia foot wore iot fforttirll. [Ito plratod liinilulf Lhirmly and lohokl a cool dohiacio itt hih O~l~llllt~lOl( Garliot ]?ni wtiaa phiiond upon a aottlo, Thor wotin a pitoitn look on her awot yoiiini ioin, it iitl h ro olivn nkii wan i llnll hli, l liiid hiloer nyon won t'aill of igoniy. OhI hliolluon roptllo ti th Iidio of hr yoinIg' tnitrillni, t1int iiho toii wnii dwinihb waith griaf. Thile iight of arlnolit'n aiigulihh lliitt inrvod to iiflnmo tbo pntaloun tof hmr uOainmy. Grongory lovod her with aitl the ti'rongth of his wioked nature. Love for her and greed for her money had impelled him to his Inefarious echeme of keeping her upon his lonely island until she should cousent to becomo his wife. But whether love or avarice were strongest within him he had not known until now. To see her looking thus overwhelmed at the peril of young Heath stirred him almost to madness. The seamen and slaves dlusterod within the hall, eager to take part in the scene that was to relieve their lives of monotony and to gratify their employer's long-desired revenge. Young Heath may have looked a little paler than usual; but there was no shadow of fear upon his noble face, no flinching in the blue and haughty eyes, no quivering of the proud lips under his tawny moustache. An insolent exultation flamed up into Gregory's visage. He longed to break the spirit of his lordly young prisoner, to hear him plead for mercy, to ece him shed tears. Knowing how women admire courage in a man, he longed to abase young Heath to the lowest depths of humiliation before Garnet. "You see it is as I said, my fine young fellow," he sneered. "I am master hero. I am king. These men are all my subjects. At my command they'll all fall upon you at once and tear you limb from limb." Heath's lips curled contemptuously. "'You are a brave man to taunt a pri soner, one whom you have made lhelplose," he observed calmly, " It would be like you to set a dozen men upon one who is bound. Bah, you pitiful coward ! There's not a man here but despises you ! " A sullen flush tinged Gregory's cheooks. "Take care, young man I " lie cried, fum ing. "You but make your fate the more terrible! Be careful 1-he careful" I Heath smiled mockingly. He was one of those dauntless spirits which no mere per. sonal danger can ever weaken. "I iepent, Mr. Gregory," he said coolly, " that you are a miserable coward I If you were not so you would not insult and. brow beat a man whom you have carefully fet tored. Come, give me a ohauneo for my lifelo. Unbind me. Makeo a ring if you choose aud you and I will fight it out and these men will see fair play. "I must doecline your offer," replied Gregory. " This is no quarrel. The judge does not come ldown fron his bench to settle the case with the prisoner in a game of fisti ouffs. I sir am the judge. You are the prisoner-" Very well, then, give me a fair trial. You shall be judge and those men shall bhe the jury," sanid Heath, flashing a rapid glance over those reckless, hardened faces, and comprohending perfectly that they would all, free and salve, decide for their master and against himn. " What is your charge against me ?' " " My charge is that I hate you and all of your name and race!" oriod Gregory violently. "That yeaours ago I swore to be revenged upon your father-that I have waited long and patiently for my oppor tunity-and that it has come at last I'll break your father's heart, by heaven I I'll make his home desolate I I'll send him to his grave childless, and his estate shall go to -to stranugorsl O, curse himl The hour of my revenge is come I" Heath surveyedl his enemy soarchingly. "Youll hate my father," he remarked. "He is a just man. If he ever did you harm, it was in punishment for some rasoal ity. Is your real name Gregory ?" Gregory started. "It doesn't matter to you what my real name is or is not," he said roughly. " My past does not interoaest you. It is your prosent that is in quooetion. Your present, young man. You hlave no futureol" " You desire to murder me because you hated my fiathor ? " " Exactly. I am the judge, aeT said, and this is an informal court," said Gregory, his faco glowing evilly. "I hato you and your ranoe, andl I hereby senoutence you to deathl I The seontencet to be oxootoed immediately." A low ory canme from Garnet. "How is he to dioe ? " inquired Crimp -pDOrfoetly willing to a?sist in the purposed murder if he were to be well paid. Gregory soanned hii, followers, as if try ing to ascertain hIow far they would follow his load. Not one look of disguat, or re proof, or disapproval mot his gazo. Ho had liouon hid instruments well. " Ho l liall inot bo drowned,'" answored Groegory, " for tie se ha ln spoewed him up. IIo shall not he lshot. Tthat is the death of a soldier. He might he buried in the sands aindl left for thie tide to cover. Hle maight be pint in a oogo, like a lobster, rrndl selit out in thle eno; hio might-why, thorn are a thlonu snd ways in which hle might die ; but I don't fancly arlny'of tihesah altns. I wlant Ils father' to hfar how he diedl , iand the manner of hia death luutt bn aouch as to Iow thu proudi oli aristocrat to the groundl with liumiliation and tnag?uilh. I have decided. Ha shall dit the deathl of a murderer, lIe olall be hanged I " " arlgod l" O'rimp and ti, sailors ire-i toarteal lie word, studying the prisonor' vistige. IIe didl not flualh or grow palor, as thebo prinis oner naul qauitetly "It is nut the ninuannr' of oeti's dedath but its oualllso that is diegriaonftl. YIu1 mray seid whlat wordis you Will to my fathhor, Mr, Whatovor.your.roal-nimti-sl arrnd he will still jutldge for himnelf. Yeo may render htis oehihlhls, yoe Imay ctnasu my dealth by torturo; but if yos rsnsemer Lorimor Heath you know well thait ha wiAll smeld envetry ponny of hin fortunoa bit that bi will truco out the tiauId'er oi' li hia lton tald i'oUidr to himn a full panishment fort his r'noi I " VWiat ala!l I o're? '" aoallaed U regory. " I tan hetala hit serrch I A il if ha laoa' hiti fortrunlo nit waell Itn lin lia aon, thtlan iny i'svitngo will he all tl grantor. AIll he catin do wrill ntt brhng huok hii dead boy I Come, my Mntt, (rlilllt, noti the rasoalua to worlrk. A rolls aver am limb of oaii of tholaa aaroaalihag trimi out yoaler antil ort gallowe is athale " (.imia itairt.l ea r tit e vuraiidahit, followed hy tit anlaven i ailti, ait II?f tha lllslmlti. G'ar.nrat had aiast all thils whlile in In aganiy too alanaj fol' tears:. Noa te le Ina leald to her fleut andt rat t tihe aiithe of yonlatig IIa, heris cyoaa Ilahinala from hIn ' white lace, lalnd etr rhiti -al " Yiou anlal I tt haIng hi, Mr.l Gregory. Yea ahiall inot I " "' What InIadalry Inatmnhty I " aoored hier onomliiiy. "(Yoi hves knowtn him tlhrn or thfir laaya, aid alretuly hIt in your lover I " ''ht ,talden did nit lhasha but her pure ftaturun galaw very altern, aud she orled out In a pt?atoleoltto voles- "Have.you no humanity , Do you think, if you kill him, if you istain your haends with innocent blood, that I will ever hear to look at you again, you monster |" "That's enough I " yelled Gregory, infuri. ated. " Men, take him out I. When she: seesn him swinging, our young lady will discover who's master here. Out with him I " The seamen rushed toward Hetith. Garnet Palm placed herselfin lfront of him, and her baud flow to bhei' breast. " Stand bsack I " she commanded. " B3aok, all of you I " They paused, believing that she had a re. volver. She draw forth a knife which she had had secreted within her breast for dayes-a clasped dirk which she had found in the cabin of the yanoht, nrd had taken possession of, be. lieving that she might yet want it for pur poses of self.defeneo. She shook the knife open. Itse long, slender, deadly blade glittered in the light. "Afraid of a girl and a knife I" cried Gregory, sooffingly. "I'll hold her, boys. You take care of the young fellow 1" Garnet made a gesture, forbidding their advance. White and cold and stern, so might Joan of Aro have looked in the hour when she met her fate. Her eyes flashed like stars. Her manner appalled her ene mies. "Back l" she commanded. " If you come one step nearer me, any of you-if you lay hands upon my guardian's son-I'll drive this knife home-not in any of your vile hearts, but in my. own l" And they know that she meant what shbe said. She held the knife uplifted above her brave heart and awaited their advance. (o b e conti,,uedJs • 