"*'flfC 1.1(T1DF 'THE"AD ~ ' WATCHMAN. AN ADVENTURE ON NEW YBAR'S EVE. C 1(FzoM ruiGGxiraN). tl (ContinuedJ.) f "How' all on him ?" exclaimed the asmk. "Why, the Duke knows now that you, and I ,,nd she Bker-girl, " and the Frau. Mnr.h.l. were till in the plot to play on his superstition. Hen knows that you br it~ed Salmoni to play tI the conjurer. He knows that I in '-structed the B.ie, girl, with whom he was to love~ ro ent:ce him into the snaire; that I Cas the ghost who thr-w him down and thra shed him well. Oh I if I had only nort earied the thing so h far as 'that! Be" I did want to thump a ,.h.i;b love for the Lak,.r-girl out of him. It 'is' a cursed utffalr. I will take poiesn.:' 0 "You had better take a glass of wiihe.'"said Philip "' It is very good," al he added, helping himself again, and n taking with fresh appetite ano'hor piece Ii of tart. " First of all," Philip then "continued, "I must tell you openly, t d?earcolonel. that for an ofticer I find you very cowardly, to be ready directly. I for a foolish affatir like that, to shoot. e drown, poison, or hang yournelf. One a dose of either is too much. Secondly, n I must tell you, that out of your con fused talk, I don't even now understand - he business." "' 1. beg your pirdon, prince," said the colonel. " My head is turned. T'he attendant of the duke, an old friend of 'mine, confided to me this moment - , that the Frau Marshal, tempted by some evil spirit, ent to to the alke a \- short time since, antd said, 'Prince Julian arranged the comedy in the bhker's I house, because he we not willing you should marry his sister; I myself wats the wiibh you saw, sent by the princess , to be. a witness of your auprsrtition; . Prince Julian has the catalogue of your ,? dbts which you threw into the vault. out of which you were to aise trensute, and your hand to ennoble the Baker girl, and make her a cout.tees as soon as obu'were fairly married to the princess. And Colonel Kuld. the Prince's aiei.t ant, was the ghost who thrasihed you. This is why your marriga does not ')progress.' You need hlope no longer; :yon wait in vain. The murhal's wife :'told the duke all that, and then left him." : . .'ri Tlhee are fine doings !" said Philip. Sdi Why, the commonest people would hbe -:ashtmed of such practical jokes. Whait! -uo end of devilry ?" " No!" cried the colonel; " more . mad or low tItan the Fiau Marshal's behaviour, nothing could be. T'he . woman must be a fury. Oh, prince, save me!"'-= Where is the duke ?" 'asked Philip. .?'The attendant told me he rose up suddenly, only calling out, ' I go to tihe ..king 1' Only think, prince, if he goes 'to the king and tells our story his own way 1" *': "Is 'the king here; then ?" asked z. Philip. " Certainly," replied the colonel; he is playing cards in the next room with ,the archbishop and the minister of iiolice." Philip went through the room with long stride's. Here was a fine scrape I ,'"Save me, prince," said the negro "lYour own honour is at stake. It will be easy for you. I am prepared for everything, and on the first hint am off ,over. the border. 1 am going to pack .aimy things, and expect your oinmmands r as to my conduct at any moment." CHAPTEn VI. ?' It is time you iecame watchman again, Philip," said Philip to himself. " 2,otherwise you will get yourself and y .our substitute into such a fearful mess, "that neither his wit nor yours will be able to diag us out of it. Is this, then. all the difference between a watchman sad a prince? I would not lift a finger to make the exchange. Good Heavens ! what 'mad doings among the great of P'the earth under the canopy of state, of b-which we at our looms and flower. borders, with our spades and watch zpetn'p horns, little think. We fancy that the great and noble lead lives like ,angelh, without sin or care. Fine doings, certainly! II have had to repair more knayeriea here in a quarter of an hour than I have committed myself in enmy"whole life." \- " .So solitary, prince !" whispered ai voice behind him. " I reckon mtself ih?%6ppy;to meet your royal highness alone." Philip turned rodeid. It was a Miner, l?igold, silk, and jewels. ". What do you want?" said Philip. .. "Only a moment's gracious audience," -wal the reply. ' It in pressingt, andt the result perhaps will be agreeable to ' irour' royal hiihness." S ".May I ask who you are, mask ?" "Count Bottmlers., the finance minie "ter, at your royal tighness's earvice," .tnl~tUrned the miner, and raising his mask, he showld a countenance itselt S. like a mask, with its.copper nose and lirle eyes. S'*Now, itben, what are your cnm m nands, Herr O•unt ?" asked Philip, -WheD they found 'themtelves ailonae. * Mo. .... v y sopeak fre-ly?' enid the meskr " I have already, waited on your :vyal h;ghnese.stiree timoewitilout l*t6italinng the fsvor of :being a-dmitted. a.nd yet, HeAven is wittesa, no one in the whole Court tke. a., more lively .,interest in your royal highnens's wel. "I am very mucb'ohlired to you." ..-Mid Philip. -'" But tell me in a few words what you want." " M;ay I spoek of the firm of Abraham Livj't asked the miner. 'tAs much as you like,". replied ""' ellIthiar l;ouse, your royal highi. ed;s, hb .applied to me foi the filty 'tbousand floins you owe it, and thiwteine to apply? to .the king.. Andl n gou kiow" whet you protlised hise a njiesty when'ha coniantuded your lo~r , dlebts tobo paid." ?:, .... Philip. S"As little as the Brothers Gold schmidt can, wlo demand seventy-fivw thousand florins Irom your roy.l high. uesý." "It is all he Barnm to me,' said Philip. * If the telluws won't wait. I '" Take no desperate resolu'inne, gracious pritnce. I tm In a condition to put all to righls, il- " SIf wht ,' le"t,,inled Philip, (To be continued.) 