The Advertiser TUESDAY, JANUARY 2, 1877. LADY Burdett Coutts, who ranks among the most enlightened as well as the most generous of our modern philanthropists, has recently called attention to a matter jfchat deserves more than a passing consider ation. She contends that the law as.it is at present affords very inadequate protec tion to children who have the misfortune to belong to brutal parents, or to be under .the charge of legal #uardians of the same character. Magistrates are able to punish by various terms of imprisonment those who are convicted of acts of gross cruelty, but the moment the imprisonment is over the children are incontinently handed over again to those who have so signally abused their maternal authority. Few of us who have won mature life but have met with cases in which parental power has been em ployed to inflict almost daily torture upon children. Not one case in a hundred ever becomes known through the medium of a Court of law, but innumerable lives have been wrecked in sorrow and shame and sin through cruelty prepetrated in early years. The advantage of legal enactments extends far beyondthe persons to whom they .immediately apply. They not only punish the known offenders, they brand with infamy those who are guilty of similar practices, and restrain many others from giving rein to their wicked violence. The Baroness suggests that when once children have been proved to be subject to cruel treatment the offenders should, after such punishment as the law now affords, be placed under some fitting surveillance, so as to ensure to their helpless charges ade quate protection. A brutal parent, con victed and pnnished, would for a certain .period be regarded -somewhat in the same light <&a; the' modern ticket-oMeftve. He would know that the functionaries of the •law, whoever they might be, had him in their eye, and that any recurrence to cruelty would be attended at once by a greater punishment than before. There would be no£need of the charge sheet and the warrant. Swift and speedy retribution would follow. The conditions of parentage seem to be a little altered in these new countries. There is a lessening of the authority of both father and mother, the result of a too pre cocious independence on the part of the child. There is less danger that the con trol of the parent should degenerate into cruelty than there is in the old country, besides this, one of the chief causes of the crime, against which Lady Burdett Coutts launches her righteous indignation is the difficulty of maintaining a large family. Domestic love has but an ill soil on which to grow,' when, the utmost efforts of the breadwinner can scarcely find food for the children. This cause exists to a much leas degree in Australia than in England. Higher wages means- increased comfort, and comfort in the home is a most helpful auxiliary to family love.- fiat it'is to the crime of intemperance that by far the larger proportion of cases of parental cruelty are to be traced. Self-indulgence in any form brings with it moroseness of temper, and this peculiar form of self indulgence not only maddens for the time, but leads to the utmost malignity-of temper. This cause of cruelty to children exists, we fear, in a great degree in Australia, as well as In England, and demands the recognition of the law as much here as there. But there are grave questions involved in this matter, going down to the very roots of our social life. There is danger lest if the authority of the parent is interfered with the responsibility likewise should-be weakened. Sparta managed to rear her sons at the public cost and under public training; and they became, as we know from history, noble patriots did daring warriors. But the sterner virtues of the citizen were gained at the expense of the yet higher virtues of the man. Athens will live in the glory of her intellectual fame, when the story of Leonidas alone will rescue the memory of- Sparta from oblivion.' Modern Christian civilization aims at expanding the entire nature of man, adding to its culture a moral power which even Athens never knew. This can never be accomplished—it is the testimony of history' and experience—without investing the home with the highest sanctions. The family is the integer of the State, and all true statescraft proceeds on the recognition of that natural authority and influence which the "Father of families" has vested, in the father and mother. -Only in the last resort must the law step in to remedy domestic wrong, but when it does it should be with a gravity of penal action propor tioned to the offence. The unnatural crime of cruelty to childhood ought-to be punished as a sin against humanity itself Hence we think the Baroness is right in the demand she is making on our legisla tors. Conviction should carry with it a temporary suspension of the natural power of the parent, and the criminal be treated as a "suspect," until by proof of reforma tion he has shown that the sin has been put away. But the utmost care needs to be taken lest the responsibility of the parent for the maintenance and training of his child should be weakened or taken away. If, for example, the result of a conviction of cruelty were to be the removal of that child from the custody of its parent, and putting it under the tutelage of the state, what wickedness would be perpetrated by many in order to relieve themselves of -the burden of their offspring. The remedy would be worse than the disease. The remarks we have made will apply to . the Reformatories and Industrial Schools, which are to many a social reformer the panacea for every ill. Plenty of children there are towards whom the State is bound to act in the character of parent—children orphaned by death, and crime, and lunacy, and desertion. But it will be an HI day for the Empire when it gets to be gene- rally acknowledged that the Government is bound to step in to supply all that is lack- ing on the part of the parent. The respon- ability of the father ,especially should, in every case that is possible, be amply recognised and enforced. On him 'should fall the charge of maintenance, or a great part of it, when his child has become a juvenile offender. England has reaped a bitter and lasting harvest by the unwise philanthropy embodied in the poor laws of Queen Elizabeth. A very large proportion of the hereditary pauperism of the Empire is distinctly traceable to the right conferred upon all, even the able- bodied, to be sup ported by the State. If in any pseudo tenderness for children we proceed in the same direction, it will still farther ia tensify the evil sought to be cared. The 'rights, duties, and responsibilities of the home must be preserved intact. Pascal asserted that the majority of the evils of life resulted from man's being nn able to sit still in a room. Many of us may demur to the truth of this. Still it ia ap parent that a great deal of real inisery might be avoided in life by sometimes sitting stilt instead of acting. It is said to be one of ; the instinct? inherited from barbarous ages, always to act instead of to think. If we consider the conditions of life under whicb a savage people exist, we see the force-at this. Among the aboriginal tribes of these ; colonies, when in their native wilds, who : would be the type of a successful man? . Certainly lie who would be prompt "to snare an opossum and knock his enemy on the head. Extremes meet. It would almost Beem as if the. high ptea? ! sure of civilization, partially brought in ; back to the headstrong scramble -f or exisfc : ence of primitive savages. " Kings,? laid " Schopenhauer, on one occasion, "ought 1 not to say ?We,by thegraeeof God/ but 'We, the leaser of twoevila.'" That is* • ?MW SBm BWlf' OOCaHB' ? *•?? -— A a.. aWaaanaaf •*BBBBAsWfcawaf ar&av; saM*i?*f4M*iea,wh?K* at best baft <Mw*^ li—l ttm It i? ?ttac dificah *?a4feo??4k&*l ground, whit* Is ??• laaa^ these two-ta. !?****? tbai Bfthn?l SBam Bsfe €AB# fw?n^Sa??Sjfc of BpS)Gahv* 4hfcanafe4B?Vh?fc at* Ike atabaaai nniiur _|HiK •••* ?f *w*ht- "*?? man wbo vritoft If A* po?J of Brtaesda far 5J| *vlp*Xmk tomb*. another 4ASBB)Bth *HHi -fcns??s BBS, %?? A IMMMMmB eaavaahl BT tfcMght wifbMft a?? ta*. TkbkatrWrfj *e* the facan h? <c*>ril,?hfca IfeJavaeaw?tfie ofth* JaajjA- S^im. flj^,iakk-Jot?MlolDb ?W ?tSonata of the NiK* ?•**•:— ??fl walked a* ml ?•?? the bbbm place toMM "J tap, tbay (So—B) formed I aWaaS fen* mm MtMt assigns upon their cwafrj, oe I weald not do it, m bo me* ia hi* mmm wwda be gailty of wastta* Ha Ibjs, iiiMiriiimrtT" Bartoa •atse, te hat vHtfc oft Bciad*, pats oa *ajaaf tfcs) esJlaaale furmed by an Oriental fMia ?f aa B^U-h—a'? didifae to take an tl? worta of A*kt Bnhoail fbat Frank iatradfrin* jSwtelMa, if ft* ideas**, afc- fll? t? 1 miifi 11, faawai, k this habit of mill i - r -??-'!—? -?-??- Britoa that lav k aatari?Mty prone to ton even his ?nataMEto.t?to serious labor. ThtGtt — pVriJ^iyhil beer and coffee, under ???•£?* teeas ? public gardes*; the fta?attnteHiftuaipi ia tethntn; the fl—ibinaii. is the oaf*. Bat an English aaaW* tana of k&dayMnaldiig; seems to eon ibk, for Am most part, in bearing huge ?muni ii Ti 1 "i- -"- --"-—_ -n* doiait of dnat, angkr a faauing son. Woo- JaajM, truly, aw' tha inventions by iriihl people torn relaxation into fliwta/ri Bat we are all more or lass tbs store* of words. Hence, if ?aam toil hard and call it pfeanm, tfehaxdabiaof tl? primal eiiraeuronoaaced ?aA4MfcMifcfctooendaiifai seems to be CBaifillllj teat sight of Yetitiaunde avriaVtia?tbofidayaandhoonoftecmatio? a**j?iiltj ate, like other eodahle inatkn faasav bawaflraaf aeeordmg to tb? Tray in •vbjeb tk?yai?iitOJa?d. Plata aad Am< 4ati?? fai Aafe tkw wgardiag Bkaann,in 4b?k?iits befaaj • natontiTv to amtore. "rfclMilli." my* Kent, "is the foelingof tWfarthwancfi. pain of t&e; m-J—??- of W& Aasotd?ng to tltu naw, taere m : nacbjf* awn abaonaky th?i might at j fiat B%ht tfaev in the •drieegjncii by ?a-4aaAM?t pbjakiaa to an over- : mtei eaate. At ctegynun, wbow aacfp vaa fat tfc* ?aat-ead of Loaooa 4rtapltiMt tkaaakary of bk aariabianari ?al As anniik?H of knaamtf in geaeml anayai oa bk aund to mA an w?aat th* Jn?BoaU<Bft natter day nor ni^it. "Drink iMt wi ten witk tbe girii" was th> 4aator >* pnecriptMa. Orwrtaylfce tteery that akaj^n k lalaahk m m l—totalne to MMnnomet, it tdOawn Oat people in aaaVkf latnalhw aboabl not kjaon tba tbetomfa wbicb ft k bcneftcial depends OB ik> njajaaat of •stplai eoecgy they h?ve toaaaaad. Of oaane, nn the oaas of those wb?Mka*aapanaitof fintiaeatkms tba bMMoT bofily fatigaa aader the gake of taaiaatka teraM ntbar • wbolfttams ex -eidai tibtn utbemim In any case we taswtaat— •KaHitefanr mmmtj^h^h.^^.ym. _ Skanact aaaUtoaaMiMnt m ?• wmk.' Bat 4*aatlaai ejwumirH, who Etc like the lffie. of the Said, fora bats saull ' ?Jamifr atoaraaJt Thoas to whom ? Vi?nay k of any noportaaee an the wotbfs worman. Wnether, then, oar Aalfwock k?M?tel or pbyakal,it k apt -after kag eo?tianaaoe to aaraate a tread ?aaaaect "It k almost all one fora aMBv" ?y? Hobbc% ? to be ahrsya •enrible of ?aa and tba ccne thia?, and not to be ?wittlii at afl of anyfting." Thus we •ad tiaU, whea oormwliwi and Bnnoand 2afe tor name time wttetiy unexciting , BMBoto?aea, we fall into a state at 'Maj la wbkb we an hardly •eMaakaa akbex of activity or sensa. tfsaa. The ami k qakaeent, the feelings 4dM. P^cbokf?U tell ua that power at at the maxkama ander a fresh start of leaotaiedami* HenosHie tslbs of re lajaatioa in giving w man vivid degrees of COaanoaaa?av Ti k very questionable, kowaver, whether thk k effected when re lazatkmkaiadetoeoiHiet in great bodily Mkjj that it doss so very often is paa^ibytheaagukriy penitential aspect m ping tajjij BiiVmin wear when they awaalan??f home. WedonotnowaUode telaaj?ymaavwboenepbaniaai such an boar that they an miserably eonerioas a caitamkctaxskdie least Tetanbotioa thi fiattaabobkiaston. Onsnebtaeanagna?ors vivid degrees of conaaoosnesa •a, #sabcka> wsitiag. Tfcey an in good laafli ?afl wa 'need waste no further -wards or sympathy oa them here. We avwatmply refer to those wbo seek their hoases in the vxrtaoos light of day, and 4BTtoaaded by families. Yet they look aa as thoagb they bad been inter viewed by a debt eo?aetor, or reading an i?rr* ??'*?* comic paper. Then can be no doubt that this appeaianre of melancholy k the lenilt jof .wndnly excited energies. BaVafteraO,itvroald be hard to interfere widianyoae% iadmdaal ideas of amoae matt. TJ? heed baj** ideal of mortal BBttltj was,att?iag oaa stile to eatkan cakes. He eertalary had aa good a right to ehetkh hk awn ?*""**??* of hap^ aam as tiw maa who writes a grand . Whea wa tea fnat aafciie to ativato •bhbb ac mcsaali?a> we find cmi giam ?MMim it Ha) way o( esjoyiag rational i nlwmrs in a rational wanner.' In the latter tba dsmands of excessive *rpeodi ' tare are not on energy, but oa cash. No bsfiefs?emaawmdee^ rooted in theavenge fa?atine mind titan thai the expenditure ?f apoaay is the faadaaiftirtal requisite to •Q social whvaii?Bv Costly drees aad. viands aeags, indeed, in th* estimation of many, to be the sole eoastftwote of what they ate phased to call "good society.* fiasven save the markl That this Socially vicious notioa is more in herent to the British than Con tinental aatks? ia imrtmMhb. The diirf reason far this would seem to be the moaey- making faculty which the British have developed ?ar ia excess of other aataons. Then is, coasetaaatiy, aa ever inereasiag daas among aa whose oaly aim, whea they seek to eotortata their |ettow<-creaturce, ia to spend * certain amount of money. &bbw; furniture, and heavy jewellery, and iear wines life pro vided for the dalootataon of guests, is not the Bapfams?t fooa of aocial enjoyment attained P But the miai?isf does not test bete. There are no •mporioms yet opened where refinement, or sesthetic tastes, or aome measure of conversational powers may be bought ready-made. These, then, wbo, lacking these, give their best in the shape of material comforts, are not the fitting subjects of censure for deeming vulgar ostentation the highest office of social intercourse. The greatest offenders , are rather the people, who with definitely limited means feel bound to ape those who can get up baUs and patties—to borrow an auctioneering phrase— * regardless of ex- | pense." Nothing is so subversive of true j enjoyment as this most mischievous form of affectation. To it may he distinctly traced in many instances the reckless specu lations and embezzlements that ruin num berless lives and homes. It is a long time since the maxim that " the proper study of manlrinn* jg man " was enunciated. It ia rather oisheartening to considerhow little, on tbe whole, society seems to profit by the lessons that this study profitably pursued is cidcnlatpd to teach. Foremost among these is the truth, that social recreation, to be worthy of the name, is not comprised in spending money. In its best and highest form it is the result of cultivated intolli* geace, unaffected kindliness, aad the active exercise of the charity that covers a muM- | tade of sins. It is under such conditions that we may look for reunions, of which it might with truth be said:— " Than bmw wan sad, and few ware dull, Aad each one amid bis best. And beauty was most beautiful, With vanity at rest" It is not at all aa unusual thing to receive startling news by way of San Francisco, but the budget brought by the R^LS. Australia, and received by telegram from New Zealand, ia of a mote than ordinarily sensational character. The items from Aaasrica ***^ as of an inundation +J"?* swept away 1/M0 houses; of the falling of a floor of an Open House, by which a hundred persons were wounded and seven killed; and of the wrack of a vessel with the loss of all on board except the captain and the steward. The intelligence from Europe shows .that the Eastern difficulty was exciting very great interest, that it was assuming a definite ehape, aad tfa^ the Powers cxweeroed woe preparing for action. The telegram states that the tade of Russia, is in a state of collapse and bankruptcy. Bat the most sensational items in the budget are reserved tffl the hat. They inform us of over 25^000 persons losing their lives in India through a storm-wave, and of 120,000 in the same countey through acyekme. There are horrors enough in these few lines. The European telegrams, which we publish this morning, announce the death of Sir Titus Salt, a gentleman wlwee philanthropic labors and princely generosity bad given him a world-wide Came. From " Men of the Time" we extact the fofiowing par ticulars of bis career:— i Sir Titos Salt, Bart, of Saltaire, and of Crow- Hest, near Halifax, is the West Hiding of Yorkshire, is weU known as one of tike largest manufacturers and employers of labor in the arigkjMrJk?oa of Bradford; bang the head of the great fim of tttsara. Titos Baltfc do. The son of Mr. Daniel Salt, by Grace, daughter of the late Mr. base Smytiaoi of Moriey, he was born at tike Manor House in 1803, and educated !at WakeftekL After being for some years in business with his rattier, one of the I most extensive wool dealers in the West Biding, he set up for himself in a small way ia Ulrica-street, Bradford. In 1853 he removed to a spot on the banks of the Aire, above Ship ley, Where he erected such a palace of industry as England had never seen, with dwellings for the —ip?nfk. contiguous. After the erection of the works at Saltsire, which now cover nearly 90 acres of land, he pushed on the erec tion of street after street of houses, which con tain 834 dwellings, fitted up wife all the Sir Tita* Salt is a magistrate for the Borough of Bradford, sad for the West Biding of Yorkshire, and a Deputy- lieutenant for the latter. He has also served the office of Mayor of Bradford, and President of the Local Cham ber offOommetea. He aat ia the advanced ?beraTmtcreat as Mf. for Bradford from 1859 to 1861. Ia October, 1869, he was created a baronet. He married in 1831 Caroline, youngest daughter of Me George Whitton, of Great Grimsby, by whom fas has with other iasue a son and bear, Mr. William Henry *K, of Kkby Firth, l>ice?terahire. The gift of fIjQOO to feel Park, Bradford, of nearly £S£oo to the Bradford Fever Hos pital, of a wing to the Hull Orphan Asylum, andof£SjooOtotiieU|?asterlAaaticAssyluin, are inrtansw of Sir Titus fall's winsinlj gene rosity. A marble statue e€Bir Titus was placed in the centre of Bradford in 1874 as a memorial of the admiration and affection of the people of that town. One thousand guineas was paid for iha statue, and upwards of £I^oo was ex pended upon the canopy. The ceremony of imveiliag '.die statue Jwas performed by the Duke of Devonshire, August 1, 1874. 6r Monday's Adeertiaet we published telegrams announcing that the European Powers, represented at the Conference held with reference to the Eastern difficulty, had agreed to withdraw their Ambawmdorsrrom Constantinople onkaa the proposals of the j Conference were accepted by the Forte; but through a blunder in the Tele graph Office we were unable to state ttw satan of these proposals. A fteieg^am ooataimng this information was received, but was not sent on to us. We, however, poblkh the iaformation this monanfc. Tba fropossls are certainly naaonsble enoogfa. Ihsabstanoe they are, jtha* Bulgaria shall be divided into two proviiieea: Oat Boank and Henegovina phall be onfted; that three Christian Go vernors efaall be nomkated with th? ap nroval of the Powamc tbata mixed inter* batloDaloammianon, dsfar urot?ctod, shall aupervise the eacecntio?oi the reforms; and *that the Servian frontier sbaU be revised and Montenegroenkamd. Wearetoldtbat the Maxqnisof Balis&uy; bad iostnictions, jn the event of Urn Soltsn refuvng to. accept the proposals, to.leave Consfcuiti popfe, and to -withdraw tiie Britiah ft jet. 'A ater telegram, already puUi?hed, has reported that Hk fleet was leaving B^rika Bay, tft? aacaonge there having been foond to be unsafe. Was tins discovery intended to aasktlbe Stdtan in making tip hk mindP It would probably have that effect, and to this opportune discovery k no doubt lately to be attributed die fact that when the latest telegrams were dis spatched, the aspect of affairs was much more pacific than it had been just pre viously. The Concordia Band wOI play on the |?*tjr at Gleaelg flu? evening. George Webster, a laborer employed on llr. P?nfield'? bm at Penfield, met with an accident on Sunday, December 34. He was leading a horse to water when it kicked bin aeraelr in the ribs. He was admitted into ths Adelaide Hospital on Monday. It is stated in the Border Watch that arrangements have been made for two more anr veyara to asust in the survey of the railway line from Mount Gambier to Kivoli Bay. Mr. Jonathan Eogew, the Assistant-Engineer for the Bouth-East, is now about to take up his resi dence here again, and he will see there is now no unnecessary delay in carrying out the work. The result of the Melbourne Champion Baoe on Monday was looked for with great interest by many persons on the Morphettville Course, and arrangements had been made for having the news telegraphed there. It, however, did not arrive until after the races were con cluded. When we posted the announcement in the window of the Advertiser office that Pride of tiie Hills had won, loud cheers were given by the crowd of eager spectators, who rejoiced that a South Australian horse had earned off such honors. TheGoverntnentof Prussia hascompleted a curious enquiry. All the children in school on a certain day, 4,070,928 of them, were yrMffhwMi tod the color of their eyes and hair carefully registered. It was found that 42.67 per cent, had blue eyes and 2431 per cent, had brown eyes; while no less than 72 per cent, had blonde hair, 88 per cent, brown lair, and only 1.21 per cent, black hair. Only 6.58 per osat., again, are of brunette eomptaadon. In Bavaria the light-haired pro portion is much smaller, and tbeasvaas, there fore, finmndar that the dark complexion cornea from the South, which is in accordance with the general belief. In Southern Asia any color but Mack for the hair maybe said to be absolutely unknown; and light- colored eyes, though not unknown, are extremely rare. I* the color of the eyes in any way a protection against the in fluence of too much light? A under frightful circumstances happened at Ballarat Bast on Christmas morn ing. Die Star reports "that aa old couple named Krily had resided for some years in a ?mall hut in Canadian Gully, at the foot of the Bovereign-hilL "Rie wife, an old woman o! 80, was bedridde*, and her husband had at tended to her to the last six yean. At 9 j ffehtok in the aaomiag he lit his wife's pipe j •or her. and went to an hotel on (he^othersidA | of the hill to get some gin. ?>? remounting i tfae hill he saw bis house in flames, and before ; he eouHaummon help it was gutted. Xhebody ' of his unfortunate wife was found charred to a cinder. Constables Kilbride and Nolan were early on the spot, and helped to get the almost diabmcted husband to a place of refuge. An inquest on the body of the deceased, Ann Kelly, was held at fbe Hank-road Hotel on Boxing Pay, whenarerdtetof accidentally burned to death was returned. There can be no doubt that (he accident was caused by a spark from the demand womairt pipe falling upon her bed." On Monday morning, January 1, some fishermen on fee Semaphore jetty were startled by observing that a man who bad been standing on the north-west T-bead was in the water, head downwards, and was making no effort to save himself. They threw a lifebuoy and hailed the steamer Ceres, which sent a boat to the spot, but only the bat of the man was picked up. Soon afterwards the water polios arrived, and enuring all tlieinorninguseathedrag?overand about the spot where t£e man was last seen, but do success at first attended these efforte.for the water was not dear enough to see wben the body had drifted. As length search was made dose to tiie jetty frontage, and there the body was recovered shortly after mid-day. The body was removed by the police to Port Adelaide, where it was identified as that of a journeyman tuilorintheemployof Mr.T.Ballantyne. Messrs. Beed and Reynolds deserve credit for the man ner in which they exerted themselvesto??cc-ver the deceased from the water. An inquest is to he held at the Family Hotel, Port Adelaide, this morning. " A very curious case of arsenic poison ing," my* the GrafAic, " is reported from Paris. A .rich lady, residing in the Faubourg St. Honore, found herself growing very ill, and the doctor pronounced her to be suffering from some slow poison. Madame X. rejected this idea as absurd; but, on rising one morning, found a glass of water, which was usually placed by her bedside, to be discolored by a white filmy powder. On showing this to the doctor he at once declared it to be arsenic. All enquiries failed to detect the culprit, and Ohe next night madame filled the glass herself and kept careful watch that no one meddled with it. Neverthe less, in the morning the white powder again made its appearance, and the doctor was fairly at his wits'end to find the cause. Finally he discovered that his patient was in the habit o: reading in bed, and for that reason candles were kept burning all night in her room. Thesa candles, of a dazzling whiteness, bad been Btnuugly impregnated with arsenic during their bleaching process, and the arsenic, becoming volatilised by the combu?taon,thu? poisoned the air of the bedroom." The Southern Argus, a newspaper pub Ushed at Tass, in New South Wales, writea:— "It is admitted by all persons that the drought of 1876, between Taas andWagga Wagga, is far more severe on the aquatten than the one the district suffered in 1866. The general cry is that once Yass is passed there is neither grass nor water, and if the weather is the cause of these two great wantd being supplied to the squatter, the settleru and farmers must also feel the effect. The scarcity of natural food for animals even extends far beyond Wagga Wagga. Statjonholders at Warn and dif ferent parts of the Merool are at their wits' ends to know what to do with their stock. The greatest sufferer in the Taas district is Mr. James Bamsay. Some time since he bought a Station atOoopefs Creek with a view of sending bis cattle thane, but the drovers could not eves get near the place for want of water. He then \- bought a station at the Crackenback, in the ?toaaro district, and out of 1,600 head of cattle witb which he started back ior this new station be has lost from the want of water 600 head. The remaining XjOOO head have passed through Taw, and before they arrive at Mnrrnmntu man, ths superintendent fully expects to lose another hundred. This is only one instance of a heavy lost, but many mom could be referred to, and If the **^^£lT? l *' VS* 'longer period we magr'asp"* tohearofother ? Tha retirement from the New Zealand I Government of Sir Donald McLean i? an event -thatought not to be allowed to pass without notice," write* the Austndaitunt. "Bir Donald : McLean is not, indeed, as indispensable in the position of Native Minister as fee was some yeaisago. But it is in a very laxge degree to hk own valuable labors in the work of paoinaa tioa aod conciliation that the nost, which at one tune lie was the only man who conldfill, jcauhowbe occupied with oonqacativ?'easeby any one. The great effect of Sir Donald MelAan>sr?xertioo?'.in menacing the dangers 'once ?moria.tftrt with tha difficulty is, that he baa at the amme time effaced the imnorhutce of his position and lessened the value of bis future servioes. ' But it would be to entertain a very low opinion of the New Zealand community to suppose that the past services of Sir Donald McLean are likely to be readily forgotten. When the colony was struggling with the difficulties and bur dens and perUs of a painful war, it was by him more than any other person that the evils of the war were mitigated and restricted, and that the way to peace and amity was smoothed and facilitated. The impression of the policy of justice which Sir Donald McLean strictly adhered to in the dealings of the Government with the natives has been a wholesome one to both raoas, and has enabled them to live peaceably side by side as tiny do to-day, with a full relianoe on the appeal to law as adequate to the settlement of all-their differences. It is matter of regret that Sir Donald McLean's retirement from a position in which he has so hmg and ably served his country is due to ill health. The highest tribute to his past labors is found in the fact that he can now leave without serious loss to the colony a post which in a time of great emergency it was generally felt eould not with safety be confided to any one else." 1 The final performance of the Lo-Lo Com bination Troupe was given at White's Booms jon Monday evening. A large audience testi fied their approval in a very hearty manner. Madame Lo-Lo thanked the public for the grati fying patronage which she and her company bad received during their visit to Adelaide. There was a splendid attendance at the Theatre Boyal on Monday evening, it was in fact iiu best house of the season. The pro gramme was gone through successfully, and the plaudits were frequent. Dr. Silvester will take ius benefit on Wednesday evening, when there is no doubt he will have what he richly de serves—a crowded attendance. An excellent programme has been provided. A version of "Aurora Floyd," dramatised by Sir Julius Vogel, has lately been placed on the Wellington stage. The Wellington Argus states that ia 1863 Sir Julius Vogel drama tised Miss Braddon's then recently- published novel of "Lady Audley's Secret" for Messrs. Bolt and Wofie, the lessees of the Princess Theatre, Dnnedin, and it enjoyed a successful run, and was afterwards played with great success elsewhere. ? There was a very huge attendance at the : BeUrmgen' entertainment at the Town Hall on Monday evening. The programme, which was Very lengthy, was well carried out. The Bell ringers, who played a number of popular tones | with vwfl**** effect, were heartuy applauded j and repeatedly encored by an appreciative audi-. ence. The songs and dances of Mr. A. Verten : were well received, and that gentleman was I obliged to respond to several imperative en- : cores. The entertainment concluded with the ! farce, " Mr. Johnson in want of a Coachman." in which a ghost was introduced, and consider ably amused' the spectator*. To-night is Simounoed as the last appearance of ti?JXroupe in Adelaide. HUEioeUeacy the Governor and Lady linsgrave ase to be present, and a first class programme has been prepared-tn honor of the occasion. We are requested ?o mention that tickets may be obtained and' scats secured attheTown?silihu?fteraoon. As it may be aome time before the Troupe again visit this partof the world, all who wash So see and bear I the Messrs. Lynch sad tt*r able coadjutors ? should embrace this opportunity. i 