MISCELLANEOUS, Worry and its Physical Effects. (From the Scientific Amlerican.) Tosoevery-day and conimon a state of mind as worry, ranging, as it may, from a passing " fit of the blues" to the most poignant miental anxiety regarding life itself, little importance is popularly attached; and especially among so exceptionally ner vous and rapid a people as the Americans, the fact of a person succumbing under mental strain is of too ordinary occurrence to give rise to extended comment. To the list of the insane immured in asylums and brought thither through hereditary or by theirown excesses, thousands are added suf feringwith broken minds induced by anxi ety; but the great majority of people thus affected continue in their places in society, by no means lunatics, nor maniacs, nlor idiots, but nevertheless of brain unsound in parts. The world sometimes dubs them, and, if they be so distinguished," eccentric," their odd habits, absence of mind, and like traits furnish rich material for the bio. grapher; in other cases the eccentricities become crimes, andindiscriminating justice may declare the life forfeited because of the workings of hidden faculties, uncontrol lable, because disorganised. During the early stages of dimentia induced by mental anxiety, Dr. Richardson tells us in his "Diseases of Modern Life," there is nothing more than an increased tension of the minute vessels which supply the brain. In latter stages, the substance of the nervous tissue itself undergoes a modification by which its activity is per manently lost. These are thephysiological consequences, most briefly summed up. The first symtom is a want of full bodily vigour; then follows craving for more work, disturbed sleep, acute sensitiveness to external impressions, and, finally, strange -figures and sounds are seen and heard. This condition may continue for years, and the sufferer may begin to accept abnormal creations as natural. Dr. Richardson cites a case of a merchant who for a week . retained in his vision the spectre of three lights, oval in shape, of the size of an egg, and so clearly defined to the observer that he would watch them half-consciously as they floated before him on the wall the 'ceiling, orin space. In this stage of the disease lies the foundation of all hypothe ses of ghost seeing, of ecstatic visions, and even of poetic frenzy. It is a well-known fact that we have two n atures- one purely organic or emotional, the other subject to the reasoning powers. The organic nervous, chain exists in the body as a link between emotional mental acts and vascular supply. An impression from without, made through the organs of the senses upon the emotional centres, is reflected directly from them to the vascular expence. The part flushes or blanches, and the heart hesitates, palpitates, rebounds, or Sintermits; so that these centres, excited by anexiety, or grief, or jo30y, or sorrow, influ ence the waves of blood passing through thesystem, and the brain promptly feels 0.the imperfect regulation of supply. Under varying tensions of the vessels there are Sflashes, chills, coldness of the extremities, .rand-other oppressive symptoms, while in addition appear the distressing ringing or hammering sounds in the head. These sounds are arterial murmurs, vibrations of thg blood which press with each impulse of the heart on the bony surroundings of the relaxed carotid canal, situated at the base of the skull. The canal is in direct con usotion, by solid conducting substance, with the organs of hearing, and thus the faintest vibrationis detected. The sound produced, when it is sudden and unexpected, as in moments of fear, is occasionally mistaken for a sound proceeding from without with no obvious cause. At this point, if the mental powers he alloWd rest, and the fountains of care be closdd, recoverymay take pine ; but if the over-strain continue, the disease assumes 'still graver form. There is the maddening desire for work, more work, coupled with . the sad sensation that the physical powers are failing; and then there are lapses of mnemory. The man of buisness forgets important details, he is irritable, distrusts everybody and himself most, makes mistakes and yet persists in accumulating more work on hlimself. The poet and novelist become over- sentimental and morbid; the man troubled with remorse for guilt confesses his crime, or commits suicide. The downward course is rapid; in one case epilepsoy occurs, in another paralysis, and a third developes some hereditary malady like cancer. The brain becomes disorganised, the balance is broken, andanarchy succeeds to what was once order. The majority, escapiing these special ends, become prematurely old, and sink helplessly into death. In every brain, in fact, there is set up primuitivel) a kingly force, to which all other forces bend. The king maybe good or bad, he play be an hereditary king or a usurper, but he holds the balance ; kill the kIing, and, in ninety-nine cases out of a hundred, the kingdom is made choase and dark night. .Do the best you can, whatevor you under take; if you are only a strcetl.wceper, Iwpep your very best, 