RAPE GOOD LUCK: ? A FORTUNE IN SEVEN STROKES. . BY R. E. FRANC ELLON", STROKE THE SECOND. JOHN MORRISON'S 'NATUS. : ]I— Continued. | Arthur shuddered at his escape, but still felt rather ashamed of his adventure. He did not-.' like the thought of having it told about that Mr. Arthur Fenning, of Millwood, had bsen found in so ignominious a "position, and still thought it better to pass of for one who was less worth robbing than so rich a man. ; " Im sure I'm very much obliged to you. We Wandering painters are rather apt to lose our Way. Can you put me on the road to Roxton ?" : "And glad—and please excuse me, Sir, for thinking you was Tom Cobble. Not but what he's a good fellow, but still I know a man don't like to be called a fool, except by his friends jhat know him. Not but what I was a bit - of a fool myself. I never thought the hares were to have such a holiday to-night as this blessed seafog has given 'em. But't will lift at moonrise —and if it don't, I know my way on Deadman's No8e, bless you, as well as I know the. bay—a bit better, may-be. And there, Sir, she's lifting how." I And, almost as quickly as the mist had come, it was gone, and a sea of white moonlight flooded the hill. ' Arthur Fenning looked at his guide, and, as instantaneously as the mist, every ghost of a suspicion left him. He saw a fine-looking young fisherman, as tall as himself and with broader shoulders, with a good-humoured face and grey eyes, of which the quickness and sharpness were only surpassed by their frankness and honesty— even simplicity. He was one of those men whom to see is to trust at once, and implicitly. Poacher or not, he was a fine fellow and an honest man. What the fisherman saw we know —so far as Arthur's singular and southern beauty can be suggested by a bare mention of a mouth and eyes. " Tou've been scratched a bit, Sir, I see," said the fisherman with a frankly courteous manner, throwing in the " Sir" as a matter of course, but not otherwise showing that he recognised any distinction of rank between man and man. " And your clothes are sadly torn—and I see you're a bit sprained. You lean on me—our cottage ain't far now—and that's by the Roxton road—and if you'd like to step in and rest a bit before going on, you'll be welcome. I can give you a chair any way; and I won't say but what there mayn't be a drop of something better than water." Arthur still chose to preserve hii incognita, partly out of dignity, partly that he might amuse himself—now that he felt himself safe in the broad light, and in lionest hands—by playing the part of the Caliph Haroun AlrascMd to this simple-looking young fisherman. " Ah!—I suppose you Whitbeach fishers catch something else than mackerel—hares when there's a moon, and that something better than water when there's none ?" "Well, Sir—a man must live and a woman too these bad times. I don't see much harm in snaring a hare that nobody else wants to eat, nor in running a drop of brandy—that somebody does want to drink; and any way life's but a poor tale without a bit of fun ?" " And I see you have got your moonlight fishing-line—I mean your gun ?" " Ay, Sir. And a wonderful lucky gun the old lady is too. Fm not fit to hold a caudle to Tom Cobble in the way of being a shot, and yet you wouldn't think it to look at her, she's got a knack of bringing down three hares to his one. Pve got all the luck of it, Sir—I always do."' " Which do you like best — smuggling or poaching ?" " Well, Sir, I don't know—they're better than nothing; but there aren't so much fun in either i f them now-a-days. What with Captain Davis, the preventive that never looks after the bay, and the Squire up at Millwood, that never looks : fter his hares no more than he does after his own tenants, there's no chance of the smallest bit cf a fight neither afloat nor ashore. One might well nigh as well go a-fishing, if it wasn't for the name of the thing." " But isn't there a keeper ? A gentleman doesn't usually take care of his own game." " Tom Raines ? Oh yes, Sir, there's a keeper. But 'tis my opinion, as old Peter says, that a man must serve himself if he wants to have good servants—and like master like man. If the Squire doesn't care about his own hares, why should Tom Raines, I should like to know? But he's a downright good fellow is Tom, and don't grudge a poor fellow his Sunday dinner. So when lie meets me with something under my jacket, he looks another way—and when it ? s moonlight on Deadman's Nose, he goes to bed early." " Ah! You seem to be all good fellows at Whitbeach " Most of us, Sir—no thanks to the Squire. We're about as good as you'd look for, with a landlord that spends all his money on himself, and never comes near the place it's his duty to lock after. If I was Squire at Millwood there'd be no poaching, nor smuggling, and good honest fishermen like old Peter Cobble wouldn't go to the wall. The place is going to rot, Sir, under his very nose—leastways under where his very nose ought to be, and that's nigher here than Fiance any way. And as for the young Squire —but then, poor young chap, he's not an Englishman, so he can't be expected to know better. Yes, Sir, we're about as good as can be lcoked for." The note of bitterness was hardly to be caught in a voice so full of energetic good will. The young fisherman was evidently capable of caring very much indeed for things and people outside himself; and Arthur Fenning felt a touch of unconscious envy. " You were right," he said, " when you called yourself a lucky man. But you are the first I ever heard call himself so." " Indeed I am, Sir! I believe I'm just the luckiest fellow alive. Nothing happens to me tut what turns out well. When I was a little chap, not that high, I tumbled oft" Deadman's Nose—you'd have broke your neck, Sir; but I tumbled safe and sound among the best and kindest people that ever were. Then, Sir, I'd the luck to be took notice of by Dr. Redmond of Roxton—and he is a gentleman; no more like the Squire than you are—and so Fve the luck to read and write, and that's more than you'll look for in a Whitbeach fisher, though Fm trying to teach some of the little 'uns—uncommon dull they are too. And then, when father died, there was I, with the luck to take care of them that took care of me. And when the times got worse, and there was that bad season —there was Captain Davis that didn't look after the Bay, and a Squire that didn't look after the HilL My mother'don't know it, i Sir, and poor father couldn't bear a smuggler; ' but I can't help that—I don't care about my good name so long as mother don't starve. And I never aim at a hare but what the old gun hits her, nor steer a cargo but what comes in safe and sound—my luck aboard '11 over-match a dead wind oflt shore. And then, Sir " "Well?" " Well, Sir, just that Fm going to have the best wife in the world, and that's the rarest bit of luck of all." He did not blush, for he was clearly not ashamed. " But here we are, Sir— that's Whitbeach, and there's our cottage, and that's the Roxton road. We shall all be pleased, Sir, if you'll step in and rest before you go on." The rough cottage, with the candle-light shining through the lattice, was a welcome sight, for Arthur wanted rest and refreshment badly. The adventure was turning out better than was at one time to be expected, and he looked forward with some kindly pleasure to seeing the self-accused poacher's face when he learned whom he had been entertaining unawares. But no sooner had he entered the cottage kitchen than he became painfully conscious of his scratched face, dripping hair, and torn clothes. After all, blase man of the world as he thought himself, he was not yet one-and-twenty. And all at once he had walked straight from discomfort and danger into the sudden and undreamedof presence of the prettiest girl whom he had ever seen—and he had seen many, in every rank and every style. We see her, of course, with his eyes; and they were made to see intensely. Perhaps, had he met her in a drawing-room with other girls and under ordinary circumstances, he would have been leas struck by her. But, as things "were, there was a romance about , the whole situation, while his mind was always ready ta magnify what his eyes only saw. Here was the heir of the manor, lost on a dark and dangerous night, and seeking shelter in a smuggler's cottage—a prince in disguise wandering abput his jbwn kingdom in. search of .adventure. Of course puch a story must have a heroine, and of course she must be beautiful. He was much too wet. }and weaiy even to. think about feeliag blase any? "longer, and his natural freshness of fancy fotuid i |a long- Jorgotten piquancy in the . very homeli- , jtess of .tMs jewel's setting. He had all at once wandered into a new world. , Apart from all this, she was really a pretty girl whom he saw sewing in the :chimney-corner with the glow of firelight upon her fair face and brown hair. She was not dressed so picturesquely as the peasants.^ with .whom he was familiar abroad, but by right of his own dark complexion he had a preference for fair beauty, and fair beauty is seldom found in picturesque clothes. She and an elderly woman curtseyed as he, came in; and he thought: her figure as graceful £ts her face was fair. " Here's a gentleman, mother," said the fisherman, " that's lost his way on Deadman's Nose, and wants to sit down a bit before he goes on. to Roxton. I dare say you can.give him something to eat and drink, if he's hungry enough for Whitbeach pot-lack; and then when your rested, Sir, ril put you in your, road." : The two women, old and young, looked shy at the sight of a stranger; and their shyness seemed to communicate itself to the young man of the woirld. He would have felt at home in a hut on the Apennines, • but the peasants on his own estate were utter strangers to him—he could not guess their thoughts, or what to say- to them. He said a few words of thanks as pleasantly as he could and sat down, while the elderwoman began to bustle about and busy herself with crockery, and the girl, with a shy blush still npon Her face, resumed her sewing in the > corner. The young-fisherman hung up his gufi r " and sat down just behind the girl's shoulder. It did not seem the way of a Whitbeach lover to be ashamed of his wooing; it was plain that it was she who was to be thei best wife in the world for this" favourite of fortune, who took a pride in displaying his crowning piece of luck— and no wonder, thought Arthur.. .The whole atmosphere of the cottage room was silent, like that of a: picture, nor did it any longer occur to him that he need . trouble himself to make conversation. It was. a home scene, such &s; he had never seen out of a Dutch painting. The rough and coarse surroundings of the girl made her look like a queen; and Arthur's soul began to revolt at the thought that so much grace and beauty was only born to "be hidden in' a hole like Whitbeach, and ;to be thrown away upon a common fisTierman. : The thought almost touched npon envy, seeing that the girl could be nothing to bim, and npon ingratitude' to the fisherman"; but he was already beginning to fed- thit it might be worth while to spend one's life in toil and poverty for the sake of sitting where the young fisherman sat now. Love at first sight— to use the common, phrase for what must by its nature be half an insult to a woman, however far it may be a compliment to her beauty at the expense of herself—is easy enough to a soul that looks out from such deeply passionate eyes as Arthur Fenning's. His eyes and their thoughts were too busy for him to notice the delicacy which kept the .fisherman from troubling a stranger with questions and left a tired man to rest in the silence that seemed best to please him. Arthur, who never formed a wish that he thought wrong, because he thought it impossible that any wish of his could possibly be wrong, only looked and feasted his eyes in a lazy dream, in which the fisherman, whom he had been ready to admire as a fine specimen of an unknown class, degenerated into a blot and a blur upon the romance that was forming in the air. All this must have lasted for a longer time than he knew; it was the fisherman who said at last:— " If you're rested now, Sir, I'll show you the road—not that we want to hurry you, Fm sure, but Fve got to be at the Fenning Arms. All right, mother—I'm not going to be in any mischief to-night: never you fear." Arthur Fenning started from his dream. " All right," he said, " Fm quite ready now. And thank you kindly for your hospitality. You're quite right in saying that they're all good fellows in Whitbeach, if they're like you." He had not made any approach towards making the girl's acquaintance, nor did he begin now. He contented himself with hearing her say. " Good night, Sir," in a voice that seemed to have a' winning smile in it, and followed the fisherman through the door. " What's your name, my man he asked, as they entered the road. " Fortunatus Morrison's my name. Sir—and my nature, too; 'tis French, or something for Lucky, the Doctor at Ruxtou tells me. But John Morrison's 'Natus is what Fm mostly called: and good reason why." " Well, I hope we shall be better acquainted before long. And l-.ow. as you've told me your EI'.me, it's but fair that I should tell you mine. It is Arthur Fenning." " What—the young Squire ! Well, that is a rare bit of good luck, to be sure—that you've come among us at last, anyhow. And 'twas lucky I didn't know you, or I mightn't have had the luck to give you a bit of my mind—you mustn't.ask me to ask pardon for that, Sir, be- cause it's true." " True—but what do you expect me to say to Captain Davis about your fishing when there's no moon—and to my uncle about your fishiug where there's no sea ?" " Oh, Sir, Fm not afraid of a gentleman. I know what a gentleman is. Sir, for Fve known Dr. Redmond, of Roxton, not to speak of my father, that's dead and gone—and that's a man that don't- tell' tales when they don't come to him fair. I never told the young Squire, so I don't fear his telling what he never heard. And about Tom Raines, Sir- -don't you think anything of what I said about Tom Raines. He's sharp enough, only Fm a bit sharper, that's all— and what can a man do when his master don't take a bit of heed whether he does his duty or no ? He's a first-rate servant. Sir, to do his duty at all—and if the Squire was a better master, the hares'd be as safe as Tom Raines could make 'em. Its hard lines for a keeper with a master that don't care, and against a poacher that's as lucky as the day's long. You won't think anything of that, will you, Sir " So little that—well, you are a good fellow. You're quite right; I ought to look after things better, and I will. But it seems that I must have better instruction than Tom Raines can give me. Meet me here to-morrow morning at eleven; Fll bring the dogs—if I can find them —and we'll see if I can't shoot against your lucky gun better than your friend Mr. Thonris Cobble. Can you shoot by daylight ?" lie asked with a pleasant smile, that for the moment brought his lips and his eyes into full harmony, and holding out a piece of gold. But 'Natus Morrison held back his hand. " Thank you kindly, Sir; but 'tis not Whitbeach manners to take money we've not earned. Fve but put you into a high road, and that aren't worth saying thank you. I'd rather not, Sir, if you please. We don't keep an inn." " YouH meet me to-morrow at eleven, then ?" " And glad, Sir." " Good night. By the way, what is the future Mrs. Morrison's name ?" "Esther Morrison, Sir. We've been like brother and sister all our days. I call Mrs. Morrison mother, you see, but she's Hetty's mother; not but what she's been mine too." " Good night. I won't keep you from the Fenning Arms. At eleven to-morrow." "Good night, Sir." Arthur Fenning went back to Millwood with something new in his heart; 'Natus Morrison went back to the cottage. " Hetty," he exclaimed, " what do you think —that was the young Squire! What do vou think of him?" . " I think his face was scratched very bad, indeed," said Hetty, with a smile. But—are you really going out again ? Fm afraid mother's getting to near what you do, when you go the Fenning Arms." " I can't help it, Hetty, dear. She must be kept somehow; and I cant stay ashore like a sneak when the bread of half the town hangs on the brandy. The lads want my luck, and they're welcome. But who knows ? May-be, now the young Squire's turned out such a good fellow, things 11 change." 