"HAVE YOU SEEN THE GHOST?" V»5i2daiaitie has a real ghovt." in wlicb super natural «\oni(2r our contemporary the MaL has a half- conoe&led; belief Tkis L? what tliat joarnal says of the facto : — " The geutlets&u; whe saw the appari tion is not a 'crazy piritaaii?t.' fie is a devout man. according to the strictest sect of orthodoxy, who holds spiritism ud its surronndings in holy horror and wholesome contempt, but, to use his own phrase, Seeing is believing. The gentlemaa has no objctin to bis name bring known. He Is Mr Teal, of the pot- office. The locality is a vQla se&r; the lied White and Blue store, in Oovetoa street, Wad tbe oceaaon was the wight of the 1st of January. Mr Teal, on approaching ids house, saw then his sii ting-roam brilliantly lighted up, somewhat to his astonishment, as he was not feaeiing bis friends that nigh&. He looked from the outside through the por tion of tbe window which was nndr&ped; by blind or curtain, aad there eaw the 4 apparition,' although be did not at tbe time regard it to be snch. He saw emerge from a corner of tbe room- into which there was no egress, and which was occapied by a table, the figure of a young man. 1 pale as a ghost, and pensive, it moved to and fro. and the owner of tbe boose w«s aide to carefully observe tbe dress and features Mr Teal then per ceiving that his viritor was alone, hastened to let him self into the house, and as he got inside he immediately opened the door of the room in question, when, to his i astonishment, all was dark All tbe inmates were at that time in bed and asleep, and there was no means of sudden egress for an o-iiiriieir- visitor. Be pro cured a lamp, and cutde .search everywhere, even to the extant of looking up the chimneys, but no in truder or trace of intruder could be found fie is posi tive there could be no trick as is suggested; he was in perfect mental and physical health at the time, and he says thai Iris mind was not in anywise occupied wiili aey thoughts which would lead to his imagining be saw th -thing which certainly he says he did see. But tbe wonder dues not end here. Next night, after he had retired to rest, the whole house was disturbed by knocfcmgs on the walle. He rose and made most careful search, butb outside and inside, but found .petLing that could in the faintest degree account for the phenomena. So real did the latter ! hecueae, that. aUhoogh circumstancee compel the family to live there by day for the present, they all take their departure directly the witching hour t-f night comes, not having auy desire for ghostly company. Mr Teat did not know before, but he has learned sinoe, that the locality was associated with strange pheuomena before. It is said that upon one occaahm a previous inmate frit tbe bed on which himself and his wife lay floating in tbe air. He had tbe pretence of miud. so goes the story, to wet the paper of the wall with finder moistened with ealiva, and lo! in lhe morning the marks were found to be riose up to tlie cri-iug. 