Laying the Foundation Stone of Ardrossan Wesleyan Church. On Wednesday. September 12. the cere- mony indicated above took place in the de- lightfully-situated little settlement on the western shore of St. Vincent's Gulf, which has only recently come into occupation under the name of Ardrossan. Settlement has proceeded at a surprisingly rapid rate within the last twelve months in that !ocality, there having been erected within that time a fine mill by Mr. Freeman (to which we make reference elsewhere) several stores, including one by Mr. A. Waterman (of Maitland and Port Victoria), one by Messrs. Davies and Henderson, and besides a store belongjng to Mr Rowe. a wheat-store by Mr. Darling ; a fine hotel by Mr. Smith : and several neat private residences, occupied by tradesmen. In the surounding country the land (only brought, into the market some nine months ago) has been very extensively occupied, there being quite a small colony of farmers from the Gawler district,, and they, by the force of old associations are led to call the scene of their agricultural operations "New Gawler.'' But to proceed with our purpose of describing the cerernony : first, the site is a sloping flank of the range, which lies about a mile and a-half from the coast and which shelters the young township from westerly winds somewhat. The aspect is excellent. The list of Church membership being large, the Trustees have felt impelled to make, the building of such a sufficient size in the outlet as to avoid any necessity for enlargement in the course of another year or two. The dimensions interiorly, according to the plan are as follow :— 45 feet long by 28 feet wide, with a height, to the wall-plate of 18 feet, and a gable-pitch of 15 feet. The building is to be ceiled, and the windows (of which there me to be four on either side and two in front) will be Gothic-headed. as will also be the entrance door. The structure will have brick quoins, and the masonry will be of the local stone, which is of excellent quality. The contract for the mason- work has been given to Mr. Joseph Rogers, of Adelaide, and that, for the carpenter's work has been taken by Mr. D. J. Breynard. of Ardrossan. The ceremony was fixed to have taken place at two o'clock, but the delayed arrival of the steamer Amy (by which vessel the Rev. J. Y. Simpson, of Gawler, was expected), and the occurrence of several smart showers of rain, caused the postponement until a later hour. Then, the weather clearing, the inhabitants and visitors mustered pretty strongly. and the stone was "well and truly" laid "in the name of the Father, son, and Holy Ghost.'" by the lady of Mr. Parker Bowman, a well-known and highly-respected resident at Parara, the Rev. R. Kelly conducting the service usual to such occasions. and Mr. Derrington assisting. There were enclosed in a small glass vessel several documents, comprising copies of the S. A. Advertiser, the Y. P. Advertiser, a programme of the proceedings of the day, and a record of the laying of the foundation- stone, written in the following terms:— "Ardrossan Wesleyan Church. Foundation Stone laid on September 12th 1877. by Mrs. Parker Bowman (of Parara). Sovereign of England—Victoria I ; Governor (acting) of South Australia— S. J. Way, Esq. President of the S. A. Wesleyan Conference— Rev Samuel Knight. Chairman of the Yorke's Peninsula District — Rev. Thomas Lloyd. Superintendant of Maitland Circuit— Rev. Robert Kelly. Trustees of the property— Samuel Knight, George Webb. William Doble Tiemenen, William Dobinson, Parker Bowman, George J. W. Freeman, William Allison, Elijah Lodge, Thomas Gordon, John Rowe, Benjamin Pavy. Except the Lord build the house, they labor in vain that build it.' Psalm cxxvii—1. 'Heaven and earth shall pass away, but my words shall not pass away.' Matt.xxiv—35. ' Glory be to the Father, to the Son, and to the Holy Ghost : as it was in the beginning is now, and ever shall be, world without end. Amen.' Contributions to Ihe Building Fund were placed upon the stone, and the assembly adjourned to the Mill, which had been very kindly placed at the disposal of the Trustees for the purpose of a tea-meeting and subsequent. lecture, Here the tables were laid out with all the proverbial abundance and pleasant refinements known to hospitable ladies, nor were there wanting a sufficiency of flowers with which to deck the tables. We supposethat somewhere about a hundred guests partook of the refreshments ; and then a clearance was made for the accommodation of a full audience to listen to the lecture on "Crotchetty Grumblers." by the Rev. Mr. Simpson. Mr. DERRINGTON presided, and the proceedings were opened in the ordinary manner. The lecturer occupied the attention of his audience most fully by a graphic treatment of his subject, in the style which has earned for him considerable popularity. He divided it info two parts, and in the interval some music was given, Mrs. Waterman presiding at the harmonium, and Mrs. Tiddy singing very sweetly "Many Happy Returns of the Day." and "Fading away." A collection was taken up, and promises of contributions in labor and money were given; and the usual votes of thanks having been passed by acclamation (including a special mention of Mr. Freeman's kindness in allowing the use of his mill), the proceedings ; were brought to a close. 