MENDILSSOHN'S : ORATORIO ,OF. '. ST. PAUL.', :.. n Thepoppularity? of, Mondelssohn's frst f oratorio`" St.' Paul"-' has 'boon of slow growth, yet the work bids fair to become as attractive' a the "Elijah." ''At a late Birmingham festival "St. Paul"'was given at the concluding. evening's con cort i't presenco of. ono of ;tho: largest 1 audionces over knowsi there.' 'It is a sub liio work,' and of' a strictly: devotional a character:· through0oit. ::, It has mnot the t sudden ohanges of the" "Elijah," 'noi tlio i massive grandeur of the "Messiah ;" but ' the historic chatractors deleioted-orivet the attention. First we have Stephon por soonted by the zealot Saul, through whose t instromentalityind the suborning of false' t witnessos he -is condemned to be stoned 5 to 'deaith.' Saul is soonhby tho hblp'of . God shown the error, of , his .ways, and I being converted takes the' nams of Paul, and raises the ire of the Hebrews against f himself, who cry "stone him to death," but he flies from them, and is soon no more in that part.' In the oeeioing chorus 11 of thoework, - "Lord, thou alone art f God," we have a dignified and devotional E key to the subject of-the oratorio; this a is followed by a chorale on the sameo themeo,." To God;onhigh;". very` piano.' Marks of expression 'througliouti the workuinost be religiously'observed, or its j many beauties will bb lost.: The.two pro coding numbers are givoi as the voices of, the suffering-Chrlstians ; in'tho next num: t bher wohave Saulsuborning: falsowitnesoses who' declare i-they have heard Stephen t blasphlme . 'against their ; holy places., Stephen beingbrought beforothee Ogunoi and questioned by theo High:Priest; roe proves his judges for having rejected the true faith in a grand recitative solo, " Mon,-brethren,; and fathors,?' which is a calm appeal to them not to resist any' longer the. Holy Ghost,' which only in furiates them, who in their.wrath'exclaim " Tiakoe him away, 'he " shall perish.'.' .Tn the next number we have-, a beautiful soprano solo "Jerusalem, thou that killest the prophets."'' The Hebrows, clamorous 1 for'Stoplepn's destruction,' shorit '" Stne hi, todeath " In thes tonor' recitative " And they stoned him, and h'lo knooled. dodn, nid' corioia alopd-.'-Lord lay not this sin to their: charge ;. Lord- Jesus; receive my spirit ;' and when-he hadsaid this .he fell. aaloo "jtogelther with thee chorale following, To Thee, 0 Lord, I yield my spirit, flniishingyitli the chorus "Hppy and blest are they who have on dured,.' we have' some of 'the most bonu tiful and tendr, pasesages to be. mot` witli in any ot the oratorios. Saul who is pre sent at Stephen's 'martyrdom and' takes part in it continues his porooeutign, and galls'bi` the Lord Jeohvnahl iii a' fite bass solo, '!.Consumo them all, pour out thine indignation, and let them feel thy power." "But the Lord is mindful :of his own" -4 ,tender lit ofalt so elo, preceded by the recitative''annougoing that Shil':li'd authoritJi from the, Hilgh Priest that he might bind any Christtan:men, womon, and children, and bring:'them into Jeru salem; many were so brought-in and-con dotniendto siriffer' e iartyrdom in,many, ways; ' But. the, Lord: is mindful of, hsis owyn'; "lie reinmembers His' chis4reii; and \- as; hleojourneyod .into .Damas?is' thiere shone around him a light. from- Heaven ; he fell 'Ito tth",'oarth, and lidhad a,voice eayingi: " Sald, Saul,; why. persecutest thou moe'l";" Tii'portion of the oratorio, commoncineg the conversidn of Saul, 'Mon ddlsbohln has not:written in a very attrao tivomanner, as Some portionis a'rodisco;r dant, though' appropriatoe to tle subject. "And hd said, Lord; what will'thoui havo me. to 'dlo 1 and, the Lord swiid to himb liso up; , arise, and' proclaim• the, glory of the Lprd;'for ?total :darkness' covvreth thed kingdom,' ?and gross darknesdas the peoplo.!' ~A solemn: chorus Ifollows. 'Sleopers,b wakei: - a' voice is' .calling." SSgml, who now takes the' name- of .Paul, and'who his'; tihbm strtick with 'blindness, is led by the hand into Damascus, where he was throo'ddays withlout sight.' fasting; leiprays in bitter repentance,-'a given in the baritone solo: '" O God, have meroy ; a broken-and.a contrite heart is offered before Thee for Thy mercy's sake." And ei an an llegro movement there is shown a' sudden determination on his part to fol low'out God's commands.' "I will speak of Thysalvation; 1 will teach transgres 0ors,'end sinaers shall be converted unto Theo,": iAnanias is sent to him to toll him hoe is chosen to preach the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Paul "in the next solo, exproesse his gratitude to God, "I prais theeo 0 Lord my God, with all my heart," with chords accompaniment "The Lbrd is good, he slhall dry your tears and hdal your sorrows ;" and Ananina laying hands on him he forthwith recoives his sight, is baptised and straightway proaches Joans in the synagogno: ;n d the last chorus of the first part, " O great is the depth of the riches of wisdom and know ledge of the Father," concludes thie his tory of the co'aversion of St. Paul. The people of Gormiany havo a groat liking for this oratorio, the score of which with all doferonce to that of the "Elijah,," contains' some of the finest, most varied, and descriptivo parts of orchestration over concoived by the fertile fancy and vivid imagination of the gifted composer, who takes you by surprises in the sudden bursts of sweet sounds. Of courso in this, as in all other oratorios cortain portions have to be endured ; but the more these works are known the better will they be approciated, so truly ar. tlle words and musio exponents of each other. Tho second part opens with a quintotto chorus, "The nations are now tihe Lord's," in a grave movement. Paul and Barnabas, selected by the congregation and by command of the Holy Ghost, to preach the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, 'are sent on their way. "Now we are ambassadors in the name of Christ," a very simple and pleasing duet, followed by a chorus, the melody and har moiny being truly Tnendolssohnic. " How lovely are the measongers that preach us the gospel of peace, taken up in the first'place by the deep rich tones of the alto voices, 'followed by the firmer ones of the basses. So they departed and preached the word by the way, and wore believed of the crowd, butthe Jews: not wishing to believe in our Saviour, are envious, contradicting the Apostles, aid:; blaspheming, assorting their belief. "Thus saith the Lord, I am the Lord, and beside me, is no .other;" and they consulted to?othor, and laid wait for Paul that.they might kill him, and spake one to another, "Is this he who in Jerusalom destroyed ill calling on the namobo hero preacloti,'" romiiadinjg Paul of Ills former persecutions of the hurcah he now uphold i being, angered tthey' shout '!Force him away. Hence I away", and they call on 'God in a chorale- '0 Thou the true and onliy light, direct those whos blindly roam;' but they laid no hands on Paul or Barna bhss. Thero .was. a: man, at:Lystra.. im pbtont in his foot. whom Paul obsorv mTig. ho cried to .him in ,'t'loud voicoe 'Sland-"upright upon thylfoet,'' and the man stood*up and walked; but when the Gentiles saw what 'Pull had done they cried out ! The gods themselves as mor tals -have descended," and they called Paul, Morcurius,n and :Barnabas 'Jupiter, and; desired to offer, sacrifices to them, and adored them, saying-!' 0, be :grai ons, yo.immortals,". Butthe Apostles re fused such vain homage, and Paul. tries. to diroctitho minds of .theo; people froma thliworshipof false idols,, tothat of the ono living rGod.. "''For God dwelleth not i,in:. teomples,.,mado ,with,, hands, for'. the i?,temploe of, - God .is holy which temples yo are.' Then thd multi tudo, both' of Jews and' Gentiles, 'woro an ored against them and cried " This is Tsoovah'stonmple;"'reorringtothobuiildimig. where thoeyworshipped;' accusing them of having spoken against it, and against. thie holy law, suddenly breaking out with the awful cry "Stoie him to' deathl" first by the bass, then eachlpart in siccession at intersals of half P bar. b But th'"Lord," 'whose help is over nigh, saves Paul. from ersecootion and exhorts him to' be i 'Faithful unto death," and "'I will give i thoo a crown` of, life."'. Paul intimates to I the olders at Ephesus that he is bound in 6 spirit to go to Jerusalom, and they will t see his face no more. r They weep and pray, accoaipanjing him to: tho shlip,. and saw his face no mor, . andl his .followers fully:express their feelings in the' chorsii "Seo what love liaththoFather bestowed onus-.in his goodness."." "To him who 1 has fought a good fight and kept well the faith a 'crown; of righteousness shall"bo givon,,not only, unto him," the boliever' sings, "buit'to all men that love his ap pearing." So thoyl bless' the Lord, and, praiso sis holy name for over. " The Musical Union perform this orato iio on Tuesday evening,' April 10th. The members have shown great confidence in themselves, and an unusual determina tion for so sniall a. Society. to ..undertake this grand work,as it is notoriously one of thle inostdiilmotlt of any of.the oratorioe.i Weo have no'doubt the performanc awill be given in as creditable and successful a; manner asr usually characterises the So, ciety's : efforts, but the work will not be' so easyas that of tlio. '' Oreation" or "Meossiah,'' as osat musical people have ai certain '.knowledge of these. ." St. Paul," on the contrary, is quite noew to all. hero, as we believe no portion of it has ievr beooni performed in Launceston. TIhe Society 'has increasod" innumber, and tlid members, generally" have beeon ..very -diligent. 'at rehear sale. i!o : ;,oroliestra ;,. is much strengthened, some additions having boon made in the brass-a want we draw the conductor's attontion- to attthe last per formance, and weo are gladhlhas taken thi hir4t, which shows a"desire ti'.merit that encourigeombnt" we think 'the Society jloatly'.deserves at tl' hands of thlophublic, having fulfilled itsprdiiniso to oneourago ian increased list' of 'honorarr' mombors 'bly giving .none '.but first-class music. It is ikely iV would not be' amiss, seeing{ that shortly, we" shall have' no' theatre, and. therefore no' place for 'an Opera Company to "appear at, if the Musical Union, by way of clhigo, 'gave us, an opera. It is likely mnny'would'-bo induced to support the Socioty if a little change of that sort were introdoed. We also think by a little"mroe 'oenergy oni thd art' of thie 0on~ mitteoe 'concerts might.. behl given niore fre~ueetly.i The Soeiety has a large library of musio, qnd ,aro continually' in rdasing' tliir' "stock, as monibors' sub crip'tiou are r'initirely delovbted :t that oph'opds'd' Sir 'Miehlael' Costa s ''NaRa maa "' forms iarti and this. oratorio :Wil'b 'ipt:in' praotio oilmmediatoly after the performance of '"St.' Piul.'1 'We ftel pleasure ipa recommeniding our friends :who livb'e msuffaient musical knowleldgo to 'j0in'the ranks of the Society Thie subscrip tion fee is not heavy, and the omui?t id found by the Society. It is hardly neodssary to' ay:.wo ,hope to see a full 'iouse' on Tuesday: ovening.' . .. 