RELIGION, BUSINESS, LITERATURE AND PHILOSOPHY. On Snnrtay the Iter. Thomas Jones preached a ser mon at the Independent Church. Collins-street, in which he dealt with the connection of religion with " business," " literature," " science," and "philoso phy" There was a num-rous coiigr;gation. Jlr Jones took Ins text irom the tirst epistle ot t. Paul to the >.oriuthians, 10th chapter, Slst verse. "Whether, Iht-ref re, ye eat, or dank, or what-oever ye do, do all to t c cl'.ry of Goil." .Man, said the rev. gentle man, must not separate hit life from God: by so doing he ruins his whole soul. How can the stream continue to flow when discoane "tod with the fouu- t iin? Can the tree continue t > put fo. th buds and foliau and bios- un; when it is separated from the earth? Will it not rather dry, shrink, and ilisap pear? Shall man, who is God's creature, created in the incite ol' ii:« Either, shall he separate himself fr in God? When the sun turns it; face awa> irom t lie earth it is night JS'iglit is nothing but the earth's own shadow ; and when we turn away from G'»d the darkness of our own dark shadow is around us. > >ur hope, our life. , ur joy, our peace here now. and our peace hereafter, all depend upon this union, ilium the connection, upon the oneness of the human sairit with the Father. Can children turn away from their fathers and mothers? ' an ahoy ten years of age look up into the loving face of his father, and say, " Fa her, i can do without you anil to his mother, " Mother, I can do without y"ii ?" Yet vuu s.iv to Almighty God. " Lean do with mt tlieo." bet everything be done for the glorification of God. We live in the midst of a complication oT" laws — physical law, men tal laws, moral laws, and spiritual laws. G d is the author of those laws, and He is administering those laws, the i evs of our bodies, ail I tb- laws or our moral nature. God is the author of tbeiii, and those laws must he obeyed ft is the same with individuals, families, churches, and nation;; if they forsake the path ot obedience, they war against their own ldesso ness Obedience to iho-e laws of Goil is nce-ssary. Confes-ion of iaitii, prayer, hymn.; of praise a id public worship are coiiteiy, and right and beautiful lint -hall I Cornell- re to preach Kt-d ap pear like a holy man and go to my home 017 a Sunday night and live in 11 tier disobedience to God Almighty? We must obey G al in order to giorifv llim. Having illustrated the necessity of obedience lie proceeded to observe that religion -liuulil mingle witu all thealt'airs of life, and could not lie li-peused with 111 any de partment ot existence. I will take, he s-id. this sub ject brietl. in connection with modern life in London and in .Melbourne. I will select live w Tils, the best wools that 1 know o; to cover that civilisation, and I will try to show the absolute necessity of the ele ment of leligiun in i.very (I partm- nt of life. The first word I use is " Imiinss " What a word it is ! A gentleman told me in the vestry t Hi- morning, in reply to a question, that lie had been very h.isv : "business had kept liitu away 0:1 Thursday." « hat a word tills lui -incss is ! It is busy n-ss — going about here and there. Jt is husy-ness. tint which -Sol unim called the sore travail God i as given to 111 ill. Jt is a sure travail, this toil of the laboring man. of the learned professor, of the minister of religion, it is the business of life. Ami wii t a busy-iiess you have 10 bring up your children to ; and, Uli.'yoti teachers of religion, what a busy-lies is it to meet your peop'e three times a week and appear fre.-h in thought, and word, and expression ! To the young man who has to make his place in tile world what a busy ness it appears. One of Jacob's sons was comoared to an ass, crouching between two burdens. "We are all Issachars. The burdens of two woi 1,1s are uuon us We are to conduct our business here, and wo have the responsibility of li. resteer. \\\ bat I want tosho wis that iu business, religion is an absolute necessity. Integ rity, in the first place, is necessary to healthful busi ness. Well, religion makes a mail just, truthful, upright and downright Religion straightens tlte crooked 111 a man's character. Mis " Yes" means yes. and Ilis "A' o" means 110. There is 110 healthy busi ness without this, remember. lie exhorted hi- hearers to let the light of God and of eternity enter into all their business, and proceeded to deal with his subject under tile second head. The next word I choose, said Hie preacher, is Government. Govern ment of the family is : ot well done without religion Picture to yourselves tile home of a family. I-.i, a mansion, it stands amidst green trees, and contains in and around it all the luxuries of life. 1 here you find culture, there the courtesy of refined society. There is a large family of childien growing up in what you would calla beautiful home. Hut prayer is not there; reverence is not there, and religion is not there The development of that family will not be beautiful Oh 1 speak as one win, knows this The development oi your boys and girls will never be beautiful if you try to govern your families witlmut God. They will be come spiritually lawless or a law unto themselves Government of society cannot be rightly carried 011 without reli ion. Them are a large number of Mel bourne people here. !>., not yon feel for the citv of yeiir adoption ? Are yon not sorry to see so much sin ? Jlo you not pitv the forsaken, the poor drunk ard reeling towards hell ? Can it be well with Mel bourne with-. ut religion ? A city once flourished from which God was banished. Reverence was not there - religion had departed. The angel from heaven went out among the wild mountains of Zoar : the heavens became augry ; the forked lightning of God shot across the heavens, and the thunders rollen in the firmament The foundations of that city were burnt from under it, and the city disappeared iu the depths of the earth I am 110 propnet. I am only relating an historical fact. Remember that human beings are not congre gated together to become one mass of spiritual a d moral corruption ; they are not brought together in great modern cities that they may contaminate one another. And in God's name let none of mv hearers dare to add to the moral coafiagr.uion that is burniii" up this society ; let none of you dare to add one io a to the sins of this place! When the time came in Home when men asked throughout the empire, with Pilate, " What is truth ? When Paul was told " Too much learning is driving thee mad : Truth cannot be discovered;" when the priests going up to the Temple at the hour of sacrifice smiled at each other as much as to say, " There is no meaning iu this, as vou know and as I know," though religion U useiul iii its way - wher. the gods descended from Olympus, then buttaii that great tragedy, the greatest of all of its kind that the world has ever seen— the decline and fill of the Roman Empire. France tried to govern without God and the wicked attempt ended in Hie reign of terror' and France, like an unnatural mother, devoured her children. I aui not going to prophe y, hut these great modern cities and this great British empire >vill he- come a hapless ruin without God. Hist >rv is at my back. Ret ail who have to govern these countries fe„r the Lord. The third grand word I shall adopt is ' literature, the great institution of modern civilisa tion. I have not one unkind word to speak with regard to this matter. Speaking. I am sure in the presence of literary men, no one here need take um brage at anything that I shall say. No uiau is more careful to read his daily newspaper than I am I find God everywhere. Hooks— beautiful books— tlie companions of all my hours ! Does this sound odd to yu- -l wish to slu-w jou how beautiful literature ca?be- Y?u have not considered, per .-ps, what a privilege it is to have books ; what a irivil£» ' noble, honest, manly newspapers, every morning bringing news of the whole world to your breakfast table, like a golden baud around ilie g.one, bringing men and women nearer and nearer to each other Mhat a force it is. You learn opinions from the authors you read and love. They are y.mr mLstem - they are the masters, and you are all the pupils' You are always glad to learn from them. Well" the literature of a people should be. first, truthful It should have facts ; it should be real— not a nhaii'- torn, not an apparition, like the characters in Ossia'n's poems— prose, not phantasmagoria. The literarnrT of Melbourne should he sturdy, rob, lit. trut Tla» m,i fY-T agree with wlult Napoleon said He said that history was a fable "agreed upon " it is something more Novels-if we must liaVe novels -must be something niore than stupid sensational narratives beginning with the youthful passions and ending at the marriage tie with the assertion that they lived happily ever afterwards." If tn-re is to be poetry as there must be-let it be t-ue to man's thewnrn "h' nndf\ the W«otlve Phenomena oi world If we must have books on theology— and we must-let there be room enough for every new fact that 1. od is teaching in the world You must EnniTh t « thtf0l?Sy wuin the 'llmiis of a" Ton bond, but it open. I call upon ,uy brothere in the sacred ministry, and, if vouini;nn<wi,.\l say that I believe every cardinal doctrine of the Chris ban religion. I believe in God the Father and hg Son ,n the Holy Ghost and the Incarnatfon of God m Chnst, in that which comes to me from the death and resurrection of Christ; but believing a'lTfs I am the more prepared to welcome phi-os .phy-lfo vpr n T IT n0W 'autfF!u liny comer of the uni I hate room lorn here. Mv Elb e is a w0.,- ? TTT there IS roora in toy rclig on for all £ oh sclence can present. Th . . f., e i s.,v. of the literature of theology "Let it be red a d it receive all new idea-." The second fe< in-- ,M ihe literature of the people should be its purity 1 lmve 1 stood on the grcrii bank of a beaut.fu Wel-i, ri.vr I hate looked down through the decD » iter ami wari- beTc1 T goWei\ Pebl)les at the bottom,' and watched the tiout as thev gaiubo'led thcr »» <h own delightful element. I w?ou"l Ini-i i .at T uo- clT TcTsT' T U,e pUre »' «' -nt h, Literary men, I am sure v, u w, 1 not angry with me if X speak ca d'idiv to I you. _ou should labour to make the literature of ' this country, and of this city of Melbourne, a pure river of truth. I have a third feature. It should be generous, loving, kind and brotherly. We have enough of inevitable sorrow in this world without hurting one another. The truths of criticism should be baptized in love. You like to be spoken of kindly, don't you ? Well, so does every oiher man. What a " kindly light" that was which went before fsrael, and led the people out of Egypt. In the terrible storm n-lien tbey crossed the sea, it was there : and when they had passed the waters, it was in the wilderness. They seemed to cry, "Lead, kindly light," and the kindly light did lead them. Let not the promised light of literature abandon us. It should lead men on from vnlgarity, degradation and stn ; lead them as the light led out of Egypt. My dear friends, I will do all I can to lead the_ people of . this city into God's care. Will the literary men of the city help me? I would make my pulpit say to literature, " Let there be no disagreement between me and thee. We are brethren " I would make liter. ture reply, ' Where th-.u goest I go; where thou lodgest I lodge ; thy people shall be my peopl-, and thy God shall be my God, and eternal peace shall reign." Business, government and litera- ture require religion. He 1m 1 a fourth word, and that was science. The word, taken literally, meant know ledge : but it also meant the noblest of intelligent men explaining the substance of their studies and in vestigations. He held that men of sol- nee n. eded the light of religion. The great work of this world was the volume of Jchov.ih, and it required light from. Him to enable science to comprehend it. He would asceud one step higher, anil use but one word more — that word was, philosophy. Philosophy was the noble attempt, the grand endeavoring of the greatest minds to account for the earth tlie how, the why, and the wherefore of all things. Thore was, he said, no answer so wise and so deep as the old answer. Nobody knows more than that : religion does not tell us uiore than that ulti mately this universe may be filed with blessedness. I like to think t.-at before the sun, moon, and stars htul come forth to shine there was a necessity inthe mind of the Creator to find creatures to love Him: and that He said, " I will create a universe." and He created the whole of this universe that He might have something to love, to emorace, to bless for ever, vv hatsoever ye do, do it in the glory < f God, in hnsiness. in Governmeut. in literature, in science. anil in philosophy— do all for His name's sake — The Age. 