CHAPTER L. ENMESHED. Though the mills of Cod grind slowly, vet they grind exceed lng small, Though ultu patience be stands walting, with exactness grinds Ue all - Longfellow It was more than a week, however, before any answer carno Mr. Masters Was out of town, but he receive<N¿he lettetvdirec4*jPho returned " So," he muttered tUMmslljfas he read it " lb has readied the family, eh Iri'm 1 Affairs are ooming tú a climax at last. What an ex- plosion there'll be before long, unless I'm very rjnuoh mistaken I'm not to mention it to any- one, eh I Well, I won't, exoept to those who are blready au fatt.* I wonder what Twist will find to say about this.' If I'm to do any good I must take hjm into my oounsela." ,Whioh he did.,, ( " You wanti my advitfo ?-" said the dootor. " Certsinly." " Well, Men, say nothing." \\\ « Nothing y , ¡^ , " Of eouriesyoa^ust fibswer his letter, if only for eourtesy'l «fcè; »st let it be nothing; beyond a bare answer It would be only undo- ing a hat has been done in (he way of keeping quiet, and perhaps giving a hint of what is going on in a quarter-you understand-where it would not bs advisable." And BO nothing was said of the suspicions almost oort&inties; as they were- whioh had arisen in their minds, in the reply which found its way baok lo Mr. Atheratone : " My dear sir,-I regret that your letter should have remained so lons unanswered, owing to my ab- sence from town. I shall endeavour to procure you the portrait-or a copy of it-which you speak of, and forward it to you as soon as possible. With re- gard to my own recollections of j our uieee in her childhood, all I can say is, that they are very vague; but, so far as I can remember, she was a pretty, delicate-looking child, with dark solemn-looking eyes', extremely like her mother's. The portrait you refer to represents her; as such, and possibly that fact may guide my reminiscences. The colouring' being of an inferior description, us those old-fashioned likenesses generally were, may have imisled me. Indeed, it seems most probable that some such mistake was made, as Miss Atherstono appears to be so totally dif- ferent to anything one could imnginet auch a child growing into. I naturally concluded that I had been in error en the one particular point her eyes-when I saw her after so- long a lapse of time, hut that Mr. Temple, who knew (her, intimately in Australia, persists in declar- ing that the Beryl Atheratone he knew there had dark eyea-~äust like a fawn's I think was the ,ex pressionhs/used. I was very much puzzled at first, I caiurusure you, till one solution of the mystery occurred to me. I dare say you are t aware that «uaambera^of the theatrical profession rarely use their >JMS1 names^JTour niece was an exception ; but her real one was Bowfell fitted for the purpose that it was hardly necessary to do so-so well fitted, indeed, that I have thought it possible some other lady may have assumed -the same,in which, case there would-,have been two Beryl Atherstones-each differing from each. Do I make myself plain P It is the only man- ner in which I can read the riddle, Miss Athelstone, while in London, was kind enough to give me an in- vitation to the Grange, .which I hope to avail myself of before her wedding, in which case I shall have much pleasure in bringing yon the picture you are curious about. Till then believe me, . -, . "Yours faithfully, I "' ' "_ MASTEBS. ' " .Rev. Morton Atheratone." From whioh it will bo feen that Mr. Masters was not so reticent as his friend had advised But there was no kindly mention of Beryl, no sign, beyond the bare mention of her name, that her old friend remembered her existanoe even. " He suspeots something more than his letter implies," thought the Beotorto himself. " How muoh, I wonder ?" Mr. Masters suspected more thau the Rootor dared ever whisper in his own mind- suspected muoh that he thought might be proved when an answer oame from Australia to the letter ho had written when first his suspiaion was formed More than that, the story of tho fire in Edin bough, with all its attendant oiroumstanoes, wore known to the London police, and the thread of fate whioh hold the fatal sword suspended by its slenderest fibre now, while all the time the preparation for the wedding down in Warwick- shire went on, and Noel indulged in bright visions of ooining happiness, backing the while in the sunshine of hmßancee's smiles, and happily unconscious that there had ever been aught- in her young Hfe which would not bear the light of day to sfûne upon it Mr Carson was to give the bride away, though he had boen alnrast tempted to decline the office, when he found it was proposod by Mrs Dalton. § " You don't like har, Qirson," said the Bootor, who proferred the request, but had happened to mention at whose suggestion it was made " What has she evordoijb to you?" "To me, nothing," jj was the dry response. " And yet, you are righi, I do not like her." " Why ?" S " H'm 1 For moro reasons than one, I can assure you." | " What they aro?" persisted Mr. Atherstone. " Frankly, I wonld rather not tell you," ro plied the lawyer, looking full into his companion's faoo. Mr Atherstono waa not quite satisfied. He rather distrusted Mrs Dalton himsotf, though without any reason for so doing that he oould consider at all satisfactory ; but he oould get nothing moro out of his friend. " If I had known that she proposed your ask- ing me," he said, "I would have s«enher-well, hanged-and that's what she ought to have been loBg ego, if she had her deserts," he added, 80U0 voce-" before -Pd have consented." Whioh little Bpceob'beiûg __oy_lphoard by the person of whom it was spoKen, made^her smile in anything but a benevolent manner on the man who uttered it. At the same time she, was very muoh elated when she beard that he would de as he had been asked-so muoh so that Boryl, when they wore alone at night, spoke to hor ratfwr sharply about it ^ £ I "You make pooplcNftffey all sorts of thinga," she said. " What do I care how muoh they fanoy?" returned Mrs Dalton defiantly. " I like to feel my power-here-here, whore I might have been mistress-but for him." "Pshaw!" exolaimed Boryl, turning away contemptuously. " You don't beliove what you say, you know that " " Don't 1 ?" vindictively oried tho old woman hor cold eyes gleaming with bitter malice " I mean it ali, and moro, Miss Boryl Atherstono. It was he who turned me away from this place wheu I was young and fair as you are now. But for his oold bloodod promptings, I should havo been in my proper placa in this bouse as your grandfather's wifo. Do you hear ?-as his wife " " I should think, it was very unlikely," said Beryl, with a soornful smile. " You are too sanguino as to what might have been, I think " " Ah, well 1 may bo so. I am a fool to talk to you about suoh things now. But I am more amply revenged than he dre>ms of. To think that, of all men in the world, Lawyer Carson the upright, inflexible,^ should be the one to to give you your rights. Oh, if\e ould only know ! If I could only whisper^hc truth in his ear how glorious it would ¿^ And she laugftad mookingljl at tho bare idea, till Beryl, afraid th"at sûBie^n^night overhear interposed. "^-iINs_r* ^-. " Hush ! Are you going mad ?" showhispered looking fearfully round. " Ho will know un- less you are moto oareful. Suppose any of the servants should oome to the door by ehanoe, and hear your insane ravings. Bah ! they, would only think that I am really mad, I daresay. Do you know, I some times,think that I am. "JYoa__are what?" asked Beryl absently i'Madaj..J_fot out of;.my senses,, gxaptly' though very nearly so ; but it ii with triumph' when I'thinkihow. eumpUtoly.. we-that u,}I have worked out'thejull sum, of myjrevénge " " Better put suoh thoughts on ope s,ide,'' pint-. Berjl wearily. ' ' She was gettiog'tired of, this ineeesa'ot orsving. for miaohief that'seemed to possess (her eompaBion-fearful almost, and heartily wishful that the ¡time would speedily arrive when they mighUie separated for awhile " You have got all youjknt, have yon not?? J* And if I have, BerylAtheratone, ¿m I the only gainer ?" fiercely demanded the old woman, " Nay, do I gain as muoh as you? You-the proud mistress of all this plaoo 1 Are you not happy ?" "I do not know," replied Beryl, with a weary sigh. " Somotiraes I feel that I am neither proud nor happy-that I would give it all up, if I oould, to be again what I onoe was." "You're a fool," savJgely responded Mrs Dalton. " Bettor so than a-bat what is the uso of our reviling eaoh other?" .« Why do you vex mo so, then, with your complainings ?" Bullenly Baked the old woman. "Do I ? I didn't mean it," repjied Beryl quietly. " But I got so nervous, so frightened sometimes, and more so since that boy-ah, the fates were all against us in that ehanoe " " Pshaw ! He's safe enough noir, I tellyou." " I wish I oould be sure of that," said Beryl And sho looked round her with a nervous shiver, as though dreading to see something at her elbow. " You may be quite aura. He will never speak again. Did not the dootor say so ?" "I eannot feel oertain while he breathes," oried Beryl passionately. 'S^h ! why does he not die?' V ^\ " It is nnfortum^w^ûnrfT^dryly responded Mrs. Dalton. " Bat wishing won't kill bim till his time oomes ; then he'll go fast enough, de- pend ' upon it. Meantime you'll be out of the oonntry, away from all danger, in a very short time now, and then " Then I shall be safe/' murmured the girl. But there oame no ohange in Jaok Blogg's oondition. Doctora from Birmingham, attraoted by the carious features of his ease, oame to see the lad and departed 'again, saying that here their skill was of no avail ; heyrould never re oover again, though he mighiv«nger in the oon- dition he then was forirel^s, even months to oome, and most probaBtynrTould, unless some un- foreseen ohange took plaoe. On the morning after Beryl's conversation with Mrs Dalton, the older lady made her way down into the kUob.cn of the Grange, to give directions regarding a basket whioh was to be sent off that morning for the invalid at the Rookery, and placed in it, with her own hands, some small jars of extract of beof tea, whioh she said would save Mr. Statman a great deal of trouble in making the only food of whioh his charge was able lo partake, and that by no voluntary aotion of his own, for it was obliged to be poured down his throat. " And I'm sure it's very good of Miss Beryl to think of bim in the way she does," grumbled the cook. " Not as I begrudge the poor lad anything as is good for him ; but ho oan't eat anything, and all as we sends there is swallowed by that great hulking fellow, as never has a civil word for nobody." " Ah, we mustn't be too hard upon him, cook," ¿replied Mrs Dalton, with a benevolent air. ,'to îfhe poor fellow must bo in sore trouble " " fc&J; öd . but that's no reason as ho shouldn't be a little bit grateful for all aa$s doae for him." Mrs Dalton made n.o-anqw'or beyond giving instructions that the bask^tH^oa to be sent at onoe, and then she went out for a-stroll in tho grounds, when presently she oame aoross the page boy who had been despatched on tho errand. Ho went whistling carelessly along till he reaohod the gate just at the same moment with Mrs. Dalton, who stopped him. " You are taking that for the sick lad at the cottage ?" she said. " Yea, 'm." " Lot me see that everything is there," she went on, lifting the cover. " Yes, all right. I don't think I will send all these little jara, though, after all," and ahe took out all but two, which she scrutinised very ^dpaoly before re- turning. " Yqu can go on." J "Yes,'m" -? C\ tf And he prooeeded--^rew\taphf to be again stopped by Mrs. Dalton's voice " You need not eay that I mot you, Robert," ahe told him in a heaitating manner that was very foreign to har. " Mr. Statman might-" "Yes.'m?" And ho looked stolidly up at her to hear what Mr Statman might do, but Mrs Dalton ap- peared very undetermined what to say, and merely repeating her oautton that he waa not to mention having met herNpn any aooount, walked away. Yery probably if she bad said I nothing, the boy would h,ava thought no more of what was really a very oonfeion-pTaöe occurrence. As it was, hor^emphatio manner in giving him the order maa o him think of nothing else, and, without intending it, he blurted out the faot as ho wai handing the oontents of the basket to Jem Statman. " Oh," said that worthy, looking ouriously at him, and speaking very slowly. " So Mrs. Dal- ton was unoommon parti oularasypu wasn't to let me know she'd put h^rjiaffds inside that bas basket, was she ? " WeRî*now that waB very thoughtful of her-very, indeed. P'raps she waa afraid I might-" Again the boy looked up expeoting to hear this timo what Mrs Dalton was afraid Jem Stat- man might do ; but ho was again disappointed. " Anyway, you'd better not let her know that you have told me," Jem went on after a momentary consideration. " Mrs^ Dalton ain't a lady to be played with when shojays a thing, ao I'vo heard tell * So that's hrf"Ttttle game ia it?" Boliloquised Jem1 Sta^rnan\ when the boy had gone " But I'll baulk iffor ííBr this time." And he put the jars carefully by till evening, when the dootor called in to look at his patient, when ho reproduced them, and spoke a few words that made the man of medioine turn very {.»le " Good heavens, man !" be exolaimed. " Do you kaow what you aro saying?" "Porfeotly well, air," replied Jem quietly "You just take 'em away with you, and seo if what I soy ain't true " "If it is-" said the dootor. "But no, I oan't bolieve anything BO; horrible." But he took thejais^àwajf*vnth him for all that, bringing them baot on the morrow with a very grave face " I wes right There's no to need toll mo, sir," said Statman, an evil triumph lighting up his features ' " It Ia BO," replied the dootor seriously. " This must be seen intp." " All in good time-all in good time," hastily interposed Jem " Not a word now, Bir, not till I give yon leave. You must promise me that" , , , i , , ¡ Bul the dpetor would promise nothing of the sort for1 some time-not until Jem Statman had spoken te bim very long'and very seriously, when, though he seemed even i mofe horrified than before, be gave way to his arguments Slowly yet surely, the bet was elosing in A little longer now, and stern, inexorable justioe must be done. CHAPTER LI. I IN THE SHRUBBERY. What man art thon, that so bescreened la night, Ihus itumblest on my counsel r -Sñaluptari. On the very next day after answering the reotor's letter, Mr. Masters received another by ??-.-? - -" ' .Jl B the Australian mail from the elder Mr. Temple. There was in it a great deal irrevelant matter so far as this story is concerned, but the re- mainder ran thus " Of course, I bave heard before now from poor ' Allan of how his hope_-in-the vojage he took to ' England have been anmh dated, though I cannot un- derstand how it has come to pass. Certainlj,fiêrvî Atherstone has disappointed me very much never sending either word or line to any of her old friends here ; and there are many who were very kind to her before she waa beyond the necessity of kindness. You say that yon want my son's account of her con« firmed. I think you might have depended on his description safely enough; but if 'it is ne- cessary, I am prepared to nsawt most posi- tively that Beryl Atherstone, whoVwas"i_ my theatre so long, has the darkest Twown eyes I ever remember seewg. Jjjor tha-xaBt, a verbal description is always uniúistttcwry}wut I'll attempt it. Her face, though nontosnluTfely fDyltless in out* line, was of a refined type, with weli-rermed fea« tures, and an expression that I can only describe by the werd ' good'-it was emphatically thatr-honest and trutbftuV And when I last saw her, the day be- fore she sailed, I believed so thoroughly in her that I can hardly realise evan now how-she can have turned out such a heartless little minx as is the case. How over, I expect to see you soon, almost as soon as nix letter, perhaps, for I have made nearly all my ar- rangements for a trip to tbe'old'country, which I have not been for so lor g, and then we may arrive at a solution of the mystery." There was nothing more upon the OBB impor- tant subjeot, and Mr. Masters made his way next day to Allan's lodgings. t**-«v " Do you know anything of j||s ?" he asked, showing him the leWr. _ S^ "What?" \ iVV " Your father's eoming." ^* " He is not eoming " " Njnsense. Don't you see he says-" " Never mind what I said, old boy," laughed the gentleman himself, ooming suddenly out of the next room, and olasping his old friend's __ hand. " I am here 1" "Youl" - " I don't look muoh like my ghost, do I ? You see the faot is I was enabled to get away several weeks sooner than I hopee5 for, and I oame over in the same vessol-that brought my letter X With their further.conwsationfiuat then we have nothing to do, buVw&evSnnig;, pursuant to Mr Masters invitation, a Irbtle party as- sembled at his house to dinner, consisting of the two Templos-father and son-Bruoe Carnaby, D otor Twist, and Graham Canon, when a long consultation was held, whioh ended in a deoided course of action being resolved upon -a resolution whioh they all bound themselves to oarry out. " It is a horrible affair," said Mr. Temple, thoughtfully, while Allan sat white and still, no doubt remaining in his mind now. " And it's a terrible responsibility to have suoh a know- ledge upon onn's shoulders " "I have had it on mine long enough," said Dr. Twist, shrugging them almost up to his ears. " And it hasn't been a pleasant experience, I can assure you There waa. another, too, who oould have spoken even more positively than I, if he had chosen. Ii he oould only open his lips now he might be able to tell something moro. But now, who's to bell the oat ?" " Government will proscoute, I should think in such a oase," thoughtfully observed Mr. Masters. " Unless the family at the reotory-but they know nothing." ^ " They must suspect by this ^ime, thougbj At least tho old man^judging¿£íy his letter, ' Dr. Twist romarked.^'jK^MTrm most par« tioularly anxious to know is-how will his son take it " >-i " Noel Atherstone ?" "Yes. Poor fellow! it will be a terrible shook to him He is very fond of her." "Poor follow, indeed!" broke in Graham Carson. " It has beon the thought of him all this time that has made me so reluotant to move in tho matter. " Can there bo no way of preparing him for such a shook ?" said Bruoe Carnaby. " Not without stating tho whole facts of the oase," replied Graham. B" And I verily believe he is so infatuated that even thon it will be hard to convince him." H " At any rate, it will »ave to bo tried," oon. tinuod Bruce Carnaby. jr'But there's one un« accountable thinti to monn the matter." "And that is?" | " Tho likeness to the tVmily," " I think that may ba oaaily aocountod for," drily observed tho dootor. I'vo been down there, you know, and pioked up a lot of informa* tion. But tbat h^s nothing tojto with the main point now. Who ia to onenfáliQ matter ?" There was an awkwaj^HeoaQ for soma mo- ments, and then Allon Temple spoko in a very low, hoarse tone. " I will," he said. And so it was dooided. But there was a great deal to be considered first, and finally it waa agreed that he and Dr. Twist abould lay tho whole affair before the authorities of Sootland Yard, and leave the rest in their hands. And thus it oame to pass that a few .' days before the one that waa appointed for the wedding, one of the keenest dcteotives in the force was sent down into Warwickshire to supersede the man already there, and with in, struotions to end the drama that had been 60 boldly played up to this time. Not dircotly though. Ho was to make use of- his predoeossor's knowledge, if ho possossd any, and find out all that yet remained to a projfor elucidation of the mystery. Hean presupon proof if necessary, so that thcreaHbigut remain no loop- hole for escapo, and then upoV. receipt of final instructions from head quartors fulfil thoir duty. Jem Statman oame in for a good share of tho officer's attention, and, from the time that be learned what was going on, his floo wore a satis- fied, triumphant look that JESS quite incom- prehensible. Whatever-it wn that he had upon his mind, and would^ot revtal before, he had told to them, and not evon heVas more anxious for some signs of oonsoiousneas in Jack Blogg than they were But as far as tho Grange or the Reotofy and their inmates was oonoerned,not a breath reached them of what waygoing on, till the night before tho wedding, when allithingf Were ready for the morrow's ceremony. vîfrjAtherstone was still sorely oppressed by the harassing doubts which-*' had taken possession of him, and yet had no real tangible grounds on'whioh to fjiund_them._HigJ wife had forgotten all that wai strange in his demeanour amidst all the bustle, and preparation for t he coming event} with whioh she was oharged.j - Mrs. Dalton remained oaím and odd as'usual, and Beryl herself altercated foetWeen fear ana triumph, as the hour approaohed that should Boa -^M the end of beth for her. .. '. -- jj The bridesmaids were all asaemblod at tha Grange, the breakfoit laid, and the servants one and all in the state of happy flutter and exoite ment common to such oooasions. Their young mistress bad bohavod very liberally to them, and every tongue wag load in her praise. The & children were to scatter their usual flowers, and all the iehabi'BDts of Lillington were bade to the feast that was prepared for them aooording to «k, so that poople for miles round would lie tko that -night hoping for fine weather on 'morrow that hey might join in tho festivities at the Grange, many a young hoart beat high with hope and expooUtion at tho thought of the smart dresses and new ribbons that were to be donned for the ffr"e l Noel had gono over to the Rectory withhis father, full of high spirits and joyous anticipa- tion1!, as was natural He had taken leave of bis bride that was to boeill ho met her at the altar, then to take her for Better, for worse, and reached Home to have a letter placed in his hand whioh had arrived by that evening's post-a letter whioh o.uaed the blood te forsake his cheek, and froze him-like a statue Then he tossed it indignantly from him, a contemptuous euri upon his lip, only to pick it < up again, and, depositing it parefully in, his pooket-book, take his hat to leave the house. "Where are you-gowgr-Nosl?" asked his father, coming in at the moment. '.' Did your letter bring you any news ?" " None at all,- id. the striot eenie of the word," replied- the young man " But I must go over to the Grange ag-in." ~ "Wbnt/orJ'i .j i . "To tee Beryl. Jt was about something wbiob concerns her as mnoh as myself " And without waiting to explain he loft the houso. "What can be the matter?" thought the reotor, very much perplexed. " I wish it was all over and done with ; there soems to me no- thing but trouble and mystery." That very morning there had been more of 'c*1*^ same Noel and he were walking together, aWjd called to enquiro at the Rookery how Jaok wïogg was getting on As they noarcd tho oottage they saw a strange man standing by the door, talking to its owner, who touohed his hat civilly when they carno up, and departed. " Who is that, S tat man ?" asked the reotor, looking curiously after tho maa "Oaly a good gentleman from Lindon," evasively answered Jem, " Ho corned to see the lad." " A gentleman !" said Noel. " He's either a policeman or a soldier. I'd swear to the out of his hair." " Well, and if BO ?" was the sullen reply. "Thero's-more folk than them as lives about here as would like to hear my poor lad speak afore he dies-and I'm a thinking as it won't be long first." \- But ho would say nothing more, aud the two gentlemen left. Noel had forgotten all about the oiroumstanco till it was brought baok to him this evening in rather a ourious manner. There was light enough yet, though tho o vening was far advanced when he entered tho Grange grounds, and by it he saw two figures standing near tho gateway, one of whom he rooognised at onoe as Beryl's maid. The othor was a man, who hastily disappeared down a path of the shrubbery as he approaohod, but not so quiokly OB to prevent Noel from re- cognising him at onao for the same man whom he had seen in the morning with Jem Sfcotman " Who on earth oan ho be ?" ho thought, OB the stranger vanished, and Patty oommenood running oh* ia the direction of the houso " Here, Patty ! Come b»ok ^on't run away like that-I want to speak to you " Ile spoke in an authoritative tone, and tho frightened girl turned Blowly back, looking very "uoh aba,hod. " What are you doing out hero at this time of night?" he asked sternly, as she carne reino tantly towards him. I-I was just taking a little walk, sir," sho replied Blowly. " Nonsense 1 This is no hour for walking Who was that person I saw you talking to just now? "Person, sir!" "YOB-the man who has just left you If you attempt to deny it I shall think you have somo reason to be ashamed " " Oh, no, indeed, Mr Noel !" she said eagerly "It's not that I-I-" And she stopped again, with an embarrassed look " Does your mistress know that you are out -walking ?" ho asked. "N-no, sir." " I thought not." "It was so warm n doors sir," sho pleaded but Noel took no notioo of the exouso " Who was the man that ran away when I cime up as though he was ashamed of being seen repeated Noel. " Ho was'nt ashamed sir. He was just going " " Well, but who was he ?" " A-a gentleman, sir." \ "A gontleman !" v^«V^[{' Yee, sir, from London.'' f* " So I was told this morning," Nool said drily "But what is his nama. That is what I want to know." " Lowia. sir. My mistress let him and a friend of his seo the house a fow days ago-and he's been stopping in Lillington si.oe." "And talking nonsense to you, eh?" said Noel. " Oh, no, sir " , " I think ho must have been though, or you would hardly havo como out here in the moon light, so far from the house, to meet a porfeot étranger. I can't help fanoying that tho fel- low is up to no good " " I'm sure, sir, he's a very eivil apokon gentleman," replied poor Patty, almost orying " That may be, Patty ; but how do you know that ho isn't a burglar in disguise, or something as bad ?" " Oh, sir! I'm sure he oan't be that," indig nnntly oried the girl. " He speaks quite honourable and fair." "No doubt; they oan always do that when they find anyone simple and foolish enough to listen to them. I don't think that your mis tress would approve of it, though.' Have you told'her?" ' ' ^''Oh^no 1" said Patty, in evidont consterna- tion1,,. ' ''But, indeed, indeed, Mr. Noel, there's no harm If you'd heard every word he's «vor spoken to me, you'd jay the same " " Perhaps'so; but what was be talking about SO.earnestly to night ? I'm not asking from 'any idle' ouriosity," be continued more kindly "JJuCfrom the way in wh'ioh I have twioe met ^^¿iml am convinced be hw some secret motive c^^Hfbr prowling about this plaoe ; and that motive 'is not-what he pretenda it is to you. His love making is only a blind. " Ob, please, sir," she brake in with a rosy blush, that was plainly to ho seen even by that dusky light, "Mr Lewis never said a word about suoh things- at least-I mean-he was talking to me about my dress." " Your dress 1" exolaimed Noel in surprise. " What then-is he a travelling draper?" "I don't know-I'm sure, Bir. He had been-" " Making love, eh ?" said Noel, as she stopped with some slight confusion of mannor. " However, we'll pass over^hat for tho timo, and oome to your dress. WhaVEiad^he got to say about that?" "\ " He was saying how stylish &"**> sir ; and asked me, in asking-wWTï^,\hothor I had got it mado up nTTurii^ ^Su^ " And you told him no, of course ?" " No, sir, I didn't, for it was. Not for me, of oourse. It was one of Miss Beryl's, and I told him so; and then he aiked.m» how long I'd had it ; and why she' gave it'to me when it was as good at new, till I showed him that a groat piece had been torn out of one of the sleeves when she oaught it on a nail, and then he seemed satisfied." "Like the fellow's impertinenoe " thought Noel, and then aloud, and so you satisfied his eariosity, Patty." " Well, sir, I didn't mean to talk so muoh for sure," ' replied the girl naively. " But he have suoh a quiet way of getting things out pf one-though he never do seam to be asking questions like other folk." " Well there's no harm done this time," laid Noel. " But the next time Mr. Lewis or Mr Anybody elso wants any information about your mistress, instead of gossiping with him yourself, send him to me I won t tell tales about you this time, but nover let me oatoh you philan- dering about with strangers after nightfall any more." And with that he dismissed the girl, who sped away towards the house, glad to be released, I while ho looked after nor with numberless orango forbodinga rising in hie mind. Who could be this inquisitiySusisranger that had appoar8d""?^suddcqly iuftrTeir midst ? And what could Be^yl ^EeMtoWs affair or the dresses she wore nOTetodo wiuMNm ? Ho tried to think as the girl's figure disap- peared in the evening gloom, when and wera he had soon Beryl wear that dress ; it was a plain, dark material, but very rich in texture, and all nnsuited for Patty's position, though it be oame her well, and she had probably put it on in a spirit of ooquotry to moot her London admirer. It told Nool nothing-ho oould only remim ber in a vague sort of manner that ho had not seen Beryl wearing it for some weeks past, though it spoko very powerfully to Mr. Lewii. That gentleman, whoever he might be, made his way to the Rookery with an air of groat patiafaotioD, whioh Jam Statman perceived immediately. " You've found out something," said Jem, at onoo "I rather fancy I have," said Mr Lewis. " I've seen-thWresa-and it matohcXjexsotly though to^libile^fool wh«>w*s-»$lf»ri'fe« it had no idea I waâ^ing^took;xTBoï,tl«%è'«) boba sion for hint to^pook now.'^. " You think not ?" -2> " I am sure of it " " When will it oomo off?" aaked Jem in a tono of eager enquiry. " Not to night-there aro several things to bo douo first " " Thcro's no ohanoo of their finding out up there, oh ?" " Not a bit of it Don't you bo afraid, tny man. I know what I'm about," replied tho strangor. " There'll bo moro visitors than they reokon on at the wedding, to morrow. Soo ii there ain't." (To be continued,) 