pO :i l o1JO n'fl.l c |he MISTEYZ S OF THE CASTLE. Or the .=. : -.: ENSATIONUAL TORY. d r C -i X IXiX--. s:-'.JSrZ r~~u-2i rei 1 1 -5. -j. " S<', .-=- *n.- i ethi v- " r" " hr:dcal .d lose tha.: i I he.'^ ^ri:-,- Co- :>u. -arhd as Ia L tr it at,-: i rr e, ?,r.I srm-, ' .ehind th~e 0A- *:*--' i :- -» :r. euiii I me my -A' "r: w?o--u'e - alion i.a k en wide f i rI '-- -i --ben h ,a hean [ i T Cp-my c: li ac-'unt'. behind the h-eaT aL-k. dTraetrife-, 7hdo- w-y frrm horer I \- y fa r, my moitier, Hcirmaun, EupSnie, I my5l. -. ' SWha: hid b co - of ;dl the magnis- i cwecie and .ple(tdor iithat had formerly i been displaved in this court-yard 1 The -men ad maid servsants now moved about l 'sithn noi :e;s- step; the equipages which for?-ceri- -.-od uresfor the entrance had i i di" pipe-red, and :" e wild vines. whoe i div t:un- overhung the eaes and were jis [puttin:- forth th-eir nirst green buds, i aeiei to in elike thie bughs of a weeping wilow.a I should have died to, if I had re mained there. A stra;nge restlessness 1 kett me in a son or fever. I was a stranger in my home, and even worse. I i feti afraid, thouI h I knew not why. I hnust get away, and even the one night I was still obliged to spend here inspired me with terror, because I feared the drbeaurm-for that would certainly appear before me again if I closed my eyes. My errand was performed. I acknow ledgied to mysetl that to pay a second isit to the tomb was beyond my streng.' Early t?he -zex muing I rtould continue h my journey alonde without my maid, who wa, to remain in Gertrude's care. I had only ten miles to :g to reach the quietn should where my riend,, the good doctor, m o one shourld learn where I was, at lert e in a il, in solitude and uneon straing in mtrcoure with nature, I had rfga.t1 ra my composnrew, succeeded in mbruai.k ail ties with the past. ':me wi, tarro afterc I reached the convet. dA -f.. . tha u iert emotion o rt atitud pe eforiend aind i ouncellor iilled e my h erran y etrance, rfor I felt that here in t-is poradise li nature, here in thisit Ealy sinessx; where every morning and e ten ir seemed to sin a hoanna to the let.-: -in hnis enchanting solitude all u ci-oantn: chordls must become silent, all raie agaitr fate w reconcaled, and the EsareLd gr-? ay herself, I succeeded in obtairing ;. certain degree of calmness, a bgrTdual coiale esnce of the oul, and thu'yh o ic!;5 often rose from its inmosat ep:ths an r I was freacend t again over power'ed by the la oung elor ftose I had lost, the man whose face 1 Culd never iforget. I f i a saisfaction, a ceFrtain sort or prine, when I vancruished the yearing. Writing myn journal in particular, far fromn rouingr the old sorrow agafh, always soothed me. In EO doing I placed myself outside of my grierf by imagining that I was relating the fate of another, and Ehould I noit have been forced to blame that other whose deitiny I described if I had found she did not possess the strength which God has given to every one ap pointed to suffer ? iNot until I had finished the record of my fate, and failed to find any other occu pr&ija; into which I could enter with my whole soul, did the old painful longing bein to stir in my heart again. The nights which had passed in quiet repose were once more animated with visions of the past, and of these one always stood forth most distinctly, that of my lost Otto. The thought of what might have become of him robbed me of slumber. I was unable to stay in my room, and in the darkness of night, and warm, beautiful summer night, wandered about the grounds and approached the shore of the little pond, from whose sedge T frightened the dragon-flies, which flew glittering away, and sfanrled the glowworms that sparkled in the grai like tiny stars. Misforuile seemed to pursue me even in my solitude. I stood at the window of my room pale with terror, for I saw Stephanie von Ebersburg, attired in a plain, unpretending dress, walking through the garden beside the prioress. How came she here ? What brought her to this saylum, accustomed as she was to shine in the firmament of society like a sun. I shuddered as the thought occured to me that she might be an emissary of Langenbach, the man from whose energy in the pursuit of an object I might expect anything. I did not venture to question her, but heard that the Baronees von Ebersburg had sounht an asylum here to strengthen her health in the seclusion of our Eden. This might be a mere pretext, yet a week elapsed, and I, who watched her carefully from my room, had discovered nothing suspicious in her manner. Stephanie evidently sought solitude. She iok long walks, always alone, and usually did not return until nearly mid night. I could not help supposing that she had seen me or knew of my presence, but she seemed to take no notice of it, and I care aully avo:aea ner. When some vague impulse urged me, also, to go into the open air as evening was closing in, when-perhaps her pre sence had something to do with it-sleep no longer visited my pillow, when the old agony of longing seized upon me again, and I was forced to seek calmness by wandering in the gathering dusk through the extensive grounds attached to the convent, my suffering was blended with anxiety lest I might meet her on my lonely walks, that she might suddenly stand before me ; and what then ? The moment she appeared I felt that my peace of mind was gone, and the occurrence I had dreaded in my walks actually happened. But it was what I had not hoped, could not venture to hope for. I must be forever grateful to her for coming here, miut bless the moment when, shrinking back under the dusky shadow of the vines, I saw in the moonlight, which shone brightly on the.gravel wa?l before th hcnria-ukl: arthr at the fr.jt of one of the Qd coL ven towers, Stephanie stting? on the tench within, while a- man was "kn lhng b.fore her, upumrning a face or,?se-i.e i its pallor, a face which froze the biA in my veina, and hushed a cry it "Eanor on my tips, for it was that of a dadl man -Hermann ? I know not What hppened neLt. I reg ained my cons-.ousanel , parlazed in every limb, in the sriot where this face, ,ii group had appeare? to me. Hoids had had elaed ince then. The arbor was enpty. The moon still shon- brightly on the r~vel walk. Every th taround4 me wai sl as death. I draged myrSedl up to the spot, sank ,ion :u the old md =-grown :one ' bench, 1ud :-pported my bturni r' frehe.di on s- hand, while I Srove to exyilain the 1 ty rtery of t¬IS Iah. fa- c Was it a vizion (f my fevcrih. excij ed ifamn ? Certainly. For several days I -l felt ill,. nerv?usly agitated, i.ad -:-rceir taken fii or drink, d and -,kould `se ?en:: obliged to keetp my ted if my r+=! esses had permiitt-d me to do o. As d the consequence of all this was this !;?"..q--ltu -i horrible delus?io?n 1 A th.e sight of Stephanie, my imagina a, -i conjured up my brother als., and ha! ssi e : kei pale. pale as a dead This cncnviction partly soothed me. I 'endeavoCred to reaiun my composure· , re t rlved non to leave my bed -ll the next d.ay, and rose from my seat. Ju: at the momnent my eyes fell upon I cofsmwd marks in the sand ao: my fee:. I ;-,zti s;eadily at them, and recalled to awy memor- the grrop which I thought a I h '-d ^ n s?arcel" twenty paces away. " Merciful G.d. grant me the power to e udge clearly," I exclaimed, pressing rbth hands to my throbbing temples. "Hermann is dead, and if he is, who was it that I saw kneeling here at her feei, Swiho wore the pale, bloxdiless face of my t n brother, which excited such horror \- in my :oul, and vet should have filled my e heart with joy if it were no ghostly ap a panrnon of my fancy. y If Hermann was still among the living, r life would be restored to PRadom, to my Sself. But it was surely impossible It I was \- a deceptive vi=ion conjured up by my y hopes, and yet those marks in the sand e before me, and yonder-yonder on the t edge of the turf, lay a dark object. h I stooped down. It was a woman's 4i dark glove. Stephanie had been here; e there was no doubt of that. But it was e my fancy which had shown my brother, for Hermann was dead. g This thought was born of the convric tion which had just arisen in my mind. I I had perceived my brother's face too is plainly for it to be a vison ; had dis a tinctly seen Stephanie whispering to him I as he knelt. The group appeared before I my memory in the clearest outlines; if I my mistake were pc asible, it was a decep tion in the features. And yet, was it e conceivable that a sister could believe a r stranger's face to be her own brother's ? I sat in the same spot for a long time, _ absorbed in thought, racking my brains it to explain the circumstances of this appa . rition, until at last, completely bewil 1e dered, I turned towards home, taking with me the glove which was to serve as .d a pledge of the truth of my discovery. r, CAPTEE XX. .- SiR APTHILE ' P.RElELA TIro_. It Early the next morning I stood shiver s- ing at the window. The excitement had id thrown me into a fever. in Instead of seeking Stephanie to demand from her the truth, which, s Hermann's Lt sister, she owed me. I could not make up I my mind to leave the room, sent word t that I was ill. spent the whole day with re in the four walls of my chamber, and is eagerly awaited the approach of evening. d Night. which usuaH conceals every be thing, should bring me cerrtainty. l I would wach--follow Stephanie. ill But to my disappointment she entered e the ground. before drkniess had closed in, took an entirely different direction, se and then snuddenly returned to the con e ven?. in Some presentiment told me that I had a reached another crisis of my fate, that I he wa to be again put to the test. f ight had fallen long before I finished At nly diary. I went to the window and in Shaled the fresh night air, which bore on ad it.s wings the frlagrance of the flowers rr b ming in the pyrk. Was Hermann lt still alive, was he near me; had he 'been g. Iroused from the dead by that Circe to be iar subject to her influence again i L Bright as was the hope contained in elf the thought that Hermann lived, I shud Sdered when I gazed at the thin, ragged ad clouds which sometimes swept over the me moon like a veil; shuddered when I re Sf cIalled the sight of that group. th Was it, my brother's ghost, or the real, p living man? His face was so deadly pale, and his voice, which I fancied I of heard before I lost consciousness, no :u* longer preserved its clear, ringing tone; it was low, tremulous, hollow, and, ngthough not ghostly, poseessed none of the 'he qualities of the voices of the living, the ,s bell-like sound which had given my bro i ther, in particular, such a strong, impe rious tone. And now--did not the same faint Ssounds I was recalling rise to my ears from below I the Trembling from head to foot, I started ful up and listened. Some delusion of the the senses might bring that voice to me he again. I leaned out beneath the arch led above the window which concealed me to ing see if any one were moving beneath, and tat strained my eyes to penetrate the gloom cast by the clouds upon the thickets and en the turf at my feetl o whisper reached me, andI heard f ootsteps grate upon the gravel. At that Smoment a broad stream of light pierced Lg through the clouds and fell upon the avenue of maples just as two figures ·ht emerged from it arm in arm -the same Sones I thought I had surprised in the arbor. That was Stephanie! and the tall, to slight man beside her- "Hermann !" criofed a voice in my heart, but my lips stifled the sound. S I was in a state of the greatest bewilder ment-the most uncontrollable agit- tion. but I must have some certainty, but how was it to be obtained ? Jr looked.out of the window again to n. convince myself that my eyes and ears had not deceived me. her The two were just disappearing in the avenue. I must go out ! This time I was sure de that my mind was perfectly clear; that I was the victim of no deception. I had a d right to know whether my brother was still alive. had But how was I to get out ? lndoub she tedly Stephanie, by bribing the portress, used for her nocturnal rambles the little Ire- , , . wjUI III LIM liI[ 01 U1t LeuYO eUL. 1i1A1 door must remain open to admit her ne, again. \- Hastily forming my resolution. I wrapped myself in a dark waterprooi ep cloak, drew the hood over my head, entered the broad, vaulted corridor, Sgroped my way along the cold stone wall, Sfound the narrow side passage which led to a flight of steep, narrow atairs, and the passing down them reached the little 1 door. my A slight pressure on the massive bolt \- -it yielded, and to my nnspeakable joy .at I found myself under the screen of ivy he which concealed the little door. lks (To be continued.) ild e As Euraq1wAi would sarcely be minded by the rei-dents of Feverand Ague localities,so used are the re, tobei sh en up periodically. If peole a obliged ing to live M suc unheathy regios they should take the precautoon to defendtheirsyste= si2s ths ltacks th ag aryal i<h¥ to ofPrBhe».ity SOB .. MBe IUegt Proit tinqa a oo fth 4 TIeouua . Tohe'a t :Z5Adi AiuOyiaScejyii prt aet or -y1 *su d Ity 0 VWr OlMR. 