l^itxtimt & $tima. AK OPEN YERPICT. A NEW NOVEL, Bt thb A-irrnoK ok '? Lady Attotby's ? Sbceet,' ' Take* at thb Flood,' ' Dead Haw's' Shoes,' '''WEAVufts akd Wbft,' *pc. [Published by special arrangement with She Author' Alliigitts reserved.] Chapter V. — Hia Italian Wr»K. \- That deep snadow of gloom -which had ? fallen upon Christian Harefield's life seemed to have descended also upon the house he M^ed in. The hoose^— with its low cer' ings, narrow corridors, strange ins ani outs, odd corners, and- black oak panelling1, had doubtless been more or less gloomy of aspect for the last two^hundred yeavs. But an old-world gloom like this contrasts plea^ sanity wim me movement ana Dusue on glad domestic life — the flashes of sudden color — the glow of many hearths — winter's yule log and summer's wealth of flowers — tbe fresh shrill voices of young children — the hospitalities of eventide, tbe passing in and out of many figures, varied yet recur rent as the combinations of a kaleidoscope. For the jlast fifty years the Water House bad been known to all Little Yafford, and ?within a radius of twenty miles,- as a grave and sober mansion, -where high jinks of any kind -were as little to be expected as a re appearance of white-robed oak-crowned Druids in that stony circle on the moor which had once reeSed with the blood of human victims. Old Christian Harefield, the father of the present owner of the estate, had been dis tinguished for various eccentricities, tbe chief of which was love of money. He did not love it too well to spend it on himself, but he loved it too well to waste it upon hia fellow-crea,tures, -whom he did not love. He was a born man-hater. No youthful disappointments., no wrong doing of a familiar friend, no inconstancy of a woman had soured his temper or changed the cur rent of his life. In his nursery be had regarded outside humanity with a cold distrust, and had been Bftlfisk in tbe transactions of bis babyhood. At Eton be was known as tbe most respectable of lads, and was universally detested. There was a lesyend of his having given a boy he disliked the scarlatina, deliberately and of malice aforethought ; and tbis was tbe only tbing be bad ever been kaown to give away. At tne University he took care of himself, made his rooms tbe prettiest in his quad, rode good horses, read diligently, and took bis degree with ease — but he refused all in vitations to wine parties, rather than incur tbe expense of returning hospitality— and he was remembered among bis contem poraries as Stingy Harefield. When the time came for him to marry be made no at tempt to escape that ordeal, as it presented itself to bim in the form of an alliance with a young lady whose father bad enriched himself by commerce, and bai recently ac quired a large tract of land conterminous with tbe Water Housa estate. The young lady and tbe tract of laud went in one lot, and Christian married ber without feeling himself guilty of that kind of sentimental folly called 'falling iu love,' which offended bis reason in those inferior animals whom stern necessity obliged him- to ac knowledge as bis-fellow-cveatures. Froai tbis alliance of tbe mercantile classes and tbe lauded gentry sprang an only child, Christian tbe Second. In bis boyhood aud youth be gave indications of a nobler and wider nature than Ms father's. He was careless of money — had his attachments among bis school-fellows and companions at the University — gave wine parties on a larger scale than any undergraduate of bis year — read bard — rode bard — was at once dissipated and a student — came through bis examinations with flying colors, and left behind him a reputation which caused at least .half-a-dozen fresh men to ruin themselves in tbe endeavor to imitate *? Alcibiades Harefield,' that being tbe name Christian the Second had -won for himself. There were bard words between father and son when the young man went back to tbe Water House witb a B.A. degree and a sheaf of bills on a more tremendous scale than usual. His motherVestate bad been settled upon Christian tbe younger, and, beyond those paternal reproaches, he suf fered very little from his extravagance. His majority, which bad been wisely or un wisely deferred to bis twenty-fifth birth day, would make him independent. He stayed a month or so at the Water House — shot on the moors — read late of nights in tbe sombre library — dined out very often, and saw as little of his father as was con sistent witb occupation of the same bouse. After this brief experience of domestic life, be went off to tbe Continent, and remained there roaming from city to city, for the next ten years of bis life, bis father living on quietly at the Water House all the time, eating, and sleeping, and riding bis steady cob, and generally taking care of himself in an eminently respectable and gentleman like manner. In the tenth year of his- sou's absence the father died suddenly of apo plexy — a catastrophe which seemed to most people in Little Yafford the natural close of a selfish self-indulgent life. Christian appeared at the Water House in time for tie funeral, after travelling day and night for a week. He saw his father buried, be examined bis father's papers in Mr. Scratehell's presence, and he perused his father's will drawn by Mr. Scratchell, and leaving everything to 'my only son, Christian Harefield.' The will had been made, directly after Mra. Harefield's death, when Christian the younger was still at Eton, and although the father and son had not got on particularly well together afterwards,. Christian the elder had not troubled him self to alter his bequest. He was too essentially selfish to leave a shilling away from his own flesh and blood. Christian had not treated him well, but Christian, was in some -wise a part of himself; and al though he did not care much for Christian, there was nobody else for \riiom he cared at all. Christian Harefield, now loird of the double estates, went back to the Continent, -wbeTe be -was heard of no moxe for the next five years, at the end of which, time there came a report of bis marriage with a very handsome Italian girl ; but as everybody in Little Yafford remarked 'there had been no advertisement in the Times, which made the whole tbing seem rather odd and ir regulat' A year 05 two later Mr, Harofield, -eras heard of as Jiving nesr Florence with the lovely Italian vrSe and a I*by, and nina year* after Lis fatbef's- death be eame sud denly home to tbe %ater Hcnee, bring ing the lorely wife and * little girl of three years of«L home with him'. He was now * man of middle age, very grave of aspect, but courteous and not inaccessible. Aged people at little Yafford began to speculate upon a chai%e at the Water House. It would be as it hod been w^eh the late Christian Harefield was a child— and old Mr. and Mrs. Harefield gave bunting? breakfasts and dinners, and the- old place was kept up altogether as it ought to be — with a great deal of company in tbe' riinincr room, and plenty of vn&ste; and riofc in- the kitchen and servants' hail. ' ?„ Christian Harefield did not quittfrealisa those hopes which memory had evoked in tbe hearts of tbe oldest inhabitants ' of Little Yafford — but bs-was not unsocial. Tbe Water House resumed something of its ancient splendor — thera- was a lam-© household liberally conducted-— a fine sfead of horses in the roomy oik; stables. Mr. .auiejieiu reteiveu uis neigRnors COraiatty» . and gave dinners enough to satisfy the most exacting among bis friends. There bad been a great many stories, for the most part purely the woi-k :-rf invention^ or of that gradual cohesion; of casual particles floating in space by which a acan^ dalous tumor is sometimes created. Som» people bad heard as a certain fact that the beautiful Italian bad been a flower-girl, and that Mr. Harefield had seen ber selling violets in the streets of Florence. Others ? were equally certain that she had been an opera singer — others were assured that ballet danc'ng bad been her profession at tbe time she attracted ber wealthy lover'a attention. The more scandalous hinted darkly that she was «)mebody else's runaway ? wife, and that Christian Harefield'3 mar riage was no marriage at all. But by tbe time Mr. and Mrs. Hare field bad been living at the Water House three months, tbe slightest allusioa to one of these once favorite scandals was ? about as great a solecism as any one in ; Little Yafford could be guilty of. The ?- ancient slanders were sunk in the Red Sea of oblivion. Those who had been most active in disseminating tbe legends forgot - all about them — could not have taxed their memory with the slightest detail, would have looked quite puzzled if any underbred intruder in polite society had questioned them on the subject or recalled former assertions. There -was a dignity about Christian Harefield — a subdued elegance about his lovely wife — which made suck legends as Little Yafford had formerly believed in obliviously and distinctly im possible. He marry a ballet-girl dancer, the proudest of men ! She sell penny bunches of violets, tbe most aristocratic of women! All the best people of, Little Yafford visited tbe Water House, and swore by Mrs. Harefield. She was not a woman to make ber in fluence widely felt even in that quiefrcircle. Beauty and elegance were bere chief gifts. She was passionately fond of music — played exquisitely in a style of her own, -which was poetic rather than brilliant — sang sweetly, of execution which would have justified the story of her having been a prima donna. She had graceful manners, and distinction of bearing, but the leading spirits in Little Yafford, Mrs. Dulcimer, Lady Jane Gowry, and an old Mrs. Pynsent decided that she had not much mind. ' She can only look lovely, myvdear, and curteey, in that foreign way of hers, which reminds me of my young days, when ladies behaved like ladies, and good manners had not begun to get obsolete,' said Lady Jane to her dear Mrs. Dulcimer. ' She can only look elegant and sit at her piaro and suffer us to admire her, just as we should if she were the Venus de Milo in the Louvre. I don't think she bas mucb more feeling or passion than that one-armed statue — but she is quite as lovely, and I suppose that 13 enough for Mr. Harefield !' Everybody agreed that Christian Hare field was devoted to bis wife, aad that it ' was a happy marriage. But for his little girl be had evidently no very warm regard. , As time went on, and no second baby.ap peared the father began to feel himself per sonally injured by the sex of bis only child., - She ought to have been a son. Here was . the great Harefield property^ in danger of travelling out of the direct' line, and be longing to some spurious Harefield, who.*' should only assume that good old name by royal letters patent. And it seemed to- * Christian — large minded and.cosm.opolitan as he considered himself — that it would be a loss to English society if real Harefields should become extinct in tbe land. Tbi& idea that bis daughter was a mistake grewr upon bim, and by.slow degrees began to go hand in band with another idea — of a fat more injurious and dangemus nature — and that was tbe fancy that his wife loved ;the child better than she loved him* These tender maternal caresses which, the gentbx Italian lavished on her little girl, galled, her . husband almost as much as if he Lad.seen , them given to a rival. This, was tbe first arising of that sombre passion which was afterwards vo turn all bis life to, noison. He first learned the meaning of jealousy when be sat by nis own nresiae watcuing the lovely face opposite bim smiling doronupon Beatrix. He bad never cared1 for cbildten in tbe abstract, never had perceived any special poetry or beauty in young- lives-and small round rosy faces; ana be could see. nothing to love or admire in Beatrix^ who' at this stage of ber existence, was small and sallow, u a little yellow- things aH eyes ? and mouth,' as be himself described berl . It wa» a constant irritation to- him to see, suck blind unreasoning affection squandered ' upon so unlovely an object. He spent one winter and a spring 'at the Water House and then carried * his wife - away with bim to Baden, and from Baden went to Florence for the winter, leaving: Beatrix in charge of a conscientious and elderly governess at Little Yafford. The . child was almost heart-broken at tbe loss of that loving mother, but ae one except Miss. Scales, the governess^ knew anything -aboo* - it, and Miss Scales wrote 5fe. Harefield: eheery letters telling her thit dear liyie Trix was getting tall and strong, and ft&d; just gone into words of two syllables, ' -' Mr. and Mrs. Harefield cameback to the Water House and spent the summer and autumn at borne, and gave partieaandiniule themselves generally agreeable. Biencaja©: winter and migration to tie south,' B&finx;' v staying behind with Hub Stifles as ^before. This winter she wit into words of three . syllables, and made email excurriqnflinto various t oreign. grajWMWf taMngf %9 Itft&Wt; naturally, as a duct Latched by a lien takes to the -water. This kind of life went on till Beatrix was ten, Mr. and Mrs. Harefield's sojourn at the Water House growing briefer each year, and by degrees there arose a' feeling' in Little Yaffordthat Mr. and Mrs. Harefield ?were not quite the happiest couple in the ?world, that there -were more clouds than sunshine in that small home circle- -These things made themselves known somehow. It was hinted that there -were quarrels. Mi*. Harefield had a distressed look some times. Beatrix was not so often found in the1 drawing-ropm with her mother when people called. Good-natured Mrs. Dulci mer discovered that the little girl was always cooped up in the schoolroom, or sent «ut for dreary walks with her governess, and felt herself called upon to interfere and, draw Mrs. liarefield's attention to this neglect of maternal duty; but Mrs. Hare field, mildly graceful as she was at times, received the remonstrance with a placid dignity which rebuked the good-natured busybody. fft There was trouble of some kind evidently at the Water House, but no one in little Yafford could ever get face to face with the skeleton. Italian friends of Mrs. Hare field's appeared upon the scene, but Little Yafford was not invited to meet these foreigners. Then came autumn, and another migration to warmer lands, and this time Miss Scales and Beatrix went with the travellers. - 'That is more as It should be,' said Mrs. Dulcimer, triumphantly. 'So you see after' all, Clement, my remonstrance had some effect' ' If ever I find that any act of interfe rence:jwith other people's conduct of their ?wn affairs has a good effect, I will reverse the whole theory of morals Which I have made for myself, in relation to my neigh bor,' answered Mr. Dulcimer, with unac customed energy. This last journey was fatal. Six weeks after the travellers left the Water House, little Y afford was startled by the tidings of Mrs. Harefield's death. She had died sud denly, at a little roadside inn, among the mountains — the loveliest spot on earth she could well have found for life's closing scene. She had gone there alone with her husband on their way from Naples to Ree^is, leaving Beatrix and her governess at Naples. Mr. Harefield was distracted, and had gone off to wander no one knew where, after sending his child and the governess home to the Water House Little Beatrix appeared there by-rand-by, a silent and almost ghost-like child, whose small face looked unnaturally white above the dense blackness of her frock. 'It's absolutely heartrending to see a Christian gentleman's child look so like one's idea of a vampire,' exclaimed com passionate Mrs. Dulcimer, and she tried to lure the little girl to the Vicarage with a view to petting and making her happy ; but Miss Scales guarded her pupil as jealously as if she had been a griffin in a fairy tale keeping watch and ward over an enchanted princess. It was the universal opinion in Little Yafford — a kind of foregone conclusion — that Mr. Harefield would wander for years, and return to the Water House after a decade or two with long grey hair and a bent backbone, and the general appearance of a pilgrim. He disappointed everybody's expectations by coming* back early in the spring and taking up his abode permanently in the grave old house, which now put on the mantle of silence and gloom which had never been lifted from it since. Under this shadow of gloom, encircled by this perpetual silence and monotony, Beatrix had grown from childhood to womanhood. You could hear the dropping of the light wood ashes in a distant room as you stood in the hall at the Water House — or the chirping of a winter robin in the garden outside the windows — or the ticking of the dining-room clock — but of human voice or motion there was hardly anything to be heard. The kitchens and offices were re mote, and the servants knew the value of good wages and a comfortable home too well to let any token of their existence reach Mr. Harefield's ears. The master of that silent house sat in his library at the end of the low corridor, andread, or smoked, or mused, or wrote in solitude. Sometimes - he took his daily ride or walk in a'l ?weathers, for months at a stretch — at other times he wotdd remain for several weeks without leaving the house. He received no guests — he visited no one — having taken the trouble, immediately after his return, to let people know that he had come to the Water House in search of solitude and not sympathy. Scratchell, his lawyer and agent, and Mr. Namby, the family doctor, were the only two men freely admitted to his presence — and of these he saw as little as possible. He allowed Isabella Scratchell to be with his daughter as much as Beatrix pleased to have her, but he never sat at meals with them or honored them with his society. ? His hours were different from theirs — and they had Miss Scales to take cave of thorn. What could they want more? One day, when Beatrix was between 16 and 17, Mrs. Dulcimer met the misanthrope in one of his solitary walks on the Druid's moor, and ventured — not without inward fear and trembling — to attack him on the subject of his daughter's solitary life. ' It must be very dull for Beatrix at the Water House,' she said. ' I daresay it is, madam,' answered Christian Harefield, with austere civilitv, ' but I don't mind that. Dullness is good for young women — in my opinion.' 'Oh, but dear Mr. Harefield,' cried the Vicar's wife, emboldened by his politenes*, ' but there you differ from all the rest of the world.' ' I have not generally found the rest of the world so wise, my dear madam, as to distress myself because its opinions and. mine happen to be at variance.' Mrs. Dulcimer felt herself baffled. This .stony urbanity was too much for her. But she remembered Beatrix's pale joyless face as she had seen it in the chancel pew last Sunday, and made one more heroic effort. *'Mr. Harefield, I am not going to ask you to change your own habits— ^—' ' That would be wasted labor, madam.' 'Or ask people $o the Water House — — ' 'I would not do my friends so great a wrong.' 'But you might at least let Beatrix come to me. We are very qwei. people, at the vicarage-— Clement absorbed in his .books— I in my work basket. There would, be no gaietyj for her^but .there -would ;be the; change from one house to, another,— aud wef lie higher— you must.be ditmp at the T^ate House. I Tinow Beatrix has suffered from ' neuralgia- — ' ? '? . ~ 'A new fashion among young ladies, like the shape of their bonnets. I never heard of it when I was young.' \- 'Oh, it was called toothache then— but 'it was just as excruciating. Then you really will let her come,'' pursued Mrs. Dulcimer, pretending to make sure of his consent. . . ' Clement Dulcimer is a gentleman I greatlv respect, and you are the most amiable of women. I cannot see why I should forbid my daughter coming to you if you like to be troubled, with her. But I must make it a condition -that you do hot tale her anywhere else — that she is to come to your house and yours alone.' ' Most assuredly. I shall consider your wishes .upon that point sacred,' protested Mrs. Dulcimer, delighted with her success. She called on Beatrix the next day, and carried her off to the Vicarage. The girl had been carefully educated by conscientious Miss Scales, andknew everything that a girl of her age is supposed to know, except the theory of music. She could, have en lightened the Vicar about latitude aud longitude, and the subjunctive mood in vanous languages. But she had all the de ficiencies and peculiarities of a girl whose life had been lonely. She was proud and shy — what the Vicar caHed farouc7u-, and it was a long time before her new friendd could set her at ease. But when she dis expand they grew very fond of her, and that new life at the vicarage was like the beginning of her youth. She had never felt herself young before. Miss Scales' prim perfection had been like a band of iron about her life. Her father's gloom and hardness had weighed upon her like an actual burden. She had waked in the night sobbing, roused from some dim strange dream of an impossible happiness, by the recollection tbat she had a father who had never loved her, who never would love her. This hardness of her jfather had 'gradu ally hardened her feelings towards him. She had left off hoping for any change in him, and with the cessation of hope came a stream of bitterness which overwhelmed every sweet and filial sentiment. As she grew from child to woman, her memories of the past took a new shape. Well re membered scenes acted themselves over again before her mental vision under a new and more vivid light. She began to see that there had been unhappiness in her mother's life — and that her father had been the cause of it — that the cloud had always come from him. Brief episodes of that bygone life flashed back upon her with a cruel distinctness. She remembered herself leaning on her mother's shoulder one evening as Mrs. Harefield sat at the drawing-room piano weaving the sweet tangle of Italian melody she loved so well. It was a summer twi light, and the windows were all open, the garden was full of roses, the river shining under the setting sun. She remembered her father's coming in suddenly, and walking up to the piano. He took her by the wrist with a hard strong hand that hurt her a little. ' Go to your governess,' lie said. ' I want to talk to your mother.' And then, before she could reach the door, she heard him say, ' So you have seen Antonio again.' These words haunted her curiously now that she was growing a woman. Who was Antonio ? She could remember no one in the history of her life to whom that name belonged. It was an Italian name — the name of one of those Italian friends of her mother's who came and went, in those me mory pictures, like figures in a dream. Slie could not distinguish one from the other. They had aU paTe dark faces, like ivory that had been shut from the light, and dark gleaming eyes, and hair like the shining wings of the rooks in the tall old elm tops, yonder. But she could not recall any one of them who had impressed her — a wonder ing child of seven — more thau the rest. Yes, there was one — the one who sang so beautifully. She could remember sitting on her mother's lap one evening before dinner — the room dimly lighted — no one present but her mother and the Italian gentleman. She remembered his sitting at the piano and singing — church, music — music that thrilled her, till in a nervous ecstacy, ska burst into tears, and her mother soothed her and earned her away, saying some thing to the strange gentleman in Italian as she went towards the door, arid he got up from the piano and came to them and stopped on the threshold to bend down and kiss her, as she had never been kissed be fore in all her life. She could remember the kiss now — though it was ten years ago. And he said something in Italian, some thing that seemed half sorrow and half anger. Was that Antonio ? Her mother's room had never been openad by any one but Christian Harefield since b/s return to the Water House after that last fatal journey. There was something ghostly in the idea of those rooms facing the river, those three locked doors in the lonjj oak gallery. Beatrix passed those sealed doors always with a thrill of pain. If her mother had but lived — how different, how different life would have been for her. There would have been sorrow, perhaps — for she knew there had been sorrow in the last year of her mother's life— but they two would have shared it. They would have clung to each other closer, loved each other more fondly, because of the husband and father's unlnndness. 'What would papa matter to me if I had mamma?' she thought. 'He would be only a gloomy person coming in and out like the dark brief night which comes in and out among the summer days: We should not have minded him. We should have ac cepted him as a part of nature — the shadow that made our sunshine brighter.' Often and often she sat on the bench on the liver terrace, leaning. back with her arms folded above her head, looking up at those seven blank windows — darkly shut tered — three windows for the spacious old bedroom — one for the narrow dressing closet — three for the pretty morning-room which she remembered dimly — a white panelled room with pale blue curtains all worked with birds and flowers in many colored silks — black and gold Japanese cabi nets — a tall ckimneypjiece. with a curious old looking-glass above it, let into the^wall — picturesr-and red. and blue china jars— a faint odor of pot pourri— a frame for Berlin woolwork — with a.1group;pf '.un^ finished - roses that, never seemed pp'grow ? any bigger^ . ? '. . -r ....'.,';... j 'Dear room;' she said, *rtp think, that I diculd Iiye so near yojii— pass ypur dpor every day — and yet remember you so faintly as if you were a dream !' Once a curious fancy flashed upon her as she sat .in the evening glow, looking aip at these windows. '. Perhaps Antonio's picture is in that room.' ' , She had just recollected a miniature .in a velvet case which she had opened one day — the picture of a gentleman. She had only glanced at it, when her mother took the case from her and put it away. The com plexion was more beautiful than Antonio's — supposing the gentleman who sang- the church music to have been Antonio— but then people's complexions in portraits are generally superior to the reality. Kind as her friends at the Vicarage were, Beatrix never talked to them of these old memories. The past was a sealed book. Not' for worlds could she have spoken of it — ?even to Isabella, with whom she conversed sis freely, in a general way, as a little girl talks to her doll. The new home life at the vicarage brightened her wonderfully. Her reserve wore off as she grew accustomed to. that friendly household. She was enraptured 'with Mr. Dulcimer's library— her father's book-shelves being as inaccessible for her as the Vatican. Here, on the Vicar's well stocked shelves she foirad those Italian poets her mother must have loved — prose writers too — quaint old romances in white vellum, on curious ribbed paper, printed at Venice two hundred years ago. She spent many an hour sitting on a hassock in the sunny bo,w window, with a pile of those old Italian books on the floor beside her — while the Vicar sat at his big table annotating Berkeley — or making excursions into the world of science. Here she read the Bridgewater Treatises, and got her first grand idea of the universe. Here her young mind soared away from the narrow track along which Miss Scales had conducted it, and entered the regions of poetry and delight. And here— in this sunny old room, with its walls of books and its shabby heterogenous furniture — Young Love took her by the hand, and led her across the threshold of her wonder-world. Here she first met Cyril Culverhouse, and learnt how fair a thing piety may seem in a bright young soul eager to do some good in its generation. Religion, hitherto, as inter preted by Miss Scales, had appeared to her a hard and difficult business which no one could take to except under severe pressure — a system of punishments and penances in vented for the torment of mankind. But in Cyril's teaching how different it all seemed! Religion became a sentiment to live or die for — without it happiness or peace of mind seemed impossible. ' Your mamma belonged to the old faith, perhaps,' he said one day, when they were talking of High and Low Church. Beatrix gave a faint shiver. ' I doa't know,' she answered sadly. ' Mamma never talked to me about religion. I was too young, perhaps.' Cyril found her curiously ignorant of all that was most vital in religion, and his first interest in her arose from this very ignorance of hers. He was so glad to set her right — to get her out of the narrow Scales track, Miss Scales being essentially Low Church, and scenting Roman en croachments in an anthem or a sur plice. The interest soon deepened, but be could hardly have told when it first grew into love. Perhaps that might never have come if Beatrix 8 fresh young soul had not gone out to meet his unawares, so that ere he knew himself a lover he found himself beloved. The thought was full of rapture, for at this stage of their friendship she seemed to him the most perfect among women — the lovely embodiment of youth and innocence, and noble yearnings, truthfulness, purity, all things fair and holy. But the considera tion that she was Christian Harefield's heiress dashed his joy. He saw himself in advance branded in the sight of men as the clerical adventurer, who, under the guise of religion, had pushed bis own fortune. Then it was — while it was still a new thing for them to talk of their mutual love — that he told Beatrix her father must be informed of their attachment. (To be continued.) 