THE DESIGN AND TENDENCY OF INTRO DUCING POPISH SYMBOLS AMONG PROTESTANTS, AND OF THE WEARING OF THE CROSS AS 'AN ORNAMENT OF THE PERSON. Taut II. The Altar Lights represent the descent of . the Holy Ghost in the form of fiery tongues, and His descent is expected to take place then and there. The Vestments worn are of different colours at different times : whits on the Anniversaries of saints who did not die martyrs, red on the anniversaries of those who did, violet in times of I>enance,-and bla'ck 011 Good Friday. The Albe represents the white robe our Saviour wore on being sent back to Pilate by Herod. 'The Cincture is 'the Cord which bound our Saviour to the Cross. The Stole, the manner in which He was fastened to the Cross. The Stone Altar represents the Rock of Ages. The Cruc$» symbolises." the doctrine of the Atonement, and teaches that it is still going on. The noses of the sensuous worshippers are tickled by the burning of a mixture of casearilla, benzion, sty rax, Burgundy pitch, musk, and burnt sugar; their eyes are charmed with a grand spectacle, beautiful dresses, rich pro cessions, and floral effects ; the ear drinks in delicious music, and thus religion is played with. But beautiful colours, dramatic genuflexions, and very rich music, do not necessarily increase and deepen tnie religious feeling. There may even be an entire absence of it.. Most of us can call to mind deep impressions derived from beautiful sights or harmonious sounds which had nothing to do with spiritual worship. Our Saviour told us that 'God was a spirit, and they that worship Him must worship Him in spirit and in truth.' (St. John iv. 24). . , Must we make religion an amusement and a fashion? Doubtless Ritualism is a charming religion for those who have none, but it is only a hollow sham, and a parody on sacred realities : it may do very well for the'1 London season, but it will not do for the hour of death and the day of judgment? , ' And now, having given some idea of the nature of the Symbolism at present practised by , professing ' Churchmen,' I proceed to speak;.of its designs and tendencies, for thoughtful people look to the future. The motto of the Ritualists is 'Crescit Indulgens.'- Let me say, in beginning, that the earliest plans of the Ritualists about 40 years ago when Dr. Pusey started his system, was to try and convince people of the truth of Romish doctrines which had been long cast aside by the Church, and then expect tliem to conform to the cere-, monies. This, however, was a failure : the . intellect and conscience of the English people revolted against it. The new plan is to begin at -the other end, with the ceremonies, and through -the senses to get at the intellect, conscience, and heart of the people. Young men and women are captivated by fine music, gorgeous ceremonials, rich and variegated dress, which, whether at a ball, opera, or Ritualistic Church, attract. How well this has succeeded most of us know. The Ritualists boast of it. Arch- <deaeon Denison says : — ' In two or three years the ritual has done as much as, or more than, the teaching has done in five-and-twenty.' With reference to the designs of this symbol ism my first assertion is that it aims at destroying all the doctrinal purity of the Scriptures, and especially the Gospel. Our first question as Protestant Churchmen is Does high ritual accord with the letter and spirit of the New Testament ? If it does, we are bound, as Protestaots, to accept it. As Churchmen we must remember what our Articles say : — 'Holy Scripture containeth all things neces sary to salvation : so that whatever is not read therein, nor may be proved thereby, is not to be required of any man that it should be believed as an article of the faith, or be thought requisite or necessary to salvation. ' — Art. vi. And again : — 'It is not lawful for the Church to ordain anything contrary to God's Word written. . . . Wherefore, although the Church be a witness and keeper of holy Wiit, yet, as it ought not to decree anything against the same, so besides the same ought it nought to enforce anything to be believed for necessity of salvation.' — Art. xx. These words are very plain, and to these Articles .all ministers of the Established Church have subscribed their names, and solemnly declared their assent at their ordination. The fifth canon also says : — ' Whosoever shall hereafter affirm that any of the nine-and-tliirty articles agreed upon by the archbishops and bishops of both provinces, and the whole clergy in the convocation holden in London, in the year of our Lord one thousand five hundred and sixty-two, are in any part superstitious or erroneous, or such as he may not with a good conscience subscribe unto, let him be excommunicated ipso facto, and not re stored but only by the archbishop after his repentance and public revocation of such of his wicked errors. In the Old Testament, the Book of Leviticus is sometimes quoted by the Ritualists in favour of their symbols, but it decides it in the negative. The Ritualists (for instance -Mr. M 'Coil's work) look at the fact of its existence partially. The fact that religious truth taught by Moses was truth taught by God is not more certain than that the observances enjoined by the Hebrew legislature in Leviticus were enjoinad by God. We must concede that Ritualism to such a people must have been appropriate. The function of magistrate and priest under Mosaic dispensation was purely administrative. All the ritual was by direct and strict command of God, even to the composition of the incense (see Ex. xxx. 34, &c.;), 'And Nadab and Abihu were slain by "the fire of the Lord" for offering , "strange fire." ' Now-a-days, instead of the in cense being made according to God's prescrip tion, it is varied according to the fancy of celebrant or chemist ; instead of being burnt by a divinely appointed priest, it is swung about by a boy in his teens ; instead of being lightod by fire from heaven, it is lighted by a lucifer. The Divine Being changes not. God would have given us a similar book to Leviticus had we needed it. But with the clearer light of the Gospel, all necessity for teaching men with symbols and pictures like children, had passed away. God revealed His truth to men pro gressively. Symbols were superseded as the realities came. It is the design and purport of the Epistle to the Hebrews to teach us this in clear and inspired language. It iB difficult to understand how any intelligent and lioneBt person can thoughtfully read this Epistle and yet contend for these symbols. Can the sym bolists show that we English in the 19th century are similarly placed to the Old Testa ment Jews, and can they prove that they have a divinely appointed ritual ? The direct teaching of the New Testament against symbolism is very clear. Read the teaching of our Lord in John, iv. 19-24, God is a Spirit, and they that worship Him must worship Him in spirit and in truth.' Is this language to be expected, humanly speaking, .from a Jew, and from the Messiah ? What must we infer ? That the local has given place to the universal, and the ritual to the spiritual, in the new and better covenant. Our Blessed Lord taught both by example and precept, yet it is remarkable how rarely we find Him conforming to any matter of pure ritual. Moreover He declared that 'the hour cometh, and now is, when the true worshippers shall worship te Father in spirit and in truth, for the Father seeketh such t© worship Him.' — John iv. 23. . Who can imagine our Saviour taking part in &ch; Popish pageantries as are now presented to us by men who would be thought eminently reverential and Christian in their doings ? Our Loi'd spoke much against the Ritualists of that period. ' How significant is the large space given to the exposure of Ritualistic errors of the Phari sees and Scribes in the brief golden words of the Gospel : — ' All their works they do to be seen by men ; they make broad their phylacteries, and enlarge the borders of their garmepts.' It is continually ' Woe unto you, Scribes and Pharisees, hypo crites.' ' Ye serpents, ye generation of vipers, how can ye escape the damnation of hell?' (Matt; xxiii.) What strong language for the gentle Saviour to use against men who were so careful to do all the works of the law, even to tithing their ' mint, anise, and cummin !' But our Lord knew that the sin of the Pharisees had been a besetting sin of human nature, and would remain so through many centuries to come. ' Beware of false prophets which come .ho you in sheep's clothing, but inwardly they are ravening wolves.' (Mark vii. 15.) : On no.other ground can we understand why this Pharisee occurs in the Gospel narrative so often. But student's of history know that it occupies the same type and space in the Church history of the last eighteen hundred years. Compare the accounts of our Lord's instituted rites of baptism, and the Lord'B Supper, with the performance of a Ritualistic priest, whilst celebrating them. In looking on the latter, ene instinctively thinks of what took place in Samaria a long time ago : ' There was a certain man called Simon, which beforetime in the same city, used sorcery, and bewitched the people of Samaria, giving out that himself was some great one, to whom they all gave heed, from the least to the greatest, saying, This man is the great power of God. And to him they had regard, because that of long time he had bewitched them with sorceries.' (Acts viii, 9-11.) St. Paul tells us that his ideas of Ritual were 'received of the Lord.' He did not attempt (like many since) to draw men off from their own rituals, either Jewish or Pagan, by inventing new ones. And yet, according to the Ritualists, this is what he should have done. Can Ritualists prove their doctrinal cere monies, either from the Epistle to the Galatians or 1st Corinthians ? Thus Ritualism aims at destroying the doctrinal purity of the Scrip tures. In the present essay £ need not go much into particular doctrines; but I have shown the general tone of the Scriptures on the subject of Ritualism. In Ritualism, too, the doctrinal purity ©f the Gospel is entirely lost. In ad dition to what I have stated, I will give for comparison the statements of the Ritualists and Romanists on Sacrameutalism, for this is the grand corruption and adulteration of the Gospel of Christ. I have already shown that the ' Real Presence ' is taught by the Ritualists. The statements of Mr. Orby Shipley are very clear 'The question i3, how can I individually place myself in possession of those superhuman gifts and graces which counteract sin ? I ans wer at once, and without hesitation, by- placing ourselves in accord with the sacramental system of the Catholic Church.' ' It is by means of the sacraments only that the precious blood of Jesus is applied to our particular and individual souls ; that incorpo ration with the Godhead is extended to each member of the Church.' ' There are seven sacraments and personal ex tensions of the incarnation of God — baptism, confirmation, eucharist, marriage, orders, penance, and extreme unction.' ' The Catholic faith, 1 will say, is a religion of sacraments. It is a faith of which the beginning is sacramental, the middle is sacra mental, and the close is sacramental. Not a single step can be taken in the supernatural life without the co-operation of sacraments.' — Sermons on Sin. This is what the Church of Rome teache3 : — ' The most holy sacraments of the Church, through which all true justice begins, or being begun is increased, or being lost is repaired.' ' If .any one saith that the sacraments are not necessary to salvation, but superfluous, and ' that without them, or without the desire there of, men obtain of God through faith alone, fhe grace of justification, let him be anathema.' — Council of ' Trent. And this is what St. Paul says : — ' Therefore, being justified by faith, we have peace with God through our Lord Jesus Christ.' (Rom. v. 1.) 'For by grace are ye saved through faith ; and that not of yourselves ; it is the gift of God : Not of works, lest any man : shouid boast.' (Eph. ii. 8, 9.) ' Here, indeed, I might stop when Protestants are convinced that the doctrines of Ritualism a»e thus in accord with the Church of Rome, and utterly contrary to the plain statements of God's Word. But I have yet to show, though more briefly, other designs and tendencies of this symbolism. In the second place, this symbolism aims at destroying Protestantism and undoing the work of the glorious Reformation. Here is the plain language of the Ritualists themselves : so there is no need for argument : — ' Protestantism has produced all the heresy, and schism, and infidelity of the last three hundred years, from Martin Luther to Joe Smith.' — The Church and the World, p. 190. Again : — ' Our place is appointed us among Protestants and in a communion deeply tainted in its practical system by Protestant heresy ; but our duty is the expulsion of the evil, and not flight from it.'— Page 237. And again :— , 'I have known many Protestants become Catholics by ; a slow growth in grace and earnestness ; but I never knew a devout Catholic become a Protestant without there being some thing radically wrong, followed by a general deterioration of the spiritual life.' — Page 245. Of course it is not the word Protestantism which is so hateful, but the doctrines which, as an historic designation it expresses and enshrines. The Church Times said that the liberties of the Church of England were secure until they were " overthrown by the black treason of that great apostate Cranmor.' This is the language the Ritualists use with respect to the greatest, most blessed event that ever happened to this country. Though in the church of Ridley, Latimer, and Cranmer, they are plainly not of it. What are true and genuine sons of the Reformation to do under the circumstances' Are they to prepare thumbscrews, racks, and stakes, or are they to use bludgeons, brickbats, and bigoted mobs ? Are we to stand quietly by whilst, to use Dr. Pusey's simile, bulbs are being planted whioh will assuredly bring forth flowers ? What says the Church, whoBe, Articles we ac cept because they are 'agreeable to .God's Word?'— ' M M 'It appertain eth to ,the discipline of the Church, that inquiry be made of evil Ministers, and that .they be accused by those that have knowledge of their offences ; and finally, being found guilty by just judgment, be deposed.' — Art. xxvi, Why then should peaceful Churchmen object to the existence or support of the 'Church Association;' and why should the Bishop of Peterborough, with more wit than truth, call that Association before the House of Lords ' a persecution society with a limited liability.' But he was fully answered by the Bishop of Bath and Wells, whose words deserve to be remembered : — ' Persecution is indeed a vile and odious thing, equally unworthy of a free State or a pure Church ; but to bring in the aid of the law to prevent an authorized expounder of the Church's doctrines, one invested with power to speak in the Church's name, from using that power for the overthrowing of the Church's doctrine, is surely not persecution, but justice injher simplest form. No community, however free from State control, can allow its ministers to give the lie to its own doctrines which they are employed to propagate ; much less can a National Church, endowed with large revenues, and set in place of power and dignity, allow those who share in these advantages to contra dict her teaching, and act in opposition to her laws. The firm repression of such acts is not persecution, but a vindication of the truth and law, without which no community can exist.' These quotations with what I have stated before, wifl, I think, settle decisively the ques tion of 'persecution.' The third design of Ritualism may naturally be expected from the second. Symbolism aims at restoring the doctrines and principles of Romanism. It is useless for some Ritualists to. deny this, and talk about Catholic reunions and such like. Rome never will give up one jot or tittle of her doctrines, decrees, and ceremonies. She only now and then tacks on a few to her already long list, such as the doctrine of the Immacu late Conception and the decree of Papal Infalli bility. Those so-called Anglo-Catholics who hold the notion of this unity with Rome to form one grand universal church should gat rid of it as soon as possible. Some time ago, I believe 198 ' Anglo-Catholics ' made an applica tion to the Pope to be recognised as part of the ' Holy Catholic Church.' The reply of the able Cardinal Patrizzi to this was papally character- istic, and one which might have been expected by anyone who had studied the history of the Papacy. The Syllabus (Sec. iii. 17) declares affirma tively that ' the eternal salvation of any out of rhe true Church of Christ is not evento .be hoped for !' Patrizzi's reply was substantially this: — ' Gentlemen, you are heathens, but when you have been re-baptized, re-ordained, re-con secrated, then, and not till then, can we receive you into communion with the true Church. One of the leading doctrines of the Romish Church is the Mass. The fifth Article of the Creed of Pope Pius IV. says : — ' I profess likewise that in the Mass there is offered to God a true, proper, and propitiatory sacrifice for the living and for the dead. And that in the most holy sacrament of the Eucharist, there are truly, really and substanti ally the body and blood, together with' the soul and divinity of our Lord Jesus'Christ ; and that there is made a conversion of the whole sub stance of the bread into the body, and of the whole substance of the wine into blood ; which conversion the Catholic Church calls transub- stautiation.' This is what Archdeacon Denison says : — 'His i. e. Christ's) Body and Blood are really present in the Holy Eucharis under the form of Bread and Wine, i.e., present things— though they be present .after a manner ineffable, incom prehensible by man, and not cognisable by the senses.' Again :— . 'By virtue of consecration the Body and Blood of our Saviour, Christ, are present really and truly, but spiritually and ineffably under the form of bread and wine.' — Declaration of twenty-one priests. The Ritualists carefully avoid 'the word transuoscanciacion, tor tney try to retain botn the doctrine and their livings.: (See the twenty-: eighth article of our Church on Transubstan- tiation.) This is what the Church Times says : — 'It is perfectly true that in the case of the Ritualists, it is the Mass which is being celebrated.' ' » Again, in Oct. 23rd, 1874, the same paper says : — ' If the Eucharist is really the great sacrifice that taketh away the sins of the world, the due celebration of a single mass is of infinitely greater consequence than a hundred general elections, or the liquidation of a hundred national debts. Priests say they do not use the chasuble because it offends the well-meant prejudices of some of their people. Why are these people offended ? Simply as a matter of taste or fancy ? Certainly not ; but because they do not believe in the Sacrifice of the Mass. Now let us hear the statements of Roman ' Catholics themselves. Surely they ought to be the best judges of a ' good Catholic !' The Weekly Register, one of their organs, says, as long ago as 1S6S :— ' We learn with no small pleasure that during the past week several con verts of note have been formally received into tbe Catholic Church. One of them is a well- known curate of a still better-known Ritualistic incumbent of the Anglican establishment in the West of England. . . . All these are, or rather were, of tne ultra-ritualistic school, and the very strongest measures have been resorted to in more than one instance to prevent the parties carrying out their intentions. Being strong, we are merciful, but we could unfold a tale most discreditable to two, if not three, Ritualistic clergymen in connexion with these conversions. It is curious to see how angry men get when their hearers follow out the logic of their teaching. On March 9th, 1S76, the Weekly Register hnd. said : — ' Ritualism is still going on, its vigour not decreased in the least ; and it no doubt will progress until the day when High Mass will once more be sung in Westminster Abbey.' Lest the last two statements should be called 'mere newspaper twaddle,' I give the words of Dr. Manning to show the Romcward tendency of Ritualism. In addressing a numerous body of priests at Leeds he said : — 'It was because so large a number of the clergy of the Established Church had taken out of the hands of the Catholic clergy the labour of contending about the doctrines to which he had referred,' viz. transubstantiation and invo cation. And he added, 'The Catholics had been left to the much more happy and peaceful task oi reaping the fields.' .. Is not this a severe sentence? High, low, and bread Churchmen, cannot we say as Englishmen : — ' Pudet hsee opprobria nobis Et dici potuisse et non potuisse ref elle.', ( To be continued. ) The Church of England Synod (says the Madras Mail) has been holding its sittings in Sydney. A motion of the Bishop of Adelaide to institute a tribunal for the trial of Bishops has been referred to the Bench of Colonial Bishops for their consideration and report. We want such a tribunal in India for the trial of Bishop Copleston to begin with. 