ONLY A CLOD. CHAPTER Y.—(CONTINUED). UV THE AUTHOR or "LAOV ACUUJV'S SKCKKT,' " AURORA FLOYD," &C.;, &C.; COMIKO HOME. The landlord of the crown came hustling in pnwentlv with a woolen tray of knives and fork*, and gia^s and cmer.s ihnt wodd have iiiniilv wnv.1 f..r»diiin«T-iMrty ui hail-a-do^n. lie laid the cloth with a gmit ceremony, al* lh>"H-rli with a certain air of briskness inseparable l'roiu inukeeping, even in the JaMcrt and dullest village in all England ; and h.' kept a furtive wat'.'li up >n hi.-, guest throughout all hi- operations, from th«* preparatory ilishi down of tho mahogany table, U< the final flourish with which hi? removed a very large cover from a vcrv *mall mmpstcak, ^ " I think 1 ought to know you, fir, ho s'tid, courteously, as Francis Tredethlyn seab d himself at. the table. " 1 think v<ni ought, Joseph P.-nniflin ; 1 think you ouuht t-j l.-m.'inh.T Fr.incis Tredi-thivii, son of vour old frii-nd John '1 ivdeth- 3vn, lit' 1 J «n GorlioW, who was a littk bit too IriiMs.lly in this 1IOUKL», perhaps, f..r his own prosjitrity." , , ... " Francis Tiwlotlilyn :" orie l the landlord, 4i clapj»ing his hand upon his knee, Francis Tn-dfthU-n To lie wire it is! To think that I should' forget a face that was once ^ as fatniliav to me a* my own suii'.s i FmncU l redi-thlyn ! Why. I remeuihur you a lad playing criukot on tho'green yonder with my own bov. And vou've come into a very line fortune, sir, I understand ; and I hope you will excuse the liberty, if I make so hold as to wish you every happiness with it, Francis Tivdethlyn. Lord bhiss us and sav« us : why, I can remember you a little hit of a toddling child coming into Landrcsdale Church with your mother on a tiummei' Sunday morning, as if it wa^ yesterday! I ask pardon for being so h-ild and fivelike, hut the sight of your face takes mn hack to old times, and I'm apt to forget myself." Mr. Penruffiu's mind was curinu.-ly tlivulftl between the memories of the past and his desire to lie duly reverential to Francis Tredethlyu'sj new * fortunes. The young luau smiled as lie recoguiied the influence of his newly acquire! wealtli at war with the associations of his boyhood, lie had seen pretty much the same thing in the office of Messv-:. Krusdale and Scardoiu lie was beginning already to perceive that an ijicome of thirty thousand a year made a kind of harrier between himself and poorer men, and that they regarded him with the same feeling of mingled reverence and familiarity with which they would have looked at a very ordinary statue seen across a wonderful screen of virgin gold. " And the sight of j/our face takes tin• back to old times, Mi. Peiirulfin," he said, with ralhev a mournful accent, " and I'd fiwlv give half this great fortune of mine if I could bring back one of tho.se summer Sunday mornings iu the old church, and sec myself a little fellow agaiu, trudging by my mother's side, with a green-bake bag of prayer-books on my arm. I'd give five thousand pounds for a silk • dress I saw in a Plymouth draper's shop fifteen years ago, when I was too poor to do anything but wish for it, if my mother were alive to wear it. I used to think, when I was a lad, of what I'd buy for my mother ont of the first live pound note I ever earned; and now I've got thirty thousand a year, and there's nothing upon all this earth I can buy for her, except a gravestone to mark the spot where fihe lies." "Thirty thousand a year!" muttered the landlord in an undertone, which had just ; tinge of disappointment in it, The Landresda It: people had given their imagination? free play since the death of Oliver Tredcthlyn, ami the old man's forLune had swelled into almost fabulous proportions with the lapse of time ; so thirty thousand didn't seem «o very much, after ail. ,There had been an idea in Landiosdale that FranciB Tredothlyn would most likely buy up the Marquis's estate offhand, and if practicable make a handsome oiler for the purchase of the title. " l am sure, sir, your feelings do you credit," said Mr. Penruffm, after that brief sense of disappointment; " I may say very great credit," lie added, with emphasis,—as if any display of feeling from the possessor of thirty thousand a year were specially meritorious. " I suppose you have come down this way to survey your property, sir; to look about yon a little, eh V inquired the landlord of the Crown, when Francis had fiuished his frugal dinner. " Not I,"' the young man answered; " I .scarcely know what my property is yet, though the ImyyersMd we.along rigmarole about it. I've come on a very dliferent errand," he added gravely. " You remember my cousin, Susan Tredcthlyn, I dare say 1 I have come to look for her." Joseph Penruffiu shook his, head solemnly, and breathed a long sigli that' whs ' almost a groan, ' " If that's your errand here, sir, I'm afraid it isn't likely to ben very fortunate one. Folks iu Latidresd~ale never expect to ste Susan Tredcthlyn again; she wont away from the farm four yean.ago ; no one knows exactly whew she went; no one knows why she went. There's your uncKs old servants, Mr. Tredeth- Ivii, of course they wi'/ht have said something, if thev'd liked to'it. " But you may as well go and question the tombstone* iu Lindivsdalo churdiyaid a-s ijiicstion th,-m. All I know, or all anybody knows iu this place is, that your cousin Susan went away and never came back again ; and it stands to reason that she must Intvo done something voiy had indeed, and made her father very desperate against her, before the old man would have gone and left all his money away from her—moaning »o disrespect to you, sir, but only looking at it 111 the light of human nature in general," added the landlord, apologetically. « I'll nover believe that Susan Trcdetldyn did anything wicked or uuwoiuanly till her own lips kdi mo so," cried Francis, bringing his hand heavily down on the table. " She may have made my uncle desperate against her, that\ likuly enough, for he was always liaid with her ; and when I think of his having hoarded all this money, and remember the life my cousin Susan used to lead, 1 can scarcely bring myself to believe that site was bis own ilesh anil blood. I'll never believe that she did anything wrong. I'll never believe that she could grow to be any thing dili'erent from what she was when I left home, —an innocent, modest little creature, who was almost frightened of her own pretty looks when she caught a sight of her«elf in a glass. Hut I'm going up to the old house; and if Martha Drvscoll or her husband know any thing of mv lost cousin, I'll get the knowledge from them, though I have to wring it out of their wizened old throats." The young man rose as he said this, and took his hat and stick from a chair near iha window. Jose ph Pemuffin watched him with something like alarm upon his countenance. " You'll sleep here to- night, sir ?" he asked. " Yes ; I'm going straight up to the Grange, ami I don't know how long I may lie gone; but I'll come liack hete to sleep. I should scarcely fancy lying down iu one of those dreary old rooms ; I should expert to see the wandering spirit of my lost cousin come aud look iu at me from the darkness outside my wiudow. No ; however late I way be, I'll come back here to sleep." " Aud perhaps you'd like some little trifle for supper, sir, having made such au uncommon poor dinuer," suggested the landlord,— " a chicken and a lit tle bit of grass, or a tender young duck and a dish of peas V But Francis Tredcthlyn was walking np the little village street out of earshot of these savouiy suggestions before the landlord had finished his sentence. " I don't call that manners," muttered Mr. Penrufiin ; " but I shall cook the chicken for ten o'clock, and chance it; he can afford to pay for it, whether he eats it or not. And I think, taking into consideration old acquaint' ance and thirty thousand a year, it would only have been friendly in Francis Tredethlyn if he'd ordered a bottle of wine with his dinner." CHAPTER VI. THE KKU OF THE WOltl.D. The sun was low when Francis Tredcthlyn left the Crown Inn, and walked slowly up the village street. The sun was low, and already a crimson glory flickered here and there upon t he quaint old casements. The young man walked slowly, looking about him with a half-doubtful, hall-bewildered gaze, like a man who sees his native village in a dream. And indeed no village in t he vision of a sleeper could be more tranquil in its rustic repose than this Cornish street, steep and stony, mounting to the summit of a hill, upon whose top the great gates of Laiidresdale loomed grim and stately, like the entrance to an ogre's castle in fairyland. You climbed the steep little street; and yon came to the big gates of Laiidresdale ; and that was alL The village ended here; and there was nothing for you to do hut to go back again. It was like coming to the end of the world, and finding a great Elizabetlian door of ponderous oak and iron barred against any chaotic realm that might lie beyond our cvery-day earth. There way have been occasions—indeed, the inhabitants of Landresdale would have testified to many such—on which those ponderous doors swung open on their mighty hinges: but the ignorant traveller, looking at them shut,' found it difficult to realize the possibility of their ever beiug opened. They looked like the doors of a 1 mausoleum *. which open once in half a century to admit the coffined dead, but can never be ^inclosed for any meaner purpose. Grim towers flanked the stony arch on either side, and two old rusty cannon displayed tlieir iron uosos within tho , shadow of the towlnra, ready to fire a volloy down the hilly st^aoUvhonover the'simple folke of landresdale; should evincc any revolutionary tendencies. To the ri^ht of the great'gates there M'as a handsome whig of eolid masoniy, w'liose Tudor windows' opened upon a aquaria' 'courtyard, where fcborewere more cannon, and upon a prim, oldfashioned garden, shut in by a high wall, and only vieiblo to the wanderer through the iron rails and ai-abosques of a lofty gate, amidst whose scrollwork the awns of, lih Landjvtidales and 'freverbyns, the Cumtenays and Pol alleles, won; interlaced and entangled. Tho garden wall bounded the estate •'"/ Rftfihieigh Vyvyan Trevannence, Marquis Landresdaic; and beneath tire shelter of that old ivy-covered Sred brick wall lay the churchyard, quiet and shadowy, dark with the dense foliage of great yew-trees, thick with long tangled grass that grew high amongst the slanting headstones. Francis Tredethlyn stwpiMjd by the low wooden gate; and leaning against the moss-grown pillar that supported it, looked up at tho square towers, which seemed like stony sentinels for «vcr keeping guard over the entrance to Landresdale. The light was red upon the corner window that faced the western sky, but all the other casements stared blankly and darkly out upon the graves in tho churchyard, aud the empty village street, in which one woman, toiling slowly upwaids with a pitcher of water that slopped and trickled at intervals upon the pavement, was the only living presence. " The great gates look just the same as they used to look," thought Francis Tredethlyn. " When I was a boy, and read fairytales, I always fancied that the enchanted castle the wandering prince came to in the middle of a wood, or on the summit of a great mountain, was like Landresdale, a castle standing all alone iu the middle tif the way, with no road to the right nor to the left, so that the prince Must go iu and ask shelter, though he knew that harm would come of it, or else go back and lose all the trouble of his journey. How I used to long to pull that bell when I was a lad !" thought Francis, looking at the iron ring which swung from a massive chain on one side of the archway. " But I've no need to dawdle here," he thought, as lie pushed the gate open and went into the churchyard. " It seems as if the nearer I get to the place where I am certain to hear the truth about Susan, the wore I dread hearing it." The ignorant traveller who might turn away from the great gates of Landresdale to descend the hill under the impression that the county of Cornwall came to an abrupt termination upon the threshold of the Marquis's domain, would have been mistaken. There were other aud higher lands, broad stretches of hill aud moorland, lying beyond the churchyard, to the right of the quaint old garden and the Gothic towers aud casements; and it was thitherward that Francis Tredethlyn directed his steps. He crossed the churchyard, only pausing briefly before one tombstone, upon which the names of Sarah and John Tredethlyn were cut, low down on the stone, at the bottom of a long list of Tredethlyns, who lay buried in that churchyard. Tbe young man let himself out of the solemn precinct by a little rusty iron gate that opened on abroad expanse of common land sloping upward towards the western sky, and only broken here and there by a quarry or a patch of water. " Itlooksbleak and barren enough," thought Francis, with a shudder; " but it's hereabouts that my uncle Oliver picked up a good bit of his money. The tin wines lie ont yonder; and the stone quarry in tho hollow' there brought him in plenty, if folks toll the truth." Francis Tredethlyn wight have echoed the boast of Helen Macgregor had he chosen, and with stronger justification than that lady, for the earth upon which he trod was not only his native land but his own peculiar' property, by virtue of certain yellow-looking parchments under the sign-manual of an Earl and Baron of Landresdale who flourished in the reign of James I., and by payment of an eccentric annual tribute in tho shape of a young doe and a hundredweight of virgin tin. It was all his own, this bleak waste land which Francis Tredothlyn, late private soldier in her Majesty's sendee, late ; valet to -a' capricious master, now trod under his' feet. Nor was it the less to bo considered for its' barrenness of aspect, for ricli wetals lay deep, below the heathery surface, in wines that were -amongst the oldest and most valuable in Cornwall. But Francis Tredethlyn was iu no wise elated or disturbed by'tho importance of his possession. -He had never felt any ardent desire for wealth, and as yet he. had not begun to realize its manifold advantages. He saw the effect of his fortune upon other men, and smiled at their weakness; Imt what liadbeeji true of him in the first hour of his' altereKjf position was true of him now,—he had noC_ power either to realise or rejoice in tho extent 1 of his riches. - 1 ,.• • s He walked slowly across the ^barren moorland, always upward, always mounting towards a fdng'MageJjf ^ • etroftks (of ;ycllow light; stretched low against the darkoniuufiky,'—abloak,bare. looking ihiH, that «eeined the very end df the • world, ft wM Updn thta hillside thatTr&dcthlyn; Grange, had bogn buiU fQiir centurics ago, iu tho days' M'lien won built tjioir housus with a view to endurance ; atui it stood there still, a long gray tenement of moss-grown stone, with narrow casomout windows, looking darkly out upon tho twilight moor. The larger portion of the old house had boon uninhabited during the- tenantship of tho Tredcthlyns, who, in a spirit of economy, had located themselves in the inferior rooms lying at one end of tho rambling mansion. It was iu one of these rooms that a tight now twinkled faintly; and it was towards this end of the house that Mr. Trodothlyn directed his steps. There had been a moat ouce on two sides of tho house, hut cabbages now grew upon tho sloping earth. There liad been a garden once before the Grange, and au old stone sun-dial still marked tho spot; but of all tho trim flower-beds and angular patlis there remained no vestige now A field of trefoil, bounded by a low stone wall, lay beyond two broken pillars that had once supported a pair of handsome gates} and tho sheep browsed close beneath tho dim latticed windows. " It seems like the end of tho world to mo to-night," thought Mr. Tredethlyn; " and yet once it wa« comfortable and home-like enough, when I feat with Susy of a night by the fire in the, kitchen, while she darned the old man's gray worsted stockings. And to think that he had such oceans of money nil that time, and yet seemed almost to grudge his only child every gown she wore, and every bit of bread she put into her mouth." The young man was closc to the familiar threshold by this time. He knocked at a low, narrow door in the neighbourhood of tho ono dimly lighted window, and then drew back a few paces, lookiug up at the old-fashioned casements. " This is the window of Susy's room," lie thought. " Itow black and dark it looks tonight! I remember coming up here the night before I ran away to Falmouth to enlist. I remember standing by the low wall yonder, iu the cold autumn night, looking up at that very window. There was a light burning then, and I thought of how I should 6ee it burning just the same when I came backhand how I'd throw a handful of earth up at the old window, and Susy would look out, startled and wondering, to find her faithful sweetheart come back to her from the end of the world. And nowit's this place that seems like the cud of the world somehow, and I'm every bit as for from Susy now as ever I was out yonder. The door" was opened only a very little way, and a woman's face, so hard and angular that it seemed almost to cut into the dusky atmosphere, peered out at the traveller. "What do you please to want, sir?" she asked, suspiciously. " I »vant to ask you a few questions, Martha DryscolL I've came from the Anti podes to ask them." "Mr, Tredethlyn!" cried the woman, opening the door to its widest extent; " Mr. Francis Tredethlyn come homo to his own like a ghost in the night! I make so bold as to bid you welcome, sir. Your uucle's empty chair stands ready for you. The house seems strange and lonesome without him." It was not everybody who would have ascribed to Mr. Oliver Tredethlyn the power to enliven any house with the smallest ray of cheerfulness, or brighten any fireside with so much as tho faintert glimmer of light. But Alaitlia Dryscoil spoke in all good faith. She had believed iu her master, and had worked for him, and pinched for him, and lialfstarved herself and other people for his sake, throughout five-and-thirty years of the dreariest and hardest life that woman ever endured. He had picked her up, starved and almost dying, upon a high road near one of his outlying farms, and had taken her from field labour and all its attendant pains, to be his housekeeper and—slave; and she had repaid tliis favour a thousandfold by a devotion that knew no weariness, aud a rigid ocouomy that extended itself to the saving of a grain of salt in the'61d spibdlo-legged,leaden saltcellars. Pliver Tredetlilyn ,iiad not boon actuated by any Quixotic motive in this eccentric choice of a servant. He took his housekeeper from the wayside because he saw in her a etuff he had vaiuly sought in the pampered menials who had hitherto presented themselves to his notice. Ho had been attracted to her in tlie first instance by her gaunt face and gaunter figure, which would. have. been sufficiently alarming in one of King Frederick William's chosen 1 grenadiers. He had been attracted still more by her curt answer^ to his curt, questions, in winch she told him tliat she had walked thirty miles that day before lying down, as' she believed, to die 5 that she had walked twenty tniles the day before, and fiveand^enty fhe day 'b^fore that; that she had not tasted' food for tlie lost eight-and-forty hours; and that she had worked in the fields J and lived upon an average of two-pence a day iover since she could remember, s It was upon this that a bargain was struck ibetweon Oliver Trodothlyn, of Tredethlyn SGrange, of tho one part, and Martha Blank, Martha Anybody, of tho other part, for the poor creature had no knowledge of any special surname to which she might lay claim. She had boon called Carroty Jane in one placo because her hair was red and h«r name was not Jane. She had been called Gawky Hut, and Lanky Poll, at other places, on account of her abnormal hcigiit; but the name die had received in the Union, where hor earlier years had hoen passed, was Martha, ami it was this namo which she herself reoognisod as hor legitimate appellation. She weut home with Oliver Tredethlyn in one of his empty waggons and ate her first spare meal in tho Orange kitchen before nightfall; and from that hour until tho old man's death she served him well and faithfully. She lived with him all tho days of his bachelorhood, and resignedly united herself to his bailiff when he commanded her to do so. This faithful creature welcomed Mr. Tredethlyn's wife when he took it into his head to bring home a small tenantfarmer's pretty daughter, who had boon forced into a marriage with a man whom she detested; and, faithful and untiring to the last, this rough-handed, brawny-armed, servant watched by the young wife's sick bed during those dull years in which eho slowly withered and faded, from a fresh, blooming girl, into a prematurely old woman, and so sank by lingering stages into an early grave, leaving behind her one only child, whose infancy and girlhood were brightened by 110 softer light than such as might be shed from the grim, grenadierlike affection of Martha Dryscoil. Jonathan Dryscoil, the farm- bailiff whom Oliver Tredethlyn bad desired his housekeeper to marry,fwas ten years younger than his wife, and was so poor and weak a creature morally aud physically in her hands, that ho seemed at least half a centuiy her Junior. If she told him to do anything, he did it. If she told him to think anything, he thought it; or would have done so, if the mental exercise had not been generally beyond the scope of his faculties. lie was as honest and faithful as Martha herself; but if Martha hud told Him to go and fire all the ricks on Oliver Tredethlyn's property, he would have done it with the blind trustfulness of a princess in a child's story-book, who obeys the eccentric behests of a fairy godmother, That Martha Dryscoil could do any wrong, or think anywrong, was an hypothesis which Jonathan her husbaud had never contemplated. Perhaps the pleasantness thing about this couple was that there was no disagreeable evidence of Martha's authority. Indeed, that worthy woman was most punctilious iu respect to her liege lord and husbaud, whom she always spoke of as " the master." Jonathan obeyed and trembled, but tho sceptre which his wife wielded was an invisible one, and the chains that bound her slave were as impalpable as if they had been fashioned of cobwebs. Martha Dryscoil was not renowned for her Rapacity of expressing any species of emotion ; but some faiut ray of pleasure kindled in her grim face as she conducted Francis Tredethlyn through tho kitchen to an apartment that had served as a kind of state chamber for three generations of his race. She set the candle 611 the polished mahogany tabic, and, folding her arms, contemplated the new master of the Orange at licr leisure. In that dim light, iu her quaint, scanty dress, with a brown background of oaken wainscot behind her, she looked like a quaint figure in one of Jan Steen's pictures, a hard-faced angular housewife, honest, laborious, and economical, with ner car perpetually open to the leaking of beer-barrels, or the boiling-over of soup- kettles; her eye ever on tho alert to perceive waste 01 destruction. I wish you welcome, Mr. Trodothlyn," she said ; and then with something like sadness in her tone, " If the money was to go away from her, better that it should go to you than to strangers. I don't think that you'd burn your back upon her, if she was to need your held ; would you now, Mr. Francis?" I " Turn my back upon her!" cried the ^oung man,—" turn my back upon my cousin Susy 1 Do you think I want the money that ought to have been here ? With God's blessing, I will go to the end of the world to find liiy poor little gill. But tell me—tell mo all about it, Martha, I know you arc a good creature. I know you were fond of Susan, though you seemed hard and stern, like the old man. Tell me all you know about my lost cousin, and don't fear but I'll make good use of my knowledge." " It isn't much I have to tell, sir; answered tho housekeeper, very gravoly. "You remember old Mr. Be3twick, of Pen Gorbold. Folks say that he's almost as rich as our master was. However it is, he and master were always fast friends; and when Mrs. ltestwick had been dead a little over a twelvemonth, he and master seemed to get friendlier thau ever, and was always laying their heads together about something, old Iiestwick hanging about this place, and sitting iu our kitchen, and in this very mom—for master made quite a fuss with tho old man, and would sit in tho parlour on his account—all the summer time, Miss Susan usen't to like the old man, but she daredn't say as much, seeing as he was her father's friend. Heaven, as looks down upon me, knows, Mr. Francis, that tho real reason of old Iiestwick pottering about our place night after night never came into my head, no more thau if it had been so much Greek 01 Latin. But one night—one quiet summer evening, alter such a day as to-day—the truth came out all at once; and it came upon Susan Tredethlyn as it came upon mo—like a thunderbolt. Can you guess what it was, Mr. Tredethlyn?" " No ! " exclaimed the young man, staring at Martha Dryscoil with a bewildered expression 011 his face. Nor any one else, Mr. Francis, that wasn't so wrapped up in the love of his money that the very heart inside of him had turned to stuff as hard as his golden guineas, or harder; for there's some kind of furnace as will melt them, isn't there, Mr. Francis ? On the night I am telling you of, my master told Susan the meaning of old llcstwiek's visits. She was to marry him—poor, pretty young thing. He'd promise to make such and such—settlements— I think master called 'em, and she'd be mistress of Pen Gorbold farm, and one of the richest women in this part of the country. The poor dear only gave one shriek, Mr. Francis, and fell down upon the floor at her father's feet as white and as quiet as a corpse." " The hard-hearted villain!" cried Francis, pacing up and down the room ; " the infernal villain!" " She didn't lie there long ; she wasn't let to do that. Mr. Tredethlyn lifted her up by the arm, and set her on her feet, Gercc and savage-like; and when she opened her eyes, and looked about hor, all stupified and bewildered, he began to talk to her. It was cruel talk to heai from a father to his child ; it was a cruel sight to see her trembling and only held from falling by bis hard hand clenched upon her arm. I tried to interfere between them, Mr. Francis ; but my master let his daughter drop into a chair, and pushed me out of the room. Me and Jonathan was sleeping in the room above the stables then, and Mr. Tredethlyn took me by the shoulders, and put me out of the door that opens from the kitchen into the stone-yard at back. I heard the door bolted against me, and 1 knew I could be 110 help or comfort to that poor child all night. The door's thick, but I-cuuId just hear Susan Tredethlyn's sobs now and | then, like as if they'd been blown towards me ! on the winds, and her father's voice speaking I loud aud stern; I listened till all seemed< quiet, and I was iu hopes his heart was softened towards lier. But when I got up at four o'clock next morning—for it was harvesttime, and we were very busy—Susan Tredethlyn's room was empty, and the front door was unlocked and unbolted. She'd run away, Mr. Francis; she'd let herself out sometime in the night, and run away. There was a little scrap of a shawl she used to wear hanging on the latch of the door. That was bad news for me to tell my master, Mr. Francis; but I had to tell it. He turned white, and glared at me for a minute just like a wild beast, and there was a choking, gurgling kind of noise iu his throat But he was as quiet after that one minute as if he had been made of iron. < So much the better, Mrs. Dryscoil' he said, 'an undutiful daughter isn't worth the meat she eats.'" " But ho wont after her," said Francis ; " surely he made some attempt to bring her back ? He did n't let a poor ignorant girl go out into the world without a friend—without a sixpence?" " She had a little money, Mr. Francis. Hor father had given her a sovereign on her birthday every year for tho last ten years, making her promise to save the money. She had saved the money, for she had 110 chance to spend it, poor child; and she took that money with her, for when I looked about her room I missed tho little box she used to keep it in. As to looking for her, Mr. Tredethlyn sever stirred a hand or foot to do it, though I went on my bended knees to him, begging and praying of him to bring her back. As to me, Mr. Francis, I'm but a poor countrywoman, that never learned to read and write till I was getting on for thirty ; but I got my husband to go to Falmouth with au advertisement for tho county paper, saying as ' S. T. was to remember she had a true friend in M. D., and was to bo sure and write to her whenever she wanted help.' I daredn't say more, sir; and I think when master saw that advertisement he know what it meant, for lie glared at me across the paper, just as he glared at me when I told him his daughter was gone." " And he never relented—he never softened towards that poor unhappy girl f "For three years, sir, he never mentioned her name. Xight after night he'd sit and write, and make out his account®, and calculate his profits, and such- like, and he'd talk to me fast enough about the business of the farm ; but he never spoke his daughter's naink One day he got a letter direct<il in her hand. I took it from the past man at Landresdale myself one afternoon when I ra down there marketing, and I wrote down the postmark that was on it, and that was all I ever knew of that letter. Wh"n my master saw the hand, he came over all of a tremble like, and there was something awful iu the sight of that stern old man trembling and shivering like as if he had been striken by the palsy ; but he got over it in a minute, and read the letter, me watching him all' the time. If his face had been stone, it couldn't have told less. He crumpled up the letter and put it in his pocket, and for three months he never spoke of that nor of his daughter. Yet I knew somehow that he thought of her; f.»r a kind of change came over him, and he seemed always brooding, brooding, brooding; ami he'd start up all of a sudden when we was all sitting of a night juiet in this kitchen-—he'd start up as if he was going right away, and then heave a long sigli, and sit down again. I»ut lie never said anything about what was in his thoughts, till one morning he came to m'*, and said very juictlv, ' Pack me some clothes in a carpetbag, Mrs. Drvscoll. I'm going to London to Iwk for my daughter.' My husband and him went on foot down to Landrcsdale to catch the Falmouth coach ; but our master Jnever came back. The next news we heard of him, Mr. Francis, came to us a month after he'd li-l't It was a letter from the lawyers, to say Mr. Oliver Tredethlyn was dead." " Ami is that all'(" '' Yes, Mr. Francis; I can tell you no more. My master was a good master to me, and I served him faithfully, and worked hard to save his money. Hut things have all seemed to come before roe in a new light since that night when I saw Susan Tredethlvn fall white and cold at her father's feet, and him without pity for her. It seems a-? if Fd been stone-blind up to that time, Mr. Francis: and my eyes was opened all of a sudden : and I saw that we'd been all wicked heathens, making an idol out of money that had never brought happiness or comfort to any living creature; least of all to ourselves. I saw it all at once that night, Mr. Francis, and I knew that our lives had been wrong somehow." Martha Drvscoll spoke very earnest]}*. She was a good woman, after her own manner ; eager to do her duty to the uttermost, grateful for small favors, faithful and affectionate. A ncble heart beat in that grenadier-like form, a gentle spirit looked out of those hard grey eyes. She told the story of her young mistress's flight with a sorrowful solemnity, undisturbed by tears. Perhaps her hard childhood, her bitter youth, her joyless middle life had dried up the source of that tender womanly emotion ; for Martha Drvscoll had never been seen bv living witnesses to shed a tear. She unlocked a grim-looking workbos, and took from it a little pocket-book, out of which she tore a leaf. " That's the name that was «n the postmark, Mr. Francis," she said, handing the paper to Mr. Tredethlyn. The young man read the wordColtonslough. " Coltonslough," he rej>eated, " I never heard of a place of that name. But I'll find it, if it's the most obscure spot upon the earth. God bless you, Martha Dryscoll, for I believe you're a good woman." He held out his hand, and grasped the housekeeper's bony fingeis as he spoke. We've been awaiting—me and the master—for orders from you as to what' we was to do, sir. We're ready to serve you faithful, if you want our service ; but we're ready to leave the old place, if we're any burden upon you. You'll be coming to Bettle here, maybe f " No," answered Francis Tredethlyn, with something of a shudder. If I'd found Susan here, as I once thought to find her, I should have been glad enough to settle somewhere in these parts. As it is, there's something in the place that gives me the heartache, and I doubt if I shall ever come near it again Whatever wages you and your husband had in my uncle's time 6hall be doubled from tonight, Mrs. Dryscoll; and if my cousin Susan i6 still alive, and should ever find her way back to this place, I should like her to see a light burning in the old window, and to find a faithful friend ready to bid her welcome home." (To be continued). From the Breewarina district we learn that they have had a long period of dry weather, and rain is much required. All along the roads there is no feed, owing to the ravages of the travelling stock. Within six weeks the large number of 200,000 sheep and 6000 cattle ha\\*e passed, chiefly from the Maciuarie—where the country from Dubbo downward is reported to be in a fearful state. 