Hit. G. A. SALA US AX 1 1-11USSIAN PANICS. Tlie bodies of some eight thousand English ucn moulder peiuicfullv in this (iScutari) ernvc-yard . I far.ey that the rcinemlirance nf thoirdealhn might moderate the frenry of ihe politicians who seem lient on biunrling I'nglnnd on to a fresh war with Russia. Surelv- those politicUns must lie mainly memories. I remember the episodes' of the Crimean War ns though they had happened yesterday, for then, as now, 1 was earning my daily bread by literature and j.iiirnnlisin. mid the war brought me every day fresh in IMC. nf coinc te. SeliAslopol. lull I went t.i liuasia il.Blen.l. On you not recall, you are good, those, two inferable years tmtween tlie fight at ihc Alma and ihc fall nf the \TnlakolT ? Do you remember the Ghost's In-rhv Day of l'ttfiT, 'r I)') you remember when, on the cliff at Brighton and the Marina nl St. Uonnrd's. you could scarcely wnlk ten paces without meeting groups of Indies and children clad in deepest mourning fur their fathers, hushnuds, brnlbers. sweet, hearts, Kl:iin In Hut wretched Cher. Bonese, or who had Bickelied and died in the ehcerless wards of the Scutari Hospital ? Arc we to have these yean* of private agony and bereavement, of p il-.lic blundering and mismanagement, over ncaiu ? lsuptiiiGc so : glorv Is a very flue Ihhl'. 1 J only a ,Ji«, '«. cfvihan. anil [ krmw notlilntr ahnnt Rlorj ; Imt I confcsn tint my t-lood |!rmvflcn1il. nnd thai my lirnrt Hickf.iVw.ifi. I lioar|)n!iiiciiLnH pertly pmliiifj about tlit ';urbitramcni of llic sworJ,' and ' wnr dpurinn Hip atniod])linrp,Maii.U(i forth. I ncvar met glory yet, aud I don't lt|io*v what he, or xlic, i-i like; l.ut J Imve inut war face tn faco hdlf-a-dozcn linicfi jn as many countries. I Imvc looked into the whiles, or rattier Ihc rriiii»on nf liis eyes, and t have Razed upon the B.Btcrrt who follow him wherctovcr be coop. They urn three piilrrn, and tlicir names are '? Rapine.' and ' Disease,' and 'Death.' This if, of enune, a iniscrahly craven :md spiritless way nf looking at war. 1 cannot help It. I hare seen only war's madness and wickcdnm', fta fni(liic« and iqualor To me It has represented liollihig hut rubbery :uld 'pnifligacy. but famine and slaughter ; ami I cm hut think that if the warlike pnlitiiinns were lo witness justlialf an-huur of ue|uiil uarfare, as I have wit nessed il In America. In llr.lf, Ml Mei^n, hi Frmicp, ill Spain, tlliir martial ardour would cool dii.,1 11 Illtle.imJ Ihey would nol lie quite so proui|H lo blow the bolllcosc truuiiicts. 