• GOSSIP FROM FRANCE. (from our own correspondent.) Paris, October 27th. I ' l^ctl ^*e Senate voted the dissolution of the Chamber of Deputies, it was never in tended that the Senators were hound to support the Marshal right or wrong; conse quently in MacMahon's strnggle to override parliamentary institutions it may he'con cluded that the Senate will not support him against the unmistakably expressed resolve of France to govern herself, under the .Re publican constitution. Minds are made up that only two issues are open to the Marshal: to loyally avow he is beaten in his direct appeal to the electors to decide between per sonal and parliamentary government, and act accordingly, all that the Republicans demand, or . simply to resign. His retire ment cannot be compulsory, but he cannot expect France to yield to his personal ideas or to sacrifice her constitution -" if he re mains, he must simply govern according to constitutional forms. ■ An appeal bo force is considered so hopeless that no one ever alludes to it, except to raise a laugh, and equally impossible is the expectation that the Senate will vote a second dissolution for what interest 1 It is thus that on all sides a clear solution is desired, and the Re publicans are resolved that they will, this time, accept no other. The Orleanists are at last showing signs of rallying to the Repub lic, their natural position j had they done so when Thiers was President, "what agonies and losses they wonld' have spared their country, and what humiliations for them selves. Opinion looks favorably upon the idea of John Bull going surety for the good conduct of Turkey, in reference to the Bulgarian Christians, who have disgrace J Christianity; thus the Czar has no reason to " keep peg ging away" at apparently a Sisyphian task, that of exterminating Islamism from Europe and Asia Minor. Were he successful, he ; would, not be allowed to occupy an inch of Bulgaria, and English interests would have , to limit his conquests in Armenia, where the Tnrks are yet strong enough to oppose him with other Plevnas. The French do not give much attention to the losses of the bel ligerents ; these they accept as a matter of course, and that no sentimental or philan thropic regrets can avert: this may explain, also, why they take so small a part in sick and wonnded and compassionate funds - they prefer playing the good Samaritan without the oil and the two pence. It is expected that as the Czar, is now a better informed man than when he addressed an ultimatum to Turkey, he will be a-wiser though a sadder one when his army shall have passed December and January in Bul garia and Asia Minor. M. Gamhetta has made a manifesto-speech, full of wholesome trnths for all whom they may concern. It was blunt, without being violent; conservative, without ceasing to he broadly liberal; and conciliatory, while resting independent. It will produce a good effect at the present juncture, when it is necessary to convince men of the necessity of taking virile resolutions. He predicts that the will of France will :be obeyed and draws a vivid picture of the frightful viola tions of the.l»«f, —mi uf-tne unexampled government pressure, indulged in during the late elections, and which shall, he laid bare for the benefit of France and the edification of Europe. The Ministers have a hard time before them, aud those of their subordinates who have sinned will have to'personally pay the piper. Voting boxes with false bottoms were employed, and in some cases it was quite common to find more bulletins in the urns than there were electors on the regis ters. The Chamber of Deputies will have plenty of work to enquire into the electoral iniquities, and as such elections must be I broken, the temporaiy representatives must feel uncomfortable at the prospect of being unseated. A curious point to clear np will be that, to know where all the fnnds came from to carry ' on the war against the Republic. Perhaps the discovery will be as difficult as to ascer tain where Russia fincis the " money to pay her coupons. It is a remarkable fact that those journals claiming to be "Conservative"—God pave the mark* and which urged the Marshal to make a Coup d'Etat, as they would urge him to take a run to the Exhibition works, which he never does thongh close by—the nearer to church the farther from God-=-have to witness a sen sible falling off in their circulation. The Figaro, for example, has had to suppress its supplement; while Girardin's organ, La France, by writing fearless common sense has now a circulation of' 150,000. instead of 7000 1 The fact is, the Reactionists did not doubt a moment of their triumph against the Republic ;they sold the skin of the bear be fore they had killed Bruin! Among other signs and wonders, the Tribunals do not convict so many journals of misdemeanors now, as before the elections. Let us he thankful for small mercies. The munici pality of Versailles have decided to baptize one of their chief streets "Thiers," and which leads to the jPresidency—always the gall and wormwood. The Government'has been asked for its official sanction, for -in France local authorities cannot indulge in snch changes, or even help themselves to a barrel of sea water, without permission from head-quartere. This i3 the beauty of that "centralisation" system, of which the French boast the world is so jealous. M. Gam hetta, having won an election bet of 10001, sent the amount, not to the poor of Paris, bnt to the. " indigent of.Versailles." Bnt Gambetta is now a rich man; a great ad mirer of his, M. du Bochet, has bequeathed him 15 or 20 million francs. Paris has' "uncles" as well as America,, or.rather Switzerland, as the deceased belonced to William TelFs canton. - " There is nothing qew about the Exhibition;' people feel more than ever confident in its success. ' Sinister rumora are vanishing like ghosts at cock- crow; the tickets are being printed by the Bank of France; a daily ad mission will cost one franc; for the season, 100 francs. Everything is very rational about the regulations. The barmaids and dressmakers are in high glee; they can com pete for the prize of beauty, open to all ; comers ; a photograph of their charins is all that they are required to forward. j Chopping a man's head off, almost without shedding a drop of blood, is the latest im-' | provement in working the guillotine; this has just taken place, in the case of a man named Albert. No wonder the headsman, Roch. was noticed to look dumbfounded! The English Government had a London police officer present (who must have been also astonished) to report it is said on the work ing of the " bijou.." Marwood's tight ropes, slack ropes, and long ropes, would appear not to be at the hauteur of civilisation. Albert was a great scoundrel, and society is well rid of him. Two good traits in French executions: there are no meetings to save amnrderer's head, and the culprit is only allowed one-parson-power to become a convert. Albert killed.an old woman keeper of an eating-bouse, to rob ber • then he threw the body in a well, as the Russians are said to do when taking French leave of a Bulgarian village, but as the body did not descend rapidly enough, he dropped stones on it, though he professed " respect for the dead." He passed his last days like a statesman writing his memoirs and imitated the ancient philosophers bv asking the chaplain, to read a treatise he —Albert—composed on Death, while having his. arms corded and his shirt collar and hair cut off. On approaching the instru ment he faltered; the executioner seized him, and assured him " itwaa nothing as he will see," and then his neck was placed I in the half moon of the upright plank, and all shot into the corraapon in p half moon, through "which tie' knife falls; while in this position, the unfortunate u heard muttering a prayer; there was a pause for a second, to permit Rbch to see that all was in order ; then a thud, a black ball, leaped into a basket of bran, that an assistant shook up; another mass, like an outfitter's dummy, was rolled into another basket of brau, the head rejoined it, and a • van, escorted by a guard of mounted police, conducted all to the " Turnip Field," where, after formalities, it was handed over to the School of Anatomy. Hardly a few drops of blood followed the decapitation ; fear drove the fluid into the internal organs. Just as the knife fell, a white dog, that .had found its way into the inner circle, commenced to howl. I noticed no " ladv-reporter " present on this occasion, but the executioner ap peared strangely livid—frightened, as it ■were, which is strange for a man that chops off 30 heads per annum, aud whose " ex penses " in the estimates follow the grants for public instruction. . All Albert asked, when told to get up and dress for death, was for permission to roll and smoke a cigarette. For the fnture, the executed, instead of be ing buried in a trench, with their head be tween their legs, will have their remains en closed in a deal coffin. The Republic amelio rates everything, you sec. It is no secret that the late Hcindreicli, Roch'spredecessor, wrote a treatise, in manuscript, against death punishment, and that the day* he "operated" he abstained from food—lived on cigars. The Chaix printing establishment has held its annual f<Ste, when the apprentices un dergo an examination and receive prizes for proficiency in their studies and punctual attendance at the night school. The " Devils " receive a very superior educa tion, including classics andmodern languages, and they are paid higher salaries in propor tion to their intelligence. The apprentices have a right to employment when they be come journeymen, and there is-the Pension: Fund, where the proprietor allows an in creased sum for every year an employd rests in the office. Men live and 'die in that ex cellent establishment. Benson, who belongs to the " Upper Ten" criminals, would have remained unknown to fame if he had been kicked ont of a club at Brussels, when detected, in 1870, robbing, dnring a card party. The gentlemen did not like creating a scandal. Fonr young men returning home from a supper party, and arriving at the Place de Concorde, 'proposed to drown thems'elres; two jumped into the Seine, despite the efforts of their comrades. One was drowned. A young woman, in order to effectively com mit suicide, dressed herself in the servant's clothes, and then threw herself In to the river. Canse—toothache. The French journals have attempted to establish a " Press Club it opens badly, with a red hot Bonapartist for President, and a ditto for. Secretary. Republican writers keep shy of the concern; they sus pect man-traps and spring gnns. Dr. Penfil was a firm believer in a head being conscious after separation from the trnnk. A railway accident placed the re quired head within his reach. He was dis covered applying a red hot iron to the tongue, when a gentleman, pointing to the trunk, said, "It would he better were tbe Dr. to occupy himself trying to restore it to life." The Omnibns Company of Paris, a mono poly, refuse to roof the tops of their 'busses, alleging the amelioration would attract too many passengers. It is established that tram-cars are one-third cheaper than 'busses. The late Theodore Barriere demanded on one occasion of Baron HaussmaDn, where an; old lady friend could build a honse " shel tered from the demolitions." "Along the line of a new' street," was the Baron's ad vice. " Cassar Augustus Napoleon "—what a name to go to Church or war with !—is the appellation of - a Monsieur who seeks' re dress before a Tribunal. 