THE RACE. Rising with the lark yesterday morning we wended our way down to the racecourse to witness the straggle for £5 a side, between Dr Doyle's brownjmare—no name—(5 years old), sire Blue Jacket, and Mr James Dettman's light brown mare, Marian Wallace, by Robin Hood, rising 3. Catch weights, distance 1J mile. The betting up to Saturday last, was 2 to 1 on Dettmin's mare, but the result showed how badly posted were the knowing ones. To the ordinary observer ' Marian Wallace' looks more promising for three quarters of a mile than for a mile and a .quarter, being a little bit " tacked up," and light both in color and build, with two white socks, (they are hardly stockings), on her hind legs. Dr Doyle's mare improves on acquaintance, and after the race, -which woke her up, with out in the least distressing her, her good points and blood seemed to come out more prominently. As she was unshod, all round, the strain upon her was all the greater, ou the slippery green turf, which was wet with frost when the horses started at the early hour of 7 a.m. John Stoppa rode Mr Dettman's mare, and Phillip Bennett was jockey for Dr Doyle. Mr Wedgwood, of Wedgwood's Hotel, officiated as starter, and Mr Moore, of the Junction Hotel, acted as judge, while Mr Minogue, mounted on a very knowing, looking old flea-bitten piece of horse flesh voted himself in ' unanimously' as clerk of the course, and produced a ' mill' of the most rale old Iroh " blec^nard " that we ever dipped our digits into. There's more sneeze in a pinch of that snuff than in half a dozen spoonfuls of the best refferee doctored up, though the latter may be with ground glass, and the sweepings of old cutty pipes. The weather being very clear, cold, and froBty, with just a ' suspicion ' or ice in the pools of water in the road, only about forty tumbled out from between the .blankets and showed up to witness the sport ; and the majority of these were youthful The ground being blocked with fencing, the horses had to diverge slightly to get a clear course. After a preliminary walk-round by the jockeys, to get * the run' of the course, both horses got off to a splendid start, the Doctor's mare taking the lead, with a plunge that, in three or four strides, carried her as many lengths ahead of her adversary. It was a lost race from the very commencement, the Doctor's mare leading all the way round. At first there was an impression abroad that Dettman's rider was husbanding his mare for the final struggle, but after getting about threequarters round the course—the Doctor's mare always maintainiug a good clear lead of several lengths—Marian made.a feeble and unsuccessful attempt to collar her rival, and, failing in that, the straight run in did her no good, in spite of whip and spur, which were very freely used by fher rider, the Doctor's jockey being sparing of both commodities. Marian was finally beaten by six or seven lengths, or more, never having had the ghost of a chance throughout, the whole race, which was entirely in the hands uf Dr Doyle's horse, from the moment when she jumped off with the lead. Unfortunately, as the race was done at tip-top speed throughout, there was no record kept of the time, which may, however, bo considered as firstclass. 