BY CELIA'S ARBOUR. By WALTER BESANT axd JAMES RICE. Authors of ' Ready Money Morliboy,' ' The Golden Butterfly,' %c. [The right of publication in Australia has been purchased by tbe ? proprietors of the Sydney Hail.] Chapter XI. — The Wab, and Aftee. That summer of 1854 was a long and dreary time. We were waiting for something to be done, and nothing was done.^ Good heavens ! Were our gene rals etupid, or incapable, or were they dreaming away the time r Who does not remember the cholera at Varna, after the long and unnecessary delay, the sickness of the troops before a blow had been struck, ani at last the embarkation for the Crimea ? So great and terrible was the spectre of Russian greatness that even the three great Powers of France. Turkey, and England hesitated before attacking this mens rous Frankenstein in his den. They went at last, greatly daring, and their reward was — Alma. And then followed the splendid months of barren victory — Inkermann, the soldiers' battle, the foolish braggadoeio of the light cavalry charge, followed by the cruel -winter and the unmerited Bufferings of the troops, for which a dozen commissariat officers ought to have been shot. About this time I eaw my compatriots, the Rus sians, for the first time. Some prisoners were brought to us ; they wore flat caps and long coats ; they had good-natured faces, not at all foolish ; they had wide noses like Tar I are, and they made themselves quite happy and comfortable with us, carving all sorts of toys, and showing a power of laughter and humour quite incompatible with the devilry we had been acsustomed to attach to the Muscovite character. They were only devils, I suppose, by order of the Czar, and in the ranks. Outside the ranks as peaceable, docile, and quiet a set of fellows as ever wanted to grow an honest crop in peace. But how we received the news in those days! With cheers, with illuminations, with feastings, with recep tions of captains, generals, end admirals. Still the exodus of our juventus -went on. The jwenes were younger, smaller, and more, rustic in appear ance. They all, however, had the same gallant bear ing, these brave country lads fresh from the plough aid the stable, redolent of mother earth. A few weeks before and th^y were leaning against posts in the \illage street, feeding pigs, driving calves, striding with a sideward lurch after cows, sitting almost mute on a bench in the village alehouse ; no w they were well setup, drilled, inspired with warlike ardour, filled with new ideas of duty, responsibility, and a career, ready to do— and to die. Let us confess that the readiness Sto d e is always qualified by that belief which every so'dier has, that he, if no one eke, will be the one person to escape. If it were not for that sa -ing clause I X fear that, even in tie times of greatest danger to the country, aerrice in the ranks would not be popu . lar. Men did. not volunteer for those charming tights ' in tbe arena before Nero, when all had to die on the ] ground. Quite the contrary ; they disliked that kind of fi.^ht, and I have often thought how grea ly the j vivacity and ardour of the combat would hare been j increased if the combatants had been told beforehand I t'nat one —say the bravest — wo aid ha.e his life spared, I with a pension of a shilling a day ever afterwards, for moiititri salu/ant might have been »aid bythosi fresh-cheeked young English la Is on their way to club muskets at Inkermann, and to fell in the storming of the Redan. And after a while they began to send the wounded home. T-j receive them a hospital was built in one of the meadows under the Ramparts, and a portion of the wall was 'ailed off for the convales ents to walk up -n. This made our own end at the Queen's Bastion still more quiet and secluded. In 1856 the tick and wounded were brought home by every ship that arrived from the East, and week by week, sometimes daily, might be feen filing up the long and nmo «' street a long and dismal procession. ! It consisted of sailors carrying stretchers, four to every stretcher. There was no band now, nor would be any more for most of the poor men upon the stretchers, tiil the muffled drums and the fifes marched before the coffin and played the ' Dead March.' The townsfolk who had turned out to wave their handker chiefs when the soldiers went away came out now to greet them ba k. But what a gre -ting ! and what a return! Some, sitting half upright, waved their feeble hands in response to those who lined the way and cheered their return. Their faces were pale and worn with 'sjffering ; sometimes a sheet covered the lower limbs, which were mutilated and crushed ; some, a little stronger than their comrades, sat up, laughed, and nodded. Some, worn out by the rolling of the ship, the pain of their wounds, and the long sufferings of the campaign, lay back with closed eyes, patient, and sad to see, and made no sign. And here and there one was borne along ghastly, the pallor of death upon his cheeks, life done for him; not even vitality enough left to think about the future world ; his eyes half open ivith a fixed glare that observed nothing. This, with the row of tombs in the Crimea and at Scutari, was the end of all that pride and pomp of war. What was it Tennyson said — « The long, long enn'ier of Peicc is over and done.' We were to wake to nobler aims, leave the sordid and base, gi'e up cheating, and strike home, were it but with the cheating yard-measure, ? Well, the war came, ran its course, and ended. What nobler ends followed ? How much was aboished of the old cheating, the sordid aims, and the general ba=ene3s of a world at peice ? How much less wicked and selfish were we, when all the fighting was finished a d the soldiers came back to us ? And after all, we return to Celia's question, ' What had they done to ea h other, the Russians and the English, that they should stand face to face and fight?' ' Take me away, Laddy,' Celia said one day, after s eing one of the gloomy processions of the wounded partly file past. ' Take me away ; I cannot bear to see any more. Oh! the poor soldiers — the poor soldiers ! What punishment can be great enough for the men who have brought all this misery upon the earth?' What, indeed? But Nicholas was dead. General Fevrier killed him. Perhaps, after all, he was not tVie guiltiest ; but he gave the word. It is to be hoped, for their own sakes, that autocrats do not know what war means, else surely the word never wo Id be given, even to save the throne, and every nation wouid manage its own affairs in quietness. And jet England had to fight. It seems most true that the war could not be avoided. All that blood, all that suffering, the moans of so many thousands of wounded, the tears of so many thousands of women and children, the awakening of so many evil passions, the letting loose of bo m ny devils, must fall upon the head of Russia. First to excite revolt among the Christian subje ts of the Turk ; then to make diffi culties for the Turks in putting down the miserable victims of the Russian plot ; then to call on Europe to mark* how Turkev treated her subjects; then to proclaim herself the protector ot Christians— this was Russia's game in 1«28, in 1853, and, lastly, in 1876. And the glory of the poor soldiers ? They died for their countiy, and have such glory as belongs to one of a nameless fifty thousand fallen on the field. The fight was just and the victory righteous. We pay the penalty now of not having carried the war to its legitimate end. We should have restored Poland, driven Russia back to the Caucasus and the Caspian, given Finland again to Sweden, and taken away her southern ports. All this we could have done ; it was possible to England and France twenty years ago. Will the chance ever come again ? Through the whole of the war there was no man in the town who took a keener interest in it, who waB oftener in the streets, who hung more about the har bour, or talked more with soldiers and sailors, than Herr Raumer. The war, in any case, did good to our own people in the dockyard town. There had never been such times since the good oldlong war, when a man who had a shop near the Hard had but to open it and stand all day taking the sailors' money as fast as they poured it out over the counter. Every ship that came home brought her sailors to be paid off, the money to be all spent in the town ; every ship that sailed for the East carried away storeB for the soldier, chiefly bought in the town. Those who were in the way of all this money making made fortunes out of it, and retired to subur ban villas, -with gardens, for the rest of their lives. I do not think that the green coffee berries, the putrid preserved meat, the mouldy compressed hay, or the biscuits that walked about animated by a multitudin ous hive of lively creatures, were supplied by any of our people. We were too patriotic ; we had Mends onboard the ships if not in the regiments— could we send them out rotten provisions or brownpaper boots? Then there was the revelry. Out of all the millions spent in the Crimean War, think how many went in the drink-shops and the dancing-kens. The fiddle of old Wassielewski, I know, was in constant request ; often and often I heard the well-known sound— I knew his style, which was distinct from that of any other of the Bailors' musicians— from behind the red curtains of a sailors' public-house, behind which Jack and Gill were dancing, drinking, and singing. The China War, hy- the- way, was long sin e played out, and the picture had given 'way to another in which Russians were playing an ignominious but dramatic part. Aside picture represented French sailors and soldiers, very tight of waist, moustachioed, and black of hair, fraternizing merrily with our own men,— with drink, hand- shaking, and song, they were celebrating the entente eordialc. Listen ! It is the sailors' hornpipe; within is one who grave of face and agile of foot treads that mazy measure alone, while around are grouped the crowd of sympathetic rivals, who drink, applaud, and presently emulate. The dancer is facing old Wassielewski, who sits with outstretched left leg, his deep-set eyes fixed on the opposite wall, his thoughts far away in the dreadful past or the revengeful future, ?while the fingers obedient to his will plaj the tune that he orders but does not listen to. It u, I know I because I do not look in, but feel all this, a low room' I and it is redolent of a thousand compound smells' I ancirnt, fish-like, capable of knocking a stranger do^ I and stunning him with a single blow. The windows 1 have never been open for twenty or thirty years ; of I course, once in a way, a pane was broken, and there I were occasions when some young mariner, 66hore after I three years' cruise, was fain out of the plethora of his 1 joy to 'find relief in smashing them all. But the smell 1 of that room was venerable by age, and respectable bv I association, though more awful than it is permi ted I me to describe. Jack and Jill did not mind it ; they I liked it. There wai, rum in it, plenty of beer, a verv 1 large quantity of tobacco, onions, 'beefsteaks, mutton- 1 chops, boiled pork and cabbage, pea soup, more to- I bacco, more rum, more beer. That Bmell, my friends I is gone ; the pubiic-house is gone, Jill is almost gone' ? Jack is an earnest Methodist by religion, and he spends 1 his time ashore at the Sailors' Home. I And there then was the dockyard with all its extra 1 hinds, and the work going on day and night, so that 1 the solemn tilence of the darkness was unknown. I Victory Row must have lost one of its chief charaiB. I For the whole twenty-four hours, there was the I incessant tap-tap of the caulkers, the heavy thug of ? the steam-hammer, the melodious banging oMhe I rivets, followed by countless echoes from the many- I cornered yard, and the r — r — r — r of the machinery. I No rest at all, except on Sunday. That emergency I m jst be great indeed when, the .British Government I would ask its workmen to give up their Sabbath rest. I As for the sailors, there seemed no diminution in ? their numbers, or in the number of the ships which I crowded the harbour, and were perpetually comin-» I and going with their thunder of salutes. Jack only I had two stages : he was either ju6t paid off, and there- I fore ostentatiously happy with his friends around him, I his fiddlers, and his public-house, or he was just em- I barking again on a newly commissioned ship, goinz I off for another cruise with empty pockets, coppers I terribly hot, and perhaps, if he was Jack in his youth, I with the faint and dimly seen ghost of a possible I repentance somewhere lurking about his brain, a I spectral umbra pointing heavenward -which faded as I the shore receded, and vanished about eix bells in the I morning. . ? For soldiers we fell back upon the militia. We I never yet grasped the truth that England may have to I defend what she has got ; that she is not only the ? admiration, but also the envy, of all other nations ; I that Russia would like Constantinople and India ; I Germany, Australia — good heavens, think of the shame 1 and ignominy of letting any un-English-speaking ? country have Australia ; the States, Canada ; France, ? Egypt and Syria ; Italy, Cyprus ; Greece, Crete ; and m so on. When these tacts have become convictions, I when we fairly understand how great is our position ? ' in the world ; what a tremendous stake we have in it ; ? how much of unselfish humanity depends on the ? maintenance of English hegenomy— then will England I arm every man between fifteen and fifty, and make all a from twenty to thirty liable to foreign service. I Patriotism sleeps, but it may be awakened. If it ? continues to sleep, farewell to England's greatness. A I century of ignoble wealth, a generation or two of ? commerce diverted, trade ruined, industries forgotten, ? and the brave old country would become worse than ? Holland, because the English aie more sensitive than I the Dutch, and the memories of old glory combined I with present degradati n would madden the people I and drive them to— the usual British remedy, drink. ? In 1855 we— I do not speak as a Pole — were rather I better off in the matter of regiments and recruits than ? we should be in 1877, were the occasion to arise. In all I these years we have learned nothing, taken to heart ? nothing, done nothing, prepared for nothing. We have I no larger army, we have no better organization, -we ? have no more* intelligent syetem, we have not made ? our officers more responsible. Twenty years ago we ? threw away twenty thousand men — with a light heart ? sent twenty thousand men to die because we had no ? eystem of control, transport, and commissariat. All ? these poor lads died of preventable disease. What ? have we done since to make that impossible ? again? Nothing. Talk. At the very Autumn ? Manoeuvres, when, we have weeks to prepare and a ? paltry ten thousand men to provide for, we break M down. Continental nations see it, and laugh at us. ? What have we done to make our children learn that ? they must fight pro patria, if occasion arises ? Nothing. ? Board schools teach the Kings of Israel ; the very ? atmosphere of the country teaches desire of success ? and the good things which success brings with it ; no a school teaches, as the Germans teach, that every man ? is owed to his country. That may come ; if it does ? not come saon, farewell to England's greatness. ? Again : that the Empire was created and grew great, B not by truckling to the pretensions of modern diplo- ? matists, but by Baying, ' Thus fir, and no farther. ? Do this wrong or that, and you willhiveto nght ? England. That the most glorious country that the m world has ever seen, the finest, the richest, the most m splendid, the most re'.igious, the less priest-ridden ana m king- riddeB, was made what it is by its children being m willing and able to fight— all these things were not m taught in 1855. Good heavens ! I am a Pole, and m yet-more than half an Englishman ; Jand it makes me aj sick and sorry to feel how noble are his annals ; now ?? profound a gap would be made in the world by we aj collapse of England ; and how little English people m seem to understand their greatness. I a&je; Deen aj waiting twenty years to see the fruits of the Crimean aj War— and, behold, 'they are dust and ashes in tue m mouth. . n ? Bevcnons a ne$ moutons. Our garrison, then, con- aj sisted of a couple of militft regiments. They came to m us, raw country lads, like the recruits whom we eent to g the East, but, being without the presence of tne aj veterans to control and influence them, they wok m longer to improve. And yet it is wonderful to notice aj how an Englishlad takes to his drill and tackles hisgun m from the very fixat, with an intelligence that m aim°si aj instinct. He is, to be sure, almost too fond of ngh^S- ? ThereisnoothercountrybesidesEnglandexcepttrmw m where the recruits can be taught to march, to Bkirm?£. m and the rest of it, without the aid of Sergeant &ucs;, aj bo largely employed in the Russian, German, anu « Austrian service*. These young fellowB came up w ? barravks, with ther country lurch upon them, up aj good-natured country grin and their '*atia£ler;£ie ? forbeer. Theyretainedthelast,butinaveryshortttme m got rid of the first. One whole regiment velunteereaior g foreignservice-lforgetwhatitwas-andwrenttocon , « the island which a late Prime Minister, mftre osrenu ? of a theory than of a country's prestige, toweo jw ? temptuouslyqver to Greece, so that aUthe^ | sneered and even the gods wondered. « eu ? -£ m rustics of militia men, I declare, after a lew J ? were as well set up, pipeclayed, an\drille*' .T tneji 1 regiment of the line, and as trustworthy in case ™ m services should be required. ? ? In one thing one must needs confess they ^ ? inferior to the regulars. It was not in P«P«g ^ I larity, which they easily acquired. We were , f£ | the pipeclay days, whei the white belt and the ck«s a Bhoulder-so-aps were daily stiffened by ^f-^to 1 able stuff; the whi e trousers of summer baa a m be kept in a whited sepulchre ?emblanw ?Jged 1 purity by the same means. A man who is OTJ*^ ? cannot stoop ; the black leather collar ^f^Jao* I at an unbending line with the body ; M*ygJ ^f the 1 tufts on the shoulder, with the f^^TjfJed ftuff 1 abBurd regimental coat, and the tiny ball 01 reo a *^,- reeimental hat, all xombined to necessitate a on A ten times stiffer and more rigidly upiight Tin these degenerate days. The most lopsided p v S beer. The old regular got drunk as often lSSSSS». but the 'drunker he got the stiffer aTevr so that when: he was quite helpless he fell vl * laiiD-POSt, with uncompromising legs. And we, ^ knew bv experience how a sokier should fall, ariTed with sorrow rather than anger, that the Saman fell in a heap like a ploughboy, and so ggged his customary pursuits. ? 