A HAUNTED LIFE. By J auks Grant. (£'kom Routlepuk's Annual. 1 CHAPTER X L X. i>'ir Caniahy's (h'atitudc. Save that lie h:ul got .1 terrible shaking, a tow Mows, and considerable fright, Sir Carnaby Collingwood, thanks to Trevor Chute and his servant, was not much the worse, ami between his draught^ of iced seltzer and brandy, he sputtered and threa tened the whole city of Lubcck with our ambassador at, Uurlin, and to have the out rage of thenightbrouyht "buforetho House" as soon an ho returned to town ; while Lady Evelyn, lillleil with genuine admiration of the pluck shown by Chute, Ilia manlv and generous bearing, and witli gratitude fin- the manner in which I10 had assuredly saved the life of Iter euro sposo, beeame his most ardent ally, but as ho ami Sir Carnaby lingered over their wine that-night he felt—and still more next day—the weight of the many blows and bnll'els of which ho had been ijuito uncon scious at the time they wore so freely be stowed upon him. "Egad, Chute," ehuekl.nl Sir Carnaby, " didn't think you and [ should over figure like two heroes in a melodrama ; by Jove absurd, don't you know—but those Germans art! beastly fellows. The moselle stands with you. We have had nothing here," he con tinued, laughing with more genuine hearti ness than was usual to him, for his feelings had undergone a revulsion—"we have had nothing here but mistakes and scenes— actually scenes. I refused you Clare, and you make oil", per train, with Lady Evelyn 1 was most unkind to you, and you act generously by returning good for exceeding evil.1"' Trevor was so unused to this tone from Sir Carnaby that his heart swelled with mingled hope and anticipation, joy and sad ness, as he said: "I am only thankful to heaven that 1 was hero to-night, and able to boof service to you." "Service—egad, my dear fellow, you have savod my life!" " The consciousness of that rewards 1110 for mora than one past misfortune." "Ah, you mean those which caused you to leave the Guardsj" " To leave Englaud, aud—lost 1110 Clare!" said Chute, falteringly. I " well, it was all 110 fault of vours, > it was a thousand pities that your father, the ' old general—an extravagant dog he was— could touch the entail. That is all over now; ' and believe me, Trevor Chute, if you forgive me the past, you shall not go without your reward." Aud the two shouk hands in silence. The heart of the younger man beat tumultuously, for well did ha know the glorious " reward" that was referred to. Ho" knew that Sir Carnaby would keep to his word, and ho had, wo have said, an ardont admirer and ad herent in Lady Evelyn. Captain Chute," said she, " do give up this p«rogrimanla of youw, and spend Christ mas with us at. Gnrnaby Court. Promise nie," sha added, taki»g his hand in hors ; " 1 will .take no denial, and am always used to have my way in. every thing." So Chute, without mucli difficulty, accepted an invitation iu which kindness was perhaps mingled with sonio desire to get Clare off her hands. .Chute, with SirCarnaby'spermission, wrote to Clare next day, saying that ho had been so happy as to be of service to her father, and huu savod him—"saved his life, in fact"— during a row among the Germans ; that they woi r tho best of friends now that all barriers weri: renvved, and how happy ho and she would yet bo in the time to come 1'oor Clare was extremoly bewildered by all.this, till tho letter was supplemented by a more descriptive and effusive epistle from the, sometime to her, obnoxious Lady Evelyn, describing in glowing colours the tori urs of tho allair at Lubeck, Chute's bravery, and Sir Carnaby's rescue and the heart of the girl leaped in her breast with gratitude to hen ran for this sudden change i 1 thu feelings of her father, and gratitude to Trevor for savingtho selfish old man from injury, insult, aud, too probably, a sudden aud dreadful death, and amid this now-born happiness grow a longing to behold that of her sister and of Jerry "Vane. The latter, when in London, more than once, when with Desmond, contrived to draw 011 the subject of tho male tiguro he had seer, in the arbour with Ida, and found that, he still adhered to it in all its somewhat vague details. O11 the other hand, I10 had a long private letter from Claro, impressing upon him that it must have been a delusion ; that no such person had been sCon by Ida ; and dwelling delicately on tho health of the latter, and the strange fancies whichhaunted hor. Per plexed, ho know not what to think, and would mutter: Delusion ! Were Colonel Rakes Des mond, and I all deluded alike? It is an impossibility i" Ho actually doubtod her, and bitter as the doubt must ba of one that loves, deep must be the love that struggles against it, aud his was of that kind. Claro reminded him of Ins promised visit at Christmas time. ' Shall I go, to bo snared again by the witchery of Ida's violet eyes and the golden gleam of her auburn hair 1" The most rankling and bitter wounds are those of tho heart; because they are unseen apd, too often, nntollable; so Vane, amid the bitterness of his doubt, consoled, or strove to console himself with tho roniark of a Scottish writer, who says, " How 'humbling it is to think that the strongest affections which have perplexed, or agitated, or de lighted us from our birth, will, in a fow years, ceaso toliave an existence on the oarth and that all the ardour which they have' kindled will be as completely extinguished and forgotten as if they had'never boon ! " Love for him ccrtainly soemod to have been dawning in herheart again; olse whence that,kiss—somewhat too sisterly, perhaps which she accorded to him so frankly in tho oriel window, filling his bosom with tho old joy ? Across the sunshine that was brighten ing his path why should this n arring shadow havo fallen, giving a pain that was only squalled in intensity hy his luve 5 hence it was simply horrid to hear a man like Des mond.say, mockingly : You ask 1110 about that fellow in the arbour so often that, by Jove, Vano, you are becom ing spooney on her again—heard you were so once, don't you know—threw you over for Beverley, and all that sort of thing. Fact la, my dear fellow, women always betray thoso who love them too much. Never throw your heart further away than just so far that you ; can easily recover it." , Ajid with hi* thoughts elsewhere, Jerry spoiled as women of the world will spoil a drawmg-room pet, lingered on amid a gay circle in London, endowed with a vague I flirting commission, and ooquottad a1 little with the languid, the soft, and the lovely to hido or heat the wound that Ida had in flicted ; while it was with regret, and a sense of as much irritation and hautour as her gentle naturo was capable of feeling, Ida heard that Vane was to accompany Chute (after all-that had passed between them and.hts suspicions) to Carnaby Court, whera now tho beeches aud elms were all yellow' or brown with tho last tints of autumn, and the tall trees in the chase showed flushes of crimson, purple, and orange whon the sun was sinking beyond the uplands in the •■rest. On very differeut terms, were Clara and to- lover; and in their'letters they wrote freely and confidently of their future—a happy time that seemed certain now—the future that onoe \iad been but as tho mirage that Chute had often boheld on tho march in the sandy deserts of Aijimere. u Clare—I shall see her again!" he mut tered to himself ; it was a great thought a bright conviction, that to him sho was° no longer a dream but a reality; thus in his heart he felt " that riot of hope, joy; and belief which is too tumultuous and impatient for happiness, but yet« happy beyond all that tho world holds." Objectless till he saw "her again, after Sir | Carnaby aud Lady Evolyn had loft him for England, he lingered in Northern. Germany; but Jerry Vane accepted Lady Evelyn's written and actually reiterated invitation for Christmas with very mingled feelings in deed. . Sineo tho day he had left Carnaby Court so abruptly he had never exchanged a word, verbally or in writing, with Ida. Iu going there now he would do so with a deadened seuBa of sorrow, disappointment, and bitterness in his heart, and the wretched doubt as to whether, ho was wise to throw himself into tlie. lure—was it snare ?—of her society ; again -even with tha intention of showing q.s he thought,- poor goose, how bravely .he co'ijld resist it,. and seak to 'con-' vinco her that ho had effaced the past and forgotten to view hor amid tho halo in which he hud onco enshrined her. Wore they, then, to meet in a Htate of antagonism I Trevor Chute 8 bravorcsinw of Sir Carnally Oullingvvood had, as a story, pivcjdcd his re turn to town, with many exaggnraiious ; the clubs rang with it, and it actually stirred I lie blood in what " Oiiida " cnlln "the lan guid, nil ailmiruri, ogotistic, liatlens pulses of high-bred society." Cut time was creeping oil now, and tho Christmas of the year drew near at hand. 0 IT A P T E It XX. Carmiby Court. The baronet's country seat was popular among his " sot," and in tho county gener ally. The ladies were attractive. Sir Car nally was fondof society, and was undeniably hospitable; the preserves woro good i-he corn fed pheasants were among the beat in tho land, and partridges abounded in the coverts and thickets; the atud and cellar were good, and his French cook was a genius. The oak studded chase, where the deer lay deep amid tho fern, showed trees that were of vast antiquity—remnants, perhaps, of tho days when Mucks was all a forest, as old historians i ell us. The Collingwoods had been lords of O'dling wood ever since tradition could tell of them. They, wore, it was said, old as tho chalky Cliiltein Hills and tho woods of Whaddon Chase, and stories of their prowess had been rife among the people since die days when Edward was murdered at Tewkesbury, when " bluff King Hal" burnt Catholics and Pro testants together with perfect impartiality at SuutAifwld, when Mary spent her maudlin love on Philip, and Queen Hess boxed the oars of her courtiers : all had figured in his tory somehow ; and everywhere, over tho gateway half hidden by ivy, in tho painted oriels, on the gables, and on tho buttons of : tho livery servants, were three eels wavy on a bend, indicating a heraldic portion of tho tenure by which they held their laud, like ' tho lord of Aylesbury in tho same county— " l!y the sergentry of finding straw for tho bed o? the Defender of tho Faith with three eels for his supper, when he should travel that way." Huilt, patched, and repaired in various ages, tho Cuiirtis one of the most picturesque old mansions in the county. In one portion, chiefly inhabited hy crows and hats, there was a half-ruined remnant loft by the Wars of tho Rosea, on which the presont_Tiidor, or, rather, Elizabethan mansion, wittfrCs peaked gables, oriel windows, and clustered chimney-' ( stacks—square, twisted, or llutcd—had been engrafted. Hawthorn, holly, and ivy grew out af tho clefts of tho ruinous portion; and | there in childhood had Clare and Ida made baby housos ; and there they had duvored in secre! many a fairy and ghost story, and thrill, d with joy over that of tlie "Ugly Dnckliiu.'' j lie terrace Balustrades wore mossy and gr.een, a <d though Carnal*y Court had au old and decayed aspect, th^re was u lingoriug grandeur about it. The plate in tho diiiiug-hall wa» famous in tho county f«r its value and. autiqu.iy, though many a gofelet and salver had tmuo to the melting-pot whim King Charles wnfurled his standard at Nottingham. We liavo said that stories had been rumoured about, of a figure seen in the gar den aud elsewhere; and Sir Carnaby, who loathed scenes, excitement, worry, and all that sort of thing," as he phrased it (though he had undergone enough and to spare), was intensely provokvd when tihe old butler gave him some hint of tho shadowy addition to tho family at the Court. "A ghost!" he oxclaimod, with his gold glasses on his long, thin nose. " Ye*, sir—so they say." " They—who '! Stuff ! If t,his absurd story gets abroad, wo shall find ourselves a subject, for the speculation of tho vulgar here and tho spiritualists everywhere; and the house may be beset by all manner of in truders. And what is it like I" " Nobody knows; a tall man in black, I have hoard," roplied the butler. " Black ! How do ghosts or spirits get clothes ?" " I don't know, Sir Carnaby." "Of Course you don't, how should you ? Your spirits are in wood;" chuckled tho baro net. 1 have heard of tables spinning about, of hells ringing, banjos 'playing, of sticks beating on a drum-head hy nnsoen hands, and oven of people Hying through the air at seanccs, but I'll have none of that nonsense at Carnaby C-mrt. Its bad stylo —vulgar — very ! We'll send for tho disembodied police, and have yoiic ghost taken up as .a rogue aud impostor." Quite a gay party had assembled for the Christmas festivities at the old Court ; there were Major Desmond, and two of his brother officers, with his intended, one of the belles of tho last season in Tyburnia, Colonel and Lady Rakes Lord Brixton, anil many more, including old BayMyatar and Charley Rakes, a mere lad, steoped already in folly or w<>rt>o, yet very much disposed to lionise and patro nise tho pretty Violet. When Trevor Chute and Yano first arrived they woro both shocked—tho latter par ticularly so—to find a great and fatal change had coiue over Ida, and it had come suddenly too, as Clare asserted. Jorry had be"un to feel the sweetness of cheated hope, but this was fading now. She seemed in a decline apparently ; large dark circles were under her eves, and their old soft swuetneas of gaze was blended with a wuird aud weary look of infinite melancholy at times ; and when Ckre had tsxpressed to Sir Carnaby a hope that she might yet wed Jerry out of pity "Let hor wed him for anything, for by Jove, this sort of thing is great boredom," sighed or grumbled the baronet. " The idea of you, Captain Chute, eloping with'our now mamma," said Violet, when she met liim. " That led to my being of service to your father, Violet—to my being here to- night," he added, in a tender whisper to Clare, as the ladies loft tho dining- table, and Sir Carn aby changed his seat to'tho head of the table. "Ugh!" said lie, in alow voice, "unless poor Ida brightens up a little, a doleful Christmas wo are likely to havo of it; but I am glad to soe you, Vane—the wine stands with yon—pass the bottles, and don't in sult.my butler by neglecting to fill y„ur glass." With all hiB affected breeze of manner, his desire to appear juvenile before Lady Erelyn, and all his inborn selfishness/both Vane and Chute could percaive that the failing health | of his favourite daughter had affected him. The unwelcome crow's-feet wore deeper about his eyes; his general "get up" was less elaborate ; his whiskers were out of curl, and like what remained of his hair, showed, by an occasional patch of grey, that dye was some times forgotton. The first quiet stolen interview of Clare and (Trevor 'Chute 'was' one of inexpressible happiness and joy. They were again in the recess of that oriel near which he had first said,' he loved her, and she had accepted him. Tho,moon shone as bright now as then, but in the clear and frosty sky of a iviuterHight, and the flakes of light throw down many a crimson, golden, and blue ray of colour on the snowy skiu and white dress of Clare, as she nestled her face on Trevor's breast, while his arm, went round rhe. : Clare loved well the woodi of the old Court, —the lovely, leafy woods—with trees round atid vast as the pillars of a Saxon cathedral —loved them in their vernal greenery, their summer foliage,-and their varied autumnal tints of russet, brown, and gold, for there had Trevor told her again and again the old, old story, the story : of both their hearts, hand | locked in hand ; and there she had first learned how sweet and good our earthly life may be, how full of hope, of sunshine, and glory to the loving and the loved ; but never did she love them as when she saw them now, though standing black and leafless amid the far- stretching waste of snow that gleamed in the distance far away under the glare of the moon, for Trevor was with hor once more, and never to be separated from her again! " Oh, Trovor, Trevor! I thank kind Heaven," alio whispered for the twentieth tiiua, " that you and papa are friends now— and_ such friends! Lady Evelyn has told mo again and again all the debt we owe. If the poor old man had perished " "Had I saved a nation, Glare, my reward is ini/o«,"said he, arresting effectually further thanks or praises. He had dreamed by day of Clare, and loved her aa much as over man loved woman; he had undergone all the misery of sen-ration, of hopelessness, doubt, and even < f tround less jealousy ; and now, after all, she was his own! For tho raost tranquil time of all his past life he would not havo exchanged the tumultuous and brilliant joy of th" present, yet that : joy was riot without a cloud; and that cloud wa3 the rogret and perplexity paused by.T4a, for whom he bad $11 the tonr dernoss of a brother. . On the day aftor his arrival ho W&a; writing * in tho library, and hud beon so for some timo, boforo he discovered that Ida was lying asluup in an easy chair near the lire, her alumber in duced oither by weariness and lan^nur, or the cosy heat of the room, with its warmth of 1 colour and its heavy draperim, which partly i hid tho snowy scene without. For a ftnv i moments ho watcheil tho singular beauty of i tho girl's upturned face, the purity of hor < profile and tho sweetness of hor parted Hps, as her graceful head reclined against the back of tho softly-cnsluoiiod chair, over which, as < thoy had become undone, bright masses of her auburn hair worn rippling. Suddenly she Boomed to shiver in her sleep, and to mutter, as terror and sorrow hardened the lines of her face. Shu waa dreaming ; and Htarting, with a low cry, she awoke, and sprang almost, into tho arms of Olmto. Hor lips woro wliito and parched—white as the teeth within them ; hor eyos, with a wild, hysterical, aud overstrained expression, wore lixed on the empty air, while the Veins in her delicate throat were swollen ; and then she turned to Chute, who kissed her forehead, carr<i88ed hor hands aud besought her to be calm. She drew a long, gasping Bigh, aud said, while swaying forward, as if about to fall: " Oh, Trevor, Trevor.1 I have had a dream of Beverley—and such a dream! Hold mo up, or I shall fall," she added, pressing hor tremulous hands upon her thin white temples. " In this dream, Beverley said—said- " Tears choked her utterance. " JP7i<it did you think he said?" naked Chute, tondevly, " Think? Oh, I heard him as plainly as I boar you!" " Well: do sppak, Ida." "Ho said—' We aro never to bo parted, Ida. even by death. Fate has linked my soul to yours for evor ; and though unseon I am over near you.' Then a cry escaped me, and I awoke. Had you not boon hero 1 should have ■ fainted " " This is—Heavens! what shall I call it— morbid," exclaimed Chute. "Such dreams " Come to me unbidden—uncontrolled," continued Ida, sobbing heavily. ''There seoins to be a strange, half sad aiid sweet, half fearful and subtle, influonco at work around me ! I am sure that there is a world beyond the grave—an unseon world that is close, close to Us all, TVevor." As alio spoke, Chute, who was regarding her with tho tonderest sympathy, bocamo deeply pained to see the grey, death-like hue that, stole over lovely fac<), aud the droop that came into hor—for tho moment—lustre less eyes ; and as ho gazed ho almost began to imbibe some of her wild convictions. "It is a matter of knowledge," bkvr a writer, " that there are persons whose yearning con ceptions— nay, travelled conclusions—con tinually take tho form of images which have a foreshadowing powor: tho dood thoy do starts up before them in comoleto shape, making a coercive typo; the event thoy hunger for or dread rises into vision with a seed-liko growth, feeding itself fast on unnumbered itnpr'usaions. Thay are not always tho leas capable of argumentative process, uor less sane than the cominonplauo calculators of the market." " Whenever I think of Bevorloy I seem to feel that he is, unseen, beside uio ; aud this atirtling and oppressive emotion I can neither control, analyse, or conquer," said Ida, wearily, as Chute lod hor to another room. (To be Continued.) Richks and Ubason.—The experience of the i >te Mr John 13aly, of New York, says tho Scientific American, who got riches but lost bis reason and committed suicide, points to a moral for our time. The case of Dr. Ayur, the Yiell- kiiovfn millionaire, who is in an asylum for the insane, furnishos a coin luuntary on the failure which some m«n are making by their appetite for monoy. There are scores of similar esses of insanity caused by too intense application to business. Bruins aro of more account than bank notes, even in this world, truthfully says tho ChridiuniU JForJc, and it is novor wise to risk one's head to accumulate a property for othor people to quarrel over. Hqw to Prbskuvb Wedding Gifts.— i Sotnp few months ago a young and impulsive pair, rich in friends, but without other visible j lawful moans of support, resolved upon the extreme step of matrimony. Their pretty cottiiga was furnished by wedding' prosonts, and as long as landlord and tradespeople gave | thorn credit they wereyory happy. But there j is an end of patieiiee. A distraint was putin for rent, other creditors assisted with execu- ! tions, and last waek the " household goods j of an olegant suburban villa" were advertisod for salo by public auction. The young mar ried couple roso with the occasion. They wrote to all their friends who had made them j wedding presents, telling tho trouble that ! had fallen upon them. "We don't mind," j was tile stereotyped statement in each note, ; the loss of tho paltry furniture purchased from tradespeople, but we Would liko to pro servo the gifts that you presented on our happy wedding day. If you could manage to attend and buy in for us till better times come round tho things you gave us wo would: bo so glad." This affecting appeal led to & muster of the friends in force; everything that had been given was bought in ; and the young people, now clear of debt, are just'as ; well ofl us on the day thoy were marriod. Every article in the house, from tho bedstead thoy slept on to tho pots aud pans iu tho kitchen, waa a prospnt.—" Atticus" in the Leader. ' .1 Carrier Pigeons.—As an illustration of tho advantage w.ith which carrier pigeons raaybo employed, the Auckland Herald men tions that they aro constantly used in the, butchering and slaughtering business carried oil by Messrs. Fisher and Co. as the bearers of messages and orders. Mossrs. Fisher and Co. have a slaughter-house near St. Ami's bridge, Great South-read, and'betwoen that p!«ce and the city establishment constant communication is kept up by means of pigeon messages. For intance, an order is received far certain meat on the arrival of a vessel in port, one of thoso winced messengers is at oiiee Bent off to the slaughter-house with the death, warrant for the boasts, and'thus in the shortest possible space of time, the necessary meat is forthcoming. The Otiigo Daily Times also'meutiona a recent instance of the use of these birds:—Some anxiety was excited by the ; iioiirarriral of tho tag Koputai from Lyttl»ton, and as tho AVaitaki was goin^ to Oalmaru, Captain Edits was requested to keep a bright look-out for hor, and sond back early intelligence, if any was obtained. A telegram from Oainaru was tho first idea, until Mr. Elder brought down on« of his birds and gave it to tho captain us a sure messenger that would, in the event of anything occurr ing at sea, be back home before a message could be sent through by wire. The Waitaki left at 8 o'clock, and by 11 o'clock the bird waa;at home with the following message: " Koputai, with the two lighters, twenty miles north." , Can; Sucif TirrxGs Be 1—Wo woro aware that there were many discreditable Wine and sly-grog shanties throughout the colony, the keepers of which do not scruple to rob any traveller who may drop in to partake of their poisonous.liquors, but wa certainly were not aware that; there could be such a villian in tho immediate neighborhood of Albury as ho concerning whom we are about to unfold a talo. We are credibly informed that within 2o miles of this town there is a horrible den in existence where at least one man has lost his life, and another rendered a. cripple for the remainder of his days. We forbear mentioning names, for obvious reasons About six months ago. a laboring man who had; earned.a good-sized cheque on a, station near tins shanty, wended his way thither to tl knock it down " after theapprorod colonial fashion. So soon as seen ho possessed some | money, some potent drug was administered [ which caused the unfortunate man to lose his J reason. He was then robbed of every penny lie possessed, but not content with this the keeper of, the shanty threw him, in an J unconscious state, into a damp, cold cellar j | popularly, known in these establishments as ' the " dead-house," where he stayed until he regained, his senses. During that dreadful night m the cellar, the poor man became completely paralyzed all down one aide of his body, and was rendored utterly useless for work. He is now in tho Albary Hospital and is likely to bo dependent on tho charity of the State for tho remainder of h-s days The second case is still more horrible The victim in this instance was a halo working man, but after, paying a visit to the shanty in question, he becamo mad, and committed suicide, by thro wing himself into a waterhole We leave the . .'puhlic' to ..draw'their own conclusions from this ,"ower true'tale " iTo make matters still worts . the : keepei' of tho shanty affects to be piously inclined,, and goes about selling. religicma tract#. -Border] Post. 