WHERE IS HE ? TO THE EDITOlt. Sir— Where is ' the Great Boucaut ?' At this great crisis I repeat, Where is ho to be found ? Are Penn Chambers deserted ? Does the fari naceous village know him no more? Weeks ago the piercing charge (that* s a joke) was made against him in the Upper House that he had offered to sell his constituents for that smallest of all values — the promised vote of a Kapunda J.P. *? How are the mighty fallen ! Tell it not in Goolwa ; publish it not in the streets of Port Victor l*»Rt tVifi Tn«»n of Bors HVirtiild trinmnlt _' Well do I remember the great Goolwa speech, the indignant denunciations of parish vestry politics, the emphatic statement that the Port Victor breakwater was a great national work, which under the auspices of the Boucaut regime should be pushed on with the utmost vigor ; and now the charge that he has been intriguing to delay the very commencement of this work has not even drawn forth a word of denial from him. The Goolwa echoes rang with the sentiment — ' Be bold, yet not too bold, Yet better the excess than the defect, Better the more than less.' Is it all in the defect? Is it all the less? If not surely he will have the pluck to challenge a report that does him so much discredit. And now that a great crisis has arisen in the history of government in South Aus tralia where is now the great constitu tional champion ? A paltry, unintentional blunder on the part of Sir Henry Ayers, aggra vated no doubt by his stubborness and cocky behavior, has been sedulously nursed and fos tered into a grave crisis in the history of the two Houses. Twice the Upper House have tasted the sweets of power — firstly, by rejecting theStampB Bill ifceuccefisfully claimed to direct the incidence of taxation ; then, by excising the Port Victor Breakwater from the Loan Bill, it obtained con trol of expenditure ; and if now it succeeds in compelling the resignation of Sir Henry Ayers, it can make or unmake Ministries; and you may write 'Ichabod' on the doors of the Assembly Chamber, for the glory is departed. Already the triumph of the squatting minority in the Lower, and the squatting majority in the Upper House is all but complete. Already they are pushing the Ministry to their fall, and with them will go the last remnant of constitu tional government, while the men who are able to place before the country the issues at stake are so eager fcr place and power as to help on the evil work. ' Ah ! where was Roderick then ? One blast upon his bugle horn . Were worth a thousand men.' Disconsolately wander the admirers of the late Premier on the shores of Encounter Bay, and, pondering over departed hopes, hear the xuuimurs of the ocean, like the refrain of Edgar Poe's verses, saying continually u nevermore.' I am, Sir, &c;, HANSARD'S GHOST. 