TASMANIAN TURF CLUB SUMMER MEETING. Second Day-Thursday, 8th February. [from our own reporter.] The second day being the off day of the meeting, the attendance of the public was not nearly so large as on the Cup Day, only about two thousand persons being present. The weather was much more agreeable than that of the preceding day, a cool breeze blowing over the ground. The means of conveyance even for the limited number who did attend to-day were miserably inadequate. Tqecabraen, taking advantage as on the pro vious day of the want of vehicular accommodation, made those passengers who were not fortunate enough to get away early in the morning, walk to the outskirts of the town, about a quarter of the distance from the course, and their deposited them some distance from the course in order that they might do a greater number of trips to the course. The cabmen were to some extent encouraged in this extortion by the public consenting to walk to the bridge, but some municipal by-law should be passed to prevent a recurrence of such things. The same practice was pursued on the return journey, the fare of one shilling being demanded no matter how short the distance travelled. The course on the second day, did not present so lively an aspect as on the cup day, and the attendance in the grand stand and enclosures was not nearly so large. The attendance of the denizens of the flat was also much smaller than that of the previous day, and fewer fights occurred. His Excellency the Governor and his suite arrived on the ground shortly before the starting of the first race in a four-in-hand drag, tooled by that experienced driver, Mr. Jos. Lord, and was received by some of the stewards, THE RACING. Tile racing to-day was very good, the majority of the events on the programme being well contested. The time in some cases caused surprise, and was much doubted,, notably that for the Tamar Handicap. The legitimate business commenced with the Flying Handicap, but of the ten horses nominated only four weighed out. Rapidity was made a very strong favourite When the competitors faced the starter, Rapidity became very fractious, and considerable delay occurred. When a Start was effected, Rapidity jumped inside the post, and had to be brought back again, and, by this mishap, was thrown out of the contest. For the greater part of the journey a good race ensued between Irish Workman and Confidence, the former winning with ease at the finish. The Fakir was at no time dangerous, and his running proved that he would be more at home in a Hack Race. British Workman is a very handsome colt, and is by Castle Hill, from Lady Bird, blood not to be denied, and we will be very much surprised if the colt does not furnish into a fine three-year old. The same may be said of Confi- dence, who ran a very game race throughout. The Galloway Stakes having been won by Little Dick, the race of the day-the Steeplechase, came on for decision, and on the horses were being saddled considerable excitement was manifested. True Blue having received a slight injury was scratched. Athol, Quicksilver, and Eversley were all in good condition, especially the former, whose looks found great favour. Athol and Eversley were equal favourites. Mr. Goyder declared to win with Quicksilver, and Rowe was entrusted with the mount. The race was a good one throughout, and the riding of Rowe was very much admired, the manner in which he saved himself when his horse stumbled after clearing the second leap, eliciting much applause, and deservedly so, for Rowe carried no less thau>421b. dead weight. At the first fence past the Newmarket stables the first time round, Turpin ran. Inside the course, and on attempting to take the next obstacle he came down, and was out of the race. Later in the day the stewards met to consider the action of Under- men in cutting off the course, and showed their strong disapproval of his conduct by fining him £5. Another feature in the race was the mishap to Athol, who, when running neck and neck with Quicksilver at the fence past the stables for the last' he round, came down, and losing his rider, bolted c, she course. This accident was much regretted, as it had lied what, no doubt, would have been a fine race for ( ; honours. The finish was left to Mr. Goyder's he and the winner was loudly cheered on being proq<, * 1 " all right." The next item on the progress EL as the Tamar Handicap, which had a large the of entries, no less than twenty-five names coloured on the card. Of this number itindltOBir sported silk, and the distance being the-- net , one of Southern Cross, Î5?.m!ï8 was ,nn<lj5nu>li<M t favourite. At the start Billy Bell made turfs' acker, forcing the running in the interests easier one a prominent horses in the face were Bella,! ross, and Impudence, all of which run worn I was a very exciting one at the distances the last named horses sends up the S and great excitement. JMUa nothing Wm Cross second, and JngHiitaBsthY Jim *ti¡xtí¡Sm by young W. Motton, whilst Hales rode Impudence very artistically. We must say we have seen Mr. Brown's mare better piloted, and believe she ought on this occasion to have stretched the neck of the winner. After weighing in three hearty cheers were accorded Bella, and the squire of Enfield is to be congratulated on the result. The winner is by Cotherstone from a Little John mare, and during her career on the turf has been a tolerably good performer. The Criterion Hurdle Race brought the day's proceedings to a close, and was a very hollow affair-, Acteon leading from start to finish. The following is a detailed account of the running : FLYING HANDICAP. Of 30 sovs., with a sweep of 3 Sovs. acceptance added. Distance, 6 furlongs. Mr. Jno. Field's br c British Workman, 2 yrs, 6st. (J. Smith) 1 Mr. A. O'Connor's br c Confidence, 3 yrs, 7st. 2lbs. (R. Stacey) 2 Mr. John Stanfield's b g The Fakir, 4 yrs, 7st. (carried 3lbs. over) . (Hamer) 3 Mr. F. Long's blk c Rapidity, 2 yrs, 6st. 10lb. (carried 4lbs. over). (T. Hales) 0 Betting : 3 to 1 on Rapidity. Devilskin, Panics Liberty, Pearl, Morning Star, and Ellangowan were scratched. Some delay occurred at the post for this event, in consequence of the fractiousness of Rapidity, and after one false start the competitors were dispatched on their journey in straggling order. When the flag was lowered, Rapidity jumped inside the starting post, and having to be pulled round, lost all chance of the event. British Workman and Confidence got away well to of other, and at the time only a length separated them, 'akir dropping to the rear at every stride. At the Newmarket Stables British Workman and Confidence were running neck and neck, but at the turn for home British Workman led by three lengths. On entering the straight the race was virtually over, for Field's horse was being ridden with hands down, and won easily by four lengths, Confidence second, Fakir a bad third, and Rapidity a long way in the rear. No official time was taken. GALLOWAY STAKES. Of 20 sovs. For galloways not exceeding 14 hands in height. Weights 14hds. 2in., 9st. 14yds. lin., 8st. 7lb.; 14yds., 8st 13yds. 3in., 7st. 7lb.; 13yds. 2in., 7st.; 13yds. lin., 9st. 7lb.; 13yds., Ost. Distance, once round the course. Messrs. H. R. & J. W. Falkiner Little Dick, aged 8st. 7lb. (G. Stebbings) 1 Mr. Stanfield's Conrad, aged, 9st. ... (A. Vince) 2 Mr. Wm. Hartnoll, jun's. Controversy, aged, 8st. 7lbs. (W. Motton) 3 Betting : 5 to 4 on Little Dick. Hero and Westwood were scratched. A middling start only was effected for this race. Controversy jumping off with the lead, with Conrad and Little Dick in the order named. At the first turn Conrad and Controversy were together, no advantage being obtained by either along the back of the course. Little Dick here put on steam, and ran up to the leaders, but the turn approaching the Newmarket Stables was rounded by Conrad with a lead of half a length. Passing the stables some change had taken place, for Little Dick had run through his horses and led by a length. At the turn for the straight a good race ensued between Little Dick and Conrad, and the winning post was passed by the former a long neck in advance of Conrad, Controversy a bad third. Time, 2min. 21sec. LAUNCESTON STEEPLECHASE. Of 120 sovs., with 5 sovs. acceptance added ; second horse to receive £20 from the stakes. Distance about three miles, over such leaps as the stewards may determine upon. Mr. F. C. Goyder's brig Quicksilver, 5 yrs, 10st.l21b. (RRowe) 1 Mr. F. C. Goyder's Eversley, aged, 10st. 121. (G. Cripps) 2 Mr. C. Goldspink b g Athol, aged, 10st. 7lb. (T. Pullar 0 Mr. Jno. Field's Turpin (late Mountain Deer),aged (W. Enderson) 0 Betting : 2 to 1 Athol and Eversley, 5 to 2 Quicksilver 3 to 1 Turpin. True Blue was scratched. A very good start was effected for this, the event of the day. Turpin was at once taken to the front, and led over the first fence, followed by Quicksilver, Eversley, and Athol, in the order given. At the second obstacle the same positions were maintained, but immediately after landing Quicksilver stumbled, and nearly got rid of his rider, but Rowe, by a splendid piece of jockeyship, saved himself, and lost no ground. At the third fence Turpin was still leading, but running along the back of the course Eversley passed Quicksilver and followed Turpin over the fourth leap, Quicksilver close up, Athol still lost. At the fifth obstacle Athol went up and took second place, the fence being got over by Eversley and Quicksilver together. At the fence in front of the stables Athol was to the fore (having run through his horses), the others well up. At the last jump the first time round Quicksilver was leading, Eversley being now second, and Athol third, Turpin several lengths behind, but coming inside the fence got up with the other horses. Here, however, Endorson got a cropper, and Turpin took no further part in the contest. The remainder of the field at this time had entered on their journey round the course for the second time. Opposite the stand Athol again led, closely pressed by Quicksilver and Eversley, and the same positions were maintained over the next leap. At the fence at the turn Athol and Quicksilver were side by side, Eversley dropping back, being now ten lengths away. Along the back of the course no alteration took place, all the horses fencing beautifully. At the stables Athol fell, and got rid of his rider, and bolted off the course. Coming into the straight, Quicksilver was being hard hold, and at the end won easily, with Eversley second. The other competitors did not pass the post. The winner was loudly cheered on being pronounced all right. Time, 5 min. 30 sec, TAMAR HANDICAP, Of 100 sovs. One mile and a half. Mr. Wm, Field's br m Bella, 4 yrs, 7st 2lb. (W. Motton) 1 Mr. F. Long's b in Southern Cross, 5 yrs, 8st. 5lb. (Cavenagh) 2 Mr. C. F. Fraser's blk li Impudence, 4 yrs, 7st lIb. (T. Hales) 3 Mr. S. Waldock's b g Blazes, aged, 7st. 2lb. (2. Surrey) 0 Mr. Jno. Field's Billy Bell, 3 yrs, 6st. (F. Smith 0 Messrs. H. R. and J. W. Falkiner's b g Liberty, aged, 6st. 4lb. (G. Stebbings) 0 Mr. R. Chandler's b li Heir of Linne, aged, 5st. 7lb. (H. Motton) 0 Betting, 7 to 4 Southern Cross, 5 to 2 Impudence, 3 to 1 Bells, 6 to 1 any other. Aldinga, Jupiter, Cronstadt, nappyJack, British King, Panic, Bishops- bourne, Painter, Adelaide, Spark, Confidence, Pearl, Black Boy, Governor's Lady, Sepoy, Cassy, Joseph, and Ellangowan were scratched. After some delay at the post, the competitors were sent on their journey in straggling order. At the New Market stables, Billy Bell went to the front at a great pace, forcing the running in the interests of his stable companion Bella. On passing the stand Billy Bell still led, with Impudence second, Southern Cross slightly in advance of Bella, Blazes a long way in the rear. At the turn near the site of the old stand, Impudence, Southern Cross, and Bella were all together, with Blazes still last. Along the back of the course Southern Cross hold a slight lead, with Bella second, Impudence and Billy Bell next in order. Coming round the bend before reaching the stables the three leading horses were in the same order, with Blazes improving his position ; Heir of Linde now being last. Passing the stables Bella and Southern Cross were side by side, with Impudence close up. Rounding the turn, Bella, Southern Cross, and Impudence were running under the whip, but on entering the straight, it was observed that Bells held a slight lead, which she maintained to the finish, winning by barely a length, Southern Cross second, Impudence being three lengths away, the others beaten off. The placed horses were all loudly cheered on leaving the weighing yard. Time, 3 minutes. CRITERION HURDLE RACE. Of 30 sovs. Handicap. One sov. acceptance at scale to go to second horse. Distance, about 15 miles. Mr. 0 J. L. Smith's g g Actrcon, 6 yrs, 8st. 10lb. (R. Rowe) 1 Mr. W. Atkinson's b g Victor, aged, 9st. (T. Corrigan) 2 Mr. H. Viney's b g Tichbourne, 5 yrs, 8st. 10lb. (R. Orr) 3 Betting : 6 to 4 Victor, 15 to 16 Action. Cronstadt, Eversley, Planet, J.F., Loup Garou, and Governor were scratched. There was a good start for this event, Action at once going to the front, followed by Victor, Tichborne bringing up the rear. These positions were maintained throughout the race, victor now and then drawing up to the leader, but was never able to gain the lead. Action fenced well during the whole of the journey, but Victor and Tichbourne rapped the hurdles very hard on several occasions, and narrowly escaped coming down. The race was won by Action with ease by half a length, Victor second, Tichbourne a long distance behind. Time, 3min. 28sec, Thus ended the day's programme, Third Day Friday, 9th February. The summer meeting was brought to a conclusion yesterday, and as regards the attendance was not so successful as on the previous days. His Excellency the Governor was not present, as he had to leave for Hobart Town by the special train at 3 o'clock, which by the way was delayed at the station for an hour and a half, causing much dissatisfaction amongst the passengers. At the time of starting the races the weather was very hazy, and when the horses appeared on the course for the Ladies Cup a slight shower of rain fell. The racehorses Southern Cross, Jupiter, Rapidity, and Panic left by train last night, and will arrive this morning ; a number of others will reach town by to- nights train. Yesterday's races commenced with the Selling Stakes, three out of the five entered facing the starter, the absentees being Tichbourne and Happy Jack. The race was won by Butcher Boy, neither of his opponents having the ghost of a chance with him. Very little interest was taken in the result, the Ladies' Cup absorbing all attention. For this latter, no less than seven gentlemen riders weighed out, and the race - was a very pretty one throughout. At the start Mr. Grimwood on Cronstadt cut out the running, but was soon passed by Eversley, who led for a great part of the journey, and when the front position was wrested from him by Pearl, some excitement ensued. In the straight the race was over, and the Tasmanian filly won a good race with a little in hand. The following is a full description of the running for the first two events, the remainder being received by telegraph : SELLING STAKES. Of 25 sovs. Weights same as Maiden Plate. If entered to be sold for £50, to carry weight for age ; but if entered to be sold for 40, allowed 7lb. for £30, allowed 10lb. for £20, allowed 14lb. Distance, one mile and a half. The winner' to be sold by auction immediately after the race, and any surplus over the valued entry to go the funds. The amount to be sold for need not be declared until half an hour previous to weighing. Mr. W. Lang's b g Butcher Boy (late Little Stag). 3 yrs (£20) . (Prosser) 1 Messrs. H. R. and J. W. Falkiner's b a Liberty, aged £20) . (G. Stebbings 2 Mr. W. Mutton's g g Peeping Tom, aged (£30) , , (Motton, sen.) 0 Betting : 0 to 4 on Liberty. Tichbourne and Happy Jack were scratched. A splendid start was effected for this race, but after '«.hortdWáBeetoabrwtmvwwaBBlelm I took up the running, followed by Peeping Tom, Liberty bringing up the rear. Passing the stand Peeping Tom led by a head, closely followed by Butcher Boy and Liberty. At the turn near the site of the old stand, Butcher had assumed the lead, and at the back of the course Liberty went up and raced neck to neck with the leader until reaching the turn near the stables, where Butcher Boy again drew away, and passed the stables with a lead of a length, Peeping Tom being hopelessly in the rear. Butcher Boy led up the straight with a strong lead, and won hands down by ten lengths, Liberty second, Peeping Tom walking in Time, 2min. Msccs. According to the conditions of the race, the winner was put up for sale immediately after the race, and was purchased by Mr. A. O'Connor, of Connorville, for £30. ladies' cup. A silver cup, valued at 50 Sovs. Welter handicap, with 5 sovs. acceptance added; second horse to receive £10 from the stakes. The rider of the winner to be presented with a gold-mounted whip. To be ridden by members of Tasmanian Turf Club only. Distance, 1 2 miles. Mr. Wm. Field's br of Pearl, 3 yrs, 9st. 5lb. (Mr. Motton, sen.) 1 Mr. F. C. Goyder's c g Eversley, aged, 11st. 2lb. (Mr. W. Gatenby) 2 Mr. A. O'Connor's b g Temperance, aged, 10st. 3lb. (Mr. O'Connor) 3 Mr. E. Gough's b g Cronstadt, aged, 11st. 10lb. (Mr. S. Grimwood) 0 Mr. C. J. L. Smith's blk g Self Reliance. 6 yrs, 10st. 3lb. 2 (Mr. S. Waldock) 0 Mr. Jno. Stanfield's b h Sepoy, aged, 10st. 3lb. Mr. J. Stanfield) 0 Mr. Wm. Bennett's Governor's Lady, 6 yrs, 9st. (Mr. C. Goldspink) 0 Bishopsbourne and Fingal were scratched. The competitors were despatched on their journey for this event in capital order. Cronstadt at once took up the running, but at the turn near the distance post Eversley was in front, the majority of the other competitors well up, but Sepoy dropping back at every stride. Passing the stand Eversley still lead, Cronstadt second, followed closely by Governor's Lady, the others tailing off. Near the site of the old stand Pearl, who was being kept in the rear, began to run through her horses, and at the back of the course held second position, Eversley still leading. At the turn before coming to the stables, Pearl got on terms with the Victorian chestnut, and a fine neck and neck race ensued between them, Cronstadt being well up. At this time the field presented a very straggling appearance, Sepoy still being the lost. Passing the Newmarket stables Pearl held a lead of two lengths, and Temperance here left the ruck and took a forward position. Pearl swept into the straight with a lead of two lengths, amid some excitement, and won a fine race by a length and a half, Eversley, who had run well throughout, being second, Temperance third, Self-reliance fourth, the others nowhere, Sepoy being outpaced from the commencement. i [BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH.] FROM OUR OWN REPORTER. TASMANIAN TURF CLUB HANDICAP. Of 150 sovs., with a sweep of 5 sovs. each, acceptance added. Second horse £25 from the stake, third ditto save stake. Distance, one mile and a half. The winner of any handicap race of the value of £100 after the declaration of the weights to carry 5lbs. extra;- two or more such races, 8lb. extra; the winner of the Launceston Cup to carry 5lb. additional ; if the winner of the Launceston Cup only to carry a penalty of 7lb. Mr. J. G. Duffett by li Jupiter, 4 yrs., 6st. 12 lb. 1 Mr. C. B. Fisher's br h The Pointer, 4 yrs., 7st. 12lb. 2 Mr. H. Phillips' br of Adelaide, 3 yrs., 6st 8lb. 3 Seven started. After several attempts, the lot were sent away to a fair start. Confidence at once went to the front, and made the mining a very fast pace. Coming into the straight, Bella was seen to have second place, The Painter close up, and the rest in a cluster. After passing the stand, Adelaide deprived Confidence of the lead, Bella leading the rest. At the back of the course, going towards the stables. Jupiter went up to the front, and had a good lead passing the stables, with Bella next, and Adelaide and The Painter racing together, confidence being entirely out of the lace. Rounding the distance post, Jupiter was still leading, The Painter and Adelaide well up, and Bella about four lengths off. Jupiter was still leading coming into the straight, Adelaide and The Painter racing together under the whip. Jupiter was the first to catch the Judge's eye by about a. length, The Painter beating Adelaide for second place by a neck, Bella fourth. Strop fifth, Spark sixth, and Confidence nowhere. Time : 2mins,, HANDICAP HURDLE. Of CO sovs., with 4 sovs. acceptance added. Twice round the course and a distance ; over such hurdles as the stewards may decide on. Mr. F. C. Goyder's br g Quicksilver, 6 yrs.. 2 Mr. S. Waldock's br g Blazes, aged. 2 Mr. S. Goldspink'sbrgAthol, aged. ' 3 Five started. Quicksilver won by a length. No time was taken. CONSOLATION STAKES. Of 30 sovs. A handicap for all losing horses that have me during the meeting. Once round the course and a distance. Mr. H, Phillip's Adelaide won this race easily. Mr. W. Atkinson's Happy Jack, Mr. C. J. L. Smith's Black Boy, and Mr. John Stanlield's Conrad were the other starters. 