LOCAL AND GENERAL. ACKNOWLEDGMENT -We have received the June number of The Temperance Advocate, which is fully up to the standard of previous issues, and contains more than usual of local interest. HIGH SCHOOL. We understand there is to be a meeting to-day of the governors of the institution known as the Bishop's School, to consider an application from the governors of the High School for the use of the premises COIN IN CIRCULATION. Accord to the " Blue Book" just published, the amount of coin in circulation in the colony may be estimated at £75,000. The average weekly amount of bank notes in circulation for the past year was £18,000. A MISTAKE. It appears we erred in stating that the address from the clergy of the diocese to Bishop Parry was to be presented to His Lordship on Friday last, at Government House. The presentation will take place this afternoon, in the Cathedral Sunday-school room. SOIREE The soiree to be given in honor of Bishop Parry in the Town Hall this evening gives every promise of being one of the most successful affairs of the kind ever held in Perth. In addition to the ordinary attractions of such gatherings, we hear there will be some excellent selections of music rendered in the course of the evening. AGRICULTURAL -The acreage of cultivated land in the colony bears an infinitesimally small proportion to the acreage of uncultivated soil, as will be seen from the following figures, compiled from official returns in the Colonial Secretary's office : Estimated acreage of land under cultivation in the colony, 45,933 acres ; estimated acreage of secular v ated land>-626,065,390. WHEAT EXPORT. According to the South Australian Register the quantity and declared value of wheat and flour exported from Adelaide to this colony, from the commencement of the present year to the week ending May 12, was 1,652 tons of flour, valued at £22,675 and 3,738 bushels of wheat, valued at £1,990. This means an average expenditure of £1000 a week of Western Australian money in Adelaide, on wheat and flour alone. HORSE DISEASE A rather peculiar horse disease is at present very prevalent in various districts of the colony. A great number of horses have been attacked thereby, and several valuable animals, in the absence of proper restoratives, have succumbed to the malady. There is a general belief that the disease is infectious, but a veterinary surgeon informs us that such is not the case. A disease of a similar character is very prevalent just now in some of the neighbouring colonies. THE GHOST OF A BOAT A boat that must of have belonged to the ship commanded by the " Flying Dutchman is said to have made its appearance on the Manning River, in New South Wales. A local contemporary relates the following :-" We are informed by several persons that many residents of the Lower Manning are said to have witnessed the extraordinary appearance of a beat minus any occupant, in the neighbourhood of Ghinni Ghinni. On being approached it either dis- appears beneath the water or approaches the shore and vanishes. It is on starry or moon- light nights that it is observed. The affair is creating much talk, and is quite a mystery." A HOUSE DOWN A WELL A singular accident occurred at York a few days ago. A man was leading a harnessed horse in the town, when the animal became restive and began to plunge about. Unfortunately for him, there was an unprotected well in the immediate neighbourhood of the spot chosen for this exhibition of playfulness, and bang down the well he went. Here he began to kick about in earnest, and with such effect that the foundation of the well was disturbed and a large quantity of earth fell in and buried the poor animal alive, just as the man who was in charge of him was in the act of descending the well in order to fasten a rope round his body to lift him to the surface. STOCK IN THE COLONY. We gather from j the Blue Book for 1876 that the number of horses in the colony is estimated at 33,502, of which there are 7346 in the Toodyay dis- trict the largest number in any district in in the colony. The smallest number (1572) is in the Murray district. Of horned cattle there are 54,058 in the colony, of which number there are 10,000 in the district of Wellington. Toodyay can boast of the largest number of sheep in any district in the colony, the next on the list being York. There are 155,125 sheep in the first named district, and 125,920 in the latter. Next comes the North district, with 131,510, and Champion Bay with 125,900. There are more goats in the Toodyay district, than in any other district in the colony, and also more pigs. HAVE THE POLICE A RIGHT TO HANDCUFF PEACEABLE PRISONERS The Pall Mall Gazette reports that a tiipe-selicmamedEvans sued two police officers for £53 damages for unnecessary violence, to which he alleged he had been subjected at their hands. He was, it seems, sent to prison because he declined to pay a fine imposed upon him by the county magistrates for selling tripe on a Sunday. The defendants, who took him to gaol, put handcuffs on him and marched him through the streets. One of the defendants in cross examination admitted that as a rule they handcuffed all prisoners, except aged and inarm, ones, when taking them to gaol, without respect to their peaceableness. The Judge observed that there could not be a greater mistake than to suppose that the police had a right to handcuff a peaceable citizen, in whatever position he might be, when they pleased, unless they had reasonable cause to apprehend that he was either about to commit an assault or try to escape. The jury found a verdict for the plaintiff, with £20 damages. The police are apt to imagine that a prisoner in custody loses ; 14 his rights as a citizen. In this case their instinct might surely have told them that the offence of selling tripe on a Sunday was not one which rendered it necessary or desirable to treat the offender as though he were a desperate ruffian, capable of any atrocity. THE LADIES OF SIR ARTHUR KENNEDY'S SUITE ON BOARD THE BRISBANE.-" The Queenslander gives fuller particulars of what passed on board the steamer Kate, when Sir Arthur Kennedy refused to allow the ladies of his party to undergo the usual examination before the vessel was admitted to pratique. The inspection would have included an examination of the chest, for any possible eruptions of the skin. Dr. Challinor, the Brisbane health-officer, acted under written instructions which he regarded as strict, and when Sir Arthur positively refused to allow an examination of the ladies to be made, Dr. Challinor would not recommend the release of the vessel. Afterwards, the medical commissioners who had consulted with Dr. Challinor about the case of the Brisbane when she first arrived in port, visited the Kate, and when Sir Arthur Kennedy had repeated his objection, Dr. O'Doherty said it would be unwise in the present case to create a bad precedent ; but he thought the rule might, with perfect safety, be a little relaxed in this instance, as the ladies in question were blooming with health and if they would expose their wrists he thought that would be sufficient. The colleagues of this gentleman agreed with him, and pratique was eventually granted. Notwithstanding the blooming health of the ladies, upon which we congratu- late them, we still think it was the duty of Sir Arthur Kennedy to be eager to obey the law, rather than to act so that a farcical re- laxation of it was necessary. Women of lower social rank than Governors' wives or daughters have quite as much delicacy of feeling. But if in the next infected ship that comes into Moreton Bay, a woman of the people should object to the usual examination, with what justice can the Queensland authorities insist upon it V A DOG'S INTELLIGENCE AS TO THE DAY OF THE WEEK Some three and twenty years ago (writes a correspondent to the London Spectator) in the infancy of the Canterbury Province, New Zealand, there lived in the same neighbourhood as myself two young men, in the rough but independent mode of life then prevalent in the colony, somewhat oblivious of old institutions. These men possessed a dog each, affectionate companions of their solitude. It was the custom of this primitive establishment to utilise the Sabbath by a ramble, in quest of wild ducks and wild pigs, about the swamps and creeks of the district. It was observed that long before any preparations were made for starting, the dogs always seemed to be more or less excited. This was remarkable enough, but not so much as what followed. One of these men after a while left his friend, and, taking his dog with him, went to live with a clergyman about four miles off. Here ducks and pigs had to be given upon Sundays for the church service. It was soon noticed that this dog \ v used to vanish betimes on Sundays, and did not turn up again until late. Upon inquiring it was found that the dog had visited its old abode, where on that day of the week sport was not forbidden. The owner tried the plan of chaining the animal on Saturday evenings, but it soon became very cunning, and would get away whenever it had the chance. On one occasion it was temporarily fastened to a fence rail about midday on a Saturday. By repeated jerks it loosened the rail from the mortice-holes and dragged it away. Upon search being made, this reso i lute, but unfortunate, dog was found drowned still fast to the chain and rail, in a stream about two miles away in the direction of its old haunts. The gentleman who owned the other dog is in England now, and went over the details of the facts herein stated with me quite recently. 