EAST BOURKE ELECTION. Mr. G. D. McCormick, one of the candi- dates for the representation of the electorate of East Bourke in the new Parliament, ad- dressed a meeting of the electors at the Foresters-hall, Preston, last night. There were about 80 persons present. Mr. McCORMICK said that the time would now soon arrive when the noble army of political martyrs at present composing the Legislative Assembly would have to part company, and some of them would, he hoped, be compelled to retire into the political obscurity from which they should never have emerged. If ever the people of the colony had cause to feel disgusted, it was with the conduct of their representatives in the last Parliament. From the first session to the last it was one unceasing struggle for place and pay, and the interests of the electors were made subservient to the per- sonal interest, ambition, and greed of office of the members. (Hear, hear ) Under ordi- nary circumstances it would perhaps have been better to wait until the Government had dis- solved the House and issued their pro- gramme, but under the new Electoral Act they would have the power of dissolving the House and holding all the elections within a period of nine days which would give him no time to canvass the electorate. What, he would ask, had the last Parliament done for the country? Literally nothing. It had taken 108 members in the Assembly and Council to pass a few unimportant measures, and transact about as much business as a shire council would transact during three months. The cost of the services of these gentlemen could not be well calculated but there was no disputing the fact that they had drawn from the public Treasury the sum of £143,100. They had received this for mak- ing ducks and drakes with the interests of the country, playing battledore and shuttlecock with the constitution, and bringing repre- sentative institutions into disgrace at home and contempt abroad. (Hear, hear.) The Parlia- ment was elected for the purpose of reforming the constitution but no attempt had ever been made to effect that object. After giving a resumé of the leading features of the late political history of the colony Mr. M'Cormick went on to say that he considered the refusal of the Acting Governor to grant a dis- solution of Parliament to the Kerferd Go- vernment as one of the most unfortunate circumstances that had occurred since responsible government had been established in Victoria. If it had been granted, it would have proved a solution of all our political troubles. He condemned the action of Sir James McCulloch in using his exertions to displace the Kerferd Ministry, considering that he did not bring forward any new policy. The conduct of Messrs. Kerferd, Gillies, Ramsay, and Anderson, in joining the new Government simply proved that they were willing to join any Ministry and adopt any policy so long as they could stick to office and pay. In fact, Sir James McCulloch had never any policy at all except to stick in office and do nothing. As a reason and excuse for his (Mr. McCormick's) candi- dature at present, he pointed out that he had a large stake in the district, that he had always been closely connected with the municipal government of the district and he thought he had gained the good opinion of the majority of the electors. The forth- coming election was the most important that had ever occurred in the history of the colony, and the electors should not be led away by side issues. The education ques- tion he considered was perfectly settled, and the existing system could not be interfered with. The first question at issue was whether they would have a return to constitutional government, which had been defunct for the last three years; also whether they would have a land tax, and whether the wealthy classes would pay their fair share of the burden of taxation. Next came the question of protection, with- out which an election speech would be like the play of "Hamlet" without the Ghost. He had always advocated a free trade policy. He had done so three years before, although he knew it was then unpopular. His opinion had not changed since, but the circumstances had altered greatly. The time had gone by for discussing whether they should adopt a protectionist or free trade policy. They had adopted the former, and if a mistake had been made they must now be con- tent to pay for it. They had induced large numbers of people to invest con- siderable sums in establishing manufac- tures, and it would certainly be wrong to drag away the props from under them sud- denly. At the same time he thought a large number of duties which were not protective should be swept away at once, and that the really protective duties of 20 per cent should be gradually reduced. This could not be ob- jected to by the protectionists, because they never thought that these duties would last for ever. (Hear, hear.) Of course the abolition of those duties would cause a great reduction in the Customs revenue, but this could be more than made up by the imposition of a fair land tax. He thought, however that the free trade agitators had lately done more harm than good, because there was no doubt that the opinion of the country was changing on the question, and that in a few years there would be a great many more free traders in the country than protection- ists. It also left the party open at the present juncture to the imputation that they were adverse to a land tax, and wished to divert public opinion from that question, a charge which he did not believe for a moment to contain any truth. As re- garded the fairness of a land tax, he would point out that the greater portion of the public debt had been incurred for the purpose of improving the land of the country which had never contributed a single shilling to wards the public burdens. He thought the country was strongly in favour of a land-tax, and would not wait much longer for it. He considered that as they had two objects to serve - viz, to raise a revenue and to prevent the accu- mulation of large estates - it was necessary that a land tax should be progressive. A tax upon acreage would be most unfair. It was requisite that the land should be classified before a tax was imposed. Mr. Service, he believed, admitted he had made a mistake in adopting an acreage tax, but at the same time Mr Berry's scheme contained almost as great errors. The system he would adopt was to class all land under the value of £2 10s per acre in the first class, under £7 per acre in the second class, from £7 to £12 per acre in tbe third class, and from that price up to £20 per acre in the fourth. All above that amount might be put in a fifth class. For each class there ought to be a different rate of taxation. Under such a system there could be no imputation of unfairness. Whilst advocating a land tax, he did not wish it to be supposed that he was in favour of a bursting-up policy. On the contrary, he be- lieved it was a question that could be fairly and equitably settled without injustice to any class in the commnnity. The question of constitutional reform had long pressed for a settlement, and he did not think any Ministry should be allowed to avoid it any longer. He was in favour of reducing the tenure of office of members of the Legisla- tive Council, also the reduction of the present property qualification. The electo- rates also ought to be made much smaller, because at present one half the electors did not know who represented them in the Council. The ratepayers' rolls, as used in municipal and Parliamentary elections should be used as the basis of Council electors. The reform of the Lower House was quite as urgently demanded. He did not believe in annual parliaments for many reasons. In the first place, it would take a salary of £2,000 to compensate a repre- sentative for contesting an election once a year. Again, very few good men would come forward under such a condition of things, and it would, moreover, take men of iron constitution to stand such a physical strain. He did not know any man who would be able to go around a large distict and canvass every year, drinking bad grog and live through it. ( 'Hear, hear,' and laughter.) The reform he would propose was that he would divide the Lower House into three batches, each of which would contain an equal proportion of city and suburban and country members. Each of these batches would retire in rotation, so that instead of a general election for the whole colony every three years as at present, they would have an election for one third of the House every year. This scheme would have many advantages, and if it had been in vogue during the last Parliament, there was no doubt the colony would have been spared a great deal of the political squabbles that had occurred. As regarded retrenchment in the public service, the Government should not be allowed to longer shelve it. It was a deli- cate subject to deal with, but there was nothing to prevent an amalgamation of some of the departments and an abolition of many useless offices. There was no necessity for coroners, for instance, as their duties could be performed by the magistrates throughout the colony. He was not opposed to the payment of members, but he thought that payment should be confined to those men who lost their time and incurred ex- pense in attending Parliament. He would not pay the members of the Upper House. He hoped the question of the federation of the colonies would not be lost sight of by the people of Victoria, although it was not pro- bable much would be done to advance it during the next three years. He thoroughly believed in the principle. One good effect of it would be that they would do away with the frequent changes of ministry, which was a great curse to the colonies. He was opposed to the present Government because they did not possess, nor did they deserve, the confidence of the country. At the conclusion of Mr. M'Cormick's speech, the usual vote of confidence was passed, and the proceedings then termi- nated. 