JlukM SHtefoatcr ob, TWENTY-FIVE YEARS OF AUSTRALIAN LIFE. BY DONALD CAMERON Author of " Scripopolia," dec., iC-c. Though shadows gather, sunshino fades, Ana Ufa nppears a vale of sorrow ; Faint is the heart that God upbraids— Tho sun will shino again to-morrow 1 Scene V. _ Percy wandered down tho creek listlessly , revelling in the mystical poetry and weirdness of tho landscape, and the romance of night scenery. One of his moments of inspiration had come upon him, and for tho time ho seemed lifted above the common things of tho world and exaltedinto a region far beyond the routine of ordinary life. Ho walked with the mighty intellects of the past ; he invested the world with feelings and ideas that belonged not to it, just as the beautiful moonlight created a new panorama. Minds like Percy's have the peculiar power of transforming every thing, of giving a new and unreal life to the most trifling objects. They live in a delicious dream- sphere of their own embodiment. Alas ! that it should fade away like the glow on the mountain, in Itho morning, when tho inspiration fadeB, when the dreamers begin to experience what real' life is. Percy belonged to a class which may be said to never outlive youth, or, rather, they change so greatly that their peculiar modes of thought vanish when the brow begins to corrugate and the face becomes bearded. Those of tho class who carry their feelings with them into mature life become poots. Yet it is a question whether they are possessed of such great depths of the true element of poesy as tho bards whose inspiration ends with their early man hood. The man who wreaks his thoughts upon expressions, and becomes known to the world as a bard, is simply gifted with the power and tho patience to put his thoughts upon paper ; tho unknown songsters think poetry, but do not write it. But they are those who understand and appreciate tho poet, and interpret him to the grosser species of mankind. Percy sought the woodland, for the nnked fields, over which the moonlight threw an even effulgence, were not to his taste. Where the cultivated fields ondod, lower down the stream, a deep forest rose on each side of the stream, composed v vnu jjuuticu, luuisaooiw, vvmboguuiDUUU the dwarf, elf-like she-oaks. But much as Percy loved that scenery, his great delight was the Oak Avenue, as it was called. Here the stream ran almost in a straight line, and 011 each side grew a row of tho swamp oak, a tall species of pine, the leaves of which sound in the breeze like the dying whisper of a siren, and to souls like Percy convey meanings that few pens can transcribe. Listening to the wailing of the pines, Percy would be at once wafted into a visionary land where all manner of shadowy beings lived, where dull mortality was un known, and where was an eternal enchant ment. To sit there on a moonlight night, watching the shadows of the! treos quivering in the stream, and listen ing to the wail of the pines, while he wove many a fairy romance, was Elysium to tho warm young soul. Oh. that his dream should have so fearfu an awaking. - Seeking a spot which was shadowej by a tall oak, Percy Bat on the brink c the stream and surrendered himself to sweet reverie. He pictured to himse the great city so far away, its brillia lights, splendid buildings, and varyii concourse of human life ; its grc rowards for tho sons of genius ! Ho si . himself famous, worshipped, belovi"® rich, happy, tho world at his feet, iu" wishes of Ins heart realised, his parer®. happy in his success, his 8 11 "Dreaming, young man, dreaminS1® said a deep voice, at his shoulder. "a' Percy's visions wore at once shatto8m® quicker than the brittle ware in Al;'' char's basket. Ho turned and saw B 111 Harry standing beside him. ilven "What, vm; here, Harry?" )e P I Percy ; " I thought you had gono away to Armidalo to have a good spree." " Ha, ha !" said tho strange man, laughing unnaturally; "that is tho mode by which I obtain dreams now. Once they came ns readily as yours do at present, but I havo to forco them since manhood dawned upon me. Ah ! Percy, Percy, how well I fathom your thoughts, how easily I can enter into your aspira tions, for have I not passed through every phase of thought which is being evolved in your breast. I pity you. Dream on, my boy, dream on ; tho day will come, as the old preacher said, when you will see no pleasure in theso things, when, having had enough of dreams, you will try to realise them, and find every thing lighter than vanity. Dust and ashes, dust and ashes, bitter apples of Sodom, that appear outwardly fair to the sight, but within are wormeaten. But it is the fate of youth to gather those apples on the shores of the Eternal Sea, to treasure them, only to find their wortlilessness in the end ; to live to discover the whole a delusion, love n fleeting slinw, poetry an unsubstantial shadow, fame a mocking ghost, life an endless disappointment, tho hereafter an unfathomable mystery — nothing, nothing left but tho dull, fiat plain of prosaic routine, tho arid plain where man lias to labour, like a beast of burden, for tho wherewithal to keep a diseased and miserable body together. Oh, it is laughable, laugliablo— - ha, ha, ha !" It was with delight, iringled with terror, that Percy listened to '.his strange being ; delight, becauso thiB vas a genuine scene in u romance, somethig entirely out of tho ordinary groove, 1 new sensation ; terror, lest this luadian might take somo strange whim nto his head, for Mad Harry had doneiany terrible and inexplicable things iiflis time. " Listen, Percy," sd Mad Harry. "I havo gone through athis ; there is not a sensation, not aifixperience in the whole range of hunt fife that I have not had ; there is no> height but I havo climbed, not a deptlut I have sounded, and I toll you it is alollow, hollow, hol low. Tho nappy mas ho who vegetates, who has no uspiratis, no wish beyond the day. You are t of that class ; you are like the bird it dashes its breast against the cage tbtain freodom, only to bo bewildered' the new world it flies out upon, toe devoured by tho kites and vulturin the impure air. Why should I ) stop this? What prevents mo letti out your soul into a world where appointment is said not to exist, fisurely if there is a heaven such as should claim admis sion, while, if f are allowed to live, hell, if there is oil such as Aunt Elsio loves to painfflust bo your doom. What prevents- ? And, to Pel® horror, the madman flourished a hi knife in his faco, the moonbeams giag fearfully upon the bright steel This was carrying tho sensation far ! the romance of the situation washed into tho region of tragedy. Y< strangoly was Percy constituted t he felt a thrill of pleasure at IS t last the hero of a real exciting311 ; his life had been so dull hithert Still, life vet even to the romantic, and PercyasPed Horry's hand and tried to hoi " Surely a would not harm me, Harry," sihe, in a tremulous voico; " the littlif you always loved. You would nofl tho son of your bene factor ?" "It is 'hat reason I would kill you," saicrry>. without the slightest change tf voice. " It is becauso I love you,ause I revere your father, that I wckill you, that you may never sass thA hitter experiences, as I lave doilt 38 better. Percyight it was time now to call for help15 cas his oyes around hope lessly, fOokod upon tho loved scene as if foi la8l time. It was so hard to die 10 sweetest time of life, to leavo i3 nhle schemes unfulfilled, to depiom the bright and glowing scene ike a leap into that Unfathom able 1 t which his strange com- pftnioi8P'cen- Besides, so strong had beon j Elsie's influence that tho poor boy h great dread of death, which to hisA through her teachings, was but passage to hell, where the tormWere unspeakable, where the wor„sed not gnawing and the fire Wll8 uonched, for he had never felt hirnt0 have been " born again," withieh, Aunt Elsie held, it was imp® lr anyone to enter heaven. jjesiccording to that worthy fomale, h0 jmdeiiined himself to the hottest 0f jnd most evil smelling of brim- 8to,' reading books specially written Ijy 'ation of the devil, and aspiring to similar works ; added, therefore, to >grot ?or Ike loss of life, was the toi dread of what was to follow. cjJerfully strong are the first teach- to youth. The Maori, who has converted to Christianity, and p, an exemplary member of the c turns to his Atua when in the p)f dissolution ; as the atheist, who jjeked God when in full strength alth, calls appealingly upon His ,whon the throes of death have jy, however, perhaps unfortunately nself, was not so near death as he ht. His beseeching cry for help d to awake in Harry's mind some is of reason. He drew his knife put it in his belt and released r. lo, no," said he, as if speaking to elf ; " the time has not come. If I re d you of the burden, death would be my own part, for the law would understand my action. I cannot I have much to do yet — I have to ; to tho grave in dishonour one man ; ve to be avenged on the race of ler — I thought I saw one of them ght. When my task is dono I will own and die without a murmur, .-night, Percy." id he hurried away, and was lost in hadows, just as Frank and Jimmy, some others, ran up. liovod of danger, Percy felt qui to ant at being the hero of an adven- so far beyond the slow course of fe heretofore. He almost felt a half t that Harry had failed to kill him. ; a sensation there would be ; his 1 would be in all the papers ; ho d be the talk of the whole country ; nds of mysterious reasons would bo i for the deed ; he might abBolutoly ut into a book by some inoro fortunate and longer-lived writer ; and what bitter sorrow tho family would feel ; oven Aunt Elsio would shed tears. How delightful all that would bo — if ho could have dispensed with tho act of dying. As it was, tho occurrence created a groat sensation. Jimmy and Frank wanted to start after Mad Harry at once, and havo him arrested, but Percy would not hear of it, and the party returned home, discussing tho strange event in all its bearings. Percy crept into his bedroom, where tho stranger was sleeping soundly, his journey having thoroughly wearied him, j tho moonlight streaming on, .his hand- ; somo faco and classical bust. As Percy looked upon him, the clean cut lips moved, muttering something unintelli gible, and a strungo smilo passed over them. Percy at once began weaving a romanco about this strange youth, and, occupied in this pleasant occupation, and thinking of tho great "party and danco" which was to bo given at Silver - water Boud tho next night, ho fell asleep. Scene VI. The Sim roso next day on Silverwater Bend to gild the calm, sylvan beauty'of tho scene, and to call to quiet and health ful labour the settlement. With the dawn tho shearers had arisen and gone to tho shed, which soon resounded with tho busy clip, clip of their shears, while I smoke arose from their hut, from tho fire over which tho cook was making their simple breakfast. Later on, the various station hands threw off drowsy sleep, and while some let out the bleating sheep to feed, others went off to fetch in tho bullocks and horses to begin the labour of tho day. The tinkle of tho bullock- bells was heard in the distance, the low of cows waiting to be milked, the plaintive bleats of tho sheep, the carol ling of the matin-birds, filled the air around the station, contriving to givo to tho lovely scene the charm of natural music, while tho dew-drops and spider- webs glistened in the sun like diamonds. It is at such a time and when witnessing such a scene that the devout mind rises to the God that created it, and, while thanking Him, feels what a happy and a beautiful world is this of ours ! As a matter of course, the last place to show signs of activity was the great house, and those last on the scene, its occu pants, who were the onvy of all, while some of them in turn envied tho people in the far-away city. Many a young shearer thought that if ho were in Frank's or Percy's place all earthly happiness would bo his, ignorant that, so far as Percy was concerned, he looked upon himself as the most unhappy of men. i>uu i/uuugu me rest 01 we iamuy were not famed for early rising, Mr. Sinclair was one of tho first out of bed on the station. Like all old settlers ho was ever up with the dawn, and to this he owed his health and activity. He was rivalled, however, by Ailee, who had the fire lit before her master came out, and had done so for the last twenty years. "While Mr. Sinclair went down to the shed she routed up red-haired Bridget, tho Irish help, and Mike Finnigan, the " gonorally useless" man, and the one, unkempt of hair and dragglo-tailed of garments, was soon cursing in good Irish at the refractory cows in the milking- yard, whilo the latter was chopping wood, in a half-asleep state, swearing roundly at the " ondacent ould Scotch woman, who waked a man afore he'd gone to sleep ; the divil go wid her !" When the sun had drank up tho dew and day had fully banished all the shadows of night, the family met at breakfast. Mrs. Sinclair and Percy were the last to get up as a matter of course. The good old lady dearly loved to lie in bed, and Percy was as fond of the sheets as he was of romance and poetry. He would go to any lengths to enjoy that sweet, dreamy hour of languor which follows tho waking in the morning. Aunt Elsie had' in vain endeavoured to mako him an early riser. When a boy she had often pulled him out of bed at daylight in the middle of winter, and laid him on the floor, but tho stubborn little fellow would lie there, unmindful of the spanks he received on an undefended and most sensitive part of his person, only turning over to escape them. As for Aunt Elsie she was up generally with her brother, but did not come out of her room for some time, as she was occupied for a quarter of an hour or so in reading her Bible and praying for the wretched and perishing world of sinners which existed around her, the only saint in tho district. Once she used to have morning prayers, but tho occupations of some of the household and the sleepiness of others left her so often solus in the drawing- room that she gave them up, comforting herself with what would be the bitter consequences to the culprits, if not in this world, hereafter. The blacks nn the hillside vapa fhn latest risers of all ; they still slumbered, sleeping off the previous night's debauch. Jimmy was up with the magpie, and had ridden a buck- jumper before breakfast. As Horace Leigh stood in the parterre that morning ana gazed upon the glori ous prospect — the mists gliding across the mountains and becoming fleecy clouds in the deep blue sky, the serene home life beneath his eyes — he thought he had come into a new and a better world, that he had found an Arcadia. Here, thought he, in his momentary enthusiasm, I can live and die, far from the storms and tumult of the evil world which I have left behind ! And yet how soon he would weary of this sweet still ness and gentle dreamland. A happy partv gathered round tho breakfast-table that morning. Frank, gay and jovial as ever ; Flora — who had dressed herself very carefully — rosy and beautiful, her heart beating with now sensations as she gazed upon the hand some stranger ; Percy, forgetting poetry in the more substantial joys of tho table ; Mr. and Mrs. Sinclair supremely happy in witnessing the content of their unbroken family circle. Aunt Elsie alone was stiff and severe — albeit the the excellent porridge and griddled cakes Ailee had prepared somewhat mollified her acetic temperament. Good Ailee herself was enjoying breakfast in the kitchen with Bridget and Mike, tho latter tackling steak and " praties," while' Ailee took her porridge. Miko had chopped all the wood required and had become thoroughly awakened, while Bridget had managed to milk tho cows, after being once or twice knocked over. She had, howover, revenged her wrongs by means of a two-year-old sapling, which she kept at hand to reduce the delinquent bovines to obedience, and the sound of tho " larrupping" had been heard pretty well over tho homestead — for Bridget never spared her hand. After breakfast everyone went their own way. Aunt Elsie adjourned to the verandah to her knitting, Mr. Sinclair and Frank went to the shearing shed and the washpool respectively, and Poroy, Horace and Flora mounted three splendid horses and rode into the bush to show Horace tho country, being chaperoned by Jimmy, who held out hopes of getting somo bees' nests. The exhilaration of tho fun as they galloped over the flower-covered plains, or in the deep forest, need not be described. They would return with a splendid appetite. As for Mrs. Sinclair and Ailee, graver duties wero in store for them. The great feast for that night's party and dance was to bo prepared, and the two adjourned to the kitchen, where they alternately worked and argued upon various dishes, now amicable, now quarrelling, but enjoying themselves to the full. Here for a moment wo pause. Some of our readers may be inclined to ask when we are to dovolop our story — when incident, plot and ndventure ivill begin. All in good timo. It is well bofore going into the groat city, whero trial and trouble await, to dally by the waysido and cull the beautiful flowers ; it is well, in a tale, to preparo a good groundwork boforo introducing the tanglod skein which leads to a tragic ending. Our work is intended as a picture of Australian life, and nothing that we havoyetwrittenbutleads on to the stream of our story. We have nearly completed tho prelude, and the curtain will soon rise upon the first act of the sad drama. The party and dance at Silverwater Bond opened tho ball in two senses. (2o be continued.) 