Scenes in Crete. (From Blackwood's Magazine ,) On the day following our arrival we shoulder our guns, and s'rike off for the Akrptiri peninsula. To say truth, sport does not so much enter into our minds as a desire to coast along this famous bayofSuda, and examine a harbour in importance and in safety second to none in the Mediteranean Sea. And it was well so, for neither fur nor feather did we see throughout the lone day. We did not except big game ; for had not Pococke already written, As to wild beasts, I could not be informed that they have any other except the goat and the hare ?' But this barren thirsty highland did not even show these fercoious animals, nor did a single bird rise within our sight. Yet were we well repaid. At first our way lay along the cliffs, overhanging the bay. Then we turned, passing at rare intervals half deserted villages, and still, walled convents, to emerge again near the extremity of the peninsula. Here and there a peasant tilling the soil looked Dp and bade us good day. But desolation and silence ruled supreme ; for Jthe dry soil scarce repays culture, and the cistern water is too scarce to be used for gardens. In many places we found limekilns, where the limestone rock is broken up and burnt, and' ?' creta' or lime is made. Evidently this peninsula was once an island, and geological proofs show how it was raised by successive upheavings. But our object is not^to geologize, but visit, the ruins of the ancient city of Minoa, and thence to observe the bay. We reach the village of Sternes, through narrow bridle-paths between thick stone walls ; and on . the hillside towards the bay we find some relics of the ancient ?jvalls, stretching from a circular tower downwards towards a most remarkable deep circular basin, ' which once was the port of the city. Of profound depth, this basin seems to have been the crater of a volcano, and is now completely closed in by a semi-circular reef of the rocks. High up on the hillside ^ we throw ourselves down to rest. A fresh air was blowing on the hilltop, but calm and unruffled at our feet lies the Bay of Suda. From its entrance to the end, where it washes a salt-marsh, it is four and a half miles in lensrth. while from shore to shore*its width is about a mile and a quarter. Immediately beloW us, five hundred yards *from the Akrotiri shore is the Island of Suda, and the clear water shows a reef running out to it, to any but craft of light draught* Two and a half centuries ago Rvcailt Wrote that this passage was fordable, but now the chart shows in places four fathoms of water. From our high position we look down into the island, and the old masonry fortifications which the shell of modern artillery would convert into splinters more destructive than the shells themseives, and the guns behind the thin parapet look like toy glittering in the sun. Strangely picturesque it is} this island which the Venetians retained for I long y°ars after the mainland had passed into Turkish hands. Uutil the other day a fishing Village stood within the ramparts, but' some four years since the Turks razed it to the ground, as inter fering with some projected fortifications, and transported to the mainland the inhabitants, whose forefathers had lived for centuries, ave. and for thousands of years, upon this little rock. But in true Turkish style, the works have never been begun. . . . Wherever we went in the Country — -whether on the hilltops among the villages, or on the plains among the olive groves, however beautiful the land through which we rode — ,a sense of silence oppressed us. Everywhere are the ruins of farms ; the villages are thinly peopled ; one hears no murmur of Voices, no slaughter or shouts of children. The few pheasants who are seen wander about listlessly like ghosts among d.eserted halls. Insensibly the silent Elysian fields present them selves before our mind. For the waves of strife and battle that have passed over this beauteous isle have swept away the flower of all its manhood, and the remn ant that is left is watched and held in check by armed men. For nearly seven centuries Crete has been ruled by force, always striving to exchange its existing Government for another. Caution I — Spurious Holloway's Pills and Ointment.' —1 tate leave most respectfully to inform the public of Australia that spurious -j imitations of my medicines,' emanating from the United States, and labelled ' Holloway's Pills ' or 'Holloway's Ointment,' London and New York, are being Bold in the Australian colonies. I have but one place of business, as ' at foot, and there only are my gentiine reme . dies manufactured ; allow me then to caution you against being victimized by unscrupulous vendors. Should any person be. 60 deceived, and will kindly inform me of the same, I will take such steps as will effectually pat a stop to this imposition. I remain, with' great respect.' vours faithfully,' -THOMAS HotfcbwfY, 683 Oxford-street, London, January l3#- ' lS74r-' Aim. ? ' \ ? One of the employments in which woman is abont to compete with man is (says' the PaU Mall GtizStti) that of service in the fife brigade. Tbe first step in this direction has bepn taken^n America, where, at one of the colleges for young ladies, a brigade of . fi^e women, or rather fire girls is, !itj is stated, in ciurse of organisation. The notion is to acus'.om 1 he fair m tnbprs of the brigade to exhibit the self possession so necessary in moments, of em rgency, such as the outbreak of' a fire, and at the same tim» to teach thfcm how to act with prompsitude on such occasions. The brigade is to be divided into groups, each groip having its own captain and fire-engine. ' The pupils are also to be taHght the management of a steam fire-engine Until they are as effici out at the pump as at the piano* Whether women will generally .take: to this occupation of extingnishiog fires is doubtful, although there is no question that they often exhibit a courage and sang froid when houses which they in habit are on fir-, which is not always displayed by tho6e who were in former days termed their ' natural protectore.*' On tbe other haad, they sometimes.' go off in hysterics, while vile and stupid man, to do him justice, is' not so fre quently subject to this distressing and inconvenient ai-fiction* Probable Elevation op M«i. Habdy to the Peerage . — London Truth says : — Mr. Hardy's translation to ther Hojise of Lords has already been decidbd bn. As Minister of War, he is unpopular with the a '-my, owin? to his determination to carry out Mr. Gardwell's programme. He was satisfied with his status itii the House of Commons as one of the lieutenants of Mr. Disraeli, but be doeshot see his ..way to playing second -fiddle! to Sir Stafford Northcote. It is by [no means improbable that tbe Duke J of Somerset will shortly succeed Mr. Ward Hunt as first Lord of the Admiralty. An Electric Candle.—- The, pirns publishes an account of att ' electric candle,' inventedby a Russian : ex-officer, M. Paul Jablohkoff, now in Paris! This gentleman uses a ' Candle' of some com pound which is his secret, hu, -into which ' kaolin,' the clay fiom which hard china ? is made, largely enters)' and with one battery can produce some fifty lights. They are so powerful that is necessary to soften the light by usin|» opaline burners, and six of them gave, in the .Marengo Hall, Paris, a light equal to -that, from one hundred- argand gas -burners, ^ It is believed tha^ the light can be uSed for theatres and all other large buildings, and further improvements are expected, but as yet notbin? is said either of its cast, or of the omount of trouble involve!. , The main fact as y-et is that M. J iblohkoff has .succeeded in divi hag the electric librht so that ' ne battery w;ou1d. light fifty electric candles- placed, say, long the Stratfd^ Ploughing 'fritfi Dvnamite. — We mentioned a few days a^o that dynamite was likely to succeed the plough- in turning tap soil in a greater depth than the latter procpss: is; capable of. The Scientific Americnn states that, at -the works for the Exposition' buildings, now going on at the Trocabero, Paris, passers by may, 4t certain hodr*, be startled by a deep rumbling -sound-. . This is caused by springing of dynamite mines, which, without any violent projection of mater * als, makes the obstacles crumble away, and break up the underground ropks tbe fragments of- which are us 'd for the buildings. Now, dynamite will perform a similar service in the fields. - The Duke of Sutherland, in . Scotlaad, and Dr., Hamm, in Austria, have employed it for clearing land and for digging' much deeper than any instrument could. A certain number: of dynamite cartridges are buried at tegalar distances in 'the soil, and connected together by electric wires. The explosi -n is simultaneous, an1, though nothing is thrown Tup, the field is effectually floughed. 'Valuable Discovert Fob 'fHE 0Ala— * Ymir hair is turning 'or 'white, or falling off. usT ' WfeMexican' Halt Renewer,1' for it will positively restore In bvePy case 6fr 'ey or White hair to its original colour^ without leaving the disagreeable smell -of mcst 'Res* torero.'* It ' makes' the hair charmingly beautiful, afl well as promotes the growth bf the hair on bald spots, -where the glabdfj are not deCayedi Ask yonr Chemist fof ' Thu Mexi can Saib Reneweb,' prepared by Sbnky C. Gallup. 493 Oxford street, London,; and Sold by Chemists and Perfumers everywhere at Is 6d per bottle — :i;At-VT.'i ; Oxygen is Li#e.— Dr; ' Bright's Phospho dyne. — Multitude s of people are hopelessly Suffering from Debility, Netvous 'and Liver Complaints, Depression oi Spirits, Hypochon dria. Timidity, Indigestion, Failure of Searing Sight, aud Memory. Lassitude, ':Wadt of Power, &C;, whose cases admit of a permanent ? 1^— 4L ? - ? ? ? J— ? ? f AsAnii. cure ujr tut: new icuicujf « iiusf uuujr ue ^vsuuiu Oxvgen), which at once allays all irritations and excitement, imparts new energy and life to the enfeebled, constitution, and rapidly cures every stage of these hitherto.iucarable and di-tre8S'ng, m^adies. Sold by all Chem ists, Druggist's, arid Storekeepers thipugbout the Globe. - ^fCaution.-^-rThe . large aud in creasing demand' for Df.- Bright's Phpsphqdynte has led to several, imitations, under similar names; purchasers of this medicine should therefore be cavefut to observe ,that each case bears the English -Government Stamp, !with the words, Dr. MrighVs-Phosphodyne, engrav jd thereon (white letters on- red .ground)' and that the same words.: are al*o blown in the bottles. Every case bears the Trade Mark and signature of the Patentee. — 'A DVT. | advice to Mothers 1 — Are: you broken in your rest by a sick child, suffering with the pain of catting teeth? Go at once !to a chemist and get.- a bottle of Mrs. WrNSlJow's Hoothing Sybup. It will relieve the; poor sufferer immediately. It is perfectly harm less and pleasant to ? taste, it . produces natural quiet sleep, by relieving, the child frpm -pain, and the little cherub awkkens ' as bright a3 a button. ' It sostheB the' child, it ^ofterffl the gums, allays all pain, relieves, wind, regilates the bowels, and is the best ktfown remedy for dysentery and diarrhoea, whether arising^ from teething or other caases. Mrs. Wiuslow's Soothing Syrup. is sold by Medicine dealers everywhere at1 is l|d per bottle. Manufac tured at 493 Oxford-street. London. Flohiline 1— Fob thb'ibbth and Bbbath — A few drops of the liquid ' Floriliuo' 8priukledou a wet tooth-hru sh produoe a plea sant lather, which thoroughly cleanses the teeth' from all parasites. or imporit'es, .hardens the gums, prevents tartar, sidps decay, .gives to the taeth -a peouliar pearly- wh i te'neSB, and a delightful fragrance to the breath,' JIt r&moves; all unpleasant odour arising froni decayed ? teeth, - or tobacco smoke. *' The - Fragrant Fioriline,'-' beitig composed in part of honey and sweet herbs, is'delicioasto the taste, and the greatest toilet discovery of tfie 'agel /. Prfjje 2s 1 6d:, of all Chemists and Perfumers.; Prepared tiy Hemy O. Gsdlup. l#3 ^0xtQrd-8treet, Jjan donj-rrfADVT.1 ' ^ . ? .r '? » T'-: ?--- ' ? ???!'{ ?; ri ? \- .i.o.'ji. : c ? 