The Liberal party will, we are sure, be glad to learn hat Mr BERRY's efforts to form a Ministry are progressing so favorably that when the list is published it will be found that a good ana eernceabte team bas been got together. The trifling delay observable in the completion of Mr Berry's task has arisen from . no formidable ' difficulty in- bis 1 path, but Bolsly from a desire to aecore the services of those members Who will assist him in bringing .before Parliament a policy , which -will be acoeptable to the/ commanity and creditable bo .bis 'Adminis- bration. In adopting this course Mr Berry has acted with good judgment, and with a commendable desire to beep faith with the electors, who have shown by their verdict of last Friday that they have full confidence Stditiee to govern the country, and tbe fJieaaieBt sympathy with JiisV -political jxw|cfigb. The flnw has ligi fate SbGc good, not the ijnerefitr « jredntie; most be toe BMropcondawim» 'of the Legislature; wnabpiSre mndwno sacrifice of prin ciple to obtain and hold for a length of time toe dignity and emoluments of office, wndwhon long desired/ most be jielded ; and lb'. Bebby has therefore done quite right' in1 detonniiiingwpmtvwd.-wilu.iitMogLfolthblri the Governor?. Jmtir (he bias Penned an Adnrintrtrariom - which will give "effect to" these views, - or, -comply jvito fthese re quisite and all-itripbrtant cdbditiOBS.' The responmbility/tff rfhe sitaarioir u not ap- apparently lessened in Mr Berry's mind by the circumstanoe that he can claim to have in the new House toe strongest following with which any representative,' occupying the position which he does, has yet obtained from the electors. . The fact of fifty-one staunch supporters being retained, and eight moderate supporters, three of whom can be safely reiied upon in all emergencies, has only made Mr Berry the more determined to discharge the duty en trusted to him faithfully and fearlessly, and in a mahnerfbat shall be "a fitrinig return to the confidence hia ' policy has inspired, or a substantial reply to the large-hearted Bympathyhehasreoeivedfromtoepene.The delay in publishing the names of .the new team has mainly arisen, we repeat,-from those pon- siderarions, and they tarewich as 'tedonnd "to" Mr Berry 's credit, and just those reasons wbich are sore to meet with toe cordial -approval of nine-tenths ;df toe", community. When the result of.thBjBlefUions was made; known, there was a sort of half- expressed desire that Mr Service should be in the new team ; and Mr BERRY, it sterns, con sidered it his duty to communicate with that gentleman, owing to the'getmral'Bnp' port which he had given to toe Gppoeirion during the reign of Sir JAMES McCULLOCH. But toe condition-precedent of an alliance between Mr Berry and Mr Service was, we hear, laid down by the former, that the expressed wSl of the peopfelastPriday should be respected— namely, that two or.tbreejiew protective duties should be imposed, and a large . number cd other : duties re mitted ; that the BERRY land-tax should be passed into law ; ;and toat ebch other matters should be adjusted which.it is not necessary here to describeiBntjM we nn- derstand the eabject, Mr SERVlCE did not see his way to rigidly comply with these conditions, and toaeforenegta tions came to ah end between 'Mr. BERRY and Mr Service, the latter promising to give the new Government a general support -a pledge which ithere is no reason -to doubt he will fsathfollykety as. soon as PaHiament meets for" toe despatch of busineas: These negotiations will to - a large extent account for the little delay, observable in the forma tion of a new Ministry"; but there is another cause that has operated "to- toe eamfe end. The constitutional difficulty raised by toe Argus has more in it than appeared at first sight ; and it will be seen by what appears elsewhere that the House will have to be called together next week for toe new members to be sworn in and a Speaker elected, In order that the time, within which petitions can be lodged against the return of some of toe new members, may be exhausted before the new Ministry go before their consti- tuentsand begin toe business of the session. xnese negotiations anu ouncuutes nave naa much to do with toe delay that has occurred with Mr Bebby in completing his task, and they are such as were inseparable from toe mission he has received, or from toe exigencies -of his position. The electors,: however, may rest assured that everything is being done that can . be to form, a, strong and .stable . Government ; -and a few days more will completely satisfy them dd this head, and, at the same time, show tost the Berry Ministry mean to do all they possibly can to give effect to the verdict of last Friday, "and generally to administer/to toe best interests of toe people.. It Is not "a very delectable kind of amuse ment to pour water on a drowned rat ; but as -the free-trade organs won't see the wisdom of keeping quiet after toe result of last Friday's elections, it is necessary just for once to indulge in this' gratuitous and somewhat unkind process. America is once more trotted ont to show the blessings of ffee-tiade; -and the -distress -of eome of the working men in the United Statee is again selected! orthe purpose of denouncing pro- - taction in Victoria. The main cause of the dulness of trade in America,however,iseariIy explained, and has nothing "whatever to do with protection. It eimply arises from " the feeling of onoertainty inseparable from an irredeemaMe paper currency, with its fluctuations of value." This plays the very "mischief with toe rates df exchange between the Hotted States and ote« ,parte of toe,; -world, and tons inflicts-serions damage upon the export business of toat hation. The remark wb have placed between inverted commas, is taken from the inaugural speech delivered by President Hayes to Congress, on the"5tb of March last, and "there can be no doubt that it truly accounts, for the duL. ness which exists Tn eome prnta of the American continent. . Where paper money is flsed as the fdiuin, "and" gold is always at "a premium, the rates or excnange wrtu roreigu countries must increase tto cost of Igtal prodocitibn for export purposes"; and it is solely be- cansa the United States «tand in this posi tron that their' export' trade "has' fallen off; that toe business toey f ormerly did hjis been diverted isto other diannels, and tost, as a natural consequence, so muto'dnlness has prevailed during the last three. years in America, which every weil-regalated mind must deplore," and "which'every honest man must be . right heartily-'-gLad to learn is rapidly dfeappearirig/ But tost protection has nothing whatever to o with theee causes and effecta is "demonstrated by an article which appeared "im'toe London Tl'mes of 8th Febraary, and which shows that trade deterioration is as' rife where free-trade Ls'-rampant as where;' protection is, enforced; and we commend this article to toe carefol-attenltion'qf those journals which denonnpe protecjiion jn Vic toria becausetoere is adearthofjtoiploy-t ment jostmow in ton toHted-States. The Tuner says tost a continQfid stagnatiop is ap- parent "In some of imB;' mfire important brandies of .trade in England, andthatinone or two there are even: symptoms pf.-aftill further declitie, showing altogether "that toe time has. come whenachange fortoe better will be regarded sb a welcome deliver ance from a painful,f;if nbt a jferilous, position.'' Ho stronger language than this, conld be applied to the dtdness prevalent in the United.6tetes ; and itahowstoatSrade matters are as eerioua in free-trade England as they were, until lately, the cause of no little despondency in Hqtected Americal; The Times "does nbt trifle -wito toe subject, for it goes on to say,:— "The total velne of the exportsfor toe monthof January was £15,94,)0, w qonrtderably less than half toe valtie; jof toe frapwts for (he esme iod. Moreover, -this :«moont exhibits a progressive decline when com pared with toe values of exports in the same month of 1875 and 1876. Since 1875 there habeen a falling off of more than £l,000.0p Nor .is there much consola tion to wiBenvedlftom a'jDto; ibjialiB- tails of vaiwn irdustrieA5? Tahi cotton msntf actijree, winch ahoy a f jjjm- neveitodess, in consequence of the fall in the prices, have hardly increased " l875.toeyajmtifroed were £4, 898, "000 ; for-'' theffbrmbr, and "£4,867,"000"T6r the lattw year. Tn the" linen manafactnre, cthB- 3|uantity.;exported remains almost unaltered, but the value has fallen by. -8 to lOpqr cent. - In the jute trade the same symptoms are discernible. Id the woollen trade the smoant of toe de crease intoe value 'of the exports Is 'alarm ing. In 1875 and 1876 the returns of the month- showed that the. exports were to toe value in each case of about £2,000,000 ' sterling, but last month it was found they had declined to £1,578,000. It is almost needless to say that the exports of iron have not orily diminished in quantity, but have fallen about 80 per cent, in value. Nor me there any industries much more fortunate than these great jfiflarsofeur trade."' After' ail this, let us hear no more' about Ame rica beiiigdall, because it .peraevenes with a protective poiiqy. Free-tirade EngUud i9 not much bettm off just now, ortt needs" no seer to drnne that the Times would toll s fair different" tale -to the above: -Divested, of All prejudice, the ' real "fact is r/toat.cpm- inercial 'Viriaatndee nccur in aH:coontriea? whethm totyare govmped apou-.frae-toade orj pnfectire prindplee ; and, toerefore.itis simply -ridiculous to denounce protection in Victoria because there happens to be dnlr" nes84dtiei9'toe United;States. It will be seen by a telegram which appeas elsewhere that Mr Blackham, one of the euecessful candidates at Sandhurst, is discovered to be an un certificated insolvent, owing to his having neglected, . sixteen years ago; to apply to the court for the usual certificate of discharge. It is stated that Mr Mackay, the next on the poll, will decline to take, advantage of the discovery; but this scarcely , -we think, prevent Mr Blackham losing his seat. " Our Melbourne correspondent .writes:— "A telegram was shown to me on Thursday afternoon, - from which it appears that Mr MacBain's election. for the Wimmera still stands in doubt, as Mr O'Callaghan has entered a protest, against the reception of the Drung Drung returns, on the ground that they were re signed /by tl deputy rngiatnr. Intoevent qf . toe protest being nnheld by toe legal authorities, Mr O'Callaghan will have gained the election as against Mr MacBain by a single vote. We understand that an extraordinary sentence was passed by bis Honor Judge Fellows yesterday at Ararat, in the manslaughter case of- William Richards. The accused was fined £200 in lieu of the usual term of imprisonment imposed in such cases. The Government have at. last determined to erect the long promised footbridge at the Ballamt West Station, and tenders for the work axe celled for by advertisement in another column. We bust tins bridge will not be erected fo the centre -of -toe shed, where toe foundation atones bare been lodged, as the whole platform will certainly be spoiled should this be done. The proper place' for this bridge is at one end or other of the abed, with one staircase leading down to each platform ; and the adoption of one of three sites is theonlywsy by which one of the finest passenger-sheds in the colony can be eared from the etupid destruction with wbich it is now threatened. Tenders are also invited in our advertising columns for iron girders on several parte of the line between Melbourne and Geelong. A special meeting of the City Council was held yesterday, to elect a town clerk and treasurer. There were present the mayor (Cr Claxton). and Crs G. Smith, R. Lewis, Gray, Morrison, Williams, Leggo, and Brophy. A letter was read from Mr Jaber Richards, withdrawing his application. Cr George Smith asked whether it was distinctly understood that the gentleman elected abonld give his whole time to the duties 'of the offices, and moved to that effect. The resolution was carried. It was decoded that toe ballot should be conducted so that one west off at a time. The balloting re sulted, as follows : — First, Marshall 6, Perry 6, Bobsoa 4, Swayne 6, Swifte 7, Robson off ; second Marshall 4,: Perry 6, Swayne 4, Swifte 3, Swifte out; third, Marshall 6, Perry 4, Swayne 1, Swayne out; last, Marshall 3, Perry 5. Cr Lewis then moved, and Cr G. Smith seconded, a resolution "that Mr Perry be appointed town clerk and treasurer, at the salaries already fixed ; and that he commence as soon after Monday as possible." This tree carried, and the meeting terminated. Our Scaredale correspondent -writes : — " A de sire has been very generally expressed that .'toe recent victory of toe Liberal party in GrenvRle should be commemorated in some manner : and at the final meeting of the general committee of Messrs Bird and Davies, held at Scarsdale on Wednesday evening last, it was unanimously de cided to invite the two new members to a banquet. The dinner will take place in the Town Hall, Scaredale, on Friday, 25th instant, and will pro bably be largely attended by .members of the Liberal parly from all parte of the electorate. Messrs Berry, W. C. Smith, Gaunson, and other prominent politicians have been invited to attend. A correspondent writes "A meeting of Messrs Clarke and Lock's sub-committee at Grenville was held at the South Grenville hotel on Wednesday evening; Mr C. Unwin in the chair. Messrs Tay lor, M'Kay, Hitchcock, Sides, and other influen tial residents, were present. All accounts were passed and paid. The committee regretted that they were defeated, but hope to achieve encores on a future occasion." A very curious case of bigamy, in which there are one or two knots which will require some forensic skill to unravel, came before the Town Police Court yesterday, in which a middle-aged man named John Brimblecombe was charged with marrying one Catherine Robertson, his first wife, Mary Ann Brimblecombe (nee WilIhelme) being then alive. Concluaiveevidence was brought to proveboth marriages ; but it was afterward! ekown that the : woman Robertson was married to a laborer named Peter Robertson, who was in court. Robertson and his wife had not met or corresponded, previous to his wife's marriage with Brimblecombe, for sixteen years, so that a prosecution for bigamy would not lie against her. It ha< slwaye been held in cases of bigamy that toe best proof Of the first marriage lies- iu u<6 touut v( Micecwuu, uut h U u wuiewual donbtful whether a marriage, eo ' called, contracted into a married woman, is in reality a marriage at all, what appeared to be a very blear case' against, prisoner became a doubtful one. He was, how- . ever, committed to teke his trial at the Court of Assize, to be held on Saturday. One of the wit nesses, a Mrs James, fell down in a fit as she was stepping into the witness-box, and had to be re moved from court. James Lynar, postmaster at Belfast, was ar- rested yestreday, on warrant, by Detective Hyland, charged with stealing a letter, containing two £10- notes, from the Belfast Post Office. Prisoner was lodged in the City lock-up, and win be brought before the City bench Ihis morning, when, in ell rotabilUy, a remand will be' applied for to Belfast. In spite of the miserably wet Weather there was a large muster of ' members 'of toe Combs at the Pavititm on Wednesday evening, when " Ali Baba" and " Patima" were rreheared. Thecom- rmttee met_ afterwards, -4hd made , all necessary -arrangements for the 23rd and 24th of Afoy. . Some routine business of the usual tart was transacted, and letters of thanks for toe donations made by; the club to toe Sick Mission Fund and the Ladies' Clothing Society were received. A novel feature in the Approaching performances will be the Intro duction into several of the set scenes of abeahtiful prismatic fountain. Last Tuesday evening, at the Ballarat East Lodge meeting, it was resolved to hold a concert oh Tuesday eventDg, June 5th,mt their lodge room, Fire Brigade Hall, Barkly street, for the purpose of deariugoffthe debt of toe lodge. Every mem ber present expressed bis willingness and Mention to dohis utmost to mske it a grand enccesi: The members have already succeeded' in securing - toe. eh-operation' of toh f ollowing lsdire ahfgeatlemep,"" too sill pre: their services on this occasion, namely, Misses Finch, Attwood, and Fields ; and Messrs Jake Moss, Cunning, Southern, Attwood, J. Morgan, Tolliday. Miller, and Field. The public may therefore expect to have a treat, and at the same time assist a good cause. : A meeting , of the mailing regatta committee at Lake Wendouree on toe Queen's Bfrtoday, met at GiBb last evening, whenit was decided to increase toe prizes fn the firet-dass sailingXace to £20, £10, mid £5 for first, second, vud third prizes respec-. flrely. sisoepbmittea and Adopted :-rl. AUbpate to start: race, arith head-sails down ; to staff at twelve mmn. 2\. All boats on the port tack to give way to UM on the stsfboai&Jack;, and those goingfreefg taUi way totooservwind. 3. No restriSflbageBBW or eaOaK-'f - apodeing allowed. tto bepbe moePfretberiyAmeetoreeJlmM-JWga for tbefirst riltoandtyme m toejfeooljNta- 6\. Thlleasi iy the judge W oe finH- Two young women, named Margaret G**** and Mary Woodward, pleaded guilty yesterday to the charge of stealing a quantity of clothing - sheets, blankets, bed-curtains, &c;, to the value of £15, the property of Lee Soon, landlord of the Red, Lion hotel, in the Main street. Both prisoners r were" areteted about a week ago at toe Eastern railway "station when about to lasvef or.Melboume. They etated toat- toey lived at WflBataSt&wn; ' Tbe usual foitoSghflylwBfetiiig brjtoSSarastopol -Cdubdl eras hdd last tiight, when -the -conncil -also sal as a local board of health. The whole of tbe business, however, was of a routine nature; and quickly disposed of. The Jewish holidays in commemoration of. toe revelation fro in Jlount Sinai commenced yesterday evening, at sundown, when the Rev. Mr Goldreich held service and preached a sermon suitable to toe occasion. The services will, be continued, morning and evening, until Saturday night. In another column will be found a report of the meeting of toe Buninyoiigehire Council, held yes terday. The business was almost entirely of a routine character. Some time ago Mr Levinson, of Sturt street, had a fine display of diamond jewellery in his window, and he has again purchased a number of similar articles, which are well worthy of inspection. They consist of arm bracelets, brooches, earrings, and rings, and some of them are remarkably elegantly 'aet. " Professor Hume, the well-known phrenologist end electro- biologist, will open at the Theatre Royal on Monday evening next, for six nights,. in bu entertainment, which wul be fomid described in, our .Udrertising colnmmrff ybis:gBht email' lei very clever in bis particular profession, jand toej low taim of prices ought to "secure patronage. . The Lal Lal Iron Company yesterday adopted tenders for cartir toe machinery to . -toe oom- pAnyis works. . .. ...... r. The election in Ballarat East is now overhand," therefore, the letter of "C.C." cannot be inserted. We ere requested to call attention to an ad- "votieement which appears dsewhere, showing the Advantages obtainable by" joining the Loyal Standard or Loyal Ballarat Lodge of the l'-A F.S. of Victoria. ' The City of Sandhunt Stakes for sixteen all- aged greyhounds was run off on Wednesday, at Mount Aitken, under the auspices of the Sand- hurst Coursing Club. The stakes were divided between Mr Metcalf's Miss Miller and Mr D. Jones' Cinderella. This was considered advisable, because both dogs were somewhat cut np by their previous exertions. Tbe stakea were £24 and £8, (or first and second dogs; : The anniversary of the Barkly street Wesleyan Chinch will becdebreted next Sunday, when the Rev. W. L. Binks will preach in the morning, and the Rev. Ralph Brown in the afternoon. In the evening, the Rev. W. L. Binks will preach a, funeral sermon in the Alfred Hall, touching the death of the late Mr James Kernick. A tea meeting in -tiie hew echool-honse, Barkly afreet, wBltake plaao&.toefdkwing sA meeting o( maeterjbakds wjl -be Add at' Whitehoosee Union hotel torn' evening, At eight -o'clock. A football match will take place to-morrow, be tween teams selected from the Redan and Central Training School Clubs, on the Miners Racecourse. The following are chosen to represent their respec tive dubs : — Central — Grey, Maddern, Corlett, Wallace, Graham, George, White; Josephs, Richardson, Rutherford, Kerr, Rule, M'Kenzie, Ditchburn (3), Little, Carroll, West, and Pobjoy; Redan — Richardson, Fraser, Hain (2), Bennett. Laird, Forgie, Shuldt, Nicholas, Batten, Richards, M'Pherson, Hoban, Ellsworth, Bell, Allen, Wil liams, Carvosae, Davies, and A. Bell; emergency men, M'Dougall, Campbell, Shuldt, Ellis, Davies. Play will commence at two o'clock sharp. It is probable (writes the Age) that Parliament will be called together immediately to elect -a Speaker, with the object of issuing toe write for the Ministerial sate, and tins having been done, toe House will adjourn until after tbe dections, and for such reasonable time ae will enable toe new Government to prepare certain measures. to lay before Parliament. At half-past one o'clock, on Thursday morning, as toe night coach from Sale to Melbourne was that township, a portion of the harness of one of the lading horeeB gave way. The animal at once bounded forward, jerking toe reins out of toe driver's hands. The whole team being without control, dashed forward, and brought the coach with a violent shock against a strong fence. The shock liberated the leading horses, which - galloped into toe bosh aod have not since been hard of, and also brought tin driver from bis seat amongst the pole hones, where he was badly out about the forehead. Fortunately none of the passengers, of whom Mr Robert Walsh, the barrister, was one, were hurt. The pole axle, and other parts of the coach were much damaged, Tbe mails were ant forward ae rapidly as possible after the accident, but tbe passengers came onby toe Berwick coach, arriving some hours late, but none the worse for the misadventure. A Heathcote correspondent of the Age thus accounts for the return of the Minister of Lands: —"Mr Gillies owes his election solely to the fact that he promised toe electors a railway. The day before the election the whole district was placarded ' Vote for Gillies and a railway.' But for this Gillies would have been nowhere.'' The Wamiambool Guardian says it is reported that Sir James M'Culloch, disappointed by the result of tbe last elections, intends to pay another visit to Great Britain. It is also stated that, be fore be lava Victoria he will retire from the representation of Warrnambool, and use all bis influence in (be locality to secure toe sat for Mr Joseph Jones. The local correspondent of .the Age writes: — "It is broadly stated -that -a free-trader in Wil- liamstown, whose interests are bound up with the shipping, has discharged five of bis employes for the part toey played in toe-recent Parliamentary election." Itis etated with eonmwntoorita rsays toe iTefe- graph )' that Mr G. P. Smith will be called to account as soon as the Assembly meets for the un favorable remarks he made on Satnrday respecting the characters of themembers returned to tbe new; Parliament. As. reported, be said that some, of them were without social position, and that no one but "an adventurous person" wrndd lend them a £5-note. For this be is- to -be arraigned, and," according to some accounts, expelled the House. ; A gh&t; (says the Geelong Advertiser) has made its appeannce in toe onion district of Bellarine. A well- known resident, on returning home from Portarimgtoo u -few cVeoings Ago, -eomewhere -in toe small bouts, aw ae be approached hie resi dence what to him appeared to be the .figure of a woman in an erect attitade, but motionless. Bound toe head of . toe spirit was a did) halo, which looked supernatural, ana the features nore a strong re- semblance to - those of ' a young lady of toe district, who, unfortunately f or the -advocates of Spiritism; is still living. With the courage of fate race, he made towards her spiritship, arid was about to; Ask toe reason of so late a visit, when, to his amazement, the figure proved to he e. " tyalker," for it soon disappeared with lightning speed across the; onion fields into utter darkness. The onion grower, on seeing this, took to his betis,- and was soon safe inside a bolted door, but so over come was hewito fright tint he swooned away — a circumstance that- to trim never occurred before. The ghost has caused greet excitement in toe1 locality. A watch will no doubt be instituted, «nd very likely some tnedinm will be . introduced, jn Tin order to ascertain, if -possible, the object «f< toil i visit from toe spirit land. The lady whom Jbe- figure resembled has become very serione, aud the superstitious exppct something awful to'happen at Bellarine shortly. " " " " ' V : "AH work and no play" Is not a favorite motto With the family of wfoch his Honor Judge Fellows is so prominent a member. On leaving Hamilton on Wednesday Judge Fellows proceeded to Nareeb Nareeb,- and beams the guest of Mr Gray . That afternoon he enjoyed some excellent coursing, the hares being numerous and strong, the dogs fast:. On Thursday a grend ubooting par was organ ised, when some fifty brash kangaroos ana several hares testified to toa ekill el toe marksmen, his HonorhandUhg liia breechloader Ae'ekhfoUyafc ever he nsei a Joe Manton" in jears gone by. Friday fortooohwas Spent .in .'kangaroo . hunting, .when seyeml euuut rone and "enooantere witfa ( " boomers" were witnessed, toe jadge bang always in at the dath, and dnring toe afternoon there was more oouraihg, whin Ms Honor Acted as slip per in a style that even s Banher-cohid fast Sur pass. On Satarday bis Hnnorr left for Gia- toomson, with renewed health and -vigor to resume his important dfitiee on An 'early day in the Supreme Court. - " . .. The action brought by Mr Daniel Tallerman, of London, against Mr Archibald Michie, Agent- General of Victoria, was to be tried at London during the present or next month. , Mr Michie (ays ibe Age) has pleaded that the communica tion contiiningthe tulagedlibtiwaf priviletpd, ii- . asmnch as U was apattiom of £ pnvate' SLnd 'confi- dentisl letter to the Govenuntiit &Tictoiia.; " Theautomatic bnoy, which was "Itid down in toe eoUth jthannel ahreast iff Dromana, at the- temnngof laettnonto, apptart, from acboutite given, to be quite a nuisance to the people residing in the immediate vicinity, by its incessent whistling, varied now and again by a vibratory rear, or a compromise between a roar and a whistle. It is wteted (says the Age) that the sound fa heard on either tide with anytoing but stiltiactiomfqMftUs!: tauewof between fonr and fiijgSailtet: '' "ij 