," I have gathere'l a po.io:of other ien'a flowers and'nothling .but the thread that, bindquthem,, is mine own."- Mor.cTa .. L ?. , , . . . .. , ? . . . ! T once morefalls to my lot to'er~rin Sthe pleasat annuil duty bf eishing that individually and collectively all of my respected readers and friends may. enjoy I confess, however, that thle dolefuil aspect of political iiffairs'malkes mo fear that thd close-at-hand festive season ivill' not be so thoroughly enjoyed by some.as it. would' be were matters looking brighter. A possible deadlock; and the ill conseqiuences which would follow- upon it, may perhaps cause sbome heads of families to curtail the usual expenditure'on Christmas festivities. Even' should they not do this, the threatened evil may present itself as an unwrelcome " death's head" at the festive board, aind considerhbly damp, if not altogether spoil, the innocent mirth usually indulged in at this Christian festival. For my part, I shall try to banish'the ghost, and determine, like M1ark Tapley, to be "jolly," even under adverse' circumstances. My advice to .you is' to endeavour to do the same. For "Christmas 'comes bit once a yeir," and it' Will be too bad to have its genikl pleasures marred by the conte'mp]atioi of evils which, after all, may be averted. In this iiistance I submit it would be wise to let the iiorrow take c?iireof itself. So put 'off all miserable reflections, and go in on Christmas Day for thorough.enjoyment 'just as if trouble political were an im possibility. I suppose you are aware that there is in England.a numbe'rbf'learhed divines and Sothes engiigcd upoi a revision oft the tranxhl ion of the 1-uolh Scripture.: F:riim wha' t'aicvt:r d ra at different times as to their work, it: will, when. :completed; materiaily alter the reading of' many passage of Sripture, iand ih, some instances give to them a :totally differeit meaning. Take, for example, the beautiful sentiment we have been taught to believe the angel choir sang when Christl wis brn-" Peace on earth, goodwill tovards' marmn.". :Will it not come to you very much like a shock to; learn that the original should be translated thus- -Pe??Pae' otiedrth to menaof:good in tentionls ?"' I confdes that' I shaill be very loth to accept this new and less comfortipg renadering:. '; !' I have: refrained: this far from alluding. to the rumipis which' recent address :of Mr. Yarley's has' caused; for the reason that th'e s'iuject e'ia''?he abou'd' which I vould r.iich rather keep silent tb'thin speak out. But I've been so badgered' by several 'cnstoisers.as to:my.viqews concern' ing it,. that I feel- compelled to write a word or twod - I shall do so as lightly etnd shortly as possible. It seems to me thd matter resolves itself into two;qtiustions Is theisubiect one about *lfclibfi is desir able to apeakpublicly ?. .and-if so, did Mr V\arle 'b'erotepthe ibound. 'of decency ini ti.e w.yi h iaotreatedit ?). As to the firat, 1I dair'tsayhbit tlhbre might be circuiistances which would warrant a public iman in hold ing .forth iupon such a subject, but I. strongly 'doubt"' whether these had arisen on the occasion l'm referring to. Con ceding that the " social evil" has attained giganitic propositions 'in our community, and is working a terrible amount of mischief to. body :and soul, still I fail to see how any check to it would .be likely to come 'out of such an exposed as was given by Mr. Varley. To my thinking the public platform is tho last place in the world where a social ulcer of this liaturo should be uncovered, probed, its. ill-effects diagnosed, and remedies suggested. " To the pure all things are pure," but only to: the pure; therefore,' however 'plain language Mr. Varley might have' used, it would not contaminate such. : But the ciase is different when wr.consider that pernapsg the bulk of the audience who listened: to him was not pure. And I think it doesn't need a very vivid imagination to compre hend that on these Mr. Varley's words have inflicted more evil than good. As ;to tho:.second point, cI an-only speak from hiearsdlay.! ief ifmany .utterances I've besentoldof by some hoWie present are tfaihfsili'y reported t6iaoioe muahjl hold that .r:jleyi wasa'giltfy-of dealing.with thiii delicate subject in an indelicate manner. I don't for a, moment believe he meant' to offend in this way. His intentions were doubtless of the best, but none' should know better than lie the weakness 'of good intentions-how a certain place is said to bhe paved with them. My opinion, then, is that.,Mr. Varley had: much better, not have meddled with the matter piublicly, and th't his manner of doing so was marked by much bad taste. I'm sorry to have to say this, because I. believe Mr. Varley to be engaged in a great and good work, and it's a pity he should have besmirched his popularity by such a terrible mistake. I would hint to him in no unfriendly spirit to bear in:mind in the future the old say ing about the'cobbler sticking to his last. Mr. yarley i an evangelist i a success as ampuhblin iocial evil reformwr he is the Sa corrobortive of what I suggested ast week anent the motives which might have led the Liberal party to accept tacitly, if not avowedly-the candidature of Mr. Knipe for Boroondara, I will mention what follows. " Conversing with a politician of that colour, I. expressed to him my astonishment that his party had not pitted one of its leading men against M3r. urray Smith-mentioning Professor Pearson by name. I said that whilst the" might have a chance of winning with such a man, they could sci?ircelyhope for victory with a. Knipe.: "Look you here,"' said he; " we don't anticipatW securing that seat iust now under any circumstances. There fore, we won't subject a good man tb the discredit of being beaten, thereby enabling the Opposition to boast of a great party victory. If Knipe wins, well and good; if he doesn't, we shall, be able to say we didn't put forth our strength. I; only Ssuspected thi? to be -the case last-week niow'r feel pretty certain about it. A ,ing.ien, c tephuda Spyer, of the St. Kilda Veloteer.' A Ctiii.i Corps, has Ibeen gasetted teoe!~~~ inseatenty to date (frqi MIyl?~r 