BE. SOMEIi VILLli' S VISIT. Yesterday, at norm, a prayer meeting was I hold in the Koyal Princess Theatre in connection ; with the visit of Dr. Somerville; there were about 300 persons present. A short address was delivered by Dr. Somerville, and prayers were offered up by several other gentlemen! In the evening a service was held iu the same building, which was crowded to excess The Rev. Mr. King announced that the result of the collection made on Sunday after noon was £'2S; it was calculated that about £100 would be required to cover the expenses of holding the services during Dr. Somerville's stay in the city. There were collectors stationed at the doors with whom contributions could bo left. A hymn was sung, a prayer offered up, and then another hyinn sung, after which tlio Her. Dr. Somervillee said that he had not one particular text to give out for his lecture to Christian workers, but would malco reference to numerous passages in tiie Scriptures. The first to which he directed attention was 3rd chapter, 20th and 21st verses of the Ephesians " Now unto Him that is able to do exceeding abundantly above all that we ask or think, ac cording to the power that worketh iu us, unto Him be glory in the Church of Christ Jesus throughout all ages, world without end.'' There was a quaint though not happy Arabian pro verb—" Bie3sed is ho that expecteth nothing for lie shall not be disappointed"; there was much in this which applied to man, but in his relation with God it was different. for the more that was ex pected of God, the more pleasing it was to him. There were several tilings which the Church of Christ needed:—1st. Vitalness. 2nd. Combination with one another. 3rd. Sympathy between the' members of Christ'i church. 4th. Expectancy ; the importance of expecting much. It was on the last of the four that ha would chiefly dwell upon that night. Iu St. Matthew the words oc curred, " Whatsoever ye ask in prayer, be lieving, ye shall receive." Some times they might have some difficulty in seeing how these words were proved, but they must have faith. When in Calcutta he had repeated a story told by Mr. Moody of a litt'e boy who was fading away, but who had prayed for the convorsion of sinners. He asked Sunday after Sunday when his lather returned from church if anything unusual had happened at church, but was always told no, until one day his father carelessly said there was something unusual, a man had coine to the minister and had been con verted; more come, until at last the congregation which had been, spiritually, very dead became very lively, and many conversions were made. The boy died, and under his pillow was found a paper containing the names of fifty of the people who had been converted. When he told this story in Calcutta, a lady, the wife of a minister, cams to him and said that, together with others, she had decided to pay for the con version of fifty people, in every year after they had read of this story, but that though eleven months had passed, only twenty-five conversions hail been made, lie told hor she must not expect to limit the works of God, that it was shown their prayers had been fruitful to soma extent; but she said their prayers had been for fifty conver sions and she was concerned for the I'ivino glory. Sho asked that a prayer might be offered up at a meeting over which ho was then presiding; he consented to do so. The same evening, however, he received a letter from the lady, which stated that she had obtained a liifc from her husb.ind, which showed that fifty-three persons had been converted; he bad not told hor of some, and that sho also learned of twelvo others, though nine out of this number were aot fully converted; she, therefore, asked a prayer for these. Here was an encouragement to ask for God's blessing upon this work. The l?ev. Mr. Whigmore, of London, had once reeuivod £100 anonymously from a gentleman in answer to an announcement that was made in the newspapers that large numbers of the Lord's people in parts of Loudon were without bread. The money was sent to supply this want, but it was especially mentioned that succour would only be given to the^ Lord's people. This perplexed the Rov. Mr. Whigmoro, who did not . like to judgo people; ho wrote to the minister of five denomi nations, stating lie could give bread to any of the Lord's people who wanted it. In sov™ days not a single application was made, lie thought this strange that not one of the Lord's people should want bread. He waited for four years, made inquiries; he had made challenges at public meetings, but no application was made by any of the Lord's peoplo as wanting bread. \\\ as this not a strange illustration of how God fulfilled his work; he taught them that they I CJuld gain what they wanted by prayer. This was illustrated by the reply he gave when casting out the devil. His disciples had been unable to do so, and Christ was applied to in such words, "If thou canst do anything for ns have compassion and help us." But Christ said, 'A ay, nay; j/'thou canst believe, all things aro pos sible." The speaker then referred to the command jgiven to Joshua to take possession of his in heritance; that ho was to carry with him a sword of steel and over a quarter of a million of young men to fight the enemy; but let them mark the contrast when the twelve dsoiplcs were charged to go forth to overcome the enemy. They had no sword of steel, but with that of the Spirit they had changed the face of the world. If they had faith, they would overcome the world, and all things would be possible to them, lie would now say a few words upon the words from Acts of the Apostles, "Be it known unto you therefore, men and brethren, that though this luan is preaching unto you the forgiveness of sins, and by him all that believe are justified from all things from which ya could not bo justified by the law of Moses." This taught them that if tlioy believed in the Lord Chri.it, their belief Would be accepted by Him, and cleanse them of all their sins and blemishoa, While travelling iu America he passed through what B-iemod ttu unending forest of trees, and the thought occurred to him, " What countless numbers of lc-aves are on theso trees. Ah ! sup pose I died, and my sins were as countless as the leaves of this American forest, such is the power of the blood of the Lamb, such the wonderful sacrifice made for me that all would be banished from you, and there would be complete forgiveness. Ought not this to uqtvq Christians to work boldly and untiringly to bring their friends and relatives and all sinners to receive this glorious forgiveness while yet there was time? St. Paul to tho lJomaus said, "And we know that all things work together for good to them that love God, to them who are callud according to his purpose." Now, here was ex pectation »f promise. Everything which God did was for tho importance of his people; con verged to a focus, worked together for the good of those that loved 11 iin, They would say, surely all things are not good; tho re are some things naturally bad; but he (the spoakor) did not say they would see how all things worked for their good, but they believed it because it was the word of God. If an apothecary wcro asked for poison he iron Id refuse to give it, thinking it likely the buyer might take his lifo away, but a doctor in making up a prescription often had a little poison mixed with the medicine, and all worked together for tho accomplishment of something good; let the man not be too fast; here was what God said, "All things should work for tho good of man," What fulness of promise was thero not in these words, " He that sparoth not his own Son, but delivered him up for us all, how shall he not with him freely give us all things V" This was not said by Paul as an inspiration, but it was put as an inference, that if God had given his chief mercy he would not^ deny any lesser gifts,' One word might be said to give an idea of tho greatness of God's chief mercy; this could best be done by looking at some of the lesser. Amongst the lesser there was such a blessing as forgiveness of all their innumerable sins—tho gift of eternal love and of the Holy Ghost. Some would say surely the Holy Ghost, tho third iu the Trinity, is not a lesser gift; but it was so, for tho Holy Ghost was giveu to, while Christ was given for, man— that lie might be saved; that the curse resting on him might be ended; that man might be saved by a glorious redemption. Why should there be dissension and divisions in the church and amongst Christians; did they romemboi' the words of Paul tv tho Corinthians, when they were splitting tli6msolvo3 tip into sects and di visions; lie said, "Let no man glory in men. For all things aro yours; whether Paul, or Apollos, or Cephas, or the world or lifo or death, or things present, or things to come: all ?,ro.yours, and ye aro Christ's, and Christ is a Whcn S°'d was discovered in Australia, and tho intelligence brought to Europe, the whole world was willing to believe and ooino ®rc- "by did they not beliovo in tho Word oi God when it spoko of his inestimable treasures! Why put sectarianism afoot, and denomination against denomination ? Why not enjoy the great gifts of God in peace and thauk tuluess ? They should shed the pure white I'-ght of the Gospel over the whole world. Paul said, "And God is able to make all grace abound towards you; that ye, always haying all suffering in all things, may abound to every good work." When he travelled to India, lie landed at Madras, and was struck by the great surf that broke on tho each; the natives came in boats to take pas to the beach, and this was done by the 'Id, mighty waves swinging, or almost throw ing, the boat on shore. While watching theso mighty waves rolling down and breaking on the ach, be could have stood for hours gazing upon the scene; had he done so he would still have seen the same incessant interminable rolling in alK 0l't of the mighty waves of the great Sf o , \keueverhe read tho 9th chap., 8th verse, ni Iv.- ®or'uthians, it always put him in mind these waves. The words • represented tho great Sea of" God's grace; there wore wild } Wivs "aiid _waVes to "buffet with; but these tfo'calm peaeo and security in.F f"''owedL • Let-therri strive then to receive lL'm which'"was? "sdt before' 'tjiem.' Paul *5l(l| -.I'can"ty# all '■ things-'1 flirough''-Christ, which strengthened me." When he used, these words he had been imprisoned for about fivo years, and had been ohained to the Roman soldier, and to such a man as Paul one of the bitterest things of captivity must have beea that he was never alone. Let them visit Paul in this cell of his; they would find him well, and iu good spirits. They would remark upon this, and say, "I would like to know what you can do here." The roply would be, " Ask me not that; what can I do ? I can do all things through Christ which strengthened me." Mighty mountains of difficulty to man were removod by God's word, and scattered in dust to the wind; nothing was mightier than his promises; they were more powerful tliau the arms of his angels or of Gabriel, which meant strong one of God. But it was not Paul alone who spoko in this strain of the glorious promises of Christ, the other apostles likewise mentioned them. There was one last referenco to the Scriptures he would make; it was in the end of the Bible, " He that over cometli shall inherit all things, and I will bo hia God, and he shall bo my son." Though the same sentiments wera repeated over and over again in the Bible to show that Clirist would be as large in the end as in tho beginning, he still breathed tho same wonderful words. How much are they to expect from God ? All things, all tho joy and happiness that heaven and eternity could giv«. His resources were adequato to his promises; ho did not pro mise what he could not fulfil. He was an in iinite God. He had pledged his name and glory to do all these things for man. Let them, therefore, get hold of Christ and keep him ever near them, that His rich blessings may shower down upon them. Some years ago he was travelling iu the South of Europe, and had reached those regions of wondrous glaciers and perpetual snow, he met a man—the most re pulsive almost of his species—who asked whether he should blow his long Alpine horn. Assent was given, and some few of the notes of the scale of music wera produced, but, presently, high up among the peaks of the beautiful mountains the artless sounds ware re-echoed with aii ex quisitely delieious harmony, that he could liken to nothing so much as the glorious sym phony of a callsal musical glass. Up in tlioso heights the delicious sounds beat backwards and forwards between tho rocks, falling, . dying away, and gradually growing softer and more beautiful, until they became fainter and fainter, and died away. He thought, if I • could but liko tho man who blew this rude Alpine horn, produce beautiful sounds like those that would carry my congregations in thoir thoughts high up into the stomal heaven, I should ba happy. Some of the beautiful sounds that were pleasing to Cod, and gained his "roward were love, gratitude, members in harmony with ono another, generosity, liberality, devotedness to Christ and his kingdom. Lot ministers and Christian workers seo that they sounded their horns iu praise of God, published his goodness, mercy, and infmito love to thu world. Tho echoes they would awaken would asceud far above the mountain peaks, and Boar up to tho very gates of heaven itself, awaken ing the love of Christ, than which tliero was nothing of greater length, breadth, or height, and back would those exquisite ochos come with the majesty of God's highest holy love, and awaken a symphony of dolicious sound, far moro beautiful than what could bo heard iu the romantic valleys of Switzol-land from the rude Alpine horn. Tho choir then sang, "Rock of ages," with very great taste and expression, and the service was brought to a closo by tha Rev. Mr. King pronouncing a benediction. To-day, at noon, another prayer mooting will ba held; at tkrao o'clock the rev. gentleman will bold a Bible service; and in tha avening, at half-past seven o'clouk, th» third sorvice will ba conducted by Dr. Somerville. 