SPORTING NOTES FROM HOME. RR ROBIN HOOD. LONDON, MAT 1L Tuesday, the 17th of April, was, I think, -ibe most miserable day I ever spent on New market Heath, and was very far indeed from ushering in with iclat the racing season of 1877 at head-quarters. A cold, biting, easterly triad swept over the heatb, with occasional squalls of hail and rain, and daring the race lor the Biennial it was bo severe, and blew so in the teeth of the horses, that they seemed {airly to stop nnder it It is an ill wind, how ever, that blows nobody any good, and so said the bookmakers, as favourite after favourite vent down before some despised outsider. The attendance was pretty good, as many journeyed to Newmarket to hear the result of Lord Falmouth's reciprocity motion, which was to have come on at this meeting. How it was postponed, and how something else which created widespread amazement was carried, shall be told anon; here I must briefly discuss the racing. On the first day the only race of note waB the Newmarket Biennial, which ^ is almoBt a second Two Thousand, as it is run for over the Rowley mile, and is for three-year-old colts and fillies, carrying 8st. lOib. and 8st. Gib. re spectively. It is a Btrange fact that the winner of this race has never won the Derby, although Blue Gown, who was second in 1868, Favonius, Becond in 1871, and George Frederick, third in 1874, were subsequent Derby winners. Pero Gomez, who won it in 18C9, was only beaten a short head at Epsom, and won the St Leger, so that it will be seen that the com. petitors for this stake have been usually animals of high class. This year there were 12 runners, and of these the favourites were Lord Falmouth's Silvio, by Blair Athol Silverhair; Mr. C. Rayuet's Warren Hastings, by Citadel-Plunder; and General Pearson's Chevron, by Rosicrucian-Cognisance. Silvio looked very well, and as he was reported to have cleared out all Lord Falmouth's string iu his trial, he was made a strong favourite, as little aB 6 to 4 being taken, whilst Warren Hastings figured at 3 to 1, and Chevron at 6 to 1, offers of 15 to 1 bar three going begging. As before mentioned, the race was run in a hailstorm, and Silvio and Warren Hastings ran most unkindly, putting their eats back and refusing to face the -elements, and Archer was hard on Silvio when descending the Bashes-hill, and as Warren Hastings and Chevron were also beaten, the finish was left to the three out siders, Grey Friar, Masaniello, and Jagillon, who fought out a good race home, and finished in the order named, Grey Friar win ning by a neck only, and Jagillon being beaten a similar distance for second place. The winner is a brown colt by Blue Mantle Recluse, and is the property of Lord Angle sea ; he is engaged in the Derby, but his win here did not bring him into very great favour for the big event, as many good jadges thought that Silvio would, under more favour* able circumstances, turn the fcableB on him. On Wednesday the weather was better, but the sport not so good. Lady Golighty walked for over the Column Stakes, but as she did so in her clothing she did not give her Derby backers much chance of seeing how. Bhe had wintered. The Newmarket Handi cap was the event of the day, and it fell to Lord Vivian's Hidalgo, a three-year-old colt by Pero Gomte, who had won a race pre viously in the afternoon, and so easily, too, that his owner made up his mind to start him for the Handicap, which he won by a length and a half from The Cheetah and Morning Star. The winner carried 5at lllb, and started at 100 to 8. He iB engaged in the Derby and Leger, but is not, I think, class enough for that company. The last two days of the Craven meeting were principally noticeable for the extraor dinary form displayed by Fred. Archer, the celebrated jockey; on Thursday he had six mounts, and scored a win each time; and on Friday he only rode twice, and won on both occasions, so that he finished np the meeting with eight consecutive wins-a per formance, £ fancy hitherto unexampled. Had anyone gone to Newmarket on Thurs day morning with a modeBt " fiver " to back "Archer's mounts," and had made np his mind to let winnings accumulate, and put all on till the end of the meeting, he would bave left the heath on Friday a winner of over ten thousand pounds. The following are the prices at wbicn the horses he won on started, so that any of my readers who are fond of figure?, may work out the result for themselves: Skylark-6to 4 against Uttla Fil-2 to 1 against Suxine-i to I against Belle ol Sutherland-5 to 2 agalast Fameee- 6 to 4 against Bkylark- 6 to 4 on FRIDAY. Joschhn-2 to 1 .gaioit Jnlla Peaohnu-6 to 4 on. : I am assuming that a man starts with £5, atid puts Vrlnnlngs and all on eaoh succeed ing event; thus he wins £710s. over Skylark, andjpQts that amount and his original £5.viz., £1210s., on Little Fif, and soon the end. A greater surprise, however, than anything that happened' on'the racecourse, was the announcement that Lord Falmouth had con sented to postpone his celebrated reciprocity motion till the H6ughton Meeting, which does not take place till October next. I think his lordship took this step from feelings of delicacy, aS Vioomte Darn (who, as repre senting the French Jookey Club, it will be remembered, had written to Admiral Rous on the subject) died very suddenly on the Sunday night prior to the date fixed for the consideration of Lord Falmouth' sresolution. I am assured, however, that the matter will not be allowed todrop, and that a very strong party will be found in the elub, who will insist that Frenchmen shall open their noes to as, or be debarred from competing here. , Although the meeting of the Jookey Club *as deprived of rauoh of its interest on it being known that Lord Falmouth had with drawn bis motion, that interest was revived m a most startling manner when it wai atnounoed on Wednesday that on the ftevions evening the olub bad aotually EiBBed Colonel Forrester's proposition to >wer tbe weights in handicaps to 71b, instead ol making 5st. 71b. the minimum, as hitherto. When Colonel Forrester gave dc lice last year that he would in the Craven week make auah a proposition, he was ridiculed by tbe whole sporting press, and the evils that would arise from each an alter tion were forcibly pointed ont on all sides, although racing men as a rale said little about it, many thinking the colonel would not find a seconder; and when Sic. Alexander did come forward in that capacity, the idea of its ever attain Wimt"" 1 is wui remain so I know not, but Lord Hard. itBC^mmft^ntn0UnC8dihiB int®ntion of moving its immediate repeal, and Sir J. D AstleS aditad Meantime'the old £#w J1?0!&er; handicappers will, as that nS^-L»9tJlb'the weight to .' new rola will have no mem&rB; of tfci8 d'Btreasing t° find that 11 members[of the club could have been sot to mill h JT*®** nding, and half, nnitti^iithe n^tional BPMt at head. n°°n ^®come a knghing-stock. meeting, out of some ' on'y ten exceeding a mile in l®n»Tere cont??,te<i, and of these ten only two were over a mile and a halt ? -?tlier noticeable feature in the X^ke$Fn^on.week waa ^e form shown by Mr. Sandford s American horses. I think L!?J. ??edl? $ Previous letter that all last season they had done nothing, or next to nothing. Mr. Sandford has not, however, been discouraged, and his pluck seems likely this season to meet its reward. On the Wednes day he won a handicap with Donna, a nice three.year.old1 filly by Bayford out of Dot: and on the Friday he took the £100 Plate over the Rowley Mile, with Brown Prince, a mown colt by Lexington ont of Britannia. This colt was backed after his win (at out Bide prices) for the Two Thousand Guineas and Derby, and it will be seen presently that in the first of these events, at any rate, be has acquitted himself more than re Bpectably. He is a remarkably fine colt, not showing a great deal of quality, perhaps, but that he can both stay and go fast he has clearly demonstrated. The EpBom Spring Meeting followed the Newmarket week, and as the weather was fitie, the road on the City and Suburban day waR almost like a young Derby day, manyfour* in-hand drags and agood many tandems turn* ing out. Tbe drive from London to Epsom at this time of the year is very delightful. The hedges and trees have just put on their spring garments, and in the villages through which we {Missed the boys and girls were doing a roaring trade by selling nosegays of cowslips, which they bad gathered from the neighbour ing fields. On the downs was the usual crowd-in fact, more than the nsnal crowd-for the receipts were larger than ever before known on a City and Sub. day. The racing, although excellent, can be briefly oismissed, as beyond the big handicaps, par ticulars of which I append, there was no race of more than passing moment, if I except the Hjde . park Plate and Westminster Stakes for two year olds, both of which races were won by Peck's stable-the latter race by Grace, a very nice filly by Scottish Cbief -Virtue, and the former race, to which 500 sovs. were added, by La Merveille, by Blair Athol out of Cauldron ; this is a very nice filly, engaged in the Oaks and Leger of 878, and Bhe won here in a canter. The City and Snburban brought a good field of 25 runners to the post, and the ring fared very badly on both their win and place books, as tbe three first favourites actually ran first, second, and third. JuliuB Csesar, who, in tbe hands of Archer, won in 2m. 18s. in a canter, was an especial favourite with the public, as on public form he was bound to be; for here, a four year old, he carried 7st. 101b. only, yet last year he was good enough to get a place in all the big events, having been second in the Two Thousand Guineas, third in the Derby, and third in the St Leger. The following comprised tbe field THE CITY AND SUBURBAN HANDICAP, Of 16 BOTH, each, 10 ft., and 6 only if declared, with 200 added ; the second received 60 bovs. ont of the stakes ; winners extra. About one mile and a quarter. 127 subs., 40 of whom declared. Mr T. Gee's br c Julius Caesar, by St. Albans Julie, 4 yrs, 7st. 91b, carried 7sk 101b. (F. Archer) _ .. .. 1 Lord BoeeberrVs br c Touchet, 3 yrs, 6st. (Hop klDB) .. .. - .. 2 Mr. G. tambert's ch g Bilbriggan, 5 yrs, 6at. 71b. . (Morgan) ° Ohaplet, 5 yrs, 7st. 131b.; Snail, aged, 7st. 111b., carried 7st. ISlb.; Hesoer, 4 yrs, Tat. 101b.; The Ghost, 6 yrs, 7st. 71b., carried 7st. 81b.; John'Day, i yrs, 7st 61b.; St. Leger, 6 yrs, 7et. 61b.; Tassel, 4 yrs, 7st. 4lb, including 61b. ? extra: Newport, 4 yrs, 7et. 21b.; Chypre, 5 yrs, 7st. 21b.; Volturno, 6 yre, flat. 131b.; Bondsman, 6 yrs, 6st. 121b.; Warren Hastings, 3 yrs, 6su 101b.; Kos bach, 3 yrs, 6st. 71b ; Warrior, 3 yrs. Gst. 81b.; Mar garita, 4 yrs, 6st. 61b., carried 6st. 61b.; Buccaneer Voltella. 3 yrs, est. 81b; Sign Manual, 3 yrs, Set. 181b ; Bonchurcb, S yrs, 6st. 131b., carried 6at.; Don . Carlos, 8 yrs, 6sL 121b.; Ooraair, 8 yrs, 5st. 121b., in cluding 61b. extra ; Pr. Gully, 3 yrs, 6st. 121b.; The Cheetah, 8 yrs, 6st. 101b.; James Piffg, 3 yrs, 6st. 81b, carried 6st. 121b.; Cartridge, 3 yrs, 6st. 71b.: Chesterfield, SJyrt, 6»t. 71b. -also ran. On the second day the Great Metropolitan, two miles and a quarter, only produced a fi«ld of six, and was won by John Day, with Norwich second, and Lilian third. I can t leave tbe Epsom meeting without saying a word or two about the disgraceful arrange ments, which would, in these days, be con sidered too bad for a race between half a oozen donkeys for a fat pig at Donnybrook. Although the proprietors of the stands have ?uace Buch mints of money out of them, they are too mean to print new tickets for each meeting, and actually sold Wo Summer Meeting" ticketB for Spring 1877. Tnen for boiBting the starters they cant " fiord a fixed frame, but pnt six numbers on a poBt, which they then stick up in holes In the ground, using as many poles side by side us are required. After the two days at Epsom, we had a three days' meeting at Sandown-park, with -ome capital sport on the flat, and over both the big and little sticks, the great events being the Esher Stakes, a one-mile handicap, with 500 sovs. added,.which brought out a sued field of a dozen horses, and was won by IronBtone, by The Miner out of Rosamond ; and the Sandown Two-year-old Stakes, which fell to Mr. B. Peok's filly Grace, who, with only 7 to 4 betted against her, won very rasily from Palm Leaf, Queen of Penris, and seven others. j ThePonle d'Essai, or French TwoThousand Guineas, was run on the Sunday following -nd resulted in the easy victory of M. Lupin's Fontainebleaii, to Dollar ont- dl tfirlande. anown brother of St Cyr. BataUle UlUPf Auviru . was second, and Verneail third; as the latter was tbe trial borae of Chamant,tbe backers of tbe latter looked unutterable things when they aaw Goater {who bad crossed the channel tbe day before to ride him) hard on him a quarter of a mile from home and totally unable to keep him in a good position. The winner is engaged in the Epsom Derby, Grand Prix, ana Doncaster St. Leger, and was in the first bluih of victory backed at 8 to 1 tor the first-named event; he has since i i * B . ad pr'ce consider, ing he won here in a canter bf four length*. And now we come to the Two Thousand Guineas, run in the week after the French 2nrf°8iIhU,K,J<*' £(tetdecision of the City and Suburban, the betting on the Guineas J**® onnenally heavy; and, as is often the case, public fancy was divided between d dark hoiee and a bom-fide good public per former the latter being, of course, Count £agrange s Chamant, and the former an own brother to General Peel, called Morier. in £?c*a »te.b,e (the property of the Duke of Westminster). The nonet wonderful rumoura were afloat aalto tbia home's capabilities-that Bince the City and Suburban he had been pat through the mill with Julius Cajsar, and that ?the Aoman general coidd not, were he in the »w'iJrin*w ?}' P'k, or, in other words, that Morier cpnld give a horse who was goot «nough to.run second for this very event last year a stone and a year and a beating. This tale was so absurd that it ought to have defeated itself, but it did not, and as the day drew newer the infatuation seemed to in crease, and, to make a long story short "it ended m Morier, a dark horse, starting first favourite at 2 to 1, in the face of a well-tried performer, who was known to be fit and well, ?and who had as a two year old won a very fine race over the same course. On the Thursday 5? I®8 n,°1806 ot note> and the attendance he?tH was very meagre, baton the Two xnousand day the specials were crowded, and it was with difficulty I could force my way through the crowd outside the betting rooms in High-street. Stopping here a mo ' . *°Snd that things had altered but little since the evening before, Morier being packed at 9 to 4 and Chamant at 10 to 4, and the rest from 7 to 10 and up to 100 to L tfaron Rothschild's Strachino, who had on nis performances in France been a good favourite up to the day before, had gone back a good deal on account of his having savaged his lad on the heath in the morning. It seems Osborne rode him a gallop, and that ne went well enough, but after pulling "P1being led to his stable he caught the Jad by the arm and threw him, and then fell on his knees and worried him like a dog before he could be got off. The poor boy was seriooBly injured, and had to be carried to a doctor. Of the other candidates Brown frince was backed for a good deal of money lor a place, and The Monk, an own brother to Holy Friar, which my readers will re member BB the animal that was disqualified by the death of the sporting parson in 1875 WBB also expected to perform welL The big race was set for 3 o'clock, and, as nothing before that was worth looking at, I had ample time to examine nearly all the horses engaged. Morier was not saddled in tbe birdcage, but was taken down to the new stables by the ditch, where it turned out that many who had ruBbed on him blindly got a I Peep> find galoped back to the ring to try and lay off their money; one very good judge, who returned to the ring juBt as the boiBeB started, telling me he wouldn't give £100 for him. In the enclosure the mighty frenchman Chamant was, of course, the centre of attraction, and he well repaid a scrutiny. Trained to the minute, quiet as a sheep (aa nearly all real good ones are), Icould not find a fault with him ; he is not t he grandest looking horee I ever saw by any means, but be is a wonderfully well-Bhaped horee, with capital legs and feet, and very powerful back and loins; and, as I said before, I could not pick one hole in him, although some Baid that he was flat Bided, others that be was weak below the knee. Brown Prince looked better than he did in the Craven week, and many backed him for a place, the Americans being, of coarse, on to a man. He is a handsome horse, although not Bbowing much quality, a bright bay with four white feet, and as he was hardly fit, and had suffered from cracked heels, he may jet do even greater things, , although there can be no doubt had he not met a very exceptionally good j horse be would have carried the Guineas »o the land of the stars and stripes. Lady Golighty was scratched early in the week, and Silvio carried Fred Archer and Lord Falmouth'B confidence. He looked well enough, but I was sorry his lordship did : not Btart the filly, although I fear there is ro doubt that her pipes are affected; but as Prince Charlie, a rank roarer, won the very race three years ago, she might have had a 1 chance, and her brilliant turn of speed would , bave always kept her in the front rank. The betting in the paddock was very heavy, the owner of Strachino took £16,000 to £2,000 in one bet about his colt, but tbe public, Btill blindly following Peck's dark horse, kept him first favourite, although it seems wonderful that a horse who had never been on a racecourse could be backed at less than 2 to 1 in tbe face of such a two-year-old per former as Chamant. I append the field and the betting at the post. THE TWO THOUSAND GUINEAS STAKES ' A subscription of 100 sore, each, h. It For three year olds-colts, Sat. 101b. ; fillies. 8st. 51b. The owner of tbe second received 200 govs, out of the Btake, and tbe third saved bis stake. R.M. (one mile 17 yards). 101 subs. Horses marked thus * are in the Derby, t the Oaks. t the St. Leger. ' * j: Count F. de Lagrange's b c Chamant, by Mor ttmtr-Araucaria, 8at. 101b. (J. Qoater) .. .. 1 * ! Mr. If. Sandford's b c Brown Prince, 8st. 101b. (Custance) .. _ _ 2 * t Lord Falmouth'B b c Silvio, 8st. 101b. (P. Archer) 3 * Mr. O. Alexander's ch c Thnuderstoue, 8st. 101b. (T. Chaloner) _ _ .. <j ; Mr. A. fialtizzi's cb c, by Buccaneer- Voltella, Sat. 101b. (Maidment) .. " ., _ ..0 4 t Lord Calthorpe's ch c Monachus, 8st. 101b. (C. Archer) {Mr. F. Oretton's ch c Tbe Honk, 8at. 101b. (Cannon) _ 0 *} Mr. O. Baynoi's, jun.. ch c Warren Hastings. Sit lOib. (Morris) .. .. _ ., 0 ' J Baron A. de Uothschild's br c Strachino, Sit. 101b. (J. Osborne) .. _ 0 * J Duke of- Westminster's b c Morier flats Hon Fibre), 8st lOlh. (F. Webb) .. " ..0 t kr. F. Oretton's b o Kisgsdere, 8at. 101b. <1. Osborne).. .. .. .. .. ,. o Betting at the Btart-IB to 8 agst Morier, 200 to 100 aeet Chamant, 7 to 1 agst Strachino, 100 to 8 agec Thnrueistone, 100 to 7 agst Silvio,' 1,000 to. 80 agst Tbe Monk, 1,000 to SO each agst Warren - Hastings and Brown Prince, 1,000 to 16 agst Monacbtrf. g The race is soon described, as after a few 'alee starts caused hy the fractiousness of Strachino the flag fell to a good start, ul though the last- mentioned horse had per haps tbe worst of it Monachus led his field at a rare pace nntil a quarter of a mile from home, when he was done with, and Chamant* who had been in the van the whole way, and was pulling Goater out of the (?addle, shot to the front, and romped into tbe dip and up tbe ascent for home, winning with the greatest ease by a length. Brown Prince beat Silvio by about the same for second place, and then came The Monk, Monachus, and the Voltella' colt in ?i cluster. Time, lm. 50s. Value of utiles, £5,200, Morier, the wonder, the lly«-r, the "horse of a century," finished ninth, and was in difficulties the whole way, ind nfter tbe race was clothed and smuggled the beathaa mysteriously as he had been brought on it, and all sorts of excuses w6re fleied for him-some that he had got an in (Urned foot from pasting a shoe, and others > bat he waB lame from having been too tightly bandaged over night. There can be no doubt someone made a great mistake, as me Duke ana Duchess of Westminster, who rarely personally patronise the sport, were both on the heath to see their hone perform the same feat as his brother General Peel bad done in 1861. On Thursday, the off day, the racing was of no interest, and the attendance meagre, bat on Friday the One Thousand Guineas, for fillies only, brought a lot of people on to the heatb, and they were well rewarded, as they witnessed one of the grandest races of the Beaeon. The following 19 ladies went to the pOBt for the ONE THOUSAND GUINEAS STAKES. A subscription of 100 sovs. each, h. ft, lor thre6-ye*r old fillies, 8at. 10ib each. The second received 200 sovs., and the third saved stake. A.M. (one mile 17 jarde). 84 sabs. t Lord Harttngton's b ( Bel phoebe, byToxophlllte -Vaga, 8st 101b. (P. Jtffery) .. .. .. 1 Mr. T. AnBley's ch I lady Bonald, by Lord Lyon -Idith, 8«t. 101b. (Parry) .. _ ..2 * 11 Lord Falmouth's ch I Lady Golightly, by King Tom-Lady Coventry, 8st. 101b. (F. Archer) .. 8 t Mr, O. Alexander's ch f Brlglia, by Thunderbolt Habena, Set. 101b. (Iforbey) 0 11 Prince Batthyany's b f Magnolia, by Lecturer Mahonla, Sat. 101b. (Morris) " 0 11 Lord Bradford's ch I Manoeuvre, by Lord Clifden Quick March, 88t. 101b. (Maidment) _ .. 0 11 Mr. Gerard's b t Palm Flower, by The Palmer Jenny Diver, Sst 101b. (Constable). .. _ 0 f Mr. J. B. Honldsworth's b 1 Morgiana, by Scottish Chief-Lady Morgan, 8sb. 101b. (I. Osborm) 0 t Mr. B. James's b f NTtocrii, by King Tom Datura, 8st. 101b. fT. Chaloner) .. - .. 0 11 Mr. T. JenningB 8 b f Plaismte, by Cymbal Jeannette, 8st. 101b. (O. Archer) 0 I Sir F. Johnstone's Miriam, by Victorious-Dul cimer, 8st. 101b. (T. Cannon) _ .. 0 t Mr. J. Johnstone's brf Lent Lily, by Kosicrucian -Crucifixion, 8st. 101b. (J. Osborne) .. _ 0 t Sir W. Lethbridge's b f Tribute, by King Tom Duty, 8st- 101b. (Custance) 0 t J Mr W. B. Marshall's b f Dee, by Blair Athol Kate Dayrell, 8st 101b. (Hunt) 0 t Mr. H. M. Sanford's br f Start, by Glenelg Stamps, 8sfc 101b. (Huxtable) _ .. .. 0 t Mr. Savile's b f Gavotte, by Parmesan-Bigol boche, 8it. 101b. (J. Goater) 0 f { Mr. Trentham'e b f Mirobolante, by Macaroni Cursgoa, 8st. 101b. (C. Wood) ; 0 Duke of Westminster's b f Helena, by Cardinal York-Florence Aislabie, 8st. 101b. (F. Webb) .. 0 Lord Zetland's b f Spiegelechiff, by Speculum Flotilla, 8at. 101b. (Snowden) .. - .. 0 Betting -3 to 1 agst Palm Flower, 100 to 80 agst Lady Golightly, 8 to 1 agst Morgiana, 9 to 1 agst Helena; 100 to 7 each agst Nitocris, Plaisaate, and Miriam; 100 to 6 agst Belphoebe, 20 to 1 agst Tribute, 100 to 3 agst Lady Ronald, 10 to 1 agst Mirobolante, and 60 to 1 agBt Dee. The start was a good one, and descending the Bushes-hill they seemed all in it, bat on rising the ascent for home the three placed fought it oat under the whip, the outsider \- winning by a head, and Lady Golightly being beaten a similisr distance by Lady Ronald for eecond place. So that in my letter a couple of months ago, in which 1 gave Chamant for the Two Thousand and Lady Golightly for the One Thousand, I was very nearly bringing off the double event. As thiB leaves the CheBter Meeting is being brought to a conclusion. The Cup was run on Wednesday last, and was won by Pageant, John Day second, and Snail third. This race has sadly fallen off in interest, as a few years ago it was one of the heaviest betting races of the year, and books were open on ic months before its decision. Now it is rarely mentioned till the Saturday before the race. You will of course know the result of the Derby by wire some three weeks before you get this, but as it may be interesting to my readers to know bow the betting stood at the latest dates, I append a list of the prices offering to-day 6 to 4 agst Chamant 6 - 1 Pellegrino 9 - 1 -- Bob Boy 14 - 1 - Fontaineblean 36 - 1 Brown Prince 20 - 1 Morier 20 - 1 -- Silvio 20 - 1 Plunger 20 - 1 Tonchet 20 - 1 Monk 20 - 1 Lady Golightly 83 - 1 Hidalgo 40 - 1 Strachino. 