•,av;h:int;: Oitrdaisylay.dowu - v... J ...ja her u^e otehiRown, ' • :• 'And kissed me again and again,1 • • ' ■"* < ;>•>lo r: On foreheal and chock, ■.... . ~ - „ . OuNpa that would speak, ^But found tbomselyesshut, to their gain.' 'iU'-vji xbenfoollahj'ahsurd, ; i".Touttor.aword,. < I asked hor the question so old. ; Thatwife'and that lover Ask ovor'and over; As if thoy were surer wheu told. . , There cluso at her side "Do you lore mcf ' Icnod:1 ' She lifted her golden-crowned head. Apusaedsurprise . . Shone in her gray eyes— " Why that's wby.I kiss you,'* aho aafd. \- DiSEAEi/i's Bbpoutbk.tt-' The Times: keeps :• -aspecial*reporter for.Lord Beacons6eld,:Mr. r -Neileon, and whenever the Prime Minister may ::: be speakingthere yon- will; seo.an- old, grny < -headed man,\;with gold-rimmed spectacles, witlv his note-book;and pencil. ' He;is one .of the •vbest shorthand writers in the) gallery; and it :j is a remarkable fact-that this very ' gentleman .'••has- taken'* every, speech,-or, almost every r.ispecch, that Lord Beaconsfieldhas made in or \- out of the House of Commons. He took Mr. . Disraeli's maiden speech in the House of Com mons, and-Mr. Disraeli was so pleased with the -<iainiess and accuracy that, if you may credit the' (tradition; he called the next morning in Print-' -•'inghouse Square to see and thank the reporter. :iIf ever !•come to the eminenco I hope to . reach," said Mr. Disraeli, shaking hands with • Mr. Neilson, " l ean only hope that I shallbe • •as well reportod as youVhave reported mo ■to-day.'* Mr. Disraeli has had bis wish doubly. ;. He ihas reached tho eminence he hoped - to • reach, tho highest and proudest position that an ■'Englishman can hold, and in that position tho < Earl of' -Beaconsfield. has ' tho': gratification • of being44 taken" by the reporter .who,; forty •years ago, "took" the maiden speech of "iVivian Grey" in the House of Commons. ^' ^SciESCE^Asn) the Stage.—Tho London cor . respondent of a Liverpool daily writes:." Paris _ ion theatrical folk, like English clergymen, are _ inclined1 to 'sneer at. science. ; What, they are 'aakihg,has science done for tho stage? and \'the'JansweY is, nothing worth baring. The ;Pansian people dcclaro that the scientists have 'invented for them only two things—the oxy •hydrigen light' and "Pepper's Ghost." That "last; having ceased to bewilder Londoners, is praised as a great achievement, and they "proudly tell how Fechter discovered the secret. He saw that things upon tho stage were reflected with the ghost, and, challenging Prof. Pepper '.with his theory, was admitted to the whole secret.'"The amusing part' of all this gossip, however, is that' Pepper's Ghost' is how never seen on the stage, and the difficulty of realizing & ghost is still one of the unsolved problems which perplex theatrical managers. Nothing could ho much worso than tho ghost which wo have1 had in London lately. One atrocious imitation was of gloss, and was so poor that ..the people laughed. Another was a painted .'cud-board, and at lost a peculiarly dressed man' 'came on in the flesh. Here is a chance for • materializing mediums!' If they can: only train their spirits, the ghostof EamU?* father may actually make ejujh particular hair to, stand' on end evory night." 