TALES AND SKETCHES. '-"A Plash.' of Lightning. The belle „of Pawpaw (a secluded American c village) iwas Rose Unwin; She was- the daughter of the richest man in the place, and the prettiest girl far for miles atound. She cdunted her beaux by twenties, and could have married any one df tliem if she would. Some, of- these' lovers had given up the chase in despair, and had fallen in love with other girls and married them. Sotrie still bided thfeir time ; ainong them TiVarren Lawrence, the miller's son. -The miller was an bid man, tr-ho had mjtde money-^it friend ot Rose Unwin's lather; It ivas said tlAt Wan-en had ewom that no one save himself should marry Rose Unwin, that the life bf any bne who should " cut him Out" would not be eafe for an,hour; and manv be- -ieved it. Rose only laughed at the tale; Bui -one day the clergyman's nephew came fi-om-MassachuSetts to visit him. Cliarles Dorset was not handsomer than fnany of themfen who woed htr: he was by no cleans -o large. He was a Scholar]y tnari.- prematurely bald, and with a mild, quiet, and -gentlemanly lace. . But she had never seen any.tme like him before, and be fascinated her. No_ one else suspected ite truth, ut it' was so. . ROBO no longer said hat no wan could winiiBr heart She new that one li&^ ^on it £tall «hd irted, rode, danced,=wjthtill «ave that ne j still ehe hud glances that net 'ijn's hfen-tr - <\- z 1 S t lniii.'d tin-.-i; t!'citfh :, r.j iin; but whea he sat fcfAide r !iar her eyes nought the ground, and her cheek flushed, and her voice was silent. —One evening, when the moon was high over Pawpaw, the old fanner took : his evening uap on the broad .-lounge, -and Rose alia Charles Dorset were alone upon the broad, veranda. What haA been eaii) by Charles before this silence had fallen upon them had eit Rosa's heart beating wildly. He had spoken of leaving 'the place, of going away from Eawpaw. Now he leaned, towards her, and looked intently into lier. face, bhe knew tliiM. his eyes were upon her,but she did not lift hers. As they sat thus, some one tame along the: path that- led from the other side • W 'the house, and stood motionless in ; the shadow of the tieds, watching "them.. - It was Warren Lawrence. .. " The outrageous flirt f he said to himself; how she leads that parson fellow It.would be fun to hear %in get his dismissal, and see how he'd j \- .1 j 1"v 1.. Jikwnlr lm Imb n ft'ionna Stake It. Does he think he liaB a chance "with her ?" ' Just then the "parson fellow put lis ifatfd on the. girl's arm. . . *.' Rose, wheu I go h%nce, will you go %ith,'me ? I loVe yOu Very dearly. I will.iib all I can to iliake 'you hippy. ' Wsirren tjawrence lieard no answer, but,.'iii 'a [inouient liipA, he saw Rose's head, lying on .Charles Dorsett's shoulder. • He' could not believe his 'S ;nseS. f He stared in silence.' He saw 'the ih'an shower kisses, on the fair •'.young 'face., fie, heard-words of en- :"djarment pass between them, and still •'fancied himself in a dream. H6 sit down on a fallal tree'not far 'from the farmhouse,and tried to th'ink, • but thought'deserted niiu. 'Reason fled. Blind jealous}-, led by blind pas- 'sori,'took po^essioii dfhis'soul; for -the time being he was a maniac. For a long while he sat tiius, grinding his teeth and muttering threats between them. Low mutterings Vrose. The wind'began'to jii'ay pianks with" the scattered leaves, ami to toss 'the branches about overhead. Soon the thunder rattled overhead. The •moon was blotted out, and only the bright lightning flashes Jit tthe scene. Prudent "people hail made the best of. "their -way home, and some belated -pedestrian was hurrying along past the place where the young man sat. He culi'e u'/th a pert, light step, and whistled as he ran. Instirct told- -Warren Lawrence who it was. It was Charles Dorset going hoihe to the par- 's mag<\ .. . . He saw "the slender form, a -mere black shadow in the greyer darkness ; 'and remeittbeiing how lie had seen' • Hose's head upon ijs shoulder, he gi'ew mad with fury. He lifted the rifle to liis shoulder, and took aim aiid tired. At that moment a flash of liglitining.such as lie had never seen before, illuminated the sky. The figure 'on ; ihe rpad had turned, clasped its hand "to its heart, aud fallefi. oft Its face, 'and Warren Lawrence had been flung for- 'ward upon the ground insensible. The rain poured <3o\Vn with a fury impossible to describe. It brought Lawrence to his senses, -'and enabled him, after awhile, to stag- = ger home. Bilt at dawn, some farmer, "early on the road, found Charles Dorset lying dead, shot through the back 'of the head in a most horrible manner. He had iiot an enemy -upon earth as 'far. as was kiiown. No one guessed -that he 'had been a suitor of Rose Unwin, Or that.she had favored him. Suspicion could not rest upon Warl-ehXtovrence—upon any one. Those to whom Charles Dorset *wias '•deaJT bore their' grief as best as they "could. ' His. bethrothed., suffered in silonde. Xinly.'pne. ,man fcttew tier grief—the man who had caufeed it. • Weeks passed—months g'ided Vy The sod grew green,above the murdered jirian's grave, and his murderer was wooing the .woman who had loved him with all the power that was in him. She. was changed and saddened, but • jShe.was.a woman still, and young. By degress she yielded to his entreatie^, apdj at last promised io be his 'wife. .Biit/iwhen. she had })ledg£d herself, the was move sorrowful than before. A love like this was but. a mockery of that sweet feeling she had once experienced ; and she sobbed herself asleep that night, thinking of Charles D irset. r» , She thought lie came to her bedsidej and knelt down there ; that he took her hand, and held it in his own ; •• "and though she'knew he was no living man,'but a spirit, that she had no lear •'o' him. y, " 1 have come to warn you," he said. ; Do you remember, how, it stotmed "that ! night—the night 1 died 1 ' Do you remember thelastflafih of lightning • . Then eveiy particular of the Worm \- fleemdd to fctarajo tier memory. : . look'at the oak," tie eaiff—** the old oak at llie'liead df the long road. Look at that before you marry Warren lisa- wrencs." . -Look at the old oak tree! Within ^ight of it her lover had been shot dead. The oak tree itself .had been smitten.. Was there some proof by which the murderer could be traced lingering about that tree. in the bright dawn of the early June ;day which followed this dreamfilled night, Rose Unwin took her way to the spot indicated by the vision. Ever since that fatal night ten months before she . liad avoided this road. Now, for the fiist time she trod it. Green and fresh as ever stood this oak on one side. The other WAS dead and scared. That horrible flush of lightning had splintered it and cut away a long smooth slab on oue side of the trunk. " But why am I sehl her6 V asked Rose of herself. " What can 1 gain by this sight—I, who have never forgotten —who will never forget ?" As she spoke She approached the tiee and placed her hand upon it. Her eye's lested on 'the side of the tree over which the lightning had passefL It waa bereft "of bnfk and .. . . . • comparatively flat and sniooth. Had some one been drawing iipon it? What was this ? Her heart gave one wild bound, and then St6oil still; a Cold moisture bedewed her forehead, and tor amo'nent she was dum-. and motionless. For this is what she 'saw upon: • the -tree;. "A photograph of Warren Lawrence, with his ride lifted to his shoulder. ' Gazing upon it, any ordinarily intelligent observer, .would have said : The man is about to commit a murder, and as her eyes told her this, Rose knew, as well as though she had been a witness of the awful deed., that Warren Lawrence had killed Charles Dorset. An hour aftsr she stood ghost-like and pallid Lesi le liiin, and bade him follow JUT. She led linn wandering to the - great oik, and-pointed, with her trembling linger, to that which she had seen upon it. " You knew of our luve. You laid in waiit for liiiii. Yuu slew him," she said. " 1 am a woman, and 1 do not thirst "for your blood, hut we cannot breathe the sams air. i give you twun'ty-tbur lii.ur.s before 1 make your crinic known. After that I ai'ousethe place." 'And the ni'ah who listened only looked wildly ;>t the strange nieuiorial of his aWt'iil deed, .-ind with a honor of he knew not wl.at upon him, tied from the fearful sight, and left the town for ever. The majority of the Pawpawians viewed tiie thing in a supernatural light, aud the luad of the lung road rejoiced in a gh wily i-.-putatiou tomany months. At last, however, the photograph laded. Byciute observation oue could make out marks that might be resolved into the figure of a Sportsman taking aim at soinethfng, just as cracks in old whitewash or the embers of a fire limy be by any imaginative perSofi. And the wise men of rawpaw are inclined to think that Rose saw no more, but that the intuition coinino.i to women led her V>y degrees to the truth and to her denunciation ofyOung Lawrence. As for the women, they have taken the artistic jjiost to their heart, and refuse to part froai him. teetotaller, and being a seatholder among the Wesleyans, aud intimate for a long time with the Independents, he tells me he told a rich Independent that money could buy them all. lu replying to my brother on this part of his letter, my mind was strongly inipre-sed with a recollection of what William Howilt, the Quaker, sayij'in his History of Priestcraft about the drinkingliabits of T«R. OLD MAN OF"~THE CHORCH, and knowing, from. niy intimacy witii several of the family, that William U'owittWHS not a teetotaller, I of course knew that his strong language must carry gr-}at weight with it. I therefore got up and looked for the book, and louud it stronger, than I thought of, and wrote -down Wliat lie says to my brother. What \V. H. say's about the Old Man of the Church is founded on the story of Sinbad the Sailor, who in a desert island had an awkward adventure with a strange creature, the Old Mail of the Sea, who made a complete slave of him night and, day, until he contrived to ferment the juice pf grapes, with which lie made the .Old Man fco ilrtlnk that he got free from his power, and .Crushed his head with a stone : upon which \V. Ii. proceeds to say that the case of poor.hu man nature has been infinitely woree than the case of Sinbad, though it was bad enough ^ for the " Old; Man of the Ghufdli, 3 ' be says, has " l'iddeii on the shoulders of humanity, froifl age toiagealid from laii'd to laud, and, set ut defiance ali ehdeav'ourii to dislodge hiui. Unlike the Old Man of the Sea, whose best beverage was a brook, he is too well inured to strong drinks to be readily overcome by them , lie is oue of those drinkers called deep-stomached and strong-headed, who sit out all guests, dare and bare ail spirituous potations, and laugh in invulnerable comfort 'oVei' tne intoxication of the prostrated multitude : and wliat wonder 1 His seat has ever been at the boards of i>ruices : the most sparkling cup has not passed him by untasted ; the most fiery fluid has not'daunted him ; he has deceived the vintages reserved solely for kings aud their favorites ; and ttiough there was blood in it, he haS iiOt blanched ; the teal's of misery dropped into it could riot render it too bitter, the bloody sweat of despair too poisonous; though the sound of battle was in his ears, he ceased not to grasp the (liigon.—it was music •;—though martys burned before liim, and the very glow of their iires eiune strongly upon liim, yet he interrupted not liis carouse, Imt only cooled more gratefully his wine. He has quaffed the j nice of all vines, and ]n'esided at the festivities of all nations.'' Such is the deep, curing language of a Quaker who made no prji'eesion ofTe'eiotalisiu. But a few days after copying this for m v bro'her, I met with a serninn preached in the parish Church of Scarborough, in Yorkshire, by William Keane, M.A., Incumbent of WliiUiy, and fioniestic Chaplain t)f the Marquis Conynghom, and lately Canon' of Calcelta Uutliijdral—dedicated by permission to the Right Hpiiorahle Lo:d Brongharn. And this distinguished, good clei'gyman, Rafter recapitulating what the Legislature had done to prevent the immoderjte use of drunken liquors—by taxes of various kinds, and restrictions, aud Such impositions as uohody hut puWicSms would submit to, and yet all in vain—he goes on in tlie tfiflst biotherly niauner to his ••• beloved brethren iu the Muiistry,"—and itis •o an'iusing that persons who are addicted o bad practices are so frightened "of being alked about, that if they can't'stop people Irom talking, they will constantly charge theui to iniild and speak in lave, and hot get into a passion, us the lawyers would say, but l;eep a Christian temper,—so this clergyman gives it to them veiy weightily n ihtii <iifk »(, With only one i«. rrl, in the true style of love and kindness, aud if it were not that the matter is so very serious, it would be truly laughable. (7i be concluded 'ii our next.) 