Proclamation of Neutrality. I have, &c.;, DERBY. THE proclamation by her Majesty the Queen, in relation to the war between Russia and Turkey, enjoining her subjects to maintain neutrality, has been published in the Government Qtuette of Victoria. Accompanying it is a de ■patch from Lord Carnarvon, enclosing a copy of * letter from tho Earl of Derby to the Admi ralty, in which her Majesty's pleasure is made known. The rules set forth in Lord Derby's letter are to be put in force in six days after the publication in the Oautte. The following is Lord Derby's letter of instructions :— The Earl of Derby to the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty. Foreign Office, April 30.1877. My Lords,—Her Majesty being fully deter mined to observe the duties of neutrality during the existing state of war between the Emperor of all the Russias and the Emperor of the Otto mans, and being moreover resolved to prevent, as far as possible, the uae of her Majesty's terri torial jurisdiction, in aid of the warlike purposes of either belligerent, has commanded me to com* municate to your lordships, for your guidance, the following rules, which are to be treated and enforced as her Majesty's orders and directions: Her Majesty is pleased further to command that these rules shall be put in force in the United Kingdom, the Isle of Man, and the Channel Islands, on and after the sth of May instant, and in her Majesty's territories and pos sessions beyond the seas six days after the Governor, or other chief authority of each of such territories or possessions respectively shall have notified and published the same, stating in such notification that the said rules are to be obeyed by all persons within the same territories and possessions. 1\. During the continuance of the present state of war, all ships of war of either belliger ent are prohibited from making use of any port or roadstead in the United Kingdom, the Isle of Man, or the Channel Islands, or in any of her Majesty's colonies or foreign possessions or de pendencies, or of any waters subject to the terri torial jurisdiction of the British Crown, as a sta tion or place of resort for any warlike purpose, or for the purpose of obtaining any facilities of war like equipment; and no ship of war of either belligerent shall hereafter be permitted to sail out of or leave any port, roadstead, or waters subject to British jurisdiction, from which any vessel of the other belligerent (whether the same shall be a ship of war or a merchant ship) shall have previously departed, until after the expira tion of at least twenty-four hours from the de parture of such last-mentioned vessel beyond the territorial jurisdiction of ber Majesty. 2\. If any ship of war of either belligerent shall, after the time when this order shall be first notified and put in force in the United Kingdom, the Isle of Man, the Channel Islands, and in the several colonies and foreign possessions and dependencies of her Majeety respectively, enter any port, roadstead, or waters belonging to her Majesty, either in the United Kiugdom, the Isle pt Man, or the Channel Islands, or in any of her Majesty's colonies or foreign possessions or depen dencies, auch vessel shall he required to depart, and to put to sea within twenty-four hours after her entrance into auch port, roadstead, or waters, except in case of stress of weather, or of her requiring provisions or things necessary for the subsistence of her crew, or repairs, in either of which cases the authorities of the port, or of the nearest port (as the case may be), shall require her to put to sea aa Boon aa possible after the expiration of such period of twenty- four hours, without permitting her to take in supplies beyond what may be necessary for her imme diate use ; and no such vessel whioh may have been allowed to remain within Britiah waters for the purpose of repair shall continue in any such port, roadstead, or waters for a longer period than twenty-four hours after her necessary repairs shall have been completed. Provided, nevertheless, that in all oases in whioh there shall be any vessel (whether ships of war or merchant ships) of the said belli gerent parties in the same port, road atead, or waters within the territorial juris diction of her Majesty, there shall be an interval of no less than twenty-four hours be tween the departure therefrom of any suoh vessel (whether a ship of war or merchant ship) of the one belligerent, and the subsequent de parture therefrom of any ship of war of the other belligerent; and the time thereby limited for the departure of such ships of war respec tively shall always, in case of necessity, be ex tended so far aa may be requisite for giving effect to this proviso, but no further or other wise. 3\. No ship of war of either belligerent shall hereafter be permitted, while in any port, road atead, or waters subject to the territorial juris diction of her Majesty, to take in supplies ex cept provisions and such other things as may be requisite for the subsistence of her orew, and except so much coal only aa may be sufficient to carry suoh vessel to the nearest port of her own country, or to some nearer destination ; and no coal shall again be supplied to any such ship of war in the same or any other port, roadstead, or waters subject to the territorial jurisdiction of her Majesty, without special permission, until after the expiration of three montha from the time when such coal may have been last sup plied to her within British waters aa aforesaid. 4\. Armed ships of either party are interdicted from carrying prises made by them into the porta, harbors, roadsteada, or waters of the United Kingdom, the Isle of Man, the Channel Islands, or of hercolonies ors any aesMona abroad.— Ocoboi Augustus Sala, writing to ThilUut trakd London News, says:— M The bodies of some 8600 Englishmen moulder peacefully in this (Scutari) graveyard. I fancy that the remembrance of their deaths might moderate the frenzy of the politicians who seem bent on hounding England on to a fresh war with Russia. Surely those politicians must be mainly young men, or they must have very short memories. I remember the episodes of the Crimean war as though they had happened yesterday, for then, as now, I was earning my daily bread by litera ture and journalism, and the war brought me every day fresh materials for my pen. I was within an aoe in 1856 of going to Sebastopol, but I went to Russia instead. Can you not recall, you who are middle-aged, and whose memories are good, those two miserable years between the fight at the Alma and the fall of the Malakoff! Do you remember the Ghost's Derby day in 1855 ? Do you remember when, on the cliff at Brighton and the Marine at 8t Leonard's, you could scarcely walk ten paces without meeting groups of ladies and children clad in deepest mourning for their fathers, hus bands, brothers, sweethearts, slain in that wretched Chersonese, or who had sickened and died in the cheerless wards of the Scutari Hospi tal! Are we to have those years of private agony and bereavement, of public blundering and mismanagement, over again! I suppose so; glory is a very fine thing. lam only a ptkin, a civilian, and I know nothing about glory ; but I confess that my blood grows cold, and that my heart siokens when I hear politi cians pertly prating about the ' arbitrament of the sword,' and ' war clearing the atmosphere,' and so forth. I never met Glory yet, and I don't know what he or she is like; but I have met War face to face half-a-dozen times in as many countries. I have looked into the whites, or rather the crimsons of his eyes, and I have gazed upon the Sisters who follow him where* soever he goes. They are three sisters, and their names are 'Rapine,' and 'Disease,' and 1 Death.' This is, of course, a miserably craven and spiritless way of looking at War. I cannot help it I have seen only War's madness and wickedness, its foulness and squalor. To me it has represented nothing but robbery and profli gacy, but famine and slaughter; and I can but think that if the warlike politicians were to wit ness just half-an-hour of actual warfare as I have witnessed it in America, in Italy, in Mexico, in France, in Spain, their martial ardor would 000 l down a little, and they would not bo quite so prompt to blow the bellicose trumpet" An English paper says :—" A circumstance which rarely occurn, if indeed anyone of a simi lar nature has ever transpired before, became too painfully evident recently. Human remains found in a car of a balloon i How suggestive of physical suffering and deprivation—the end of which was death. The facts are significant enough. On the coast of Ireland the torn and tattered vestiges of a balloon have just been found. In the car were bones, which formed a perfect human skeleton, and a leather travelling bag, in a very bad condition, containing papers so deteriorated by the wet that the writing could not be deciphered. Without doubt the balloon was the one in which Price ascended during the siege of Paris, this being the only one that was not accounted for. How the ill-fated aeronaut met with his death it is not possible to say. No bones were fractured, and it is therefore natural to suppose that he had not perished in his descent, neither could he have been alive upon reaching the earth, as he, most assuredly, would not have remained in the car. Whether he had been rendered insensible by the too rapid escape of gas, or had died from natural cause*, it knot easy to determine.' 