THE BIBLE READINGS. -* TO THE EDITOR OF THE HERALD, I SIR-As you have permitted the Rev. Dr. Barry -fo very freely use my name, with very considerable misrepresenta- tion in his last two letters relative to the lesson books, I trust, you will allow me to reply. When Dr. Barry wrote me, as he said, " without pre Jurhce," to ask me if I knew of any passages in these books taken from the Douay version, I hastily replied, " The author says, The translation has been made by a comparison of the authorised and Douay versions with the original. The language sometimes of the one, and sometimes of the other.' This fact occurs through all the books." Now, Sir, I intended this reply to Dr. Barry the very opposite to what he has represented me in his letters. By this my reply, J intended Dr. Barry to understand that by the author's own testimony the book? contained language from the Douay, to which I, am Protestant parent, object, and against which I - protest. Is it right for Dr. Barry to represent me as unable to find any objections to these little books ? I think Dr. Barry has very unfairly used my letter to him. Had I not have supposed that this witness of the author of the books would have been sufficient for Dr. Barry, I should have pointed out to him the fact that I object to them. Firstly. Because they are so limited. There is nothing of Matthew Mark, or John, only Lillee is in them of the Gospels. Other like great and sad omissions are evident everywhere in them. But the author says, " These selections are offered not as a substitute for the Sacred. Volume." With this I fully . agree, and think it strange that such a professed lover of the Bible us Dr. Barry should wish to substitute these little things for the Word of God. Secondly. I would have pointed out to him the fact that those parts of the Bible which describe some great delusion, of which the Spirit speaks expressly, and against which he ' 'J, warns thehumnnTaee, are carefully omitted. is the great Protestant, Dr. Barry, prepared to forego all this express speaking of the Spirit to the children of this colony? It seems to be so, and, if so, I view him as a very different! person to the former Dr. Barry, to whom, I was related in the family of Enoch. But whilst I old not to the 30 books on account of these sad omissions, let it be fully understood I wish no interpreta- tions of any class of men upon these empress speaking of the Spirit. No, all I ask is, that they he lead by the children, and left entirely to God and three children, as to who, or what, the delusion is, of which the Holy Ghost would have them beware. Give this to my children in our Public schools and I am, content, and fear no consequences on my side ; but I protest against withholding this bread from them. Thirdly. Dr. Barry knows very well that I, with thousands of other parents in this colony, object to these books, because the corrupt notes upon those passages which especially point out the lines that has ever been always between the religion to which our coronation oath unites our Tin one and that the Church of Rome, make the Roman and Reformation meanings to be the same, by which that dividing line is entirely removed Dr. Barry knows that we have referred again and again to Genesis iii. 16, where we have volumes of learned writings on both sides, as to whether it should be " She," " It," on "He." The one. class of writers get the Virgin Mary, and her subjugation of the evil one, from this-text; the other class of winters hold that- Christ is intended, and that victory over SuED. This last is the sense related to the Queen's oath, and is the true meaning of the text ; therefore the note which attempts to make these two opposite! meanings synonymous is an.inndinissibIo monstrosity. The same thing appears in- Acts ii. 38., upon the word " Repent," which is made-by a letter to mean the same as the words Be penance." Now, D?. Barry well known and three-fourths of the parents.' of this; colony well known that between the meanings of these two words runs thus dividing line of the Reformation. If little line is removed,! the Reformation is IUOYQ. By substituting these little books for the' S^o^^iSmo., contrary to the intention of the authori'jiu^iy^^jgfoecinion, Dr. Barry foregoes the whole question oX- ítiJP Reformation, and becomes entirely regardless of the nature of the coronation oath relative to the Queen's subjects, in our Public schools. This oath of the Queen, I thought Dr. Barry,' as well as myself, was bound to respect in all things. Now, Sir, as Dr. Barry knew these were some of the objections I had to those small hooks', I think it was unfair for him to representive as unable to find any such objections. Dr. Barry's reference to my " book help " was incorrect and rather unkind. F never stated' that I could not point out defects in the lesson books by such means, neither' should I ever have named testament for his oracle insinuating that I had no such assistance. as Trusting you will thus permit me to set myself right before the public, as I have stated at all our public meetings the opposite to what Dr. Barry has represented me in both his letters relative to these books, and thanking you this public JUPÍ.As, E J. remain, Sir, yours faithfully, a 2 r t. m DANIEL ALLEN, Pastor. Sydney, March 19 A ' """". -?? _ 