INTERCOLONIAL. NEW' sooth; wales.; ; [By Electric Teleou*pii.] [FliOM ODltTOWN' ;rorillK3l?ONnT5NT.] November 3. Six thonsnnu- pnuncis wur oe. sent by .the Torres [Strain Mail steamer Somerset, which leaves hero to:day/for tlib relief of the aufferera by the Indianinmine. A"child seven yciirs.of ape, named. Hyan, was found' ihaehmble^ neaf the . residence 'of iU parents at CamdcTi.1.' There were n .number of snake bitc^visible upon it, and ,when: fhund it rallied for a few raomenta after treatment, and muttered aomethinp about " snnVe/' aiid then expired. The great pedestrian match^ between Carver and Prentice, for ^100, jter two^hnpdred yards, has come off.,. Prentice was.the' favourite, but Carver won cnrily£ It is atated" that Bennett, ithe theatrical proprietor, and ft member. of the Hill family , are :the , prime . movers in < pro secuting the Hancock will .forgers,;, they having brought forward'thc firstnrid legitimate will for £25,000.? It ia said that they wiU make a large snm out of the transaction. Mr. Jenkins, the squatter, has been rejected for Wellington., His opponent, Mr. Shepherd, waB, brought forward fby ,the selectors and miners. : Mr. Shepherd is a thorough Free- trader. The ship Prank Marion, from . New York; has a considerable portion of her general cargo for Brisbane. At the Presbyterian Conference, the reports were, generally satisfactory, more especially. with; respect to church extension and the Sun day schools in connection with the various churches. A petition to Her Majesty the Qneen, advocating the annexation of the New Hebrides, was adopted by the Conference. A New Caledonian paper .reports that, the 24tiTanniver8ary;of the colony has been cele brated. Th o, celebration; extended: over,three days. The rejoicings' commenced on the 24th, and all the English vessels jnharbour joined in the affair. Maize,has ndvanccd .to three shillings and seveupencc .to three, shillings, and- eightpence per bushel.. ,.The demand for! the country and Qneehsland.teincrearing. Snwbrv, November 5; There-was a colIisioaTon^the'railway this morning by",which- several passengers were1 injured and some carriages damaged. Slr.;Abbott; .one :of7thu ;late -cross-bench; party. has. beeu-.defentedfor Tehterfield,' Mr. Dillon; a ', barrister, having- been returned for that electorate. The«body of a- stonemasont named'Michaol: Macnamara has been found in Darling Harbour ; It is supposed that the deceased . wasvacciden- tally drowned. Elizabeth-Hilton, Jthe wife of a shoemakerat Camperdown; has committed suicide' by jump iuginto a well. A boy^ natned Benjamin Solomon 'was drowned in Cook's Kiver on Saturdoy The :Tasmanian crew,, to* compete in the forthcoming -Balmain. regatta;'* were [ escorted round the harbour oh Saturday. V- t-2 p.m'., November 5. The-Ly-ee-Moon/a., took* fire/at I o'clock yesterday morning. The' wholefof the mid ships seotion was. gutted, and there was much destruction . forward.1. Tlie total 'damage -is estimated-at £5j000. The barqueWitch of the Wave has been lost on the Solomon Islands. :The crew were saved, The vessel ijnd capgo wpre valued qt £3,Q00und ; Wpre inured. Thp Tasmanian crew are likoly to row a good race at the Balmain Kcgutta. An American barque from Neiw York is off the Heads. iur. rope, the actor; complains bitterly of the treatment he has received at'the hands of:the critic of1 tlisS. Jlf. Herald. He has had a bad season. Pilot M'Lean was terribly crushed at New castle on Saturday; while assisting: to moor the ship Bromby. A man named John Sarah died yesterday at Bullock Island, after a' few hours' illness, supposed to have been cholora. — The. Hon: George Allen, M.L.C., died on Saturday. Novombor 5,p.m. "Pegasus" .sends the following from Mel- bourne :r-The latest-favourite for the Cup is Chester; On Saturday highV 1m was in extra ordinarydemand, leaving olf at 6 to 1. This horse won theDerby so easily, that spnrtingmen think theru ia nothing to heat him if he be . allowed to "do hi* best. Woodlands and Robin son Crusoe are riot," however, thrown en tirely overbonrdp-as'somo of" the know ing ones still consider, them safe enough. A few ' fancy the Vagabond since Saturday. As Chester can beat Crusoe at evpq weights, the old horses can have but a . ppor chance of winning. Amendment lmd no show in the.Derby, but ho never liked a big weight and will perforin much better for the The Sydney horses are all woll excepting only Irish Stew, who pulled * , up lame after his last galop^ and is not likely to start. Amend ment mn unkindly on Saturday. "Pegasus" says lie still-expects the three year olds to-furnish the placed lot, and his absolute winner is Chester, tho only one with a ghost of a chance of beating him being Wood lands, who most likely will comoiu second, fol lowed by Savanuku. Tliere was great oxcitcment in Sydney on Saturday over the Derby; the running for which was considered most satisfactory. All the money ut 5 and C to 1 on Chester is rapidly taken. ' Sydnby, November 6, 2 p.m. Arperson has come forward who states that the lunatic Crossweil is .Sir Rogor> Tiohborhe, and that he lias known him for fifteen years in New South Wipes'. ' lie snya that a pino bear jug' Roger Tifibborno's initials, by which tho claimant .hoped -to establish: his .case, was • .CresBWfeirB,: "who cut the initials. Crewsell's photograph shows him to he a rather old man with sunken eyes. He is said to hesurly anil his appearance does not answer to that of ;either Castro or Ticbborne. » Though rough as regards his exterior he is -of gentlemanly de tmcanour, and has aigentleman's hand. His eyes are" light blue and his features regular. Sir John Robertson lias been returned for East Macqnarie and Mudgre It is gener ally believed; that he-will have a majority at -his hack in .Parliament, notwithstanding that many.of his former supporters have announced their intention of sitting on the cross benches. Host of the candidates for Parliament have declared against land auction sales, Mr. Barbour has been elected for the Mtir. ray,. beating the squatting candidate. " Mr. Barbour is described as a''Berry's man." Only three more elections remain' to be de cided. Sir Henry. Parkes and Sir John Robertson contest'the Bogan—the one in the interest of the squatters, and the other in that of the free selectors.. If - eleoted by this constituency they propose to sit for it in 'preference to any other for which they have been or may be elected. The action—Donaldson v. Marsh, Rquattcrs in the.Armidale district—in which the damages are laid- at £5,000 for false imprisonment, bos commenced. The action of Mr. Kreft, late curator of the Sydney Museum,' against the trustees of that institution for. wrongful dismissal,, has been commenced. The evidence in the inquest on .the boy 'Benjamin Solomon, who was drownedin Cook s River, shows that he loBt his life in'a brave attempt .to:save that: of his brother, who had fallen into the river. -The market for colonial;produce :shows a continued advance in prices. 2.40p.mi Tremendous. interest' is evinced in the Mel bourne races. The Sydney horses were backed heavily last night. The import markets are quiet, awaiting the' arrival.of ad vices, by the'mail, whichia-ex pected on Thursday. The market is firm for tinned fish.-.:: Halves rind quarters sardines - are active,and salmon* is;, more firmly held. {There is au .improved demand pfor'dried fruits. Currants are 5 Jd. Raisins are in large ! supply, hut ^prices are. unaltered.Figs r— I scarce. p. (i ' ... p.p.-. :. !,... ; . Di fencing, wire, sales have, taken- place at I'low rates, No. 10 beiog quoted at £15 10s. Galvanised iron has improved.;.. . . .Tin plates are firmer. ; Kerosine ; is depressed,; and - will remain..so until the destination of the recent large arrival, from Hew York is decided on.-., The market is overstocked. There is a better enquiry for salt. There have been considerable sales of second brands of brandy in bulk, at" from 7s. to 7s. 3d. per case. The best brands are quoted at 9s. i The weather is warm. p : „Y Y 2.30 p m. November 7. The Torres Straits mail steamer Brisbane has arrived. An. enquiry is to.be held to-morrow.into the circumstances attending, the fire on hoard the Ly-ee'-Moon* steamer, and. which are con sidered mysterious. It is .reported that.the fastest steamer in the port was, on Saturday night. last, ordered by a mercantile firm to be got ready for, sea by daylight next morning.? ThecoaU.were taken on board; for a passage of a thousand and fifty miles, which is about the distance to Auckland! It is said that she left under sealed orders.with only, one gentleman on hoard who is supposed to be a defaulter for a lurge amount. The whole,affair is shrouded in mystery, . and has given rise * to unpleasant rumours in mercantile circles in this city. It is considered almost certain, .that one fnilnre taking place at the present time in the flour trade, most be followed by others. The principal Btockowners and importers have held a meeting respecting the importation of stock from the. United Kingdom. , Resolu tions were passed affirming that the importation of stock can' well be carried out under quaran tine without any danger. Prompt steps are to he taken to give effect to this opinion. Sydney, November 7, 4.30 p.m. Messrs. .Barnard and Hinton; who are engaged in the wine and spirit trade, have called a meeting of iheir creditors. The Chinese are subscribing liberally, to the Indian Famine Fund. The press censures Messrs.. PArkes and Robertson for their tactics in making some of the elections', turn on their personal quali fications. It is'believed that Slr. John Robertson will bo chosen for two electorates,' and Sir Henry Parkcsfor one. '. Both are contesting the Bogun' vigorously, though not openly, and are standing in the way of a valuable. man being returned. The; Presbyterian General Assembly doses to-night. The results'.of the sittings are con sidered satisfactory., The Ice Company are how supplying 400 gallons of ice daily/ They contemplate an ex tension of their operation^ A very influential. commission . has - been chosen to manage the 'New 8outh Wales De partment at the Paris Exhibition. At a large meeting of squatters, held to-dav, the opinion of the Chief Inspector of Stock, that atock'could, now be safelv imported, and that a month's quarantine would be sufficient for all purposes of safety, was endorsed. A large number of most brilliant meteors were seen in the sky, to the northwards, last night. They extended over many miles. The Press severely castigate the Government for undorhand work in connoctioq with tbe elections. They are charged with making a liberal use of the topograph wire. It is asserted that a telegram from Sir John. Robertson, declining to stand for the Claronco, was followod by another from the Postmaster General, urging his (Sir John's) eleotion, who, tho telegram said, would sit if elected, and that his election-was of vital importance. It iB generally understood that the telegraph wires were very liberally used for the purpose of deception. Sir John Robertson has issued a jubilant ad dress to the olectors of East Macquarie. The Bon. George Allen was buried to-day. The funeral was largely attended. The Builders'and Contractors' Picnic, which took place yesterday, was very largely attended and was a great success. November 8. In explanation of the mysterious affair talked of'in commercial circles, and in which the fastest steamer in port was chartered for a voyage, it is stated that when the telegram from London reached Sydney announcing that the Bank of Now Caledonia had suspended pay ment, . their scrip went down. to a mere nominal' price. Some speculators, .however, bought it up extensively and chartered the first stoamer in the hopes of arriving at Noumea be fore the news of the failure became known there. If tbey are successful in this attempt tbev will clear many thousands of pounds by the speculation. The formal decision of stockowners as to the question of admitting stock into the ^ colony from the United Kingdom subject to strict quarantine regulations was postponed, although the feeling was almost unanimously in favour of allowing their introduction. The veterinary surgeons ure divided in their opinions on the matter. It iB expected that the Sydney crew will win the Intercolonial race at the Balmain Regatta to-morrow, although the contest will be severe. The Wentworth, Edina, and R.M.S. Bris bane, have arrived .from Brisbane; the ship Darling Downs, fro'm.London, and the James Paterson, from Kockhampton. The elections are still the all-absorbing topic. The number, of places Messrs^ Parkes and Robertson have been put up for has been quite bewildering to the senses. There is one thing quite certain, they cannot sit for more than < electorate. . Messrs. -William Macleay, F.L.S.; Mr. Edward Butler, Q.C.; Mr. G. W. Lord, and Mr. George Thornton, have been nominated to the' Legislative Council, and have accepted seats. The following account of the new'railway carriages - imported fromAmerica is from the Herald.:—Two of the three railway, carriages imported from America have now been put to work on. the suburban lines. They have been running for two days, and are very highly spoken of by the passengers who hare travelled in them. ' In an economical point of view, it is no doubt creditable to the Government to maVe the most of the rolling-stock they have got, but that does not alter the fact that the miser able little composite carriages now so largely used are altogether behind the times, and should be superseded by something better as speedily as possible. Whenrailways were first constructed" in New South Wales, about a quarter of a century ago, these little carriages may have suited the then extremely limited re quirements of the travelling public, and may have been exactly similar to the orthodox English carriage of the period. Since then, how ever, the railway companies of England have provided longer and more comfortable carriages; but, while all the world has been progressing, New South Wales—or rather its Railway Department—has made little progress. " Hon possumui' seems to be the motto of that immovable institution. Twenty years ago, the Engineer-in-Chtef recommended the Go vernment to bring' the railwav into Svdnev. The number of passengers has increased, despite the tardiness of the official pace, from hundreds to hundreds of thousands; but the terminus is still at Bedfern. Members of Par* liament and Ministers of the Crown have at length come to admit that a forward movement necessary; hut, while tho public patiently submit , to suffer in silence, we very much doubt whether the faith of those eminent individuals is vital enough to be' made evident by works. The Honourable Edward Combes travelled in one of tbe new Ameri can carriages to Orunge a few weeks ago, and he speaks in terms of high commenda tion of them. They are certainly well adapted to tbe suburban traffic, and it is a positive luxury to travel in them as compared with tho general run of the vehicles now in use. Many of these are computed to oarry fourteen pas sengers in the first-class compartment; but it is not often that fourteen persons can bo squeezed into them, hut when that does occur the sense of suffocation is intensified to the highest point of endurance, and wo defy any body to solve the problem of how the passen gers in the corner seats can decently and comfortably bestow their legs. The roofs of all tho carriages are close to the hnads of the passengers, and every precaution is taken in the construction of these old-time carriages to limit the supply of pure air to a minimum, and at'night time to permit only the most dismal sort of light. The new American carriages have this great recommendation that there is about two feet raoro air above the heads of the passengers, and while the carriages are longer than any others in use, they aro not partitioned off into a number of private boxes whioh makes it necessary for tbe traveller to open and shut half a dozen doors before he can see whether or not thero is a vacant sent. They have a small toilet compartment at each end, and a water-filter. The carriage in use yesterday will seat fifty-six passengers. In the smaller carriagesit is scarcely possible to read,although you hold your book with both hands; hut this long carriage ran with perfect steadiness, and no inconvenience was peioeptible from vibration or oscillation such as is suffered in many of the other vehicles.' Tho interior woodwork con sists of black walnut and bird's eye maple, and the soats, which have reversible backs,'are covered. with green and crimson velvet. We learn, that but for the smullness of the road bridges at ttedfem, the carriages would have been built about two feet higher and nearly two feet broader. That being so, wo say tho sooner these bridges ore made higher and wider the: better, no that the travelling public may have means of locomotion equally healthy-and convenient to those enjoyed by the citizens of the great Republic. Bishop Tyrrellisoneofthosechurchmen whose, charity is evidently not of the kind that begins at home. The'Bishop of Newcastle has en dowed his diocese with no less ah endowment. than £120,000, the interest of which is to be mainly, expended in training young men for the church and improving the salaries of badly paid clergymen. Bishop Tyrrell'is a bachelor, consequently there is no one who has the right to cavil at his princely gift. The U. S. Minstrels, who were not very buc cessful during their late visit to Queensland, are doing good .business in Sydney. Miss*. " Lizzie Watson and' Mr. Braham, who were in Brisbane some time back, are favourites at the Queen's. . The Soldene Troupe are playing their last week at the Royal. Mr. Charles . Pope has had a benefit at the Victoria. - He complains bitterly of the manner in which he has been noticed by the critic of the Herald. Miss Ada Ward commences a twenty-four night's engagement at the Royal on November 10th. She will be supported by Mr. George D. Chapman. Cooper and Bailey's circus, which has been greatly added to, will open in Sydney towards the end of November. All the prisoners in the Hancock will forgery case have been committed to take their trial at the sessions commenciug on November 12.. The evidence in the case has been of a most volumi-. nous character. The splendid clipper steamer the Ly-ee-Moon (says the SJit. Hp-aid of Nov. 5), which was recently purchased by the Australasian Steam Navigation Company, and employed by them in the Fijian trade, and which has lately been lying alongside the Company's works at Pyr mont, has jhst suffered from a dreadful casualty by fire,, which has . gutted *the vessel, and entailed a heavy loss upon the enterprising owners. All appeared to be perfectly safe on board the'steamer till about midnight, on Saturday. All-the parties on board at this time were the carpenter, and - boatswain, and one of the stewards.. About 1 o'clock on Sun day morning, the watchman on. the A.S.N. Company's, works observed a more than ordi- nary light shining through the cabin windows. He immediately went on board and gave the alarm to the boatswain and the others onboard, stating that he thought he had perceived the smell of fire on board. The boatswain and carpenter made their.way.to the. steamer's saloon, but on bursting open the doors they were forced back by the flames which rushed out on them. Within ten minutes from this the ship was in flames in the whole of the amid ships sections. The powder magazine, which had been carried into the wheel-house on the hurricane deck, exploded through the heat below, it ib believed; and and this explosion being heard by Mr. Morris, the watchman at the Insurance Fire Brigade station in Bathurst- street, led him to give the alarm. Within a quarter of an hour after the alarm being given, Mr. Bown had his steam fire- engine on the Company's wharf, and the other companies witn engines were also promptly on the scene of action, the whole of the surround- - iocs—the harbour and both shores with the : buildings thereon—being lit up by the reflec tion of the flan.es. Superintendent Bown connected some 400 feet of hose which was passed over boats, and the steam fire-engine having been got to work, the fire was gradu ally got under. IVovision had been made for scuttling the vessel; but these operations were discontinued when it was seen that the firemen had got the flame- thoroughly under control. A number of rivets had been punched out with the view of staring a plate so as to let the water-into the hold; but these holes were re filled, while there seemed to be no other re source but to sink the ship. It was suggested by some persons that she should be scuttled by shot being driven into her from a cannon, and this was done, but without any damage to the vessel as the shot rebounded harmlessly off her hull. By half-past 3 o'clock in the morning the fire was entirely out; although the engines continued to throw a stream of water on the smouldering debris for some time after. The damage consists of the destruction of the deck houses and the whole of the 'upper deck. The main and foremasts have gone over the side, but the mizenmast stands intact. A portion of the main deck has been burnt through, but owing to the exertions of the brigade firemen, a large quantity of coals (about 100 tons) were prerented from catching fire, so that very fortunately the hull of the vessel has been preserved intact. The framework of the upper deck, through the in- tense heat has collapsed ; and strange to say, although this heat twisted the iron boats "davits" the tackling belonging to the boats was not in any way injured. From the stem to abaft the engine-room all has been destroyed ; but the engine itself has been preserved, owing to the judicious manner in which the bulk- heads had been placed, and the damage to the machinery will not he of an extensive nature. The loss will probably amount to some £4,000 or £5,000. The firemen of the various com- panies are deserving of great credit for the part. they played ; and it is stated that but for the services rendered by the Insurance steamer and firemen, the vessel would have in all likelihood been totally destroyed. 